TOWN AND COUNTRY NEWS The Honevouckle Point Estate, Newcastle. — A. few days ego a notice wee served on the residents at Honey suckle Point, Newcastle, to the following effect : — 'Crewn Solicitor's Office, Sydnov, 14th January, 18G7- Sir,— I have been instructed by tho Hon, Secretary for Works to fnfortn you that the Government require you to give up possession of the land at Honeysackle Point, now in your occupation, being a portion ofthe Crown Reserve of 100 feet from high water mark, situated between the land granted to James Mitchell and the River Hunter, and ot land granted to James Mitchell, which is now the nrooertv of the Commiasioner for Railwava : hnt that if ft ?a inconvenient for yon to do bo immediately a reasonable time will be allowed yon- to remove upon yonr attorning tenant, I am Instructed also to etate that, unless in reply thereto you within seven days from this date inform me either that yon wish te arrange to be allowed toreineitfaa tenant, legal proceedings will be commenced against yon without further notfoo. — I am, Sir, yours obediently, John Williams, Crown Solicitor.' On Saturday evening last a meeting was held at the Co-operative Store, Blane-street, at which a committee was firmed fur the purpose of devising and adopting means for proieetiog the interests of the leaseholders on Honeysuckle Point. And this committee met on Monday evening, without, how over, coming to eny very deiiniie determination in tho matter. It appears the land is held in trust by the Bishop, and most of the persons livinglherr held looses for twenty obe years, wbiohdo not expire till 1872. These leases bare, therefore, yet five years to run, end the lessees hare made considerable improvements, for which they expect compen sation from the Government. Several of those affected by the notification of the Government bad communicated with the Crown Solicitor on (be subject, and one of them had elicited the following reply ' Crown Solicitor's Office, January 19th, 1867- Sir,— I have to acknowledge the reoeipt of yours of date 18th instant, and to etate that the Honorable the Secretary for Works proposes visiting Newcastle at an early date, fur the purpose of taking into ooesideration the arrangements to be made with the occu piers of land at Honeysuckle Peint, who wish to be allowed to remain as tenants, when yon bad better call upon him with reference to yonr present application. — Tours obedi ent)}', John Williams, Crown Solicitor.' InritiKONMENT for Prize Fiohtino.— Tws raeil named George Wyse and Robert Dunbar have beon each sentenced to one year's imprisonment by Mr. Justice Har grave, at the Deniliquin Circuit Court, fur engaging in a prize fight. In passing sentence, his Honor observed that in reading the depositions he regreitted to notice that the fight appeared to have been got up by persons who should, from their position and education, have known bettor. Prisoners bod been warned, and even driven off by the police from one spot, bat had persisted in their deter mination. Dunbar, too, wbo on Monday appeared nndis figured es a witness in another case, was now battered and bruised. Prize fights were breaches of the peace, got up to promote betting and drinking, and the occasion of much demoralisation, and therefore punishment must follow. The sentence surprised the prisoners, who drew his Honor's attention to ils severity, and apparently equally surprised the audience. British and Foreign Birle Societt — The annual meeting of the Batburst Branch was held in the National School on the 14th. The chair was taken by Mr. W. H. Suit or, M LA , wbo said that ho would not occupy muoh time by attempting to explain the object of the society, bnt he would remark, that in this colony there was a great lack of scriptural knowledge, and it was a deplorable fact, that numbers of children were growing up around us without (ho knowledge of the true God, and who scarcely ever, if ever, heard of a Saviour. He trusted that by the eff irtB of this end kindred instiiutions, this lamentable state of things would soon cease to exist. The Ruv. T. J. Hinton read a Teport, in which the committee expressed their gratification that the results ofthe subscriptions collected by the Ladies' Association were £44 10s , and that £82 13s. fid. had been received for 176 copies of the scriptures sold in the district. ThA MActino n?oi fiAAmeattt hv tho Rtttr. MaaarR. frP.ikiA. Vaughan, Mayne, George, and the Rev. Dr. Tucker. On the 18th, a public meeting was held in the School of Arts, Mud gee, (he Bon. G. Cox in the chair. The Tabernacle.— On Monday evening Mr, Why-man delivered a lecture on the above subject at St James's Scboolbouee, Ceetlereagh-street. Tbe lecture was illus trated by a model of the tabernacle, and the description was ably rendered, end gave tho utmost satisfaction to tbe audience. Mr. Whyman will give the second part of the lecture — 44 the Day of Atonement' — on the evening of the 29th instant. Anniversary Regatta. — The committee of the above met on Monday at Tatters all's for tbe purpose of receiving entrances, but, in consequence of a number of the events Cot filling up, (he meeting was adjourned until Wednesday evening, when additional entries may be made be' ween 8 and 9 o'clock. Another race has been added to tbe pro gramme for third-class yachts, not exceeding niBe tons, fins and centreboards excluded, and no time allowed for ton nage. The committee have secured the fine ship Great Pacific for flagship, and a portion of the band of the 50th Regiment will perform on board duriDg the day. The sites for booths were put up last night, but were withdrawn, the bidding not reaching tbe reserved price. 'Funeral op the Constables murdered at Jinden. —The bodies of the murdered men— which the Government, on bearing of their horrible fate, had very promptly ordered to be brought down from where they had baen interred near the scene of the murder — arrived in Braidwood on Wednes day, 16th inbtant, and were taken to the courthouse, where they remained all night. At half-past 10 on Thursday morning the bell of St. Bede's tolled the populace to the sad duty of accompanying them to their l&bt; resting place in the Catholic cemetery. A lfrilo after eleven o'clock, the corpses were brought out of tho Court House yard in two carts, and the procession was formed* The police marched next to the corpses, about one hundred and fifty of the inhabitants of the town following. It was expected that the funeral would Lave taken place on Wednesday, when tbe attendance would have been very large. It was a sad eight, and one which will not be cosily forgotten by any of those present, to see the four coffins lowered side by side into the four graves prepared for ihem. In conspquence of the absence of both the Catholic clergymen, the funeral service was read by Mr. D £. Finnigan, the teacher of St. Bede'e school, assisted by Mr. A. Vider. We have previously stated that Phegon wae o married man, but we have frince Itemed that ho is a widower, end has a daughter about ten years old living in Tasmania at a place called Ross, where his deceased wife was very respectably connected. The Sydney Grammar School. — We are informed that the trustees of the Sydney Grammar School, at the request of Mr. Pratt, have been engaged during the last few days in a searching inquiry into the charges brought egain6t him by Mr. Macleay. All the masters and ex-masters whose attendance could he pro cured having beeu examined, it was resolved unanimously, fit a meeting held on the 18th instant, at which were pre sent Professor Pell, the Hon. George Allen, Mr. a' Beckett, Mr. Moreheod, Mr. Windeyer, and Mr. Stenhouse, that Mr. Pratt he fully acquitted of the charges against him. It yraa also resolved that the whole of the evidence find proceedings be immediately reported to Government. Memorial of Captain Cook, — Messrs. Burke and Co., of Reran -Etreet and Warwick-street, London. have for worded by the last to the Committee ot the Captain Cook Memorial a design for the same, accompanied by the foUowingjdesoriptive letter, dated 26th November, 1866:— -( « * * . we have prepared a design, which goes out by tht« mall 4o Sydney, for the monument proposed to be erected to the memory of Captain Cook, and we beg to give you particulars of Uie details and manner in which we should carry the same into execution. We propose the base of the monument to be in unpolished grey Scotch granite, on a plinth of the same material, eighteen foet square ; the die or body of the monument to be in marble, with panels on each ride J the front and tack ones to be sculptured to represent episodes in the life of Captain Cook, and the two aide ones to have the arms, motto, and inscription. Three columns at each corner, with responds or pilasters in polithed red granite, with marble bases, and richly carved marble capitals, support an entablature, ynfl above a richly carved and moulded cornice surmounted at each of the four corners by fi figure in marble. These four figures may be cmblematio of any of tbe etttes or cities of Australia, Surmounting the cornice of the monument a panelled donn, with carved mouldings, and upon this dome would stand the figure of Captain Cook, surrounded by nAuticul emblems. The figures, and in fact the whole of the structure, except the oolnmne, base, and plinth, to be in white marble, of that description known as Sicilian, whioh is the best adapted for outdoor woik. The height of the monument to the top of the dome would he 26 feet, and of the statuo of Captain Cook 10 feet. The approximate cost of the memorial executed as de scribed we estimate at about seveD thousand pounds in Eng land, The packing, freight, &o.;, would be extra cost. The writers add that, ' should the subscriptions not reach this amount, wo would prepare s less expensive design, or we could reduce tho height of the prcsuut. one and la*va out some of the work, so as to red uc»* the ro»t. Wo should re quire to know the amount in bun I, and ere should have no oifflciiliy in miring our design* to the limit.' lu a postscript it i* Hifift d at lbt ver- ti..!* M'-'srs Burk^were e ill suited in Ibis nratior tliey w.;re .fe-ired by Mr. Henry B. JiMin, of Middleebiuo-oi) 7ei s — an eutineut iron muster— to give a dorian for a memorial to CapiHiu Cook, to be pi teed upon his estate— it being the birthplace uf the great narigttjr — the cotiHge in which hew bum b^iug kc-pt up by Mr. Bolreon. Tbe drawing pen om by Messrs. Burke unn-v at the Metropolitan llou l. warre the promoters hell their firet Mooting. The estiiu^'H te for higher thin auy sum likely to be realised, fori Iuh which the gcuerrd uiter stflndif g vas that the inst'oriM to be crop! »ved wa» to be ooltu itl. IhestKlue iteolf i* of metal, from col.iaial ore'. Here, however, te a design for which as no charge bus been irmde, and although it nn»y never Ij acted upon, it » ill not he such a dead low to tbe eub.-^ci lb-re as tho designs for the new Houses of Parliament, nowaltuoft forgotten, were to the colony generally. The subscriptions to tbe monu ment fund oorne iu but slowly ; bnt the committee will have to meet now to do something In the matter. Apprehension of Two Parties for the Jindbn WuBDRue,— Michael N. O'Coiraoll and Daniel Guinea were brought up at the police court on Thursday, on the charge of having been ooncerned, with others, In the murder of John Carroll and bis party oa the 9ih instant. Prisoners were apprehended by sergeant Byrne, of BaUallabs, on Wednesday last, at their own residences— Uounell at 7 o'olock in the evening, and Guinea at 12 u* clock at night. They were remanded till Thursday next. It te rumoured that other an eats will shortly he made.— 2fr vitrftfwd Dispatch, January 19. Border Duties— The following return, furnished to the Conference by the Hon. the Treasurer of New South. Wales, shows the Customs receipts on the Murray for 1866 Statement ot Customs collated daring the year 1865 and the year 1806 to 22nd December, tit the several customi station! on the Hirer Murray, together u ith the ameuoU received from the Government of South Australia during the same period. 01866. Station. 186?. To 22nd Deo. Albury ? £2,216 10 7 ... £11,546 9 8 Moama- ? 14,048 12 2 ... 80.504 2 2 'Wcntworth ? 1,067 6 8 ... 8, 90S 8 11 6wen-blll Crossing ...... 89 17 4 ... 286 16 7 Corowa ? 2,112 11 2 ... 5,585 2 0 Euslon ? 42 14 4 ... 692 1 2 *19,520 11 10 ... 52,610 0 G Government of South Australia ? 13,085 11 6 ... 6,573 4 1 £33,515 S 4 ... £59,183 4 7 * Nothing collected in 1865 during the months of May and June. Pauramatta District Hobwtal.— ' The annual meet ing of the subscribers of the above institution, took plaoe on the 22nd instant. The Rev. R, L. King, presided. The following report was read and adopted:— The number of cases treated in the Parramatta District Hos £itel during tbe year 18G6, including those who were remaining i the establishment on the let January, was 61 males and 24 females; in all 65. Several of these were cases which required' very prompt attention. Daring the year 6 miles and 4 females died ; 49 males end IB females were discharged cured, or at their own request; and there were remaining in tbe institution on the 3 1st December, 6 males and 2 females; total, 8. The disbursements during the year have been considerable, it having been founa necessary to make extensive repairs to the hospital. These repairs, together with the building a tank, have bren per formed la a yery satisfactory manner, but at an expense of £287 I8s. 2d. fhc ordinary expenses of the Institution have amounted to £385 14s. Cd., or £4 10s. 9d. for each case treated during the year. These expenses have been met try private sub scriptions amounting to £146 8s. 2d., and the interest of the Bequest Fund, £55 9s, Cd. Total, £201 17s. 8d.» together with £112 19s. 7d. from the Goremment. The 6um of £300 had to be taken from the money invested, to meet the repairs, so that the invested capital of the institution is reduced to the sum of £700. Your committee would draw special attention to this Bequest Fund, regarding it as a very important dement of the stability of the Institution. 6t. Leonards Pbnnt Bank.— The ninth quarterly meeting of this bank was held in the School of Arte, on Saturday evening last ; Dr. Word in the chair. The bank having been established in October, 1864, and the original rules for its management providing that ' The treasurer shall submit en audited balance sheet annually to the directors,' has been found, iu practice, to ho very incon venient. The Sydney Savings* Bank, in which the floating balance te placed, makes up its accounts to the 3Lst Decem ber, which prevents the Fenny Bonk from satisfactorily balancing its accounts simultaneously. It was therefore resolved, 41 That the financial year of the St. Leonards Bank commence on the 1st January, in lieu of the 1st October.' The hon. treasurer then submitted au audited account for the last quarter, and the following statement of the trans actions of the institution from the 15th October, 1864, to 1st January, 1867, as follows:— Dr. To deposits (313 de positors), £573 15s. ; to pass books, £2 I2e. 24. ; to interest. £24 19*. lid,; to discount on debentures when purchased, £5 10s: Total, £606 17s. Id. Cr.— By repayments to depositors, including interest, £368 9*. Id. ; by pass books st&tiuncry;, stamps, &c; , &c.;, £5 6s. 8d ; by cash fa Sydney Savings' Bank, £133 Is. 4d. ; city eebrature, £100 : Total, £606 l7s. Id. Assets fort January, 1867, £233 Is. 4d. Interest at the rate of 5 per cent, per annum is allowed on all deposits above one pound, but fractions of a pound or portions of a month are not included. The amount of into ? rest p&jd; to depositors, up to 1st January, has been £15 16s. lid. The present number of depositors is 176, and the amount dee to them £221 2a 10a. The profits have more than covered tbe expense of management. The thanks of the directors was given to the honorary treasurer, Mr. Hunt, for his untiring services to the bank. Bush Missionary Society.— A social gathering of at the Temperance Hall, Pitt-street. About forty ladies and gentlemen sat down to tea. The meeting which followed was presided over by Mr. D. Walker. Mr. J. Palmer, the secretary, gave a verbal account of the affairs of the society during the past half-year, and it appeared from his remarks that tbe different agencies *f tbe society were wcrking satisfactorily. Mr. Mills, the treasurer, read the financial statement, which showed a debtor balance of £46 16^. 8d. It was stated that a cart was urgently needed for the colporteur; £35 was required for the pur chase of the vehicle, and of this sum £23 had been collected. Mr. John O'Connor, the esciety's missionary, gave an account ot his recent travels in the Southern coast district. He staled that he bad been received with marked hospita lity by the residents. He had held services wherever prac ticably hud distributed large numbers of tracts, and had sold several Bibles as well as religious books. The meeting was closed with devotional exercises. Free Church of England,— The fifth half-yearly tea meeting in connection with the Free Church of England, Bourke-etreet, Wo- Jloomooloo, took place on Tuesday, and a public meeting, presided over by Mr. Alder man Steel, was held in the oharch afterwards. The meeting wae pretty numerously attended, and addresses were delivered by the Rev. F. P. Agnew, the Rev, J. E. Vetcb, the Rev. W. Ridley, and Messrs. Gould, Davidson, Sinclair, and Wilson, end the chairman. At intervals during f be evening tbe choir of the church sang pieces of sacred music, and the meeting was brought to a clese shortly before 10 o'clock. Dahlikgkurst Chess Association,— The Darling hurst Chess Association met, on Wednesday evening, in St. John's schoolbouse, Darlinghurst, at half-past 7 o'clock. Tbis association — of which Mr. J. F. Francis is president, eaAthe Rev. Mr. Harden vice-president —consists of a FOcietyWffentiemen (chiefly residents in the immediate neighbourhood) who assemble .every Wednesday evening in tbe neat and commodious schoolroom of St. John's, Dar linghurst, for tbe purpose of finding recreation in tbe games of cfaese and draughts. No other games of any kind are admissible by the rules of the club, — which, although it assembles in a Denominational schoolroom, is perfectly opf.n to gentlemen of every shade ot political and religious opinion. The entrance fee is ten shillings, and the annual tubtcripriun not morn than five. Several tables are set out for the intellectual tournaments of chesn, and for that leas difficult gume which is usually associated therewith; so ibat when, as ye&ferc;'ay evening, the room is lighted up, and the 'mimic battles' have begun iu earnest, the Dar linghurst Chess Association seem to be thoroughly able to appreciate that quiet, social intercourse and unexceptionable rational enjoyment which it b their pleasure to participate in and to encourage. Lecture at Petersham.— The Rev. S. C. Kent, on Tuesday evening, delivered his interesting lec'ure on Father Mathew to a numerous audience in the Congregational Church, Petersham. The chair was taken by Mr, S. Dickin son. The lecture was well received, and at its close & vote of thanks to the lecturer was carried by acclamation. Tehferakce Meeting.— The weekly meeting of the New South Wales Alliance for the Suppression of Intem perance was held on Wednesday, in the Hall, Pitt-street. Mr. A. B, Armstrong occapied the chair, and addresses iu advocacy of to^al abstinence were delivered by Mr. Mills, Mr. Carmthera, and other gentlemen. The choir of the Alliance sang several selections of music at intervals during tbe evening. Fire. — About half-past 7 o'clock on Wednesday, a chim ney belonging to a house in the occupation of Mrs. M'Cuiloch, Little Ann-street, eff Elizabeth- street South, caught fire, and would in all probability have been productive of disastrous results, had it not been for the prompt exertions of some of the neigh bours. The fire, it appears, first originated through the foulness of the chimney, and some persons, in their endea vours to extinguish the flames, stopped up the top of the chimney, which caused the flames to hurst through into a bedroom, which wae speedily in flames. The firemen and engine of tbe No. 1 Volunteer fire Company were soon in attendance, followed by tbe men and engines of the fire brigade, bnt their services were fortunately not required. Presentation.— A special general meeting of the Albert Cricket Ciuh, at which a large number of members were present, was convened or Wednesday evening atTattersali's Booms, for the purpose of giving effect to a resolution having for its object the presentation of & testimonial to Mr, P. C. Curtis, for many years the able and zealous secretary. Mr, J, M. Leigh, the president of the club, occapied the chair, and in opening the business observed that this was a matter exclusively in tho hands of the Albert Club, although bo regretted it was not in their power to afford the cricketers of Sydney Rent-rally an opportunity of participating in it, as he felt assured they would have responded to the in vitation as cheei fully as the members of the Club. It would be admitted that those who exerted themselves in canyitig out the resolution had been very successful when he announced that since )a?t week, notwithstanding bad times and oibc-r OilficuUiea that beset many of us, they wete enabled io present a sum exceeding £100 ; and it would eteo be admitted that if Mr. Curtis bad not deserved more ibey would not nave been able to get so much together, Fv«-ry member uf the club had, he believed, as^Liicd to the proposition that Mr. Curtis wae worthy ot' uuicu wore thAu U*d been done in recognition 'f hi* services. He (Mr. Leigh) might say that be Lad r.tver fill mue plc-etuie. tbuo he did on this occtf-ioij iu Lring the medium ot pr^nricg tbis cup and puiM' in Mr. Cut lis, as a slight tukvn of the valuable so vices he l-a- mubred to the Albert Club, and to cricket gfnciully. The cup in of rilvc, of a large hue-*, having the representation clu oriiket iu*fch on one side and^rm muted L») a batmmn in attitude of phy. It baar* tlw fdljwjug in scrip-lion ' rre.'tntc by J. M. Leigh. E-q. for competition V.) the crivket olubr New South W \U *, and woa by the Albert Club, ir in-itcho* played iu I860. 1861, aud 1832, and by the members of the A.b.rt 01u;- to Mr. lVu C, CurtK in recognition of bin gretinnd tnjri» mens bvhaii «-f tbe club, bv resolution pusei at a H-mUI general meeting held At T-itte^aira. Syiiiey, 17ih Jaiiunry, 1867.' Mr. P. C. Curtin rbeu unde a suitable acknwlf'dgwuent For tho present be had received. The priKS- 'i-dings, which were cuthu&iattic; tbroagb.»ur, u rnduutcd with tbe meeting drinking to tbe success of the club and long life ar.d happioeas to Mr. Leigh. Aitemtted Suicide.— A determined attempt at self dcsnuceiou was mnde by a girl named Kate Barry, in the Hartley lock-up, on Friday last. This girl's name has bern reverel times before the ypnblic. Her father is now a prisoner in Mudgeo gaol for on Attempt to shoot her. She attempted to commit euicideonoe before whenoeufined in Mudgee gaol, aud was theu incarcerated because she refused to give evidence ogainBt her father at the last Quarter SesfioDf. The attempt on Friday, as she was being conveyed to the reformatory in Sydney, proved futile, ana although the skin of the neck was cut, no arteries were divided, and the wound waa eewn up. The girl bears a desperate character, and Is well fitted for a reformatory. — Western Dost, January 18. Lecture, — In connection with the St. Paul's Literary and Discussion Class, Mr. Alexander Gordon on Wednesday delivered a lecture on the life, works, end times, of the great Italian poet Dantl, The attendance on the occasion was but email. The lecturer eluoidated his subject by a series of diagrams which had been well prepared for the puipose, ana notwithstanding the lecture was delivered ex* tempore, it was an exceedingly interesting and instructive one, end at the conclusion a vote of PiftpVt was unaoi mensly given to Mr. Gordon.' Fatal Accident at Parramatta^ — An inquest was held by the coroner on Monday evening, at the dwelling house of Mr. Jacob Stein, known as the Sandle farm on the Prospect Creek, upon the body of Henry Stein, a young lad eged 15. Margaret Stein,si6terofthe deceased, deposed that on Sunday evening at half- past nine, she was going to bed with her lit tie eister, when the deceased came to her window, -and asked for mAtcbes; she gave him them and he went towards a mulberry tree to look for the gun whioh she believed had been left there; be found the gun, and she hoard a cap crack as though he had attempted to fire it off; he then said " Why Margaret, there are two caps on tbe gun — an old one and a new ene— and the gun is cot loaded she said it must be loaded : " he said no it is not, and walked to the room next her's ; there was alighted candle at the time in the room ; a few minutes after this ehe heard the gun go off in the next room ; she called deceased by name twice, but he made no answer, and witness got a light and went to bis room ; she did not at first see any one ; tbe gun was leaning against the bed ; on looking round f be saw nothing at first, but heard some - thing tri&ling;, and on looking under the table she saw her brother, the deceased, witii blood running from bis mouth ; she tried to get him to stand up, and called him by name ; he cpened his eyes once, and clorcd them again, his heart was beating; her father soon came in and deceased was laid on the bed, and died shortly after. Constable Ferris deposed to the information oon veyed to him shortly after the occurrence, and to his ex amination of the room and body ; the charge of the gun had entered the deceased's mouth, and appeared to have lodged in the back of the heed ; the neck was swollen. From factB otherwise disclosed it would appear that the deceased bad been blowing into the tnuxzle of the gun end had the nipple near the lighted candle, the grease from w hich was found on the nipple. The flame from lbs candle must have then Ignited the charge, The jury returned a verdict of accidental death. Wesleyan Foreign Missions. — Tho anniversary of the Windsor Branch of the Australasian Wesleyan Missions to the Besthen Society waa held on Sunday and Monday last. In the morning and evening scrmooB were preached by the Hcv, J. H. Fletcher, of Newington College. On Mr n day evening the annual public meeting took place in the chapel ; Mr. W. Walker, M.L.A., occupied the chair. Braidwood —William Berriman,who was remanded at the last Braidwood criminal sessions, and who has stood been a confine in ihe Braidwood gaol, was forwarded down to Sydney via tbe Clyde under escort yesterday morning. Crdcrs were sent up the end of last week from the authori ties in Sydney to release the prisoner on bail, and before the arrival of the officer, Detective Lyons, who was sent up with full instructions to the authorities on the subject, the whole proceeding wes common rumour all over the town and district, and in the first house in which that officer called in town he was told of the business on which he had ccme, tbe n&ir.e; of tbe Minister of the Crown whe was to be one of the prisoner's bondsmen, and the object for which he was set at liberty, namely, to head a party to go after Clarke's gang. We should not now men tion this important and delicate matter, although it has be come the common talk, but with the view of pointing out such a glaring instance of official untrue tin ess somewhere. Tbe matter /« one that calls loudly for inquiry, and we point it out as especially coming, with other matters of on equally important nature that have in like manner ao unaccount ably leaked out, within the province of the Commission of 'r.quiry suggested at the public meeting on Thursday, — I)i-patch. Dubbo.— A young man, named Thomas Ashball, a stockman in the'employ of Mr. L. C. Cheetham, narrowly escaped losing bis life at Garlganda. It appears he was riding & race on a bush course, and the horse — a thorough bred—ran against a limb of a tree, and threw its riaer, breaking his arm. The force of the concussion was such that it drove the animal back some yards, and killed him.tobtantaneously. Bathurst. — The Fret Press of January 17th reports We have to record the death of Mrs. Walker of Willerawa, under somewhat extraordinary circumstances. The lady, who bad reached an advanced age, but was remarkable for her health and activity, formed one of the pleasure patty who lately attended at Bowenfels, on Saturday, the 5th instant, to witness the great blasting explosion en the rail way works, She wae accompanied by her daughter, Mrs. Barton, the wife of the engineer-to'Chief^ and it is said re ceived & severe fright when the explosion took place, and from that moment became seriously ill. Growing worse after being removed to her residence, medical aid was c&Ilei; in]; bnt the shock her system had received was so great that her case was pronounced hopeless, and slowly sinking, the poor lady lingered on till Thursday last, when she died at 12 o'clock noon. — The weather during Thursday (January 18tb) and y esterday gave every indication of change, as messes of cloud kept congregating over head. The appear ance has, however, up to the present time, been deceitful, for the much wanted rain holds off. We are informed that the Meequerie above Mount Taniar is perfectly dry for a dis tance of two miles. The effect of the drought upon the maize crops on the plains is beginning to tell with great severity, but we bear that farther off the crops are in a much more flourishing state. Goulbdrn —A public meeting of persons desirous of having a testimonial presented to the Rev. M. M'Alroy, Catholic priest of Goulburs, was held in the largo room over Mr. Rogers' furniture ebop, on Wednesday evening lAst. The room was well filled. The chair was takeu by Mr. James M -Govern, end resolutions were passed'to further ance of the olject. Vass.— The Courier states that at the Yass police court Jticmish Minaghac, a euttler on the Burrowa ltiver and a married msn, was churged with committiog a rape up--n Ann M-Laugblto, & woman seventy years of age, who had been in his employ. Mr. Allman appeared for the prosecu tion and Mr. Wilkinton for the defence. An alibi was preved, ard Mr. Alltuan abandoned the case. It is said that pto&idtog;* for perjury will be taken agatost the prosecutrix.— We learn that the authorities of the Mint, after hiving agieed tc smelt a ton of ore from the Woolgarlo M tots if fowatded to them, refused to do so when it was oelivt-rcd, thus earning considerable disappointment and loss to ihe propriftors. Mr. Walter Kenny has seen Mr. Isaacs, ihe hon. member for Y&sa; -Plains, on the subject, who requested him to write a letter to him statiog all the pellicular*, which was accordingly done, but as yet no sntwer has bean received. — The extreme dryness of the grasa and of the stubble in the estivation paddocks, ren -Jere it \try nt- cesrery that every precaution should be taken to prevent ignition, ' which would in all likelihood lead to tnormous buth-fires. On Saturday last a very extensive fire wae very nearly occurring at Fairyhole Cresk, Yass district, owing to Mr. Ait haviDg commenced to burn off his stubble. The fire commuiiicaud with the grass outside the paddock, and bed it not been for vigorous measures it would be impot*ible to ssy where the devastation would have enatd. Mr. Zouch has had a narrow escape from being a sufferer. His crop of wheat had been cut and stocked and w&b; waiting to be drawn in, when some heed less juvenile sportsmen visited the paddock and commenced to dischaige their fuwiing-pieces amongst the stubble at tbe birds that were garnet irg. Instead of tiring wads they bad reeoiud to fbt- itw expensive material of paper, which of ct-urst' ignited, and falling amongst the stubble it quickly cnught fire. Ha-1 it not been for tiuiely aid the whole of the v/hcat urofet would probably have been destroyed, Owinn to some rimiiar folly on the part of the lovers'of (he gun, Mr. Ledger, of the Little River, has had nearly the whole of his gresx Limit. Surely the most ardeBt epoitsoten t.houli have seme consideration for the property of others, aud m«ue so when that which Is im perilled* w&k; cultivated for human food. Bocet Rivfr.— A toirespondtmt of the A rmidale Express writes on the 15th inrisxti The locality which attracted the attention of the mineis last week, from the fact of gold having been struck by Drabsch and party, is a slight hollow, or neatly a flit, on the ridge between Cabbage Tree Gully and Kentucky Cia-k, aud on the side falling to the Kentucky, Some little diotauec below where ihe shafts are being sank, it foims into a gully, w ith rock, which, from its confluence with the creek f -r a little way up, was worked seme years ago. Daring the past week a number of shafts have been sunk, the majoriiy of which have been no good, and at present the prospects of a diggings being opened are not very encouraging. Above the prospectors' claim Shepherd and paity sank three shafts with but little or no gnld, w hilet above them another claim got prospects of C or 7 dwtfi, to -the load, adJ shafts sunk 200 feet apart, ccrots the directum of the supposed tun, have each a little gold, bat nut sufficient to pay. Moffatt and party have some gold in their stuff, but how it will shape oamiot be known until it is all washed up, project* vary so much. DraUch appears to have a run about s^ren fret wide, which tbey believe will pay. 3 hst there is gold in tbe locality tiure is no df uLt, ner.riy ell ihesurftico having a little in it, I ut whether un- thing will be found in riuktog— i e , of any i-xfcDt— is yet a question of the future. In Cabbage Tree Gully a party cf Chinamen hare uken up au ox/cc-led clhiin fur tlmcing, i« vvurh whioh will ne'tefeiute cutting a long tail race, a portion of which will be through granite U'UMcis. i aiii and.— After two or three days of unsettled v,-Mbf-r, nvernl hmvy tliowers fell late on Sunday night mil curly jiMeittoy morning. Ab ut nmn yesterday a little iain tell also. * Thr (jauntily that, fell altogether must Lnvi bu-n mure than bi-s frilen durirg any rains for maxy nit nib*, juofring fu tu the suite of teiuk.*, &c; ; but it wiLl ltqiriu- lnuib wore to mlU into the parched ground bu(R cteuly tc- lie 4-f pmnaite nl L'.netii to the urop3. At Hinton ib- ? i-nin ftll vciy heavily?; tut towards the Sugarloaf and ? tit Bratxton a few Jjght sbowera tell, between Sunday and jeetctdny u.cniing at light. - A few da-s ago a large ►v»ikc was kilbd by Mr. John Sh-mnhau mi his farm, near Ltetk Cruk, Tho reptile was uf the carpel specios, und is said to have bc-« 11 nine tent in length. Wuen killed it had complete ly encircled in its folds a tame rabbit that was kept un the hum. Deniliquin —The Chromch of the 19th reports that anafiht) , which wbb at first reported to be of a serious , character, took place in a puUic-houbO some distance from Deniliquin on Saturday last- It was stated that & constable named Glenuon wa6 travelling to Deniliquin to attend (he ecssioDs here, end put up for refreshments at a publio-houee by tbe way ; there v ere two men in the bar, with whom he had some words, when they both caught hold of the con- ; stable, who drew bis revolver, which accidentally exploded and shot one of them in the neok. Tbe wounded rain was conveyed to the hospital here, and Is row recovering; no vital part having been injured, Municipal.— Important Decision,— At the aitting of the Court of Requests, on Thursday last, Messrs. Haw kins end Rotton presiding, several rate oases were disposed of in favour of the municipality. In one instanoe, however, in which Mr, James Backhouse waa the defendant, the amount sued for was one year's rates, and Mr. Wadeson appeared for the defendant, and acquainted the Bench with the fact that during the currency of the first half-year the house for which his client had been called upon to pay twelve months' rates, had been in the oooupation of a tenant who was in a position to pay, and would have paid, the rale tor that period bad he been called upon. Sinoe than, however, ho bad It ft the premises, which were now empty, and the municipality camo upon Mr. Backhouse, as the landlord, for the back rates. He (Mr. Wadeson) contended that bis client had no right to suffer by the laches of the oollector or the council, upon whom it was encumbent to enforce payment from the occupier of a house, shonid he have goods and ch&Uels; enough to sell in s&tiBfaotion; of the demand. This be took to be tbe strict interpretation of the 8lst clause of Act. Mr. Backhouse was (dearly liable tor the last half year's rate, and made no demur to paying, but objected to being mulcted in the amount due upon the first half-year which ought to have been collected from the tenant iu oc cupation. Mr. Holland (the town clerk) submitted that by the 81st clause the rates might remain, if uncollected, a charge upon tbe house tor an indefinite pcrisd, and that it was not compulsoiy upon the Council to enforce payment from the tenant. The Bench decided in favour of the de fendant. It seemed to them only equitable and just that the officers of tho corporation should use every endeavour to collect the rates whenever they fell dne, otherwise coun tenance would be given to & very dangerous practice which might lead to corruption, Tbe defendant was released from bis objection to pay the first rate, and ordered to pay that for the last half-year. — Pnihurst Times, January 18, Wollonoono.— ' The llla&arta; Express of Monday re marks that a great amount of vigour has been infased into the harbour works, both on tbe coffer dam and at the exca vation. Another large hole is being drilled through the intervening space at the old and new basin for the purpose of the test which must shortly arrive on the coffer dam. The whole of the planks are down and have been driven home, and it is intended^ unless some unforse&n; calamity arises, to commence pumpmg out the water about Monday next. On Friday last a thorough overhauling ofthe engines at present in use took place, in order to be as far as can be foreseen prepared for emergencies. When the works are once free, a new eseine and pump will be started to kcrp them to, placed contiguous to the coffer dam. — Since our last wc have experienced a delightful change, as pleasant as it will prove agreeable and profitable to all parties. Late on Saturday evening a beautiful gentle rain commenced to i≪, and continued with more or less rapidity, till early this (Monday) morniDg. A good deal of ram fell, and what is of more importance, falling so gently the parched earth absorbed the whole of it. No washing out of crops or other damage resulted therefrem. Tbe wind conlinucB well on the south side of east, and we ere in brpes of having more, thcugh appearances do not look like it. Mudgel — An inquiry was held at a place about ten miles beyond Guntawang, on Saturday last, by Mr. G. Warburton, P.M., on the body of a man named John Thurston, who was found dead in the bush. The evidence token disclosed (be fact that be hnd teen seen by a lad about thrre days before his body was found, and then com tl&ined; of being ill, and s&id; he had been drinking. Deceased wee then crawling on his hands and knees, near tho spot where be was subsequently found dead, it is sup posed in search of water. The body, when examined by Dr. Ramsay, was in such an advanced state of decomposi tion, and, moreover, had been so mangled by crows picking it, that a post mortem examination was out of the question, and hence, it was interred where it was found. The deceased was a brother of Mrs. Labey, of Uraby. — A very melancholy occurrence occurred at the Old Pipe clay last week. A man of tbe name of Kutz, a German, died from the effects of animal poison absorbed into his system. It seems that a drover passing through with a mob of cattle lost one of the number, the animal dropping dead on the road. Kutz got the animal for the sake of its hide and tallow, and, with the assistance of three other men, thinned tbe beast. Kutz had an abrasion of the skin on his wriet at the time, and the inference is that at this the poison was first inoculated into his body. He felt little effects for a day or so, when his arm com menced swelling under the glanda of the armpit. Dr. Morton was called in, and did what he could tor tbe poor man, but he died from prostration in about three days. The rises se appears to have been very singular in some respects. When Dr. Morton scarified the glands under tbe arm, the patient obtained some temporary relief, but no matter exuded from the puncture, but* simply & kind of black frothy substance. Tbe arm did not swell at all, but the seat of the swelling was entirely in the side, neck, and under the eboulder. Death was free from pain, and the unfortu nate man sank from she^ exhaustion. The other men who aesisted Kutz are more or less affected, and two are now in the local hospital, but are expected to rec&ver.; Report tsys that several fowls, two dogs, and a cat, ell died from (firing the diseased meat. Tbe bullock, when tlaughtered, was very much diseased in what is tamed the melt and in one of the kidneys. The whole of tbe tallow also showed signs of great internal inflammation. An idea is prevalent that the animal died from Cumberland disease ; but, as far as our experience goes, neither tne symptoms appearing in the animal or the death of Kutz at all favour the conjecture. Duiicg the last few days, the hope of rain has been deferred until tbe heart has of a truth lx en silk. It hs6 threatened from the euutb ward, and a wild stnruiy sky, end fi) ing showers among the meunUios, fhowed apparently a change at hand. We bare not, how tvt-r, ce ytt bed a drop, and the a&p-ect; of the country is truly wretched — Ti'tslcni J'al, January 22. 5 cone. —The correspondent of the Maithnd Mercury writes:— On Monday last a shocking accident happened to cr.t of our old residents, an eld man named Jacob Steel, of Liitlefield; whilst tsgeged amongst his horses one of the Mtin.els gave him a very severe kick above the ankle joint, causing a compound fracture of the leg. We hear tkat Mr, Steel is progressing favourably, under the care of our two msdiral grmlrtctn — Another Reelect of iho same kind bftj pened cn Wednesday, r.ep.r the fi.jur mill, viz., a broken leg. An old men nomid Tohey, or Tooey. cauie into Scone o;: ibfil dr.y, end bad Lciu trousacti. g tusineNS in town, and bad msde a ctorl for home, when by some mishap the man toil, atd I oni icfrimed that the wheel of the dray parsed over bis leg, fracturing the bone. Although this accident hnppened in the tonn, where there were pleuty of places of r.octmmoda'ion. tbis man was put on the dray and taken sixteen mites before be would get surgical aid. Tbe Pa&toroi; Times of the 19th in&tant; says Saturday, Sunday, and Monday were scorching hot, the thermometer veryirg from 110 to 115* in the shade. We had lightning and thunder to some extent on Sunday morning, and & few drops of rain fell. On Monday we had a hot wind as though it came from a heated oven. On Tuesday morning the weather changed, strong southerly and southwest gales pre vailed, the atmosphere previously had been bright, and the sun intensely powerful. The atmosphere was now sur charged with heavy and dense vapors, and sudden goats of cold wind, Wednesday day end night were cool and pleasant. Thursday was a delightful day, and the night comfortably cool. Friday the weather grew rather warm again, and we have the prospect of a return of the heat, Murbumbtdgeb — The Express says that the bulk of the out-door harvesting work is now over, and many of the farmers are now busily engaged in threshing. The crops, on the whole, have been exceedingly heavy, and excepting in a few instances where they were suffered to overripen, have been secured in capital order. It is true that a large proportion cf tbe later grown bay was partially damaged by ihe rain, which fell -upon it while it lay mown and half tuade u)-on the paddocks, but take it altogether, the formers eDd Agriculturists, in this district, have had little to com plain of this season. During the last week or two the growing crops of Indian corn have, in ene or two places, been partially rffVcted with a disease somewhat resembling in its Qutwaid characteristics the smut in wheat. We be lieve that with Indian corn this disease is rather unusual, if sot altogether unknown ; but as it has, as far as we can It arn, only made its enj^arance in ene or two places, and is even then confined within veiy narrow limits, it is rather a matter for curious inquiry Ih .n serious alarm. Fire at Ghaiton.— AIkul 3 o'clock on Sunday morn ing (13th) Mr. Fisher's fine new rtore in Prince-street was discovered cn fire. The back door wb? f -re*3 oppn by many neighbours (no one living upou ihe promises), out such was the body of flame that all aitouipte t o ,ihe» k its progrebB or secure any cf tbe property in tb? building was fails; but the goods from a'back store v\°:e removed, aud that building' itself saved fruiu dettiivJiuu by their active exertioDB, In three-quarters oi an hour after tbe fire WftB discovered thd WAB Q oi' flrinesj in two hours it v..,- a of ruins. The wind wss from. the south wcu J. at.d to ti'J,:caU3eHiay be attributed the escape of the Queen's Hotel and other adjoining building*. Tb-;t u r~ was a new i»ne. The 6tock was covered by imunuv l' io the nmountof £4000, whilst ibe main buildings and ki:.1 io have been unrquotied in the district, covild m.-fbiive cost tess than £800, and were only insured u» i am ount fi is u fret tb&t; utti one policouiiu w-ai- i-frill.- while ilia tire was raging, nor did one pu' in an .ipj taune® until 8 o'clock on Surrisv morning. 'J here ct i-» be hu* uue uoiu!ou,ihqt Ihe fire was the act of an inctuiiiary, who it w-juU appear, ibe more i-utely to avoid uotrctios, awaited until ihe last -if the lights in the adjacent hou-es wore extinguished, ere he stt ntoiit his riabolical purpose, 'i he greatest sympathy is felt for Mi . Ftebi-r. by tve»- clut-s of ilu- .v.umjunirv, at his severe 1 ss — C/artt .ce c*hd Richtnvhd Exavrihef, January 15. Deaujs from Heat— Ihe Pi o al Times of ihe 19th reports kvhhS (-liod'H death* &' HVy. within tbe la»t week or to— t'loJ width nro all io b- nunbiite'1 to too exoassive h«nt of ihi vrca'hor. -u- t'u«. » -,citii.£ esu-r, ro'ce or less. Mi*. Aug'l rnd Lw ehiJd d el --ii Vi\ .ju-Hfry. of scarlet ftvu, Mr. Angel i- !; Il;^ ill, John L'.idv idp\ ?» lu'.tb. is ate' it .ru-c'i-ly ill ihnro, Mr. George Lul'.-, ium to Mi. Pjilm^r's chiidreu, wih i.-Vtn *(, Km -'r. sun-vi y, jod died iuimelhtoly he in. s ru:-o\».«i to'! tin : y. Charles Diltey, f »r niKiiy vfirp r.Vs!S''r at lkson'tt stitinu, died in a wnp»;:L' ih'Ji uites k f Wnnganella, on Monday. ItecttiMo was ?jpwerdb eighty years of age, and was on his way to LorMon fror. the Lachl^n. to see hit fiinily. Bv hud v^alhcd ft.-u Uay, unving, unfortunately, ex hausted ) means, which Lv apeat, or loe-t (lb-jut £50) on the toad Mr. Frondergast, banter, kindly drove poor Dolley to Iiay, atd there Preiiderga?1: was taken iU aud was given over by the doctor, and expired -m Moa-lay last. VTe fear that these arc only tho f-i uriiuuore of others of a like nature that wc sbnll have to rec.-rd, of death*, or attacks, to bo cbuflv attributed to the excessive heat of the weather, the thermometer bavirg been 115 degrees in the shade, And the wind, when we had it, waa as hot as though It came out of a fiery furnace. Incautious Fse op Fire-arms. —A correspondent iiifniLB us that on the 14th instant, the eon of Bin. Hol land. wbo resides at Erina, was about to shoot a hawk which bad attacked the chickens (the gun had not been discharged for some time, and the lad had just replaced the cap Willi another), when the gun went off, and the charge of shot euuck the top of Mrs. Holland's head, (earing the scalp, and inflicting a very ugly flesh wound. Had the shot gone only a little lower, instantaneous death would have been (he iesult Illawarra.— During Saturday night it commenced to rain, end continued at intervals Jnrongnout Sunday, when towards evening it cleared off. Although the quantity of rain that fell is far from sufficient, yet a most beneficial effect must be produced on the pasturage of the country. There arc many waterholes that yet require filling, and the ground requires to bo more thoroughly saturated before vegetation can progress with true Australian vigour. Although tbe sky is clear^ there ib in the atmosphere strong indications of more rain. — Mercury , January 19. Wagga Wagga.— Two deaths in the bush have been reported in town during the week; on Wednesday intelli gence was sent in that the remains of & man had been found at Bouligban's Creek, on the track between Cow&rby; and Eunonyharecnyah. Yesterday, Mr. Forsyth, accompanied by sub- inspector Meares and Dr. Morgan, proceeded to the sp«l. A magisterial inquiry was partially held before the former gentlemaD, end then adjourned nil to-day for the production of further evidence. A post mtrtem examine tioa^was made by Dr. Morgan, who gave it as his opinion that the unfortunate deceased hod perished from ibiret. Death had apparently taken place about three weeks ego. Three shillings were found in trousers pocket, and a note from a man named Birch asking for eome tobacco to be sent to him. A billy and pint pot were fonnd near the body, which was lying seme little way from the creek. The remains were interred near the spot where they were found. — The second body wae found close to O'DonneTs free eeleotion at Junee. The same gentlemen we have samed above, pro ceeded thither yesterday and & magisterial inquiry was par tially heard ana also adjourned until to-day. Tub deceased was seen to pass Lcitch's w&terhole; on Tuesday or Wed nesday last, on tbe evening of the first-mentioned day a man was scut by O'DonneU's boy near this place, and was taken by him te be a ghost. The deceased was an old grey-headed, man between fifty and sixty years of age. According to the evidence of Dr. Morgan, death had been caused by serous apoplexy. When discovered the body was clotbed 'wiih pair of* trouters but no shirt. Upon bearing of tbe occurrence, Mr. Kusch had the remains con vey cd to his station where ihcyhave been since interred. On Sntuiday, tbe I2ih instant, a case of severe burning, brought about by that dangerous, but apparently indispan stable, article of feminine attire, crinoline, occurred at New Town. The victim in this instance was Mrs. J. D. Thompson, «ho had been making preparations for lighting fctr fire for the purpose of getting dinner ready. She placed o lighted candle upon tbo benrthetone, and upon turning round ber crinoline expanded over tbe flame, and set her dicrs on fire. For some time she did not feel the fire which the bulging crinoline kept at some distance fram her person, and tbe only became aware of her danger by finding the wht.Je of tbe Lack of berclutbing in a blaz9. It fortu nately happened that & partially fiiled bucket of water stood at the well; to this she immediately rushed, and emptied i'B contents cn the ground, and then rolled herself over in the wet. Bv these means she managed to extin guish the flames, but nut untilshe had been severely barned upon the buck und shoulders. She is now confined to her brd, and, under ibe care of Dr. Morgan, is progressing as favosrably as can be expected. — Express, January 19. Bourke.— A correspondent of the Dubbo Dispatch, writing on January 7ih, states : — The weather is exces sively hot bore. Tbe grass is drying up fast; but no losses ere expected to arise from the want of rain. Six months' drought will net bring ue to what we were suffering this time lest year. Sheep from the lower Baloon and upper Culgoa are flocking down here every day, owing to the want of water and grass in that neighbourhood. A few of tbejlate Mr. J. G. Grenfell's old friends presented his daughter vith a considerable sum of money, a s a token of the esteem in which they held ber father. The amount or parties names I am not at liberty to disclose. A lottery in aid cf a fund to be presented to Mrs. Grenfell went off very Fuccessfully ; atcut £60 was obtained, and handed over to the lady. Wellington,— A meeting of members of the Anglican communion was held in the Court-honso on Monday, the 14th instant. The church accounts for 18S6 were audited, end matters connected with tbe stipend fond discussed. Meaturte were adopted for collecting some arrears for 1865 and 1866, end propositions made for the support of the clergymen, who will visit Wellington in future. A promise was made that the new church should be ready by the 1st March next, £110 remains to be collocted. — Dubbo Dispatch . IheEogak. — A correspondent of the Dubbo Dispatch, writing on tbe 6ih instant, informs us that the weather is fearfully hot and dry. Last Friday (he says) the Began was visited wiih a heavy storm of thunder and lightning, ? rut very little rmn. The travelling sheep of Clark and M'Leay'b&ve; made a complete a&hbed; of the river frontage, and if rain docs not soon come, I am afraid a great many of the residents of this river will have to remove to some uorc permanent water. The new mail contractor is busy rn the line stationing horses, &c.; With regard to the appointment of a police magistrate at Canonbar, there is no second question as to one being required, and his advent will bo hailed with delight. Moruya. — The Examiner of the 18th contains the report of cn inquest on the body of a man named Robert Drew. On Saturday, the I2rh instant, at Nerrigundah, before the coroner, Mr. W. S. Caswell made a post mortem rxaminatten after the bedy bad been exhumed. The chief pfiticulsrs given in evidence ere as follows : John Downey deposed : 1 knew deceased, and last saw him alive on the 7th insieut ; be was then in bc-d in the house of one Donald Sii'ktriand; he complained of pain in the belly; he was suffering from great pain; be did not appear to have His sm&cs; ; before be diea he was frothing at the mouth and he&virg; at tbe chest, and in great agony ; Oliver Puttimcre deposed : I am an innkeeper at Nerrigun dub ; knew deceased ; on (he 26th December last he came to my bouse ; Donald Sutherland, storekeeper of Nerriguu rab, wes with him ; others came in ; they all bad drinks &Ld; at ;.*ared friendly ; one Kay called for drinks but had not iLctey to pay for them ; Kay then &Bked; Drew for money due to him *; Drew refused to give any; Sutherland suggested that he should give him half-a-crown ; Drew told tim to mind bis own business; Kay afterwards called for drinks leaving Drew out ; Drew then called Sutherland a sponger ; Sutherland turned and struck Drew in the face ; Drew fell ; he was sitting on & form at the time and the foiin and Drew fell together ; I ran round tbe counter and therefore cannot say bow many blows passed ; when I get to Suther land he was in & stooping position over Drew ; I got him off end be walked away ; fill I heard Sutherland say was, 44 1 will not allew any man to call me a sponger;' Sutherland was sober, Drew was muddled; Drew bled at the nose; there was & great deal of blood on the floor ; Drew went outside and washed his face ; in about h&lf-an-hour; after Sutherland came again to the house and apologised to Drew ; they bad two or three drinks together; I was sitting with Drew an hour before the assault was committed ; he appeared quite right in his mind before he waa beaten by feuiherland ; about nine days, or from that to a fortnight, before the last affair, Drew was sparring with a person who struck him ; his nose bled then, and his cheek was cut ; . Drew wuB constantly drinking, but asm&U; quantity at a time ; be might take half & tumbler of spirits in the morning, but only small quantities during the day; never knew him to be speechless drunk ; his breath had & very offensive smell ; Other evidence was given in corroboration of the above ; the medical testimony given by Dr. Boot was to the effect that from examination he was nu&ble; to say, in the absence of external marks of violence, whether concussion, excite ment, or intoxication was tbe cause of effusion of blood on the braia. A verdict of manslaughter was returned against Dcnald Sutherland. 