FAIRY TALES FOR THE RISING GENERATION. rFrom the Tomahawk.! The Story of Cinderella. We owe no apology to our readers for the publication of the following fairy story. The fact is, the tales taught m the nursery in nnr vouth are nnw samv rnifc of rtatfi unfc to say immoral, and we are quite sure that Belgravian mothers generally will certainly bless cs, and possibly (not probably) even carry their gratitude to the extent of asking us to an occasional 'Kettledrum' (of the third class), in recognition of our services in attempting to introduce among their children a healthier tone of morality than, alas! at present rules supreme. Without further preface we rush in viedias res. There was once a poor girl called Cin derella, who was most cruelly treated by her stepmother. Instead of being allowed to lie a-bed till 11 o'clock in the morning, and to read French novels, like her more fortu nate sisters, she was forced to make her own dresses, and compelled to arrange her own back-hair. She was never allowed the use of a rouge pot, and was sent to church on Sundays, not to improve her taste in bonnets, but simply to listen to the prosy sermons of the clergyman! In fact, never was there such a case of maternal tyranny. She was actually once asked to make a pudding : and because she refused to comply with the barbarous request was de prived of her 'Sunday Zoo' for more than a fortnight. Now it must not be thought from what we have written that Cinderella went to the ' Zoo' on Sundays to look at the beasts ; on the contrary, she was a very good girl indeed, and knew nearly half the fourth commandment by heart (she had learned it in German), and consequently only visited the Gardens for the purpose of examining the dresses of her acquaintances and talking scandal Now it happened one evening that she was staying at home alone. Her cruel stepmother had gone out with the rest of the family, leaving poor Cinderella to make some clothes for a number of wretched beggars who lived at an Infirmary hard by. This indignity so wounded the dear child's amour propre that she burst into tears and wept bitterly. 'What are you crying for, my darling?' asked a soft voice by her aide. Cinderella raised her eyes, and saw standing before her her fairy godmother. Now, although the lady in question was not quite a person to be civil to (the fairy's husband had once been something in tallow), poor Cinderella felt in such low spirits that she at once poured out all the sorrows of her heart. 'Bohoo!' she cried 'I am so miserable. Here I have been left to make up these clothes for some disagreeable mendicants. [Cinderella made use of fine words not only before company, but at all times.] They are not for a fancy fair where I might flirt, but are going to a lot of ugly old people. It's cruel — Why, they won't even put my name in the Times as having made them. Bohoo ! Bohoo ! Why was I ever born? ' 'My dear child,' said the fairy, 'your sentiments do you honour, and to prove how much I hold your noble character in esteem I will do you a service. Your mother and sisters have gone to the ball at the palace. You shall follow them in a most magnificent costume' — Cinderella clapped her hands and jumped for joy — 'on one condition. You will meet at the ball a Prince whom you must marry within' three weeks of the present date. On the day of your wedding you must pay me £2,000?' ' You mean £1,000,' observed Cinderella, with a smile. ' Don't let us quarrel about details, my dear,' replied her godmother; 'let us say £1,500, and have dene with it.' ' Far too much ; but I have no heart to night for bargaining. You have a bill stamp?' and within five minutes the matter was settled. The fairy poured some liquid over the head of her goddaughter, and Cinderella's raven tresses changed to a fiery carrot colour. She waved her wand, and the ghost of a needle- woman appeared carrying a ball-dress. She waved her wand a second time, and a fat Jewess started from the ground and daubed Cinderella's face with enamel, Indian ink, and rouge. A few seconds later, and the young girl was as beautiful as paint could make her. 'Not quite decolletee enough,' said the fairy critically, touching Cinderella with her wand; 'there, that will do. Now, my dear, yon are ready to start. Here, wait one moment. If you stay after 12 o'clock has struck, your hair will become black at the roots, your rouge will lose its colour, your chignon will fall off, and your dress will disappear altogether.' ' The last calamity you have mentioned wsuld scarcely be noticed in a modern ball room,' replied Cinderella with a smile. 'However, godmother, I will be sure to mind what you say. Good- bye.' * * * ♦ ? Cinderella was a success. She behaved admirably at first. She danced four quad rilles with the gouty prince, and treated with superb disdain all the younger sons. Alas, that we should have to write it ! after supper she actually forgot herself so far as to waltz with a man who had little more than £500 a year, and scarcely any expectations to talk of. Her fault brought with it its own punishment. In the very act of dancing the hour of midnight struck, and the fairy's prophecy was accomplished. Cinderella rushed away, leaving her chignon behind her. She regained her home, and fell on her knees in an agony of sorrow. 'Oh, why did I leave the white-haired prince with his gout and his thousands for the boy with his youth and his poverty?' she cried. ' The prince had not five years of life in him, but his money bags would have remained for ever.' Scarcely had she uttered these words ere the fairy appeared, leading by the hand- the aged aristocrat. 'Prince,' said the supernatural god mother, 'you are in search of the maiden who dropped the golden-haired chignon at yourbalL Behold her!' 'Why, she has black tresses,' mumbled out the Prince, leering at Cinderella through his double eyeglasses. ' Always in^the morning,' said the fairy in explanation. Our story is over. All ended happily. Cinderella became a Princess within a month, aud a widow within a twelvemonth. For what happier fate could she possibly have wished? 