(JOAST LIFE IN NEWFOUNDLAND. [from the riverside magazine.] A few days after the sailing of the fleet the wind came round to the east, and continued blowing from this quarter without intermission for nearly three weeks ; and a more desolate, dreary time can scarcely be imagined. One night the captain called us out to the door and bade us look down the bay. ' Well, what d'ye see?' asked he aftcrwe had been straining our eyes and shivering in the keen, penetrating wind for some time. ' We could see nothing but tho inky waters of the bay foaming over the line of harbor ice and pounding it into lolly. ' Don't you notice that glare and gleam on the sky ? Did you ever see anything like that before ?' We couldn't say that we had. ' No ! that you never did ; without you seethe reilection of hundreds of miles of drift ice thrown on to the sky,' said he. ' Do you mean to say, then, captain, that the regular drift ice is so near as to make that gleam?' ' That's jess what I does mean, lads; an' don't you feel as of the esld was creepin' into your bones and nippin' o' your vitals?' Our chattering teeth answered this question in the affirmative. 'Well, then,' said the captain, ' we'd better not stop out here any longer a shiverin' and a hiverin' ; bocause by to-morrow you'll see how Greenland ice looks.' To tell the truth, we were rather- pleased at the prospect —it would he quite a novelty ! We had often read of the ice-floes ©f Baffin's Bay, and it was really, delightful to think that they were actually coming up our bay ! We might bo said to have had ice on the brain that iaight, for we could think, talk, and even' dream about nothing else. The captain told us a number of stories about his adventures among ice-fields and ice-bergs. One time his vessel was crushed by the ice, and he and his men barely escaped with their lives, having travelled over the ice four days, when they came up with a vessel. Another time he got frozen to a berg, and would certainly have lost his life had he not been discovered in time and rescued. Again, another tune he and a companion were out after seals, and they fell through between two large pans of ice ; lie was the first to get out of the water, but just as .the other man was half way out, the pans came together with awful force and cut him in two ! It would be impossible to recount all the wonderful perils and marvellous, hair-breadth escapes the old man experienced among the ice in his day. We retired that nightcompletely ice- bound; and as we lay awake thinking of tho morrow, we were struck with the peculiarly hollow howl of the wind ; it seemed to have a distant and desolate wail, as though it came all the way from the dolorous regions of tho North. When we awoke next morning everything was unusually silent. There was no moaning wind, no muffled roar of the Waves, to which our ears had become accustomed. We drew, asido the curtain of our window, and what a sight met our gazo ! As far as tho eye could reach away over the wide bay, all was one solid 'jam' of drift ice. . Great, irregular blocks, vast pans pushed up into pyramids, spires, and '. pinnacles ; here and thero n comparatively level field enclosed by walls of crystal boulders; while in tho far distanco loomed up several immense bergs higher than tho lighthouse lan tern ! Wo AVcro enraptured ; the show ex ceeded our expectations. Unfortunatoly our' delight was not sharod by any but tho boys ; the old folks looked grave, and shook thoir heads, and said it was a ' bad thing.' Sup pose it remained three weeks, a month, six weeks ; supposo it rofrised to leavo through April and May — what then? Where would tho sealing fleet bo? What, should wo do for food ? There was little provision in the stores. Only one vessel was expected from Now York with flour and salt moat — Georgo Leslie's vessel. Suppose she couldn't get in— ? what then ? Starvation ! These doleful conjoctures cast a shado over ovcry face, except the boys, who enjoyed themselves hugely among tho pans' and pin nacles. This wonderful ico was unlike any we had evor seon. It waa apparently as hard as niarblo and quiloas white, except ini the hol lows and beneath the water, whero it looked as green as emerald. ' And do you suppose it roally came from Baffin's Bay?' wo asked of tho old captain that night. ' Well, the Lord knows ! It may bo from . Baffin's, or it may bo from Greonland ; but wheresonidevor it come from, 'tis His holy will.' Tho captain had scarcely . delivered .this, before tho door opened, and a tall, venerable old man entered, his long straggling, white locks falling down over his stooping shoulders. He was sainted as' Skipper Nat, and he turned out to bo, like tho old captain, a superannuated sealer and planter. After informing Aunt Becky that ''tho missis' didn't havo a wink o' sleep all night thinking of the poor boys, and that sirntU Gideon's soro was getting along, and that Susan, sho was only so-so, tho old captain handed him tho pipe of peace, and aftor a few whiffs ho told us tho story of how ho was onco enst away alone n d«y aud a night ou tho ice, two hundred and fifty miles from ' land ov strund.' . Captain or Skipper Nat Dawes, though not so original a character as Captain Scupper, was much-better educated, and had seen more of the world. ' It was on the seventeenth day of March that we first fell in with tho ice and the swiles,' began Skipper Nat. ' Most com monly tho case,' abserved Captain Scupper. ' Not a bit as big as my hand could be seen before that day, which was rather uncommon' — ' Well, in the spring of '29,' interrupted Captain Scupper. ' Father !' exclaimed Mrs Scupper, ' lei us hear Skipper Nat's story first, if you please, and yours after.' ' Oh ! sartin, sartin,' ' said the captain, subsiding into his chair. 'All the night before,' continued Skipper Nat, ' we could perceive a strong gleam away to the north and cast, and as the wind was blowing pretty fresh from that quarter, we calculated that before many hours we should meet with the ico ; for you know that a large body of ice on the ocean always throws up a gleam, on tho sky, which, may be seen for many miles. And' more than this, there was a damp chill in the air, and the waves were not heavy, all indications of ice nigh at hand.' ' Yes ; and there's another thing,' burst out the old captain once more. ' Well, my gracious mo !' exclaimed Martha Ann ; ' law sakes alive ! I never saw the iikes of father !' and she expended the rest of her merry indignation on the lamp-wick. Cap tain Scupper having been reduced to silence, though reluctant to yield, Skipper Nat pro ceeded with his narrative. - ' It was about noon on the 17th, when I was awoko out of a nap by a. terrible pounding and grinding on tho side of the vessel. I didn't know but what we had got on a rock, and so I wasn't long tumbling up on deck ; and there we were, sure enough, in the midst of the ice — ice, ice everywhere, except far to the south, the dark lino of water. I'm sorry to say it was of a Sunday; but as ©ur skipper had no' scruples of conscience on that score, we were soon out with our bats and swile-ropes.' ' Some o' the ma'chants nowadays won't give a mam a vessel without he breaks the Sabbath a ketchin' swiles,' growled Captain Scupper. 'True for you,,Skipper Tom. Well, as I was going to 'say, before I left the vessel, I took a few cakes of bread, a junk of pork, and a small flask of rum ; but, in my hurry and ex citement I forgot my little pocket compass. The ice wasn't level or close, but nobbly and rough, with a good deal of slosh and slob between' tho pans. Five of us left in the gang, and after we had got some distance from tho schooner, and could come up with no swiles (though' we met with plenty of traces of them), wo somehow parted company, or, at least, I got parted from the rest. I was a young fellow then, and fond of adventure, and the novelty of being alone so far out on the ocean, with nothing but ice and sky to look at, and the chance of taking the firat pelts, caused mo to forget everything else. I didn't mark how the time went, or keep reckoning of my bearing3 and distances, or trouble myself about anything in the wide world. ' Well, I was beginning to feel a little weary, as you may believe, lads, when I tell you that walking a mile or so over the drift ice is something like travelling through a town by climbing over the houses.' ' Yes,' inter posed Captain Scupper, 'and the streets fathomless ditches,, at that.' 'That's true for you, Skipper Tom ! Well, just as I was about to sit down and take a little rest aud a bite o' bread, what should I see about a quar ter of a mile away, but a half dozen swiles with their white coats along with them on a large flat pan sunning of themselves. To come up with 'em, I had to be pretty cautious, as the ice was open and they could easily plump in and escape ; so I was forced to take a round about way, which of course lengthened out the quart3r of a mile considerable. I was creeping along with my eyes fixed on where the swiles were, when in I soused head and ears under water. I had a good hold of my bat, which, resting both ends on the ice, ena bled me soon to get out, and so I began tum bling after tho swiles again. But bless you! they were off while you'd say Jack Robinson. And now it was beginning to grow dusk, and heavy clouds were rising, and the weather looked threatening ; and I can't tell how it was, but all at once I got bewildered, and did not know north from south or east from west, or in what direction to face for the vessel. I could see or hear nothing of my chums, and didn't know what to do or which way to turn. No doubt the loose ice I was on was floating away at a quick rate. I shouted and whistled, but no answer came, and I couldn't mind how' the wind was blowing, and thero was no guide above or around to tell mo how to face. ' Well,' thinks I, \Nat, my old boy, you're' douo for.' ??'??? ' Just think of it, lads; two or three hun dred miles out on the ocean on a pan of ico ! Ah, that was a long night, to he sure. But there was no help for it, and so I had to mak9 the best of it. If the ice didn't break up, I might bo all right in the morning ; but a pan of ico; isn't the land of raft a man would choose. I began to consider what was best to bo dono;; and the first thing that occurred to mo was to eat something, lest I should grow 'faint. ' 1 accordingly sat down very coolly on .the ico, got put my pork and bread, and mado a hearty meal, not knowing hut what it would be tho Jast I should ever tasto jn this world. 'It would never do to stand still — 1 should freeze '; so I determined to travel boforo tho wind. It was pretty dark, but any consider able hole or lake in tho ice could easily he seen, so that by feeling ray way with tho gaff, and being pretty cautious, I continued to move along and keep my blood in circulation. Aftor going on in this manner for perhaps an hour, ? I came to what is called a lake ; that is, you know, an opening in tho ico occasioned by tho wind and tide acting in opposite directions. It extouded as far as I could mako out to my right and left, and. was possibly a hundvod yard? wido where I stood. Thero woro several pans of various sizes floating across the water, upon ono of which I thought I might ferry myself over-; for tho ico beyond seemed to bo' compact and safe. Well, I walked along the edge until I found a pan to suit mo, and on it I got and pushed of. Well, it wasn't to say a big piece— not much more than enough to bear mo ; hut beforo I got half way over, a monstrous old' hood lifted his hoad above water ' close by, aud mado for nry ' boat.' I knew that if tho follow attempted to got on tho pun along with mo, it wouldn't do either of us any good ; so I up and told him so, as loud as I could bawl. Ho gave ono good look at mo, as inuoh aU to say, ' ~\Vho bo you ?' nnd down ho dropped liko a large, slippery jrou pot, Aw 1 said, I was about half way over the lake, and was chuckling at my escape, when my raft gavo a jolt or lurch that nearly capsized me, and looking about to sec the cause, if thero wasn't tho old follow again with his head and flippers on the edge of the ice — and a miserable ugly looking head ho had, too ! In 'a moment another head popped up a little distance off; then 'another and another, till the whole lake as far as I could see through the sleet and snow, seemed to be alive with swiles. 'Well, good-by, Nat,' thinks I; 'your funeral ex penses won't cost much if these fellows have the burying of you !' But I didn't, to say, feel so much alarmed as excited, for the swile is naturally a mighty timid sort of a thing, except whenhecan'tget away, and then he'll show fight; but if they got me into the water — why, what was I ? Only a mouthful apiece for 'em. Well, I looked round and lets a yell out of me as loud as I could, ' Saucy Lass, ahoy !' (That was the name of our craft.) I heard one general splash all over the lake, and in a twinkling not a sign of a swile could be seen ! ' After I got over that lake I. came to another, and yet another; tho ice wasn't so close as I thought. Daylight was beginning to glimmer, and I was pretty well used up, for want of rest and sleep. It seemed as if I could not possibly drag my weary limbs along any further, so I picked out a comfor table-looking lump of ice, and threw myself down for a nap. I suppose I must have been asleep some four or five hours ; but tho first thing I know I heard voices over me. At last, when I opened my eyes and came tomyself, I see three of our own boys standing around me. And what is more, the vessel was close by. They heard me shouting out in the night, and, like a pack of fools, thought 't was a ghost, and no one would venture ©ut. And now here's a thing as always puzzled me ; that is; whether I came to the vessel or the vessel came to mo ; but I can tell you, when I stood on her greasy deck, and. had all the boys round me pawing me all over to make sure I was real flesh and blood,. I felt thankful to God who is always so good to the poor sailor.' ' Well,' said Captain Scupper, cutting up some tobacco, ' you may say wot you like about them being fools fur thinkin' you was a screechin' ghost ; but ef I didn't hear a sperrit screech one night out to the ice, why then my name isn't Tom Scupper — that's all?' We drew a little nearer to the fire and to each other while the old man, hi a hollow voice, narrated this anecdote : — ' 'T was on board the Princess — a tarrible onfort'nate craft ; so many of her hands lost their lives one time and another that she got to be called the 'coflih,' and at last 't was on possible to get -a dacent crew fur her ; and so the skipper he had orders to accidentally plump her onto a rock, and let her go to the botfco.pi. Well, 't was the third voyage afore this lucky misfortune, I was one of her crew. It was a tar rible dark night, as dark a night as ever I knoired. You couldn't see yerhand afore you on the dock. There was scarce a puff of wind, an' .we was jess dodgin' along among loose lots of slob. All the men was below 'ceptin' the watch, and they was mor'n half asleep quiled up here an' there. Me an' Dick Pippy was lcanin' over the rail, takin' a quiet smoke, and everything was as still as a tomb, when all to oncst there came two ov tho snaithliest screams as over mortal sinner hear. Mo an' Dick made fur the fo'cassle hatch, and without waitin' fur no ladder, we camo tumblin' down 'pon top o' four ov tho boys as was drinkin' rum toddy an' playin' five-an'-forties on the lid ov a trunk, upsettin' ov their lamp and glasses, an' leavin' ov 'em all in black darkness. They hear the scream, too, and was as frightened as wo was ; an' I'm blest ef one ov us could be got to go up on deck as fur as the galley and git a light. And more than this, there was poor Billy Sim mons in his bunk, laid up with fever, moanin' an' groanin' fur a drink o' tay as was bilin' in tho galley fur 'en, and no one would venture up to save his life. At last poor Billy says, hi a groan says he, ' Boys, is you goin' to leave a poor fella die!' say he; 'I wouldn't sarve any o' you so !' And more ho wouldn't, far ho was one of the kindest and onselfishest chaps I ever see. And with that, Pippy, he say, ' Go, I will, whatsomdever comes ?' ' And so will I,' chimed in the rest of us. So up wo runs ; and the first man that pokes his head through tho hatchway (Pippy, I b'liove it was), he cries out ' Firo !' and sure enough, tho galley was all ablaze ; for the cook and the rest of 'om had scampered down the com panion, and was shiverin' their shoes off into tho cabin. Well, to make a long story short it took us a good spell to dowt the flames and save the ship ; but when wo come down into the fo'cassle agin, there was poro Sin mons to the foot of the ladder, and ho stone dead ! Yes, — tarriblo ! awful ! I s'pose the pore fella — when he. hear the cry of fire, and saw he was lefl alone — got out ov his bunk aud tried to come on deck ; but ho was too faint, and lot go of his holt, and so broke his neck. Then wo knowed what tho screams meant. Talk about fools, indeed !'. 