I LAW. POLICE*COURT. Thubsday, Jone 13tk, 1867. Before the Stipendiary Magistrate. Cuauob of UuvNKENNEsa.-Constable Mahony charged Mary Ann Maltby with being drunk in a public placo; she pleaded not guilty. It turned out, however, that the accused waa not m a public place, but in a yard abutting on a public placo, and drunk- enness under such circumstances not boing an oflenco contemplated by the law, His Worship dismiaaod the complaint. This was the only case. SMALL DEBTS JURISDICTION. POLICE COURT. Thubsday, June 13th, 1807. ' Before tho Stipendiary Magistrate. _ _ , Several cases of small claims were in the list for to-day, but several wore arranged out of Court, in-, eluding Hissey v. Smith, Maud v. Verier, and Wheat- ley v. Lyons. In the caso of Propsting Brothers, v. Norman, an order waa made for »4 2a. Gd. The only mattera of public interest were comprised in the following. Chandler v. Haurold. This caso had been adjourned from a previous sitting for the production of a witness, who waa away at tho Huon. Mr. Gravea, in the absence of Mr. Lucas, for complainant. Mr. Gill for defendant. The Stipendiary Magistrate pointed out what ho ' considered to be an irregularity in the complaint, as being opposed to a clause of tho Summary Jurisdiction Act which provided that no two mattera of complaint should be included in one information, the claim being for ubo of a craft, and work and labor. Mr. Gill also pointed out a variance betweon the information and the summons, tho summons being only for £10 for the use of a craft. Mr. Graves, whilst he admitted that the practice should be watched with nicety, especially in that jurisdiction, Boeing that it had boon in use only for a short time, still ho submitted that the Bench should bo careful not to do anything arbitrarily ; the in- formation was to recover £10 for the use of a craft for fifteen days, for carrying goods, and for work and labor in and about the same, and it appeared to him that the information referred to one matter of com- plaint. The Stipendiary Magistrate : The Schedule to the Act makes it two* Mr. GiR : I will go further and say I'm prepared to show that there are threo matters of complaint. Mr. Graves suggested that, seeing it waa the first occasion on whioh the objection had been raised, his Worship should postpone the caso, to onable him to take advice on it. Mr. Gill submitted that this was an unreasonable proposition as the caso had already boen postponed for a fortnight. He remarked that he did not raise the objection. Mr. Graves did not take on himsolf to say the ob- jection was not fatal, but as several little difficulties had already arison, and it would bo necessary to amend the bill next session, thora would be no harm in a short postponement. The Stipendiary Magistrate said that would be a hardship on the plaintiff, and he thought the case so clear that he did not require to tako advice. Mr. Graves : I must say, your Worship, I can't seo that thero is more than one complaint. The Stipendiary Magistrate agreed with Mr. Gill that there were three matters ; ho must be guided by the Summary Procedure Act, and that said that not more than one matter of complaint shall bo in- cluded in every information. Mr. Graves: If your Worship will take time it might save stating a case. The Stipendiary Magistrate: I fool myself com- petent to decide the point, and, on reading the Act, I don't think myself justified in going on with the case. Mr. Gill wished it tobo understood that he did not wish to tako advantage Of a purely technical objec- tion, for supposing the case to be dismissed tho plaintiff would have a right to apply for a fresh summons. The Stipendiary Magistrate : I can't hear it ; it would bo illogal. Mr. GiU was of opinion the case ought to bo tried on ita merita,and his cheat waa willing to go on with it. , Mr. Gravea : But the Beach saya it has no juris- diction. The Stipendiary Magistrate : I feel bound to dis- miss it. Mr. Graves : Thia is called a " summary jurisdic- tion," but if in a case of this kind, tho matters of the claim aro to boaaod for separatcly.it is anything but a " summary" jurisdiction. It would bo necessary to have one information " for use of tho craft," another for " loading," and another for "working her," and that is not the cheap and cosy jurisdiction intended to be conferred. The Stipendiary Magistrate: I dismiss tho in- formation. Mr. Graves asked his Worship to stato a caso, should his learned friend Mr. Lucas desire it. The Stipendiary Magistrate : It had better be done in the regular way. Mr. GUI : Who is to pay the expenso of the do fondant coming to town r Mr. Graves : That will be decided when the judges reverse the decision and order the defendant to pay costs. (A laugh.) The Stipendiary Magistrate said he had the power. Still under all circumstances it would not bo fair to tho plaintiffaa the case ia not dismissed on the merits, to order coats. Wheatley v. Rabsons. John George Wheatley claimed 10s. Od. of Jano Parsons of the Ship Tap, for work and labor and professional attendance aa a veterinary surgeon. Defendant denied the claim, said it was a mattor belonging to her husband, who was outof the colony. His Worship having elicited from tho summoning constable that tho " Ship Tap" was in tho name of Samuol Parsons, defendant's husband, postponod hia decision till noxt week. Same v. Buck. Thia was a claim of 17a. for aorvicoa to a Bick cow. Mr. Buck doniod that he had employed defendant, and directly contradictod complainant in several par- ticulars. Case dismissed. Confirmation.-Last evening the rite of con- firmation was ndminiaterod at St. David'B Cithodral to 76 candidates, who had boen carefully prepared by thoir pastora for tho coremony during tho pre- vious week. The church was crowded in overy part before sovon o'clock, the hour fixed for com- mencement of the service, Shortly after sovon the Bishop and clergy entered the ohurch by the front door in procession, the incumbent of St. David's, tho Rev. F. H. Cox, tho Rovs. Mossrs. Gellibrand, Buckland, Davenport. Dr. Pardon«, Smales, H. J. Bromby (who boro the Pastoral Crook) being foi lowed by tho Right Rev. Bishop Bromby. Tho aorvice then opened by tho singing of tho 100th Psalm, me- trical vondon "With ono consent lot all tho earth." The litany was then intonod by tho Rev. Mr. Cox, tho congregation joining in the responses. The l'ióth hymn " Soldiers of Christ, arise," was sung introductory to the ordor of confirmation. Tho Bishop briefly addressed tho candidates on the im- portance of the servico, reminding thom that they liad como to ratify their baptismal promises, and to receivo the blessing of God's spirit in tho imposition of the Bishop's hand». In baptism they (tho candidates) hod received the mark of the Cross to indicate that thoy wore dedi- cated to the Gieat Shophord, oven as the sheep on the mountains of Tasmania woro branded with a mark to show to whom thoy belonged. Tho Bishop alluded to tho Old Testament authority for laying on of hands as furnished in the instanco of tho Jows, in whoso case tho blessing was restricted to those individuals on whom hands woro laid. Tho patriarch Jacob, wbon about to die, laid hands on his children; and Joshua was dedicated to the high office of Mosos' succossor by the imposition of hands. To thoso who objected to this au- thority, on tho assumption that Judaism had passed away, ho would refer to Now Testament authority and tho example of Jesus Christ, who put his hand on the blind man whoso sight was restored, and who callod the little children to bim, put his hands upon thom and blessed thom, saying, "Suffer the little children to como unto mo, and forbid thom not, for suoh is the kingdom of Heaven, ;" as also tho practico of tho Apostles, by which it was clear that in connection with tho imposition of hands tho Mossing of God was bestowed in answer to pruyor and faith. After some remarks on tho responsibility of the position the candidates sustained, tho Bishop askod tho usual question, " Do you hero in tho pro sonco of God and his congregation ronow tho solomn promise and vow mudo in baptism, and rutify and confirm the samo," &c.; P and received tho responso of tho candidates, who woro rangod conveniently in front seats, in tho alHrmativo. Tho 113th hymn, " Como Holy Ghost, otornul God," having boon thoD sung, the Bishop procoedod to tho laying of hands individually on the candidatos, of whom thoro woro 37 malos, ohiofly young mon and youths, but also including about 8 soldiers of H.M. 2-14throgt,and 39 fomalos, principally young pooplo. At tho conelusion of the uoromony, tho Bishop ascended tbo pulpit, and doliverod an appropriate sermon to the persons con- firmed from Ephoaians ¡v., 30, " And griovo not tho Holy Spirit of God, whereby yo aro sealed until tho day of redemption." Mr. P. A. Paokor presided at the organ. Wo understand there will bo a con- firmation in about a fortnight at Trinity Church. Royal Colleob or Suuoeons,-At a mooting of the Examiners of tho Boyal College of Surgeons, England, hold in April last, Mr, Peroy Doughty, a native of Tasmania, passod his examination in anatomy and physiology, and when eligible will be admitted to tho pass examination. Mas. 0. Meredith.-Tho abovo-namod lady gavo hor promised reading at tho Mechanics' Instituto last evening, in presence of a thin audience The pro- gramme was made up of selections from tho tale of " Ebba," written by Mrs. Meredith herself, and publishod in the Molbourno Amlraluiimi. The Mayor's Couut.-Tho above Court held its UBUal wookly sitting in the Counoil Cliumbor of tho Town Hall yestorday. Prosont :-His Worship the Mayor, and Aldermon Lewis and Pearce. Tbo only business transacted consisted in the fining of hulf-a do¿on persons in the usual penalty of 5s. eauh, for allowing goats to stray in public streets, and tho hoaring and disposai of a number of summonses issued against householders for non-payment of municipal and water ratei, 