DREADFUL TRAGEDY AT SOFALA. (From the correspondent of the Bathurst Times.) ON Christmas Eve, about ten o'clock, our usually quite town was thrown into a state of excitement by the report that murder and suicide had been com mitted by a man, by cutting his wife's and his own throats. The report proved to be only too true, and a more ghastly and revolting sight could not be imagined than the one that met the eyes of the people running to the spot, where a man lay in the road with his throat cut from ear to ear, and, in a house close by, a woman in a similar state. A magisterial inquiry was held yesterday morning, by H. Bridson, Esq., P.M., when the following particu lars were ascertained :— A man named Robert Corff had some disagreement with his wife and her parents, and, by the advice and interference of the latter, the wife refused to live with the husband, but both were nevertheless in the habit of meeting occasionally on the bank of the river, near the residence of the wife's parents. On Christmas Eve Robert Corff was seen sitting with his wife, near the house, when the cries of the baby that was with the mother, were heard by a younger brother of the wife, who, coming to the spot, dis covered Mary Corff lying on her side, with her throat cut, and Robert Corff on his hands and knees. The boy immediately made known what he had seen, and the poor woman was removed to her parents' house, where both Dr. Hinton and Dr. Walker were in im mediate attendance, but both doctors declared the case hopeless, and the poor woman died within the hour. Sergeant Casey found the man lying dead in the road, with his throat cut from ear to ear and a razor in his hand. It is most extraordinary how such a deed could be committed within a few yards of a public-house, stores, and private residences in the town, on such an evening, when so many people were walking about, without drawing the attention of some people near the spot. Since the above was in type, we have received a copy of the evidence taken at the magisterial inquiry, which we subjoin:— John Mc Guiness. junior, being duly sworn, said: I am son of John Mc Guiness, of Sofala; I have seen the body now lying in the old lock-up; I identify it as the body of Robert Corff, who was married to my sister Mary; I saw the deceased alive last night about ten o'clock; he was talking to his wife, my sister; I was standing with my mother at our own door; they were on the bank of the river, near Anderson's public-house, and distant from our house about thirty yards; I heard mother say to my sister, " Mary, are you coming home, it is bed-time ; " my sister said, "yes, mother; " in a few minutes' time I heard the little boy my sister had with her scream, and mother said to me, " run down, John, there is Robert beating Mary; " I ran down at once, and found my sister lying on her side; I saw that her throat was cut, and that blood was running out of the wound; the deceased was on his hands and knees ; his throat was also cut, and I saw the blood pouring out of his neck; he had an open razor in his right hand; my sister's baby was lying under the deceased, and was covered with blood ; I picked it up, and called out, "mother, Bob has cut Mary's throat and his own too;" I ran away, and gave the child to somebody, and then went for the police; I know that my sister and deceased were not living happily together. Joseph Myers, being duly sworn, said as follows: I am in the employ of Mr. Smeed, at the Two-mile Creek; I have seen the body in the old lockup; I identify it as the body of Robert Corf, who was also in Mr. Smeed's employ; yesterday deceased and I were working at haymaking together; deceased went to his dinner about noon, and did not return to his work until four o'clock in the afternoon; I said to him, "where have you been, Bob ?" he said "writing;" deceased came in with me from the Two-mile Creek to Sofala last night about eight o'clock ; he changed a cheque for £1 at Mrs. Flynn's public-house; we had two nobblers together; about half-past eight or nine o'clock deceased said, "I have an appointment to meet my wife; I must go;" he was then quite sober; when he was going away he said, " if I could got my wife to come down and have a dance, I should be a happy man; " on the way, coming in from the Two-mile Creek, deceased said to me that last Saturday night his wife had refused to wash a shirt for him ; he seemed very much put out about it, but said that he did not blame her so much as he did the old people, her parents. Walter Cassels Casey, being sworn said: I am a sergeant in the police force, stationed at Sofala; last night about ten o'clock, I was on duty in the town; I was standing at the corner of Denison and Davis-streets ; I saw a disturbance in the direction of Anderson's public- house ; I at once went over; as I passed some one said, "sergeant, there has been murder committed in the river; " as I went down the back of the river, I met Mr. and Mrs. Mc Guiness, and another man carrying a woman, whose clothes were covered with blood; Mrs. Mc Guiness said, " O! he has murdered my poor girl;" I said, " where is he?" she answered, " in the river;" I went down to the river and found deceased lying on his back; he had a razor open in his hand; his head was nearly cut off, and blood was running from the wound in spurts; I put my hand under his shirt, and felt his heart beat several times; he died almost immediately; the distance from where I was standing to where I found the deceased is not over forty yards; I at once sent for a surgeon, and left the body in charge of Constable McLeay; I went over to Mr. Mc Guinness's house, where I saw Mrs. Corff lying on the floor; her throat was cut, and I heard Dr. Walker say she could not recover; I had the body of the deceased man removed to the lookup; on searching the pockets, I found the letter I now pro duce addressed to Mr. Walford, Sofala ; I took it to Mr. Walford, who told me to open and read it; I did so; I now produce the letter :— To Mr. Walford, Solala, 24th December, 1866. Dear Sir,—I have come to the conclusion to depart this life, as my cruel wife will live with me no more, and I cannot live without her, she is my life, my light. I took my dirty shirt to her to get it washed. She told me she could not was it so then I said "oh ! the old people have been putting something in your head"—no answer. " Well then," said I, " take it and mend the sleeve, and I will wash it myself." She sad she could not, so I throwed it at her. She told me to come to her no more, but to send my money by anybody. Well, it grieved me to the heart. I then said " my der, I come to-morrow night and bring you a cheque for one pound for the last time." I kept my cheque from her to see how things would go. Oh my God ! Look down on my poor little innocent children ! my wife told me she would go to service, as the old people would keep the children. I said,"you shan't go." She says "I will, and you cannot stop me." So I thought I would stop her. It is her parents' doing, and so they must abide by the conse quences. God bless my children and keep them from all danger, and never let them know what became of their parents. Mr. Walford, be kind enough, dear sir, to put my children to the orphan school, and lay me and my dear wife side by side. I love her, I adore her I care for nothing but her, and I cannot leave her with that bad woman. O ! good Lord have mercy on our poor souls, as we have passed our days in Thy fear, so I hope we may end them in thy favour, and rejoice with Thee for ever in Thy Heavenly Kingdom through Jesus Christ our Lord and only saviour, who with Thee and the Holy Ghost liveth and reigneth One God world without end—Amen. Farewell ! Farewell for ever ! Farewell ! ROBERT AND MARY CORFF. I also found a razor-case in the trousers pocket ; I produce the razor I found in deceased's hand; it is covered with blood; on the handle is scratched "R. Corff." Westby Walker, on oath, said: I am a duly qualified medical practitioner residing at Sofala; last night I was called on by Sergeant Casey, to see the body of a man lying on the road near Ander son's public-house ; I have seen the body now in the lockup; it is the same; I have made a careful examination of the body; I find that the throat has been cut almost from car to ear; all the principal blood-vessels have been divided; also the windpipe is cut through in two places; I believe there have been three cuts made; such a wound would cause death in two or three minutes; from the evidence I have heard, and also from the direction of the wounds, I am of opinion that it has been a case of the most determined suicide. Somewhat similar evidence was given at the in quiry on the body of Mary Corff; aged nineteen years. 