RAILWAYS IN THE SOUTH-EAST. The Parliament have passed the Mount Gambler and Narracoorte Railway Bill. In the course of the discussion (which was interlarded with much more personality than the case required or war ranted) a good deal was said as to the various rival routes, and Port MacDon nell came in for some hard knocks. Mr. Colton said it was not a port at all, bat merely an open roadstead, whereas Lace pede Bay was a splendid harbor. Against this it is retorted that if PortMacDonnellis not so good]|an anchorage as Lacepede Bay, at all events it has some traffic, the population being centred near. Itwascuri ous to watch the rJiajiging countenances of Tarious hon. members as first one port came in for abuse, and then another for praise. There was no necessity to ask whether there were any personal in terests; every countenance was its owner's betrayer, as far as sullen looks and angry frowns on the one hand, and radiant smiles and animated nods on the other, testified to the satisfaction or dissatisfac tion produced by the various speeches. Even the Speaker seemed to catch the infection, and changed the expression of his countenance " From gay to grave, From lively to sewere." However, this is a question that must be dealt with on public grounds, and though it would be wrong to lay out a line of railway in a particular direction simply because it would enhance the value of somebody's property, it would be equally wrong to refuse to make a particular line on the ground that it would benefit some body's property. But whilst the former principle is pretty generally admitted, there is too frequently a tendency to ignore the latter. However, the railway from Mount Gambler to Naxracoorte is only an instalment of the railway system in the South-East. The line proposed will be very useful to a portion of the district, but there are other parts of the South-East that have equally strong claims, and these claims can neither be ignored nor long deferred. The Govern ment jhave, indeed, distinctly stated that the line now agreed to by Parliament is only a portion of a more comprehensive scheme, and that they will, in the nest session, bring forward a second measure. There is, naturally, and will be, much uncertainty in the minds of hon. mem bers who have not travelled in that part of the colony, as to the preference that should be given to particular routes, but this the South-Eastern residents, whose information is so much superior, must themselves settle. One thing is quite certain: mote must be done for that district of the colony, if we wish to develope its resources, and make them contribute, as they might do, to the national wealth. We do not ask for the South-East one mhillrog more than it is fairly entitled to. We should strenuously oppose impoverishing the North and other districts to benefit this, but taking a just and reasonable view of things; looking at the population and resources of the Smith-East, and what it contributes and has contributed to the revenue, we say that it ought to have its fair share of the public expenditure, and the more so, considering its proximity to Victoria and. the desirableness of re taining its commercial as well as its po litical connection with this province. There is, however, no disposition to deal unjustly with the South-East. The great difficulty is—want of accurate in formation as to its requirements, which want of information is aggravated by the j local jealousies and ri Tallies of the settlers | themselves. Of course it is natural that these rivalries and jealousies should exist, and it would be absurd to blame the MacDonnell people for preferring their own port to Lacepede Bay, or the people of Lacepede Bay for preferring their port to Port MacDonnelL All this is perfectly natural, and the Parliament ought to do justice to both parties. But the difficulty is to know what this justice is. There is no railway to the South- East, and, even if there were one, mem bers for other districts would not be al lowed free passes without subjecting themselves to much obloquy, neither could it be expected that they would travel at their own cost to procure information on subjects in which they had no private interest. Want of local knowledge is, therefore, and will continue to be, the great drawback to useful legis lation. One remedy for this would be to divide the South-East into two districts, and let each half have its own represen tatives. In any amended Electoral Act this will doubtless be provided for, and meanwhile members of Parliament must judge of measures brought before them, and balance conflicting ftlaima and state ments as best they can. COST OF SURVEYING RAILWAYS. A paper has been printed by order of the Legislative Council showing amounts paid forsurveying various linesof railway nowin progress. The Strathalbyn and Middle ton Tramway is 21 miles and 17 chains long, and the survey has cost £1,001 4s. 4d. The Dry Creek Loopline, four miles and 37 chains, cost £158 3s. 4d. to survey. The Port Wakeneld Tramway, 30i miles, has cost £1,345 17s. 4d., the permanent survey being only completed for 15| miles, the trial surveys finished throughout. The Roseworthy and For resters line, 24 miles, cost £600 4s. 3d. for the completion of the trial surveys for the whole distance, and the permanent survey for 13J miles. The trial surveys for the proposed line from Clare to Kadina, 55 miles 21 chains, were let a < £5 ss. per mile, and cost £290. There is a return of the cost of the Narracoorte and Mount Gambier tramway, 62 miles, and of the alternative line, 19 miles, but the total is only £469 15s. 2d. ; but this calculation is evidently based on some other principle, and does not represent the whole expense: V.—THE NORTHERN TERRITORY. CAPTAIN CADELL. We observe that the Melbourne Argus takes a more hopeful view of Captain CadeU's mission than many people here are disposed to do. Admitting that his movements seem to be " somewhat eccen tric," the Argus, nevertheless, maipfatma that he has done good service in the cause of exploration, and is lending important aid in solving " the last problems in Aus tralian geography." Referring to the main land north of the Roper, the writer points out that it had never been ex plored, and that it still figures on the maps as a solid piece of the great island continent, but that Capt. Cadell discovered that from about Blue Mud Bay the peninsula is in reality an archipelago, its islands separated by deep stretches of water. The discovery of the broad and deep river to the east of the Liverpool is regarded, from its situation and union with the sea, to be of the ut most importance for a settlement co operating with the shipping passing through Torres Straits. The following remarks on the Adam Bay settlement, and the probable destiny of Northern Australia, contain several points of special interest to this colony:— " Whatever may be the immediate for tune of the Adam Bay settlement, there can be no doubt now that the onward march of the Australian settler will only be stopped when he reaches the shore washed by the waters of the Aurafura Sea. Short as is the period since the bones of Burke and Wills were reco vered from their resting-place in the solitudes of Cooper's Creek, we have seen coaches traversing the desert be tween the out-settlements of South Australia and Menindie; the digger has prospected the Barrier Ranges; steamers have made their way up to the Warrego; missionaries have settled where King barely sustained life on the nardoo and fish supplied to him by the natives; copper miners are about to penetrate the silent places of the Cloncurry, where splendid lodes of ore have been dis covered ; and, as we know, all down the Albert and Flinders the traveller may pass from station to station, to Burke town and on to Sweer's Island, and can there find shipping to convey him back seaward to the coast city from which he started. This being the case, and the abundance and physical superiority of the natives in the land lying between the Flinders and the north-west coast proving that the country is a goodly one, it only wanted such a report as Captain Cadell has seut in to set the pioneers once more on the move. We may safely predict that before another year the limits to which the squatter has extended his lines will be greatly enlarged. The spirit which led to the occupation of the country be tween Cooper's Creek and Carpentaria, almost as soon as the fate of its first ex plorers had been ascertained, will be strongly stirred by the report of a good country, with a comparatively temperate climate and navigable rivers, existing in the extreme north, where wool and hides can be shipped with ease, and stock landed at little cost, as contrasted with the difficulties and expense which must attend settlement between Burketown and Cooper's Creek. Marvellous as the story of Australian progress really is, it is not yet concluded. There is room for a large population in the country just ex plored, and the reports received from Captain Cadell are not the less satisfac tory that it is about Liverpool Bay or the moujfc of the recentiv-discovered river that we may hereafter find it best to look for a site for the junction of the land with the marine telegraphic cable which will in time unxfca the oa&lem;^nts at the anti podes with the mother country." We concur, generally, in the foregoing observations, and think it very unwise to decry the Northern Territory, especially recollecting that the Gawler Plains were once declared, and in the most positive terms, to be utterly sterile and worthless. But this colony is scarcely in a position to form an unbiassed judgment upon Captain CadeU's discoveries, the land certificate holders have lost faith in the movement and want their money back, their appetites being sharpened by the hope that if they get back their money it will be with several years' interest added. However, it is not even now im possible to keep faith with the land pur chasers by surveying and giving them their sections ; and if this can be done, South Australia will not only have satisfied the just demands of the public creditor, but will also have preserved intact the high reputation she has achieved it the head of Australian explorers. *$.* Since the foregoing was written we have received telegrams to the effect that Capt. Cadell has discovered fine country, a navigable river, with a good site for a capital, and that the South Australian Government will shortly be able to fulfil all their obligations to the certificate holders. DESPATCHES FROM CAPTAIN CADEO. The Chief Secretary has courteously handed to us for publication the following telegraphic despatch from Captain Cadell:— Bowen, October L Arrived at Sweer's Island August 22. An chored at East Aroheim's Land May 22. Landed all my torses in good condition on the liver pool on th<r7th June.* They got rushed by an alligator tlie first night Two of tbem were never recovered. I went to Mount Norris Bay, bat was unsuccessful ia procuring buffaloes or meeting with the native interpreter. Very good land is to be found on the Liverpool and in the imniA^iafc> vicinity, commanding easy water carriage, as it is a fine deep estuary. There is moderately elevated land, presenting a. healthy site for a capital, with wood, water, and stone in abundance. It lies almost dead in the track of all ships coming through Torres Straits. It is «xactiy equidistant from our Queensland and Western Australian boundaries. The mosqui toes are the greatest drawbacks. We have dip covered a fine river near the Liverpool, in long. 134? 35\ l&t; 12? s*. The Firefly has been up it for 40 miles. There axe, at that point, five fathoms depth of water, with a breadth of fiO yards, and no indication of either increasing or diminishing. The natives are exceedingly numerous. East Arnheim'e Land, hitherto considered their mainland, is a. perfect Polynesia. The Eagle entered a strait 30 miles long, in lat 12 « 3', long. 133? 40\ and came out in Arnheim's Bay. The entrance of the Roper River is hardly navi gable for steamers of light draught. I ex plored it for 45 miles to Leichardt's position. The country is good. A solitary white man with a beard to bis waist is, or has been, living with the natives. He was absent turtle hunting when we were there. I will endeavor to get on his tracks. Whilst coming to off the mouth of the Roper last week the Eagle grounded and the Firefly being in tow ran into her, when the screw of the Eagle being outside the stempost cut the bows out of the Firefly, which sank her shortly. I have left my 13 working horses on Maria's Island, off the mouth of the Roper. Two were lost the first night, and two were drowned in the river. One also dropped dead ; two were turned out I have been unable to penetrate far into the interior on account of the sand stone ranges and swamps, the state of the horses, and my examination of the coast The expedition has been healthy, and we have been on excellent terms with the natives, who have assisted in wooding and watering the Eagle and Firefly. George Fraser, blacksmith, accidentally ehot himself dead with bis carbine, and one Gape York black boy was drowned in attempting to desert PastoraUy speaking, for the present it is a cattle country I have explored ; feed most luxuriant, but too coarse for horses, and too much grass seeds for sheep. It is an an. dulating open forest, subject to very heavy floods in the north-west monsoons. Samples of the soil -have been taken. Surveying operations are only practicable during the south-east monsoons. Maximum of ther mometer, 90? ; minimum, 54?; the average being much cooler than South Australia. We have had a good deal of difficulty in coming here against the monsoon, and in getting fuel for the Eagle. A good many uncharted dangers have been discovered. We will be fully two months on the coast yet I have forwarded this message to Bowen by special messenger. It will be two ..weeks ahead of the post. Despatches with fuller details and tracings will reach yon in a fortnight after receipt of this. I have not received a single letter from South Australia, which I attribute to the bad postal arrange ments. I imagine that I must now proceed to Adam Bay and the Victoria. F. C. Cadell. Bourke Town, via. Bowen, Sept. 26. VL—OUR WESTERN BOUNDARY. NO MAN'S LAND AND EUCLA HARBOR. There was a discussion of some im portance in the Council on Wednesday, October 9, on the motion of the Hon. Mr. Mildred, calling upon the Govern ment to have a farther examination made of the new port of Eucla, on the West Coast, and to take steps to have the western boundary of the colony denned. Some time ago Mr. Delisser discovered what he thought would prove a safe landing-place in what is now known as the harbor of Eucla, and com municated with the Government, advising that the spot should be examined, as it would prove a port of great value to any settlers that might take up pastoral claims or leases in No Man's Land. Mr. Delisser considered the harbor was sis or seven miles within our boundary. The Government on this report sent Captain Douglas to survey the new port, and his account was favorable as to its safety and capabilities ; but fhinlHng it desirable to know whether it was in our territory or Western Aus tralia, he took observations and fixed its position' with great confidence 0.8 of a mile on the western side of the boundary, and consequently out of this province. The Government very properly hesitated to accept this conclusion as final, and in the debate on Wednesday there was a general feeling that money should not be expended at the new harbor till Captain Douglas's decision as to the real position of the Western Australian border is veri fied. It is known that competent mathe maticians often differ in fixing longitude, and are as a rule fortunate if they come within half a mile of each other; so that further examination may threw Eucla into our territory. Still, Captain Douglas was hardly treated fairly by members of the Council, whose remarks would imply that he was not competent to take observations for longitude—an as sumption wholly unwarrantable. Captain Douglas may have made a mistake, but he may prove to have been correct; and certainly his opinion on a point essen tially within the scope of his profession is entitled to respect. Turning from this point we will refer to the question of the probable utility of the new port, and the character of the country likely to be connected therewith. Besides Captain Douglas's report, there have been recently laid before Parliament reports and plans of surveys of Mr. E. A- Delisser between Fowler's Bay and our western boun dary, and of his exploratory trips from the Bight and the new harbor of Eucla to the N.W. andN.N.W., passing into the next colony. The land about the Bight and bqundary (in what is known as No Man's Land), like nearly all the land on our Western coast, will be available only for pastoral purposes, the comparatively small annual fall of rain forbidding the hope of success in agricul ture. For sheep farming, however, the new country opened up by Mr. Delisser may be found of no small value when the question of water supply shall have been satisfactorily settled. While the average rainfall is small, the certainty of having some rain each year, is very much greater than in the Far North, and the risk to settlers of losing their stock is therefore not so great. The expense and uncertainty, however, of procuring water in this region present sufficient obstacles and discouragements to the pioneer settler to justify the Par liament in including it in the districts which are to share in the most liberal concessions under the Waste Lands Amendment Bill now passing through Parliament. A few years, ago this portion of South Australia was the last quarter where persons would have expected to see a new pastoral district opened up. Eyre's description of the coast, and the knowledge that in that part of the country there was no eizrfa<M? water and no wells except in the sandhills near the sea, were reasons sufficient to deter squat ters from looking in that direction for fresh fields and pastures new. Then, Major Warburton condemned the?ight country, and informed the Government that the only run that could be established there would be in connection with what is now known as the Jlcumba well, on the sand bills, where about 10,000 sheep could be grazed. It was at that time generally taken for granted that Fowler's Bay was about the natural limit of pastoral settle ment westward. Subsequent examina tion, by persons of experience in the selection of sheep country, to the west, north, and north-west, led, however, to a different conclusion. Various well-known squatters made excursions inland, and reported favorably of the feed, describing the land generally as admirably suited for sheep. The one great drawback was want of water. The numerous wells mink in the Fowler's Bay run, and to the eastward for many miles were uniformly salt, except in the sandhills; so that it appeared that, as in the Wallaroo dis j trict, fresh water did not exist. Some people, however, tempted by the hope of obtaining cheaply a valuable sheep run, determined to make the attempt, and in 1862 Messrs. Delisser, Stow, and others obtained water fit for sheep beyond the Fowler's Bay Bun at a depth of 112 feet. Since then a well of good water has been obtained on the same claim ; and the pro prietors of the Fowler's Bay Run have sunk two wells in their back country, at distances of about 14 miles from the coast, at moderate depths, and obtained capital water. Then Mr. Niall, on his claim between Fowler's Bay and the head ef the Bight, has found good fresh water by mnlriTig, and Mr. Wearing succeeded in getting water fit for sheep in the same direction. Against these wells there is a somewhat disheartening list of those in which salt water was struck, or none at all met with; but enough has been done to show that there is fresh water in the country, though to find it requires patience, determination, and considerable expenditure. When it is struck there is invariably an abundant supply. Probably when the country is better known it will be discovered in what spots or what kind of locality there is most likelihood of meeting with water. In a great part of the North the rises are selected, and about the Bight Mr. Delisser recommends the limestone elevations, though we are not aware upon what data he proceeds in coming to this conclusion. Now, with reference to the description of thecountry, itis well known that there is aline of scrub from Fowler's Bay to the Bight, with pad docks of grass, and a scrubby range runs in the same direction. For many years after Eyre performed his dreary journey, it was unknown what lay behind this scrub. We now know that by pushing inland for from 10 to 15 miles open plains are seen, and after this succeed slightly undulating country and more plains, with small patches of scrub, and a good deal of myall and mnlga. This country is excellently grassed, with occasional patches of salt bush. As the Bight is approached the scene changes; the land is more open, and over a large proportion of it saltbush takes the place of grass. By keeping a few miles from the coast any one can pass through open land, with prime pasturage, all the way from Fowler's Bay to the boundary, and beyond it for as great a distance as has yet been explored. In 1865 Mr. Delisser made a trip in a north-west direction from the Bight for about 155 miles. -At that point he came upon sheaoaks, a certain sign of • improved country, and, some people be lieve, of attainable fresh water below. He then went north for a dozen miles, passing through some sandalwood, and at the fur thest point of his journey there were shea oaks again, very large and thick. This was aVout 110 miles from the coast, and the Bheaoak country was in Western Australia. In 1866 Mr. Delisser made a short trip from Eucla, going north-west for 35 miles, north 20 miles, passing through beautiful country, cutting the Nuliabor Plain, and ending the journey where nothing but plain was in sight; the grass im proving in quality and quantity to the ' north. This trip was principally in Western j Australia. Certainly this account of the country is very different from what we should have expected from Eyre's cxpe- j riences, but he was obliged tohug the shore. It is evident that, supposing sufficient water can be obtained by sinking, there is plenty of available pastoral country on either side of the Border. It would not offer many inducements to the! Cockatoo farmer to settle, but squatters with enterprise and capital may turn it to profitable account. Should this region be settled we' have the satisfaction of knowing that there is a capital port available for the shipment of produce. It would, be a disappointment to find it out of our own territory, but being the only one west of Fowler's Bay it must be utilised, if pastoral occupation is to extend to our western boundary. Captain Douglas's report, as to the safety •f the harbor is entirely satisfactory. The shipping would be well protected by banks of sand and marl, and the holding ground is excellent. Altogether the information contained in these reports is full of interest, and the services Sir. Delisser has rendered to the colony deserve special recognition, for not only has he added materially to our knowledge of the country, but to him belongs the honor of having discovered what may become an important harbor, and which had been overlooked by marine explorers and sur veyors. VIL—NEW PASTORAL LEASES BILL. The Bill for granting new terms to the holders of various pastoral leases in the dry country having now passed, we will briefly repeat its leading provisions. It will, of course, be understood that the Act does not apply to country within the regular rainfall, but to that portion of the country subject to drought, including the country stretching westward to the boundary of Western Australia. The district under the operation of the Act is divided into three classes, A, B, and C, and of course it behoves lessees at once to ascertain in which class they are placed. This information (if required) can be obtained at the Crown Lands Office. Persons holding leases or preferential claims in either of the three divisions of country comprised in the Bin, may, at any time before December 24 nest, make application to surrender their leases and obtain new ones, on the following terms :—in Schedule A, 14 years ; in BorC, 21 years. If any of the sur rendered leases include also country not within either of the three classes, the new lease for so much of the run as is not within those divisions will be only for the term unexpired of the lease surren dered, and subject to the same charges and conditions. The new charges on the three classes of runs are as follows:—In Class A, sixpence per head on the average number of sheep, and three shillings on the average number of cattle depastured, but so that in no case shall the payment fall below £1 per square mile, which rent will be exacted even if no stock at all be depastured. In Class B, the charge will be fourpence for •sheep, and two shillings for cattle, with a pninimnm rent (as last explained) of eight and fourpence per mile. In Class C, twopence per head for sheep, and one shilling per head for cattle, with a mini mum of half-a-crown per square mile. The rents are payable on the 30th of June, and the 31st of December; and returns, according to a prescribed sche dule, are to be made half-yearly of all sheep and cattle depastured, whether belonging to the lessee or not. The lessee must state in his June return the number depasturing on the Ist of February, Ist of April, and Ist of June ; and in his December return the number on the Ist of August, the Ist of October, and tne istirfDooomher; also a declaration of the number of sheep shorn on the run at the last shearing time. The making a false return or doing anything to misrepresent the quantity of stock depastured, involves penalties for each offence of from £50 to £200, and forfeiture of lease. The same penalties will be incurred for driving stock off a run, with a view to diminish the number at the date of making the returns. There are various clauses giving large powers to the Government to enable them to detect and punish fraudu lent returns. For example, if the Attor ney-General " suspect" .that any lessee or overseer is endeavoring to evade the Act, the Supreme Court may grant a rule calling upon such person to show cause why his lease may not be forfeited for the reasons in such rule set forth; and in all cases relating to prosecutions arising out of false returns or driving off stock, the onus of disproof will rest upon the lessee. Should an overseer, or other person in the employ of a lessee, be convicted of making false returns, or driving off stock to evade the assessment, the lessee will be liable, in addition, to a fine similar to that inflicted upon his servant. A fine of £10 per week will be inflicted for delay in forwarding returns, anda month's delay will render the lease liable to for feiture. With regard to improvements, the Act provides that at the expiration of the leases all improvements will vest abso lutely in the Government, without com pensation to the lessees, except in the following cases :—lf, during the, last seven years of the lease, wells shall have been sunk containing water permanently avail able for the use of the stock, and increas ing the carrying capabilities of the land, compensation will be allowed as follows: —For all wells com pleted and used only during the last year of the lease, the full value to be paid; for all wells completed and used during the' last year but one of the term, six-sevenths of the value to be paid, and so on for each of the last seven years, one-seventh of the value of such wells being deducted for every year of the term unexpired at the time of the completion of such wells. This is the point on which some of the squatters have made so strong a stand, wishing to have all permanent improve ments, whenever made, allowed for at the end of the lease. Many of the witnesses before the Commission acknowledged, however, that they would be quite willing to give up improvements at the end of the term, if an extended tenure were granted, at a moderate rental. In addition to the concessions embraced in the extension of lease, and the read justment of rent, there is a clause giving a further year's remission of rent to leases in B and C (not A). There is also a provision enabling those lessees who— under the Act of 1865-6—chose extension of term instead of remission of rent, now to take remission of rent in common with others ; and there is a clause enabling lessees of runs, " wholly or partially," in Schedules A, B, and C, who may be in arrears of rent, to pay up such arrears, without penalty, before the 24th of December, but, failing to make good all payments by that date, the leases will actually be put up to auc tion and be sold to the highest bidder, no power being reserved to the Government to modify or alter this enactment. It will therefore be seen that this point is of the utmost importance to those lessees who are in arrear, and which include all, or nearly aIL the pastoral tenants in the Far North. As the Bill went up to the Coun cil, the latest date for paying up arrears was November 30, but that branch of the Legislature succeeded in extending the time to December 24th, and the House of Assembly, after considerable opposition, agreed to the amendment. The Act provides that any waste lands of the Crown in districts A, B, and C, and not yet leased, may be leased for &■ years on the same terms and conditions as above mentioned. There is also a. special clause interdicting all right «f renewal of leases granted under this Act. The present Waste Lands regulations axe not to affect lands comprised in Schedules A, It, and C, but new regulations are to be issued. Finally, in every lease of lands in either of ilie Districts A, B, or C, there will be a covenant on the part of the lessee to keep in good repair all houses, fences, and improvements, and a covenant to pay all local rates which may be imposed for Che improvement of any portions of the Districts A, B, or C ; but, save as last mentioned, the payment of the rents under this Act will be in foil of all taxes upon the land or stock, except any general taxes or impositions imposed upon all lands or stock widim the province. VIIL—RELIGIOUS INTELLIGENCE. DRAPER MEMORIAL CHUBCB. It has long been felt desirable and necessary that there should be a second Wcsleyan chipel in South Adelaide, and accordingly it has been. determined to erect one in Gilbert- street «■ the site of the old Wesleyan School, and flie proposed building trill bear the name of the liev. D. J. Draper, who lost his life by the foundering of the ship London on her voyage to Australia. It was arranged that (he foundation stone of the edifice should be laid on Tuesday. October 15, and accordingly a large number oE persons assembled to witness the ceremony. although the weather was rather wetandeeM. There was a. good attendance of ininistersof the Wesleyan Church, iroin the neighboring and country circuits. At 5 o'clock the proceedings commenced by singing a hymn, after which. the Her. Mr. Flockart engaged in prayer. A second hymn was then sung, and the Bev. A. Bigg read the 132nd Psahn. The Kw. J. G. Milubd then stated tinttbe bottle which would be desposited beneath tie stone, contained a, copy of the minutes «F tb? Conference; a copy of the South Anttrattmu Wedetion Magazine, with a copy of the dc cuit plan ; al&o; copies of two daily aewsiwpeE?, and a parchment bearing the foHowaq; words: ♦ " The foundation-stone of this house, inteudoA for the public worship of Almighty Cod after the forms and ceremonies of the Wesleyatt Methodist Church, was laid I >v John Cotton, Km ~ H.P., on the 15th day of October, 1867, beJnjtbe 30th ye ur of the reign of Her most gracious Ma jesty Queen Victoiia, Sir Dominick Daly being Governor of the province ; the Rev. H. H. Gani. i'resi lent of the Australasian Wesleyan Metho dist Conference; tLe Kev. John Watsfwd. Chairman of the South Australian District; Revs. J. G. Jlillard and A. Bigg, ministos «f the Adelaide First Circuit; John Coition aa£ James Scott, Esqa., Circuit Stewards; James Ciunming, Esq., architect; W. Bvndey, Es^, conn-actor; and Messrs. J. Col ton, J.Scott, la. Roach, H. Goss, \V. Collins, W. Johns, W. <£. Coombs, W. Scott, H. Codd, M. KiagsWoagh, W. Bichards, J. C. Mann, J. D. Bone, P. Hw, J. Dungey, A. Thompson, E. E. Tapley, F. B. FauMing, E. Peaice, J. Langsford, J^ Band. W. Thomas, J. D. Hill, J. Lloyd, GL W. Cotton, \V. Stacey, J. ftreer, W. PcogeUy.anA A. Dobbie, Trustees and Building Committee. This building is to be designated 'The Dnper Memorial Church,' in memory of the Rer. Daniel J. Draper, formerly Chairman of this District, whose useful ministry, genial disposi tion, enlightened attachment to Methodism, and most able management of its affairs, steady endeared him to our people, among whom las name will long be remembered with love anA veneration. On the 11th of January, ISBS, when returning from England to * ■■?i?^H« L where he had labored for 30 years, he, with his excellent wife and upwards of 200 fellow-pas sengers, sank into a watery grave by iibe foundering of the ship London in die Bay of Biscay.—He magnified Christ both in life «nd death." Mr. Millard reinarkel that but for the coarse ness of the weather the Architect would have exhibited a handsome drawing of the proposed building, but the working drawings might be inspected in the schoolroom. Then addressing Mr. J. Colton, M.P.. he said—Mr. Cotton. permit me. Sir, in the name of the Trustoesaad Building Committee of this edifice to present you with this eery handsome trowel, and aim in the name of Mr. Bundey, with this «J«-g??jt mallet, and' now to ask you on this very inte resting occasion, to proceed with these two in struments, to lay the foundation stone of the Draper Memorial Church, The trowel was elegantly worked in rihn^ with an ivory handle, and bore the fallowing inscription:—" Presented to J. Colton, Bs^ M-P., on the occasion of his laying the founda tion-stone of the Draper Memorial Church, Adelaide, 15th October, 18(57." Mr. COLTON, M.P., then proceeded to lay the stone, which having been duly adjusted, *>«• Colton said—"• Having examined this stone, and finding it perfectly level, I now declare it laid. in the uaine of the Father, of the Son, and «f the Holy Ghost, and way the Trinity, the blessed Trinity, bless this undertaking." Xhea mounting the stone, he delivered an address, oliJiiMigL gyoolring umKir- groat disadvan tages, as rain fell throughout bis speed. He said he was very sorry that that sas such an inauspicious afternoon, bat fee «as exceedingly pleased to find so. modi leal interest evinced in this undertaking as -was shown by the large attendance. He could tut permit that opportunity, fraught as it was with bo inuck of interest, to pass 'without making a few remarks, although he promised them they should be but few. He ms grati fied that this interesting ceremony bad fallen to his lot, because having been identified with the rise and progress of Methodism i^ this city for more than a quarter of a, century he felt that this was to him a red letter day, and one which would never fm forgotten as long as he lived. He however felt a special pleasure that he had tlie honor of laying the foundation-stone, because of znq long and intimate acquaintance with tih& honored man whose nanie this building weald commemorate. Many suggestions had been made as to what would be the most fitting manner to commemorate that great and good man's end—his life and his noble death—bat if they could draw aside tlie veil aad «bb permitted to consult their departed minister and friend, the late Rev. D. J. Diaper; vb? labored in this city nineyears, and kerespsat trine years of the very best days of Ids ministry, be was sure if they were permitted thus to consult him as to the character of the monument to fee; erected, his own sentiments would be in amgtj, ance with theirs in. the erection of that place of worship. He believed that nothing which they coul<i do would be more in hannonywitn hn views aad feelings than the erection of tin Church to commemorate his labors and Us heroic death. If that good man's saintedspiiit was now hovering over them he believed the joy which he would feel would be intensified by this additional evidence of the progress of Hie cause of the Redeemer in this city in «?■■??■ turn with their Church. He therefore repeated that he felt greatly honored in laying the foun dation stone of a building which would - commemorate the life and death «f one whom all esteemed, ?ud who «a a great blessing in laying the foundation of their Church in this city fine ami sure. He would now just Bay a word or two before he gave place to Mr. Watsford, as to the reasons which had led the trustees and «~?wl«i to commence this erection For maay yearn their place in Pirie- street had been too strait for them, large and commodious as tint was, and this erection had been talked of for many years, but they had not been able to see tfaetr way perfectly clear to commence it, as eo many other enterprises had been made necessuy in the Church's onward progress. This had had to give way to other movements. When the Chapel Stewards found that Pirie-streetdid not give sufficient accommodation for the earnest worshippers who wished to meet with them, ths thought occurred to them that they shoutdemet another church, and Kent Town ""* the place where they were now standing were sug gested. Kent Town, however, was nest, and consequently that church had first to be limit. It was thought that that church would so ib lieve the congregation of Pirie-street that ft would not be needful to make further accom modation for a considerable time, bat ih^ found out—and they were pleased with, the result—that notwithstanding the Kent Town Church, the Pirie- street Church was eoon as crowded as before, and consequently they **H decided to commence this sti-ucture. in order that they might agaiu drain the centre of many persins who were anxious to worship with tbem. He then appealed to them, young and old, te sym{iathise with the effoits of the stewards and trustees, a^d assist them by their co-opentum, their subscriptions, and th ir prayers. Already tney had the beginning of a church there, fora flourishing school met there every Sunday and a Society held its meetings from week to week. The building would he a very beantifnl one, worthy of the Wesleyan Church, and worthy of the man whose name it would beat He asked them to assist in nutting op a. good and respectable church, and one which would be a credit for years te come to that put of the city. He asked them for their sympathies "4 their prayers, and last, though not least, far their money also, for they could not get on with out money. He asked them all to do what they could, and he appealed to the young people me sent to lay their gifts upon the stone. He tten. addressing Mr. Millard, said he recexvedifae trowel and mallet with great pleasure. Ik (rowel was a very beautiful one, and he wished the rev. gentleman to convey to his hmlltM. trustees his high appreciation of their gift. He should very highly Value it as long as he lived, and it should be handed down to his family as a *"^H"nm, He had never been engaged in an undertaking of this sort which had been unsuceessfruTond therefore he entered upon this one with £he< greatest confidence that it would be successfoL for he was sure they were doing right, utdtliat they had the sanction of Heaven to their wark. (Cheers.) The Eev. JotoJ Waiseobo, Cihainnuici t)? District, then mounted the rtone and spoke. He said he should not detain them long, for Mr Hillard had said they must have a good collection, and as two ghowew had gone over, ho wanted the collection to be made before the third came. (Laughter.) He rejoiced in this work, beca-ise he believed they were building a Wesleyan church where one was very much needed, and because they were building a beau tiful house, where the great and glorious truth* which they as Wesleyan Methodists loved to hear, wauld be declared. They all knew what ruths would be preached and taught there, gome persons thought this a defect in their system, and deplored that their ministers were not left free and unshackled, as they termed it, to advance with the age, receiving fresh light and altering their views. They held, however, that all that was new in theology touching the fundamental truths of Christianity was false. (Hear, hear.) They held that Christianity, like its great Master, was the same yesterday, to-day, and for ever. There was the Tiinity and Unity tue one God and three persons, the three persons and one God—the Undivided Three, the my?tenous One. Surely no light could be imported to change that great doctrine. There was a'so original sin. Man—guilty, fallen, and undone. No further light could make it appear that man was not helpless and ruined. Then there was redemption by their Lord and Saviour Jesus Christ—man redeemed by the precious blood of the Lord and Saviour; and no fresh light could ever make it appear that He was not wounded for our transgressions and bruistd for our iniquities; that the chas tisement of our peace was not upon that, and that by His stripes we are not healed. There was the witness of the Spirit, and the renewal and sinctincation of the soul. These truths they held would be the same for ever, and they insisted upon their ministers preaching these truths. There was no difficulty in getting a minister out of their pulpits if he did not. If a Wesleyan minister taught these truths they ■aid, "Come with us and teach;" bat if not they said "Go somewhere else, we cannot bid you come with us unless you hold these great fundamental truths of Christianity." He need not say that there was no fear of Popery being preached there—(cheers)- or Puseyiain, or Ra tionalism —(hear, hear)—or fear of anything being preached there which was contrary to the glorious Go?psl of their blessed God. Let a Methodist preacher come from where he liked, and they cauie from all quarters—from England, Ireland, Scotland, Canala, the United States, or the colonies —and they knew that he would preach the great truths which they had long heard and experienced. He would Bay a word about the Draper Memorial Church. Let not their young friends think that they were worshipping saints. He was sure they were not erecting this house to worship their dear friend, Mr. Draper. They glorified God in that great and good man — in his holy and successful life, and in his triumphant death, and they presented this building as a thank-offering to God for giving them such a man, and for affording the grace which sustained him in the dying and the tryiug hour. No fitter memorial could be rained than a house of prayer where the glorious truths of the Gospel might be proclaimed. No other man in the colonies was more successful in chapel and church building than Mr. Draper, and in building a church to the glory of God, and it the Draper Memorial Church, might God grant that many hundreds of per sons might be converted to God thereby. He concluded by appealing to them all for their pecuniary assistance, and requesting them to lay their offerings on the stone. The Rev. Sir. Millard said the contract was taken for £4,200. A few months ago, at a meet ing of pewboltltsrs, a sum of £1,050 was pro mised, and he read a list of promises, which he said was equivalent to money placed on the stone, amounting in all to £82 15a. Mr. Cdltok said he had omitted to thank the contractor, Mr. Bundey, for the beautiful mallet. He should treasure it long as a memento of that day's proceedings. Offerings to a considerable amount were then placed upon the stone, and after singing and prayer the interesting proceedings terminated. The Church will be built of Glen Osmond stone, with Btone dressings. The interior is 83 X 48A feet, and the height from floor to ceiling wU be 28 feet. The height of the roof from the ground level is to be 49 feet, and the spire in front of the church will rise to a height of 120 feet. There will be accommodation for 576 adults, exclusive of two small galleries on either ■ide of the spire, for the use of the Sunday school children. Mr. James Cumming is the architect, and Mr. AVin. Bundey the contractor, and it is expected the church will be completed in about 14 mouths. BREAKFAST TO HIS LORDSHD? THE BISHOP OF ADELAIDE. On Friday week a breakfast was held in the Church Offices, Leigh-street, to welcome back His Lonlsliip the Bishop of Adelaide on his return to the colony. There were about 60 gentlemen of the clergy and laity present. Mr. R. U. Colley, in the absence of the Hon. John Morpliett, who was prevented by illness from attending, presided, and Dr. Duncan occupied the vico-chair. The Chairman was supported on his right by His Lordship the Bishop of Adelaide, Captain Legoe (of the Yatala), and Major O'Halloran ; and on his left by the Very Rev. the Daun. the VeneraJila Arolul, Mr. W. Bartley. A very nice breakfast was laid by Mr. Smith, of Hindley-street, which was duly discussed. The list of toasts was proceeded with. The toasts of "The Queen," " The Prince and Princess of Wales, Duke of Edinburgh, and the rest of the Royal Family," j and " His Excellency the Governor" were all honored. The ChaihmaV then called for bumpers for the health of his Lordship. He explained that in consequence of illne?S which confined the Hon. Mr. Morphett to his bed he (Mr. Colley) had been called upon to take the position of Chairman, and he read a note from Mr. Morphett expressive of his deep regret at not being able to be present. He had to propose "The Health of His Lordship the Bishop." (Cheers.) He was sure they all felt delighted to welcome him back once more. He had been away nearly two years, but no doubt, as they would hear from His Lordship, he had not been forgetful of South Australia during that time, or of the Church here. He was only now speaking from what he ha/1 heard incidentally, but he thought he was warranted in saying so. They were glad to welcome His Lordship back as the head of their Church, and as a friend of them all. (Hear, hear.) As the head of their Church amongst them they all felt proud of him. They felt that he was always earnest in his work, and that he bad never forgotten them, whether here or in England, but the Church here had been the first object with him, towards which the best of bis labors were devoted. (Cheers.) He thought they had some satisfaction in handing over the Church to him on his return. He believed the Church had not retrograded duiing his absence under those with whom it was left in charge, but rather that the seeds which he had sown had sprung up and borne fruit. To say that the Church had progressed well in his absence might be thought no compliment to His Lordship, but he thought it a very great compliment. He thought it a very great thing that the head of the Church, or of any department, could go away and leave his work and find it carried on well by his lieutenants. ('Jheers.) This was a mark of excellent management; of good generalship—that the head of a department could leave in this way, because it showed the anxiety of those under him to carry out the ideas of management and policy which they knew their head held. As a friend amongst them, they were all delighted to see him. (Hear, hear.) He would find- changes. There were some gaps amongst his friends, but these must be looked for in the course of events. He would be glad to see so many there to meet him and welcome him back. Daring his absence the colony had gone through a good deal of trouble, but she had progressed, and was now in a healthy and satisfactory state. They would, however, be anxious to hear His Lordship express those sentiments himself. They would, he was sure, all join in congratulating His Lordship on his safe return. Mrs. Short and family were left behind, but they were in good health and strength. His Lordship had arrived two or three days too soon, and they had hardly had time to make arr.iiigetuents ; but they must blame Captain Lcgoe for that. (Laughter.) It had been intended to have invited the ladies there that day, and through the hurry and want of room they were unable to carry out this intention. It was, however, entirely Capt. Legoe's fault, and the ladies must blame him. (Hear, hear, and a laugh.) He concluded by proposing His Lordship's health, and long might he be spared to live amongst them. (Applause.) His Lordship the Bishop was very cordially welcomed on rising to speak. Referring to his recollections of parting with them, and the pleasure it gave him to meet them again after a lapse of nearly 20 months, he passed on to remark that it was a great pleasure as he cast his eyes round the room to see that with some of them their shadows had not grown less —(Cheers) — and that there were marks of health and vigor which indicated that although the colony had passed through a state of deliquim, they had preserved the tissue in a sound state. There was perhaps one good friend (Mr. Tomkinson), who, he hoped, was not a type of the squatters ? but who, he thought, had not grown fatter— still he Beemed cheerful And he saw beside him £T o J?l^ able ■"PPortew (Messrs. A. and N. Blyth)—(loud laughter) — whose example he trusted he would follow, and whose aspect he hoped he would endeavor to rivaL (Renewed laughter.) His friend, Mr. Colley, had antici pated him in one sentiment, which, was a very true one. He could say to them that it had been an unspeakable gift, and a matter of boastful pride, in the Board-room of the Society for the Propogation of the Gospel, that the Church here was in such a satisfactory state. His friend, the Metropolitan of Cape Town, once referred to the cares and anxieties of his office. He replied that he had no cares and anxieties. " Dear me, no cares and anxiety" said the Metropolitan. "No" he answered, "my Church is going on very well." He assured them that it was the greatest comfort to him to feel that that Institution which, underGod's blessing and grace, they were permitted to initiate 11 or 12 yean ago, after much surging of spirit, with some thing of outspoken freedom, and modi of good sense and cordiality, bad proved so successful, and that although they had not followed the world, the world literally had come round to them. (Hear, hear.) Anxiety and cares! Why their last compact was just the thing, and met the exact crisis. It gave them what others were coming to, and whilst other ships were in danger—not, perhaps, of foundering at sea, bat getting seas on board and encountering other difficulties, they had pushed through and had quick dispatch during his absence. But then he must say they had been under a very good captain—{cheers)—who had sailed the synod- | ship remarkably well, and if he had not had a very rapid passage at any rate he had had a safe one. (Laughter.) And now he (the Bishop) was happy to come back and relieve him of his burden of anxiety, which he knew he had deeply and prayerfully felt, and which he now hoped, with good health and strength, and with renewed confidence in the affairs of the Church at home and here, to bear for sometime to come. (Applause.) He was very thankful to the kind Providence which had brought him soeasilyand so safely to Europe and back again, and although it had been a tradition that it was an evil thing to sail with a Bishop, he hoped cap tains of ships would never for a moment now consider that Bishops were anything but a blessing. (Laughter.) Indeed he thought they ought to carry Bishops perfectly free —(con- tinued laughter)—but at any rate he hoped he had secured for the cloth in general a little more respect in the forecastle and cuddy than was usual in old times. (Hear, hear.) But now • to turn from these thoughts of joyousness and mirth, he certainly did miss the faces of several reverend brethren. It was with great sorrow that he heard of the earliest taken from them, whose amiability and ster ling piety endeared him to all, and whose heart was right, although his plans were not always of the wisest. Although they might not approve of a man's plans, yet if they knew his intentions flowed purely from Chris tian and conscientious principles they could not help respecting him, and this was the case with his dear friend Mr. Needham. He took that opportunity of saying that it was with very great Borrow he heard of his being laid aside, and of his sudden decease, bat he knew they did all to comfort his widow in her dis tress. Again, latterly, whatever faults there might be in his friend, poor Titherington, there was but one feeling, and that was, that how ever eccentric he was, he believed the root of the matter was in him, and that he was thoroughly a Christian man. (Cheers.) His certainly was a most melancholy end for a hardworking and in some respects an ill-re quited life. One other had been taken from them, and he hoped he too had gone to his rest. They would ask him what provision he had made for these numerous places of worship which had been fostered, and which were anxiously crying, he would not say for the bread of life, because God was present even with the shepherd in his loneli ness, but were crying oat for the ordinances of the Church, and were longing for the super vision of men ordained to the work of shepherd ing the fold of the Redeemer. At first the accounts sent him of the etate of the colony, of the failure of the mines, and the shutting up of the Burra, and the disputes—legal and other —connected with the Moonta Mine ; together with the low price of wheat, made him very cautious in pledging congregations, or venturing to guarantee in addition to the passage, such an income as would be necessary to secure men of j talent and position, ruch as they would like to see amongst them. He had often heard the story of a countryman in England, who, after a change in the incumbency, waited on the Bishop, and complained that the new Incumbent gave them no Greek and Latin. " Greek and Latin," said the Bishop. " I shouldn't think you wanted those things." " Oh, we do," said the countryman, "we pays for the best, and we likes to have the best. (Laugh ter.) The moral he drew from this was that if they wished to have cultivated and refined Christian minds, educated in the great seats of learning, they must be prepared to pay him liberally, for " the laborer is worthy of his hire." (Cheers.) "They must not muzzle the ox which treadeth out the corn." They wished all to prosper, but he found that those men of industry, intelligence, and character got on in other professions, and why were the clergy not to share in some of the comforts and enjoy ments which were poured abundantly into the laps of the other professions. Pay only, how ever, would never get the right sort of men into the Church, and he believed many young men in England have backed oat from the Church because they refused to barter their souls for the pottage of the Church. He knew an instance now of a young man who would not go into the Church, although be might get £600 a year and a rectory, because his habits and in clinations were not suited to it; and this was the case in numerous instances. It was not from a disregard of the interests of the Church so much as a, higher appreciation of the ministerial life and office which deterred many young men from entering the Church; for, although urged by parental advice to do so, many said—" No, it is not suited for me, and, therefore, I cannot go in." There was necessarily a lull in candidature for the ministry of this sort, and let them all say—" Thank God there is." /Hew. fc~r.) iTc waa *?M, liowever, on good authority, that there was a higher appreciation of the minis terial life and duties, and that young men were crowding forward and preparing themselves in a way—which thirty years ago was not the case — for the fatigues, labors, and self sacrifices which were involved in such a life. He spoke of the great mass of ignorance, and sin, and misery which existed in the outskirts of London, and the noble efforts of men to dispel these. They seemed anxious to go into these scenes in order to realise their faith, and to engage in such ministrations as would prove the power of the Gospel to ameliorate the condition of these poor people. (Cheers.) The demand for laborers in these scenes was, therefore, very great, and it proved attractive to earnest men and women also, and a better standard existed now than had ever existed before with respect to the Ministry of the Church. IHad la*li«?g been there he should have said something of the numerous instances of devoted zeal which had carried women on to follow the example of Miss Nightingale amongst the worst scenes of suffering and sin—ladies of rank, and of the greatest refinement, who had gone out to recal into the path of virtue their erring sisters. He spoke of the brave way in which the ladies ministered to the wants of [ atients when the cholera raged in London, and when the nurses of the hospitals refused to atten-lto those who were stricken down. At the University of London also the hospital was carried on by the ladies of All Saint's and St. Margaret's, and this was only one of 500 in stances. They were ta be seen in every direction, and he merely spoke of these matters as instances of female heroism. Public feeling was coming round to admit these ladies into all the metropolitan workhouses also, instead of hired servants. Why, for one who watched tenderly as Hiss Nightingale did, there where hundreds now. (Cheers.) These, he thought, were signs of life in the Church, for such ladies as the Hon. Hiss Byron and others were fitted to adorn any situation, even around the throne, and yet day after day and night after night, were training others to assist in kind offices towards their fellow creatures. This might be an enthusi astic movement, and there might be irregu larities because they could not restrain these feelings by measure or rule, but with a strong devotional feeling, many had given up the pleasures of Rotten How and the Crystal Palace, and the horticultural shows. Zeal would exceed itself in certain cases, and it was only by gently appealing to their better sense that they could check these things. It would not be done by hard enactments forbidding this thing. In tilis day of the free handling of the Scriptures, when every man could hold his own opinion, if men of Christian love and real and faith went into the heart of cor ruption and among the masses of the population, let not the Church coldly scowl on them because they wear a dress which is peculiar and eccentric Whilst men in the high places of the earth were taking away their belief and flaunting their knowledge and wisdom, they should not, on the other hand, treat these self denying people, who gave their days and nights to their work, with harsh intolerance. (Cheers). He said these things to pat them in mind of what was going on, and he only wished to give a fair view of these things. They were, he knew, pushed to a great extreme, but it was only by kind and judicious advice, and gentle sympathy with their work, and not their eccen tricities .that they could restrain these extrava gances and bring them into the proper bond of the covenant. He had spoken of the Synod, and he would say here that he believed the aggregate of Christian sense and principle was better than the most enlightened talent of the greatest single inind that ever existed. It was the faith in this principle which in duced him 15 years ago to invite the clergy and laity to discuss the question, and after some free handling and a liitle sharpening of iron by iron, they had got a Synod which, as the Chair man had said, could, with credit, work with out him. If the Church should hare gone to the bad because he was away for six months, he should have thought he had spent his time very badly. He next alluded to the great good which had flowed from the combination or association of the clerical and lay element in England and in America for the discussion of matters apper taining to the welfare of the Church. Speak ing of the Bench of Bishops, he said, in his memory there had never been a time when the Bench was adorned with men of such really Christian character and principle as at the present period. There was his dear Primate —he called him dear Primate, because it so happened that when he went to Westminster School, a little boy seven years old, he was called his breakfast fag, and he was then of just the same kind, gracious, amiable disposition as he displayed even now. He was equally at home in the palace, equally accept able to the Royal Family as he was to the humblest cottager on his estate. The last addi tion also. Dr. Claughtou, of Kidderminster, the residence of Hichard Baxter, was also a man of the highest talent, and altogether the Epis copate was composed of men who were in the right place. Should they not thank God for this and take courage ? He went to some of to* meetings of York Congress, although suffering severely from incipient sciatica, ana there saw 2,000 of the clergy and lay members, and a numerous attendance of ladies and gentlemen, who used to meet day after day, listening to papers of consummate ability, which were read and spoken to by men of surpassing eloquence. He paid a tribute to the eloquence of the Irish clergymen—the Dean of Cork, for instance—who, he said, surpassed the Anglo- Saxon speakers. He referred also -to the Archbishop of York and the meeting of the Northern Convocation—a body which had no legis lative authority, but which met for the discussion of questions affecting the Church, and was of great use in bringing the distinguished clergy together to rob off old pre judices and ignorances and negligences. The tone which pervaded these debates was very ad mirable. He had the happiness of meeting three American Bishops, who were worthy re presentatives of a worthy daughter of the great Church of England. They had heard, no doubt, of the Pananglican Synod, to which he was invited, but was obliged to excuse himself, as he thought he had been away long enough. He had not heard the result of the. meeting, bnt he knew that one of the subjects to be discussed was a closer intercommunion between the Anniiwui and English Churches with respect to missionary work. He stated also, that during the time of the Paris Exhibition, by the cordial union of the American and English clergy a church was built in the Exhibition gardens, the service in which was carried out in the true reformed Catholic manner. There was good music, good reading, and good preaching, and altogether it was highly successful, and taught the people of Paris that the English had a religion which many seemed to doubt, because they were so quiet about it. He had been in many of the great towns of Europe. He spent six Sundays out of England, and he had the pleasure of preaching in Berne, Venice, Munich, and Aix-U-Chapelle to Anglo-American congregations. At Venice as he was waUdcg on the Piazza of St. Hark, not in his usual clerical dress, he observed an Episcopal hat and cos tume in front of him, and soon recognised an old friend, Bishop Trower, now Bishop of Gibraltar, who had come there to a confirmation. These were signs that the work, if not going on quite so extensively as they could wish, was still in a satisfactory condition, and at the present time, from Constantinople to Cadiz, the only place where they were not allowed to show the outward signs of their religion was within the great city of Rome. However, they had their Upper Cham ber, even there, and in 1836 he preached in it, little thinking that in 1667 he should be in Ssuth Australia. They still met together in that Upper Chamber, although no belL or other sign of their religion was allowed within the walls of the Great City. At Naples the first act of Garibaldi was to give a site for an English Church, which had been built and used, and he hoped the blessing of God would rest upon it. _ (Cheers.) These were not signs of a Church without life. Why, in Paris or in Italy, outside the States of the Church, he onold have bought ground and have boflt a church, so that the principle of a free church in a free state was more and more extending itself. Throughout the whole of Italy, except in the Papal States, religion was free, bat he could remember the time when a. very different state of things ex isted—when at Naples they were not allowed to bury with a surplice, and had to hold worship in the Consul's own parlor. Religion, however, was now free there. Coming back to England again they saw the head of Mohammedanism— the Sultan—actually dwelling in the palace of Queen Victoria, so that the old Moham medan idea—"we cannot eat with, these cursed infidels"—has totally broken down, and this, too, in the year 1567. He did not mean to fix any particular importance to the date, but it was worthy of notice. He was not pretending to prophecy, and Dr. Cummin); was not there, but he only said that there was a remarkable coincidence, that in this year they should see the Sultan dwelling amongst the Gaiours and infidels, and be able to hold free service in Italy. He had alluded to the Pan-Anglican Synod. In addition to that intercommunion there was the Scottish Episco pate and the American, Canadian, and Colonial Churches, were drawing themselves into the same position with the United Church of England and Ireland. This was a thing which had not happened since the Reformation, and they were holding out the right hand of fellow ship to the Swedish and Movairan Episcopates and they were longing for union with the Russian and Great Eastern Churches. But among the more important questions was the organization of Colonial Churches with colonial provinces. They had the great example of America, for when disrupted from Eng land the sons of the Church, still deter mined to stand to the religion of their fathers, and what was the case at the present day? Why, 44 Bishops in U.S. of America, of the highest character, were brought into con tact with their brother Bishops in England. When visiting at Lambeth once he was intro duced to the Bishop of Rhode Island, who cor dially invited him to that island, and said "And when you come remember myfc«««i?i Ton kemo." He mentioned this to show the brotherly kindness pervading the whole body of the Episcopal Union, whether in Canada or elsewhere. Since the renewal of intercourse between the South and North Churches, and in order to cement the reunion of the Ameri can Church, the bishop of Montreal was requested to preach the sermon; and subse quent to that the American Bishops had been present at the consecration of the cathedral in Canada. He trusted that this feeling would extend and put a girdle round the earth. And now they might ask, what was the position of the Colonial Churches in the Pan-Anglican Synod. He had given the Arch bishop his views in writing as to what was necessary for the provincial organization of the Church, and he asked them to consider the ad vantage and weight they would derive from Bishops meeting together in Convention, and giving their advice. With respect to the posi tion of the Colonial Church, be said the discus sions of the last few years, and the decision of Lord Campbell in the case of Eton College, were unking the position of the Colonial Churches more secure and satisfactory. In the Eton College case the Crown claimed the right of presentation to a preferment vacated by pre sentation to the Episcopate. rhe Fellows of Eton raised the question, and said that there was no such right with respect to the Colonial Church. That was the be ginning of it, and the question was fully discussed. Since the judgment of Lord Camp bell, whilst the Crown had no power to create Ecclesiastical Courts nor to receive ap peals direct from Bishops, yet in the nomina tion of Bishops, or in the assent to nomination, the Crown, as the representative of the laity, had a voice, and that still remained. This was one of the things touched upon in the questions of the Bishop of London; and whilst the Bill of last year did not make sufficient pro vision for the devolution of property, or the succession of Bishops, yet the object of the Bill was to carry oat liberal treatment to those who had gone forth to people the colonies. Suchlegislationasthiswould restore peace totheColonialChurchss and inspire them with great loyalty towards the Throne. Lord Carnarvon, an excellent, able, and good man had said, "Treat colonial churchmen as colonial laymen, and so far from deviating from the Church—her principles will be their prin ciples, her faith their faith, her order and dis cipline their order and discipline," and then in the words of the Bishop of Oxford, "it would be a free Church in a free State ; a free religion amongst free religionists." The all-absorbing question of Reform had prevented this Bill being carried. No one could take the Queen's supremacy away, and she could not give it away without the sanction of Parliament; and the object of this BUI was that the Queen should sanction such measures for the succes sion of trusts of the Church and for the nomi nation of Bishops that should be given to the representative body of theColonial Churches. A scheme was to be drawn up and laid ior a cer tain time before the Archbishop of Can terbury, and if he should not decline to assent to it the approval of the Queen would be sought to it, and so far she would devolve that portion of her supremacy to the colonial churches. He was sure, with their principles of attachment to the order and faith of the Church of their fathers, that this power could be fully accorded to them, for their hearts were drawn to the-principles of that Church, and the last thing they would do would be to deviate from the basis of their faith or practice, or even of their well-considered canonical law. (Cheers.) The Bill had been withdrawn for the present, but he had no reason to believe that it would be much altered, and it would be brought on next session. At the most convenient season he should bring it under their consideration, and he was per suaded that the same good sense and mutual concession which were exercised in drawing up the original regulations and Compact and De claration of the Church of England, would be shown in this matter also. He spoke of the high opinion which was held of the Church here, in England, and although their integrity and independence was much praised, they were left out in the cold. They praised him, bat they did not give him a thousand pounds— (laughter) -but he left, being quite content to [ rely upon the energy and liberality of South Australian Churchmen. (Cheers.) He then spoke with confidence of the prospects of the Colonial Churches under the supremacy of the law, and said there would be little fear of trusts being able to be broken whilst they were under the aegis of the Supreme Court. Lord Romilly had said the position of Bishop could not be taken away. Well, Her Majesty had conferred that title upon him, and he must keep it. Some people had honors thrust upon them, but he hoped they would not be angry if he did not throw his title back from whence it came. (Hear, hear.) He endeavored to respect persons who held the ministerial office, and he had always tried to act on that principle. He thai proceeded to speak of the importance of self- i elp, not only in temporal matters, but also in ecclesiastical matters ; urged the lay and clerical members of the Church to be faithful to the principles of their church; dwelt upon the ' necessity of making doe and proper provision for their clerical brethren; touched also upon the life and vigor of the Church as evidenced by the self-sacrificing conduct of the members of the Church in London now, and remarked that similar self-sacrifice and self-denial must be dis played here if they wished the Chuich to be true to her mission here. He concluded by re marking, that he was no whouseless, wifeless, and childless, but he should write next mail to Mrs. Short and tell her that she really had better come back, and that he had received a most hearty and warm welcome on his return. (Cheers.) The Ven. the Archdeacon expressed his deep obligations to His Lordship for his very excellent and interesting address, which showed clearly that he had not onlynotbeen unmindful of the interests of his diocese, but also that he had been observant of all that was passing in England. He endorsed the remarks of the Bishop as to the condition of Church life in England, although his experience there was limited in time and extent. From what he had heard and read he expected to find Ritualism generally prevailing, but he was very much gratified to find that that was not the case, but that there had been a mighty revival in the Church daring the past 20 years. They must, he thought, feel thankful for what they had heard with respect to the status of the Colonial Church, and he was happy to read the Bishop's letter in the Times denying that there had been or could be any misappropria tion of the trusts of the Church of Adelaide, as was stated in the House Commons. They would have to modify their constitution, but whatever modification should be made to suit their altered circumstances, they must re joice that they were part and parcel of the Church of England, and he trusted they would ever be so. (Cheers.) He then proposed the health of the Dean of Adelaide, remarking that he had ably filled the place of His Lordship, and had commanded the respect and affection of the Church at huge. (Applause.) He, too, thonght it the highest credit to their Diocesan that he could leave his diocese, and on his re turn find things as they were. He then referred to the decease of his worthy friend Mr. Titherington, and spoke of the .outburst of affectionate respect towards the memory of the departed which was displayed, and which showed that he had been doing his work well, although they must all admit that hehad oddities and eccentricities. He acknowledged the many personal and official kindnesses which he had received from the Dean, whose health he gave. The Very Rev. the Dean responded. He thought it very kind that so many gentlemen had come there in the busiest part of the day to welcome His Lordship back, and thus to show their respect and affection for him. With regard to the state of the diocese, be said it was left in such a state as that no one, except by mismanagement, could have I gone wrong. There had been some difficulties. Three clergymen had died, and three had re moved to England or the other colonies, and' difficulties had arisen with respect to supplying the vacancies. He expressed the pleasure which he had had in consulting the Chapter, consisting of the senior clergy, which His Lord ship had left behind, and acknowledgede the assistance he had received from them. He told the laity, however, thai if they wanted men of education and of position they must' provide for them. (Hear, hear.) On themselves depended the fact whether they should have these men, or whether they should compel the Bishop to have an inferior class of men. His Lordship the Bishop then proposed the health of Captain Legoe—(cheers)—speaking in high terms of the. ability of that gentleman, of the sen-going qualities of the Yatala, and of the manner in which the comfort and convenience of passengers were provided for. Captain Legoe expressed the pleasure which it gave him to be present and witness the hearty welcome they had given to 333s Lord ship, and he was thankful that in God's Pro vidence he had been able to restore him to them so soon. Having taken hotae Mr. Marryat, and taken home and brought back His Lordship, he thought this would dispel the superstition which existed amongst sailors as to clergymen—(cheers)—and he must say that if any clergyman wished a passage he would not charge him more than any other passenger. (Laughter.) He cordially thanked them. (Ap plause.) The healths of Mr. Colley and Dr. Duncan having been given and duly acknowledged, the proceedings terminated. VALEDICTORY TO REV. J. JEFFERIS. On Monday evening, September 30, the mem bers of the North Adelaide Congregational Church, together with the congregation, held a social tea meeting prior to the departure of the Rev. J. Jefferis for England. The schoolroom was completely crowded, between 600 and 700 persons being present. At the head of the room there were two transparencies, bearing the mot toes " Farewell" and " God Speed." After tea. the Hon. Captain Bagot was voted to the chair, and tersely introduced Mr. R. A. Takltojt, who moved the following resolution: —"That this meeting, while rejoicing in every event of Provi dence which is likely to contribute to the comfort of Us esteemed pastor, the Rev. ; J. Jefferis, desires with sincere regret to bid him and his family an affectionate farewell, on i the occasion of their departure to England, avails itself of this opportunity of expressing its j high appreciation of his past faithful andefficient i labors, and would now commend him to the keeping and the care of the Most High, and prays that the season of rest may prove an un mixed joy and blessing to them, and trusts that Divine Providence may see fit to restore him and his family to his flock to spend the re- j mainder of his days amidst proofs of the Divine favor, even greater than those so largely granted to him in the past." Mr. Tarlton enlarged in j graceful and felicitous terms upon the thoughts embodied in the resolution. I Mr. W. Bbcce seconded the proposition in a speech in which he referred to the establish- \ ment of the cause in North Adelaide by Mr. ' Jefferis, to_ the very great success which had | attended his labors, to the sincere sympathy and affection existing between the pastor and his people, and to the probability of Mr. Jefferis's return—a probability which, if conso- i nant with the will of God, he regarded as certain. The resolution was rarried by acclamation. j The Rev. J. Jefferis on rising, was greeted ] with very warm applause, and said:—l hardly : know what to say or how to speak in answer to , the strong expression of your feeling and your j love that has been made to-night. I have been i making vain efforts during the past few minutes to collect my thoughts and marahall them in order, so that when the time came for saying a few words of farewell I might speak distinctly and to the purpose ; but so much of feeling and emotion have come surging 04) over my soul that I have found it altogether impos- \ sible, and now that I am before you I know not I what to say or how to express my feelings; but still I may say that I thank you from the very j depths of my soul for this the highest ex- ; pression of your love and your confidence that I have had since I have been amongst you as your pastor. Eight years is not a great portion of a lifetime if it be lengthened to the threescore years and ten, but eight years is a great portion of a minister's career. In eight years how much j can be done, and what a vast deal can be left 1 undone! I came to you eight years ago in weakness, in fear, and in much trembling. Driven out by the inhospitable climate of the old countt y, because of weakness that I dared not entrust to the winters of England—broken down in hope, for I had been rudely severed from my people amongst whom I had just begun to minister, not even allowed to bid them fare well—fueling that my career had been suddenly stopped in the very outset, and that very dark and trying difficulties were before me;. but I set sail from England fully resolved, if God gave me the opportunity, that I would use those powers which He had given me for Him and to His service ; and before I entered the ministry, while yet a student, I made a compact with the partner of my life—the partner of the early years of my ministry—that if God gave us food to eat and clothes to wear we would never for sake the ministry. (Cheers.) It was with some what of these feelings that I came to this coun try, very depressed and disheartened, when I surveyed the field, for, although Me Bruce called the place where I ministered in England a Yorkshire village, it was as large as North Adelaide itself, and with this difference—that my church there was the only church there was not another within the entire circuit of it. But when I came to North Adelaide I found seven churches within the same population already actively at work, and I assure you my spirit sank within me when I thought of what I had to do; but feeling, as I always feel, that to minister to a much smaller number of souls in a new country lik« this carries with it the pos sibility of achieving a greater work than ministering to a far larger number in the old country—for now we are laying the foundations of society—the morality, the virtue, and the religion of it—and long years yet to come will bear the impress of our cha racter and our life. These were my thoughts, but God has enabled me to minister to a people larger in numbers than I could ever have ex pected in the old country. I think there is something in my temperament and character specially fitted for a new country. (Hear, hear.) I remember a very dear friend of mine in London—Mr. Charles Mudie, the world- known Librarian—saying to me, while yet a student, that I must not remain in the south of England, for my views were too broad and liberal, and that I needed to go into the breezy north, as he called it. At all events I have striven to keep pace with the thinkings and views of the new spirit which is ever awakening among the sons of men; and it is to this that I ascribe the success, if I may venture to use such a word —a word, though. I don't like—amongst tl:« young men to whom I have ministered. (Applause.) With them my sympathies have been strong and they will be; for, God helping me, the green ness of my youth—all the youthful feelings of it, at all events—will never pass away, even if He spare me to wear the hoary head in years to come. Ido thank yon all for the very kind and touching proofs which you have given me upon many occasions—proofs of your love and sympathy for me. You have borne with me in a good deal of weakness, and you have passed over forthe most part silently, and I thinkf orgivingly, much of my failure of duty. I have not done what I ought to have done as a pastor as well as a minister—partly it may be ascribed to the state of my health; for the early years I spent in the colony I was wholly unable to devote my energies to pastoral work. Still there is a good deal of that work which has been undone, and I look back very regretfully upon opportu nities now passed which cannot be recalled; ?ut if God bring me back to yon again it shall be my earnest desire, as it is my prayer, that this part of my duty shall be better fulfilled than ever. You have said a good deal to-night —those who have addressed yon—about the probabilities of my returning. Ido think all of yon who know me will be able to trust me. I promise you to-night, so far as God will give me clearness of judgment as well as troth of feeling, that I will never go before God's finger, bat always after it. (Applause.) So far as in clination leads me it will be to return, for it has been well said that I can never have the same feelings in ministering to a people as I have among you; for that people in Yorkshire, although I loved them sincerely, it was a love of only a few weeks' growth. I was only amongst them four months when I was driven away. I hardly knew my people as I know you; you I have known for years. Some of you have grown up from yonths into young men, and from maidens into wives and mothers. I have been with yon. at the most sacred en gagements of your life. I have sat at the death beds of your relatives and friends, and if I leave you I am sure I shall leave behind me a memory for acts that have been done like this. Ido pray God that He will not separate me from you, for of this I am certain—absolutely cer tain—that I shall never be so happy amongst another people as I have been with you. Brethren, bear me upon your hearts while I am away. Cleave to the Church; do not forsake it. Ido not ask you always to be present at its services; I have never asked you to do this while I have been your minister and while I have been with you; but I beseech you not to wander often, and never to tarry away long ; always return and let your delight in wor shipping God be your delight of worshipping Him here. And now I must say farewell, or rather let me nse the good old Saxon word— good-bye—God be with ye. May He be with yon when I am far away on the ocean, and when I shall have reached the mother land. May He be with yon in your joys and in your sorrows, aud if He should allot you before I return to lie on your deathbeds, may He be with you then ; for it is almost a certainty that some whom I am now addressing will see my face no more in the flesh. It might be spoken of as an. absolute certainty, calculating the probabilities of human life. See how many have departed within the last twelve months. I was with yon seven years, anil in the eighth year more died than during the whole previous seven. And what may be in the year that is coining? But Ido pray that those principles which I have endeavored, however feebly, to teach you from the pulpit above—those principles based upon the everlast ing Gospel, which alone can brighten our life in its greatest sorrow and deepest darkness, may be with you even at life's extre Jiity; and that not one of us who gather in this sanctuary on earth may be wanting at the last when we meet, as I hope we all shall meet, in the sanctuary above. My people—my well- beloved—l bid you farewell." After <""g*«g a hymn Mr. Jefferis offered prayer, and the meeting closed, Mr. Jefferis I chairing hands with the audience as they passed out. THE BAPTIST ASSOCIATION. The general meeting of the members and friends of the Baptist Association was held in the Baptist Church, Flinders-street, on Thurs day, October 10. The Rev. Silas Head pre sided. There was a considerable number of persons in attendance. The following is a list of the ministers and delegates present:— Adelaide—Flinders-street—Rev. S. Mead, and Messrs. W. K. Thomas, C. Birks, G. Doke, G. Collis, H. Kentish, S. Summers, J. Sorrell, J. Kentish, Barlow, EL Bowen, Ferguson, J. Moody, Reeves, and R. Harvey. Alberton—Rev. J. Price and delegates. Aldinga—Messrs. R. Powell and J. Bowering. Belair—Sir. Latter. Coromandel Valley—Mr. A. Murray, M.P. Gawler—Messrs. Sawle, W. Hobart, and W. FilselL Inglewood—Messrs. jChapman and Pitman. Kapunda—Rev. W? A. Claxton and Messrs. Stobie, Gates, Jackman, and Mellon Kenton Valley—Rev. H. L. Tuck. Lyndoch Valley—Rev. N. J. Hone and Mr. J. H. Williams. Magill—Rev. R. Parkin and Messrs. Barnes and Horton. Moonta—Rev. H. J. Lambert. Morphett Vale —Rev. D. Badger and Messrs. Bridgman and Poison. Mount Gambier—Rev. J. M. Day and Mr. Underwood. Salt Creek, South Rhine—Rpv. T. C. Baker. South Rhine—Rev. W. O. Ashton and Messrs. P. Howard and J. Vigar. Teatree Gully—Messrs. W. Wliitnioro smd Haines. Torrens Vale—Rev. J. L. Da vies. Tungkillo —Messrs. Fullard and Naismith. Uley—Mr. Twelvetrees. The proceedings having been initiated by a hymn being sung, a portion of Scripture read by the Rev. Silas Mead, and prayer offered by Mr. William Barker, of Mount Barker, The CHiifiMAH made a few prefatory re marks, in the course of which he intimated that having been requested by the Committee to read a short annual address, he had thought that it would be advisable to read it at the morning meeting that the friends present might have an opportunity of freely discussing the various views enunciated therein. Ha then read the annexed address:— " Dear Brethren and Friends —Without any strong feeling of hesitation I acceded to the request of your Committee to give the Chair man's address on this the fourth annual meeting of our Association. It has been a source of regret to me that recently my time has been so fully occupied as to leave me but little oppor tunity for maturely pondering over the subject which is to engage our thoughts this morning. I hope it will not be deemed out of place if I here express my wish that whatever may be thought of this paper no one will think of its appearing in print. " It is no new subject which I have selected as the basis o u which to found some observations and suggestions. I indeed feel more and more the importance of the theme, which is that of 'Conversion.' I have not chosen this theme for the sake of giving you a discourse thereon, but rather that I may endeavor to set before you the principle which appears to me to be of para mount importance, viz., the malting conversion the exclusive basis of Church membership. It is not enough to have clear views of this sub ject ; they must be carried into practice. More over, it is sometimes necessary not only to hold the right theoty, but also to defend it; to de fend it by showing the unscriptoralness of that which is opposed1 to it. " This subject has an additional importance from what seems now to be the fact in this colony, that our Baptist Churches stand alone in the maintenance of this principle in all its integrity. There is bat too good ground for apprehending that some Churches which have been wont firmly to hold and carry out this principle are gradually departing from it. We much fear, also, that other Churches, whose theories may be sound, are yet in their practice sadly below the New Testament standard. Seeing, then, that we are now left apparently to stand almost alone in the belief and adoption of this axiomatic truth as the absolutely neces sary qualification for Church membership, does it not behove us to reconnoitre our position, and look well at our difficulties and prospects? As to the word conversion you will not need that I should attempt to give any definition of it. It may be enough to say that we here use the word to express the entire change of the heart, together with the corresponding alteration in the outward conduct. It is the turning of the heart from self and from Satan to Christ and to God. It is the relinquishing of a life of opposition to God for a life of loving obedience to Him. " In the production of this marvellous change we believe that the Divine Regenerator of the human heart, the Holy Spirit, works by means of the persuasive and enlightening truths of the GospeL To the sinful heart Jesus is revealed, and becomes at once a power of conviction and the supreme object of trust. With the soul's whole trust lovingly and livingly fixed on the crucified One, gladly does the renewed man at once take up his cross to follow the Lord. It seems impossible to doubt the fact that the Pauline epistles sent to various Churches were addressed to them as professedly composed of converted persons. - Paul speaks of these persons as the saints, the chosen, the enlightened, the saved, the redeemed, as being in Christ. Such language is altogether inconsistent with the idea that the membership of these Churches was of an indiscriminate character. So far as Christian enlightenment and discernment could go these persons were believed to be at the time of thsir baptism truly converted. " We readily grant that wolves in sheep's clothing appeared in these Churches. There is no evidence that the Apostles and first Evan gelists possessed infallibility in the discernment of character. They were, indeed, quick to notice such signs, as clearly evinced that pro fessors were destitute of the one thing needful Illustrations of this are to be found in the cases of Ananias and Sapphira, as well as of Simon Magus. These very exceptions prove the rule. The Apostles did not knowingly recognise any as bona fide members of the Church except such as gave evidence of real conversion. "Then, further, the inherent constitution of a Church, as implying a body of saints of saved ones, shows how an entirely foreign element is introduced when an unconverted person becomes a member of the Church. There is no possi bility of our grafting a seul dead to Christ into the living olive tree of the Church. Tb& graft may appear carefully fitted in its place, it may be seen to have been stuck on, bat it is dead nevertheless, and will ever remain so, unless the Spirit of God breathe into it the breath of life. As the Church is Christ's, it should be composed of those who through faith are Christ's people—Christ's dis«ipl«f—and of none else. " Further, it may be pointed out that the two positive ordinances of Christ, baptism, and the Supper, show how that for any, except converted persons, to submit to the one or participate in the other, is nothing less than a mockery and a delusion. The initiatory ordinance of baptism declares that the person immersed professes to have been washed from all sin in the blood of Jesus—professes to have died unto sin, and to have risen unto righteousness, whilst the participation in the Supper testifies to our union with Christ as resulting from our faith in His sacrificial death. It is a prostitution of these solemn and precious ordinances when per sons take part in them who have rot experienced a true change of heart. " Such are in brief, some of the weighty con siderations which constrain us to hold fast the principle that the Lord's Church is exclusively for the Lord's people. We believe that this principle lay at the basis of all apostolic teaching and practice. It is the key which alone unlocks the many complications, which* otherwise meet us in New Testament Church History. " Episcopalian, as well as some other writers, are very apt to refer in defence of their practice to the parable of the tares and wheat. They readily quote the words, 'Let both grow to gether until the harvest.' It is easy to quote passages from the parables to prove almost any thing. As to the special parable referred to, it should be observed that the Saviour himself explains 'the field' to mean net the Church, bnt 'the world;' and, therefore, no argument can be founded herein as to the constitution of a Christian Church. We, however, know the voice which spake ' Come out from among them, and be ye separate.' " Apart from the quotation of Scripture pas sages it may be asked, on what grounds do others advocat" this laxity in the admission of mem bers to Churches ? "JL We much fear that one principle lying at the root of this laxity is simply worldly expedi ency. Ido not mean that this is openly ac knowledged, or perhaps consciously and inten tionally acted upon; but it may be, notwith standing, the real principle upon which much Church action is based. The fact is this is a temptation constantly besetting all Churches, even when the thing is eschewed and really hated. We have no doubt that the implicit adoption of this worldly-expediency principle in the admission of unconverted persons to full membership in the Churches is the real explana tion of not a little of the worldliness of many Churches. "2. Another strong motive power at work leading to this looseness in admitting persons to the privileges of Church fellowship is the ambi- j tion to see Churches increased in numbers. It \ is perfectly right to desire increase in our j Churches. We cannot have this desire too j strong, provided it be under the controlling in fluence of this principle of Christ's Holy Gospel; provided also that the supreme aim be the glory of God. But this holy desire may ' come i down,' may degenerate into a mere selfish wish j to see our roll of Church membership enlarged, because it will bring happiness or honor to our selves. Hence this becomes a most insiduous danger. In nothing do we more need the gra- ; cious guidance of the Holy Spirit than in having, j maintaining and working out the desire for in- i creased usefulness. What a host of things are I done on the plea of usefulness, which are utterly foreign to and unworthy of the Holy Gospel of Jesus! "3. There are persons attending in most con gregations whose outward character is very com mendable—persons who are amiable in their dispositions, gentle in their deportment, truth ful in their speech, upright in their general character —nay more, they may display much regard to the outward ordinances of God's house, and may have many sincere wishes to be true disciples of Christ. But they are unregen rate in heart. If specious pleas are used to per suade them to apply for Church membership in many cases they would readily yield compliance to the persuasive appeals. " I believe the chief danger with respect to laxity in the admission of members to our Churches relates to this class. Some openly advocate the admission of such amiable and moral persons to our Churches. The plea is 'we cannot discern the heart.' The conclusion is, 'therefore they may be Christians.' The consequent action is expressed thus, 'let us open more widely the doors of the Church. 9 " Such are our dangers. It is important that we should be on our guard. Let us endeavor to open the door of the Church just as widely as the Master has opened it. Never more than at the present moment has it been our impera tive duty simply to abide by the Saviour's laws. Specific details He has not given us in His law- j book, the New Testament, but clear and wide extending principles He has supplied to us. One of its bright and beautiful principles is that Christ's Church is solely for Christ's disciples. "May all our Churches clearly, holy, and faithfully maintain this law of our Lord and King." Some discussion followed this address, which we are obliged to omit. In the afternoon Mr. C. H. Goode read the animal report, as subjoined:— "On behalf of the Committee, the Secre taries now lay before you this, the fourth annual report. It is, we think, a fact which should awaken gratitude that the Society has maintained its existence for four years. These ' years have been years of comparative feebleness, ' yet have they been years of prayer, years of work, years of harmonious co-operation on the part of those who have shared in the work. Your Committee has been largely composed of the same persons from the beginning. No jar has occurred in any of the Committee meetings of these four years. We speak of this not boastfully, but to elicit gratitude to Hun whose love has thus constrained us to work in har mony. May such harmony long continue. "Whilst we fcankfully reflect on the una nimity and earnest interest in the work which has for so long characterised the Committee, it is a point worthy of consideration whether it be not advisable to reorganise the Committee, so as to place so far as possible new names on the list. It is also a question whether some alteration is not needed in the «ran«l nomination of the Committee. We mention this Tby way of sug gestion. "We hope it can be said with truth that the Association has never been so strong as at the present time. We have also good reason for believing that a very general and lively interest in its prosperity is felt throughout the denomi nation. Perfect union we have not, nor do we expect to have it whilst Christians are so im perfectly under the sway of the truth and love which is in Christ Jesus. For a more perfect onion we earnestly long and pray. , "Itisonlyfourandahalfmonthssmcethehalf- i yearly report was presented at Kapunda. There has not been much in the history of the Churches during these few months which demands any special notice in this report. Moreover detailed reports from the several Churches have been already presented to yon, and an epitome of these will be given at this evening's meeting. "Two new Churches, having but a small number of members in each, have been formed at Aldinga and Mount Pleasant. Special diffi culties surround both these Churches, but we trust that in due time, the rough way may be made smooth. "Gawler still continues without a settled minister. A few weeks ago it was hoped that a valued brother from one of the colonies would have been inclined to Tiave come over to take the pastorate of this Church. We have, how ever, experienced another disappointment with regard to the hope cherished. We cannot but think that the Lord will soon send a suitable minister to labor in this important sphere. With all the drawbacks to which this cause has been subjected, the congregations have can tinned good, and there have been signs of Jehovah's blessing. " What may be regarded as an almost new cause, has been established at Inglewood. Here, too, the interest recently displayed in the hearing of the Word preached, has been encou raging. Here we hope to see a chapel erected before another year shall have passed away. " In several of the Churches there have been very cheering signs of the Lord's blessing upon the efforts put forth to win souls to Christ. Some of the Churches are thus able to rejoice in the manifest evidence that God's work is pros pering among them. " We would that all the Churches were in this happy position. Some, however, have to mourn over a paralysing lukewarmness. Strongly do we feel - the need for all our Churches to be stirred up to more zeal in the attainment of a higher personal holiness, and to a spirit-begetten enthusiasm for the salvation of the unsaved. May God graciously grant that the Churches may, in the true sens* of the word, be revived. " In the last annual report the hope was ex pressed that a minister might, 'at no very distant period, be found settled at South Rhine and Eden Valley.' We are grateful that this hope has been realised in Mr. Ashton's entrance upon pastoral duties there. It is with much confidence that the Committee look upon the solemn engagement which has there been under taken. "Soon after the half-yearly meeting, Mr. John N. Birks, of Moonta, made application to the Committee to be accepted as a student for the ministry. The very satisfactory testimony that was borne to Mr. Birks's earnestness in Christian labors, and to his acceptableness as a preacher, induced the Committee to accede to the request made. It is hoped and believed that future results will show that Mr. Birks and the Committee have been divinely guided in this step. Mr. Birks commenced his studies on the first of last month. " We are glad to report the laying of the foundation stone of a new chapel at Morphett Vale, also that some steps have been taken towards the erection of chapels at Tarlee and Stockport. "It is a cause of anxiety to us that our Treasurer will have to report a considerable deficiency. The friends should bear in mind that this means a narrowing of our spheres of operations. This we cannot, must not—and, shall we not say, will not—Bubinit to. The present depression in trade may prevent us extending so rapidly, bat it ought not to prevent a more gradual extension. We hope that the claims of the Association for pecuniary help will not be reckoned last and least. Mr. J. SIOTH read the balance-sheet, from which it appeared that the year was commenced with a balance in hand of £39 6s. sd. The re ceipts had amounted to £323 14s. 3d., and the expenditure to £342165. 6d., leaving a balance of £20 4s. 2d., with liabilities to the extent of £9055.2d. ; The Rev. W. A- Claxtoh' moved—"Thatthe following gentlemen be the officers for the en suing year:—Treasurer, Mr. Jas. Smith; Minute Secretary, Mr. C. EL Goode; Corresponding Secretary, Rev. S. Mead. Committee—Revs. W. A. Claxton, J. Price, R. Parkin, Messrs. T. Barnes, James Whiting, A. S. NeilLG. Fowler, W. K. Thomas, G. Shaw, Alex. Murray, J. White, Jas. Camming, J. Darling, J. A. Holden." Mr. Wv. Barker seconded, and the proposi tion was carried. Mr. W. K. Thomas proposed that a half-yearly meeting be held. The Rev. H. J. Lambert having seconded, the proposition was carried, and it was decided that the meeting should be held at Salt Creek. Evening Meetings. At 5 o'clock a tea meeting' took place, and was largely attended. A public meeting fol lowed, at which the number present was also great, the church being nearly filled. The chair was occupied by Mr. C. H. Goode. THE WESLEYAN DISTRICT MEETING. The annual district meeting of the Wesleyan Methodist Church in South Australia com menced its sittings in the Lecture Hall, Pirie street, on Tuesday, October 13. The Chairman of the District (the Rev. John Watsford) opened the. meeting by giving out a hymn, which being sung, the Revs. M. Wilson and J. G. Millard engaged in prayer. The roll was then called, and the Rcvb. Samuel Knight and James V. Simpson, who had arrived in the colony during the year, were introduced by the Chairman, and cordially received bv the meet ing. The Bev. J. G. Millard was elected Secre tary of the District, and, on his nomination, the Revs. C. H. Goldsmith and EL T. Burgess were appointed Assistant Secretaries. On the motion of the Secretary, the unanimous thanks of the meeting were tendered to the Rev. R. C. Flockart for his able services as Secretary during the past year. After sundry pre liminary arrangements had been nn>^ p the usual examination of character was conducted by the Chairman in the form of a series of questions relating to tbe moral character, doctrinal views, and abilities of the ministers severally. On the first day of the meeting the ministers were entertained at dinner in the schoolroom by the ministers residing in Adelaide. On the follow ing evening Mr. and Mrs. Colton invited the members of the meeting and a, number of friends to tea, also in the schoolroom. A large company assembled at about 6 o'clock and partook of the handsome hospitality provided. PUBLIC MEETING. At 7 o'clock the same evening (Wednesday, 16th), a public meeting was held in the Lecture Hall to hear from the country ministers an ac . count of the state and progress of the Churches under their care. The hall was crowded to overflowing. After singing and prayer, the Chairman of the District opened the business bv stating the object of the meeting, and re maiking that the past year had been one of great prosperity, in which the town as well as country Circuits had shared. There were 4,663 Church members in the district, being an increase of 16L There were also 924 on trial for membership. He then called on the Rev. W. S. Worth, of Kooringa, who stated that they had suffered in the Kooringa Circuit from the re moval of considerable numbers, and from the general depression caused by the stoppage of the mine, yet they had great cause for thank fulness in the prosperity they had enjoyed during the year. At Kooringa and at Canowie they had had revivals of religion, which had greatly cheered them. Sixty-nine persons had been received on trial The Bev. C EL Gold smith gave a most interesting account of a re vival which had spread throughout the Mount Barker Circuit. He believed that upwards of 200 persons had embraced religion, although all had not joined the Wesleyan Church. The Bev. T. Lloyd described a similar work in the Gav/ler Circuit, enteiing into details both striking and pleasing. Other testimonies to the same effect, and all of a deeply interesting character, were given by the Revs. H. T. Burgess, EL Bath, W. M. Bennett, T. Edmeades, C. T. Newman, and J. Haslaui. At the conclusion of these addresses the 1 olio wing resolution was unanimously adopted:—" That this meeting having heard with pleasure the various statements relative to the work of God amongst us in this colony, glorifies God for the gracious revival which has been realised, and hereby resolves to help for ward the Church Extension Fond to its utmost ability. 9' Thubsday, October 19.—The first reading of the Stations was completed after considerable discussion. Additional ministers were requested for Adelaide Ist, Gawler, and Mount Barker. On Friday, two young men were presented as candidates for the ministry, and went through the usual examinations, which occupied the whole of the forenoon. Reports of their ser mons were given by those appointed to hear them. One of the candidates was unanimously recommended to the Conference on condition that he have a year's training. The trial ser mons of the ministers on probation were also reported on; tlieir annual examination was conducted in writing. Under the question " Whom do we appoint Representative at the ensuing Conference ?" the election resulted in the appointment of the Rev. R, C. Flockart. The Rev. Thomas Lloyd was also appointed to accompany the Chairman and Representative. The Revs. Knight, Patcuell, Bennett, and Burgess asked permission to attend the Con ference, which was granted. THE FINANCIAL DISTRICT MEETING. This meeting is composed of the Ministers and Circuit Stewards. During the single day allotted for its sittings a large amount of busi ness has to be transacted, and the various funds of the Connexion passed under review. The following gentlemen were present from various Circuits: —Messrs. Colton, M.P., J. Scott, Mitchell, Gault, Rhodes, Forgie, Levett, Barclay, Carr, M.P., Nock, Lane, Howard, Pope, Sunter, Dowty, Gribble, Mansfield, Burgess, Dufty, and TurreL The Chairman said he was glad to see so many office-bearers present. He rejoiced that they had not to mourn over the inefficiency of their system. They did not, however, cry "The temple of the Lord are we," for they did not claim to have the only true test of Church membership. He had no doubt that the business of the day would be gone through harmoniously, and that they should have a good meeting. Under the head of Church Property, it was shown that there are 133 chapels, being an increase of nine, and eight in course of erection. The total cost of chapels and ministers' houses has been £106,575. The cost of new erections and en largements during the year has been £8,323. Mr. Colton called attention to the gratifying fact that although there had been so large an expen diture, the total debt had increased only about £2,000. All the cases of new erections were carefully enquired into to ascertain how far the Conference rules had been observed. Sanction was given for the erection of nine new chapels and two residences. The income of the Church Extension Fund was about £600, being a larger amount than had before been raised for the funds. The connexional funds were also shown to be in a satisfactory condition. Me James Scott pointed out the necessity of a large aug mentation of the Worn-out Ministers and Widows' Fund, as he considered the present allowances made from the fund utterly inade quate. The members of the Connexional Com mittees are the ministers in full connexion, and an equal number of laymen. The following were .nominated by ballot to act on the Com mittees for 1868:—Messrs. L. Roach, James Scott, J. Carr, M.P., J. Colton, M.P., D. Nock, J. B. Hack, ~W. G. Coombs, E. Sunter, T. W. Mitchell, G. Sara, Lane. T. Paduian, M. Kingsborougb, J. Jolly, W. Scott, T. Stephens, and G. W. Cotton. The Ministers and Circuit Stewards of the three Adelaide Circuits were reappointed the Chapel Building Committee. The report of the Loan F-ind Committee was brought up, showing that the sum of £700 was available for the year, and the following grants were made:—Draper Memorial Church, £300; old chapel, Gawler, £200; Port Lincoln, £100; Currency Creek, £100. The report of the book depot was also brought up, from which it appeared that the depot is in a safe and prosperous state. The sales for the year had Keen £1,682,.and the pro fits about £135. The affairs of the College came under review, and an animated discussion took place on educational matters generally. It was resolved that the Conference be requested to hand over the amount raised in the district for the Theological Institution, that it may be used far the purpose .for which it was subscribed in connection with the college in course of erec tion at Kent Town. The total amount raised for the various funds daring the year is about £17,900. Wednesday, 23.—The report of the Magazine was presented by the editor and approved. The circulation is over 2,500. The cordial thanks of the meeting were tendered to the Rev. Mr. Flockart for his services as editor, and in anti cipation of his removal to another circuit the Revs. G. W. -Patchell and Alfred Bigg were appointed editors. The third reading of the stations was passed on Thursday morning. Several schemes relating to the proposed alte ration of the present plan of the Australasian Conference having been submitted to the meeting for consideration, it was resolved that in the opinion of the meeting there exists no sufficient reason for such serious changes as those proposed. In view of the probable re moval of the Rev. R. C, Flockart from the colony, a resolution was unanimously agreed to, expressing the high estimation in which Mr. Flockart is held !>y his brethren, on account o his personal worth and the eminent services he has rendered to the Church of Christ in this colony for the last IS years. At the close of the business the " Liverpool Minutes" were read, and the ministers partook together of the Sacrament of the Lord's Supper. WESLEYAN JUBILEE CHURCH. The laying of the foundation-stone of the transept of the Kent Town Wesleyan Jubilee Church, which it is intended to use for some time as a schoolroom, took place on Monday evening, October 7. The ceremony was commenced shortly after 5 o'clock by the Rev. S. Knight giving out the hymn, beginning " Behold the sure foundation laid," after which prayer was offered, and the 84th Psalm was read by the Rev. J. Y. Simpson. The Rer. Mr. Knight then read the annexed address to Mrs. T. G. Waterhouse, who subse quently laid the stone :— " Madam—The Trustees and Committee of Kent Town Wesleyan Church viewing tbe earnest and continuous interest that yoa bare (in conjunction with our esteemed Mr. Water house) manifested in the progress and develop ment of this congregation, deem themselves under pleasing obligation to show some nazk of their appreciation and esteem, both of tbe private virtues and public spirit, of which they have received many {tokens. They unitedly desire you to accept the accompanying trowel as a small expression of their reg|?ect and affection, and pray that the rich benediction of God may rest upon you and your household now and eser inore. — With much respect we aie, dear Madam, yours faithfully, (Signed for and on behalf of the Committee). " M. Kincsbobough. " W. Rhodes." After the stone had lieen duly adjusted, lbs. Waterhouse was handed a most beanlifuuy made trowel, the workmanship of Mr. Wcndt, bearing the following inscription :— " The Kent Town Wesleyan Church, Adelaide, to our much beloved and munificent friend, Mrs. T. G. Waterhousc, in commemoration of October 7, 1807." Mrs. Waterhouse having spread the mortar, declared the stone laid in the nun of the Father, the Son, and the Holy Ghost Underneath the stone was placed a bottle con taining copies of the Adrertiter, Register, SotA Australian Wesley an Jtfagaziitc, Yictoriam Wirs- UyaM Clyronidc, the minutes of the last Wes leyan Conference, and a document of which tbe subjoined is a copy:— "The foundation-stone of the transept vats laid by Mrs. T. G. Waterhouse on the 7th day of October, in the year of our Lord 1867, being the 30th year of the reign of Her Most Gnraoss Majesty Queen Victoria, Sir Doininick Daly being the Governor of the province ; the fiev. EL EL Gaud President of the Australasian. Wesleyan Methodist Conference; the Rev. John Watsford being Chairman of the South Australian District; Revs. S. Knight and J. Y. Simpson, Ministers of the Third Adelaide Cir cuit; R. N. Gault and W. Rhodes, BsqrEL, Circuit Stewards; Messrs. Wright and Woods, architects ; C, Pitman, contractor ; and M«pg|?, Kingsborough, Rhodes, W. C'.arke, Colton, Bilney, Watsford, Ballantyne, Gault. Gogs, Padman, Sharland, andTapley, Trustees. An excellent address by the Rev, J. G. Bill iard followed, and in the evening a tea and public meeting. PIRIE-STREET WESLEYAN CHURCH. The services attendant upon the anniversary of the Pine-street Church were commenced n Sunday, October 20. In the morning the Rev. Thomas Lloyd, of Gawler, preached, and dis coursed vpon the words contained in Isaiah ivL 7. The service in the evening was con ducted by the Bev. G. W. PatcheU, of Wal laroo, who selected as the subject of his sermon the 20th and 21st verses of the 33rd chapter of Isaiah. The attendance at each service was large, and the collections realised about £30. On Monday evening the services were con tinued, when a. tea meeting, followed by a. p*H«** meeting, was held. They were both^weH attended, and the latter was presided orcr by Mr. John Colton, M.P. The proceedings having been commenced by a hymn being sung, and prayer offered by the Rev. Alfred Bigg, Mr. L. Roach read the financial report, from which it appeared that the receipts during tbe past year had amounted to £040 2s. SHL, and the expenditure to £700, the total liability on the Church property being £3,31'*. SOUTH AUSTRALIAN" AUXILIARY BIBLE SOCIErr. On Friday, a conference of the Central Com mittee of the above Society, together with. delegates from the country branches took place in the Masonic Hall, White's Rooms, the object of the meeting being a friendly interchange of opinions respecting the dissatisfaction which bas recently been shown with regard to the alleged extravagant expenditure of the funds collected in this colony. There was a large attendance— about 60 gentlemen, ministers, and laymen, re presenting most of the branches in the colony. Mr. N. Bltth was voted to the chair, and opened the meeting in the usual way. A brief discussion ensued as to whetherrejae sentativesof the pres should be allowed to attend, when it was resolved that it was de sirable that reporters should be admitted. There were three subjects submitted for con ference, viz.. Dr. Tucker's salary, Mr. Phflfipfa salary, and the position of the Mount H«Aw branch. DR-TUCKER'S SALARY. Mr. Hannaford, of Mount Barker. moved—"That this meeting lieing tbe Committee of the South Australian Auxil iary and delegates of the various branches of the British and Foreign Bible Society are of opinion that a permanent agent in the Australian colonies is not necessary, and that the benefit derived is not commensurate with the outlay, and would respectfully urge upon the Parent Society the inexpediency of such agent being retained at such outlay." He said the reason the Mqjurt Barker Branca bad taken action in this matter was simply this. Very great dissatisfaction had been felt in their district for some time in conse quence of the high salary, £600 or £700. paid to Dr. Tucker. Last year the Committee there passed a resolution to the effect that Dt Tucker's services were not equivalent to tbe amount he was receiving; but in reply to tins the Mount Barker Branch received a reply from the Adelaide Committee showing how Dr. Tucker was employed, and expressing a none that the Mount Barker Branch would be satis fied with this explanation. On going into tbe report it was found that Dr. Tucker received £600 salary and £215 travelling expenses, and at though Dr. Tucker said at the Port that thil was false, he asked whether or not they were to believe the printed report of the Society. Seeing this, and observing also that the Adelaide Com mittee added £100 to Mr. Phillips's salary, tbe Mount Barker Branch thought it necessary to make a bold stand. They accordingly passedane solution, and forwarded a protest to the several branches for signature, and had received about eight signatures to the protest. He brought forward this resolution because he thought it ? waste of money to pay Dr. Tucker £000 a. year. and £215 travelling expenses, besides £390 to the Secretary (Mr. Phillips), out of about £1,700 collected, thus leaving only about £700 for the legitimate object for which it was raised. At the Port Dr. Tucker had sought to refute this by saying that £450 was not too much fora. man of zeal and ability engaged in this cause, but it would have been fairer had he told the meeting that that £450 was exclusive of rent. He should like to know what the rent was, and also what his travelling, expenses really were. He wished to know also how many of the branches throughout the colony did Dr. Tucker visit last year. He did not come to Mount Barker, although that place was between Gumeracha and Stratualbyn, which "[places be did visit. And again, he asked whether tbe agent had gone beyond the branches in South Australia. Had he gone to die Blinman and Yudanamutana, where at visit bom him would have been a great benefit. He found rather that Mr. Tucker bad not visited all the branches, and that he bad done nothing beyond them, and yet be told them that £450 was not too much for his zeal in the cause. He mooted these questions, because the attack had been made and expres sions used at the Port which were unbecoming a Christian minister. His branch had brought this matter forward as a point of duty, because they felt that if they asked a poor widow for a subsciiption and she had only 6d., but gave that in order to send a Bible to her son who was ploughing the deep, they must tell her that 3d. of her Cd. would go to pay Dr. TockerTs Balary and Id. to pay Mr. Phillips's. (Dt Tucker—"Nonsense; is that the way you talk?" and order.) He contended that they should know what the money was really col lected for. If it was to pay salaries let them know that, but if it was for the purposes Bible Society let it be devoted to that purpose. At present he thought they were gathering money under false pretences. They bad been, told that the Parent Society paid this, but be thought that was a distinction without a differ ence. He concluded by again reading fhe motion which he proposed. Mr. John DaWexns seconded, and he did so simply because he thought the expenses con nected with this Auxiliary of the Bible Society were exceedingly large, and it was only lately that the public had wakeced up to a knowledge of tbe fact In proof of this he ■wished to say that he had arrived at the con clusion that only 30 per cent, of the money collected in this colony was devoted to Bible work. (Oh!) He found by collecting figures from the reports for the past four years that about 65 per cent, of the money received in Adelaide by the Secretary was remitted to tbe Parent Society. The half of that according to the report of 18G6, with the exception of travel ling expenses to deputations and a few other - matters, was paid to Dr. Tucker; so that only 30 per cent, of the donations was devoted to Bible work. He as a delegate of the Gawler River Branch had felt an interest in ttu? matter for years, and he thought the time bad now come when the expenses of the agent of the Parent Society and all other expenses should be narrowed down to the smallest pos sible item. (Hear, hear.) The Rev. J. E. Febguson wished to more an amendment as follows:—"That this meet ing does not consider that the question of Dc. Tucker's salary is a question which is within the province of this Auxiliary to entertain, inasmuch as the Parent Society determines the noiaT^M. of their own agents according to lbs matured judgment of their respective spheres.™1 (Hear, hear.) He rather thought that bis Mends were under a misapprehension as to tbe real nature of tbe British and Foreign Bible Society. They aiguedas if that Society was commensurate with the Auxiliary of South Australia. The British and Foieign Biblo Society, however, was recognised as a Society for circulating the Scriptures throughout tbe entire world, and accordingly they appointed agents in all parts of the world to further its objects. In some parts of the world the work of the agent was simply that of Bible tircula tion; in other parts his work was the collection of free contributions in addition to circulation of the Scriptures, The question with respect o Dr. Tanker was therefore limply one of companion between his position and salary and the position and salary of other •gents in other parts of the world. That he thought was the proper point of view from which to regard this question. Upon an inves tigation of the report from which their Mount Barker friends hid drawn these facts, any one sould see that there were agents in other parts who were receiving greatly more of incoraa in one way and another than Dr. Tucker. Looking at this question in this point of view, he found from the report that the agency ex penses in Australia were £996 15s. 6d. ; in Mexico, £1,027 19s. Sd. ; in South America, £2,669'; in Spain and Portugal, £2,048; in Italy, £3,070; and in Turkey, £4,31G. These six instances would suffice to show how far the agency expenses in other parts of the world ex ceeded those in Australia. To consider the question aright they must also compare the respective outlay of the Parent Society iu main taining agencies in various parts of the world. From Australia, he found that there was returned in the form of free contributions, £1,735; and on purchase account, £2,733 7s. ; total, £3,468 7s. ; whilst from Mexico there was returned nothing in tho shape of free contributions and on purchase account only £670 17s. 6iL ; from South America, including the West Indies, there was returned nothing in tbe form of free contributions, and only £37 19s. Bd. on purchase account; from Spain and Portugal there, were no free contributions, and only £113 17s. on purchase account, and the total free contributions from all Europe amounted to only £225 4s. 24. Now, he asked whether the agency in Australia did not com pare immensely favorably with agencies in all parts of the world. (Hear, hear.) To regard the question simply as a question of Dr. Tucker's salary and the returns from Australia was altogether too narrow a view to take. (Hear, hear.) Tha Bible Society was of immense value in the evangelization of the world, and its prime object was the circulation of the Word of God. (Cheers.) Any one accustomed to peruse mis sionary reports, and accounts of the extension of the cause of Christ on the earth must know that without this Society missionary work would be greatly impeded, for where was there a Society in the world which with the same facility and proficiency could translate the Bible into various tongues ? Tbe object of the Society wan simply the circulation of the Bible, but if, in addition to this, the agents could obtain free contributions towards the accomplishuient of that object so much the better. He begged to move the amendment which he read. (Ap plause.) The Bev. Mr. Gabdneh seconded the amend ment, although he thought neither the amend ment nor the motion were questions which they could properly consider. They were not there to discuss whether this agency was suitable or otherwise, necessary or otherwise. That ques tion might be involved or flow from the motion they were called to discuss; but the question as to whether the agency now existing heie Bhould continue to exist or not was not before them. The question of salary was the only question before them; aud although he should be willing to take part in a discussion as to the present agency, he liked to adhere strictly to the busi ness which was be'ore them. The Chairman, in reply to Mr. Colton, said the amendment was most unquestionably an amendment on the motion. Mr. Ddffield, M.P., asked whether the resolution bore on the question they had been called together to consider. The question they had to consider was Dr. Tucker's salary, and he asked whether the resolution bore on that question at aIL The Chaibhan ruled that the motion and amendment were in order, as they certainly were within the subject-matter for considera tion that evening. Mr. J. Sanoland said he had nothing what ever to say against Dr. Tucker personally. (Hear,) lie believed a more suitable person could not be found—(hear, hear) —but the question was whether or not be was actually required here, or whether ministers in the colony could not be found to act as deputations to the country branches. He thought if they could dispense with the agent they could devote more money to the real objects of the Society. It was hard work to get subscriptions in now, and if they went on encouraging expenses the difficulty of collecting money for the Society would be increased. (Hear, hear.) The Rev. J. Ltall agreed with the amend ment as far as it went, but he did not think it went far enough. That Auxiliary, as he under stood it, was not responsible for the appoint ment of Dr. Tucker as agent of the British and Foreign Bible Society, and they had no control whatever iu the matter. (Hear.) He did not consider that the appointment of an agent for this Auxiliary was a necessity, as the work here was proceeding satisfactorily without him — (bear, hear) —but he thought it was a necessity in the other Australian colonies, where the work had becu in a very languishing state, but where, since the appointment of Dr. Tucker, increased interest bad been shown in the work. It was stated by Dr. Tucker the other night that when he took bis appointment the whole amount raised by the Australian colonies in the shape of free contributions was £1,000, whereas last year there was received £2,700. This was a result which was-exceedingly 6atisfactoiy. (Hear, hear.) Then they ought to remember that tbe collection of money was not the sole object, and not even the principal object of the agent, but that there was a far more im portant work to which he devoted him self. He bad been employed in visiting many of tbe outstations of Queensland and New South Wales which might not otherwise be overtaken by Christian men. He endea vored to promote amongst tbe people there, the circulation of the Word of God, and that was a matter of far greater importance to a Christian mind than tbe mere question of pounds, shil lings, and pence. (Cheers.) They must remem ber that Dr. Tucker's agency was not for this colony alone. Dr. Tucker knew this from the fact of this Auxiliary being in a flourishing state before his appointment, and perhaps he was guided by this fact, and thought it was not necessary to devote so much time to this Auxiliary as to those in tbe other colonies. (Applause.) As to the question of salary, he would not presume to put himself alongside Dr. Tucker in point of experience, zeal, or ability, but he would say simply on tbe mere question of remuneration that he wouldnot accept bis salary. (Applause.) For a position involving such an amount of labor and absence from one's family, it would not be £600 a-year, which would induce him to abandon his present position and enter upon the work of Dr. Tucker. There might be other considerations which would induce him, but the question of money would have no in fluence whatever. (Cheers.) Considering tbe amount of talent, zeal, and earnestness which Dr. Tucker threw into his work, he did not think the salary was a penny too much. (Hear, hear.) Kev. C. J. Evans, of Gawler, supported the amendment. The circular calling tbe meeting gave expression to the fact that dissatisfac tion was expressed in various branches in re ference to Dr. Tucker's appointment, and he had asked the question of the mover of the motion as to how many branches had signed the protest Bent out by the Mount Barker Branch, but he had not been able to ascertain. Mr. F. C. SMITH, of Mount Barker, said he had got eight protests, but he had received many other letters, stating that unless Dr. Tucker was dismissed —(strong expressions of disapprobation)—the branches would withdraw. The Rev. Mr. Evans said it was stated that dissatisfaction existed as to Dr. Tucker's salary, and most persons had seen the question in this aspect only. A strong impression had gone forth in consequence of the Mount Barker do cument, which had the appearance of being a fair statement. It gave references to page after page and challenged investigation, so that it threw people rather off their guard. He confessed that he was thrown off bis guard, and that he took it for granted that this statement was correct He confessed, however, that his impressions had undergone some modifications since he had looked into the actual state of the case, and he wished to make a brief statement respecting the Mount Barker document. It was stated in that document that comparatively little increase had been made in the donations and sale of books since Dr. Tucker's agency in these co lonies, and hence the inference was drawn that Dr. Tucker's salary was an unneces sary expenditure. Let them confine themselves to this pounds, shillings, and pence view, for it was here that they were likely to suffer most He foundby Unauthorised documents, published by tbe Committee, that during the first 15 years of tbe existence of this Auxiliary, previous to Dr. Tucker coming, the amount of money raised from the sale of Scriptures was £7,713 in the 15 years. During the 6 years since Dr. Tucker's arrival, taking List year's re port as the basis of calculation, £9,231 had been sent home for books, go that the amount raised in the 6 years was more than what was collected during the previous 15 years. Coming to free donations, he found that during the 15 years previous to Dr. Tucker's appointment they raised £2,700, and since bis coming they had col lected £3,000 being £900 more iu six years than was collected in the 15 previous years. He had recently had a conversation on this matter with a merchant, who wished to put it on a pounds, shilling!, and pence basis. He agreed, and he' pointed out how if the merchant wished to increase bis business he appointed an agent His business increased three times under tbe agent's care, and although the < agent's salary involved an expense of £800 or j £900 a year, he put it to him whether he was not a gainer by his business being increased ; three times. He would be a gainer by £900 or j £1,000 notwithstanding his having to pay the agent a large salary; and looking at the figures in this light he thought they would conclude that their Mount Barker friends had not been quite so careful as they might have been. He would not go into the moral aspect of the question, as it was a very large one. They would find, however, by the report that the brioches and auxiliaries in the different colonies were largely increased, and that they were getting into a more vigorous and healthy state. He did not think they could calculate the amount of good done in this respect by the agent and tbose who worked with him iu this portion of tbe world. With reference to the agency, he felt certain that no one in the room felt more anxious to relieve them of any burden on this Auxiliary than the gentleman whose name had been so unhappily, and he would almost say s* ungentlemAnly, referred to. (Cheers.) When he first received the Mount Barker document he felt that a principle was involved, but they had spoiled the matter by introducing personalities. (Hear, hear.) He believed Dr. Tucker felt that if gentlemen in this community would be prepared to undertake the work of deputations to the country branches, that he would be better employed perhaps in the other colonies in doing a wider and much needed work. Very great difficulty, however, was felt in getting persons to undertake this deputation work, and the difficulty would not be found less if Dr. Tucker wag withdrawn from the colony. (Hear, hear.) The Rev. Mr. Wilson, of Kadina, said the friends at that place had requested him to attend that meeting and hear all the information he could. They had passed a resolution bearing on the case as submitted to them by the Mount Barker Branch, but had resolved to withhold definite action until after this conference. (Hear, hear.) He was happy to say that he had quite altered his own opinion from what he had heard that day. Mr. Duffield. M.P., said he should vote against the amendment, because he thought it only fair to the Parent Society, to Dr. Tucker, and to the branches in the colony, that they should not separate without expressing' an opinion on the subject. He should also vote against the motion because, with due deference to the Chairman's opinion, he did not think it was in accordance with the business which they were called together to consider. He should have to vote against it also as bis own views did not coincide with it Neither the mover or seconder had brought forward a tittle of argu ment or evidence to support the resolution— (cheers) —and therefore he had neither argument nor evidence to refute. These gentlemen seemed to have been influenced solely by a pounds, shillings, and pence view, and had overlooked altogether the grand object which the Society had in view—the circulation of the word of Go 1 throughout the world. They had argued that because £1,700 were collected, and £600 given to Dr. Tucker, it was undesirable to continue this state of things, but if the Bible Society carried out this principle what would be the result ?—(hear, hear)— for many countries were not collecting a penny. The object of the Bible Society was not to collect money, but to circulate the Scriptures. (Hear, hear.) The Rev. W. B. Andrews sa d his sympathy was with the amendment, but he wished to re fer to some of the arguments used in support of it, which he thougnt might leave a feeling fes tering in the minds of some persons present. He thought the Bev. Mr. Ferguson made a little mistake in comparing the condition of Australia with other places, as if the work here was in any way analogous to the position of the work in Europe, in Mexico, and in America. He said the agency expenses there were large, and the receipts small, but ha thought this was to be expected, for in those places, the work was being done amongst heathenism or amidst the darkest forms of Roman Catholicism. Here, however, the work was established amongst a Christian people, who sought to promote the circulation of the Scriptures. (Hear, hear.) There was therefore a fallacy in that argument. Again, the Bev. Mr. Evans was wrong in comparing the amount collected since Dr. Tucker's arrival with that raised during the 15years previous; because the population had been increasing at an im mense ratio. He mentioned these matters, because he was afraid they might injure the cause which he wished to support. The real question they had to consider was whether the grand objects of the Bible Society were being promoted in these colonies by the labors and presence of Dr. Tucker. (Bear, hear.) He had a deep confidence that such was being done. (Cheers.) The Rev. Mr. Watsfobd should vote against the amendment, as he thought they bad met to express an opinion on the subject of Dr. Tucker's salary, a portion of which they paid. He was sorry that hard things had been said by persons who had spoken on this question. Whilst the object of the Bible Society was to circulate the Scriptures, they also had to collect subscriptions, and if people gave subscriptions they liked to know what became of their money, and they had a right to ask how it was expended. He could not vote either for the re solution, as he belwved a paid agent was neces sary for this colony, and he did not think £600 a year was any too much for a gentleman doing the work which Dr. Tucker did. (Cheers.) A general impression was abroad that the expenses connected with the working of this Society in this colony were very heavy indeed — not perhaps that Dr. Tucker's salary was too high, but that the expenses altogether were more than they ought to be. He wished to refer to the item travelling ex penses for deputations £120, which he thought was far too high. He saw that a gentleman travelled with Dr. Tucker last year, but he did not know what for. as he thought Dr. Tucker coulil advocate the cause of the Bible Society very well. During the year the Committee were called together to consider whether a gentleman should be sent to Sydney to assist the work there, and the Committee spoke out strongly that such expense should not be in curred. He was given to understand that some gentleman was accompanying Dr. Tucker this year whose expenses would be met liy the Society, but he really thought the funds should be economised as far as possible. (Cheers.) Whilst they were pleased to see gentlemen from the other colonies, he hoped some resolution would be passed to the effect that the expenses should be curtailed in every possible way. (Applause). Mr. Stephens believed it was a happy ar rangement for the Parent Society to send their ageut, for he believed this tended to do a great deal of good. He believed that the fruits of Mr. Beecber's visit to this colony were manifest to the present day, and it was the duty of all connected with this important work to "look at the thing fairly, and cut down expenses as closely as could be done consistent with success. The Mount Barker people were not so much in the dark as had been intimated, for they had acted sincerely with a view to devoting as much money to home work as possible, and they should give them credit for sincerity. (Hear, hear.) Mr. Arthtjb King said Mr. Watsf ord thought neither motion nor amendment came strictly under the subject which they were called to con sider, and then abnost immediately wandered off into the matter of deputations. The ex penses of deputations might require curtail ment, but he thought the only matter they had to deal with was whether Dr. Tucker's salary was adequate or inadequate. He believed the Mount Barker people had raised a shadow. They had brought up something which really did not exist, and they asked that meeting to grapple with it. On the 228th page of the report of the Home Society he found it stated that Dr. Tucker had visited each of the five colonies—New South Wales, South Australia, Victoria, Queensland, and Tasmania—which showed that his labors extended over a vast territory. (Hear, hear.) Not a word had been said to lead them to suppose that Dr. Tucker received more than £600, and. yet the whole argument of the opponents to Dr. Tucker's ministrations was that he received the whole of his salary from this colony. If, however, they would divide £600 by five, they would see that the proportion borne by this colony would not be much more than £100. He wished this point to he kept in mind. He attended a meeting of the Committee at Watervale, not being acquainted with the matter, but when h«.found that the Parent Society paid their agent and not the colonies, he thought it was verging on impertinence to interfere with the Home Society in this question. (Cheers.) It was said that it was a distinction without a difference, because their money was sent home and expended in the agent's salary, and they had aright to say something as to how it was spent. The question took a wider range than that. A general fund was formed for one grand object, and it was impossible out of that fund to identify the particular £600 as coming from this colony. (Hear, hear.) He had pleasure in supporting the amendment He trusted that these matters would not again arise, but that the country bra ches would repose confidence in the Adelaide Committee, for although these questions might be raised in a proper spirit, it was a wrong thing to do, as it only tended to sow the seeds of schism. (Applause.) The Rev. A. Eigg said they had not the slightest business with the question of the Aus tralian agency, and he had not the slightest dis position to interfere with Dr. Tucker's salary. He did not believe it was a. farthing too much, and he thought Dr. Tucker did as much as any one could have done. The real question, however, was whether or not it was necessary to have an agent for this colony, and the argu ments of the last speaker were altogether too onesided. It was not fair to take mere local subscriptions or expenses, because they had a cominou purse in this matter, aud whilst he had no fear of the suspension of the agency, he said they must not burke the question, and prevent it being ventilated. Although not denying the right of this colony to withdraw altogether, he stated that this would be a misfortune almost without a remedy, and urged the importance of the whole of the colonies working together. He did not therefore see the force of the reasoning that if they divided { £600 by 5 they would reach the propor-; tion which this colony bore of the expenses of the Society in Australia, whilst he admitted that it would be folly and inde corous, and altogether out of place for them to submit any such resolution as that the present agent should be dismissed. (Applause.) Yet he thought they were quite at liberty to represent that as agent for this colony was not wanted. The Mount Barker friends had a right to advocate the question as long as nothing intemperate was said, and he regretted anything which had savored of party Bpint, and hoped it would be forgotten. Mr. F. C. Smith said Mr. Ferguson had stated that £2,000 was spent in Spain and Portugal for agency purposes, but he could only make out that £490 was spent there, in cluding colportage. With respect to living expenses also, people could live as cheap here as in England, and yet Dr. Tucker got the highest salary of any officer under the Society. Mr. Evan? had instituted a comparison between the amounts received before and after Dr. Tucker's arrival, but he (Mr. Smith) pointed out that for four years before and After his arrival hardly any difference was seen, and for the past five yean ilia bee contributions had been almost stationary at £600, and two years before Dr. Tucker came they were £600; bo where was the advantage of his visitation? and seven yean before he came it was £614. The Rev. Mr. Evabs—What was it eight years before? Mr. Smith—lt was very low then, because numbers of persons were leaving the colony for the diggings. Ten years before the contribu tions amounted to £643, and the sales to £693 Is. 3d. ; and lastyearthere was only an advance of £26 Is. 6d. The issues 10 years ago amounted to 5,785, and last year they were 7,935. Where, then, was thegreatgood when the population had uvxeased more than doable? Then as to Dr. Tucker's figures. Dr. Tucker said the free contributions from the colonies only amounted to £L,OOO, whereas he saw by the report for £the year previous to his coining they amounted to £1,675, and the purchase account reached a sum of £1,981 9s. 7d. Last year there was shown an advaa-? of only £60 in eight years, so that the Parent Society were pay ing about £1,000 a year for the benefit of an addi tional £60. Dr. Tucker had said the total amount was £2,220; but he was anxious to know how he made that out. He found that in 1866 the total amount was £1,337 ; in 1865 it was £1,815; in 1861 it was £1,834; whilst ten years ago, four years before Dr. Tucker came, it was £1,675. Any gentlemen who doubted this could look at the reports and see whether the Christian men of Mount Barker spoke the truth or not. Dr. Tucker had complained that he (Sir. Smith) had spoken incorrectly about tra velling expenses, because he was home only one Sunday in five weeks. The report said—" Dur ing the winter months Dr. Tucker, not being able to travel, has paid special attention to the places around Sydney." Who was wrong? Vet Dr. Tucker complained of travelling expenses being thrown against him. Taking the purchase account for die year before Dr. Tucker came at about £2,000, and the account last year at £2,700, he contended that that increase was to be accounted for in the natural course of things by the additional population. Reference had been made to the expenses of three agents in Canada, but there the whole cost was about £350, including colportage. In fact, Dr. Tucker was paid higher than any other officer in the Society, and although Dr. Tucker might call all this rubbish he asked the meeting to examine the rubbish and see if it really was so or not Mr. James Peabce, of Kapunda. expressed regret at sarcastic and bitter remarks which bad been made during the discussion, and really thought, meeting as they did, that they should not bandy remarks backwards and forwards to each other. (Hear, hear.) Personally he was of opinion that for the services which Dr. Tucker renderd his salary was not a farthing too high, and with reference to Dr. Tucker himself, he felt that he was speaking for the whole colony when he said that his services were complete and equal to anything they could wish for. His opposition, therefore, did not apply to the gentleman himself, nor did he think that many supporters of the Society were likely to think his salary too high. He scarcely thought they were able to consider the question as to whether an agent was required for the whole Australian colonies, but they might express an opinion that a paid agent was not necessary for South Australia, because the people here tcok such a warm interest ia the Bible Society without the presence of an agent. It did not, however, necessarily follow that be cause an agent was not wanted here he was not required either in the other colonies. He thought, and he knew it was the opinion of many country Branches, that the interests of the Bible Society would be maintained without Dr. Tucker's services. (No, no, and hear, hear.) He spoke this only as his individual opinion, because the Kapunda people had wisely suspended their judgment. (Hear, hear.) He did not think they should look at the matter in relation to receipts and expenditure only, but should view it from the higher benefits which the country gained from the Bible Society. In the state of society here it was not necessary to incur expenses in colportage, and be thought the expense of agency here might be dispensed with and the money saved to the Parent Society for expenditure in heathen countries. He wished none of the expense of the agency to come on this colony, but if it was necessary that the other colonies should have an agent, perhaps South Australia, might incur the expense also of having him here once a year. He sincerely hoped, however, that no other expenses than were absolutely necessary would be incurred. Mr. J. S. Sanders thought they most support an agent in Australia, because it was necessary to have a recognised head of the Bible Society in this part of the world. He viewed the object of the Society as being other and grander than the mere collection of money, and he thought the presence of au agent did much to strengthen and establish the various Auxiliaries in this and the other colonies. It had been said that only 3U per cent, of the money raised was devoted to the work in view, but taking the free contribu tions and purchase account at nearly £5,000, and the total expenses at £1,074, he did not think that statement borne out. He thought the salary of £603 not any too high for a gentle man of zeal and education to travel throughout the colonies. A commercial traveller could not be obtained to do this for a much less salary. He thought the travelling ex penses £215 very moderate indeed, be cause commercial travellers were allowed £1 a day for travelling expenses, which showed that the agent got his tucker somewhere for nothing. (Laughter.) Mr. J.vs. Whiting did not speak as Secre tary of the Auxiliary, but he bore bis testi mony to the great value which Mr. Beecher's visit same years ago was to the interests of the Bible Society in the colony, and also stated how much'the attendance of Dr. Tucker in the various country districts teeded to excite an interest amongst the country branches in the operations of the Society. He believed if Dr. Tucker was withdrawn the Society would Jsink at once—(no, no, and cheers) —and therefore he urged them to pause before recommending the Parent Society to withdraw Dr. Tucker, who had done, and was doing a great work. He stated that the Auxiliary here had distributed Bibles to about two-thirds of the population of the colony, so that they could not expect the issues of the Society to keep up at their former "ratio. Mr. T. O. Jones, of Gawler, thought they had nothing to do with the appointment of an agent for these colonies, and if the agent of the Parent Society was allowed to visit South Australia he thought they should pass a vote of thanks to the Parent Society rather than do anything to prevent his coming. He hoped the friends from Mount Barker were more en lightened, and he was considerably pained that this discussion had arisen, because such conten tions as this were likely to injure the noble Society which they all wished to support, and deter persons from subscribing towards it who would otherwise do so. In a Christian country like this it was not to be expected that an agent would sell so many additional Bibles as would pay for his expenses ; and he again asked them not to view it in this light, but to look at it in the light of the great good which Dr. Tucker did ia his visits to this colony, which visits were highly appreciated. Mr. J. Oolton, M.P., was not disposed to think that an agent in this colony was a very great advantage, although he was'glad to see Dr. Tucker here, and knew his services were highly valued. He did not think Dr. Tucker was too highly paid, and if they decided on re taining an agent he thought a more suitable man could not be found than he was. (Cheers.) He believed good would arise out of this matter, and if the Mount Barker people thought there were abuses and extravagances which needed remedying, they had a perfect right to express .their opinions as long as they did not indulge in personalities. He hoped, however, that that meeting would enable them to see more fully eye to eye, and, at any rate, Dr. Tucker and the Parent Society would be assured that the expen diture of the Society was very narrowly watched here. He trusted that those matters would not occur again. He should vote against the motion and the amendment. The Rev. Dr. Tucker was warmly cheered. He said he was waiving his own personal feelings in rising to speak, either on the motion or ainendmeut Being mixed up in the whole matter he would much have preferred that the question of his employment and salary could have been dismissed at once, so that he might at once have entered thoroughly into the ques tion of agency for these colonies, and the sub sequent questions which would come on. It was only the form in which those resolutions had been placed on the-table which had kept him silent, while so much which was erroneous hod been stated. He requested them to throw aside the motion altogether on two grounds. First, because it was not respectful to the Parent Society. They alone could deter mine what of their funds they should expend, and how many agents they should employ, and he submitted with great resjiect that although unintentional, they would be offering a real insult to the Parent Society by entertaining the motion. His second ground was that that meeting was incompetent to deal with the question respecting the agency in the whole of the Australian colonies, besides which it was not respectful to the neighboring colonies either. They might do what they liked respect ing the agency in this colony, but touching the question of theagency of the whole of the coloiiies, he submitted that all the color ies must be con salted. (Hear, hear.) Besides this he would go a little further, and say that the motion was contrary to fact, as any one would see j who chose to look at figures and consider the question. If an agent was necessary for Bible work in any part of the world, he was prepared to show that there was no part of this earth where such a work as he had been sus taining for six years was more necessary than amongst the scattered free selectors of New South Wales, whore ignorance prevailed, and where young bushrangers were springing up. He could take them to the neighborhood of Orange and Braidwood and show them families amongst whom he had five men labor ing, and yet for it to be said that there was no need for an agent to establish fresh auiili fu-ies and superintend the branches already formed was one of the most startling announce ments that he could have conceived any enlightened mind would have entertained. (Cheers.) He had to establish the fact that an agent was needed, and he was not pleading for himself, but for his Society. Now there were 146 branch societies, each having their own Committees employed. He could touch the telegraph wire and communicate with 15,000 or 16,000 persons, all doing Bible work. How was it all these were strung together? How was it that there was this complete organization throughout the colonies if he had not been doing something ? Then again, it had been sail that the deputations had been too expensive. That was a question altogether apart from the point in hand, and he should not mix it up at present. He wished to address himself to the fact that an. agent was wanted. He bad just come down bom Queensland, and when at Rockhampton he looked up to Cape York, and asked what ministers were there. He wanted to establish depots, and he found that there was a minister at Boweo, one at Mclvor, and that there had been a Presbyterian minister at another place who had been removed; bo that from Brisbane to the Gulf of Carpentaria and round even by their own Northern Territory, there was an immense field of work opened to them. They might send colporteurs to France, but if they knew the condition of the shepherds and bushmen in the locality he had indicated, they ought to ask die Parent Society to send five or six colporteurs into the Northern part of Australia. There were no ministers, nor schools there, and if the Bible Society did notdo something nothing would be done. He granted them that this might bea veryinefficient agency, but it was the only agency which could be adopted in tbose vast regions which they knew absolutely nothing at all about. (Cheers.) Another fallacy was that £800 or £900, the cost of the agency was to be portioned of in arith metical divisions amongst, the colonies. Did any man go to a missionary platform, and attempt to show £80 raised in such a village was devoted to such a purpose? Small men might, like his friends atMount Barker, who thought they knew everything. (Hisses and dissension.) The £900 was collected in the Anstralias, and did not come from the South Australian Auxiliary only. Look again. The figures had been put unfairly, andhewooldreada. few lines in justification of wfaathe stated at the Port. It was pointed out that be received £600 and £215 for travelling expenses, and it was stated that as the free contributions amounted to £1,527, half of the income went to pay him. At Mount Barker it was stated that the total cost was put down at £966—connected, mark, not with the whole of the colonies, but "con nected with New South Wales, where be spends the greater part of his time." Was that true or was it falsehood ? In the first place there was an item of £150 for colporteurs and deputa taonp. Well, only £50 of that was for deputa tions, and would anyjone say that £50 was au extravagant sums fordeputations ? Deputations had travelled over 3,900 miles, and many of the gentlemen had generally declined to draw their expenses from the Society. He was asked why he ventured to pronounce that as anything but truth. He could also give an account of the way in which he was employing the colporteurs and state exactly what they were doing. One man had gone up the Weddia River and Abercrombie Mountains with two horses and Bibles in his packs under the immediate direction of the Committee of Bathurst, and he wished to state also that this £100 for colportage was supple mentary to other sums raised, so that he made this £100 do as much as any £500 usually did in colportage. This £150 said to be connected with New South Wales was untrue in two re spects. It was untrue as being connected with New South Wales, and it was untrue as being linked up with him. These gentlemen ought to have known this, as it was in type, and was before them. They were undoubtedly good and sincere men, but when good men made mistakes they must be told of them, and if they would not withdraw their remarks, then, how could he interpret it except as a piece of presumption and falsehood? Hi« travelling expenses were £215. He was willing to put the number of miles travelled and the expenses incurred before any three mercantile men, who were engaging travellers going over the same ground and doing the same amount of work, and ask them whether it was known that in mere worldly transactions they could travel over the five colonies and visit the places he visited and charge only £215 for travelling expenses? (Hear, hear.) He would not meet with such a statement as this in any of the other colonies. His reply to how he could do it was that he was hospitably entertained, or be could not do it. But for this fact he should spend, in travelling expenses alone, more than his salary and all eke put together. They wondered that he shouM be emphatic; but he was only astonished that in a community of such intelligence any reference should have been made to it (Cheers.) As to his salary he had not a word to say. (Hear.) In the document issued from the Mount Barker Branch there was either truth or false hood, and he was willing to leave any intelligent man to decide. This document said—" We know his services are very trifling." Well, if it meant around the hills of Mount Barker it might be true; or it might be true respecting this colony, but in the face of the report of the Society with respect to the whole of the colonies he asked whether it was truth or falsehood. "To judge by reports Victoria and New South Wales gain little advantage either." Well, he would leave the world to judge. If it cost any amount of money, he would show whether that statement could be supported, that his services were of no value. He would produce the penny paper with the whole of the report respecting Australia, and he would let everybody who was willing to read, read it over, and then ask him if he would say he had done nothing. Of course, if the man was incompetent or ignorant he would forgive him. If, however, he made a gross misstatement, and it was shown to him, he ought as a Christian man to withdraw it (Cheers.) If he said it was true he con fronted him before a Jury and asked for a clear vindication upon an honest verdict The docu ment went on " he did not visit Tasmania, he did not go to the branches, he did not travel in the winter." These statements had influenced even intelligent minds in the colony, and how must they have influenced the minds of less intelligent men. These statements bo easily made had gone through the whole colony, assailing him and his work. With respect to visiting Tasmania, he said he should not ask the people of Mount Barker where and when he should visit the colonies. As to his staying at home {during the wintei months, the report referred t) the great floods in New South Wales which prevented his going without being drowned. It was stated in this same document that he stayed at home with £16 a week for doing nothing. They might say that this was a harmless thing, but it was not, because when at Hrndraarsh, whilst ad dressing the meeting, a man got op and said, " But what about the £16 a week. Sir?" When he found that he could not travel without dan ger of drowning he gave his attention to the suburban associations and branches. They would see in one of those localities, a place where a lady now sold from 50 to 60 Bibles a year who did not sell a copy before. Bible women had been employed also where no Bible women were previously, and city missionaries in Sydney had. been increased by bringing to light the want of such an agency. One young man who he had trained as a colporteur was now usefully employed as a missiouary in Sydney. All these facts were stated in the same para graph from which the words about staying at home in winter were taken. In vindication of what he said at the Port, he asked how the con clusion £16 a week in idleness was arrived at, for be could not see how £600 a year could give £16 a week. He was glad these Mount Barker gentlemen were there, and he hoped if they were sincere Christians that they would see that they had made erroneous statements. If not, he could not describe the matter other than he had done. He felt strongly, not because of the £600 which he received, but because of the Society which he served, and which he knew would be injured by the remarks which had been made. Ceitain returns had been received from country branches, and one of these was of most singular modesty and most won derful presumption. The modesty was that with respect to Mr. Phfllips's salary, they did not know anything about busi ness or rents, and therefore could not give an opinion, but with reference to Dr. Tucker's salary they would venture to say that his salary was too high, and that it was evident his time was not fully occupied. This was either true or false; and why did they not give him an op portunity of explaining all these matters? If they had wanted information they knew he would be here shortly, and why did they not wait instead of publishing these erroneous state ments ? He placed his time at the disposal of the Committee, only requesting them to put as much work into each week as they could. As to idleness, he was quite willing to ask gentlemen who knew what he did, to say if there was another man who worked harder i than he did. Yet he was told to be quiet He would not hurt the feelings of any man, and if they would tell him that these were not intentional misstatements he was anxious to shake hands with them and go on to heal the j mischief which they had caused. There was one thing he wished to guard them against, and that was the secresy with which these com plaints and misstatements were made. These were a secret missile which might convulse a nation. (Cheers.) This was a document pre pared by a few men who knew nothing about the question, and this declaration, as it was called, was secretely disseminated. Such a thing as this had convulsed England more than once, and he would say to every Wesleyaa Methodist and every other Christian, "Condemn these lawless proceedings." This was just the secret assassination of Europe—(oh, and hear, hear) — and these sly documents did more mischief in any Christian community than persons could conceive. It was stopping him and the great Christian work, and encouraging a kind of thing which if not discouraged would be exceed ingly dangerous, and attended with the most fearful results. He concluded by asking them not to entertain either the motion or mipnfl. ment, but to put their views in another shape. (Cheers.) Mr. W. Oldham spoke highly of Dr. Tucker, expressed a. belief that the Auxiliary here would suffer much by his withdrawal, thought the salary by no means too large, and the tea veiling expenses exceedingly moderate. Mr. W. C. Bute said after Dr. Tucker's state ment he should be prepared to go against both the motion and amendment, but he regretted that Dr. Tucker tad uttered such hard words against the people of Mount Barker, for they could do no god, sad the idea of a friendly conference ought to have been kept more in view. The amendment was at this stage withdrawn, and Mr. A. Goes moved the following as an amendment:—" That this meeting is of opinion that the services of such a gentleman as Dr. Tucker are «f great importance to the cause of ' the Bible Society in the Australian colonies, j not only in the way of collecting subscriptions, but also in the way of promoting the circulation of the Scriptures; and considering the zeal and ability which Dr. Tucker brings to the discharge of his duties, -his salary is by no means too large." The Ven. Archdeacon Woodcock seconded. Mr. Haknaford. replied. He Btated that the i ntentions of the Mount Barker Branch in bring ing the matter forward were pare, and he very much regretted that such harsh remarks had been made. Although not educated at Cam- ' bridge or Oxford, they claimed the light to think, even although they could not express their thoughts so fluently as some men. He stated also that the £600 salary and £215 travelling expenses amounted to something like £16 a week, and he believed if these high expenses were perpetuated, that instead of sending home free contributions amounting to £600, they would not in a year's lame amount to 600 pence. (Oh, oh, and dissension.) He hoped every expense would be curtailed, and he thought this matter would show the Parent Society that the working expenses were nar rowly watched. The motion was lost and the «mi>Tijlnnmt was narriwi, MB. PHJXLIPS'S SALARY. The question of Me Phillips's salary of £200 as Secretary and Depositary was next discussed. Mr. DoFFrEUD, M.P., moved—"That the delegates of the various country branches have every confidence in the Committee of the South Australian Auxiliary of the British and Foreign Bible Society, and hereby leave the question of the Secretary's salary in their hands.** The Rev. E. K. Mimn seconded, and re ferred to the long time that Mr. Phillips acted gratuitously. The Rev. J. Gardner moved—"That six business men be appointed to look into all the duties to be discharged by Mr. Phillips, and the responsibilities incurred, and to say whether or not the Balary of £200 should be continued, and if not, to state what is a fair remuneration for tile duties discharged." The Rev. Mr. Wilson seconded the amend ment. _ A lengthy discussion ensued upon the respec tive merits of the motion and amendment, in which Messrs. Buik, DawJdns, Jas. Smith, the Ven. Archdeacon, J. Knudiarul J. Hance, J. Pearce, J. Whiting, A. Gore, Hannaford, A. Dowie, W. Oldham, Rev. J. Lyall, F. C. Smith, J. S. Sanders, W. G. Coombs, Grigg, H. Phillips, and W. Dunield took part. A very general expression of confidence was given respecting the manner in which Mr. Phillips discharged his duties. The only question was as to whether the work really required so much remuneration, or whether the Society could not get the work done more cheaply. Upon these points there was a difference of opinion, and on putting the amendment there was a tie in voting, when the Chairman gave hig listing apainn+. the amendment. The motion was then put, and carried. POSITION OF MOUNT BARKER BRANCH. On this matter being submitted for discus sion, the Rev. J. Lyall expressed a hope that after the full discussion which had taken place, the Mount Barker and other delegates would go home and put things right. He thought the meeting generally gave them credit for sincerity. (Hear, hear,) Mr. HANNAtroRD would not be doing his duty unless he said that a public meeting had de cided that ithe Mount Barker Branch of the South Australian Auxiliary should cease, and they were now a distinct and separate auxiliary of the British and Foreign Bible Society. The Rev. Dr. Tucker pointed out that they could not form an auxiliary in that way. There had been no correspondence with him, although he was the accredited agent of the Society in these colonies, and it was absurd to suppose that the Parent Society would allow such a departure from order to take place as this. He remonstrated with the delegates from Mount Harker, and promised as soon as possible to visit that place, for he said he should not give up the ground there, or the many sub scribers which the Bible Society had there. The Rev. Mr. Gardner thought Dr. Tucker's reply was triumphant, and he was surprised at the position which a minority of two individuals seemed determined to take. Mr. Stephens moved, and Rev. Mr. Evan seconded--" That the Mount Barker Branch be requested to reconsider its determination and report to the Adelaide Committee." After a brief conversation this motion was carried, and a cordial vote of thanks having been passed to the Chairman, the proceedings closed about half-past 9 o'clock. MEETING AT THE PORT. The annual meeting of the Port Branch of the above Society was held at the Town Hall, Port Adelaide, on Monday evening, the 21st instant. The threatening appearance of the weather had, doubtless, a great deal to do with the limited attendance. The chair was taken by J. Hart, Esq., and there were also on the platform the following clergymen and gentlemen:—The Ven. the Archdeacon, the Rev. Canon Marryat, Revs. J. Price, J. Gardner, — Fletcher. J. Ljall, J. Henderson, Dr. Tucker, Mr. Robson, Mr. Keaves, and the Secretary (Mr. C. D. Aston). A portion of Scripture was read by the Rev. Mr. Henderson, and a prayer offered by the Rev. J. Lyall, after which the Chairman called upon the Secretary to read the annual report, which he did as follows:— *' In presenting the Eleventh Annual Report of this Branch of the Bible Society, the Com mittee would express gratitude to God that they have been enabled to carry on operations during another year—if not with all the success which they desire, yet with some measure of regularity and comfort. The Committee has held five meetings during the year for the transaction of necessary business, and for re ceiving contributions from the lady collec tors. As friends are aware the Town and neighborhood have been mapped out into eleven Collectors'Districts, and these districts are visited by seventeen lady collectors, who receive contributions —quarterly, monthly, •r weekly, according to arrangement. The past year has been felt by all classes of the community as, perhaps, one of the most trying in the history of the colony, and when commer cial interests hare been so depressed as to affect unfavorably all our institutions, it is not to be wondered at that the contributions to this Branch Society should also have suffered a de cline. The total receipts for the year amount to £78145. Id. of which sum £56 3s. lid. was col lected by lady visitors; £17 os. 3d. was received as subscriptions at the Depository; and £5 9a. lid. as collection at last mmhi meeting. The receipts of the past year as compared with those of the year preceding, show a decrease of £12 Is. lid. But whilst the monetary receipts have been less than daring the previous year, it is pleasing to be able to report that the sale of Bibles at the Depository has been to the amount of £17 Os. 3d., which exceeds the sale of the previous year by £4 19s. Id., and that the total issue of the Word of God, whether as New Tes taments alone, or as the whole Bible has not diminished, but is exactly the same amount as is shown in the report of 1866. The amount remitted on the purchase-account for last year also shows an increase over the previous year of £12 7s. 6d. The Bibles issued during the year have been of the cheaper kind, and evidently for every day use, and {your Committee is en couraged by the thought, that notwithstanding the embarrassments of the year, the Word of life has not been impo^"^ in its circulation among oar own population, and it is hoped that wherever it has come during a season of great trial it has proved like its Divine Author, ' a very present help in the time of trouble.' Tour Committee have voted the sum of £50 as a free donation to the Parent Auxiliary in Adelaide, and the year terminates leaving in the Depository Bibles to the number of 231, and New Testaments 99; value, £3125. Id. Since the Port branch began its humble labors, eleven years ago, it has been enabled to remit to the funds of the Patent Society the sum of £515 as free donations, £513 3s. &L; on the purchase account, and has been the means of patting in cu eolation, within the range of its own imme diate influence, 2,200 copies of the Scriptures of Truth. Your Committee beg to recognise, with much gratitude, the important services rendered by the lady collectors. To their labors, so constant and self- denying, is mainly to be ascribed the measure of success which has hitherto attended the Society. In closing this report your Committee look forward hopefully to future operations. The results of oar humble efforts may appear small and unimportant, but if laid at the feet of the Lord under the pure and ennobling influence of love to Him and His cause, we are taught that He will not disown them, bat number them among the means which He will bless in *T"yffting the children of sorrow to the only source of consolation, the despond ing to the only hope, and ruined sinners to the only name given under heaven among men whereby they may be saved." Dr. Tccker said that since his arrival on Friday last there had been put into his hand some documents that had been thrown befor the public in relation to the work of the Society in these colonies. Respecting them he wished to say that there was running through them a tissue of impertinence and falsehood. What had been said about New Sooth Wales in con nection with his name was utterly untrue, and he had seen one of the men who was reported to have spoken of him and of the disgust felt in this colony against extravagant expenditure, who, when he was challenged for the proof of his assertion, simply denied that he ever said anything of the kind. What had been said about Messrs. Phillips he considered to be un reasonable and unjust Those gentlemen, with Mr. Whiting, deserved only great respect, and would be, he thought, ever remembered in con nection with this noble work for their most dis interested and unfaltering zeaL For twenty years they had conducted the business of the Society without any payment; and when they dissolved partnership and circumstances were changed, it was found necessary, with the in creasing work of tha Auxiliary, to provide ad-! ditional room; then £100 was .given them, and since that period another £100 had been added. Men of business, he was sore, would all agree that they had evinced noble generosity. Mer cantile men were not accustomed to undertake large transactions and to incur heavy responsi bilities without fair remuneration. The whole expense of the Auxiliary for seven teen years did not amount to £400. For himself he would say that public men and public societies were open to criticism, and he was not, he thought, particularly sensi tive on these points, further than his own per sonal honor or the interests of the Society de manded. When misrepresentations were made in public he was not in haste to conclude that they were either intentional or malicious, espe cially when they were made by men of general integrity. He always concluded that they arose from mistake, and want of information. At the same time, as untruthful statements were injurious, they needed generally to be corrected. He would take an opportunity in Adelaide to open up the whole matter, but now he asked them to consider only a few clear and palpable facts. His agency in the colonies was designed to extend the sphere of the Society's practical operations, or, in other words, to organise Com mittees and associations to farther the col lection of funds to aid the Society, and to pro mote the circulation of the Holy Scriptures among the population of these colonies. Both these objects had been progressing during the past six nr seven years. In 1860 the free con tribution from the whole of Australia was £1,000, and last year it amounted to £2,220, to which must be added £100 received too late for insertion, and £450 expended by the Sydney Auxiliary for printing the New Testament for the Sandwich Islands, making a total of £2,770. The amount paid for the sale of the Scriptures was £2,307, and when it was remembered that they were sold at from sixpence to one chilling a copy and upwards, they would see that many thousands had been distributed. In 1860 there were not more than 40 Societies in efficient operation. Now there were 146 of these spread over the colonies, and they repre sented about ten times as many ladies and gentlemen associated in doing the work of the Society, and in aiding Christian Churches. These Societies could not be sustained without supervision and visitation. There was no in stance of such a work being maintain^ by mere voluntary impulse. In all the Cape Colonies, where there was no organization, the free con tributions amounted to only £325,; and in all New Zealand to only £100 yearly. While ladies collected the money generally, and De positories or others sold the Scriptures, it was his business to direct and aid these several operations in all the colonies. The figures that had been quoted, and presented in a summary in one of the daily papers were not fair or truthful. The whole expenditure had been added together and brought into comparison with only one item or feature of the Societies' operations—and then it was said that "the salaries were disproportionate to the amount collected;" which was about as true as to say that any minister had visited his school twelve times in the year, and then adding together the salary of both minister and teacher, to say that the visitation cost the whole amount; and then to discover tnat it was a costly visi tation ! Just this had been done. Taking the figures that had been quoted as standing against the amount said to be collected, there was the £200 for Air. Phillips which had nothing to do with it; there was £150 for colporteurs and deputations, which also had nothing to do with it; these each represented a special work, and as to his own salary and expenses they might be printed anywhere in connection with the work accomplished, and he would challenge any man to produce, in any part of the world in connection with any Society whatever, the same amount of actual practical Christian work for the same expendi ture. He should feel it to be his duty to expose, in the most emphatic and complete manner, the statement that had been printed and scattered through the colony, and to state fully his own views of the work of the Society in these co lonies at the annual public meeting in Adelaide. The rev. gentleman then reverted to his labors in Queensland, ,New South Wales, and Vic toria, and said that instead of spending the whole of the winter in New Sooth Wales he had only been in Sydney with his family for one Sunday and five days, during which he had attended two meetings. From there he visited Victoria, and then on to this colony, where he expected to be fully employed. There was only one expressive Saxon word which would describe the sapient people of Mount Barker who had made such a statement regarding him. He did not think that the people of the colony would say that £450, clear of rent, was too much for an educated, able, and zealous man engaged in this work; if they did, however, they were welcome to their opinion. He trusted they would not allow the object of the Society to receive a check on account of the calumnies of a few ignorant men, but that the work would still receive their earnest support. He moved the adoption of the report. j The Rev. Canon Mabrtat seconded the adoption of the report in a brief speech, in j which he referred to the great assistance the operations of the Bible Society in this colony had received from Dr. Tucker. The motion was carried. The Rev. Mr. Fletcheb moved—" That this meeting cordially sympathises with the ereat objects of the British and Foreign Bible Society, and recognises in the present state of the world a loud call for vigorous effort in the dissemina tion of the word of God. He spoke of the birth and growth of the Bible Society and its extensive operations in different parts of the world; also of the immense good it had caused to mankind. He] then alluded to the attempts which had been made to mutilate and alter the Word of God, and concluded by an appeal to hu hearers to combine as one to secure the spread of the Bible throughout the world. Mr. Robson seconded, and dwelt upon the benefit which the Society had done mankind by extending the knowledge of the Word of God, and urged a hearty support of the work. The resolution was carried. The Rev. J. Gardner moved —"That the thank? of this meeting are due to the Lady Col lectors for their efforts during the past year;" at the same time commenting upon the speakers at the Monnt Barker meeting, and said that, unless they were actuated by purify of motives, their ignorance and want of knowledge per taining to the matter went far to acquit them of any maliciousness. Mr. Neaves seconded the resolution, which was carried. The Rev. J. LYALL moved—"That the fol lowing gentlemen be the officers and Committee for the ensuing year:—President, J. Hart, Esg.|; Treasurer, T. J. Mitchell, Esq. ; Depositary, Me Jas. Grosse; Secretary, Mr. C. D. Aston; Au ditors, Messrs. W. D. Scott, and J. M. Sinclair; Committee —The ministers of the various Pro testant denominations in the district, and Messrs. J. Bennett, J. Bickers, E. N. Butler, Craigie, T. Dallison, W. Deveral, T. J. King, J. H. Millard, J. Neill, A. S. NeiU, S. Omond, J. Ottaway, and J. Stone." The Ven. Archdeacon Woodcock seconded, and expressed his conviction that the state ments which had been put forward about Dr. Tucker would be found to have been made in utter ignorance of the facts of the case. .The resolution was carried. Votes of thanks were passed to the Corpora tion for the free use of the Hall and to the Chairman, after which the proceedings ter minated. THE REV. MR, TITHERINGTON. [From our Stockport Correspondent.] October 4. The telegram of to-day has informed you of the fear entertained that the Rev. J. B. Titherington, Incumbent of Riverton, perished by drowning while attempting to cross the Light, at the Old Ford, on the afternoon of Tuesday last. The melancholy fear is giving place to certainty, and not even a ray of hope exists to the contrary. The rev. gentleman was on his way to Gawier, en route for town on Tuesday, and spent an hour or two in Stock port. After refreshing himself with the rest, he proceeded on his journey, and nothing more was heard of him until late yesterday after noon, when the district constable (Mr. R. Piersou) was informed that a horse had been seen on Tuesday afternoon near the river, with saddle and bridle on, but no rider. The constable immediately suspected an accident, and made prompt enquiry, which resulted in the terrible suspicion that Mr. Titherington had been drowned. Preparation was made, and a large number of persons (in cluding many friends from Riverton) were en gaged the whole of to-day dragging the river, bat have not as yet succeeded in recovering the body. The horse he was riding has been found and in the vatfse an envelope directed to de ceased, which proves the identity. TTU hat was found early in the day floating in oneof the water holes near where the accident had occurred, so that there is now no hope of his having escaped, and thus terminates the career of a really good and useful man, one whose untimely fate will call up the warmest sympathies and deepest re grets of every one who had the privilege of his acquaintance and a knowledge of his worth. It is a bitter pang to reflect that by such an end very very many will look in vain for that genial face—that fatherly and loving friendship, which stopped only when its aim was accomplished; bat "he rests from his labor, for his work u done." October 9. The body of the Rev. Mr. Titherington was recovered this morning about half- past 9 o'clock, a little below the first large waterhole from the crossing, among some rushes. The body had evidently risen this morning, and was being carried down, but as it was oat of the main current had made but little progress. A very large number of friends came from Riverton tiiis morning for the purpose of watch ing the river, as previous efforts of dragging were unsuccessful, and this being the ninth day from die date of the accident it was hoped the body might be brought to light by a natural process, which happily occurred, as great fears were entertained of its being found. It is almost a matter of wonder how the body should have lain bo long at the bottom of this hole, notwithstanding the number of times it was dragged ; and the only way of accounting for it is that there are a number of stump* and logs in the bed, between some of which the body had in all probability been deposited. Great praise is due to the two troopers, Messrs. Lang from Gawler, and Banks from Kapunda, who were unremitting in their efforts, and indeed to very many others who took a kind and active part. The remains were at once removed to the Stockport Hotel by the kindness of Mr. Shuttle worth, whose conveyance was on the spot, and an inquest held by K. H. Cole, Esq., J.P., aud a Jury of twelve. Mr. Shuttlewortb was the foreman. There was very little evidence of any importance; the following K a digest:— Robert Cowan identified the body as that of the late Rev. J. B. Titherington. C. M. Mudie deposed to deceased having been at his house on Tuesday, where he rested for same time. Left on bis way for Gawler at about half-past 3 o'clock in the afternoon, hut heard nothing of the supposed accident until late on Thursday afternoon. Jno. Pottinger deposed to having seen deceased pass the sandhill on Tuesday afternoon. Geo. Pittard was working on the road the other-side of the sandhill. Saw a horse, which had apparently just come out of the river, with a saddle and bridle on, and a swag strapped to the saddle. Tried to catch the horse, but could not. W?nt down to the river immediately to see if any accident had occurred, but could see nothing. John Martin gave "similar evidence. C. M. Mudie had examined the body, and found no external marks of violence or injury which would account for death. Was of opinion de ceased met his death by suffocation from drowning. R. Piesdorf, district constable, gave evidence as to his receiving information on Thursday afternoon of- a horse with trappings having been seen on Tuesday coming from the river, and subsequent enquiry made by him, which led to the conclusion that the Rev. Mr. Titherington was drowned. Frederick Davis- Went to look for the body this morning, and found it near the bank. The head was partly out of water. Took the body out of the water. William Banks, trooper, Kapundu—About half past 10 this morning went to the Light. Saw a dead body lying on the bank. It was tha same now lying in the room. Searched the body and found two £1 notes, two-and-sixpence in silver, a silver watch, and penknife. The watch had stopped at twenty minutes past 4. The Coroner having directed the Jury, a verdict of accident ally drowned while attempting to cross the Light on the Ist of October, was returned. The annual tea and public meeting in connection with the Christian Disciples Church, Grote-Btreet, was held on Wednesday, October 16\. There was a large attendance, especially at the public meeting, when tbe chapel was crowded. The chair was occupied by the Hon. T. Magarey, M.L.C. Tbe proceedings were opened in the manner usual on such occasions, after which the Chairman made an appropriate speech. He remarked that they could not pre vent him from making a long speech, if he wished to do so, by putting him in the chair ; but he should not inflict a long speech upon them, because he did not think he could, even if he felt so inclined. He spoke of the glorious truths which they who were connected with that chapel professed, and remarked that the Christian platform was a broad one. and there was room for them aIL He congratulated them on having such a large attendance, and concluded an interesting address by urging upon the young men of the congregation to come for ward as missionaries in the good work of spread ing the knowledge of the Lord. He referred to the power of the press in propagating error, and remarked that it had also a great power in pro pagating good. He hoped before another year had passed to see them making use of that mighty engine ani spreading through the means of tbe press the glorious truths which they had adopted. Mr. Pearce next addressed the meet ing on Christian union. He dwelt upon the advantages to be derived from Christian union, and expatiated upon its benefits, remarking that in a Christian community every person had his work to perform, and they should aid each otber according to the best of their ability. He concluded a capital address by impressing upon them to cherish that union, and show their fel low men the reality of the religion they pro fessed. A portion of a hymn having been sung, Mr. EL S. Earl, 8.A., addressed the meeting on Christian co- operation. He remarked that there was work for them all to do, and each one had his part to perform. They were all members of one body, and no one of them could do anything without the head, and the Head of the Church was the Lord Jesus Christ They were allable to do something, and they should ask themselves what they could do or what work thev were fitted for. Some personshad not the gift of public speaking, while others had; some had the gift of preaching, while others had the powers of j conversation. They all had different gifts, and all j were required to use them by the Lord, who would call them to account for the use they i made of them. The Redeemer held every one j responsible for the use they made of the gifts , with which they were endowed. If they all used their gifts properly the cause of Christ would go on and prosper, and no power in heaven or hell would prevent it. Let no one who belonged to that Church or any other Christian Church go away that night and think he had nothing to do. If they had not already found out what they could do, let them set j about doing so at once. There was one way in which they could all assist, and that was by living a devoted, pious, and Christian life. He concluded an excellent address by urging upon them all to live more and more like their Master, and follow His example who was the most perfect man. "Let us then be up and doing with a heart for any fate. Still achiev ing, still pursuing, learn to labor and to wait." (Applause.) Another portion of a hymn having been sung, the meeting was addressed bv Mr. J. W. Webb, who took as his subject "God's condescension to Man." He referred to the practice which existed amongst a gre."-t many of putting off matters of religion until as they called it a fitting opportnninity, and yet at the same time calling it a very good thing and patting it on the back as it were, and re marked that he often thought what an awful awakening there would be at the great Day of Judgment. He also spoke of those who put their faith in this world's riches, and thought not about the future, and said if they could reach tt>ese persons what a glorious thing it would be to bring them to put their faith in their Saviour, and show them that it was not with them to condescend to God, but it was His goodness in condescending to wait for them. All the day long He was stretching out His hands to them to save them. He concluded an admirable address by urging them all to make it their resolve to live for Him and to Him alone, and resumed his seat ami<?st applause. After a portion of another hymn was sung, Mr. T. J. Gore, M. A., addressed those present. He said he should not detain them long after the excel lent addresses they had heard, and he hoped they would not forget what they had heard. That was their annual tea meeting,'and he was glad to see so many present on that occasion. He was going to tell them a few facts about the position of the Church which met in that place, and which he knew would please them, because there was nothing so pleasing to the truly Christian mind as to know that sinners were being brought to the Lord. During the past year at least 50 had been added to the Church. (Applause.) The walls of their church were getting too close, and it was their intention before long to have the walls further apart—(applause)—and if the friends would assist they would soon have a nice build ing on the nest piece of land adjoining-^ap pl&use;)—and when that took place they would have another tea meeting, and one at which there should be nothing but smiling faces, be cause the place would be their own. (Applause.) He then spoke at some length of the happiness of being a follower of Christ, illustrating his remarks by several personal anecdotes, and con chiding by expressing a hope that when their new house was completed he should see them all present, and four or five times as many more. (Applause.) A verse of the dismission hymn was then sung, and the proceedings closed about a quarter before 10 o'clock. We learn that G. F. Angas, Esq., has forwarded £50 to the Bev. John Watsford towards sending another missionar* to Fiji to replace the late Bev. Mr. Baker who was re cently so cruelly butchered there. It is to be hoped this excellent example will be followed by other friends of missions. The anniversary services of the Con gregational Chapel, High-street, Kensington, were held on Sunday and Monday, October 13 and 14. On Sunday three sermons were preached—that in the morning being by the fiev. J. G. Millaxd; in the afternoon by the Bev. S. Mead; and in the evening by the Rer. G. Stonehouse. On Monday evening the annual tea meeting took place, which was largely at tended. The tea meeting was followed by a public meeting, held in the church, which was crowded. Mr. Alex. Hay, M.P., presided. The i proceedings having been opened in the usual j manner by the reading of Scripture, singing, \ and prayer, the Rev. H. Cheetham read bis annual report, which was of a very encouraging nature. The report, which was the 18th annual one, stated that the past year had been one of great depression. There had been no diminu tion in the number of the congregation, for although they had lost two members, who lived at such a distance that they could not attend the church, they had received seven others during the year, being a gain of five. The attendance had been kept up during the year. The Sunday-school was in a prosperous state the number of scholars being 100, who were well supplied with male and female teachers. The Bible Classes which had been formed during the past year had' been well attended. There had also been no diminution in the voluntary contributions, and the largest amount which had ever been raised in one year during the 16 years which he had presided over the Church had been raised during the past year of general depression. He then read statistics showing the amounts raised and how they had been expended, and concluded by remarking that he hoped next year they would still have greater prosperity. The Chairman then made a few remarks, expressing his pleasure at the encouraging report which had been read, and at being present that evening. It was seven or eight years since he hid pre sided over a meeting in that church, aadbs was pleased to see so large an attendance, and to hear that they were prospering. He wished them every prosperity, and' hoped they woald continue to increase in numbers so much that if hd lived to be present at their next anniver sary he should see they hod been compelled to knock the walls down and increase the size oE the place. (Applause.) The Rev. Mr. Knight; in au amusing speech, moved the adoption rf the report, and cx[ii«ss.>d his pleasure at its encouraging nature. The Rev. Mr. Griffiths in a brief speech, seconded the motion, which. was carried. Appropriate addresses were after wards delivered by Mr. H. S. Earl, 8.A., an! the Rev. Mr. Hodge, of Port Adelaide. The Chairman duriog the evening apologised for the absence of the Revs. J. Gardner and F. W. Cox, who were prevented from being pre sent. A collection was made, which was satis factory. Mr. Caterer proposed, and the Her. Mr. Knight seconded, a vote of thanks totbe ladies for providing the tea, which having been carried, a similar vote was accorded to the Chairman and the choir, and acknowledge! by the Chairman. The Rev. H. Cheetham expressed his thanks to Mr. Earl and thersv. gentlemen who had attended that evening, and the proceedings of an interesting and miccessfsl meeting were brdught to a close by the bene diction being pronounced by the Rev. H.- Cheetham. The choir sang several pieces <f sacred music during the evening in a ve?y cre ditable manner. The anniversary services in connection with the Archer-street Wesleyan Church were celebrated on Sunday and Wednesday, October 20 and 23. On the former day sermons ven preached by the Revs. Henry Bath, W. S. Worth, and Thomas Lloyd; and on the evening of the latter, tea and public meetings were held, both being lately attended. The chair at the public assemblage was occupied by Me John Carr, M.P., who, afttr the |>roeeodia£* had bften commenced in the customary inaauie^ made some appropriate and excellent reuiaria. Mr. J. B. Hack then read the financial state ment, from which it appeared that the receipts 'luring the year had amounted to £216 Ws_, aaA the exitenditure to £285. The total liability upon the church and the mission-house was £1,150. The Rev. Thomas Kdmcades was tin first speaker, and his address was most interest ing, the subject of it being the necessity of pro fessing Christians being in earnest in their Blas ter's woik. The Rev. Samuel Knight followed,and in anadinirable speech pointed out thedesiraliSily of bringing about a union between ib.€ more im portant Churches. He concluded by oi^iag upon the audience to do their duty, assuring them that by doing so "they would secure the bless ing of God, and would be hastening the dawn ing of the millennium. The Rev. Matthew Wilson spoke next. He referred to the impor tance of places of worship, and intimated that Christians of all denominations were called upon to contribute towards their erection ami support, but more particularly those connected, with Methodism by their principles as Metho dists. The Rev. G. W. Patchell then addressed the meeting, affirming that liberality towards the cause of God was intimately associated with spiritual and temporal prosperity. The Rev. H_ B tth moved a vote of thanks to the ladies, the decorators of the church and schoolroom, and to the choir, who during the evening had song some anthems in a highly creditable inannec The Rev. D. S. Wylie seconded the proportion, which was carried by acclamation. On die motion of the Rev. R. C. Flockart, seconded. by the Rev. John Watsford, the usual compli ment was paid to the Chairman, after which the singing of the doxology and pronouncing of lie benediction terminated these most interesting services, the total proceeds ef which was £30 12s. lid., exclusive of promises. The anniversary services in connection with the Alberton Church, were commenced on Sunday, the 20th inst, when excellent and spirit-stirring sermons were delivered in the morning and afternoon, by the Rer. H_ T. Burgess, of Willunga, and in the evening by the Her. J. S. 'Worth, of Kooringa. The usual collections in aid of the Trust Funds were made at the close of each service, and pioduced Che sum of £3 19s. 6it On Thursday, the 2«fc inst., a tea and public meeting was held in die church, the latter of which was presided oner byT. -T. Hitelieu, Esq., of Port Adelaide. Tie Rev. E. C. Flockart initiated the proceedings by giving out a hymn, which was followed by prayer from the Rev. J. J. Watsford; after which the Chairman, in an interesting speech, commenced the business of the meeting, aid. called upon the Treasurer, Mr. E. $L Butler, to read the report, from which it an peared that at the commencement «* t£e current year, there was a balance due to the Treasurer of £5 10s., but subscriptions sance received had enabled him to liquidate Utat amount, and also to pay the interest on tin Chajtcl dei-t to date. The debt was now re duced to £150, and he earnestly trusted the meeting would further reduce it that evening. The Chairman then called upon the Bev. C Swann, of Salisbury, who. in a telling speed, impressed upon his hearers the duty of mating their Church an active life-giving one, earnestly exhorting ttein to show forth the beauties dt their holy religion in their lires and conduct and so by their example induce those axmao. them, who were now living in darkness, to seek a knowledge of the truth as it is in Jesus. The Bev. C. T. Newman, who (being an old friend! was received with prolonged applause, followed in the Eame strain, urging them to shake off their apathy, and engage heartily in the vnk of spreading a knowledge of the troth. throughout the neighborhood in whidt they hVed, assuring them that God never refused to help those who honored 3ub* by seeking to win souls to his serviea instancing, for their encouragement, the saocsaa which had attended the efforts of a, few rnrnrii men in the Port Victor district, where numbers had been, and were being, daily reclaimed bam. a life of sin and folly to the service of the firing God. The Bev. H. Bath then addressed tin meeting, endorsing the remarks of the prevkaa speakers, and comparing a. sleeping, or what was nearly the eame thing, a dead Church, to the Lake Ashphatities, which was continually receiving the waters of the Joidan and never giving anything out, whereas a Church tmeto its duties—a living Church—was like the lake Victoria Nyanza, which supplied the Nile wiib its mighty volume or waters, without suffering any diminution of the quantity stored. within its capacious basin. The Rev. E. C. Flockart then proceeded, in his usual happy style, to enforce upon the meeting the necessity of nulring a vigorous eSJoct to clear off the debt, and called upon Mr Butler, who propounded a scheme for its extinction by each friend or member under taking to subscribe the sum of one shilling, or sixpence- per week until the whole of die in cubus was removed. The scheme met with tba unanimous approbation of the meeting,* and the Misses Butler, Bell, Colegate, Lee, Sharpe, and liofe were appointed Collectors. Mr. FlocVut then moved a vote of thanks to the Choir, alluding in terms of approbation to the efforts of the leader, Mr. C. Betty, who had succeeded in making that choir—number considered— second to none in the Circuit. Votes of thanks to the Ladies, the Hannoniuinist (Mrs. J. Schollar), and the Chairman were then passed, after which, the Doxology was sung, the Bene diction pronounced, and the assemblage dis persed. The total amount subscribed and collected during the services, is £31 Ob. sd, \- ■> EL—ODDFELLOWSHIP. THE ODDFELLOWS BILL. A Bill is now before Parliament for amending the laws relative to the Sodeiy of Oddfellows, Manchester Unity. On one or two previous occasions attempts had been made to legislate on this sub ject, but either the Bills aimed at too" much, or there was not sufficient unity of purpose in the Societies, as the measures were not passed. This session, however, anew Bill has been introduced, and as it does not appear to encounter the same opposition as its predecessors it will in all probability become law. T^m* Bill (which was a private one) was re ferred to a Select Committee, consisting of the Hons. T. Reynolds, A. Blyth, W. Milne, and Messrs. Boucaut, R. L Stow, and Townsend, who reported in favor oE the measure with two or three vestal alterations. The witnesses examined were Me. John Clark (Provincial Grand Master dt the Order), Mr. Wicksteed (Grand Cor responding Secretary), Dr. Gunson, Ifc. J. E. Price, and Sir. J. H. Sherring. The principal objects of the Bill are tin) following:— To incorporate the Order, and to enable the Trustees to grant releases of mort gages effected in the names of fonnec trustees, as individuals. To obtain a more satisfactory audit'of accounts, and better security from offioen holding situations of trust in the Order. To prevent future members of fha Order receiving more than 40s. per week sick pay, no matter how many Lodges they may belong to, whether in the Man chester Unity or otherwise. To incorporate the General By-laws with the Act (but not the District a?J Lodge By-laws), and to require the assent of the Governor in Council to any atten tion in the By-laws first mentioned. There are other provisions, but Ota foregoing are the most important, and we now proceed briefly to notice a few points in the evidence of the witnesses on the subjects mentioned. With regard to the incorporation of the Order, it ia represented that it would be Very much more convenient if instead of lending money on mortgage in the names of indi vidual trustees, as at present, such money oould be lent in the name of the Incor porated Order, and under its seal. The funds of the Order amount to about £56,000, much the greater part of which is lent on mortgage, and hence the desir ableness of establishing a system at once secure in its character and simple and facile in its operation. It was shown in evidence that prior to 1852 all mortgages were taken in the names of the trustees, as individuals, many of whom have left the colony, and gone to New Zealand, Queensland, and other places, and the pro fession, asarule, have refused releases from the present trustees without the signatures of the trustees whose names appeared in the original mortgages. Mr. Clark, in pointing out the inconvenience of this requirement, stated that on one occasion, in the Hope Lodjje, he had to incur an expenditure of £(W to get one signature in a mortgage which only amounted to £120. It is proposed in the new Bill that a discharge by the trustees at any time in office shall be a sufficient discharge to any trustee originally signing—a provision which certainly appears very [reasonable and proper. As regards procuring a better audit of accounts, and taking more effective security from persons holding offices of trust, great difficulty has always been experienced. The large defalcations that have occurred, and the shamefully fraudu lent nature of some of these defalcations, point conclusively to the defectiveness of the audit ; whilst the difficulty— not to say impossibility—of covering these defalcations by sueing the bondsmen just as conclusively shows that the secu rities are worthless. Many thousands of pounds have thus been lost which could never have been abstracted undera proper system of audit, and which—even if ab- Btracted—ought to have been recovered from the bondsmen under a proper system of securities. All this is self-evident; but the difficulty has been to apply a remedy. The evil was too complicated to be effec tively dealt with by the Order without external aid, and this naturally suggested an appeal to Parliament. But the appeal to Parliament has appeared to a great many like a man's calling in his neighbor to interpose in a family dispute; and such interference nas held to be tantamount to a sacrifice of independence. On this ground legislative provisions, for enforcing a bonafide audit, and for regulating the proceedings of offi cers of trust, were rejected as incompatible with the self-government of the Order. Still, as the dangers for years existing continue to exist, and as no one can tell when some new defalcation may not break out, the witnesses appear to be much more than ever favorable to some modified kind of Parliamentary intervention. Respect ing the audit Mr. Wicksteed says— "I believe it is very inefficiently per formed," being conducted, " generally speaking, by brothers not very well acquainted with accounts." Mr. Wick- Bteed is strongly desirous of having a pro fessional man appointed to audit the accounts of the Order, and he inclines to prefer an auditor appointed by the Go vernment. He does not think it would be popular at first, but he is confident it would greatly benefit the working of the Society, and that when the members saw its actual results they would be favorable to it. Mr. John Clark expressed himself strongly in favor of a professional auditor, though not a Government auditor. He says that there are very few men in tlu Order fit for thi special work, and that of those few, the best men are not always appointed, but " often other things have to do with the matter." In illustration of the loose method still prevailing, Mr. Clark re marked that at the last quarterly audit there were 668 members of whom no return of the levy of the funeral fund was given, yet the auditors certified the accounts as correct! With reference to the question of security, the Liw at present requires all security to be personal, and it is sought to amend this by enabling the security of Guarantee Societies to be taken. Mr. Clark says that there are always technical difficulties in making bondsmen amen able, and as a fact the sums named in the bonds have never been recovered. In Leaver's defalcation (over £1,600), the best compromise the Order could make with the securities was to get £200. At present, the trustees and others whose duty it is to see that persons filling positions of trust give proper se curity, and that the bonds are renewed a* required by law, are in no way respon sible for neglect of this important duty, and it is therefore proposed to render them liable to a heavy penalty in the •vent of culpable negligence being esta blished against them. Mr. Clark says he would himself go in for making trustees personally liable for the full amount of whatever loss was occasioned by their culpable neglect in obtaining that security which they knew it was their duty to obtain; and we must say common sense goes with Mr. Clark in this view of the matter. We must now briefly refer to the pro vision restricting future members to joining two Lodges. It may be thought tyrannical to prevent a man belonging to as many Lodges as he chooses, but we are sure when the matter is calmly looked into it will be acknowledged that a man ought not to draw twice as much sick pay as he could earn by his own trade. The very idea of the thing is monstrous. Dr. Gunson says he believes -there are very few such cases, and we dare say the Doctor is right; but why should there be one such case ? Why Bhould even one dishonest man in a thou sand be shielded, to the injury of the 999 honest brothers ? We cannot see why he should. Mr. Clark points out that if a man were a teetotaller, by joining their Lodges, as well as the Manchester Unity, he could receive £9 a week sick pay, from nine lodges. He does not say that there is a case of this kind, though there might be, and why Bhould such, a thing be even possible ? Mr. Clark states, however, that ha is perfectly certain that there are five or six men in the Order who impose upon it year by year. In England, under the Friendly Societies Act, no sick member is allowed to receive more than £1 per week, whilst in this colony there are men who—in health— could not earn more than 355. a week, when sick get £4 or £5. It is, therefore, proposed, in regard to future member ships, not to allow any brother to get more than £2 a week sick pay, no matter to how many Lodges he may belong, but he is not restricted to the number of Lodges he chooses to join for the sake of the funeral fees to be paid to his represen tatives after his death. Dr. Gunson gave some curious evidence with reference to persons shamming illness. Oue was a case of a soldier in India, pretending to an affection of the spine, that prevented his moving about. He was turned over from one surgeon to another, and at last a medical officer had him stripped and put into a deep tub, as if for treatment. Water was gradually let in, to the man's astonishment, till it reached, his neck, and as it continued to run, the only alterna tive was to leap out, or sit still and be drowned. So, forgetting altogether his paralytic spine, ho placed his hands on the edje of the tub, and leaped out, doubtless with a spring that would have done honor to an acrobat! Mr. Bower asked Dr. Gunson if he had no means of "checking" invalid patients sent to_ him from other Lodges, and he said—" Well, we iuvoe means of checking them. We treat them * heroically,' as we term it. We blister them, and give them the mistnra diabolica —a mixture abomin able in taste, and everything else. I give them the dose then and there some times, and blister them too." This "heroic" treatment; this blister ing ; and this tnistura diabolica, con stitute a climax at which we drop our *-• . X.—SPORTING. SOUTHM.USTRALIAN JOCKEY CLUB The annual meeting of the above Club took place at the Globe Inn on Monday, October 7, at 2 o'clock. Present-Messrs. K. M. Bagot (Secretary). W. K. Simms, G. Bennett, L. Barnard, W. D. Fisher, and Henning. Mr. Simma was elected Chairman. A discussion arose aa to changing the tune from which hones' ages should date—from July 1 to August I—in order to make the practice in South Australia harmonise with that u? the neighboring colonies. Mr. Bagot thought the matter perfectly unimportant, as horses were not dropped before the Ist of August, and therefore no practical effect could follow the change. The only case in which the question could be of any importance would be if we had July races. After a little farther conversation the nutter dropped. The Secretary then gave the following statement of the accounts of the Club: — Ledger Balances— Balance, October, 1866 £8 13 11 Members subscriptions 252 0 0 General subscriptions 123 5 3 Stand 429 2 6 Gates 11l 4 6 Booths 155 8 0 Stables ... 417 6 Stud entries 6 0 0 Sundry receipts 39 5 0 National Bank 619 6 3 Entries 1,079 10 0 £2,828 n 11 TjJ abilities— National Bank £6? 0 0 Expenses during year, printing, &c; 72 14 3 Sundry expenses ... ... ... 150 14 11 Stakes 2,472 0 0 Rent «3 11 8 Cash in band... ... 7 12 1 £2,828 12 11 Balance Sheet. Liabilities— National Bank £619 6 3 Nominations for Derby, 1867 ... 62 0 0 Do. do., 1868 ... 78 0 0 Nominations for Leger, 1868 ... 80 0 0 Do. do., 1869 ... 80 0 0 £919 6 3 Assets- Cash in hand £7 12 1 Bailey—Cup nominations 10 0 0 Dowling, do. do. 10 0 0 Dowling—Hacks 5 0 0 Balance 886 14 2 £919 6 3 Sir J. H. Fisher wai re-elected President of the Club. The following gentlemen were ap pointed members of the Committee :—Messrs. E. M. Bagot, W. K. Simms, L. Barnard, G. Bennett, and W. D. Fisher. The meeting then closed; but it was resolved to invite Mr. Coglin, who was waiting in another room, to lay before the Club his offer with reference to the Old Coirse and Grand Stand. Mr. Coglin accordingly entered the room, and made the following statement of his position with reference to the course, and of the terms on which he would hand it over to the Club :— There was due to the Bank £660, several small accounts £42, and a bill, shortly coming due, £219 19s. 4d. In addition to this he had laid out £379 4s. 6d., making in all £1,30135. 10d. If the Committee would take the Bank liability at once and the £42, he would give a cheque for the bill of £219 19a. 4J., and let that amount and the £379 4s. 6U, making £599 3s. lOd. in all, stand over for two years without interest. He did not want to make a farthing out of the affair; in fact, he gave away the interest; but it had been said he was the stumbling-block in the way of an amicable arrangement between sporting men, but he wished to show that he had no predominating ill-feeling against any man. He deplored the split that had been created as much as any one. Mr. Bagot said Mr. Coglin was the cause of the split Several rears ago, because he was not elected a member of the Committee, he started the Old Course. Mr. Coglin thought he and Mr. Bagot made the split between. Mr. Bagot said he had nothing whatever to do with it. Was there any dub connected with the old coarse. Mr. Coglin said there wag no regular club, but there were 36 good names, and every one of those parties would subscribe to the Old Course. Mr. Bagot asked if Mr. Coglin would make it a condition if they took the Course off his hands that they should run run on it. Mr. Coglin hoped they would run on it, but he would part with it without con ditions. He had made enemies by his action with reference to the Course, though all he wanted was to see good sport. If he got rid of the Course he would leave the colony on account of the way he had been treated in the matter. He was sure he had made a ucost literal offer. Mr. Bagot said as long as his feelings were the same as now—and he did not think they were likely to change—he should have no con nection whatever with the old Coarse. The movement was got up in a wrong spirit. People were satisfied with the old Course, except the non-paying public, and he looked on them as nothing. The Chairman (Mr. Simms) said with reference to the spirit in which the old Course movement was got up they had talked that matter over often enough before. Mr. Coglin admitted to a certain extent he was wrong, but he was making restitution by his offer. Mr. Bagot said he knew they would get no revenue from the Old Racecourse. They would have to go hat in hand getting up subscriptions. He showed from the accounts of a series of years, how little they collected in that way. In 1865-6 the subscriptions amounted to £1813s. ;in 1864-5 to £174 55.; in 1863-4 to £421 Bs. 3d.; in 1862-3 to £224 55.; and 1861-2 to £298 12s. 6d. Sub scriptions would not do to depend upon. The owners of horses preferred Thebarton; it was only those who did not want to pay anything that preferred the Old Course. At Thebarton a person must pay to get on the ground, unless he walked there, but at the Old Course they could see the racing without going on the ground. He would never be a party to re moving to the Old Course. After some dis cussion as to whether the matter should be settled there and then by a Committee, or at a future meeting of the Committee, or at a special meeting of the Jockey Club, the last course was resolved upon, and it was decided to call a special meeting of the Club. XI.—MISCELLANEOUS. CEREAL EXPORTS. We hare obtained from reliable sources information as*to the total quantity of wheat and flour shipped from all ports of South Australia during the first nine months of the present year, and also the declared value of the produce so exported. We omit the minor cereals from our pre sent statement, wishing to confine our selves to the main items of wheat and flour. The following table shows the quantity and value exported from our various outports during each of the last three quarters : — March 31 123,885 10,797 Jane 30 100,903 11,634 September 30 ... 42,482 11,763 Total 267,270 34,194 Quarter ending. Wheat. Floor. March 31 £204.144 £115,435 June 30 173,294 127,370 September 30 ... 81,277 132,643 \ Total... .'.. £458,715 375,493 If we take wheat at 45 bushels to fee ton as representing flour, the following table will show the result of our exports for the three quarters : — Exports of Wheat and Floor, computed in tons, for the three quarters ending September 30. Tons. Value. March 31 ... ~... 32,821 £319,629 ; June 30 29,572 300,664 September 30 ... 19,315 213,920 ' Total 81,708 £334,213 j Since September 30, wheat and flour I have been exported, bringing up the total j to about 87,009 tons. Adding bran, pol lard, and minor cereals, the total value of breadstufls exported from January 1 to date will be in round numbers £900,000. QUARTER'S REVENUE AND EXPEN DITURE. The abstract of receipts and expendi ture for the quarter ending September 30 of this year is now published, and shows j receipts, £167,642 lls. ; expenditure, ! £256,433 2s. 9d.; leaving a deficiency on ! the quarter of £88,790 lls. 9d. Of the receipts, the main sources of income are —Customs, £49,910 2s. lid. ; postages, £7,043 ; fines, &c.;, £5,481 2s. Bd. ; tele graphs, £3,026 15s. 3d. ; assessments, £3,025 2s. 9d. ; rents of Crown land, £32,387 6s. Id. ; sales of Crown lands, £31,329 13s. 7d. ; railways, £22,457 13s. 3d. ; Goolwa tramway, £1,087 13s. ; water rates, £5,236 Os. 4d. ; smaller items bringing up the total amount. Of the expenditure, the civil list absorbs £5,450; salaries fixed and provisional, £57,476 ss. 6d. ; contingencies, £44,083 3s. ; miscellaneous, £34,650 13s. 9d.; maintenance of public works, £13,215 6s. 9d. ; construction, £49,786 14s. 7d. ; i interest* on and redemption of loans for public works, £44,845; smaller matters making up the gross expenditure. THE RAINFALL. We have obtained from Mr. Todd a record of the rainfall for the nine months of 1867 ending September 30, and have, for the purposes of comparison, also taken from the " Statistical Register" the rain fall for the corresponding period of the years including and since 1864. The re sults of the four years' return are given in a table below:— Roinfall at the following places during the nine months from January to September (both iudn sive) of the yean 1864-7. There are a few interesting facts dis closed by the above return. In the first place, up to September 30,1867, the rain fall registered at the Adelaide Observa tory was the lowest recorded for several | years, and there was also a falling off in the rainfall from that of the preceding year at the following places: — At Port Lincoln and Guichen Bay, the decrease was a very small one; at Brookside (Magill) it was 1¾ inches ; at O'Halloran Hill, nearly 2½ inches; at Willunga, nearly 1½ inches; at Mount Barker, nearly 1 inch ; at Strathalbyn about 1½ inches ; at Sunnyside (Glen Osmond), 2½ inches; at Mount Gam bier more than 5 inches, and at Penola only about a ¼ inch. At most of the other localities there had been a heavier rainfall than had been the case for several years previously, but in some localities in 1863, which was a wet season, the register was a higher one than for the years since then. Of course the above table does not include the rainfall during October; but during the early part of this month the heaviest rains for a considerable time, and floods of almost an unprecedented height, occurred. Up to 9 o'clock a.m. onOctober 7 the fall, as registered at the Observatory on West terrace, was 2.032. We give below the return of the rainfall in Adelaide during the whole of October for the five years previous to 1867. In 1862 it rained 7 days, the rain gauge registering 1.075 ; in 1863, 15 days, and 3.108 inches ; in 1864, 7 days, and 1.390 inches; in 1865,5 days, and 0.460 inches ; in 1866, 12 days, and 2.690 inches. The rainfall this year at suck places as Port Augusta and Kanyaka is very remarkable, and an invaluable blessing after the severe droughts that have visited those parts of the colony. A SLIGHT MISTAKE. The Illustrated London News contains special supplements, descriptive of the various objects shown at the Paris Exhi bition. The number dated August 17 is partly devoted to a report of the exhibits in the engraving and printing depart ments. Included in the latter are the .following sentences on Australian print ing : — " At each of the principal towns of Australia there is to be found printing of really first-rate excellence. At Sydney the firm of Richard*, at Melbourne that of Ferres, at Adelaide that of Coxe, and at Brisbane that of Belbridge, torn oat books as well got up as the most fasti dious taste could desire. They print for Go vernment, but without any subsidy from Go vernment, of which no doubt their intrinsic merit and consequent prosperity make them independent." We hope the writer is more accurate with respect to his other statements than he is in reference to South Australia, but as he evidently knows nothing at all of the Adelaide printing offices, we may venture to tell him that Mr. Cox (not Coxe) is the Superintendent of the Government Printing Office in Adelaide; that this establishment is wholly maintained at public expense, in a Government building, with Govern ment plant and machinery, Government paper and ink, Government compositors and pressmen ; in fact solely and ex clusively a Government department, provided for by yearly votes on the Estimates, and pretty heavy votes too. However, we all acknowledge Mr. Cox as the right man in the right place ; but the Illustrated London JTews is slightly in error as to the status of the " firm" of "Coxe" & Co. THE DESTITUTE ESTABLISHMENT. The Select Committee of the Legislative Council appointed to enquire into the management of the Destitute Asylum and the Brighton Industrial School have brought up a progress report, together with a large amount of evidence and correspondence. The report is complete in all particulars except that relating to the analysis of the water used at the Grace Darting for drinking purposes, and which will be reported upon as soon as possible. The progress report was read at the table of the Legislative Council on Tuesday, and is as follows :— " Your Committee having taken evidence on the general management of the Destitute Asy lum and Brighton Industrial School, report as follows:— " I—The Destitute Astluh. "L Tour Committee, having enquired into several allegations of want of order and dis cipline, particularly a statement of the inmates leaving the Asylum at night and returning hi a state of intoxication, find that a few such cases occurred previously to the erection of the wall enclosing the Asylum premises, and when it was scarcely possible, even with the utmost vigilance, to prevent occasional abuses of this description ; but that nothing of the kind exists now, nor h^as existed for a considerable period. "2. Tour Committee, on visiting the Asy lum, found the premises dean, and the estab lishment well regulated; the accommodation, especially the sleeping apartments, being good and sufficient (with the exception of the men's dining-room). The bread was of an inferior description, bat this has since been remedied. The ration of meat, estimated at half a. pound when raw, is scarcely enough, especially in such joists as fore-quarters of mutton. A fore quarter of mutton, weighing ten pounds, a. large portion of which is bone, is made to dine twenty persons, and the soup supplied to the inmates is made from their own meat after it is weighed. Your Committee, therefore, recom mend that the meat ration, when bone is weighed in, be increased to three-quarters of a pound, and that 'wayfarers' should not be rationed out of the inmates' allowance. "3. Your Committee report that the men's dining-room is much too small for the number of persons that have to use it, and in summer time especially must be very close and un wholesome. It is, therefore, recommended that a new dining-room be erected, for which I there is available space adjoining the present I one. . " 4. Your Committee are informed that in the females' quarters there are no means of j separating women admitted for their confine-, nient from the other female inmates, and your i Committee suggest .that a. lying-in ward should, if practicable, be established in connection with the Hospital- | " 5. Your Committee find that persons ap- j plying at the Destitute Asylum for relief are sometimes kept waiting for several hours before they are attended to, and it is recommended that some arrangement be made to obviate this "IL—The Brighton School. " Your Committee, having visited and in spected this establishment, and enquired into its management and the condition of the chil dren, report as follows :— " L That the statements publicly circulated some months ago as to the filthy and «lig«?>?fd state of the children at the " Grace Darling," were fully borne out by the facts of the case. The arrival of the detachment of the 14th Regi ment rendering it necessary to ptovide barrack accommodation, the children (to the number of over 100) were hastily removed to the Exhibi tion Building, where they remained for several Months, being seriously deficient in the most ordinary appliances of «J«a«lincag and decency. That their health rapidly declined (opthahnia, cutaneous Ji^a^ and other mala dies being produced), very many of the children presenting a squalid and emaciated appearance. That they were then precipitately removed to Brighton; little or no provision having been ! previously made for their reception, in a house miserably out of repair, and scarcely capable of I accommodating one-third of their number, j That the overcrowding, filth, and noisome effluvia of the place soon resulted in almost universal sickness, followed by numerous deaths. That the Matron (Miss Dring), though well qualified for her office, was unable to bring the establishment into proper order, through want of room, want of the means of cleanliness, want of adequate assistance, and the difficulties she experienced in getting her requisitions attended to; that there was, also, a too minute inter- ' ference on the part of the Chairman of the Des titute Board with the details ef the school, necessitating the devotion of a large part of the Matron's time to epistolary correspondence, frequently on trivial subjects, and at a time when precise routine, even if desirable, was scarcely possible. " 2. Your Committee are of opinion that the change of administration, by the abolition of the old Board and the substitution of the new one, tiie removal of so experienced an officer as Mr. Holthouse, the resignation of the Matron (Miss Dring), and of the Schoolmaster and Schoolmistress (JL-. and Mrs. Young), operated most injuriously at a time when new officers, however competent, could scarcely be expected to prove equal to the sudden emer gency of an exceptional state of affairs. "3, Your Committee regard the removal of the children from the Asylum, to mate room for the military, as the primal cause of the whole train of misfortunes that followed; and, considering that step as altogether unnecessary, your Committee feel bound to express their strong disapprobation of the action of the authorities by whose direction, or under whose sanction, so large a number of children were turned out of suitable quarters without ade quate provision having been previously made for them elsewhere. "4. Your Committee have, however, to report that since public attention was called to the subject, improvements of an important character have been gradually introduced. The accommodation at Brighton has been ex tended: —the staff of servants augmented—the dietary improved—and better order and management established. The removal of a number of children to the Orphange of St. Vincent de Paul has greatly relieved the Insti tution, the transference to the Hospital of nearly 50 children, suffering from cutaneous disease, has, since the appointment of your Committee, been {effected, and, still more lately, arrangements have been made for the accommodation elsewhere of a number of the younger children. "5. Your Committee desire to point out that the cutaneous diseases from which so large a number of the children have been Buffering were aggravated by the admission of two or three cases known at the time of their ad mission to be afflicted with itch in a high state of development, and that these infected children were placed with the rest on what appears to your Committee the most unsatisfactory plea— that there was no room for them elsewhere. "6. Your Committee, whilst acknowledging the great interest taken in the children by many ladies and gentlemen who have visited the Brighton School, feel it right to point out the necessity of caution being exercised by per sons recording in the visiting books impressions produced on a superficial and hasty inspection, as it is an undoubted fact that at the very time when visitors were certifying to the healthy condition of the children, nearly one-half of them were suffering so severely from the itch that they had, a few days afterwards to be removed to the Hospital. "7. Your Committee find that the children are now receiving all the care and attention which it is possible to bestow upon them in so ill-suited a place as the Grace Darling—a place which no expenditure can render fit for the ser vice required, and upon which a. large sum of money has been already expended for merely temporary purposes. "8. Your Committee, regarding the present arrangements at Brighton as only temporary, refrain from recommending further improve ments ; and especially as the principal faults which prevailed some time ago have been one by one remedied. It is, however, recommended that the Matron be empowered to appoint and dismiss domestic servants (subject to the final sanction of the Board), and it is specially recom mended that a receiving-room he appointed at the Asylum in town, and that all new comers be examined by the medical officer before being allowed to mix with the other children. "9. Your Committee recommend that every exertion be made to complete the new Asylum at Magill with the utmost dispatch, as no amount of vigilance on the part of the Matron and Schoolmaster cam secure satisfactory results at Brighton, nor give full effect to the Act of last Session relative to the destitute poor, which Act in several particulars has been, and under existing circumstances must continue to be, very imperfectly earned out. "John EL Barrow, Chairman. " Committee-room, October 22,1867." Locality. 1864. 18«5. 1867. Adelaide Ob- servatory ... Kanyaka, Port Augusta Port Lincoln Bnngaiee ... Clare Kooringa ... Wallaroo ... Auburn Hamaton ... Kapanda Brookside ... O'Halloran Hfll WHlunga „. Goolwa Mount Barker Charleston ... Strathalbyn... McGrath'sFIat Sunnyside ... Guicheu Bay Mt. Gambler Penola 18.047] 3.071 13.273 18.6911 - 16,295j 1&024J 14.483 1.674 10.153 12.625 9.74S 7.293 14.550 18.0.11 12.260 15.301 16.730 5.630 4.117 13.370 12.618 15.769 13.048 10.48S 15.010 18.745 13.796 18.005 14.106 12.470 13.592 13.080 1&147 23.370 22.886 12.726 20.330 2ai45 19.725 16.255 20.84ffl 19.182] 20.329 12.20a 16.180 ia9i7 25.465 20.579 22.905 13.000 1L695 16.345 18.165 28.228 23.500 19.8% 25.207 12.194 25.704 26.670 15 520 15.135 20.225 20.914 26.269 23.055 17.340 23.749 13.529 24.636 3L565 14.080 15.320 i7.aw 20.890 2L160 22.780 " 2L139 24.075) 20.2151 Total Average ... 247.! 16. 33L0I 15.7< 388.059 16.8721 437.711 I 19.033 