THE DUKE OF EDINBURGH : RACES. from our melbourne correspondent.! Saturday, November 30. It is said, and with no doubt mqeh truth, that the Anglo-Saxon race require but small provoca tion to get up a dinner, the pet demonstration at home ; and here, whether in the interior or at the metropolis, no opportunity is missed of getting out an extra day's racing, so that it is hardly to be wondered that the presence of His Royal Highness has been seized upou there upon to improvise a meeting; and when the pro clivities of the people to this kind of sport is superadded to the attraction of seeing a live Prince with his suite, it is hardly to he won dered that the attendance to-day was beyond anything ever seen before on the Flemingtou racecourse. The management, alive to the pro bability of a large attendance, had made very considerable improvements and extensions, so as to be able to accommodate the expected increase, and it was well indeed they had done so. The day was beautifully fine, and the light rain of yesterday morning had sufficed to freshen the sward into flue racing condition. Long before the announced time for starting the first race there was a considerable gathering upon the hill, and as the public offices and places ot business in Melbourne closed at and about mid-day, the attendance rapidly iucreased until there was probably not far short of 30,000 pre- sent on the ground. His Royal Highness, ac companied by His Excellency and their re spective suites, arrived at the grand-stand in time for the first race, and was enthusiastically received, bowing his acknowledgement of the compliment. His Royal Highness appeared de lighted with the scene and sport. The band of the 14th Regiment was in attendance, and con siderably enhanced the entertainment. The racing was very fair, but the interest in the events of the day suffered from the eclipsing competition of His Royal Highness's presence, and there were many more inquiries as to which was the Duke, than which was Sydney Tim. The interest in the steeplechase was much re duced by the bringing the event down to the level of a mere hurdle race by the removal of the water jump, making the event a sort of sporting " Hamlet without the Ghost and one can hardly conceive that His Royal High ness will go away with a high impression of our " cross-country " accomplishments, if the best race of this kind that we can put before him is a mere hurdle race, with an anything but difficult log fence and low stone wall thrown in. Other wise the arrangements were excellent, and that energetic officer of the club, Mr Bagot, deserves high commendation for his very creditable exe cutive management of the affair. The " card " exhibited sport enough as far as events were concerned, no less than seven races being in the programme. Mr G. Watson performed the duties of starter, and Captain Scott acted as judge. It is a most creditable feature of the affair that the multitude behaved themselves and al lowed His Royal Highness to enjoy himself without being mobbed to death. He was, I am happy to say, allowed to go hither and thither, smoke his cigarette, eat his lunch with a few friends, etc., without being offensively and im pertinently subjected to ultra-loyalism, or toadying — a freedom which he appeared to fully appreciate, and looked much the brighter and easier for the absence of the restraint which the somewhat embarrassing solicitude and observa tion to which he has been subjected has hitherto rendered necessary. The tent which was fitted up expressly for the Royal and vice-regal party was a very tasteful affair. Oil the table were a selection of the choicest pelargeniums and fuschias to be seen in the colony at the present time. They were sup plied from the conservatory of Mr Hugh Glass, under the charge of that gentleman's head gar dener, Mr Ferguson. At each end of the tent was a flower-stand covered with the choicest potted flowers in full bloom, also furnished by the same gentleman. The wines supplied in the tent were expressly selected from the best of Mr Scott's stock. The first event of the day, which came off with admirable punctuality at 12.15, was the £100-plate. Distance, a straight half-mile. For this fourteen horses started. "Warrior got the lead at starting, but was passed on the post by Satellite, and the posting was as follows Mr H. Fisher's b g Satellite, aged, 8st 131b 1 Mr J. Crough's br g Warrior, aged, 8st 131b 2 Mr J. Holmes's g-g Protection, 6yrs, 8st 131b 3 It was stated that the Prince held £50 inte rest in Goyder's sweep over this race. Time, 53sec. The Huedle Race, a handicap sweepstakes of 5sovs each, 2sovs ft., with ISOsovs added. About three miles. Mr S. Davis's ch m Lady Glare, aged, lOst 4lb 1 Mr O. Kelly's br g Surprise, aged, 9st 121b 2 Mr G. Watson's b g Pyrrhus, aged, 9st 71b 3 At the second jump four came to grief, Sir Walter falling at the Abattoirs, by which he lost any chance he might have had of the race. After a close struggle, Lady Clare came in first, Sur prise a good second, Pyrrhus third. The Sapling Stakes, a handicap sweepstakes of lOsovs each, 2sovs ft., with 200sovs added, for two-year-olds ; three-quarters of a mile. Mr L. L. Smith's b c Melancholy Jacques, 8st 71b .1 Mr P. J. Keighran's bl c Zouave, 8st . 2 Mr C. B. Fisher's b f Fenella, 8st 71b . 3 Surrender was scratched. The start wgs somewhat delayed by Monsieur le -Beau bolting. After a very close finish, Melancholy was landed the winner, Zouave being second, and Fenella third. The greatest interest appeared to be taken in the Duke of Edinburgh Stakes, partly because of the heavy stakes, 5 sovs each with 500 sovs added, fifty sovs to go to the second horse, the third horse to save his stake, and probably in mauy instances from the association, by name, with our royal visitor. The distance was one mile and a half. For the event fifteen horses came to the start. Sydney Tim was the favourite for this race ; The following was the result : — Sydney Tim 1 Exile 2 Fireworks 3 Time — 2min. 56se. ; J Handicap Steeplechase;' of- 5sovs, each, ,2 ft., with 250 added ; about three miles: Banker . . . ; i - 1; I Western . . _ - . v. 5 2 Babbler . . . . . - i ' 2 Banker won by a head and neck. Galatea Stakes, of lOsovs each, half ft., with 250 sovs added ; two miles. Seven horses started for this race, coming in in the following order : — Fireworks . . : ; : ; ' ; L Glencoa . » su '. / i.i; - Fly ... 3 Time-r-3min. 43sec. The concluding event of the day, the Railway Stakes, of Ssoys each, with 150 sovs added, was won by Rip Van Winkle, L. L. second, and Craig's Tim Whtffler third. The Geelong correspondent of the Argus writes 'It was stated by Mr Love, M.L. A., to-day, on in formation said to have been obtained from Sir i? . Murphy, that at the assembling of Parliament on Tuesday, an Appropriation BUI WillLe Brought in without the £20,000 grant embodied; that the £20 000 will be brought up in a separate bRI ; and that there is a probability of the Upper House pas sing it under protest, in order that it may be re ferred to the home authorities foy settlement, and that this wo\ilc( prevent a- dissolution of Parlia ment.' Snod»er came across a man the other day who is so conservative that he refuses to take a particular medicine because it promises to work a radical cure. A Deep Lake.— A land speculator m America, in describing a lake on an estate in Cumberland County, says it is so clear and so deep, that by looking into it you can see them taking , tea. in China. 