No. 2. (To the Editors of Bell's Life in Sydney.) Gentlemen,-Last week I gave you tho shooting of ïromilow'a squad at tho short ranges, and promised to give you that of Danger's this week. I find tho lattor tquatl succeeded in thrashing tho former by ono point only, but in my opinion they ought to feel proud in tiring once headed tho chosen crack fire. I did not eipoct this result. Tho scores woro-Lynch, 75 ¡ Sharp, ïlî Dangar, 70; Gee, C7, Richards, G6 ; total, 352, .gainst 351 of Brownlow's squad. Now I como to tho long range practico of both squads, of which the least said Hie better, tho only two in tho lot that made respectable tcores being Linsloy, 97, and Hordern, 92 ; both good ?cores. îiono of Dangar's equud fired furl her than the »WOjards, where I find Lynch wns top with G3, tho others ticing with 55 each. Richards did not put in an appear ?nee. Tho shooting of bith squads ut these ranges was »try bad indeed. Tho above mutches are now brought to a close, ofter thrco wooka hard work for competitors uni registrars. Of tho latter, Mr John Cooper has done more than his share, and had it not been for his indefuti pblè eserlions throughout, theso matches could never «»0 been brought to a close. Tho thanks of tho cotn pttitors aro nlso due to Mr Wells for his kindness and mention. Tho shooting is all ovor, and I havo no hesi- tation in telling our mon that their chanco of getting a prue is very small indeed. Tho only men who have this dunce are Brownlow, for his 78 points out of 80, possiblo «' 500 ; Lynch, for his 150 out of 160 possiblo ut 600 «M GOO, and Sharp, for his 64. at 1000. Hordern and liusley, who have, undoubtedly, shot well all through WK mutches, hayo little chance of a prize, but they nave in Ilia abrogate) succeeded in placing themselves above all the other men ; they" are respectively only 3 and 4 points behind Iiynuh at the short ranges. They tie with eaoh other for top at tho long ranges, and are first and seoond nil through. I* said. I expected Hordern tobo top at tho*long rangea, but I did nat oxpeat him to oomo with suoh a rush. I did not think they oould give tho go>by so early to thoso who imagine tho top place their proper position. Tho scores in both matches are Hordern, 3-11 ; Linsley, 310. I have taken their two bost shootings in each match, as this is tho way tho scoros will be taken in England. For individual range shooting tho best scores made wore by Brownlow at 500; Raynor nt GOO ; Lynch at 800; Linsle/at 900_j_ and Sharp at 1000 ynrds. For individual aggregate* scoros nt short ranges-two best competitions-Lynch, 150 points. For tho lons range, Hordern 195, and Linsley 193\. Brownlow's squad has beaten Dungur's by 13 points at short, and 120 at long ranges. These matches hare improved tho shooting of our men wonderfully, and they hnro brought out another promising small-bore shot in Geo, who, in a little time, will find that ho is not fur behind any of his fellow riflemen. Hangar is also im- proving with his new rifle, and I oxpect to And him in the next Intercolonial Match. Why Brownlow shot'so badly throughout I cannot say, but I hear hellas been changing his sights, if this has bien the case he could not expect bettor Iuek. Slade would, if he had beon in good health, have placed himself, if notât thotop, veryolosetoit. Rayner has shot pretty well through all the matches, but this time he must bo satisfied with nothing. I cannot see anything in his scores that will give him tho ghost of a chance for a prizo. Thanking you for your kindness and attention to all matters connected with volunteering, and hoping that you may continuo to receive tho Biippott of ?nv brother volunteers. I aro, &o.;, BULL'S-EYE 