NOTES ON THE MONTH. Lonrox, July 26.' THE month has been a month of festivity and holiday-making. John Bull has been " seeing company," and playing the host to a. variety of distinguished foreigners. The Sultan has been here and the Viceroy of Egypt; and the Belgians, two thousand four hundred strong. They have each and all been entertained in the national manner -that is to say, they have been made to eat and drink freely-the children of the .prophet and the christians indiscriminately. They have partaken of what is called the hospitality of the nation-that is to say, they have been treated to banquets at the Guildhall, to profuse speeches, to cheering of excited mobs, and ringing of church-bells. 'Chief among our guests, by his high rank and. singular quality, is the Padishah, the Khaleef-el-Islam, the Commander of the Faithful, the Successor of the Imaums, and Representative of the Prophet, known to the infidel dogs as his Imperial Majesty Abdul Azziz Khan, Sultan of Turkey. Surely this is the most extraordinary visitor which Eng-. land has ever had since she was a nation, whose very announcement was enough to make our stone. knights in the Temple Church uncross their legs and grasp their swords. That Mohamed and Termagaunt should be here in person, on .Christian soil, was marvel enough. That he should be welcomed as an honoured guest, cheered in the streets by an English mob, and feasted by the Lord Mayor, were surely the crown of all the wonders. I could not help think ing, as I stood at one of the windows of mine host of the Golden Cross, who had decked his front all over with flags, and.. heard the bells of St. Martin's ringing out lustily as a little" podgy, bow-legged Turk, with the regular Saracen's head under a big fez,, entered the' royal carriage from the railway-station, of all the strangeness of this rare vision. To the Sultan, perhaps, the thing was no less startling, though, like a well-bred Moslem, he -took. care to wear the usual vizor of sleepy indifferen'ce on his heavy features. I can only compare his look to that bored expression which the lion wears at-the Zoo, upon a Sunday afternoon, when he is mobbed' by the swells and has a look-out over a forest of ohignons. Was he thinking of what 'his ancesto'r Othman, Bajazet the, Terrible, or. Mahmoud;, .who took. Constantinople, would hav'e said, could any of those illustrious potentates have seen 'his degenerate descendant ? Was he. reckoning'how perilous would .be his walk over; the sword-edge' which leads to Eblis, when :it' would be set against him that he had hob-nobbed with the children of the infidel, and feasted and. drunk. wine with' those sons of burnt fathers ? Was he gazing at. the moon-faced beauties of 'the F.ranki and meditating upon an increase' to his harem 'stock-? Yet. Abdul Azziz, we :hear, is' a chaste --and temperate: prince, not after' the manner 'of his kind; who has only one wife to his name;" and accepts her as sufficien1.' : He, was sufficiently. well-edu cated. in ithe ,manners of :the West' not to show any marked surprise at. his reception. The Turk: is 'in 3fact,'what we are too prone to forget,' as mhch a :European : as an Asiatic. He is `acivilized being, .and not a savage, and is familiar with luxury and re finement. The"' Sultan himself'is known to. be a ..man of considerable personal intelli-,. gence, and though :this is his first visit to the West, he must have come not altogether Sunprepared to; see and' hear that which was offered' to hivission and hlis hearing. -From a passing glimpse: that limanaged to obtain of the Padishah's;couintenance,- 'it seemed .to me that the :?revirailing expression in his carefully set fa~tures was one of haughty melancholy. - The- representative 'of Othman could not' butj iountrast the evidences of the wealth,. the power, and the civilisation which he saw around' him, with' what he had left behind. him in:Turkey. ' As: an "earnest re former and civiliser in his own dominion, he S.must' have fet:hi w? .very far' the Tur k is :still behind his' cor?ipetitdrs 'in thie race for empire. H-e nust hav been visited almost by a ,feeling ·,of "despair, when he looked upon 'the signs 'around him;, :and thought of all the changes that had happened since the. rk'u. rwas master [of Europe. ' Was it pos sible that any ruler could so advance Turkey as to bring :her once more on a level with her 'rivals.? Could the civilisation which was needed ` for the Turk, before he could hold his own in the race, be made- compatible withl the 'religibo . of Mohamed ? Such Sthoights minust have passed through the mind of.the Sultan, as he surveyed the numerous .evidences around him of power, of:refinement~, and of comfort. In Paris he inight have admired the unparalleled beauty 'and splendour of the new streets, the general appearance of luxury, the-evidences of military force; but ".in London it Sas a new spectacle which was offered to the ruler of Turkey-one even more likely to make an impression upon an Eastern mind. It was the sight of solid wealth-of successful industry-of individual freedom. We had no international exposition to show him. We could treat him to no such Im perial hospitality. We have but a small army, and we don't keep it for show, or for home use. London itself as a city for plea sure is not to be compared with Paris. It is our great workshop, not only our place of recreation. But I doubt whether the Sul tan, as he passed through the vast crowds which had assembled about his route to do him honour, was not more impressed with the genuine and spontaneous welcome which he received, rough though it must have been, than with all the decorous and regu lated demonstrations of the Parisian multi tude. The Sultan has come and has gone, having taken his pleasure with much patience and courage. A good deal of both of. these qualifications were required, as will be seen by a list of the convivialities in which we indulged upon the occasion, in. the :truly British manner. There was the fete- at the Guildhall, which is ever a ponderous and serious affair, with my Lord Mayor's speeches and the aldermanic guzzling. Then. there was the naval review, which, as it was a stormy day, anid the Sultan is a bad sailor, must have been a somewhat painful gratifica tion. * Then the volunteer camp at Wimble don, 'on which the rain came down in tor rents, drenching the Sultan to his imperial skin, who gallantly refused all cloak or shelter. Then the visit to Windsor, which occupied exactly two. hours and a quarter .from the time when the Sultan left Buck-= ingham Palace to the time when he re turned, which mtst have been a cheerful business. Then the fete at the Horticul tural Gardens, at which was seen the rush of the British nation after a new celebrity, always a terrible and portentous sight.- No wonder the poor Sultan looked .bored and sleepy with the weight of his entertainment. He showed the most lively interest, I am told, at two things-at the shot and shell in Woolwich arsenal, and at the corps de ballet in her Majesty's Theatre. It was the old Adam working in the Turk. A good deal of disappointment was felt on the score of the Sultan's wives, of which it was expected thatir a few hundreds among the lighter and more portable ones would have been brought over as travelling stock; but this portion of his Majesty's suite (the joke is unavoidable) was left behind. - I have already said that his Majesty is, on this score, a most exem plary family man ;: but the British public will? not be persuaded out of the idea that Mohammedans' are like Mormons, and have an unlimited conjugal capacity. Hence the extraordinary attraction of the Sultan to the British female, and the wonder and curiosity with which the sex rushed tumultuously after -the 0Ottomite, wherever he appeared. The: Viceroy of Egypt was, of course, ' small potatoes" in our eyes, so long as his suzerain was here., He was, however, hos pitably entertained as one who has done good service to England, and is in a position to do more. He is a little :dark stout gen tleman, older and smaller than his lord the Sultan,: but with a more lively and active expression of countenance. He is better acquainted with. Europe and with civilised manners, having been educated in France in his early youth, and having once before visited England in the suite of his uncle, Said Pasha.:' As the son ?of the famous Ibrahim--- the greatest military genius which the Turikish i'race has produced these two hundred years--and the ruler of a great and famous country, the Pasha of Egypt is a potentatel well worthy of English welcome. We were nearly making a mess of our hospitality, however, in . his case, as it was arranged by the authorities that he was to be lodged at Olaridge's Hotel during his stay in London. This was denounced very generally by the public voice as a :;I:very shabby arrangement. Why, it was asked, with an abundance of palaces, could we not lodge the ruler of Egypt in a place .becoining .his rank? What could be in worsea manners than to send our guest to an inn? It was no com pliment: to the richest, man in the 'orld- which the Pasha is-to tell him that we would see that his hotel bill was paid. He would probably reply, that he was able to pay his own bills. In the eyes of an Eastern, to be received in a khan is a special indignity, for the only inns which they have in the East are common'to all men alike, the beggar and the pasha. For tunately, at the last moment, a public spirited nobleman, the Eail of Dudley, came forward to the rescue of our national character for hospitality by offering his mansion in Park-lane for the Pasha's use. Thus this little difficulty, which made a good deal of bad blood between the people and the sovereign, was_ satisfactorily ar= ranged. While we had the Sultan of Turkey and the Viceroy of Egypt on our hands, we had also quartered upon us a detachment of Belgian riflemen, two thousand five hundred strong. This was no small tax upon our hospitality, for your Belgian is an excellent trencher-man, and takes his liquor most kindly. We had expected about one thousand Belgians, and had provided for that number; but, at the last moment, there arrived two thousand five hundred, including nearly the whole Civic- Guard of Brussels and of Antwerp, and, as we might guess, about a quarter of the entire standing army of Belgium. Thi$ was a little too much, and John Bull for a brief while was in some perplexity.-- The occasion was enough to try even his hospitable temper.. The host who has provided a neat little dinner for six, and hears his butler announce that there are fifteen gents on the stairs, may be pardoned if he should lose for a moment his serenity -of mind. The best manager in the world could hardly restrain a feeling of anxiety as to the provision. Two thousand -five hundred Belgians, are about a quarter of the whole army which ran away at Waterloo. They were excellent fellows, no doubt; but two thousand five hundred !-it . was - felt: to be beyond- a joke. No .wonder that there should have been some little .hitch in the ' arrangements for their enter tainment. ` - The preparations which had been made were based on the supposition that there ° would be a thousand guests in all; but when the number rose to fifteen hundred, then'the next day to two thousand, and finally :to- two thousand five hundred, the reception committee were reasonably in some despair. Of the private persons who had visited the Belgians generally it was hardly to be supposed that they were pre pared to quarter and to feast a small army. The first difficulty was about, the transport of the Belgians. The largest ship in the British navy-the Serapis-was dedicated to the service; but she was only built to carry a single regiment of British soldiers, with their wives and families. By dint of great exertions and much pinching, how ever, eighteen hundred Belgians were taken on board. Then commenced a scene of con fusion and disorder, of which the full truth has been judiciously suppressed in the English papers. By some blunder the Belgians came on board without their com manding officer, and they would acknow ledge no one else as competent to give orders. - The majority of the men, who were not volunteers at all, in an English sense, but rather militia, were of a compara tively inferiri sbcial grade, and were not likely to be much restrained by feelings of delicacy on such an occasion. Their appe tite for food was something enormous, and the probability that they had been starving themselves for a week before, in order to do justice to English fare, was highly flattering to the national character. At dinner, I am informed by a member of the English press who was on board, the scene was something beyond description. Lee braves Belges stormed the tables as though they had been the provision tents of the army. They fought and struggled for meat; they sacked the \- tables ; they drenched themselves with beer and wine. They ate largely, and not prettily. One hungry Belgian was seen deliberately to -bite- a :piece out of a leg of mutton :which he grasped in both hands. Alto gether it was' an orgie of guzzling. Some notion of the partiality of the brave fellows for flesh may be estimated from the fact that there had been five thousand pounds of cooked meat prepared on board the Serapis, besides bread, vegetables, &c.; The whole had disappeared, but some three hundred pounds, in the course of the transit, which occupied some twelve hours. At what was called the officers' table I am informed that the scene was scarcely more decorous. The rage for beer on the part of the Belgian officer must be a kind of chronic disease, for there were :sixty dozen of ale consumed by one hundred and forty men, who then clamoured for more, and broke into a private store of the gun-room officers to obtain it. From the Serapis to the shore there was another scene of confusion, owing principally to the excessive number of our visitors. They disembarked at last, after some irregular fashion, and invaded the streets. Here their welcome was on the whole very cordial, although the .Londoners are not good at out-door pageants. As many SBelgian flags as could be had were displayed over the houses, and there was much cheer ing by the multitude. The next day the Belgians marched in procession to the Guild hall, and partook of the Lord M[ayor's hos pitality. With this, it is said, they were greatly disappointed, as indeed they might be, after the Serapis. There was neither food nor liquor enough, and there were aldermen present to share what there was.. There was much hospitable speech- making, however, of the usual kind; and on the whole, the city did its duty very fairly. For a week after that the streets were pervaded with Belgians- mostly stout, well-looking fellows, handsomely dressed, though not with much of a martial tenue. A big Belgian, six feet six inches high, who had on him a bearskin shako about a yard long, the tamboutr mnajeur of one of the regiments, was the object of much attention on the part of: the London small boys. As we became used to our multitudinous guests we got on better with them, and the whole visit, which promised at one time to be a fiasco, went off at last very satisfactorily. The ball at the Agricultural-hall, at which there were eight thousand people present, was the most successful thing of the kind ever known in London; and the Londoners were forced to confess that they could do some thing in the way of organising a festivity when they had a mind. . The Belgians went away highly pleased, as well they might be, and full of their good fare. I suppose next summer we shall have the whole of the Im- perial Guard of France here. Why should - we not carry still further the practice of this useful hospitality ? There is only one impediment in the way of such a design, and that is, that the French Imperial Guard are likely to have other engagements about that time. There can be no doubt whatever that the aspect of affairs on the continent is just now extremely seri ous. Those who have relied on the effect of the late imperial and royal, visits to Paris as. assurances of peace are likely to be disap pointed. It will probably appear, in the next event, that these visits have only has tened a consummation which I have believed from the first was inevitable. The Emperor and his late. guests are mutually disap pointed with each other. Bismarck, who had come to try the effect of that personal diplomacy which once before at Compidgne he had found so successful, was thwarted in his purpose. The Emperor avoided, it is said, all opportunities of familiar inter course; so that matters between France and Prussia remain precisely where they did six months ago. It is true that the Luxem burg question is settled; but the Luxemburg question was never the real cause of the dif ference between Prussia and France; and, moreover, the, very arrangement of that affair is to Prussia a source of new. irrita tion, as she believes herself to have been jockeyed out of her claims by an illusory engagement. - The joint guar antee of the powers is discovered to be a worthless security, inasmuch, as it does not require any one of them to act without the co-operation of the others. The same jealousy which nearly led to an explosion in the second week of April has revived both in Prussia and in France; and I confidently believe that we shall see the marching of armies to the Rhine even before the Exhibition is closed. France, it is certain, has never intermitted her military preparations. She has been busily en gaged in enlarging her army, in arming her soldiers with the Chassepot rifles, and in storing up material of war. The fact is hardly denied now by the official organs ,in Paris. The order seems to have gone forth, in fact, that the press is to insult Prussia as much as possible. War is spoken of openly as a probable contingency. The Presse deliberately charges Count Bismarck with meditating a partition of Austria, as " a preliminary to a partition of France." The Pays, which is a government organ, says, "that Prussia is now preparing for war is an established fact." This language, it is rightly argued, can only be used to justify the preparations which France herself is making. Within the last month, by a new arrangement of companies in the battalions of French in fantry, some twenty-five thousand men were quietly added to the army. The young men belonging to the reserve con tingents of 1864 and 1865 have lately been drafted into the regiments and incorporated with the army-an, extreme measure, as these are conscripts who have only had five months' training. The purchase of horses continues to be made on a large scale. The manufacture of the new rifles is being hurried on as quickly as possible. Besides what the imperial factories and the private contractors in France have in hanl, a contract for three hundred thousand has been given to an Italian firm at Brescia. By the end of October, I am told that three fourths of the French army will have been provided with, and trained in, the Chasse -pot rifle. On the part of-Prussia, the war feeling is quite as great, though it is less openly mani fested. The. war preparations are less con spicuous, because, in fact, they are not re quired to be made. The Priussian army, since the conclusion of '.the Austrian cam paign, has remained in a state of perfect efficiency and fitness for active service. I fear it cannot be doubted that the temper of the Prussians is such that they will not brook any further demands which may be mnade upon-Prussia by France, or submit to any dictation as to the mode in which the Bismarck programme is to be carried out. The two immediate points of conflict be tween France and Prussia-either of which is sufficient, in the temper of those nations, to lead to a war-are, first, the reconstitu tion of the German Customs Union upon a new basis, the effect of which is really to make one power of the whole German terri tory outside the dominion of Austria. This is in direct contravention of the Treaty of Prague, which fixes the Mayn as the south ern frontier of the new Prussian kingdom. Secondly, there is the question of North Schleswig, which is still in abeyance. By the treaty, Prussia is required to give up a portion of Schleswig to Denmark; but she has not yet done so, and before doing so she requires a pledge from the Danish govern ment that the German residents in the dis trict to be transferred shall not be interfered with in their rights of nationality. To which'Denmark has replied that she has no pledges to give; that all her subjects have the same security for their liberties; that, inasmuch as she has not practised, nor is in the habit of practising, any tyranny over any class of her subjects, the Germans within her dominion require no greater guarantee for their rights than their fellow-citizens. This answer, however, does not suit Prussia in her present exalted temper. Therefore she has refused to execute a portion of the Treaty of Prague. That mischief lurks in this refusal I think there is much reason to apprehend. By this morning's telegram in the Standard, I learn from Berlin that "the French envoy has delivered to' the Prussian government a copy of a despatch, in which the French government makes, in the inte rest of Denmark, the North Schleswig ques tion a subject of discussion." Hitherto, Prussia has denied to any power but Austria the right of interfering in the execution of the Treaty of Prague. It remains to be seen whether she will persevere in this attitude against France. Among those in authority in England I have reason to know that there is a very decided opinion as to the prospect of a con tinexital war. The Emperor, it is said, will be forced into war, as a means of recovering his lost prostige in the matter of Mexico, and to divert his people from the very marked disposition which they are beginning to show to take a part in the management of their own affairs. The Mexican expedition has been a terrible blow to the Emperor's popu larity. It has dissipated for ever the popu lar opinion of his infallibility. It is just one of those blunders which are most galling to the pride of a Frenchman, and there is no doubt that the whole nation would back the Emperor in seeking for some vent to the sore feeling which this mistake has left behind. The tragical fate of Maximilian has filled the cup of the Emperor's humiliation. Never did the military pride of France receive so severe a buffet as this. The whole nation shares with the Emperor the. disgrace of poor Maximilian's death, for if it was Napo leon who tempted that unhappy prince to the throne, it was the French people who insisted upon his being deserted when there, and who left him to perish thus miserably in the hands of barbarians. If I were the ghost of Maximilian I should make it very unpleasant for some of my brother Emperors. In England, where there is some one fool enough or frantic enough to take up every possible side of opinion, it will scarcely surprise you to hear that Maximilian's death has been justified, and Benito Juarez held up as a very ill-used person. Of course, it is the so-called "liberal" party which come forward now as the defenders of this cowardly and wanton assassination. Juarez was of the liberal party himself-you will know what that means. Nana Sahib also was of the liberal party, and Mr. Broadhead, I and the Bengal sepoys. Mr. Goldwin Smith, a leading member of the radical doctrinaire school, a most bumptious and conceited gen tleman, who is always too ready to cry the contrary of what the nation believes, .has been writing not only the excuse of Juarez, but of Broadhead, and of one Beesley, another professor, who has been extenuating the Sheffield outrages. The Beesley doctrine, as propounded at a public meeting of London artisans, was this: that there were murders and murders; but, after all, what Mr. Broad head did was not so atrocious; that he was no worse than Governor Eyre; that society had brought this upon itself by its injustice I to the working-men. Every journal of any weight or respectability in the country, from the Times to the Spectator, and from the 1 . Saturday Review to Fun, joined in reproba tion of Professor Beesley's speech, which, of course, was a reason why Mr. Goldwin Smith should defend it and make it his own. The Reform Bill has finally passed the Commons, and is now before the Lords. The latter stages of the measure in the Lower House were not marked by any passages of interest. The distribution scheme of the government was adopted, with very little change, except that a third member was, at the last moment, conceded to Manchester, Liverpool, Birmingham, and Leeds. A second attempt at the introduction of the cumulative principle was defeated by a large majority. The third reading of the bill was carried without a division, amidst general cheering, after a vicious speech from Robert Lowe and a very. able one from Lord Cran bourne. Mr. Disraeli, in making his final re ply, was bitterly scarcastic on Mr. Lowe, whom he charged with having perpetrated the very crime which he now laid upon the govern ment- of having, in 1860, held office under a ministry which proposed a reform bill with a reduction of the borough suffrage. These taunts, however, of personal incon sistency begin to pall upon the public ear. The fact is, no one cares very much whether each particular minister has retained his purity, in the general satisfaction of having arrived at a settlement of the reform ques tion. It was not possible that this solution of the difficulty could have been arrived at without some breaking of ancient pledges, and some changes of principle. Every lead ing statesman in turn has changed--Mr. Gladstone quite as much as Mr. Disraeli and no one has a right to reproach his neighbour. It having been admitted that we must have a reform bill, the tories had quite as good a right to attempt the task as any other party, seeing that the necessity arose out of the laches of the liberal party, who had tried four different times and could not succeed in producing a reform bill. What the Lords may do with the bill it is difficult to guess. I believe myself that they will accept it almost as it is. There is no temptation to the peers to repeat the part which they played in 1832. They must feel that they had better take this from a conservative government than something worse from a liberal one. There is no going back from household suffrage. There may be an attempt to dislodge the lodgers, but I don't think it will succeed. Lord Grey made a speech and proposed an amendment on the second reading, which was very characteristic of his lordship, being crotch'etty, impracticable, and incoherent. Lord Cairns, on behalf of the government, made a powerful and eloquent reply, and the amendment was stifled. Her Majesty continues in her disposition to withdraw herself from the sight of her subjects; and the comments upon this in general society are not of a pleasant kind. Since the excellent George the Last de scended from earth, I do not. think royalty was ever more in disfavour than it is now. The scandals grow bolder and plainer every day. To-day it is of a young prince, who, with a beautiful wife stricken down by sickness, is able to console himself with an opera singer -behaving, in fact, not so much as the heir of England, but as the Prince of Lucca. As for his royal mother, her Majesty is said to be engaged in building a new house for herself in the remoter Highlands, which is to be seven miles away from the nearest human habitation-a queer fancy for one who has the range of many palaces. Lord Belmore is to be the new Governor of New South Wales, who is not to embark for Barataria until the close of the session. He is an amiable and modest young noble man, who ought to be an acquisition to an Australian colony. There is not much doing just now in th'e I world of literature. The publishing season has been singularly barren. There are new poems by Miss Ingelow and Mr. Robert Morris, who have both added to their already respectable reputations. Miss Braddon has written a new novel, and Mlr. Trollope has 1 completed another. Lieutenant Hozier's admirable letters from the Prussian army during the late war have been reprinted, and will be .found highly interesting. Sir Samuel Baker is about to publish a new book of African travel. The first volume of the Life and Correspondence of Prince ] Albert is to be issued very shortly, by com mand of her Majesty, and under the editor- 1 ship of General Sir Charles Grey. Mr. Lewes's new edition of the Biography of Philosophy is also announced; and I hear that George Elliot has another novel on the stocks. There are to be several new maga zines, one the Broadway, to be a combina- 1 tion of British and American . talent; and another, Tinsleys', to be edited by Mr. Edmund Yates. I don't know who reads all the magazines. The Fortnightly, which has been lately coming out once a month, is dying of inanition--of too much comtism and doctrinairism. 