TELEGRAPHIC. I-BOM OUB TELBGBAFHIO COBBESrONDBNTS, , SYDNEY. March 23. BBIEPLT, the rosult of the recent Postal Conferonco in Molbonrne is as follows : The moil services vid Gallo, Panama, and Torres' Straits aro to bo maintained. Tho con- tract witlrtho Peninsular and Oriental Com- pany is to bo allowed to terminate. The Imperial Government is to bo asked to pay half tho entire mail Bubaidios for the sor vicos por the abovo-mentioned routes, tho colo- nies paying tho othor half j that amount to bo divided proportionately amongst thom. The Torres' Straits service is to bo through to Singapore thus securing fortnightly com- munication per Overland Mail Queensland will bind herself to oxtond hor lino of telegraph to Capo York, and to erect lighthouses and beacons in the Straits. Tho Oonforeneo also docided tbat application Bhould bo mado to tho Home Government to givo its authority to a bill to bo paBBed by all the colonial legislatures, legalizing arrests for minor offences throughout the Australian Colo- nies by the authorities of any one of thom. Tho Goolong, mail stoamor, takos 2500 sove- reigns. Clarke's gang, reported to be in Viotoria, still infest the Braidwood district. The Victorian bushrangers are a new gang. ADELAIDE. Maroh 23. Two of tho lightkeopew of tho Ironbridgo Light, and their families, havo beonaccidentally, drownod by the capsizing of a boat. TUE motion of Alderman Darragh with re- ference to the Eire Brigade -will probably come on again to-day at tho Council for discussion. "Wo have little doubt that in its presont shopo it would bo nogativod, but it ÍB possiblo that a compromiso between thoso wbo would throw tho brigado ovorboard altogether and those who desire to continue to thom tho presont subsidy might bo como to with advantage. If we aro rightly informed, tho insuranco companies would bo willing to share amongst thom, in cer- tain proportions, half tho allowance mado to tho brigado whilst on duty, on tho condition that the Corporation paid tho other half. This I sceDjs a very equitable plan, and if two or tbree I members of the Corporation, or His "Worship tho Mayor, mot the agents of tho insuranco companies and discussed tho matter, it might bo settled for good, and all in a very few minutes. THE Volunteer Firo Brigado will moot for drill this evening, at the usual time and place. TO-MOBBOW evening the Philharmonic Society's conoert will take place. This ovening 1 the socioty will have its final rehorsal. MB. GEORGE B. MASON is again about com- mencing to give instruction in dancing. His class will meet to-morrow evoning at IIÍB rooms, Albort-stroot, near Cobb's Livery Stables. WE perceive from our advertising columns, that tho Amateur Porformanco in aid of the Brisbano Hospital, whioh will tako place on Fri- day, the 29th instant, has received a valuable addition to the programme by tho band of the Philharmonio Society having vory kindly con- sented to porform Boveral selections during tbo evening, which wo have no doubt will bo highly appreciated by tho public, the moro BO on ac- count of tho charitable objeet. THE Pigeon Shooting match rcforrod to in our last, is positively fixed to como off on Satur- day noxt, at Kelvin Grove Hotel. Entranco tickets cost £1 each, and may be obtained of Mr. Simmonds, of tho Cafó de Paris. Five pigeons aro allowed each competitor. Tho firo ing will bo oonducted in accordance with tbo rulos usual at such matches. THE nautical drama entitled "The Flying Dutchman, or the Phantom Ship," was pro- duced at the Boyal Viotoria Theatre, on Satur- day night, boforo a good houso. Mr. J. L. Byers supported tho charactor of Vanderdecken, the Captain of the Phantom Ship, remarkably well, and Miss Julia Hudson was successful as Lestell VanMm, tho heroine of the piece. In tho course of the drama Master Massey per- formed a domon danco, which was applauded. Tho entertainment concluded with "The Wind- mill Man." THE performances at tho Alexandra Thcatro, on Saturday night, were of a very sensational character. A drama entitled "The Pirate's Legacy," formed the first piece, and was fol- lowed by the second act of "Eugeno Aram," in which tbe Ghost Illusion was introduced. Tho burlesquo of " Tho Bride of Abydos " con- cluded tho programme for the evening. A MEETING- was held at tbe Queen's Hotel, on Saturday afternoon, for the purpose of ap- pointing a deputation to present the petition in favor of tho establishment of a market to the Town Council. Tho Hon. James Gibbon, M.L.C., was called to the chair, Dr. Bancroft produced tho copies of tho petition, which hod boen numerously signed, not only in Brisbane, but by producers in all the surrounding dis- tricts. Ho Btated that he had had somo con- versation on the subject with the Mayor, Mr. Hockings, who informed him that ho had for many years taken a warm intorest in tho estab- lishment of a market for Brisbane. When ho was Mayor boforo ho had tho row of shops put up which had sinco been removed by order of the Town Council ; but now ho was again in offlco ho would endeavor to promoto tho objoot they had in view by evory means in his powor. Dr. Bancroft suggested that as they would require the market to bo shaded, it would bo advisable to plant a clump of bamboos, which would give a graceful and agreeable shade, botter than any shod accommodation that could be erected. On tho motion of Mr. Bridgman, Dr. Banoroft, Mr. Rodo, Mr. Lado, and Mr. John Nicholson wero appointed a deputation to wait upon tbo Mayor, and to request him to present the peti- tion at the nest meeting of the Town Council. Mr, Short directed the attention of tho mooting to tbo fact that in tho plan which had been selected by tho Town Council for the new inarkot it was proposed to ereot thirty shops, which would probably bo ,takon by tho doalers residing in the town, but it did not appear that any provision waB contemplated in that plan for the accommodation of the growors who brought thoir produce to tho market. Tiiis was o groat ovorsight. It was for tho accommodation of the producers and not of the doalers that the market was required, and if ample accommodation were not provided for those who brought their produce for aalo the now market would bo of very little benefit to the public. Produco of a perishable nature required to bo sheltorod from tho boat of tho sun, and in any market that might bo estab- lished boro it would be necessary to próvido a placo where suoli goods might be exposed for sale without injury. Ho thought it would bo advisable for thoBO who wero specially interested i in the market to watoh ita progreBB and to see | that the necessary accommodation was pro- vided. If the arrangements wore not satisfac- tory, or if thoy wero dofeotive, a meeting might bo convened at whioh the matter could bo dis- cussed, aud tho result of thoir deliberations communicated to tho municipal authorities. Mr. Jarrott conourred in that viow, and pro- posed that Mr. John Nicholson should bo ap- pointed convonor of tho mooting at any time whon such a Btop might be considored noeessary. Mr. Bode seoonded tho motion, whioh was adopted unanimously. Mr. Pugh, M.L.A., suggOBted that application should bo mado to tho Mayor for a copy of tho draft of the Market Eegulations, which had, ho under- stood, boen already drawn up by the Council. Tho Chairman considorod tho suggestion a very good one, but thoir prosont object was to get tho markot under way. A voto of thanks waa givon to the Chairman, and tho meeting ter- minated. The deputation immediately procoeded to the Mayor, and requested him to present the petition at tho noxt mooting of tho Council. Tho Mayor received thom very cordially, and promised to givo the mattorhiscamoatconsidera tion and Ha support. THE weather yostorday showed symptoms of a change, and wo fearod lest tho rain was about to return. Fortunatoly, howovor, it cleared off, and tliero is now ovory prospect of oui- con- tinuing to bo favored with tho same glorious season for harvest work of all sorts whioh has boon enjoyed for tho last ton days. THE following figures show the stato of Her Majesty's Gaol, at Brisbane, for tho week onding March 23, 1867:-For trial at Brisbano, 2 males, 1 femólo; imprisonment, 7 malos, 4 females j remand, 1 malo j penol servi- tude, 58 males ; hard labor in tho gaol, 43 males, 7 femaloa ; debtors, 2 malos ; fines, 1 malo, 7 females ; bail, 2 maloB. Total, 116 malos, 19 femólos. OaowN LANDS.-The following portions of land havo boon taken up BÍUCO our {Warwick Examiner and Times) last under the Leasing Clauses Aot, at 2s. 6d. por aero :-Situated at Pi-atton, C4 acres 3 roods 35 porchos, Samuel Young j Worwiok Bcservo, 223 acres 3 roods, E. L. Thornton j 108 acres, J. O. White. Mr. W. B. Tooth has purohasod 709 OCI-OB at £1 per aoroB, situated in the parish of Clifton. Mr. E.L. Thornton has also purchased 48 acres 2 roods at £1 per aero, situatod in tho Warwick Agricul- tural Bosorvo. YBSTEBDAX (says the Warwick Examiner and Times) a man named Sullivan while mounting his horso at Davis and Harris' store, fell off to tho ground, and recoivod a rather Bovoro cut on the fleshy part of the arm from an axe whioh ho had just purchaBod, and which had preceded him in its fall and lay with edge up. Though a dool of blood was lost, yet the wound was not serious, and ho left the town to- day. _ 