i P Ait L I A M E N T. LEGISLATIVE ASSEMBLY. TUESDAY, 10TH JULT, 1807. Tbs SrRAiiR took tho chair at twonly-nina minnies past 3 o'clock. NEW MEMBER. 'Mr. W. Henry Suttor, tho newly eleoted member for Bathurst, being Introduced by Mr. White and Mr. Lloyd, tonk tho oath, and having signed the roll sat down on the Opposition sida ot the Uou<e. DEEDS OJ? GRANT FOR PTJHLIO INST1TU TIONS. Mr. TIGHE aiked the Attorney-Genoral Do tho Government Intend to prop-no mr law during tba prônent Session to huthoilaa tba li>«uo nf Deeds rf O ram to Trtiitcrs far Lands SKI apart for Churches, Schoots of Ar:s, and other public institutions I Air. MARTIN slid the aubject was now ander tho consideration of the Govornment. KLEOTHJÜ TIS LEGRA PU TO JERVIS BAY LIGHTHOUSE. Mr. GARRETT asked tho (secretary for Public Works Is lt tho Intention of the Government to take tho necessary steps to connect th« llftlit-liouan nt Jervis Day by electric telegraph With the portof äyduoy I Arr. BYRNES said a select committee of tho Legis- lativo Counoil in 1863 recommended that linos of aleo trio telegraph to the several lighthouses along the coast of the colony, and a plan for the aonneotloa of tba lighthouse at Jervis Bay bf telegraph with the port of Sydney was recommended by the Superintendent of Telegraphs in 1S6S. This, with several e her similar sohemes, are now under the consideration of tl;o Gov- ernment. THIS HOM AN CATHOLIC GAOL CHAPLAIN AT POUT MACQUARIE. Mr. J. STEWART asked tho Colonial Secretary What steps rho Government bavo taken, or moan to lake. In reforenco to Ibo allcgod misconduct of Ibo Roman Cathollo cbftTtaln of tho gaol at l'on Mooquarla on tho 2UIU Juno! Mr. PARKES said on the occasion of tbe conduct referred to, tbe gaoler 'at Port Macquarie took on him- self on his owb responsibility of refusing to the chaplain pormiision to enter within tho limits of tho gao). Tho conduct both of tho chaplain and of the gaoler ¡a now belnc investigated on the spot. PUBLIC SCHOOLS ACT REGULATIONS. Air. MACPHERSON asked tba Colonial Sooretary W hollier It Is tho Intonion of tho Government formaliyto move tbe adoption by the House of thu l'ubllo School« Aot of lSfl'i Regulations, r crotty laid on tho labio of tho Itotuo, or simply to ado« tbcm to acquire the fore« or law by effluxion of timo? Mr. PARKES said an the régulation», According tba Act, could be disallowed by an express resolutloo both Houses, it was not necessary for tbs Qovernmai to make any motion on tbs subject, PETITION FROM NUNDLE GOLD MINERS. Mr. PICKERING presented a petition from go miners at Nnndle, complaining of a grievance, ac praying this honorable House to grant suoh relief) might se* m just. The petition wa« received," DISTRIOT COURT RETURNS. Mr. MARTIN laid on tho fabio of the House, di triol court return«,' which were ordered to be printei VOLUNTEER A OT. Brr. PARKES brought up a bill to regálate th Volunteer force. Tbs bill was read a first time, ordered to be prints and the second reading made an order of the day fi to morrow (Wednesday} week. TRIENNIAL PARLIAMENTS BILL. , Dr. LANG, 'as a formal motion, movinl fer leave I bring in a bill to limit the duration of all future Pa liaments to three year«. Tba motion was seconded and carried, and the bl was, at a subsequent period of the evening, bro'ngl up and read a fiis't time. Ii was ordered to be printei ar.d theiscond reading made an order of the day fe this day fortnight. 1 RETURNS OF CRIMINALS. Mr. BUCHANAN, as a formal motion, moved - Tliat an tutanos be presented lo lim Governor, proving thi lil« Excellency will be pleased lo causo to bo laid on til tabla of this House, a return showing' I. Tho number i cilmlnals convicted during the last llve viaxs In tbs Courts i Quarter Bo-blons and Supremo O.lntlnal Coona of this country 2\. the crlmowlth which,each prisoner waa chure-d, and lb punUbment awarded on conviction. :i Tho religious sec willoi, orrrr prlsouor so convicted professed to belong to. Tho motion wa« seconded but negatived on division the votes being-aje», 9 ; noes, 29. Thi» mtaorii; consisted of Messrs. J. Stewart, Bu oh an an, Tighe, Lucai Sutherland, Lanir, Garrett, Rmld, and Forster. RETURN OF CONUITIONAL ^PURCHASES. Mr, NOWLAN, ns a formal motion, moved ."That tilers bo laid on tho tMilo of this House, a retun showing lb« number of acre« meitaured In -attsfnollnn of COD dlllnnal purchasos inado under the Act Si Viet, Ko. I, frat tho 1st January, 1802, to Slat December, 1800, IncluaWo-tb number and averaga area of such purchases, and tho estimate! cost per ncr« of tho-taeasurcment of th«'«ame. Tho motion wu« seconded, and oaniod. STATE OF THE PUBLIC CREDIT. Mr. SAMUEL rose to call attention toa matts which he deemed af very groat importance, and ii .ordor to ¿o so he moved the adjournment of the House The mattor was thi*:-The explanation given by th hon. the AttomoyGencral in reference to a passsgi in the Governor's speech. Ile (Mr. Samuel) call« attention to a paragraph in thkt speech, which bore th interpretation that Treasury Bills were to be paid ou of loans. ' The ' lion: gentleman at 'the hoad of thi Government stated that it was not 'the intention o tbo'Government to pay these hills out .of leans; bn that the loan fund was indebted 'to tho consol! dated revenue in a largo sum. Now a f-i ovenlnga since the Colonial Trossnrer laid on the tabb of, tho House a statement of the pnblio aocounts, a , the end of Ibo year 1800, willoh showed a balance o £G"3 000 to the credit .of the consolidated revenue His hon. Mond (Mr. Marlin) conld not know, when lu ,mado that reply, bow this balance was mado np. Hat ho done ,so, be wi u'd never -have made the reply hi did, which wm calculated to deceive. ' Tn this state mont of .«oct un lp, credit was taken for receipts to tbi 'amount of £3,807,423. ''T&at; sum feos mado u| in thle way:-No less than £709,001) of I was horrowed, and ia1 this Way £74,001 last year br sale ofTreasury- billi, am £495,344 by the sale of debenture». And £C00,00l was borrowed, aa a temporary loan, from tho Mutua Provident Society and the Savings* Bank, So that thc balance the dion.'member > Mr. Martin) spoke of thi other day must have been made op tn part of £100,001 borrowed of the Mutual Provided ?Society, and £100,001 from the Savings' Bank.' It' was .quite clear that, si far from thore .being . balanoo to the crodit el tbo consolidated revonue, there wa«, a considcrablt deficiency. (Mr.1 EAOAR I Ko,) If tte staltmenl made tko other doy wss worth anything, it was so The hon.'member's statement shoved that at Ibo cid , of 1800, «o fir from there being a balance to the crtdll ' of thn consolidated revenue, there wai at treseritan actual deficiency. : He (Mr. Barnool) would not have taken this curio, were lt not,'for the Impossibility ,oj eliciting any information from the Government with regard to the financial position of tho eouatry. An- swers to all questions on .the subject'were postponed t'll after the financial statement'wa« made. When he (MK Samuel) w«s In office, within six week« be made his 1 financial «talerhont, and ho wa« dally taunted by Hbo present Co'.oninl Secretary and other« for'not making it leonor,- (Hear, hear.) Bat now they wtro not to have ho Dnanclnl ^statement until throe mouthe, (Hear, hear.)- There was now a'de'flèlëâoy of £02.741 instead of a surplus of ..£023,000, as stated. , The disburse merits wer« »tated 'nt £1,189,005, 1-a-irlg a bátanos tb he debit of £1169.'' What lié ; <Mr.'Samuel) dom plnlned of was tills-»nd ho was «are bis hon, friend (Mi1. Martin) was not aware of It^-that' this £l00,p00 borrowed fi om the Savings'. Bau kV and ofhtr »am«, bot rije/rd; were carried to tb« credit of the retenue without any 1 corresponding % amount ' oh ' the 'other «Ide. No one'who heard tho hos. member (Mr. Martin) bal ranit bare Imagined 'hat we had' a largo surplus. (Ilesr, bear.) On the oonlrary, we had « largo defi- ciency.' He /Mr. Samuel) took exception lo this state-' njent altogether. Until the hon. number (Mr. Hagar) gototiarga of the Treasury, wo lind regularly « paper laid an the table of tho House by the Auditor-General, certifying tbo statement of noconnts. Now we have oily the statement of the Colonial Treasurer. , .There ls now no oheck whatever on the Colonial'Troasûrèr, The Änditor-Qerioral1 should ,00 'an Independent officer. Fdr mor ly tho Auditor-General, invariably «int lo tho House a slatement of the accountr, "The arran jometits ¡ ol* the present Colonial Treasurer had entirely set as|do Hie Auditor-General, ' And they bad "'a, eUtecterit broegbt ilown which was a 'disgrace lo any Govern- ment. It repi Minted o.Som is Icing to tho credit of the consolldatsd 'reveriiie, Which was borrowed rooOoj. After bringing down Ibo amount received frobi the crllinary , sources of rsveaiin; ' Wb«t'did' they fled f The 'som wof '£f/,t8B,07l>,_wUh these words "tartltd to the credit of lb» .consolidated! retenue,','. Ile beggitl lo call .flmMa^ilHijlwiF.?^ ?*,«W.i?»iff/ ! " .?"'I iw.l ,»'.-.-V«-lw..'-!.' 1 11 ¡ ment, "rahed in aid of the consolidated rovont 'I he hilanco wai made to appear aa a credit, who there wa« a deQeioncy, ; The hon. 'the Prcrait«r_ did tell thom that the aontolidatod revenue wna indol 1 to other fonda to the amount of £769,000, In I we had a deficiency of £400 OOO. Tbe revenue had si nco cxoeoded the expenditure ; yet the deftuienoy Inoreanod. He hoped the reply of the hon. tho Pren would be satisfactory, because tho, ma'.ter was of gi importance. . . Hr. MARTIN, in reply, said ha stated prevlonsi] tho effeot that lt was not intended by the Governm to pay nil tho Treasury bills which fell dnc the end of thia year ont of the produce of £830, Treasury billa willoh bad been recently sold. ' authority for that ata'emcnt was not bis hon. collo»! (Mr, Engar), but Mr.- Thompson, an accountant In Treasury. Dy that paper it appeared that the 1 fund was indebted to the consolidated revenao botw £300,000 or £570,000. No details were given. (Mr. Martin) understood that, after striking a bala botween those two funds there still remained due lr the loan fand to tho consolidated rovenae, the arooi which ho mentioned... The piper from willoh he n waa not here, but ho hld sent for it. If not fonnd. hoped the bon. centlemnn iMr, Barnool) would g nolioo of his qn»stion, and a fuller reply would ba glv It was not hiB (Mr. Martin's) duty tp Investigate tb acoouats. Ito took his previous statement frorr document aoppltod by a competent publia officer, and had no doubt it would bo fonnd to be correct. 'J other matters to which tho hon. gentleman had allot be would leave to his hon. colleague (Mr. Eagar.),. Mr. EAGAR »aid the course "adopted bj his bi frirnd (Mr. Samuel) was not convenient, because t paper from which tho statement bad boon made vs not before tho House. The hon. gentleman bad Uk great oredit to himself In making a olmrgo which, correct, would brand this Governmont withthe g real i amount of odium-that a printed statement of accout hearing hts (Mr. Hagar's) signature, was incorrect. 1 would show, however, that tho hon. gentleman b made such a etatomoat without having fully consider the aubjoot. Tho li' n. gentleman bad overlooked tl etrcumsranoo that for 186,4* tho whole of tho expect for railway extension, <to. were paid oat of the couso dated revenuo. Mr. SAMUEL said ba must interrapt tbe hon. gt tlcman, He challenged the hon. gentleman to poi ont in tho printed statement where it was shown th tba railway expenses bad been ohargod to' tho. couso datad rovonne. Mr. HAGAR continued: From 1803 to 1804 tl ordinary expense» of tba country foll upon tho ordinal Income of tho year. The revenue had also to provh for acrvlces of previous years. Duriag tbia tima thai was no salo of debentures. After some hesitation tb Hnnss granted two deficienoy loane, to make up tl dcßolenov in railway expenditure, and other expensi not prov! 'ed fir. Still, the accounts had to be kept coi rectly ; and when tho debentures wera sold, theadvanot mada by tba revenue were repaid by the debenture sold. Would the bon; gentleman (Mr. Samuel) undei tako to say that money so' raised was not very properl credited to revenue in ila - proper position f Ho (Mt Eagar) coutd'not see what ghost be had conjured ti! except something which his incapability prevented bin from investigating. Mr. SAMUEL : Is the balanoe of X632.C00 no made up of £19,000 borrowed money? Mr. EAGAR : No. Mr. SAMUEL : I will prove that it ia. Mr. EAGAR : The revenue having got into deb the sale ot'the debentures was applied to the revenue The accountant ooald not do otherwise than pay bael to tho revenue. What would have been the position il these debentnres bad not been sold. Th» £200,0nc borrowed from tba BavingB* Rank and Mntuo Provident Institute were nothing more than a repayment. (Items recapitulated.) Aa- regarded the consolidated revenue, hs was quite'-willing to admit that the £200,000 were borrowed from tbs Savings'Rank; but there was a balance of £307,000, wbiob loft more than aufficient to cover tho Treasury bills. The houorable gentleman (Mr. Samuel) had also raised a complaint against him (Mr. Eagar), that the financial statement would not be made, (or nearly two months to come. The statement of'acoonnls waa laid before the House. The statement laid on the table of tho House by the bon. gentleman (Mr. Samuel), when Treasnrer, wai in an incompleto form. . It was morely an acoldont that be (Mr. Hagar) laid this statement of acoonrils on the table on the ] lib July, It wa» ready tho seoond or third month of this year. Then, objection was taken beoaase the acnonnta had not been audited, bat merely signed, by bim (Mr. Engar). Tho accounts ander the present sj stern were audited monthly. Mr. SAMUEL: I should like to seo the accounts audited by the Auditor-General. Mr. EAGAR continued : He would bo able lo pro duce thc Aoditor-Genoral's certificate in a short time, in thc meantime be had skid sufficient to convince the . bon. gentleman that be bad been labouring ULtler some mistake. . ? . - . Mr. SAMUEL : I merely charge tbe hon. gentle, man «Uh hating biougbt lorward a etattment, (bow- ing Ibero was a credit of £633,000 oarrled to the con- solidated riTcnne. Ont of that sam bö h ai borrowed £200,000 from Savings' Banks. Ile brines forward thia sara on one side as baring been borrowed, but he has »ot placed thia £200,000 to tho other side. This waa quito sufficient to show that tba money was placed lo tre o edit of, tho aceount as consolidated revenue, whoa lt was in fact borrowod money, j WATER SUPPLY. 1 Mr. NEALE, in moving í Timt Hil» House »lewd with alarm the présent Inndonaato and uncertain »apply of water to tba etty and. suburbs of Sydney,' and dreading th« lamentable eonarquencca that most ensue to thu health and life ol »Ibo Inhabitants, If by .relight ur other eauso that rupp y 'should become exhausted or diminished, ia of opinion that lt ts the duty of the doter rimen t to Instituto eu Inquiry by competent person* for tho parpóse of n*cortaln'na what amount ur reliance caa La placed on .ctn un Imltoil and constant supply of water bolr.g obt.lnoj la all soaiona/romoor protrnt Boure« of supply,and, Iftbatsourco should bo conaldcrcd unequal to moat our requirements, then tliat tmmodlato tneaiuieaahould ho adoptod for accurltig to tho city and suburbs of Syducjr a more, tellab.e and plentiful supply of pura waler. ' explninod his roaions for bringing this motion forward '1 ha present works at'Botany, he belloved, lo be in. sufficient to meet the. requirements of tbe city. There were reasonable and good 'grounds for believing that a 'sufficient supply contd uot be. obtained from tbe Botany Swamp. ' Bo regretted thia mattor had not been taken up by «omo bon. gentleman moro competent to deal with If, hut as the Sydney Corporation bad failed to roalto the supply adequate to tbe present' re. quiremeots-of the eily and enburbi, ho hollered thia Monsa ought to piuso SD.inquiry-to be made, and to sea whether the present 'works were'fit to continue the supply in a inore pei manen t form, so that" tho inbnhi tanta of this etty should not be in any danger of suffer-' ing from a water famine. They lad now tho light of experience to guido them. It was muoh to be regretted that, Uolany should hate been selected at tho first on which loeipeodioincoh m:ney. He bad no bolita. lion in saying.that' another' aonrco would have been recommended by tho commissioners had tba season been a dry Instead 'of a wet . ono, Tho ootnmittee was appointed to inqnira into the water supply of the etty uf Sydney; bat altbóngh it 'oth tlnued to sit for two Bellions, ila laboura unfortunately wore never brought to a close. Bal, tbootldence given in that committee was of a very valuable ohnraoler. Dr. Smith gave evidente to the effect that tho wateia of tho Nepean were quilo as puro us that of the Lachlan, ond thia evldenoo, be took it, set at test the question- of the parity of tho wáleré' of tho Nepean, 'the hon., member referred . to tho evidence of Mr. George Tburntan/ . given ? before the , oorii milter, .'who deposed that be' never looked npsn tho Lachlan .Swamp_ aad the. Botany water works aa cqnal to tho demand for tbe city of Sydney ; be only looked 'tipon t,hoio resources aa of a temporary abaracter. Ho'udvlicd that means abonld ba auk en to obtain water. v|ther from George's River or the Nepean; if tho Ifarmer wore pro'potly dammed,, a never falling supply would be available for tho city of Sydney t be did not believe thu any extention of loo Botany water works would meet Itbe requirements of tba city of Sydney. Tho hen. member also read the evidence of Mr. bullier land, which was ', of ,a .'similar obn'raoter ¡ that gentleman was '¡ot opinion that tba ex- tension of the Botany ,\vater works would bo more eipenelve{ in Ilia end, than it; would bato bring the. water Irom tba Nepean.' .Tho bon, member showed how, from vallina canje», the.Botany Swamp weald bicorne. BslldlOed, and . Instead of 'the water bolng ab« sorbod by tho land, and retained by it, would immedi- ately piss off. ' This waa a unttsr of, tba ;veryigravett I Injportati.oo, .Hon, mamb'etai would bo aware thal en (>o oc'oiiione, duiiiig-tho last two ycart), tho olly had teen »lilied by a groat loiroentp» of water, and that ! efl nono of tho purest, ; The ..Imminent, pedi or a waiter famine,' 'on , .theso ,, two,- ooeaaions, waa \- _itliough 'IL 'b«i mooth or November, ".Bp»,tho hil of rslnrw»a J ,r j .j.iti^/ij;.;',.''.'.) /'«« 'iv'Jli .»:.-.?;! unuíUntly Urge, yet In t«o months after that lililí tito olty authorities wi- ro compelled to restrain tlia abundant uso cf tho waler, whiah iras io neoesBarv ot that season of the year,.'and. lo leave off watering the streets altogether. ^'The hen. member read an extraol from a loller to (ho; Sydney Morning Herald, wilh . reference to the waler supply at the Büany S»nmpa, this lotter pointed out tho dancer that threatened the Inhabitants of Sydney, in o*se semething was not done to conserve tho wator. Although tho reservoirs nvght bs' over flowine to-day, In a few weeks tho city might be reduced to a »hort supply. In one caso after a very heavy fall of rain, In nina weeks the supply (ell short and tbo water was braokish and almost entirely unfit for use. Tba hon. metnbtr multiplied Instances, wheo after abondant falls of rain, the city bad in a very short poricd been reduced , to tho greatest incon- venience from tlie",. scare'ty of tba supply. When Mr. Aldermen Woods was Mayor, it appears that he made, a statement in the City Council Jo tho effeot that the Botany reservoirs bad already cost £309,000, and ¡hit from u report of. tbo City Lnirlncer itw'ould cost £100,000 more to complete those reservoirs ; and even when they were completed they would net afford a permanent snpply of pare water ta the otty. However rain had fallen, and with tint came a diviaton of opinion. Mr. OATLEY : Was that motion (of Mr. Woods') oarried. . Mr. NEALK: It was lest by eight to sev. Afterwards tie City :ÎIealth Offloer called attention the aubjeot. He quoted tbe report of the Ilea Officer, who described tbe effeots of the drought, a the faet that the water was not only scaroe but I pare ¡ and dwolt on tho' duty of providing sn 'ami nnd never- falling supplv. .One would have thou«: continued Mr. Neale, that tho experience of tb .summer would have led to some decisive steps to pi ?vent tho rcourrenco of a similar calamity, lint in t next euntmor there was again a scaroity. Abundar of rain fell In November, 1806 ¡ yet tho oily authorlt were under tho necessity of ishattioe; off the supply I night sa early as January, 1867, and with the dlmis tion In'quanlKv came tbe samo brsokUh tasto and ii purity. He bad stated enough to provo tho necessity takln« steps to secure to the city of Sydney an abunda «apply. If these were tbe results of a scaioity of rs for «Ix weeks, what might they expect from sit monti drooghlf (Mr.' RonxUTSos: Or three year« They knew that the coaBt districts we favoured . with a tnuah, more, frequent rai fall than the Interior.' ' But even alot the coast they had sometimes a drought of much mo than six months. In tbe interior tho effect of droug! had been tho wide spread destraotlon of flocks ai herds. In the eily the effects of droogbt might bo tl destruction of thousand« or tens of thousands of 01 population. They had an interest, as a community, seeing tbat this dsng«r should not continue. It was question which largely affected, for good or ill, tl welfare of tbe entire population. (Hear, hear.) wonld avail them bot little to eroot dofeeoea in tl harbour to protect them from the invnslon of a forels foo, if by their neglcot they invited a foe that had one bsen at their thresholds-that is water lamine. Jnd| ing from the patt they mast be prompt In their aotioi unless they wonld ¡near the risk of having their popel' Hon decimated, and the property of the city reeder* vnlnelesi. He would not dwell on the exposed positio of the present means of water supply ia casa of invc ?ian i nor on tb» necessity of a large 'ncrsase fi manufactories,* nor on the risk of the oit being devastated by fire. 1 All these reasor were self-evident. Tbo daily ..press ,ol thi city had for some years past' called attention ( tbis important raatlor; arid there had been publislie . totters from 'persons takinjr unusual interest ia tbi 'subjeot Yet, after'all this,'nothing, or next t I nothing, had been done; and one «hort drought wool And as in rio-better position than a previous om I Warnings had passed unheeded by.them. All anxiot passed away with the'first'fall of rain. , Was it to be ex pr ot ed that by merely »leering a few weeks' sdJitioai supply, -they would be dolued Into tho belief th« they were secureT Ile bopod they would not hedi ceived. If tho dam« now In course of erection wonli ,retain the water «apposed, that'water contd only suppl -uv for a few months longer at the utmost. Somcth<n¡ mor» than that was rcqalred. 1 Bat they'had the evi .dence of a gentleman.wbo had had eonio expeliónos ii 'the uso of dam«. Mr. T., D. Stephens gato svidonci before the ' Water 1 ' Comm!»«¡aa ' eppoiatod , ii ¡1652. He wa«, tho manager, of the Lsohlai ?Milla for Mr. Atkinson'; Ho'stated lb' his evldenci that thov hid at the mill a dam formed of «and, with i bank of black «oil, TIIIB, h's Said, was not Impervious there was a great waste of water by working throng! and under lt. The dam rested on the quloksand 1 contained shout two or two and ft half days' «apply ijo «aid he did not think it possible to make a wstei tight dsm on such a soil, because ot the quicksand undai it. Ho ( Mr. Neale) bolleveil the dams now ia course of erection, with tirarcr walls filled ia with eand. and resting against a sand bank, wonld not retain the water lt was snppssod they would. ' Ho expected that ai er the peat heavy rain the dams would be rendered prao ci cal ly nseless, hy the water foroing a now channel for itself in tbo sandbank. If any such thing were to occur it would be a most «orlons oalamlly, compared to whioh the desolation anti misery caused by tbe recent floods were as nothing, ' The bare possibility of sucho thing as that ocoarring . Ought to rouso them to make adequate provision. '" On behalf of the tens of thousands ol'tbis city arid suburbs, whose dearest In trre-t« were bound np in this question, of water supply; sud for all who entertained: reasonable dread of onr present water eupply failing us, he asked that a com- petent commission be appointed to. inquire into ,tho matter. 'If the rmult cf such ari inquiry should prove that suoh feirs were groundless, nono would he more satisfied than he. But if, as hs bePeved, lt would bo fonnd that the »tipply was Insufficient, it would bo clearly the doty of tho Government to take measures to secure an abandarit and never failing supply of wator. He thanked the Honse fur tho attention with which they bsd heard bim ; and left thc matter with them, believing,that'it would receive at their hand« the consideration that was duo to a tubjeet of so muoh itnnnrtfttin». Idhaara \ ... ' . I br. LANG seconded tha motton. <? I Air. WILSON said no hon.! mombsr could .far on moment underrate the Incaloalable benefits of ai ampi supply of water, or the evils -that attendod laok of wator.: No other question oonl for one moment compare with that of securins a watt supply. But, betides, tho question cf supplying th oily of Sydney with waler, ibero waa another quoit lol Uioy were aaked io decide,'namely, whether the wa'.e supply of Ibo city of Sydney was to te in tho bands' « the Corporation, or ta be taken out of t*ieir hands am P »rad .n those of tho Government. With regard t (he question whether the Laohlan and Hotany »warne form a stiffloient muree.'lt is very difficult to deoide ll <1 select committee bad repotted that this sourco wa ample to supply thia city for many years to eora« Another «elect .committee, j of whian the honorsbl member (Mr. It. Stewart) and he (Mr. Wilton) wet mern'era, took evldono», and «ero satisfied that if th Waler that tell within thu waler abed of the Laohlai and .Botany stamps wera conserved by reaionabli means, it would ba Bulliciont. Hut the Corporntloi had been very ap tthetia on tba suhjeat. Ho was glad however, to »ea that, , they bad arouecd themselves tc tho importance of the'matter, and had Initialed a aeriel 'of dam* which would'have tho effect of preserving Ira manso qu.ntitlca of water.' lt ,'wás'lnoalotilá'blo the 3' onnlity of wtjter, tha,t might le preserved by these ams., The prtsont was an utifortnnato limo tu bring forward theso resolutions, ot a time when these durne wera being constructed- Theso darna wero not In tbe .and.; They ware mada in avery substantial way¡ and Ibero would be very little leakago through them. It waa laid thor'Wt ra from sand bank to sand bank; but tho sand was cot very dcop, and rested on clay hills. It might bo that soma water would go.under them) but it would be a long tirno bofure lt: would tilter through that land, for the soil,'after a copious rainfall, was tborougbtly Impregnated with water. Ile believed there ^would ba found to be an ample su/Dole noy of water .in tie water I alifd of the Uichl4u . anti . Botany Swamps i liven In one week tbrro ooutd be retained anlDoIent lo j supply.the city. T'haro waa a Urge quantity of water that ran to «asta at Botany, ,tbat ought lo to stored 1 upi Under all tho circumstances, lt would bo un a lae to aonsu'e the Corporation. U,< would bo unviso to I adopt thia laiolutio'n wllbout'n proper report by a competent commission.' H. would involve an cipindl turo of ' a'million df, money. Mailt ra of this kind should bo left- to the Corporal lou. . The aldermen ot thé cl tv Corporation. W're sa praolloal mon ns could be found in any other corporation,|T Their, wenknata lay, in their dliienslone., If the dams in course of construe tlun at Botany set In tba ujatonqr txpeoted by tba City tri«leeor,'taara wonld be au, ample snpply of waler. 'A dam might be s|to constructed ut Ibo lower p»rt of tb« KabdwTck façeoaui'ie, ! It was satisfactory'lo know thal lb te wera olhs'r lourcaa of water tupply to tbs ¡ city of By doe,/ ;,but, the , éxpàusà would be enormous, '* jrff?IVtl{'9 %*iffiiMipii,',Tha[ies(n(d<|tna wou|d] do const-noted in tho conran or this year, ri' il lt iroul bo bo tor lo wsil until their valus had been tH»to<|. ] «as also unwise (Int matrera of this kind should 1 taken mt of the bonds of ihe mnriielpalUv. Mr. LÜOA8 was of opinion t nt lhere was wal« sufllolont te supply them fur Bvo or BIX years to oom« hot tho supply would certainly not meet their repuirt monts twenty yeirs bena-, espeoially if nsannfaoluri were to spring up. Tho anger works already pai about £509 a year for water; and a similar quantity wa Ute ! by tho mint. As to obtaining information by th appointment of a commission, he should oppose tba oourio. Information obtalnid from iheapiiointmtnto a commission wonld bo found to be-valueless, aso previous ocoasions, Wheo tho lower dam at Butan gotlow, sea water po-colatol into it, ard the wator wa j hrock ch. The pi cont means of supplying tho olly c ! Sydney and suburbs were quite inadequate lo mest th exigencies twontr years ' hence. Various pluocB ha been mentioned from which they could obtain a pormri nent supply, sach as George's Uiver, the Nepean a Penrith, tho Grass and other places. '1 bo Nepsau a Penrith wa« only forty- four feet higher thin nydney The heit place wonld bo tho Nepean at th Oowpns'ures, or near the Menangle Bridge The ri re rt h oro wo» two hundred and Atty foot biirbs than Sydney. It wonld be made to flow into Sydne; by tho foroe of its own gravity. Tho swamps a Ratany did not covor a snfllolont arra The boilers of tho engines at Botnnj were also becoming out of repair. Mortover the oltizrm were not proporly snpplird wlth.wstei now. From £15,000 lo £20,000 worth of property was annually destroyed on aoconnt of an Inadequacy ir the water supply. The dams would soon be * ashed away. If tho supply of waler -were obtained from the Nepean, near the Menangle Bridge, not only the etty ¿I Sydney and suburbs, but the who'o of the County ol Cumberland could be supplied to any extent, He bad no faith in commission» ; and thnt the subject miuht be fairly biought before tbe Ho us« he would move, as an'atnednment- " That a seleot oommittee be appointed with power to aend fer persons and papers to inquire Into the beat means of cunaring to the oily nf Sydney and suburbs sn unlimited and oonstant supply of pure wator, and that snob, com- mute ooonsLt of Messrs. Martin, Neale, Tunks, Macleay, 8tewart, Powell, Farnell, Lackey, Dr. Lang, and the mover." This oommittee comprised gentlemen who had taken an interest In tho question, and wire repre lonratives of both town and country oonstltu-noles. !' Mr. GARRBTT took objeolion to the appointment of a srleot committee. Suoh a committee had been previously «ppointed, and sat in 1802,1863, ard 1864, and after ntnoleen sittings asked leave to sit ooafn. Tbis wns tbe rosoli of one select committee.' Then there was the seleet rommittee lo inqniro into the stato of tho pnblio works. This oommittee did little good. But though select committees generally had hitherto proved to be futile, a subject of this kind required the attention of selent.flo men. Not one of tbe gentlemen' named made any pretensions to scientific skill, yet tbo question of water snpply was one that required the application of soUntiflo «kill of a high ordor. He, tner fore, opposed the anoolntmeht of a soient nam* mutee. Mr. OATLEY said ho ehould aapport the originel reaolation, »a being beat oaloulatrd io bring this mat- ter to a speedy termination.' Thia was a question which had been considered by the City Oonnnil for years. It was true there were differences of opinion ; but he believed if tbe course recommended by tho honorable gentleman (Mr. Neate) were ad pied, tba subject would he more satisfactorily arrahted. '. , " Mr. B. STEWART said the'commltles rXndedloby the honorable gentleman (Mr.'Garrett), and of wbion hs (Mr. R. Stewart) was chairman, .waa not appointed speoially to inquire into tho best 'maana of supplying Sydney with water. The matter to be principally con sidorod was the propriety 'of io tiing n population on about one hundred acres of tho Hotiny wntarabod. Evidence was taken in reference to tho supply of water. Mr. Bell, the city engineer, said that four millions of gallons of water per dism for' three hundred days tri the year could be «applied. The arrangements 'at Botany ware not good. The water waa allowed to fall from higher land to tho lower lovel near tho sen at Botany, whence it was pumped back into Sydney. The original arrangements were made on tho recommenda- tion of a commission appointed by thia Honse ; and tko Corporation had the 'difficult task of doing their bost with them bad arrangements, Tbe oity waa at one time sappllad well before,going to the Laohlan'Swamp. There was a saffiolent' Bnpply some1 yo irs slnco from ll tisby's bore. Up to 1859 thia.was found sufficient. Afar th's £3or>,fOO was expended on works to partially supply tba oity only. Ho was, on tba whole, at a lesa wbetbsr to voto for a select committee or à commission. The commissioners previously employed, though com Írosed of gentlemen of good position, bad shown their nsbllity, not only in the witter supply, but In reference to the city towerag», lo expend tbe p'nb'io money. He wonld, however, give hla preference to the hon. gen fe- nian'* (Mr. Lacas) motion, believing that it would allow of great soope. ' ? '? ' ' ' Mr. 8UTHEKLAND moved the adjonrnraent of this debata until tb ls day fortnight (the 801 h). He understood that a number of members wished to speak on tho subject. And many mombers were bound to leave tho House in less than half an- hour. Taara would be a count, out, unless tbe question were adjourned. Mr. HART seconded the motion for adjournment. Tbe motion waa owled on division, the numbers being Ayes 30 t Noes, 7. Mest of tbe remaining business en the paper was adjourned. CLAIMS AGAINST GOVERNMENT, BILL. Mr.. IA.) HST Eft m ot od for leave to introduoo a bill to 'onforoe claims against Government: The motion waa carried. Tte Mouse then a 'Jonrned at twenly-flvo minutes ie 7, until 3 o'clock to- morrow (this day). ! Fetten m TI» UIVER.-On Friday last tho fears of nota ferr persons, that anothor flood was prohibir, woro aroused by a stendy gentío rain sotting in carly in the morning, but by tho afternoon tho »«tither wns quito fino again, Ak Singleton some smart showers foll, wo understood i and at A bordeen and thonco onwards to Murrurundi it rained prottv bard, aocording to reports that haro reaobod town. This caused a rise in tho TJppor Hunter and In tho Pago on Friday evoning. This water, wa presumo, reachod . Maitland od Sunday, for yesterday morning tho river boro was seen to bo in slight fresh, some tb reo feet higher than it was on Katurday last. The up country mails due hero on Saturday morning did not renou Maitland till ¡Saturday evening from tho stato of the uppor Btrenms. - Tho Hunter was bank high at Aberdeen on Friday night, and tho mails could not cross till sovan on Saturday morning. At Dough boy Hollow also it rained In tor« rents on Thursday night, and tito crook was up high on Friday, Vcstordsy wo had a fow driving showers from tho west, in Maitland.-Mercury, July 10. DKAru op Mns. PunvEs.- It is with tba deepest rogrot wo have to recórd tho death of tho wife of tho Roy. W. Purvee, of East Maitland, which took plaoo, rather sudJonly, on Sunday ovenlng last, it would seora thnt tho lamented lady had been rory ' Nr fros« well for sotno Hmo past, and had' boon confined to the house, for a fow days, but no approhonrion existed on tho part of her friends that sho would bo so soon re- moved from them, for avon on Sunday afternoon, wo hear,'Mrs. Purves was-nblo to walk about tho room.' On that oronlnp, howovcr, about Ö o'clock, «ho was seized with symptoms of a most alnrmiug kind, which. In spite of every caro and attention, rapidly proved fatal. We rieod scarcely1 say this melancholy occur-1 renee has east a completo gloom, nnt only over tho eon- ' gregatlon to which tho dccoaicd lady belonged, but also upon nil clossos of our' community, aiid tho utmost sympathy ts oxpressod upon all hand«, with the family of tho deceased in thoir beroivcmont-Moroury,10th July. ??><".?.???? ' ' Hi ina ow rn« .TADtitAnjB.-Tho Arroldóí» and Tamworth paper« of Saturday confirm tba rumour current In Maitland that heavy, if not flooding, raina have fallon in tho Interior koyond ibo Dividing Hange. Hath at Tamworth and Armidale (boy bad feet week heavy frosta, the hcavloat yet this soason, and on Mon-, dar, 8th, a little snow fell at Armidnlo., , Snow also fell at Olon Irinas. Rain foll pretty lioavlly in tho' latter part of the week,, and at '-tamworth, if ibo rain should, continuo, lt was thought thorö inlght yet bo a flood. A lotter recd vol in Maitland states that st lirrcaa the rain had boon heavy, and tho creek was bank hlgb,-Mercury, July lUih. < Coil. Mia«.-Wo undoratand that stops will shortly bo taken to opon a now coal mino near Oroker'a Koso, oontiguoua - to tho coal mina of Judgo Owen in that looollly. Tho new raino: is situated on land Ibo pro- perty of Mr, Bpolr and others. It istntended to lay down a good pormnnent tramway: into WollunROog, joining the Illawarra (Jual Uompany'a . tramway north of the olIffs eatha beaoh.-Illawatra Kxpreis. . -i. . j1 Tour'tien wants mantling," at (IQ tbepbord laid lo (bi slrajr ah«ep, ? ,',' .'j .. . .* " ."*«.- «*.» 