MR. MONTGOMERY'S HAMLET. TO THE EDITOR OF THE ARGUS. gary ever knew till this moment what a misfortune it is to be. obscure.. I am not locally of an envious disposition, but I cannot help feeling that it is worth living for to be able to say that a whole people is on the tiptoe of expectation to learn one's opinion and on the other hand, I trust the inhabitants of this and the neighbouring colonies are properly sensible of their obligations to Mr. James Smith, for having at last spoken, and so relieved them from the distressing uncertainty of how to estimate the quality of Mr. Montgomery's Hamlet. As to Mr. Mont forgery himself, having now been made aware of the sad truth that he is not the great actor some of his critics and admirers have pronounced him, it can hardly help but that he will return to Europe in the Great Britain, and be for the rest of his life content to rate himself among the lesser lights of the theatriCal hemisphere. Nevertheless, there be dis- sentiments in that as in most other matters of opinion and to be frank with you, I at once proclaim myself of an entirely different way of thinking from Mr. Smith. You may perhaps shudder and stand aghast, at the temerity which refuses accord with the sent ments of a gentleman who, it appears, holds the right to speak oracularly in matters of theatrical criticism ; but your own experience will render it unnecessary for me to remind you that obstinate people like myself con annually present themselves, even when so potent an authority as Mr. James Smith has to be confronted. Freely translated, and highly condensed, Mr. Smith's letter appears to me to consist of some such declaration as this : " Mr. Montgomery is passable, and that is about all he walks quietly through his part and reads fairly . enough, and with loud." If you submit this letter of mine to a similar process of transmutation it may declare to this effect That Mr. Montgomery, being strongly impressed with the prevailing fault of actors in making their characters only pieces of stage mechan ism, more or less skilful or clumsy, has determined to present them as living and breathing things, having human passions and prejudices, and so expressing them, not according to arbitrary models, but in accordance with that kind of impulse from which all the greatest works of art result. Taking Mr. Smith's letter in detail, however, I find that he begins by informing an anxious public that "every Hamlet of note has been largely affected by, if it has not faithfully reflected, the temperament of the actor ;" and that Mr. Montgomery's tempera- ment is essentially lymphatic." I reply by denying that his temperament is essentially lymphatic," and I assert, on the contrary, that it is principally of the nerve sanguineous kind. I assert, further, that it would be simply impossible for a man whose temperament was essentially lymphatic" ever to attain to eminence as an actor in any line of his art, if even the desire for distinction should exist, which is not very likely. So far, therefore, from Mr. Montgomery's Hamlet " faithfully reflecting" his temperament, it is an instance of a very complete subordination of temperament to the necessities of the character. The endeavour, therefore, to explain his acting as consistent with a lymphatic temperament needs no reply, as it is nothing else than drawing a conclusion from false data. "But," says Mr. Smith, "Mr Montgomery's is an eminently agreeable hamlet." Logi- cally then, as, according to Mr. Smith, it is vastly different from all other Hamlets, I might remind him that this admission leaves us to infer that all other Hamlets were eminently disagreeable. But without insisting on this inference, and conceding that this is not precisely what he desires to say, I go on with the letter, and presently find myself in a fog for one of the reasons adduced to demonstrate this quality of eminent agree -aWencss is that Mr. Montgomery's Hamlet is defectively unimpressive in those scenes the interview with the Ghost, and the closet scene, for example- in which previous actors, and Mr. Anderson especially so, have made their strongest points ; " and then we are told "Mr Montgomery presents us with a striking picture of mental abstraction," which, we are further informed, should have been mental absorption ; " and that the state of his mind is "subjective" instead of "objective." I have no doubt that many waverers in opinion about Mr. Montgomery wavered no longer when they got to this part of Mr. Smith's letter ; because, you see, though this array of the terms "abstraction," "absorption," "subjective," and "objective" may convey no information whatever to a great many of Mr. Smith's readers, they look so formidable and important that they are sure to have created a profound impression. You remember the story of some susceptible old ladies who always used to weep whenever they heard the Rev. Mr. Whitfield pronounce the word "Mesopotamia." There was no reason in the world why the old ladies should keep at the word Mesopotamia, any more than, let us say, at the word Pickles ; but the fact remains that they did weep, and the fact will also remain that conviction will have followed the abstraction absorp tion-subjeclive-objectivo appeal. Then Mr. Smith says, Thus much is obvious from the text." But I confess, with great-uncle tion at the consciousness of my incapacity, that I do not here see what is obvious, and I do not know what portion of the text should make it so. But as Mr. Smith follows up the remark by telling us that as the traditions of the stage have been handed down from the time of Shakspeare, who instructed Burbage and reproved Kemp, and that Tom Jones tells us how Garrick bore himself in the part, we are justified in disputing the wisdom and propriety of certain innovations, his admirers will dispute them accordingly. Next he brings in Drs. Bucknill and Conolly, two most learned physicians and grace ful writers, it is true, but who, having been exclusively engaged many years in the treatment of lunatics, manifestly, and perhaps not unnaturally, came at last to consider mad- ness an inevitable condition of humanity, and so found that Hamlet, despite his frequent protestation to the contrary, was really mad, the particular proof of his madness consisting in his using " unfilial and scoffing language towards his father." I should be afraid to say how many young gentlemen in Victoria are mad if the use of official and scoffing language towards their fathers be positive proof thereof. But, without staying to inquire how far it might be desirable to make provision for the accommodation of 30,000 or 40,000 additional lunatics prospectively on the enforcement of this principle, let us see how it applies to Hamlet, who, Mr. Smith says, is to be deemed insane because he at costs the subterranean ghost jocularly. It is probably in the experience of every person to have felt an irrepressible desire in certain moments of great solemnity to laugh or utter a jest, or indulge in some grimace or antic, preposterously inconsistent with the time and place. It would seem as if the excessive restraint imposed by the circumstances prompted a relief in some shape and thus it is found sometimes at funerals that remarks are made strangely at variance with the sombre surroundings. Conformably with this propensity, Hamlet, who has just experienced a very agony of terror at the sight of his father's spirit, finds much relief in passing even for a moment to the extreme state of playful sportiveness. But this feeling Shakspeare very properly makes only a transient one, for, after letting Hamlet allude to the ghost as this follow in the cellarage," and "an old mole in' the ground,'' his reverential feelings are allowed again to predominate, and he exclaims, "Rest, rest, perturbed spirit." I do not doubt that Mr. Montgomery's own judgment would incline him to the restoration of these passages of jocularity; and I dare say, it is only in unavoidable deference to the prejudices of the audience, whohavesolong been unaccustomed to an unmutilated version, that for a time he consents to follow the beaten track. So again Mr. Smith informs us that the jubilant exclamation beginning with " For thou dont know, ob, Damon dear," is " not less demonstrative of a disordered intellect ;" in answer to which I may reply that nothing is more common than for a person suddenly made aware of the successful termination of an experiment, or enterprise, to indulge in a mock-tragic demonstration, a bit of extemporised recitative, a snatch of some song-for Hamlet might consistently sing these lines-a quotation from Scripture, however irreverently applied, or any other inter- jections mode of testifying satisfaction. For the moment, Hamlet's delight at the perfect success of his murder-test overcomes every other feeling, and being, as we know, a humorist as well as a philosopher, he bids Horatio congratulate him, and asks him if he does not think he was made for an actor ? There is certainly nothing inconsistent with sanity in all this and Mr. Montgomery, I am sure, does not omit these passages because they are inconsistent with Hamlet's reason, but because, some excisions being necessary, these seem to permit of being excised without material im- payment of the rest. Mr. Smith's usually careful attention, however, has been at fault for him not to have observed that Mr. Montgomery does not omit the couplet beginning "For if the King," &c.; Mr. Smith can only describe Mr. Montgomery's singularly original rendering of the scene with Ophelia as " pretty and agreeable," although it throws such a light upon the meaning of the whole passage, and gives such a colour of justification for the rudeness that comes subsequently. He says :-' ' There is nothing either in the text or the stage directions to warrant it ;" ergo, I presume, it is unwarrantable. But, on the other hand, there is certainly nothing either in the text or the stage directions to forbid it and I need hardly say how abundant are the examples in the representation of Shakspeare's plays in which stage business has been introduced admirably auxiliary to the elucidation of the text, but without any basis of warrant in the way of stage directions in the original. If Shakspeare's own prompter's copy of his plays is ever found, we may haply light upon a good deal of information as to the manner in which they were represented : failing this, it is open to every actor, while keeping strictly within the limits of the approved text, to adopt the best mode his judgment may point out to give it emphasis arid intelligibility. Briefly to sum up my opinion of the condition of Hamlet's mind, and malgre Dr. Conolly, Dr. Bucknill, Coleridge, Villemain, and-Mr. James Smith, I have to remark thatHamlet'sown declaration of his motive namely, that he simulates madness the better to compass his purpose-is by far the most reasonable estimate to entertain of his mental condition. He is eccentric, fitful, vaccinating or, as Mr. Smith would put it, given to the subjective" rather than the "objective;'' but what then? If these qualities be attributes of madness, then is the world a lunatic asylum, and certificates of insanity are but insolent assumptions of power by the majority as against the minority of lunatics. Thus, of the psychology of Hamlet. Mr. Smith, in addition to the other objections, likes not Mr. Montgomery's delivery of the soliloquy. He admits it is graceful and pleasing;" but, to his thinking, it wants " agony." It is not piled up enough to use an Americanism, it wants more fireworks ;" it ought to be delivered according to Bot- toms notion, as a part to tear a cat in, to make all split." It is, he says, like a clever water-colour drawing, lack- ing the depth and solidity of an oil painting;" or, it is a pleasant twilight, neither morning nor afternoon." With Mr. Smith's understood acquaintance with pictorial art, it is something remarkable that he should have selected so unfortunate an illustration to prove Mr. Montgomery's inferiority, for he should know that the water-colours of this day have all the force and more than the finish of oil-paintings. Let him take comfort, however. If he will go a little higher up the street he will get his oil-painting with the colours plastered on " thick and slab ;" and as to the other comparison, he will there also find the sun so hot and blazing that ordinary people do not soon recover from its effects. Finally, I am pagan enough to thank the gods they have sent us an actor who, in obedience to the promptings which urged on John Millais and Holman Hunt to tread a new road in paint- ing, and Ruskin, with Scott to second him, to demolish the bastard abortions of architectural art, has charged himself with the great and noble mission of interpreting Shakspeareunclogged by tradition, and guided only by the light of nature and a fine intelligence. I am, Sir, your obedient servant, JOHN BROWN. 