CiUprsR XXXVII. »VBSR WATOUE» TH« LIST LAMP OUT. NíMthor Muther Land nor Amber thought of going to bail on th^ night of .' Fcbrua-y eighteenth.^,-; Taoy . batí watched »ll the night beloro-and xl) that day foi the lottirn ot' Asa. butin' vain, A fierce storm bad ruged for over twenty boars, and tho " Lanky'' { >ea'a boat) bid anno down - And there i thor, est before the *r.\ They would not tell what they wero waiting for but for notnathing, evidently, . , ? Molder Lind pled wood on the Aro, saying orer and .ovar m herself : ..'.> . . . .... .? He'll be » ot-bo*Jl bftcold.'r That waa ali she did ' through the night. ' ? , Notwithstanding thero'iring fire constantly, kept up, tho frost an the windows grew . thicker,and thicker, pruvtng that the air grew colder and colder os tho ntl ht wont on. lu fact, ? it was afterwards said to be »tbo coldoat night over known on tho auttid. When Amber wont np to look at tho lampa at 9 o'clock, tho sharp air almost tonk away her breath. She fomtd the windoo oovereJ with Trost, bot the: lamps Mero burning away bravely, though1 she thought Ibo oil looked a li'tdé outlier ..thoa ¡when the ¡lamps were first lighted, lt wa» »oraotbing to know thal, vrbatovor else failed, the lamps holli ontt>¡. {.iu ! .:.;!..' .1.lr . , Hatween 12 and I Amber scraped..tho .frost,.now. nearly half an inob thiok, from a small plaoe on a pan o of glans and looked ont. »hat na» tnt matter with tb* lamps ap ta tk» t«*er T 'Ayas the fro»t gathering BO thickly there a» to hide tl light? (Th8 bead oftho'sower Beamed 'tb.be ënve:lop; in af misty cloud,' nriuK only a' faint, 'hazy,' ;li«l growing dimmer and dimmer every 'moment, ootíld i seen'; I'' * *; .; ".,*"" ";J.J. .«*" ".'' ' /Amber hastily wrapped 'herself, sp, and taking tl lantern In hat-hand; started for the, tower. '? ' Iïvei breath of air oritside' of the kitchen sent a sharp. a« inj irig seBsVlion throngb' hér'.tbróat'an'rf lung«, as if it'Vi Ulled with 1 millions ," f needle-points. " Sba had 1 thought for this, but harried up the steep stairs but sight. ? ?' ' ? .? ? ; ? - r ' > : It did not seem as if Bhe bad had time tb reach' tl top bf the tower before she was 'hank a'aaln. ' ;" Why; what' is . th» ', mittori" exclaimed Mothi Land, appalled at the girl's fabe: ; "" Amber tried to answerjhnt bar lips refused to ra dr Was fhe siiiT-frrzan' with' cold ! or had "she met'' son strange;' thing1 on tKe' stairs ï ' jlother Land wai ?little' siiperslitious-abe' th .Bgbt fie girl bad seen ' ghost of the major -rjr'Aw no in the old lighthouse, I ' warn thom of Asa's death. 'She could not ask anoth queatioD. ' '' ', : ''' " '/' '.',' : Thor« f-tood A rober, .white and breathless. Present Mother Land, saw her lips more, and heard'» boar Voice strangely unlike Ambr's pan, saying! ' " The 1'gbt is gone ont?"' She had tint seen a ghost then. '' No; bot this j was a»', bsd j tbí¿ wa« ' a warning, to If Asa had1 been allie the lixbt would never haré got out.' ;j ' ' ' \ '."' "' ". '"''. But what wan the mather ? .Tho lamp! .had been pr per ly fi I Iel, trimmed, and.lighted ? . Tbs trouble was this Th ero had been a IBM qiw ti ty of winier »traine i oil sent,,to Faulkland Isla* dight than nshal the' previous autumn. Kow, wtnte alra'ned oil i« "provided, becanse it'will nit chill iii the New England latitudes^" The bil 'which Asa bad bet toing, in the lamp« tho last two weeks would not bei . the cold ai well at tba'be had used burlier in winte I ind' thi*'terribly oold"night was 'telling on lt'faa \- Amber bad noticed at. 9. o'clock that the oil lnnki a lighter co'onr, bat did not suspect the cause. Whe she went up after 12 o'clock, she found that the n was rapidly chilling, and of cou rub could not be draw drawn np through tbs wIokB to burn, The two lame on 'tbs north side had ceased to horn, the oil was quit white and hard - theothor foar burned dimly, and wer evidently gol'g ont'. , " " '."" , . What could ba done ?, The,'worst partof the nighl io far as tba cold and darkness were concerned, waa ye tocóme. The light must not gb out utterly, yet bo' conldit bs prevented? To take tho lamps out of thei places and bring them down to »arm »ns impossible they were too heavy, even for her to lift. '. , She cánght sight of the water boiling in the tea kettle. In a moment it .was in a pail, and the ketti filled and hung on again, and seizing the to »ola hang ,|ng by the door, Amber'took tho pail and hurried uj thistair«; ¡The light was gone from one more lamp. Only thre remained. Shs rang the foweh out of the hat waiter »nd wrarped thom around the three limps, dipping thi towels in the water again as fast os they cooled. Fu a few moments tba lieht brightened somewhat, fine Amber tbougbt nbs wonld be successful in keeping tin ligHt alive. But presently it grew dimmer, and wvei she returned with more warm wator from the kitchen that which she carried np first having already growl cold, sha found that tho steam from the water har thickened the frost on the windowB, till what littlt light there was could .scarcely struggle through al all. . She worked on bravely for an tour, only lo find thal she was doing rio .goori At the end of this time only t'o lamps remiined burning, one of thurn would PX pire in a few moreen's, and in an hoar more the light on Faulkland Ii'and wonld be utterly ont. Amber hnd nothing more (odo. Benumbed with pain and chilled with aold, »he wrapped her olotk abbat ber and sat dawn on the loy floor. She was net going down again. She wonld watch the light out, and th»n she would die hemelf up there in the dark alone. The thought was pleasant . rather than otherwise. Her father, and Asa, and Denoy were gone-there wan nothing It-ft for ber to liv« for. God was going ta be good at last, it seemed, and le', her die. too. She leaned her head against the wal1, aud fixed her eyes an the second Umn. The flame grew fainter and fainter, like a dying life ; the barr on the wick thick- ened. Now »here was only a. thin, smokv tongue of flume to bB sean, that began ta waver and flicker, only IJ falter again, andwi'ha last sigh go ont uttorly. lThsro WÍB left a red burr, liko a oharrod coal, and a blue smoke curling up over the »ick; but the burr a;rew black ; the smoke ' vanished, and the lamp wai quito dead. ; >? ' She turned her eyes to tho last lamp,, but »he oonM not tell certainly whether she saw it or not. Strange circle« of light floated between ber eyes and the lamp ; she sew round ringa of blue, changing to red and then to whito.and purple, :at'd the i all the colours mixed, and wont whirling round and room) in a mazy dance. : Strange thoughts, too, began to revolve in her brain. It Boomed.us if.she was a little girl again, and bor mother was teaching her to new.; than she was dinging to her father's hand, hardly able.to olaup her.small fingers roand bis thumb. Then she wes with some ono else.. Yes, it was Asa. and they .were chasing earth other np and down the lighthouse (tairs and tho old major stood looking on laugbiuL', as they scampered abont. How kind Asa had .always been to her. how careful and tender, always preferring lier happiness to bis own. She wa» corry that she had not been more kind to him ; for indeed, indeed «he did like bim better than any one else in the world,exoeptingborfather. Per- haps evun in thia last honr tbare came a now revelation to ber concert in ir Asa's words and looks, of late-. perhaps her own heart told her a Beeret, for a sweet, tender light dawned in tbe pale face, never seen there before. She was not cold-ebo was got suffering from any- thing now'; no thought of the past few month« came t) trouble her. She could not toll whether the lamp wai burning or not, hut abe thought it WAS, for it drd not seem dark to her- then.. A vague, pleasant dream ? possessed her; she heard tho aoft musical wash of som- mer waves on the shore, and they were gently lulling ber to sleep. Presently her head drooped a little ena side ; and she ? was not eiien dream ng n.w. ... Tho last lamp of Faulkland Island light was going out. ' . 