; .THE C0N8ECEATI0N , : : O ??????? ??.:'? OF THE SIGHT fiEV. DR. LANIGAN, %' BISHOP OF GOULBURK The unbroken succession of the Bishops and Pastors of' the Catholic Cliurcli, in communion with the Holy and Apostolic See, is one of those indestructible signs of verity, against which the impotent rage of infidels and heretics has, from generation to generation, exhausted itself. Like the seal and signature to some old deed,- this one. incidental, circumstance proves itself and its surroundings ; — this historical fact, that there ' ever has been such a miraculous ministerial succession (preserved by God's! Good Providence through epochs of the blackest tyranny, of the stormiest persecution, and of the lowest, social debasement) is something that has always remained; like a light in a dark place, the stand ing memorial of a true, visible, and divinely ap pointed Church. The sword of the fanatic, the knife of the assassin, and the cruel headsman's axe, have been, again and again, mercilessly wielded to cut asunder that glorious golden chain which links the Church of the Present to the Immortal Church of the Past, but all (thank Gpdj in vain. Severed in one place the links have,, invariably, been reforged and rejoined else where. The grand Catena Sacerdotuin has lasted forinbrethan 1300 years, and is now stronger than ever it was ; — more thought of, more rejoiced in, and more feared. Ingenious theories have been propounded by sceptical philosophers to ac count for the historical anomaly of '£a succession tunyersally perpetuated, and yet a succession, which (as it is fondly supposed) never had any ascertain able origin— never began. The Apos tolic Succession has been railed against, , ridi culed, and most blasphemously denied ; and yet it remains, to those outside the Church, a stub born and inexplicable fact,— one that, daily causes (as we are happy to see and to say) more and more searchings of heart amongst our Pro^ testant fellow-countrymen. The helpless ab surdity of the assumption that an All Wise Re deemer would inaugurate a New Dispensation and inpt care to; provide it with some definite Corporate existence — -some visible system as a means ;by which it might be; perpetuated for practical purposes, seems daily becoming more apparent to, and more appreciated by the philo sophic mind. It is argued,' and justly argued, thgtfT'it is most unreasonable to suppose that Our; Blessed Saviour .only scattered abroad the gernas of certain dogmas of religion; and de liberately intended to leave the perpetuation of all1 His teachings, and mysteries of truth, to the casual, fermentation and irregular caprice of hutnan*; thought, /during every successive age, untjl^the end of time. Such a vague and un „, reasonable plan would have been so obviously , opposed. to the constitution .of the human mind, i and so utterly deficient in ordinary sagacity, as $o be quite fatal i to the' '.'high position claimed ' for Christianity as a . Divine Faith. And then History comes in, so uniformly and so persistently opposed to those quasi philosophical abstractions (which always have ended, and always must eventually develope in lamentable infidelity and atheism) that the great fact of a Perpetual Succession of Bishops, Priests, and Deacons in the Church from those whom Our Lord first sent, — of that unbroken Apostolic Succession, which revolves round the eversus tained and ever-sustaining Representative of the Prince of the Apostles, becomes so irresistible to the clear and unbiased intellect that the weak cavilling of superficial sceptics is being constantly tested and smiled at by deep thinking men. If there is no succession from those whom Jesus Christ first appointed over the Society He was pleased to organize, it follows logically that there is not now any such Society, or Church, in exis tence at all. But the Apostolic Succession is a. standing historical fact ; a gospel land mark ; an unassailable proof of the truth of that gracious promise of perpetuation personally made by the Saviour to His Church for her everlasting com fort ; — a miracle still ever being wrought before our eyes, which no dreamy, German neologian can possibly explain away. The very extent to which such a sign has been fought for — fought against — aye, and even shamefully counterfeited, is a conclusive and abiding proof of the real magnitude of the thing itself ;— marking the very keen sense that many must have felt of its overwhelming importance. The Anglicans themselves confess, that if they have no succes sion they are not, and cannot claim to be a Church, and that admission (to say no more of it) is, beyond all question, extremely significant. We have been led into these observations by a consideration of the edifying and solemn event which took place on Sunday last at Goulburn — ? the CDnsecration of the Rev. Dr. Lanigan to the Episcopal Office, at the Cathedral Church of Goulburn, by the Bishop of Brisbane, assisted by the Bishops of Bathurst and Maitland ; — an event, 'which every real Catholic must regard with the greatest pleasure, as a strengthening of that good cable that already binds the Church in this Colony to that best . of all holding groands, the immoveable Old Rock of St. Peter. A short account of the Consecration of the Bishop of Goulburn will, doubtless, be not un acceptable to the bulk of our readers. : On Whit Sunday morning, the 9th instant, at about eleven o'clock, all things having been duly prepared and set in order in the Cathedral — ac- cording to the rubrics prefixed to the Office, as set forth in the Pontificale Romanum — the Senior Bishop (Dr. Quinn, the Bishop of Brisbane) the Bishop Elect (the Right Rev. William Lauigan) and the two Assistant Bishops (the Bishops of Bathurst and Maitland) with the Right Rev. S. A. Sheehy, Assistant Bishop Elect of Sydney, the Venerable Archdeacon M'Encroe, the Very Rev. Dean Hanly, the Very Rev. Dr. Forrest, (the Rector of St. John's College), and a large body of other Ecclesiastics, entered the Sacred Edifice. The Senior Bishop, having been specially, 're'.-, quested to act as Cbnsecrator, advanced1 tb the , foot of the High Altar, and, having /there ;first offered up his devotions in private, . took' his seat at a Faldstool prepared- for him on the : Epistle, side and was there clothed in his episcopal vest- . ments. The Bishop Elect was taken by the two', Assistant Bishops to the Capella appointed; for him, where he was arrayed in sacerdotal vest ments — amice, alb, cincture, stole, and cope. Then he and the Assistant Bishops (at low stools, on either side of bhe Bishop Elect) sat vested with their rochets, amices, stoles, and copes, the Bishop Elect being left chiefly distinguishable from them by the absence of a mitre. The Consecra- . tor next came to the front of the Altar and sa in the middle, on his faldstool, with his back to the Altar. The Assistant 'Bishops then brought, up the Bishop Elect, and presented him, with respectful obeisances, to the Conseerator ; after which, they, for a short space, reseated them-: selves on their three stools a few yards from the altar, immediately in front of the Right Rev. Conseerator. Then the Service began as follows : The Bishop !Elect and the Assistant Bishops rising, the Senior Assistant Bishop addressed the Conseerator (in ? Latin) in these words :— 'Most Rev. Father, Our. Holy Mother the Catholic Church desires that yoil promote this Priest here present to the respousi-! bilities of the Episcopate.' . , .'' ', : ,..7, To this the Conseerator replied : ' Have you the Apostolic Mandate ?' /,'; ' ; ; : ,', . The Senior Assistant Bishop said: 'We Have;' — whereupon, by the order of the Presiding Bishop, the ' Mandate was distinctly read, by |the Very Rev. Dr. Forrest, acting as notary ip the Presiding Bishop. On proof of this necessary ' authorization being thus made the Conseerator devoutly said: 'Thanks be to God.'- The Bishop Elect then knelt, and (bareheaded before the Presiding Bishop, ' and between the two As sistant Bishops) took the appointed. Oath'.' of Obedience to the Apostolic See- — commencing with the! 'words : ' Ego Gulielmus Lanigan, Electus Ecelesiaa Goulburnehsis, ab hac hora in antea fidelis et obediens ero beato Petro:Apos tolo, SarictEeque Romanoe Ecclesiaj, &c.; , &c.; ' Whilst taking this important bath the Conse crating Bishop kept the Book of the four Gos pels open with both his hands— resting the, Sa cred volume on his knees. , Having taken the Oath the Bishop Elect was again conducted to his seat between the Assist ant Bishops, where, in the. solemn wprds of the 'Grand Old. Service, he .^as'.straitly examined . by the Presiding -Bishop; aa to his- religious, 'be* I lief, his firm and steadfast faith in the. Holy. I. Trinity, his manner of life, and other .grave matters, with a view to test his actual fitness for the office to which he had been, called. The Bishop Elect, in the words of the office, de . dared, — that, with his whole heart, he desired, : ? lin everything, to act in conformity with the Holy Scriptures. He also promised to teach, by word and by example, to the people, over ? whom he was to be set, whatever things he .. had learned out of the Holy Scriptures. He j promised also that he would reverently receive, teach, and koep the traditions of the Orthodox Fathers, and the Decretals and Constitutions of : ' the Holy and Apostolic See. He likewise pro mised canonical obedience to His Holiness the Pope of Rome, as the Representative of the Apostle St. Peter ;— that he would so order his personal conduct as to avoid all that was evil,, and, by God's assistance, to follow after all that was good ; that he would teach and practise the virtues of chastity and sobriety ; that he would, as much as possible, avoid secular affairs, and for bear to Beek after worldly gain and filthy lucre ; that he would practise and teach the virtues of. humility and patience; and, lastly, that he would, for the Lord's Sake', be kind to strangers and be pitiful to the poor. ! Then the Conseerator said to the. Bishop Elect : ' All these, and every other good thing may the Lord vouchsafe to thee, and keep thee and strengthen thee in all goodness' — and to this beautifully simple and. comprehensive prayer all present said ' Amen.' . Marking the jealous care with which the Holy Catholic Church guards the citadel, of our covnmoti Faith from the intrusion of the slightest taint of scepticism, the Conseerator again found himself ? obliged to press iipon the Bishop Elect a series of comprehensive interrogations on all the cardinal points of Christianity — defined' in such lucid and ex plicit terms that the calamity of a prelate dis honestly unsound in his belief (like those of cer tain denominations) has been, and always will be, impossible in our Church. The Jnterrogationes were clearly such as no Culenso-gloss could pos sibly evade or nullify, and after they were all satisfactorily answered, the Presiding Bishop said: '.'Most beloved Brother in Christ, may this, thy faith, be increased by the Lord until thou shalt conieto true and eternal happiness.' And again all the people answered — 'Amen.' The next observable feature in the service was a second presentation of the Bishop Elect ; having laid aside :his cope, and assumed the pec toral cross, dalmaties, chasuble and maniple, placed himself on the left' of: the conseerator, the assistant Bishops being at their respective seats, mass was proceeded with; The' Oonfiteor &c;, being ended, the Bishop Elect, accompanied by the assistant Bishops, went to His special altar, and there in unison; with the Consecrating Bishop at the high altar proceeded with the mass, using at the proper place the collect appointed for the occasion.^ ?? The Oonsecrator then briefly in structed the Bisliop'' Elect in the duties of the Episcopal office, using the words : Episcopum oportet judicare, interpretari, consecrare, ordinare, ojferre, baptizcirc, ''et'- ? con^rmare. ' After ? this he called upon the- congregation to pray for the newly app6inted';prelate,- that. his Episcopate might; ^be'f or ithe' 'beriefit of the ' Church'. ? Next followed' the^Litaiiie's,-withr i special suffrages' for !-' the Elect— all kneeling/' Then the Holy Gospels were.placed by the Presiding' Bishop on £he neck' and -shoulders -;of 'ithe 'Bishop .Elect,' and after that: ;the ' Conseerator and the Assistant Bishops solemnly' laid their ? hands on * the ? head of: ;the Presbyter,' who. was' being consecrated— saying 'the sacramental words Accipe Spiriium ?Sanctum.' ? 'After this, the Consetiratbr' 'having 'laid aside ;his- mitre; offered' up the' '? prayer : i Propitiare ?' Domine, ?&(::,' and :- so- passed on to. the' Sursum ? 'Cqrda, iPr-eface,-'and . the'Trisagioii. . The ancient ? : 4nd beautifnl hymn'- Fere* ? Creator Spiritus, was' ' subsequently beguivbyjtheConsecratOr^and corn-' ? pleted by the' assistant 'clergy; and,' whilst it was i being sitng,Uh:e':'Bresidmg' 'Prelate anointed i the; ' head of tide iiew^Bishop with the Holy/Chrism, saying- the ;diily! appointed -words;: 'ptigatur et consecratur,' &c; t jTlien the1 Consecrating Bishop rose, and continued the ^Preface1, i The hands' of ?' the: new.' Bishop- were ' next' '??anointed by the Presiding ''Bishopy ?Harving^' done this -the Conseerator said :; ? ?' -lii: the name of the Father, of the Son, and bf'theJi'o'ly Ghost we make over thee the sign, of- the 'Holy --Crdss of our Saviour Jesus Christ,' who hath 'redeemed'- us from death ''and hath brotfght Jus iunt.0' -the' kingdom of Hea 1 ven;. .Mercifully hear 'us Almighty Father, and ..Everliving'.Godf;';ahd';grant that vve'may obtain .from Tlioe -all'-that we; now ask,- '' through Jesus Christ Our- ». Lorck' : =' Afnien. ' f ' ??' ; Several similar prayers; followed'^ a.n'd-'Jtheu' the ! Consecrating .Bishop gav'e.thetaewBishop his Pastoral Staff, his Episcopal iling,!lan'dth'elBpolc of: the Holy Gos ? pels, — ^nd;:la'stly-''(\tith1'i-th'e other 'bishops) he i greeted ,i hini with 'the '-4 ratfirnai^ 'Kiss of ' Peace/ a'ccordingto^ulie'an'Gient/ apostolic' custom1 of the iCathplicJCIiurbh; ^y ilwn-fo uuXaThv,'^ ?-:?'., ? : j The'' Ordinary of ; th'ef'Mass 'wEs'aftdrWai^s pro-'^ e'eede'd with by'the 'Bishop ^ 'Conse'c'rat'or1 a'nd.^the '. : Bishop CdjUsecrated,^1 'as' 'f ^f^.ias'f itH/e,'Offert'by^ ' wheh't the' latter ,piJesente^l.' ''tji '. tllef 'jfprmef ','twp.' 'large' wax'.candles'jli'gl^tiecl),' tw^lpavfe? 6f ' b/fead,' : 'and two' vess^s^filld^;^^^^^ (Hew'lyr' corisecrat'ed.L'Bish6p tlieii Jro'b!eedi3Jd tp^iie Epistle side of 'the 'Hi^h^lfcar^'aiia . sli^^rid 'did all that pertained .to his 'ppii'iimdal. Ipf^c|e''m'r.tlit4t&ass;,.'in unison' 'with, ; the ' Bisjti'og 'Cpiis'edrat'orJ' '^' f There were spepial' prayers|apppinPdfaVd said/, ,'clur.ing the remainder/ of tli^Jsei*vifie, ;,b(oth) iii' Me! Canon; andin the;Ppsj; C(^inuu'i(in.f^:|;r!^ .;/ ' *'[] ''?[,.'',',. ; ? At the ponciusibii' of: , the, , iiiass tlie Pixjsiding Bishop and the Assistant!'. Bishops placed the initre on. the head of the. 'new,. Bishop:; who having received his pontifical ring,' aud gloves, and staff, &c;, was thereupon .duly enthroned,— ithe ceremony jbeing followed with a Te JDeuin, with- the Antiplion Flrinet,ur Manns tua. The new Bishpp, lastly, gave his first Pontifical felessing to the people, after which; the service concluded , with mutual congratulations, of the ne^wly consecrated,- his , Conseerator, r and ,the Aseistant Bishops— the intent of tlie prayers so offered, being that they might continue to exer^ ! cise their pastoral office for man}', many years to? I the honor of God, and to the edification of the I Church of 'Christ. .'' Such is a. brief abstract of the administration' | of this holy Sacrament, which was conducted,. i throughout, with a solemnity and an order that ; j made every portion of it deeply impressive;' ! rendering it a matter of extreme regret that the1! j dimensions of the Cathedral Church in which ifcr j took place did not admit of many more being. j present at the service, and. of being edified '?' j thereby. In the. imperfect outline which we have' ] above presented to our readers it is, perhaps, ' i needless to say that any translations we have in-'! cidentally introduced are not 'of authority V '— ' ! being merely faithful but private renderings of ;! ?- ! the Latin text, such as may be not unwelcome to I. i some of our readers, all of whom must feeli '* ? deeply interested on this occasion. Deprecating - * - } the trenchant criticism of the Scholar and the'^ ; Divinity Student on our share in the affair, as. ! the humble Chroniclers of an historical event o£/ ? | no small importance, we would only say in con-1 1 elusion: Si male, corrige; si imperite, ignoscej' ,! si bene, fruere. . 4 .''?.?'? '' Besides the clergy whose names appear above ' as having taken an active part in the ceremonies i of the consecration, the following, wearing sur- ? ! plices, occupied seats within the sanctuary on the Epistle side of the altar :— Very Rev. Dean ? ' Hanley, Rev. M. M'Alroy, Very Rev. Dr. Cani, '; Rev.E. Luckie, Rev. P. Newman, Rev. M. J. ' Dvvyer, Rev. A. J. Forde, Rev. D. M'Guinn,' Rev. C. Twovney, Rev. P. White, Rev. John' O' Donovan, Rev. T. O'Neill, Rev. J. M. Garavel, r Rev. C. M. Joly, Rev. James Foley, Rev. Joseph' Laffan, Rev. William Reardon,.Rev. W. O'Brien,' and Rev. Henry Finnigau. The Church was' well filled by those who had provided themselves' with tickets, and among these were laymen who ; had travelled from all parts of the colony to ; witness the imposing ceremony. Some were1 from Sydney, others froin Yass and its surround ing districts, and even Albury, the most southern part of the diocese, was represented. -; His Honor Mr. Justice Faucett took a long; journey to be present, and among the congrega-.1 tion were members of Parliament, magistrates, and members of the learned professions. Many ' ?were deterred from visiting Goulburn by the1/ wretched state of the roads, and the rain which, fell on Saturday night so swelled the Wolldn- ' dilly river, that a lai-ge number of the inhabi- j tants beyond, were unable to ci-oss it on Sunday ? j morning. Long before the ceremony commenced ; i the church was filled, and the, . congregation '? .! watched, with the greatest interest the imposing - ...-!.' ceremonies which were being enacted within the/; j rails of the sanctuary. After the communion '? | the bishops and clergy having seated themselves, ? the Rev. 'Father 'M'Alroy ascended the Altar'} _. .' steps and preached the following ,coaseeratibia^ ? | sermon.1 ? ? ?? ' -i}-' ' ?' ? ' ' '?'? '.'' . '.;?;**:?: ? ' - ?'? .-?. ???. ?',.??? ' . ? ?' : ? . ' ' ? ??.-.-. '' ? ,;.-...- ' VERMONT. , ?', ; .'Anditcameto came in those days that he went) | intp.a mpuntaiu to pray, and he passed the whole'. ? night', in tlie .prayer of God. ^ And -vhen day was i- j come he., icalled ..unto him his disciples andhe^ | choose , !tw,elve of. them, whom also, he named.. ? agpstles.'.— Luke,- 6th, chap., 12 & 13 v.: — My;' | Lords andtpearly. Beloved Brethren, — For what1 | are we assembled; to-day in this temple dedi- ? | ca^tedto the.. worship and honor of the livingy |, God ? i\Vhy'.,are, we surrounded by this gloriouss, I array;, of s venerable, and reverend bishops and; ! other, dignitaries of the Church ? Are we here to : )? ' celebrate, with unusual; splendourthe great Feasft :- .' of : Penteco.st— one of-, the three great festivals, - i by-pre-eminence of the ecclesiastical year ? Do j | we come simply to commemorate the wonderful; [ descent of the Holy Ghost- the spirit of truth ,'j | provided by our 'Divine Lord, which was to c : teach all things to his apostles, illumine their j ? intellect,?, confirm them in truth, and abide with ? ' them and their lawful successors to the end of | time? Yes, belov.ed brethren, ? we are here in * \ the spirit of : the , Church to offer thanks and. i .., i praise to our .Divine Redeemer for consumating - i the great work lie had in view in all the mys- : j teries of his -life.., .For, on this day he sent the -, !'?? Eternal '.-, Trinity, $6 renew the face of the world, r , to prepare fprJiim a. people who were to serve / ;?- him in spirit and in truth, to form his church,, to ' j establish his ;spiritiiar; kingdom, on earth, which ; j was to.extendto allnations and generations to the :? i end of time. ?? But, beloved brethren, we'^re : - ;? here for another important purpose (at the call ;, 1 .of. Christ's Vicar on earth) to add another link i ; to. the chain of bishops of the Catholic Church.- ; ! , To-day we come to see publicly confirmed the . | choice (made , by our. Sovereign Pontiff the saintly - ; .': Pius I3C, successor of the Fisherman— who guides -, I ! the: bark of Peter) of a prelate to govern, under - ? : !)iis Holiness, this new diocese of Goulburn. W.ojr. j ': are. present to : witness the ceremony of his con«,r j . ^oration-:- to ..' see him '..invested, with all the j i ^dignity of the' : episcopal office. You will pardon y j -,'nie, beloved brethren, ;^f I detain you for a short I.-? : time! ; not so much .to enlighten and instruct as , . r ! 'to bring before our minds the wonderful mercy, ; goodness, ; and. providence of . God, in redeeming, j i man from the slavery of sin and establishing a, church through .which mankind could be enabled , I to benefit by his merits on the cross to the end . of the world. As the Son. of God made man t : was not to remain always in human form amongst- _; * ' .his . people,, divine Avisdom adopted a means : ;- ; necessary to carry out God's work for man.'., - He came- to be 'the way, the. truth, and ^the.,. ; life.' He came to accomplish man's salvation, .. : ? to teach mankind. his law, to point out the way ..-,. \ they should walk, and- shew the road' that leads ;; | to eternal life. ? For this work he selected hw-;t i apostles to go forth with his. authority, ; and in ,? [ his name announce his will to the world, as wo f read;. in St. Matthew,, 28th c.,' 16 ;v., where1,, 'The eleven disciples ,went into- Galilee, unto-. ; ' the mountain where Jesus 'had appointed .them,1, t; } i and seeing him, they adored : but some ddubtedj j i ? - ?! CT ? i rr« ? Hill'' ? ??? ? - And Jesus coming, spoke to them, saying : All gower is given to me in heaven and in earth, oye, therefore, and teach all nations ; baptizing them in the name of the Father, and of the Son, and of the Holy Ghost.' There we see, my brethren, the mode adopted by divine wisdom ' ' to perpetuate his will. He selected, from amongst his followers, some to teach others what he had taught them, and by his aid to perpet rate his teaching. Again, in St. Paul to the Ephesians, 4th c. 11th v. 'And some, indeed, lie gave to be apostles, and some prophets, and others evangelists, and others pastors and teachers, for the perfection of the saints, for the work of the ministry, unto the edification of the body of Christ.' When one of them betrayed the trust reposed in him, St. Peter, who was the spiritual head and rock on which the church was built, calling together all the brethren, said— Acts, 1st c, 16 y.— 'Men brethren, the Scripture must be fulfilled, which the Holy Ghost foretold by the mouth of David concerning Judas, who was the leader of them 'that apprehended Jesus : Who was numbered with us, and had obtained part of this ministry. ' «* Wherefore, of these men who have been with tig, all the time that the Lord Jesus came in and went out amongst us.' 'One of these must be made awitnesswithus, of his resurrection.' Not even defection on the part of those selected could oppose the progress of God's work for man. For by appointment, as we clearly see, beloved brethren, with those first commissioned, rested the authority of taking others into a part of the ministry. It was so when the eleven .selected Mathias to take place of Judas. It was so when St. Paul committed, to Timothy, the charge of the faithful at Ephesus, to whom he said Timothy, 2nd c, 2nd y. — 'The things, which thou hast heard from me, before many witnesses the same command to faithful men, who shall be fit to teach others also.' In the same spirit St. Paul wrote to Titus, who was appointed with charge of the faithful at Crete— Titus, 1st c, 5v. 'For this cause I left thee in Crete, that thou shouldest ordain priests in every city, as I also appointed thee.' ' It was so when you, my Lords, received charge of your respective sees through the source from which proceeds authority to govern the Catholic Church all over the world. The power of Pius IX. had not commenced with him, but come to him in an unbroken line of succession from him to whom Christ said, 'Peter, I have prayed that thy faith fail thee not.' On whom, as a rock, he built his church, with which he promised to remain until the consummation of ages. It is so to day, beloved brethern, when by ,this same divine authority you, my Lords, are here to place over the Catholics of this new diocese of Goulburn one to rule and govern in the pleni tude of episcopal power. St. Augustine, whose authority must weigh deeply with all professing Christians, one of the great lights of the Church Bays — ,'That which holds me in the Church is the unbroken succession of pastors from the apostle Peter, to whom Christ entrusted the feeding of his sheep, thus giving him episcopal jurisdiction. . What a glorious dignity is this my brethren ! to be made co-operators of the apostles and the invisible head, Jesus Christ, ia perpetuating the doctrines and teachings of his Church, which, after passing through various ordeals for eighteen hundred years, still con tinues without corruption of its doctrines or ' . diminutive of its vitality. For centuries she struggled against the might and power of the . Boman Caesars ; for ages she battled arid con tinues to fight against heresy, false philosophy, and materialism ; yet she continues to triumph. Her bishops, as sentinels on her watch-towers -eharged with her defenee, were ever victorious and signal in putting her enemies to flight — ?'preserving carefully the deposit of faith, and. taking heed to themselves and to the flock wherein the Holy Ghost placed them to rule the Church of God, which he had acquired with his blood.' Acts, 20 c, 28 v. — What a sublime dignity to rule the Church of God ! Its excel lence can only be estimated by its author and object; — its author or he who con fers the dignity, is the Holy Ghost, the third person of the Adorable Trinity ; the object, the Church of Christ, which he purchased by his blood. All human dignity and honor is small oompared to what is conferred on the episcopal body. The obligations it imposes are arduous, and the qualifications it requires of a high order. We saw already from the words of Christ what these powers were : ' All power is given to me in heaven and in earth ; go ye therefore and teach all nations, baptising them in the name of the Father, and of the Son, and of the Holy Ghost.'— -St. Matthew, 28 c, 18 and 19 v. Again, in St. John, 20 c, 22 v. : 'As the Father sent me, so I also send you ;' I now re turn to my Father, having accomplished my mission in the redeption of a fallen world ; I have sown the seed of divine truth, I have watered the soil with my blood : I have established the episcopacy in your persons, to mature the fruit and collect it into my Father's granary ; you must perpetuate it to the end of time, and teach through the Bishops, your successors, all things I have commanded you, and behold I am with yon to the consummation of the world.' Here precept, promise, and privilege conspire to, con fer power and obligation to teach. They were to teach, not any particular nation, but the whole world. He gave them power independent of human authority. They were not to ask or seek permission from the princes and powers of the world. The labour was great and arduous and still continues to be so—to change the moral aspect of the world, and this alone by moral means; to contend with false doctrine, falsephilo sophy, prejudices of birth and education, self interest, wordly and intellectual pride— that greatest enemy of man's salvation, that caused the angels to be cast from heaven, banished our first parents from Paradise, vitiated human nature in its germ, and caused man to thirst ior She blood of his fellow-man and subvert the laws ©f nature, which the brute creation had not vio lated. The duty of teaching still continues with $h» bishops of the Catholic Church, The stream of pure doctrine still flows, and will continue to flow to the end of time, pure and unsullied as when divine truth first committed it to the care of his apostles. Let us now see the sort of men they were, and the qualities God requires in the bishops of his Church. Is it nobleness of birth, profound depth of learning, temporal power? Although many bishops were of exalted rank, the highest literary attainments — lights of the world in science, literature, and the arts — yet surely the selection made by Christ of his first apostles does not give these qualifications as essential. Some were poor fishermen, taken from their nets ; others lived by occupa tions the opposite of ennobling, illiter ate by their condition ; but when the Holy Ghost shed his beams on them, power from on high was committed to them. No longer timid or slow of heart, they became illumined for their supernatural mission, proclaimed themselves boldly followers of Christ, taught his doctrine in season and out of season by word and example, hungered and thirsted after justice ; they were indifferent to the estimation of men, their con versation was in heaven ; they prepared by prayer by patience, and by long suffering ; in a word, they were sanctified and became models of humility, charity, and every virtue, courageous, firm, and uncompromising. And these, beloved brethren, are some of the qualities required in the bishops of the Catholic Church. They have still to defend the Faith, preach the doctrines of Christ and him crucified, to the Jews a stumb ling block, to the gentiles a foolishness, and all this without much aid from human authority. Yes, my lord, from this day you are to exercise the authority of the apostles in your diocese ; you, as head pastor of the faithful under your spiritual charge, participate in the power of the keys once delivered to St. Peter. You are to ordain priests as Titus, to give and withdraw faculties as may be required, to guard your flock from unhealthy pastures. You will have at times to encounter the unfounded theories of. men of science, the raillery of the scoffer, and the sneers of the sceptic. You are to point out that religion rests on a firm basis, and that neither the philosopher, the man of science, nor the statesman can go right when unmindful of its inspirations. _ You are to, exemplify the virtues you wish to incul cate, if you desire them to sink deeply into the hearts of your spiritual charge. You are to be a pattern to your flock, that you may say with St. Paul, and without vainglory, 'Be ye fol lowers of me, as also I am of Christ.' Uncom promising firmness of resolution, regulated by bhe maxims of religion, and sound judgment, alike proof against the threats and blandishments of power, of flattery, or of false friends, you are bo wage continual spiritual warfare against flesh and blood, principalities and powers. You can neither, my Lord, modify nor clip the dogmas of faith to suit the caprice of the human mind, nor soften down and smoothen its moral obligations ; you must therefore needs be firm arid uncompro mising. You have pondered well on the arduous duties of your exalted office, and the qualifica tions required to discharge them with advantage and profit. If I have spoken on these points, it could not have been for your instruction, but for the information of your flock, and to shew, on account of what you have under taken for them, the affectionate homage and. obedience they owe you. I speak not to you, my Lord, as to a stranger. I have the advantage of knowing you for almost a quarter of a century. Our first meeting was within the hallowed walls of our dear Alma Mater, Maynooth College : that school of piety and learning from whence went forth so many apostles of the faith to the Irish church as well as to the church in all nations : where so many bishops, eminent for solid piety, profound learning, and patriotism, were educated. I need scarcely name the saintly Archbishop, Doctor Dixon, and your own revered Archbishop, Dr. Leahy, under whose careful training you received the first impressions of ecclesiastical life. In Maynooth you were piepared for the high sta tion you this day take in the Church ; there the seeds of those permanent and lasting virtues which shone forth through life were planted. What was your character as a Maynooth stu dent? A blameless life, unostentatious piety, unobtrusive manners, with firmness and integrity of purpose, gained you the confidence and respect of your fellow-students ; punctuality in the dis^ charge of your collegiate duties ensured the approbation of superiors, and the friendship of the learned, honored, and everto^beremem bered then president, Dr. Renihan. There you acquired the virtue and the characteristics of the good priest, and with these qualifications you entered on your priestly functions in the time- honoured diocese of Cashel, where the habits 6arly formed and matured won for you during a period of eleven years the sincere good wishes and respect of fellow-priests and a good archbishop. When the wants of the Australian church were forced upon your notice by the pious and venerable Arch deacon M'Encroe, who is here to-day, the same disinterested noble spirit caused you to break off early associations, leave home, country, and friends, at what you deemed the call of stern duty, to extend the kingdom of Christ, and break the bread of life to souls redeemed by his blood. I shall now leave to others to say whether your missionary career for seven years here has not been fully in accordance with your early fervour. You are to-day, my Lord, asso ciated with the noble band of learned and gifted' bishops of the Australian church whom we see around us. Must not every child of the Church rejoice at the ceremony we this day witness ? Had we amongst us the revered and venerable prelate who for so many years bore so faithfully and well the toils and labours of his vast diocese, our illustrious archbishop, would he not rejoice to find himself surrounded hy such a noble body of bishops, prepared and able to raise their united voices in defence of the Church, and to relieve him of some of those responsibili ties which latterly so heavily preyed upon him ! You made due preparation for the descent of the ? ':? :- ? . ;*#:- ' ????/ -?-, Holy Ghost, which came upon you by the imposition of hands. May then the divine grace of the Spirit of Truth open the eyes of your soul and inflame your heart to see and feel the greatness and dignity of the trust confided to your Lordship's care this day ! You are placed as a watchman on the walls of the Church to defend the stronghold of the Faith which you must hand down as it is this day delivered to you by that 'Church which Christ sanctified, that he might present it to himself a glorious Church, not having a spot or wrinkle, or any such thing, but that it should holy and without blemish.'— Ephesians, 5 ch. 27 v. May the Holy Virgin, Queen of Apostles and Seat ^ of Wisdom, aid you by her prayers and intercession to fulfil that trust with fidelity, that you may be able to say at the close of your earthly career in the sanguine words of St. Paul to Timothy (2nd Epistle, 4 c. , 7 v. ) 'I have fought a good fight ; I have finished my course ; I have kept the faith. For the rest, there is laid up for me a crown of justice, which the Lord, the just judge will render to me at that day ; and not to me only, but to them also who love his- coming.' The Banquet. In the evening the Right Rev. Dr. Lanigan entertained a large number of guests at the con secration dinner which took place at his episco pal residence. The whole of the clergy were present as well as the lay gentlemen who had come from distant places to witness the cere monies of the morning, the Police magistrate of Goulburn and its leading citizens were there and the company numbered between eighty and ninety. The banquet was a magnificent affair, and was worthy of the host and the great body of ecclesiastics and laity who were partakers of it. The chair was occupied by the newly conse crated bishop, who had on his right the Right Rev. Dr. Quinn of Brisbane, and Mr. Justice Faucett, and on his left the bishops of Bathurst and Maitland. The duties of the vice-chair were undertaken by the Rev. M. M'Alroy. When bhe company had done justice to the bounteous repast of their Right Rev. host the programme of boasts was commenced. In proposing the first toast the Right Rev, Dr. Lanigan said : — My Lords and gentleman, after bhe very solemn ceremonies of the morning, we are iiere for some relaxation, and 1 hope the evening jvill pass in a manner agreable to every one present. The occasion which has brought together this party keeps before us one leading dea. Some time ago a venerable old man in Rome, sent me a letter, and the effects arising :rom it suffice to give us- some notion of the jharaeter of its author. Present relations bring is here in closer ties to him ; we owe the greater )bligations to him. ^therefore propose, Health md Triumph to the* Venerable Head of the Catholic Church, Pope Pius the Ninth. The ;oast was then drunk with the honours. After vhieh the usual loyal toasts were given and jreeted heartily. The Right Rev. Dr. J. Quins, Bishop of Bris -ane, now rose and said it had been his agreeable luty that morning to take the principal part in ;he consecration of his right rev. friend, and it vas now an equally pleasing though not so solemn i duty which devolved upon him. It was to propose the health of Dr. Lanigan. As that prelate was present he would not put him to the jlush by sounding his praises, but would confine limself to matters relating to the consecration. Se believed that Providence for his own ends )ften called upon persons totally unknown or mspoken of to fill the highest dignities in the Dhurch. This was accomplished for its own purposes, and by it had been supplied to the church many of her most glorious pontiffs and pious prelates. It had been the case in the elec iion of our present Pope Pius the Ninth. He 'his Lordship) had been in Rome at the time of jhat election, 1846, and ho would never forget bhe excitement and expectation which filled the iioly city on that occasion, but excitement had been increased, and much surprise evinced when it was made publicly known that one but little known and hardly appreciated had been raised bo the pontifical throne. Until then the name sf the Cardinal Archbishop of Sinegaglia had / been but little mentioned and its bearer had been undistinguished even among the poor whom he tnade it his daily duty to visit, assist, and con sole. Until the almost unanimous voice of the cardinals in conclave had appointed Giovanni Maria Mastai Feretti to be Pope, nothing had been known of these great qualities which had since developed themselves so conspieuously. But nojsooner did he occupy that position than he showed himself the father of the orphan- the patron of the oppressed, arid such a firm and unflinching advocate . of the rights and privileges of the Catholic Church. As in the instance of the reigning Pontiff so in that of the Bishop of Goulburn, providence made its own choice and disappointed public expectation. In the latter as in the former ' case the man selected was comparatively unknown before his elevation, but on looking back to his career he is found to have been a pious exemplary and suc cessful student, in Maynooth College, an edifying priest on the mission in his native diocese of Cashel, in Ireland, and finally the highly res pected and much beloved pastor of Berrima. In every position in which he was placed his duties were discharged so punctually and so efficiently as to merit the warmest, approbation of his superiors, and the kindly regard of those to whom he ministered or with whom he asso ciated, but the same time so unostentatiously as to escape the attention of all but those with whom he came into immediate contact. He would pursue this Bubject no futher, but would con clude by hoping that as Sinegaglia had given to Rome its noblest pontiff, so be had no doubt that Berrima had supplied to the CatholicB of Goulburn a prelate f ull of zeal, piety, humility and disinterestedness. He would propose the health of the Right Rev. Dr. Lanigan, Bishop of Goulburn. (A perfeot storm of applause greeted this toast, the applause and acclamations of the guests continued for some seconds, and it was with some difficulty that his Lordship at length secured a hearing. During his ' speech in reply V ???.'?' ?-'? also the applause broke out at intervals, and as he concluded, the ovation was completed by such a genuine burst of feeling that we began to imagine ourselves again a resident in the green isle of enthusiastic love and reverence for tho Church and its teachers.) ? Dr. Lanigan proposed the health of the Bishop, of Brisbane. The Bishop of Brisbane returned thanks for the cordial way in which the toast was received. ' He proceeded to say the good Bishop was pleased to refer to the difficulties with which he (the speaker) had to contend. It was his belief that as the Divine Founder of the Church had chosen' to establish it in difficulties and suffering so Ho had ordained that all thosejwhom He selected to: perpetuate His- work should have their share of ' trials. For his own part he had often doubted whether he was sent as a benefit or as a chastise, ment to his flock, and while under these doubta he found the chief source of his consolation ia the difficulties which surrounded him. Hfe; would say no more of himself ; but he would touch lightly on the two principles which had hitherto guided him, and should he hoped con tinue to guide him during his career here below, be it long or short. One of the principles waa to show himself equally kind to those outside as to those inside the church. This was no affectation of liberality; but merely what he conceived to be his duty. Nay he would go further and say that he believed it be his duty to be even more considerate and kind to those outside than to those within his flock. He stated only a principle of the Catholic Church when he said that everybody baptized, whether by Pius the Ninth or by the Archbishop of Canter bury, or anyone else, is recognised as belonging to the church, so long as none of the essentials of baptism had been omitted, and that he eon tinued so until, by his own fault, he excluded himself. Those trained outside the church, without auy fault of their own, held the relation to it of children brought up at a distance from their own home and deprived of a knowledge of their parents. It was plain that the obligations of such, parents to such children were not dimin ished by the inculpable ignorance of their children, or any lack of due respsct or reverence which might result from such ignorance. From this they would snfficiently understand the duty of a Catholic bishop to those separated from him in communion. He was now going to touch on the second point referredto, namely, his relation to politics.' He never was and never would be a politician, for he believed his proper position to be a far higher one, and that if he became a politician in the ordinary sense of the term he- - might do much more harm than good. Our Lord had said, 'My kingdom is not of this world ;' and if the clergy mixed in party politics a great deal of evil was likely to be the result. But when he said this, he was obliged to except' special questions into which they were sometimes. . dragged, than, which nothing gave him greater pain. When the question of religion or educa tion was concerned it became the duty of a bishop to take his proper place. He had never - shrunk from it ; and He never would, any more I than he would shrink froih the stake or the scaf- . fold. The pleasure he felt in being present that evening was increased by finding among them so many gentleman differing from thein in creed; ??- ? and he now spoke as he did that they might have the opportunity of forming proper opinions ass to the principles'1 by which Catholics were really : guided ; for he was sure that if the people out- .: aide the Catholic church properly understood those principles, much more good feeling would exist than did at present. He had now done with himself. They must all feel the absence that evening of the venerable Archbishop. He was going to ask them to drink his health. It would be quite out of place for him to say any thing in his praise. Those who knew the least ; of him knew enough to join in wishing him a speedy and safe return to this country. He con trasted the condition of the Catholic body now ; with that that existed when the Archbishop first came here. To be a Catholic then was in the estimation of many to belong to one of the lowest classes of the people ; and the conduct of those in power was guided by the most despotic prin ciples. The Governor had power to prevent a priest exercising his vocations unless he had been licensed by the home authorities, and power to ? flog men who would not join the worship of a church to which they did not belong. There were then about thirty thousand Catholics in these colonies and only four priests. Now there were about three hundred thousand Catholics, about two hundred priests, and seven suffragan bishops. Of course all the change that had taken place was not the work of the Arch bishop. Others had their full share in bringing it about. They could never forget Archdeacon McEncroe (great applause), whose name, with that of the late Archpriest Therry, would live ia Australian history. The venerated Bishop of Birmingham had brought out eight priests from Maynooth to the colonies ; and they had honour ably born their share of the toils by which the great change had been effected. He might specially mention the labours of Dean Rigney, Dr. Fitzpatrick of Melbourne, and Dean Lynch. And who could fail to think of Dean Hanly? (Applause.) When he came from England to,. ; his see of Brisbane he used to be generally asked . as a passport to hospitality whether he knew Dean Hanly. He gave instances of the kindly manner in which he was remembered and of the toilsome labors he had performed which nothing but his indomitable spirit and great capacity of ; fatigue could have enabled him to undergo. To do what Dean Hanly had done it must! have been necessary to have ridden sixty, eighty even a hundred miles a day, and this perhapg once or twice within a week. But notwithstanding, the great part 'these . men had taken in promoting the cause of the church the merits of the Archbishop were none the less. The ability to choose good : officers rather added to than detracted from the ( merits of a general; and it was one of the merits I . ? (Continued on page 15.) .' _ -??'?* (Continued from page 10.) of the Archbishop that he knew how to make a good choice. In speaking of the great improve ment that had taken place in the position of Catholics he must not not omit to bear testimony to the merits of that gentleman who during so many years of the period he was speaking of had filled the office of Attorney-General ; nor could _,e pass over the names of Judge Therry and John O'Sullivan. The personal characters of such men were the best means of makingpeople respect Catholics. What he said of the Archbishop was that he was at the head of the progression he had referred to ; and. that he had well earned the respect and esteem of those who had differed from Mm in matters of faith. m He proposed the _ealth of the Archbishop. This important toast having been duly hon oured, the Vicar-General, Rev. S. J. A. Sheehy, ?«ras called upon to respond. He commenced by regretting that the Venerable Archdeacon had not been called upon to reply to this toast. He felt, from the manner in which the Bishop of Bris bane had spoken, that the response should be placed in the hands of one more capable than himself. He felt assured that had his Grace been at home nothing could give him more plea sure than to consecrate and meet Dr. Lanigan. Within the limits of twenty-eight years the Catholics of Australia had much to rejoice at, and much for which to be grateful to the Arch bishop. Besides the prelates and .clergymen mentioned by Dr. Quinn, he might recal the names of Drs. Shiel, Murphy, and Geogahan, in whose appointment, or coming to the colonies, his Grace had been mainly instrumental. These had also worked well in the cause of religion, bat he was certain that in the nomination of not one of them had he rejoiced more than he had in that of Dr. Lanigan for Goulburn. He had stated so much in his letters, and the only fear expressed by his Grace was that physical de bility would prevent that clergyman from ac cepting the preferment. The Venerable Archdeacon being now called ?upon, said that the appointment of Dr. Lanigan was one at which he was delighted, and this gratification was all the greater since he had been, in some degree, the means of bringing the Bishop of Goulburn to the colonies. When in Ireland some years since, anxious to obtain a number of zealous clergymen for the Australian mission, he had, amongst. other places, visited the archdiocese of Cashel, the archbishop of which time- honoured diocese had given him full permission to look for volunteers. Whilst en gaged in the search he met with Father Lanigan, who at once agreed to accompany him to the antipodes. It is usual on these occasions to en quire of the diocesan into the character and ? antecedents of the clergymen wishing to embark in a new career. On the enquiries being made in this instance the archbishop not alone spoke warmly of Farther. Lanigan, but also expressed much regret that he was about to lose so pious, zealous, and efficient a clergyman. As for the times spoken of by Dr. Quinn — theearlier years of the colony — he must confess that he was often considerably disheartened when he viewed the spiritual destitution of the colony. Before the coming of that great and good Governor, Sir Richard Bourke, the aspect of affairs was truly heartrending, there was but one Catholic school in the colouy, and but one Catholic chaplain, and the whole assistance granted to the support of religion amounted only to six hundred pounds. Under these circumstances no bishop could come to the colonies, and the number of clergymen could scarcely be increased. After his arrival matters began to mend, and soon recognising' the strength and influence of the Catholic body he obtained for them a proportionate share of the public revenue, by which they were enabled to support their schools and sustain their clergy. Since then matters had been yearly improving, and it was for us to take care they should not retrograde. It was our duty to defend our posi . tions, and without aggression to seek for those measures essential to our prosperous existence. These were freedom of education and freedom of religion. We should always be actuated by sentiments of peace and good will towards those with whom we differed in religion. We should meet them in a friendly and kindly spirit — this had ever been his practice, and though he had often seriously disagreed with some amongst them yet the friendly association was never ?aeriously impaired. The Bishop of Goulburn, again rising, proposed the health of Drs. Murray and Quinn. Eight Eev. Mathew Quinn, Bishop of Bat hurst, rose to return thanks. He was deeply grateful for the reception accorded to him and to his brother bishops by the people of Goul burn, but he was now placed in a rather awk ward position ; there was really nothing left for him to say; it had all been monopolised by previous speakers ; yet he knew that as a 'new ?chum' he would be expected to say something. The subject which to him appeared of most im-i portance was that ot education, and he believed' it was the interest of all denominations to secure' tor themselves the liberty of educating their children as they thought proper ; and it was not upon the Catholics alone that the advantages to be derived from educational liberty would fall. Every man had a right to his own opinion, and no one could complain as he did not obtrude Iiis ?doctrine upon another. The Catholics of Aus tralia did not wish to obtrude their opinions upon others, nor would they take any mean ad Vantage of them. They only required ' free dom of education, and this they should have. For this had ho struggled, would he continue to contend, and if necessary for the accomplishment of this object should ite be prepared to shed his blood. In this free country there should be universal freedom : freedom in religion, freedum of the press, free aonx of opinion, and entire freedom of education. With regard to the latter, the .position of the catholics was very peculiar. They believed and ?« waa not trough bigotry they,' believed, that Jfcere was but one trub religion ; but they forced «u« bebtf «a n0 ttau ; and «n th? -^ta«y, ihoy ?'.'?'. ' ., it.',' 't'«. - *?' ''*!?????'?!' ??''??'.;???????. .' !-'*'.x: .:;.'. «? ft would be ready at; all times to assist other de nominations to assert their freedom in religious matters. It followed however from this belief that they were bound in conscience to educate their children in accordance with it, and to re move from them all dangers that might expose them to believe otherwise. For the secu ingof this great object he thought there were' three things necessary. 1st. That all school property should be vested in the Catholic body. 2nd. That the selection of boooks should be left/ to the heads of their Church. And, 3rd. That1 the master should be appointed by the pastors of the Catholic Church. These three matters he thought perfectly indispensable to securing a proper degree of religious freedom. He would not enter into the subject at large, but he pro mised his Lordship and the two Bishops to unite cordially with them under the able guidance of the venerable and sainted patriarch of Australia (the archbishop) to assist to gain the perfect freedom for the education of the children. He would conclude by congratulating the episcopate of Australia on the able acces sion it had that day received in the person of his Lordship of Goulburn. In him they would find a sainted prelate, a firm bishop, and an honest advocate of their rights. He entered oh his episcopal career under favourable circum stances. The untiring zeal, the great ability and energy, and the indomitable perseverance of the Eev. Father MacAlroy, had prepared the way for him. He would not say one word in praise of this good and disinterested priest. Many of his audience knew the fruits of his suc cesful labours, and his merits were knov;n not only to all of them, but far beyond the shores of Australia. There was one circumstance how ever, personal to himself, which it would be in gratitude in him not to mention. Father Mac Alroy was one of the first to give him a hearty welcome to Australia, and seeing that he had brought with him priests and nuns that must have entailed great expense, he left his purse at his disposal. He again thanked them for the kind way in which they had received his humble name. The Eight Eev. James Murray, Bishop oi Maitland, said he felt thankful for the cordial manner in which the mention of his name had been received. He had three reasons for not making a speech : first, because the other speakers had made long speeches ; second, because the Bishop of Bathurst took up the very subject on which he intended to speak ; third, because there were no more questions left upon which he could say anything. He was glad, for having come to Goulburn to take part in the magnificent ceremony which had been witnessed that day. Dr. Lanigan was no stranger, like the Bishop of Bathurst and himself, but was a man long resi dent amongst and much esteemed by the people over whom he was called upon to spiritually preside. No doubt Dr. Lanigan like all others would have great difficulties to contend against, difficulties with which, from his long residence in the colony, he would, be better able to cope than any fresh man, and the Catholics of Goulburn might well be thankful that the vicar of Christ had appointed him their Bishop. In coming to his diocese Dr. Lanigan had great advantages. He thought no bishop in the whole of Australia has so fine a presbytery as the one in which they then were ; and they had but to go outside and they would see in the con vent a splendid building and a community of Nuns that would do credit to any diocese in the world. Dr. Lanigan found these here when he came, and he found here also the man whose energy and perseverance had mainly helped to raise these structures, and who was ready and willing to do much more. To this man Dr. Lanigan owed much, but the people of Goulburn owed more. What difficulties were so great that these two men could not surmount ? and what might not Goulburn expect from the united labours of Dr. Lanigan and Father McAlroy ? I shall only make one observation on education. If our legislature only understood catholics and would grant them the rights which in conscience they are bound to maintain, they would be found to be the firmest and most devoted friends of the state. He expected to have seen in New South Wales that freedom of education which is consonant with the liberty enjoyed by the people, but he was sorry to say that in this respect on his arrival in the colony he was disappointed. He could say on this matter, only that the able manner in which it was handled by the Bishop of Bathurst precluded him from trespassing further on their time. This however he would say, that he should always be opposed to any system of education that took from Catholics tlie right to educate their children according to Catholic doctrine, The Eight Eev. Chairman then proposed 'The Clergy'. The Very Eev. the Vicar-General of the Arch diocese returned thanks on behalf of the clergy. Eev. M. McAlroy said he really was not able to say much that night ; he felt overpowered almost at the high compliments passed upon him by their Lordships the Bishops of Maitland and Bathurst, and by his own Bishop. He (Father McAlroy) had come to this colony to labor for the church, -with the belief that here were to be found civil liberty and religious equality, but he soon discovered that these terms were only used as a delusion and a mockery. Civil liberty could never be complete, could never be really enjoyed unless it was accompanied by religious equality. For his part he had no politics, except on one point — education. He had given a good deal of attention to this subject, and although he had been looked upon as a great supporter of the pre sent Government, on the subject of education however, he held opinions diametrically, opposed to members of Government- as expressed by tho new bill. He had assisted to build churches and schools, and was nobly and generously supported by the liberality of Protestants and Catholics, through the Southern districts, not having, received ono shilling from the State. At one! time he was in favour of Mr. Cowper's Govern- J ment, until he found they introduced an educa- 1 tioft.feilV. Wom *roo .««j^^*?ra-«V«ad h«| never would countenance or range himself upon the side of the Government that would not grant to Catholics favours equal to those granted to other denominations. How many of the officers of the police were Catholics ? and he meant by officers those of the grade of inspectors and sub inspector in the police force of the colony, in which not more than two out of the thirty-five were Catholics. The education system proposed by the late Government was bad, but the one enforced by the present Ministry is very little better. This system of education would not now be the law of the land if there were here, while it was under public consideration, bishops who would raise their voice and use their influ ence against its adoption. Catholics can now, thank God, acting under the advice of their spiritual guides force attention to their wants and claim redress for their grievances. Had they men in the House of Assembly who took an interest in their welfare, and he was proud to say there were some few there, although not belonging to his communion — one of whom an unexpected accident prevented from being present pn this evening : he meant the high minded independent member for the Murrum bidgee, Mr. William Macleay— they should not be slightingly treated, or the clergy nightly abused in Billingsgate language. Clergymen should not be partisans in politics, but in support of the rights and liberties of the people, they, in common with all others, should stand by those rights and liberties, and be equally ready by their counsel and example to advocate and detend them. He felt heartily grateful for the kindness with which the toast just drunk had been received. The Eight Eev. Dr. Lanigan next proposed the health in a flowing bumper of the Bench and Legal profession of New South Wales. Mr. Justice Faucett, responded on behalf of the Bench. The Eight Eev. Chairman then proposed the toast of the Legislature to which Mr. Morrice, M.L.A. responded. The next toast proposed by the Chairman was the Laity which was drunk with the honors. Dr. Forrest then proposed as a toast our Ancient Universities, to which Mr. Adams, from Sydney, eloquently responded. Dr. Forrest also proposed the Press, and the toast was responded to by Mr. W. E. Eiley, of the Qoulburn Herald, and by Mr. O'Donovan, of the Empire staff. The company then on the retiring of the right rev. prelates, separated. 