LOCAL NEWS- TOWN HALL LECTURE—The Rev Mr' Simmons will lecture tomorrow afternoon at tbe Town Hall. The subject that the Rev gentleman has selected on this occasion is " The Postman's Knock," a subject which in the hands of the clever and learned lecturer : will no doubt be most amusingly and instructively handled. ACCIDENT.—A lad named Cox was taken to the Hospital on Thursday, suffering from a fracture of the right arm, from a kick of a horse that he was leading to water. The boy was brought all the way from Kingston. Dr Turnley placed the limb in splints, and the boy returned to his home. MECHANICS' INSTITUTE.—The lecture by the Kev W. C. Robinson, on Thursday evening at the Mechanics'Institute, was delivered to a thin attendance, no doubt caused by the inclemency of the weather, and the attractions in other localities. The lecturer reviewed the life and actions of 'Howard' the ^Philanthropist in a most interesting style. MARINBHS' CHDBCH—The Rev Joshua Smith will officiate to-morrow afternoon at the Mariners' Church, on the Franklin Wharf. Seamen are invited. ASCENSION DIR.—On Thursday evening there was a full Cathedral Service at Trinity Church. There was not as full a congregation as was anticipated, but. the Church was well filled. The choirs have been (with the exception of that of St David's, which took no part in the service) in practice for some time, and were well represented, the organ being presided over by Mrs Abbott Ths beautiful music of the church was well rendered. The clergymen present were his lordship the Bishop, the Rev F. H. Cox, the Rev H, B. Bromby, the Rer A. Davenport, the Rev F. Hudspeth, and the Rev E. Freeman. The service was conducted hy the Rev H. B. Bromby, a sisted by the Rev A. Davenport. The Biahop preached from the last , five verses of the 24th chapter of the gospel : according to St Luke a sermon appropriate j to the occasion, which was listened to with I much attention. A collection was made in j aid oi the fans for fencing the church, I LAONCBSTON —The 'Launceston Examiner' of Thursday says:—John Taylor was brought up at the Police Court yesterday, charged with "stealing two children." The man was observed on Tuesday, in the middle of the day, to entice two children named M'Dermott away, and take them into the quarry on the Cataract Hill He was arrested and brought to the watchhouse followed by a large number of persons who were alarmed or surprised at his conduct 1 wo pieces of rope were found in prisoner's pocket. BETHESDA WORKING MEN'S CLUB — The usual weekly meeting of the above Club was held at the Bethesda Schoolroom, on Thursday evening, when several four-part tongs were well rendered, and various pieces were read, consisting of" A gold digger's visit to the Falls of Gosemity and the Giant Trees of California." from the ' Churchman's Magazine/ "Paddy's Gridiron," '"King O'Tcl and St Kevan," " Bndgeof Sighs," "Kossuth's Farewell to his Countiy," & c. There was not a large attendance owing to the inclemency of the weather, and Mr Abbott had a^ain to complain of the non-attendance of several gentlemen whn had proffered their services. When we take into consideration that this club has only been in existence some three weeks, it is very gratifying to see so many members enrolling; there are, however, various improvements, which as members increase, and funds become strong WJU eventually be made. On the eveninl ol the opening- of the club Mr Abbott in bringing the matter before those present, gave them to understand that this was not meant to clash in any way with the Working Alan's Club, butthathe hoped it might prove an introduction to that club. They could not hope to offer the same inducement to their members, and what he wished to do was to give the working men of the locality an evenings amusement at a cheap rate^ and to promote social harmony. We wish him success. Goti» MOM FiuGAt.—Mr Thomas the Government Sutveyor came down from Fingal on Tuesday, and brought with him .66 ounces oT gold from the Fingal Beef, which was handed over to Air Whitcomb the Manager of the Company, Th« prospects of the Company are looking np. Mr rhemas also brought 9 ounces of alluvial gold, which has been.obtained from the locality ot Mangana, obtained at depths of from 8 to 10 feet TROTTING MATCH.—Thematcharranged between Mr. Moore's MisB Pope and Mr. Woods' Spanker, for .£20 aside, came off yesterday. The distance was aboui 10 miles, being from the 1st milestone on the New Town Road to the llth milestone opposite the Watch-hou«e at Bridgewater. Shortly after JO o'clock the competitors were on the ground, Mr. Moore driving in an American * spider,' weighing 140lbs, and Mr. Woods in a gig weighing 4cwt. Mr. Walter Graham acted as starter, and a very good start was effected. Miss Pope leading, which she maintained np to the 9 th milestone, having, however, broke three times. Up to the 9th milestone she had been leading about three or four lengths, but a few yards past the 9th stone Spanker pas* the lady. Going down the Tenmile Hill, by Hestercomb, Spanker broke, and Miss Pope passed him, and kept the lead np to the winning post, coming in about half a length ahead of her antagonist. The time was not accurately taken, but the ten miles were done in from 40 to 42 minute?. There was a large number of sporting men present both at the start and at tbe finish Some dissatisfaction appears to exist as to Moore being on the off side near the- finish, and not letting Woods pass when called on to do so. There has been a protest handed in by Woods in consequence. The race caused a considerable amount of excitement. CRICKETING —Yesterday evening was appointed for holding a general meeting of the Southern Tasmanian Cricket Club at Mr. Oldham's, Bird-in-Hand Hotel, Axgyle-Btreet. Although the Club contains sixty members, a quorum of 11 was not in attendance to proceed with the business that the few earnest members present were anxious to complete. Messrs. Whitesides, Hogg, Sheehy, and a few others who were in attendance for a considerable time after the hour app in ted, proposed and agreed upon an adjournment until Friday next in the same place. This did not speak loudly in favor of the earnestness of many of our cricketers. CON FI RMATio\~.—t he rite of confirmation was administered yesterday evening at St John's, Upper Goul bourn-street, by the Lord Bishop of Tasmania, to thirtytwo postulants. —twenty - two being females, and ten males. The Revs Gellibrand, Bromby, and Bramwell assisted at the service. The Bishop delive red a most eloquent address to the newly coufirmed, from the 8th verse of 1st chapter of the Acts of the Apostles. " Hut ye shall receive power after the Holy Ghost is come npon you, and ye shall be witnesses unto me." The Church was densely crowded. OBG IN FOND CONCERT.—The practice of Handel't, Oratorio, " Israel in Egypt," will be continued this evening at the Town Hall. THE WNIED KOHLER. — This clever professor of the ' black art' gave a performance on Thursday night at the Theatre Koyal to a very lair audience, and the p'audits of the visitors bore testimony to the attainments of the performer. i,Bst ni^ht but a thin attendance assembled to witness the extraordinary feats of deception which this really clever "Presdigiteur" performs for the amusement of his audience. WHAT ARE TOUR GARDENERS ABOUT?— This question was asked by a visitor to Tasmania alongside the Southern Cross, s.s., from Melbourne, shortly after her arrival vesterday, '1 he query having been caused by seeing that the steamer as portl a of her deck load had brought orer about 70 dzoen of splendid Early York Cabbages, which might run about 4 or 5 pounds in weight each. They were being sold to the vegetable dealers at 5s 6d per dozen. Surely now that the Cabbage Aphis has almost disappeared, we should be able to grow sufficient vegetables for our own use. ABSCONDERS.—Five boys in the early part of the week absconded from the gang at work in the Government Domain. One of them was apprehended in town, and the remaining four were found by Constable Bimpier, one of the Sural Police, in a barn near New Norfolk on Thursday morning. ACCIDEKT.— Henry Barnett, aged 56, was knocked down at the corner of Collins and Market-streets yesterday morning, between 6 and 7 o'clock, by a butchers cart. His head was cut, he received a wound over the right eye, and the wheel went over his shoulder bruising it severely. He was taken to the Colonial Hospital, where he was attended by Dr Turnley, and was then taken home. WABKBR'S SKATING RINK.—This is now one of the most fashionable places of amusement in town. Many of our native born that l.ave never seen ice sufficiently strong to bear skating or sliding, have already attained considerable skill on the Roller Skates. How TO GET MSABUBED FOB BOOTS OR SHOES.—If yon want a shoe to fit you comfortably, next time you are measured for a pair, stand upon a piece of paper, and get the shoemaker to trace with pencil the outline of each foot; each foot, I say, because two feet are seid m alike in size and shape, though they belong to the same person. '1 hey are more than right and left; they are unlike. Don't suppose that you can be measured for a pair by the most carefui measurement of one. Insist on having the outlines as well aa the girth and length of each foot taken, and then, if the maker b an honest man he will send home a pair of boots, which, with their turned in toes .will look unpromising when off, but wheu once on will prove not only the most becoming but the most comfortable you ever wore. 