HARDY, R.A., POETIZES. To the Editor of the Standard. SIR,--I am proud to say that comparative success has attended me since you published my last epistle. Nevertheless, the re-decora- tions of the Hawthorn Hotel, as well as some other promised jobs have, contrary to my expectation, fallen into other and less artistic hands than Hardy's. Turning from the con- templation of man's ingratitude, the instability of his promises, and the general want of ap- preciativeness on the part of the denizens of Hawthorn, I, on Monday evening last, ven- tured forth from my vehicular domicile in search of that intellectual and invigorating enjoyment so essential after the severe labours of the day. I must premise that before leav- ing I saw, by the almanack presentation copy made to me on behalf of the Borough Coun- cil by their indefatigable Town Clerk, my friend and patron, Mr. Toon--that Monday was the anniversary of the discovery of America by Columbus. This great fact brought me back in imagination to the period of the great discoverer, and to aid my rumi- nating faculties, I sought repose within the portals of the Iron House; thence to the Nickle, &c.;, &c.; and finally, the witching hour found me serenely surveying the en- chanting landscape visible under the placid moon from the heights of Camberwell. With a suddenness peculiar to the atmospheric influences always prevalent in these latitudes, the sky changed its cerulean garb of spangled starry ornament into a brown ochreish hue. Intense darkness was was unusually visible. In- stinctively I felt the approach of a terrific apparition, of sombrest, direst, darkest, soul- oppressing hue. It was Ye Ghost of Camberwell: and ye tragic end of Miller. 'Twas silence around! and the gloom of the night Conjured up to my mind, quite appalled with affright, A crew of hobgoblins and witches; When sudden, a somethink attracted my eye, For, headless and shapeless, came fluttering by The GHOST of a huge pair of BREECHES. My knees scarce supported my trembling weight, I sunk on the ground, quite resigned to my fate-- The whole frame of Hardy was shaken; My hair bristled up as the spectre advanced, While around him ten thousand blue-devils danced, And I screamed just as if they had me taken. But resuming the man, more collected I grew, And began to conjecture, the nearer I drew, 'Twas some wretch that had buried his riches. "Then tell Hardy," I cried, "thou soul freezing sprite, Why roams thy pale ghost on the wings of the night, Speak boldly, thou tremendous big Breeches!" "Then list," cried a voice, "and a tale I'll unfold, That will make thy flesh creep, and thy warm blood run cold, Of devils, Wintles, beldames, and witches! Red HOT I'm just come from the regions below;-- My name and my nature, old man, wouldst thou know? I'm the Ghost of your old pair of Breeches. "And Oh! could I tell what you must not yet know, When they hurried me down to the regions below-- Oh! the Furies! I thought they would tear me: But so filthy was I, so disfigured and worn-- So battered, so ragged, so greasy, so torn, That the devil himself would not wear me. "So in Camberwell, a poor disconsolate sprite, I am doomed to be tossed every twilight, Condemned for ten long years to wander; Until my poor figureless carcase be laid Where the Hawthorn Tower exalts its queer head, And be buried five hundred yards under. "But hark! Turner's cock his first doodle-doo has sung, And there's of nothing a drop to moisten your tongue.------" Away flew the Ghost and the Witches! With rapture I welcomed the dawn of the day, Whilst the blue-gums around whispered softly their say-- "Bad luck to that old pair of Breeches!" "Hardy! look well to thy own, for they're torn behind," Cried the Ghost, as he flew on the wings of the wind; "And I see that they're burst at the stitches." 'Twas so;--Hardy's trousers began to grow stiff, And they felt--Oh, what horrors!-- they felt just as if They would mizzle with the Ghost of t'other Breeches! Now an iciferous current refrigerated through my veins; the polar regions, with their grizzly bears and frigid snows, sur- rounded me:--again! and I was in the throes of mortal combat, drawing out the strength of all my muscular development--my right hand was raised tremblingly aloft--the wea- pon of burnished steel still held in it was reeking with what was lately the life- blood of an imperturbable villain:--again, and a superhuman effort, and there there lay pros- trate all that was earthly of the disembowelled Fitzmaurice Popham Miller. Nous verrons, Mr. Editer. I am, your grateful servant, HARDY, R.A. Four-Wheel Academy, 22nd Jan., 1867. 