"COUSIN BELL ; " OR, LOVED AT LAST. OUR summer -vacation was over ; and the Sandhurst term again in full swing, when, having accomplished the day's drill and study, Twas smoking my midnight pipe in company with Jack Cluney, puffing the forbidden ' baccy ' up the narrow chimney of our dormitory, while we related the various adventures in the way of sporting, larking, and love-making, which had befallen us since we last parted. When my story was told Jack drew a long breath ere he remarked-"Then you are as good as engaged?" I nodded, arid went on. " I suppose you've seen your cousin, and like her?" "Pretty well. She's only a school-girl, you know." " And "she likes you, of course? " "I didn't ask her- the governor and her mother will put. all that square." " By Jove ! what a cool hand you are, Harry ; and Jack looked as if he did not know whether to envy or pity me. "Still I think I'd rather pick out my own wife, though, after «ll ; I dare say you are right. They manage it your way in France, but-but I think-" "But come, no buts, Jack,'^ said I, yawning, and proceeding to knock the ashes out of my exhausted pipe. "By chaste Diana's sacred head,. I vow I shall " my cousin " weil. And so to bed. Three thousand a year is not to be sneezed at, and every fellow cannot go in for the sentimental now-a-days. I have been in love half a dozen times already, but it don't last long, and I dare say I shall fall in love with Bell some day. Good night, Jack." And so, with the stoicism of eighteen, I was soon fast asleep. I did not see Bell again until the following summer, by which time I was an ensign in Her Majesty's -th Regiment, and under orders to join the head-quarters in Canada, I had a fort- night's leave, and as the cottage my aunt had taken was within a mile of the manor, I spent most of my time with Bell. Yet when the parting came I Avas no nearer being in love than the day I met her first. The -th had only to complete its term of foreign service ; so by the time Bell had gone through a couple of seasons, I was at home again. By the death of a sister, my aunt become guardian to a little girl/Milly Byan by name, Avho, at eleven years old, Avas one of the brightest, loveliest girls I had ever seen. We Avere friends at once ; I was " cousin Hal" by adoption, and Milly Avas my champion, my second, my backer up. But though Ave rode, Avalked, and drove together, spending most of our time in each other's company, I again Avent back to my duty, and carried a Avhole heart with me. The night before my departure had come, and, someAvhat softened hythe approach- ing parting, somewhat piqued by Bell's apparent insensibility to what the increasing intelligence from India convinced every one Avould be a sharp and perhaps long struggle, I had talked more than I Avas Avont about the uncertainty of a soldier's lot. Suddenly Milly, Avho had been sitting upon the ground, jumped up and cried : " I'll be a Avoman Avhen you come back, Cousin Hal." "Aye," said I, bitterly, "If I ever, come back. But many a poor fellow Avili bite the dust before we leave India again." Bell's face grew paler, and her eyelids quivered, but she said nothing ; until, looking at Milly, Avho stood Avith her eyes dilated and her hands clasped, she said, "You are frighten- ing the child, Harry." "No, he is not," cried Milly, Avildly clenching her hands ; "he is trying to frighten you, and you Avon't be frightened, because you don't love him. I believe you would not care a bit if he was killed." Here Bell got up and walked across the room, and Milly, Avho had lost command of her voice, dashed away up stairs, and, returned no more. Put .off last Avords as you Avili, they must come ; and in the dim little drawing-room, lighted only by the wood fire, I bade good-bye to Bell, Avith something very like a pang at my heart, and a newly-awakened sensation I hardly kneAv how to account for. Going through the garden, down the Avalk by the laurels, upon whose broad glistening leaves the moonlight shone like frosted silver, I saw something Avhite standing in my path; the next instant Milly clasped her hands round my arm, crying-"Did you think I Avas a ghost, Cousin Hal?" " I believe I.did. But Avhat on earth are you doing here alone? " " Waiting for you. I Avas in such a rage I dared not stay in the room. So I pre- tended to go to bed, and came here to waylay j'ou, just to be the very last to say good-bye." " Good-bye then, Milly. Make haste and grow a Avoman, and then if Bell does not care for me I'll marry you." "Will you really? Thank you, Hal. I don't think Bell Avili care enough for you. What's that?" She started and drew closer to me, shuddering, and then looking down the Avalk I saw another figure-white and ghostlike enough in the uncertain moonlight. It Avas just turning towards the house, and even as I caught sight of it it vanished.^ " What is it, Hal?" Avhispered Milly; " do you think it Avas Bell coming to look for me ? Do come back just to the grass." iAventback Avith her and Avatched her into the house. Then I turned and j Avent on my Avay. j During the stirring months which folloAved on our arrival in Tn dial had little time for thought, still less for Avriting. Meanwhile Bell's occasional letters to me Avere kind but unloving. The Sepoys had invented a sort of diabolical machine by fastening a shell with a long'fuse into a bag of gunpoAvder ; the powder, ef course, blew up first, and they calculated that the soldiers, seeing the shell rolling about, Avould go up to have a look ; nor were they far Avrong in many cases. I knew nothing of the trick, and after the first explosion took a short cut past the shell, and came in for the brunt of it, one piece smashing my arm, another peeling my shin. I have an indistinct notion of a terrible thud-hardly pain, and yet something horrible- and then I knew nothing of it all until the effects of the chloroform, administered to facilitate the setting and dressing, going off, I was congratulated hythe doctor. "A narrow escape; an inch to the right, and Winchester had had his promotion-this paper saved your life," and he held up Bell's crumpled letter, matted together and stained Avith blood. Next day we were in LucknoAv, and the doctor, in a perfect fury of delight; was telliug* me of the wilful mistake made by the gallant ' sky-blues,' Avhen an orderly brought me my share of another mail. " You must get your heart up, Harry," said the doctor, one day, " Sir Colin thinks the air here not over good for the sick ; you must be removed carefully to Kildoosha." The doctor Avas as good as his word. I had a palanquin, on Avhich I lay as comfortable as on my bed, and Avorse pain than mine Avould have been forgotten in the excitement of moving. It Avas a glorious moonlight night, so bright that Ave could seeAvhere the bullets had peeled the plaster* off the walls, or Avhere round shot had rent the stones and mud asunder, leaving great yaAvning gaps. Morning brought renewed life to the Avounded and Avearied throng, and I shall never forget the wild delight Avith Avhich the rising sun Avas greeted. Never had there been such a November ; one had no right to be ill or Aveak. I had princely quarters, and got Avell apace. I astonished the doctor, I astonished myself, and Avhat Avas more, I astonished the colonel, who kindly offered to send me home-an offer I declined. I Avillnot say how much Bell's letter .had to do Avith my determination to remain in India ; perhaps I Avas a true soldier at heart, and having a taste for the service, had fairly enrolled myself in the soldier's lot. Any Avay I did not go home, and by the time peace was restored I Avas fit for duty, and re- joicing in my promotion. " Somebody has been telling me you are going home, Yeo," said General-, a few months after I had my company ; don't be such a fool. You've had the kicks -stay, and have the halfpence- We Avant a few fellows to stick to us ; there Avili be a regular exodus before the next hot season, and plenty of fellows retiring. You'll soon have your majority, and then may do as you like." " I'll think of it, general," said I, and Avhile thinking of it, another letter came from Bell. " By Jove ! " thought I, " I'll shoAV her I can be just as cool as she is ; I Avon't go home." And I did not.. So that very nearly six years had passed since I left England before I made up my mind to brave my fate and come home for good. The overland journey was much after the manner of overland journeys in general. One day at tea some'.one began talking of matrimony. Mrs. "Vigne, a lady who kneAv Devonshire, gave us her opinion, adding a story illustrative of her experience that set the whole table in a roar. " I am going to Lynmouth too, Mrs. Vigne," I said, " I hope you won't cut me as you did your husband." " Then you know Lynmouth ; isn't it a miserable, dead-alive sort of place ? nothing but artists, reading-parties, and High-church people to be seen. By- the-by, my sister tells me a charming story about their great heiress, a Miss Larrison ; I dare say you've heard of her-the story is just the thing for a sensational novel ; she has been engaged since she was in long clothes to a cousin, the reason being that each of them has half of what was once a Avhole estate, and there being a curse upon the place until some old rhyme is fulfilled ? the rhyme is that "Tho curso of the Yeo shall bo outrun, When Larristou'a girl weds Yeo's son. Of course they hate each other, and of course the heiress has taken to the church for consolation, and found it in the curate. My sister says she expects an elopement, and rather 'leans to the lady's side; now all my sympathies are -with, the poor man." After a week in London I went down to Lynmoutb. The groom drove over to meet me at Barnstaple ; o nd after telling me of my dear father's last days he launched off into family and county gossip ; and, as I thought, purposely avoided speaking of Bell, a reticence against which I secretly'l'rettcd, considering that thereby hung a tale. Of Milly he seemed never tired of talking, and when I reached home the same night he remarked of the housekeeper, until, determined to bring out 'something, I said : " So, the old rector has gone, too, Mrs. Clarke?" " Aye, sir, and more's the pity, for the new one don't like this place, and lives in London or elsewhere, but he keeps a curate who works like six ordinary parsons. Ile knows every man, woman, and child in the parish, what they want, and when it's the right time to give. He and Miss Bell are thick ; and if it wasn't that I knowed the truth, sir, of her and you, I'd believe Avhat the country says; but then I knows better, and more-they do say, he's just the same as a lloman priest, and could not marry." All this did not tend to increase my satisfaction, although it did awaken a terrible, and to me an unaccountable tumult in my mind. Bell was in the drawing-room, it was too dark to see her face, but her hand lay passive and cold as lead in mine as Ave stood together, Avaiting my aunt's coming. " NOAV then, Bell, light all the candles, and let us see what he is like," said Milly. Bell did light all the candles, and as the light fell upon Milly I Avas startled by the change. " HOAV you are changed, Harry !" cried Aunt Mary. And turning to answer her I saAv Bell in the full light. " If it Avas not for Milly, I could scarcely believe so many years have passed since I Avent aAvay, aunt," said I ; "Bell does not look a bit different." " My groAving days Avere over before you Avent away," said Bell, quietly ; " I cannot say you look the same ; but then climate and all that may have changed you." And so Ave fell talking again. When I got to the cottage next day the girls were out, and my aunt lying doAvn. So, sheltering myself from the sun in a summer seat covered in by Roman creepers and honey-suckle, I lay down to enjoy a cigar and make up my mind how I Avas to begin the conversation I had determined on, and Avhich Avas to decide my fate. My meditations did not last long ; Bell came up the Avalk and sat doAvn upon an iron chair facing the boAver. She looked paler than the night before, and spoke very quietly ; but there Avas something in her face that I had never seen before, and Avhich, though it made me look again and again, I could not understand. Presently Milly rushed up, panting and flushed, her hair loosened from the net, and her hat in her hand. " Oh, Hal !" she cried, leaning against one of the Avooden pillars, and speaking in a great hurry: "I have seen, your friend ; she's coming here Avith her sister, and she told me such things about you ; and so I took a short cut over'the fields, and nearly ran over your curate, Bell ; he Avas going to call at the manor." I had no gratitude or affection for Mrs.. Vigne. I remembered too Avell her story, and Milly's allusion to the curate Avas gall and Avornvwood. "So you keep a pet curate, Bell," I began ; " gossip makes wings, but you'll scarcely believe I heard of your curate, as Milly calls him, before I landed." Bell's face flushed, and then greAV deadly pale. " An old cigar is like an old love-apt to burn out, if kept long," I said. Of course it Avas an idiotic, meaningless speech. I kneAV that at once, and dare not look at Bell's face ; so I Avent on. " Apropos of nothing, Milly. Do you remember proposing to be a Avoman Avhen I came home ?" " Yes ; and have I not kept my promise ?" said Milly, with a brighter colour in her face, and her eyes turned aAvay and fixed upon the grey feather in Bell's hat. " So Avell, that I Avant to keep mine." Milly's face turned, away a little more ; but I eould see a Avicked smile hovering about the corners of her mouth. There is nothing like uncertainty to spur a man on ; and although I had not the slightest intention of giving Bell up Avithout making a fight for it, nor Avas I in love Avith Milly, yet, in spite of these things, I rushed on, until I Avas as good as in for both, and hadinot voices from the house suddenly broken in upon the silence, I scarcely know what the immediate result might not have been. As it Avas Milly pointed up the lawn, AA'here 1 saAv Mrs. Vigne, Avith a very handsome man by her side, at Avhom she Avas launching her full battery of nods and Avreathed smiles. " Bell," Avhispered Milly, " she's got your curate." Bell made no reply ; but, rising, Avent to meet the party. I sat still ; and Milly stood Avatching them with angry eyes. " You don't like the grass-widow, Milly," I whispered. " I hate her," Avas the candid answer; " and her sister too. I cannot think IIOAV men are such fools as to believe in women like those." There Avas no time for more ; Mrs. Vigne Avas upon us, and eloquent in her reproachful inuendoes as to my duplicity in not avowing myself on board the steamer: She was still talking Avhen Bell interrupted, presenting the curate, as " Mr. Calvert, my cousin Harry." Mr. Calvert's eyes met mine as Ave made our mutual bows. They Avere blue, honest eyes, hiding a depth of meaning in the clear light, and utterly incapable of concealment. " Sharp little Avoman, your Indian friend," said Calvert, Avith a queer, dry smile. " Women are utterly incomprehensible from first to' last," I said, the ugly feeling springing up. The curate stayed dinner, and I still liked, him. Then, Avhen coffee Avas over, Bell Avalked off to the moon- lit laAvn Avith Calvert, and Milly haA'ing vanished some time before, I was left to my meditations, and being idle, Satan of course kept up his character, and found me something to do in the shape of a thorough resuscitation of the jealousy Avhich had been partially lulled to sleep. " Milly," said I, getting up and standing beside her on her return. " Yes, cousin Hal !" " You knoAv all about the old engagement made for Bell and me?" " Yes, cousin Hal." " Bell does not like it, she never did, her cold letters kept me in India, I didn't care if I never came home, and when I did start, the first thing I heard Avas the truth about this felloAV Calvert, and hoAV she hated me. I did not believe it until I saAv it for myself. I see it now, so do you ; look there, Milly-look at them, Bell likes the curate's little finger better than my Avhole carcase !" "No she doesn't," cried Milly, pas- sionately, "ibut he likes her. and she goes on in her quiet, heart- less Avay till, till -" But Milly began to cry, and a neAV light broke upon me. Suddenly, checking her tears, Milly said, " You are all wrong about Bell, she does not show it as I Avould, but I believe she loves you dreadfully." My heart gaA'e a great, throb. " You don't believe me?" " No, Milly dear, it's very* kind of you telling me this ; but I am quite sure you are Avrong." Next day I found Bell in the garden alone, and, figuratively speaking, I took a header at once. I told Bell I saAv she did not love me. I told her I Avas sorry for my share in the engage- ment, and that it had been a miserable, ill-advised scheme from the first. " The long and short is, you Avould tell me. that the engagement is broken," she said, but Avithout looking at me. " If you Avish it so, Bell." " Can you doubt it?" and rising from the garden-chair she turned her face to me. It Avas fright- fully pale, and her eyes had the same expression I had seen the day before. " You are quite free, cousin Harry." " Your free- dom is more to the purpose," said I, fiercely, half-mad with love, disappointment, and jealousy. " What do you mean?" " Only Avhat you sjiy-that you are free, Bell, and that I am. sorry I have interfered so long with your happiness. Had I known the truth sooner, it might have spared me much. I was a blind, obstinate fool not to give in long ago ;. but, in spite of common sense, I hoped against hope. I thought if you did not love me yet, another year might make a difference. It was not your fault, I know. You were cold enough ; but I loved you so dearly, I-I-." "Harry! Harry!" cried Bell; "do you know what you are saying?" «. Too well," I replied, fiercely; and then, like a veritable madman, I let my tongue loose. I told her the whole story of my life, seeing it with a new knowledge myself ; how I had learnt to love her, how her coldness had crushed my love until I thought it had died out, and how the story I heard in the steamer made it all blaze forth again. Bell had been standing when I began to speak, but long before I i finished she was sitting, her face flushed and her hands ner- vously clasping and unclasping. As I finished, her eyes rose to mine, and absolutely startled me! I had never seen such lights in eyes before. Her whole expression had changed, and think- ing she might have cloaked her joy, if only for decency's sake, I turned indignantly away. The instant after a hand was upon my arm. Harry ! Harry ! come back to me. Are you blind ? Wont you see that it Avas my love, that I only feared you thought yourself bound to me, that I only wanted to let you try if you loved anyone else ?" And thus was fulfilled to the letter the old adage Tho curso of tho Yeo shall bo outrun Whoa Larristou's girl weds Yeo's son. -Abridged from Once a IVeel: 