LYSTER'S OPERA. COMPANY. Rossini's opera of "Seiniramide" waa last night performed for the benefit of Air Heffernan to a bouse crammed almoBt to suffocation. The cast waa the same as on the former occasion, viz, Seiniramide Madame Escott ; Arsaces, Miss Georgia Ilodson ; Assur, Mr Do Ilaga; ldrinns, Mr Bilker; Oroe, Mr Kitts; and Mr Sutolifl, as the Ghost of Ninus. The outline of the play consists in Seiniramide having instigated Assur to] assassinate her husband Ninus, and subsequently conceiving a violent attachment for Arsaces whom she is de sirous of marrying and elevatiug to the throne, in ignorance of the fact that ho is her own son. By one of those supernatural visitations allowable to dramatists, the Ghost of Ninus appears and reveals to Arsaces the fact of his murder, and that he, Arsaces, is his sou and Seiniramide his mother. The opera, which may he pronounced one of the author's best, abounds in beautiful though diffi cult music, and the overture is one of exceed ing beauty. It waa rendered splendidly by the orchestra, among which the flute and clarionet were conspicuously pre-eminent. The opening chorus was very effectively given, but the grand chorus and quartette, beginning " Hark 1 hark 1 strains of joy," was rendered with great purity and expression, and deserved much belter recognition than it received from the audience. In the second act the air " Oh, thought enchanting" was beautifully given by Madame Escott, and hero the flute accompaniment calls for special mention. The beautiful duet between Scmirumid* and Arsaces, " And warriors such as thou,'1 was given with great evenness of expres sion, and much better than on the former repre sentation. Madame Escott's acting throughout the whole piece was really magnificent, more especially at the cud of the second act, and re ceived a well-merited recognition, tho intense fervor of Oriental passion in her found a fitting representative. The third act was marked by the solo " Ah, my soul, thou freezest," being rendered with great taste and feeling by Mies Ilodson, and here, perhaps, her voice appeared to greater advantage than in any portion of the opera. Hut the gem of the evening was the duet, " Thou meantime thy sorrows quelling," between Arsaces and Seiniramide, which waa given in a manner that evoked well-merited ap plause, and narrowly escaped an encore. Mr Sntclifls' Ghost was above the average re presentations of disembodied spirits, and the chorus throughout was well given, and with duo attention to time, and the play closed to a highly gratified audience. At the fall of the curtain loud calls were made for Mr Ileffernan, and after repeated requests that gentleman appeared, but for some time was unable to speak ; having re ceived a little mild encouragement in the shape of a bouquet of orange peel from some facetious gentleman in the side boxes, he proceeded to thank the audience for such a large attendance, and remarked that lie felt convinced many were absent from the theatre during the early part of the engagement because they could not afford the expense, and, as " Times were not as they used to was,'' he had reduced the prices so as to bring the opera within tho reach of all classes, the consequence being he had full houses; he had made an engagement with Mr Ly3tcr for another week, and trusted to receive the Bame support in it that he had in the present. Tun Block-ship Nelson.—■The Melbourne correspondent of the O. and M. Aducrtiicr pays: —" It seems more than probable that the Nelson will not be sent out as a block-ship to us after all. The news by the last mail was that she had been placed in the dry dock, and found so defective from dry rot in her timbers that it was doubtful if the Admiralty would send her." Queensland ii likely, after all, to add its name ere long to the list of eugar-growing countries. Reporting progress iu that direction, the Brisbane Courier of the 4th instaut iay»:—"Only a week or two ago we bad to chronicle the first extensive arrival of Queensland sugar, and the fair price it obtained when submitted to the teit of competi tion." ■■ 