MALDON POLICE COURT. Friday, October 25th, 1867. (Before J. Cogdon, E<q_ P.M., and R. J. Law ' rence, Esq., J.P. P.rS.C., and M'Kenzie and CAMBRIAN GOLD JOKING COMPANY V. E. J05TES. To recover £6 5s, for calls. Mr Harcuurt for plaintiff. Mr Reynolds for defendant pleaded not indebted. J. Tate, manager of tbe company, proved the registration of the company, and tbe due publication of the consent by a majority in number and value, aud the memorial of application in the Gazette and Tarratujower Times, and that such memorial, consent and copies of the newspaper and Gazette, had been lodged with the Clerk of the Court of Mines, which he now produced, having just got the same from the Cleric of tbe Court. He also proved that the calls had been made and advertised in accordance with the rules of the company, and that defendant was a member ot the company, whose name appeared in the memorial and upon the books of the company, and that the calls sued for were now dne by defendant, he having paid the first call and given au order on hi? employer, Mr Wood, for the 2nd and 3rd, which order was dishonored. By Mr Reynolds : Defendant had not signed the deed nor the consent, but had consented by voting at the meeting, and said he would sign it if the hoard could uot get a majority without him, but not otherwise, as he did not wish to offend Mr Rees—this defendant said in the presence of half-a doz witnesses. Witness had been appointed manager by an advertised halfyearly meeting of shareholders (appointment under the seal of the company produced). Defendant was not only present when it was agreed to register the company, bnt also at the following meeting when tbe minutes were read and confirmed. Defendant had proposed a resolution at that meeting, appointing the first board of directors. Defendant had uot transferred any of his shares in the registered company. Believed that, before registration, defendant had sold half his shares in the old Co-operative Co. to Mr Fitzgerald. Defendant still held the number of shares he held when the company was registered. Mr Reynolds called defendant who said he bad sold half his interest to Mr Fitzgerald. Held a twelfth share in the old company, and sold half of that. Had always refused to sign the consent, and had never mentioned the name of Mr Rees. By Mr Harcourt: Didn't know whether he had paid any calls in the registered compiDy (seeing Mr Tate producing block of receipt), at leasts if Mr Tate could show different, he (Witness was cautioned by the Bench and contented himself witn geuerally professing to know nothing). Mr Harcourt pointed ont that after selling to Mr Fitzgerald, defenlant owned to having a 24th of the wimle company, lie present company was in 6000 shares, and defendant held one 24th, or 250 shares. Mr Reynolds submitted that the case must fall through, as his client had not signed the consent. He also objected to the appointment of the manager, as the signature tif the chairman of the meeting had nnt been proved, 'and he further objecte i that Mr Tate had produced the memorial, consent, G-nette, and newspaper instead of the Clerk of the Juurt. ' The Bench said, supposing even defendant had not consented, he was bound by the majority. The gentlemau who signed Mr Tate's appointment might have saved himself the trouble, as it was only necessary that it should be wuer the seil of tbe company. [The other objection tbe Bench did not deem worthy of notice.] Verdict for the amount aiid 25s costs. STEVENS AND WHECFOBD V PIONEER CO. ThtB w*s a summons under the - Masters' and Servants Act for wages, and Mr Reynolds declined to goon, an no sworn Information bad been laid. Mr Harcourt, for defendant, offered to waive «ll technical objections, and let tbe case be decided upon its merits, as plaintiffs tad not the ghost of casei - -. Mr Reynolds was about to consent to Hie summons bring amended to "work and labor duue," bnt upon secr rid thought declined might prejudice tbe interest of liis tlie^.t* Case struck out, the Bench saying there wsa ^ . saying there wyj no power to give costs, as there wis cotfcim, hfifnrs tripm ™ 