FREE CHURCH, LETHBRIDGE. ANNUAL MEETING AND iECTUEE. The annual meeting of the Lcthbridge Free Presbyterian Church was held on Thursday evening, the 13th instant, at 7.30 p.m.—Bev P. MacPherson in the chair. Alter devotional exercises, tho chairman proceeded with a review of the more recent phases of the assertion or otherwise of tho claim of Christ as King over the nations, and head of the Church. He said it was awkward to open the' blue book of this colony and find tiiat the public treasury was open to Unitarians, who denied the divinity of Christ and the personality of the Holy Ghost, as well as to a much larger system which had well nigh superseded the worship of Christ, by that of the Virgin ! Mary and hosts of scrubby saints and angels. But the question affected churches as well as governments. It wa3 a very special duty of the Church to make pro minent, to assist, vindicate, and maintain Christ's claims as King of nations and head of the Church. Ho revied the position of the Presbyterian Church in Scotland, and found these claims surrendered by the Erastian Establishment on the one side—as to the United Presbyterian Church on the other, it was impossible to look over the numerous speeches delivered in connection with them for some years back | without noticing that it was tho most rampant voluntaryism that | brought down thunders of applause. There were a few men of good, judgment and learning among them, and who quite palpably did not hold the mild voluntary views that were so popular. By volun taryism he meant that system which divorced the civil magistrate from having | anything to do with religion. The Free Church was abandoning her maternal position and claims by making extensive arrangements for a Union with theU. P. Church. In this colony the Presbyterian Church had received numbers by starting on such a level as admitted both Erastians and voluntaries of all shades and grades. "Whatever glory attached to the disruption I of 1813 the Presbyterian Church claimed J none of it. Mr Hetherington had taken good care there should be no protests against unfaithful churches hero. Con sidering the seculority in which tho colony was immersed it required sharp and de cisive proof that men believed in any principles at all. He believed that the late Bev James Forbes had given such proof. At the call of duty, as an act of homage to Christ as head of his church, Mr Forbes had surrendered, church property in Collins street, Melbourne, now held by Mr Hetherington, valued at iHOOO. This Mr 'Forbes declared was the richest prize obtained by the Moderates the Southern Hemisphere. The lecturer I expressed his belief that in after times the name of Mr Forbes would shine as a lone bright star in the early | history of Presbyterianism in this colony. The lecturer then referred to the Deelara- | tory Act lately passed by tho Presbyterian Church. But what did it declare? Nothing I against the sin of Erastianism in surrender- | ing the claims of Christ to rule in his own, house. Also it had done nothing to arrest tbili-e claims in regard to governments, and how governments could show homage to j Christ. These were the very questions i necessarily blinked, in order to keep the , peace. Yet he believed they were the para mount questions of these latter days, and must be solved in due time. He explained how, under the disclaimer about persecuting doctrines, there was a door opened for the mildest voluntaryism in direct opposition to the real doctrines of the "Westminster Standard. No doubt persecution is inad missible. The parable of the "Wheat I and the Tares had established the great principle of toleration, slow as the world has been to take it up. After the J Beformation from Popery the National Covenant of 15S0 containod persecuting elements. There were much more masked I in the Solemn League of Covenant. In the year lG-tS, in which that covenant was re newed, there was an edict passed by the Long Parliament condemning Unitarians to death without benefit of clergy. This attempt to extirpate the tares was perse cution, and at variance with the spirit of the parable referred to. Charles II bad swallowed both the covenants, whereby he bound himself to endeavour to renew the extirpation of Popery, prelacy, indepen- ! dency, Ac. Failing in this he changed his views as to the trial of the tares, and tried to extirpate the Presbyterians in one of the bloodiest persecutions on record. It was' most instructive to find independency under ban in those days. Such men as Oiver and Goodwin, the " atlases of Indepe'ndency," and many others,would have been subjected to a systematic, legal course of haras sing and persecuting treatment. It was the singular fact that while the solemn league and covenant and more relative documents were so full of persecu tion, the Westminster Standard under the Confession of Faith and Catechism were entirely free of them. Still, the historical associations cast 4 shadow on these stand ards to this day. But, if it was persecu tion to hang and burn Papists and Unita rians in the 16tli and 17th century it was simply going into the opposite extreme to foster and encourage and cherish them now. The lecture being concluded, tho annual business was transacted. Tho following were appointed Managers in 1867:—Bev P. M'Pherson, Messrs A. M'Pherson; and Bevs D. Morrison, D. Hamilton, and Mr Goughy. Mr Allnu M'Pherson announced that he was leaving the district, and going to settle near Stony Bises.. "Votes of thanks were accorded to tho ! lecturer, and to Mr Allan M'Pherson, for his valuable services as collector. Closed with Benediction. 