To the Editor of the Guardian. Sir.—There are So few amusements to be bad in Sale tbat we nre thankful to any cne or any party wbo tnay givo us the opportunity to enjoy an enter tainment of any kind. Since the Amateur Dramatic Club gave their fitst performance nearly a year ago, wo have had many entertainments of a similar nature, reflecting more or less credit to tlio ladies s.nd gentlemon taking part in them. The pieces have been for the most part judiciously selected, but I am sorry tbat I cannot congratulate the club upon their last attempt. With so small a Btage as our amateurs possess and with so Ic-w mem bers and others connecttd with the c'ub, it was little short of madnnss to attempt to put such a play as "Robert Macaire " before the public. Tbe real worth of tbe play itself is a mere cipher, the plot is utterly devoid of meaning or common sense, consequently the whole success depends on acting, bye-play, stage effeots and crowds of nuxilliaries. These I need hardly say were wanting in the performances of Inst week, and in consequence the whole pieco fell fiat and tame. But this was only one of a series of mis takes. As an interlude, ambitious to shine in the higher walks of stage liter ature, and being confident in their own minds of their ability to show the people of Sale that tafent is not con fined to Montgomery or Anderson, they treated us to u selection f.-om Hamlet, Of all the plays in existence to select Ilamlet ! This then was tbe second and most glaring error. The act selected was the one in which the ghost of Hamlet's father urges Hamlet to avenge his wrongs. As a well wisher to the club, and as oco who 1ms, seen many first-rate actors, I would strongly mlvise them to content them selves with something that they can manago with credit to themselves, or if thay must enlighten the Gippslanders with Shakespearean selections, to look out for some one who would not murder the beautiful language of the Poet, nnd at the same time murder the Queen's English. For the edification 'of the gentlpman who " essayed" the part of Hamlet, I would hint to him thnt " heaven " is not prohonnced «' oaven," nor is " Hamlet" pronounced "Amlet." The farce was old and extfavagant both in diess and noting. The performances in June last were pronounced by most people a failure and to some extent I agree in that opinion, but I must say, find I soy it for (he good of the club, that the attempt .-it amusement of last week was a most decided failure and a mis take from beginning to end. I really do hope that the members of the club will take the advice of many of their fi'iends, arid "look lefore they leaf)" next time they present theroselve, to the public. Anolocisiner for occunvina: so much of 3'our valuable space,— -3 arrr, vox. [We do not coincide with the opinions of our correspondent. Our criticism lias appeared elsewhore. -Ed. G. O.} Tho slaughter of ilie'innocents lifts already commenced. The Fees of Courts Bill was discharged on Wed ' nei-day from the ndtice-paper, and tho Abbatoirs Bill a'fad Municipalities Act Amendment Bill would have gone tile same way btit for tbe eflrw'st endeavors of members of tbe Opposition, who pro tested against t\vu such important mea sures being lost; and said that, had it not been for tbe favour shown Mr G. ' P. Smith, in giving his Publ'ir-house Bill precedence, they might have been passed ero this. TheGovtrnment, afier somo little discussion, agreed to go on with tbe bills in question on tbo follow ing' evening1, and 6aid tliey bo|)ed mem bers would, for ft night or two, consent to sit a Tutlo later to dispose of them. It is highly important tbkt the^e measures should become law without further delay, and as there is now a pressure of business it is to bo hoped that no moro time will lie wasted over tbe abortion of the bun. member "for South Boiirke. A Beechvs orth paper lately reported that the floor of tbe Wesloyan Chapel had suffered very much from the attack's of white ants. It now appears that' these destructive insects have eaten the floor of the bavristeis' room at the New Court-house to such an extent that some of the boards of the floor would give way direclly if stepped on, and of some of tbe skirting-boards nothing is left but the paint. It is said that the bpst means of guarding against the attacks of tbase ants is to provide for ventilaticn beneath the floor. A question which has been much dis cussed in Victoria of late (viz., pay ment of member?) has been settled by the Legislature of. New Zealand at n much cboiper rate than was done in the Legislative Assembly of Victoria. Tbo scu e o? payment decided upon in New Zealand is as follows : Members resid ing over two miles from Christ-church to reccive 5s per sitting day on which I tboy are in attendance; over five miles I 7s Cd per day ; over ten miles £1 per 'day; with an additional allowance of 1 £3 per week in tbe case of members re.-iding over fifty miles from Ghrist chuich, tho latter also having their travelling expenses paid otico each way. The bill for vesting in ITer Majesty | and tbe Borough .Council of East : Co^lingwood tbo piece of land situate in Smith-street, East Collingwood, on which it is proposed tOerect a mechanics' institute and Government offices, Was pnssud through ita remaining stages on Wednesday, and transmitted to the Legislative Council. Tbe only oppo sition to the hill was offered by Mr M'Kean ; and it was plainly stated by several hon. members that this oppo sition was tbo result of a desiro to win popularity, in order to ensure bis—Mr M'Kean's—elevatidn to tbe mayoralty of Fitzroy. Mr Watkins gave tl\G hon. member rather a hard bit. He said " he had been tho occasion of scenes in tho council, and scenes before tbo bench, and he now wished to be the occasion of scenes on the bench." Of course the hon. member denied tho im putation, but it seemed to bo both be lieved and enjoyed by the House. I Mr Burstall, who went to England in 18G3 to endeavor to form a company ; to place large and powerful steamships I on tho route from England to this i country, via tho Cape, and \vho re | turned by the steamship Great Britian, has submitted to tbo promotois of the company in Melbourne a report of his labours in London. It states that he has been unable to form tho company, in consequence of the money crises which lind succeeded each other, and other causes; but tbat Messrs Randolph, Elder, and Co , tho well-known ship builder s of Glasgow, bad offered to 1 build a vessel cupable of making the voyago from Plymouth to Melbourne in forty-six days, carrying coal for the voyage, 400 passengers, and a thousand tons of measurement goods. Tho vessel would cost about £95,000, and her j builders would take one-fifth of her cost ! in shares. There seems to be no dif ficulty in obtaining the necessaty capital if a fixed subsidy por voyage; is guarantoed by the Government. £11,000, but a much lnrger increase may be reasonably looked for from the increased facilities of communication",1 and the fact of the letters and papers beirg carriod at the lower 'ratil. In additiou to this the Government would have a number of cheap passages by the best and most attractive conveyance at their disposal. Tbe colony would fur ther have all tho advantages of the increased traffic, and tho question of Melbourne being tho centre of tho colonial passenger traffic would be settled without any further question. Tho Daylesford Mercury records tho following plea for not going t6 a new rush: Yesterday, Bragg and party, mining nt Table-hill, hud tho handsome return of 113o« of gold fiom a we.-k's sluicing. 