PUBLIC EDUCATION. Last week we inserted a letter from the Rev. P. F. O'Farrell, proving the unsuitability for Ca tholic children, of some of the school-books sanc tioned by the Council of Education. An autho ritative answer was given to the arguments by an announcement that the book from which the most objectionable extracts were made, was not to be used in the schools. We have made iuquiry, and found that such is the fact, and hence the' book being enumerated by Mr. Wilkins, Secretai-y to the Council, in the requirements of the stan dard of uroliciency must have arisen from a mis take. Father. O'Farrell returns to the charge in the following letter, and points out some very serious objections even in the books which are admittedly used : — (7o the Editor of the Herald. ) StR, — Whilst accepting the explanation of Mr. Wilkins, however laboured it may appear, with regard to the Sixth Book of 'Constable's Ser ies,' yet 1 cannot help remarking, iv the first place, that the document which he has placed before the public is dated the 25th of May, whilst the 'Standard of Proficiency' was nob issued from the Press- until three months after. How comes it that during that time no other book was substituted ? How comes it that the pupils were made to walk over the same ground, advancing in everything else they re mained stationary in the reading department. I cannot help thinking, secondly, ? that when an official of position conies before the public and ostentatiously takes the blame from the shoulders of the Council and places it upon his own, 1 can not help surmising that there may be some little arrangement in the back ground which the unini tiated are not. given to see. However, accepting . his explanation, comes the important query, why has the 6th book been disallowed? The Council had not at that' time arrived at the sublime position of 'full conti-' dence' in their inspectors, whom they appointed to draw up the 'standard,' and notwithstanding the genius of Jones and , the literary sensi bility of the other gentlemen, they had the harshn-33s to 'disallow' the 6th Book. Now, why was this book disallowed ? — why was this book flung back to Jones ? There is no possible conclusion to be arrived at, but that it was re jected on accouut of its open bigotry, its undis guised nate, its. unsnitableness, to the Catholic child. Then the 6th Book is unsuitable, and the 5th is not. Well, of the four passages quoted In my last letter, the worst of all, the most insulting, was -from the 5bh Book. I did not trouble myself at that time to look for any more ; 1 thought I had gob enough for the public to judge of thu spirit which actuates this Coun cil towards the Catholic body, and I shut up ' Constable' in disgust. However, here is ano ther ' morceau' from the oih Book ; it is taken from a lesson called 'The Battle of the League' : — And then we thought on vengeance, And all along our van — Remember St. Bartholomew Was1 pass' d from man to man. I In another place the 'Pilgrim's Progress' is recommended to tis for perusal 'on the .Sabbath.' I cannot help thinking, Sir, that if^ in the beginning, I had given these passages from the 5th Book, suppressing those from the 6th that it only would be disallowed by the subtle machinery of the Council. Now, I ask, why was the 6th Book rejected and the 5th re tained ? Was iu from ignorance of its contents? If so, are these gentlemen fit for the responsible and delicate position they occupy ? And, it not ignorance, then I call on the public to say what is their opinion of men who could unblush ingly offer that book to a Catholic child. Sir, before proceeding in this matter of the books, allow me to remark to you and the pub lic that it is not hi any hope that the Council may again alter ' the standard,' and thus wound ''-?' the feelings of the gentle Jones, ' et hoc genue ?; omne' — it is not in any hope that they may .'£ endeavour to supply us with books whose text ' may be unobjectionable. No j as long as they deny to us the right of choosing our own books for our own Catholic Denominational schools — a right which was almost implied in the ' Act' — so long shall we protest — so long shall we remain discontented. I come now reluctantly, I must confess, to the late incoherent effusion of the Rev. Mr. Barry. In speaking of the Scripture lessons now in use in the Public schools, I said, ' what we do object to is the reading by Catho lic children of the Protestant- — or as it is called the authorised version » f the Scriptures which ia found in these lessons.' What is the reply of Mr. Barry .to this ? 'It is not .the authorised version of the Scriptures that is used in the ' Scripture lessons.' I quote for him now from the preface to the first of these books : it says, ' The translation has been made by a comparison of the authorised and Douay version with the .original. The language sometimes ef one sometimes of the other has been adopted,' so that it is plain that the authorised version of the Scripture is found, in their lessons. In fact in many parts whole chapters are taken from the Protestant version, c. g., the 15th and 16th chapter of the 'Acts of the Apostles.' Now not only the children of our Cliurch, but all the members thereof are forbidden to use for religious pur poses any editions of the Scriptures, except those which have received the sanction either explicit or implicit of their respective bishops who &ce; placed as these Scriptures declare by the -' Holy Ghost to rule the Ohurch of God.' Now the placing of the Protestant version of Scripture or any portions of it, in the hands of a Catholic ?? child is without doubt an -invitation to that child, as far as his mind can grasp it, to rebel against the authority placed over him. to with draw himself from the ruler whom the 'Holy Ghost has given him.' Let no one contemn the observant powers of the mind of an intelligent child. It is more logical, more acute, more comprehensive than many imagine. It draws conclusions imperceptibly but, truly, and, like the African desert, sucks in — according to cir cumstances — the gentle sweet rain or the poisonous noxious vapour. 'But the audacity of Mr. Barry's next assertion, calls, indeed, for a large amount of forbearance, in order that I may not be induced by my feel ings to stigmatise him as a malicious perverter of the known truth. Speaking of these lessons, he says, 'Tiie Douay version is used even in some cases where the preference makes a point against the Protestant, e. g.. Gen. iii., ' She shall crush, thy head' ' This is a text that is very impor tant with us, inasmuch as it is applied to the Immaculate Mary, who, by bringing forth the Saviour of the World, truly crushed the head of the serpent ; and hence, in the Douay version, the text is, as he says, ' ?' -sAe,' &c.; But what am E to think of Mr. Barry's ' candour and truth ?' The book is now lying open before me, and I read there plaiuly and legibly the Protestant translation - ''it shall crush thy head.'' It is true the 'Douay note is given at the foot ; but I speak of the text of the lesson. It is the authorised version. The Rev. gentleman calls upon me to specify some texts from the Protestant Scriptures used in 'the book of the National series. In the lesson, from tho third book called the ' Reign of Solo mon,' the 27th, 28th, 29fch, and 30th verses from the 3rd Book of Kings are quoted from the authorised version. There are numerous other ? texts sprinkled all through the books which it would^ be tedious for me to mention. The or thography of the proper names is for the most part Protestant. In short if- there were no other grave reason than the anti-Catholic tone pervading these productions, it would be more than sufficient in, the opinion of any unprejudiced man to give us. just and serious cause of com- ? plaint. , ? ?But, Sir,- apart from -the grave reasons men tioned in my former' letter, a-art from the ill concealed hostility of their tone, apart from their mishapen aud indefinite moral teaching, apart from the character of their author who has been strongly suspected from his writings of dis belief in the Trinity and Incarnation, aud who has lately been shown in aa almost hypocritical light, apart from these weighty reasons we have serious objections to the very text in these books. I- admit, that they are so skilfully put together, having been -drawn up to anwser a purpose, that it is not apparent at lirst sight how subtle is the poison, how dangerous the keen pen of the author drawn, out, not as Dr. Whately would have us believe, from- the wing of the dove, but from the dank plumage of some bird of prey. ? ? 'We fairly conclude,' writes Mr. Barry, ' that since- no passage has been selected from the 'National books' to which exception can be made, none therefore exists sufficiently patent for detection, even to t;ie keen eyes which searched.' 1\. In the second book of the series there is this passage, very beautiful; very simple, and on this account very, very dangerous :' — 'Many kingdoms and countries full of people and islands, and large continents, and different climates, make up this whole world. The peo ple swarm on the face of it like ants upon a hil 3ock. Some are black with the hot sun ; some cover themselves with furs against the sharp cold ; some drink of the fruit of the vine, some of the pleasant milk of the cocoanut, and others quench their thirst from the running stream. All are God's family. He knqwetb every one of 1 them, as a shepherd hnoioeth his UocTc, they pray to Him in different languages, but He hearetk % tkemall.' We almost imagine we hear the soft coo of the dove ; but it is not so, it is the shrill discordant i ' ' ? scream of the vulture. It is the concealed in 1 ,- ? culcation of a universal religion. The very simile which the Redeemer himself used to de note the members of His church, viz., that of the shepherd and his flock, is here extended to all Churches and modes of worship. The natu ral impression it is calculated to make on the mind of a child is that all religions are equal. 'For he heareth them ail.' Knowing as we do that the author of this passage is strongly sus pected as to his belief m the Incarnation, we may give to his latent idea a very wide range indeed; the idelatrous Hindoo, 'blackened with the hot sun ;' the heretical Russian Church wrapping itself in furs; the Red Indian, ' 'quenching his thirst at the stream,' all are equally acceptable as the children of the one fold over which the shepherd presides. In the fourth book of the series, the same idea is narrowed down. Speaking of the inhabitants of Great Britain and Ireland, we find the following pas sage:— 'The people of these islands have one and the same language, one and the same Queen, .the same laws, ' and though they differ in their re ligious worship they all serve the same God.'' What idea is this calculated to make on a child. It is this : 'We differ, it is true, in many things, but they are not essential — the great point is that we serve the same God, advancing by differ ent roads to that paternal home where all shall 1 meet. These ideas are calculated to unhinge the , ? very framework of society— to throw everthing into chaos and confusion, and to cast the reins 1 - loose on the neck of that fierce and restless steed the human mind. 2.. There is a lesson called the 'Christian Salvation.' The whole of it is a concealed ad vocacy of the, to us, repulsive doctrine of ' Faith without works.' 'Salvation implies deliverance^ from guilt. The law denounces a penalty against those who break it. But from this penalty there is deliver ance provided. Christ has expiated guilt ; and ' to those who are in him there is now no con demnation.' 2 heir sins are forgiven,' Observe ' . that the passage does not allude to original but to actual sin, for ' the law denounces a penalty against those who break it.' This passage is entirely opposed to the Catholic doctrine of the forgiveness of sin, which we hold to come cer tainly from Christ, bub in a mode which he him self has pointed ont. Sir, there is no lessoa in the ' disallowed' 6th Book of ConstahleVSeries at all so dangerous, so objectionable as this. One is the open robber that scorns disguise, the other the lurking assassin — stealthy, creeping, deadly. 3\. Again, the doctrine which we hold with rejj* gard to the veneration paid to the image 6i ' , . Christ and his Saints is carefully attacked in the lesson called the 'Journey of the Israelites.' .'...' Here it is made to appear that the image for worshipping which the Israelites were so fear ' fully punished, was an image of the true God, . ', and not a Pagan divinity. It is almost incredi , ? ble, but here is the passage : — ? 'Already, even whilst Moses was receiving i , the commands of the Most High on the moun tain, the faithless people, indignant at his ab ? sence, had prevailed on Aaron to make them a graven image — intending probably to represent the . true God — to carry before them, and he consented, ? ' : and made them a graven image, and said, 'These be thy Gods, oh, Israel, which brought thee out of the laud of Egypt.'' In a note, to make the matter clearer to the children, it explains the term Gods, 'meaning thy great God.' Now after this how can we point to a crucifix, .and say to our people, ' behold the God that rodeemeth you,' without being as guilty as the Jews 1 But '- ' ? - the real state of the case is, this graven image is i called in the Scripture a ' calf.' According to ? St. Ambrose, Lacfcautius, and a host of great -authorities, it was a human figure with the head of an ox ; and hence its name of the Golden Calf. It was intended to represent the Pagan divinities, Astarte, Osiris, or Serapis, each of whom was thus represented. Sir, it would be tedious to proceed further with these books. They have a hero and a hero ine, John Punds and Catherine of Liverpool — who are both evidently stanch Protestants — held up as models to Catholic children. There are sly hits at Rome — 'the country round which was once cheerful and highly cultivated, bnt is now i quite a desert.' The Apostles to whose names ! we reverently prefix the title of Saint or Holy, /,.; are called, like Tom or Harry, Peter, Paul John, &c.; ; in a word, these books are highly unsuit- , . able, hostile, and antagonistic to us, and if j forced to accept them, it can only be.' regarded as i ' a refined kiud of persecution, and a violation 1 of our religious opinions. Sir, 1 have done for the present with , these books. By-and-bye I shall call your attention to other publications made im portant UBe of by the Council, not that we hope for redress from these distinguished gentlemen or their illustrious President, but from the country, which, £ have no fear, will right us in its own good time. We ask nothing that we are not willing to give to others. We are ready to give any and every guarantee of noniuterfer ence with others. Leave us our own Catholic children to educate in the faith of their futhers. It is all we require- it is all we ask. ^ 1 have done, also, with the truthful and candid Mr. Barry. I consign him to the oblivion from ?which— in this matter — he should never have ?emerged, for he is, according to the poet- - ' One of that stubborn sort, Who, if they once grow fond of an opinion, They call it honour, honesty, and faith, And sooner part with life than let it, go.' PATRICK FRANCIS O'FARRELL. St. Mary'si 