RELIGIOUS MEMORANDA. ON Ascension Day, Thursday, the 30th May, there was a full Caihedral Service at Trinity Cl.urcb. It is our largest 1'rotestant- Church here. There was not a very full congregation. Bishop Bromby preached froin the last five verses of 24th I hapter of St. Luke. THE rite of confirmation was administered on the 31st May, at St John's, Upper Goulbourn-street, by the Lord Bishop of Tasmania, to thirty-two postulants,— twenty-two being lemales, and ten males. The Revs Gellibrand, Bromby, and Brammall assisted at the service. The H hop delivered a most eloquent address to tlie newly confirmed, trom the 8th verse of 1st chapter of the Acts of the Apostles, " But ye shall receive power ofier the Holy Ghost is come upon you, and ye shall be witnesses unto me." The Church was densely crowded. A DEPUTATION consisting of the Rev W. C. Robinson, the Rev G. Clarke, and Mebsrs Fisher, Purkiis, J. W. Arnold, G. Arnold, Andrews, "J. E. Salier, J. Facey, Hopkins, Hinsby, Shoobridge, and Murray, waited upon the Government on the 30th of ft'ay. The Kev G-. Clarke stated the object the deputation had in view—He said they represented a large number of the constiiuency of Hobart Town who were opposed to aid being given to sevetal churches from the revenue of the colony. Their present object v^fi io ask the government, whether the fjTj'ct was likely to be brought forward during the appioaching »e«sion of Parliament. They wiched to be understood, so far a9 they were concerned, that in any measure brought forward the rights of persons mentioned in the schedule, should in no way be interfered with- They were anxious, however, to learn whether there was any prospect at all of the question being settled by a termination of tlie prantin-aid to churches. The} wished to know whether the Government contemplated any measure by which this would be brought about. They wished to know whether it was their intention to let the grant-in-aid die out with the present incumbents. The deputation was most courteously received, and the Colonial Secretary said " The government could not go beyond the intention of the British Government, and therefore vested rights could not be touched. So far, that ques tion was settled. In answer to the second question he would inform them, the government had no intention of bringing forward any measure on subject at pre sent. There was no public agitation oh the matter, and the depuiati-n! mn-tbe sensible 1 it was one on which tl j confliclin opinions." THE Cathedral Committee have determined that the site jfor the new building will be parallel with the old church on its north side, and as close to it as possible, with the west end at no great distance back from Murray-street. This conclusion was arrived at unanimously, after very careful consideration and measurement. As a consequence of it, the Nave, Aisles, and Transepts must be first built, and the erection of the Chancel and Tower (except perhaps a portion of the Chancel) deferred to a future day. • ON Sunday, the 2nd June, at the Independent Cbapel, Brisbane-street, the Rev W. C. Robinson preached an eloquent and touching sermon on the occasion of the death of Mrs. Davis, who for many years had been a consistent member of his congregation. THE monthly meeting of the St Mary's Cathedral Committee was held at St Joseph's School-room on Sunday evening, 2nd June, after vespers, the Veiy Rev W. J. Dunne. Vicar-General, in the chair. Upwards of L12 were handed to the Treasurer by the collectors. The Vicar- General, whose health had been impaired by his late serious accidectbut ii now much improving, remarked upon the smallness of the attendance, and trusted that there would be a larger assembly at the next meeting. Up to the present date the Cathedral Committee have collected above L150, but without doubt that amount will be considerably increa»ed ere the second quarterly meeting which is to be held on the 1st July proximo. The fund now collecting is to finish the handsome Cathedral, on which L20,000 has already been expended. EriiiBTs are being made to gather funds for ibe erection of a new Protestant parish church at Glenorchy. ON Sunday evening the 9th .Tune, at the Baptist's Chapel, in Harrington-street, a young lady of the name of Kent was immersed by Mr Allen, who before the ceiemony delivered a very clear exposition of the views entertained by the Baptist?, in relation to the baptism of believers in Christ, and who he stated were the only persons baptised by the Apostlej and primitive Christians. ON Saturday evening the 8th June, the Jewish Feast of Pentecost was observed by our citizens of that persuasion. The following day, Sunday the 9 th, the R,ev Mr Goldreich delivered a most interesting sermon from the 32nd verse of the 22nd Chapter of the 3rd book of Moses (Leviticus,) to a large congregation, includin? a large number of the christian friends of the congregation. THE Sacrament of the first communion, synonymous with the Anglican rite of Confirmation, was administered by the Right Rev the Lord Bisboo of Hobart Town, in St Mary's Cathedral on Sunday morning the 9th June, to 80 postulants, the g-eater number of whom were females. A very large congregation were present to witness the service,which was accompanied by all the solemn ceremonial of the Catholic Churnh. His Lord«hip was assisted by the Very Rev the Vicar-General, and the Rev Father Beechinor. The female postulants were robed as brides, in spotless white, and wor^ long white veils The numbers were, 20 (all females') from St Mary's, 28 females and 8 males from St Joseph's, and 48 from other Catholic Churches Out of this number only 15 were adults. AN ordination service took place oii Tuesday morning the 11th June, at St John's Church, Goulbourn-street" The Right Rev Bishop Bromby, preceded by his chaplain bearing the pastoral staff, and several of the clergy of Hobart Town, entered the chancel at 11 o'clock. .Morning prayer then commenced, the Rev J. T. Gellibrand and the Rev H B. Bromby officiating, and the Revs Dr Parsons and G. Banks Smith reading the appointed lessons. The choir sang the canticles and hymns. Mr R. Jhonson presiding at the organ. An earnest and emphatic sermon was preached by the Rev J. 1'. Gellibrand, upon the words of the Gospel " I am come that ye might have life;" after which the Rev F. H. Cox presented the candidate for Deacon's orders, (Mr C. J. Brammall) to u- ,. - u , i the Bishop ceitifying to his belief m his ; fitness. 1 be solemn service of ordination | then proceeded, and after the prescribed queeti ns and replies, the Bishop gave the imposition of hands, —-i and ill- newly-or- >-- — i Cained Deacon being rece-.ved within the altar rans read the appointed gospel. The congregation of St John s were present m ; large numbers, and manifested deep in- ! terest m the proceeding. In addition to the clergymen mentioned above, the Revs L.l-reeman and J H. braales also occu- ! pied places m the chancel j loixECTiofrs were made on Whitsunday, in several of the English churches on behalt of the mission conducted by Bishop Patteson among the islands of the ISew Hebrides, &c;, known as the llilanesian Mission We understand that about L13 was collected at St David's Cathedral, and about L10 at St John's. The children , ofthe Sunday Schools are also showing their interest m the matter. | ON Thursday evening, (Thursday in Whitsuntide), the rite of Confirmation was administered by the Lord Bishop ol Tasmania at St David's Cathedral. The candidates were 76, consisting of 37 males, mostly youths, but including 7 soldiers ofthe 2- 14th Regiment, who had been prepared tor Confirmation by the Rev H. B. liromby—and 39 females. Of this large number of candidate?, 74 (being equal as regards sexes—37 males and 37 females) belonged to the congregation of St David'e. Two females were from New Norfolk, and their pastor, the Rev W. W. Murray, assisted at the Confirmation. The preparation of such a number of candidates hiad necessarily entailed a very considerable amount of anxiety, both on the incumbent—the Rev. F. H. Cox—and the Rev H. B. Bromby, who, together, for the previoas five or six weeks hid been most assiduous. In no previous instance have we seen such a number of jouths approach the Altar to receive the holy rite. At seven o'clock, the Bishop and the assisting clergymen entered the church by the principal entrance, in procession, the Rev F. H. Cox, the incumbent of St David's, leading, then the Revs Gellibrand, Buckland, Smales, Murray (of New Norfolk), and H. B. Bromby, who bore the Pastoral Crook, as Bishop's chaplain; Bishop Bromby following. There was a full choir, and Mr F. A. Packer presided at the organ. The sermon after the Confirmation was delivered by Bishop Bromby, from the 4lh chapter oi St Paul to the liphesians, 30th verse. The churcfe was crowded in every part. 