GRANTFORD GRANGE. BY MARY KYLE DALLAS. CHAPTER XVI. THE TRIAL. THIS will Mrs. Peyton had absolutely learnt by heart. She could have detected the slightest alteration in either letter or spirit and she knew that, little Otho Grantford being out of the way, her only son was the legal heir. Where he was she did not know. His silence and mysterious absence rendered her uneasy ; but not in any very great degree. She felt sure that, wherever he was, the news of what had happened at the Grange would soon reach him, and, meanwhile, she was on the spot to oppose the claim of her sister Rose's boy, Richard Osprey, by the declaration that her son was in existence For Dick had come openly to the neighbourhood at last, and, with his friend Simeon Blix forever at his side, was hourly seen and pointed out as the future heir of the Grantford property by those who knew of his relationship. The mother was not idle in her son's interest. She had already visited the legal gentleman who attended to the Grantford interests and made her statement of facts and though the heir was not on the spot and the proofs of his identity were in his own possession, wherever he might be, the only consequence of his absence would be a postponement of the settlement of affairs, and all must be right at last. So argued Mrs. Peyton, and set herself to work to be as comfortable as possible in the meanwhile. Borrowing some funds from the kind old people with whom she now tarried, she provided herself with handsome mourning goods and began with a zeal quite indescribable to "go into black for poor door little Otho." A dressmaker was closeted with her in secret council, and Deb. stitched as though her life depended on it. But dressmakers will disap- point patrons occasionally, and milliners are prone to put off delivery of bandboxes until their customers are wrought to a pitch of frenzy, and Mrs. Beatrice suffered at the hands of these operatives as others have suffered. Consequently her grand plan of appearing sentimentally in the most becoming weeds as chief mourner of her little nephew, was put off from time to time until the brief trial drew close to its end. The last day had indeed arrived when Mrs. Peyton turned herself around before her glass, shook out the folds of a black bordered kerchief, shook back her veil and said to Deb. : "How do I look now ? Do you think black becoming ?" "Lor, now, don't Missus look harnsome !" cried the over reedy Deb. "Mos' explended ! Nebber did see such a glossy black ! Jes' as ef she was going to a funeral now, so mighty fine and sorry." Mrs. Peyton smiled. "You may have the old brown dress," she said "I shan't wear it again. And now run and tell Mrs. Helmstone I'm going to go to court with her to-day. It is time I appeared there." But Mrs. Helmstone was not to be found, and Deb. shuffled back to inform "Missus" that the old couple had already left the house. In fact, their anxiety had been too great to permit them to await the completion of Mrs. Peyton's elaborate toilette, and they were even as she spoke, listening with attentive cars to the last of the witnesses examined. No one but an old woman who had seen the child and his tutor together on the day of the fateful excursion to the lake shore. They listened with sad hearts and anxious faces—the only friends the unhappy prisoner had in the whole court room, for the evidence had been strong against him since old Ebon Oats arose in the witness box. Geraldine Osprey was not present. She dreaded the event too much, and kind Miss Henderson remained at home with her. But her brother was there, slunk into a corner, as though he desired to hide himself from observa- tion, and at his elbow lounged Sim. Blix, the most attentive auditor, perhaps, in the whole court-room. The apartment was very full, and the crowd not more polite than such crowds usually are. Therefore, when Mrs. Peyton arrived, she found it quite impossible to gain a good position, and, at first, could not catch a glimpse of the prisoner. Deb., however, taller by a head than her mistress, and not troubled by lady like scruples, perched herself on a bench just within the door, and stared about her. For a few moments she stared about her with the careless enjoyment of her race in new scenes and objects, shining on her ebony face. Then the rolling eyes settled themselves on one object, at first wonderingly, then with a great horror creeping into them. " 'Taint always possible," she muttered at last. " 'Taint noways. Suffin' is de matter with my eyes. Him. Laws now, couldn't be." But she started on, her face growing, as she looked, more and more as in hue ; her eyes starting from their sockets, and riveted on the countenance of the prisoner at the bar. He stood erect his arms folded on his breast, his eyes cast down. The waving hair had fallen over the broad brow, and as Deb, looked, he lifted his right hand to brush it back. As he did so, a ring upon his finger caught the light, and the black woman uttered a suppressed groan. "Lord lobe us, does seem as ef we was gib ober to the debbil's keeping'. Does seem so. Nebber was such afore. 'Tis him— 'tis. I know de face and I know de ring. Oh ! oh ! oh !" Thus she muttered, and descending from her perch, approached her mistress. "Missus," she whispered, "Deb's gone crazy at last, also de debbil is catch us." "Mercy, what does ail you, woman ?" said Mrs. Peyton. "You do look dreadful. Did you ever see such rude people ? They won't let me get near enough to hear or see, and such a smell. My cologne, Deb." "No matter for c'lone, Missus—no matter for nuffin' at all," moaned Deb. "Oh, put her head round, Missus, and I'll tell you suffin'— suffin' awful suffin' ways than dyin' is. Listen, Missy—" and she whispered some words in the lady's ear. Mrs. Peyton turned pale. "You are crazy, Deb.," she said. "Hopes I is," said Deb., but it don't seem so. I see de face and de figger, and I wouldn't b'leve nuffin', but when I see de gold ring, shape of a cross on his finger, I know'd for certain sure it's him." "You did not —you are crazy. Gentlemen, let me pass, in Heaven's name," said Mrs. Pey- ton, struggling forward. "Some one told me ; I must get nearer, I must," and her light figure flung itself desperately against the burly forms of the countrymen grouped about the door, and the little hands parted a path for herself as she made her way forward. Deb. followed in her wake. At last they could see the prisoner plainly, and stood still. "In de name ob de lord" whispered Deb. "Oh, Missus, your eyes is younger dan mine ; does you see what I does ?" The widow trembled from head to foot. With clasped hands and dilated eyes she stood transfixed, staring wildly upon the handsome face of the man who stood before his judges to be tried for the death of Otho Grantford, the tutor charged with so horrible a betrayal of his trust towards an innocent and unoffending child. The trial was almost over. Evidence had been taken, and opinions varied, as opinions on such subjects always do. No alibi could be proved. No other mortal was implicated. The only defence the prisoner's counsel could make for him was the absence of possible motive for the atrocious act. No- thing was to be gained, everything to be lost, by the foul deed. There had been no quarrel. There was no grudge to satisfy, no money to be gained. Only an idiot or a madman could commit so motive- less a deed of blood, and it was plain to all that Lionel was neither. Eloquently the lawyer placed this before his attentive audience, and, leaning forward, brought his speech to a climax thus : "Gentlemen of the jury, you behold in the prisoner at the bar an injured and innocent man. Blood has been shod for gold, for re- venge, in hot anger, in cold, remorseless hate. A thousand motives might be found for many a murder—for this, not one. "Let the accusers of my slandered client think of this. Let them step forward and point to you and to me one possible motive Lionel Malcolm could have had for the murder of the innocent child whose instruction was confided to his hands. "Can they home one ? Can you think of one ? I await an answer. Unless it can be given, no Christian juror may dare pronounce the injured man before him guilty. Speak. Men are listening, angels are listening, God himself is listening. Give the motive to the air." He paused. The silence was unbroken for a moment. Then, from a spot near the door arose a scream—a woman's scream, piercing and loud—a cry of "My son ! my son !" and through the crowd a lady in deep mourning forced herself toward the spot where the prisoner stood, sobbing wildly : "My boy ! my boy ! Oh, Lionel, dearest Lionel, can this be real ? Is it indeed you ? Oh, my poor, poor boy. Your mother will have them punished for this. Your mother is here, my darling !" And Mrs. Peyton forced herself into the dock, and flung herself upon the prisoner's breast. He yielded to her caresses as one might yield to the stab unwittingly given by some beloved and loving friend, knowing, as he did so, that she had sealed his doom, as he folded his arms about her he whispered : "Mother, poor mother, God bless and help you !" As they stood thus folded in each other's arms, the eyes of all in the courthouse upon them, the sympathy deepening, the murmurs of pity and belief in the prisoner's innocence growing louder the legal gentleman who conducted the prosecution leaned forward. "Mrs. Peyton, I believe," he said. "I am Beatrice Grantford Peyton, the late Henry Grantford's eldest sister," sobbed the widow. "And this is your son !" "My poor, injured, falsely accused son," said the lady. "You shall rue the day you brought so vile a charge against him. Don't feel alarmed, dear. Our family has immense influence." The lawyer drew him to his full height, and stood with his finger pointed toward the prisoner, as he said solemnly : "Gentlemen of the jury, my opponent has asked you what possible motive the prisoner at the bar could have had for the murder of an innocent child. Behold your answer. You see before you the nearest living heir to the Grantford property, and the life which he has taken, the young life of a confiding, innocent child, was all that stood between him and this goodly heritage. I say no more. The black- ness of the crime and its sordid motive are too plainly placed before you to need any words from me. I read it in your eyes already." Alas ! for the prisoner, that look was reflected on every abhorrent face. Men nearest to him shrunk away ; the poor clergyman covered his face and groaned ; the counsel for defence sunk into a seat in blank dismay ; and poor silly Mrs. Peyton, gathering from the glances cast upon her the true state of things, sank into a a death-like swoon. In all that room but one clung to her faith in the accused man. Old Mrs. Helmstone, who, with her plump cheeks stained with tears, and her dumpling figure all a-tremble, arose and came forward. Taking Mrs. Peyton's fainting form in her arms, she said, in a tremulous voice : "I'll take care of her, dear. You've one friend left at least, beside your Maker. I know you are innocent, and God will aid you at last." Then, as certainly a doomed man as though the sentence had been pronounced, Lionel stood before the many eyes so full of abhorrence and of vengeance He heard the murmurs of honest voices, coupling his name with words of scorn. He heard also the wild screams of his mother, who, in the little ante-room, had been brought to consciousness only to fall into strong hysterics and ravings like those of insanity. The jury only turned in their places and spoke together for a moment. Then the foreman gave the verdict expected by all—"Guilty." CHAPTER XVII. THE VILLAIN AND HIS TOOL. THE crowd had left the court house, and, di- vided into little groups, dispersed itself over the town and was seen no more. The after- noon was wearing to a close, and already a faint, ghost-like moon lay in the sun-set sky ready to assert her supremacy when day had left her throne. Down in the tangled woods it was already evening, and there, leaning against a giant oak tree, stood Richard Osprey, his young face pallid as horror could make it, his hands clenched until the nails pierced the soft palms, and his whole frame trembling convul- sively. Opposite him stood Simeon Blix smok- ing a cigar, with both hands in his pockets, and his twinkling, black eyes fixed upon those of the conscience- tortured youth. The latter first broke silence. "Sim.," he said, "this can't go on. I can't let it—I dare not. The man will be hung— hung, Sim. Think of that. My cousin, too, and a fellow after my own heart. Oh no, Sim. —you know I'm not a villain. I must have Otho back. Anything is better than this— anything—anything !" Sim. looked at his companion scornfully. "Go on," he said. "Let it out. Let the steam off—do. It will do you good. You'd oughter have hysterics like a gal. Lord, now don't you look like one chattering and raving there ! Have Otho back ! There's a good one. You'll be glad to do it, won't you ? Lord, yes, have him back. Give him the property, and go bog or starve. How are you going to get him back, eh ? You needn't suppose I'll let you make a fool of yourself—" "You heard the verdict, Sim.," cried the youth—"Guilty ! Oh ! how my cousin's face looked then ! You heard the sentence—'To be hanged by the neck until he is dead.' And he an innocent man. A kingdom couldn't pay me for such a murder. It would be a murder as much as if I shed his blood." Sim. Blix took his cigar from his lips and cooly brushed away, the ashes. "Hanged by the neck until he is dead," he said. "Well, just now you'd rather stand in his shoes than your'n had you ? Because, look here, Dick, it's too late to hunt Otho up now— altogether too late. I'm implicated. I've acted a friendly part to you, and done what you couldn't have the pluck to do for yourself, and as I said, I'm implicated. Now, I an't goin' to be kicked down the ladder after I've climbed so far ; and if any one tries it I'll have revenge, sure as my name's Blix. You know what happened between you and your uncle in the woods, and that there sentence will be done over for your benefit if you give me too much. Other- wise I'm friendly. He had better hang than you and if he was in the way, of course the Grange is as far as ever. That ain't my plan. As your brother-in-law, 'tisn't my plan, you may suppose." The youth looked at the grinning monster before him, and, clasping his hands to his brow, flung himself upon the earth. "It is too horrible !" he moaned—"too horrible I cannot meet such a fate. Yet it would be better than to be a murderer in reality. What a coward I am—what a coward oh ! Heavens, what a coward !" "Wouldn't tell the whole world if you don't want to meet the consequences," said Sim. "They've only got to look to see what spunk you've got. I wouldn't be a gal, I vow I wouldn't," said Simeon Blix, cooly. The youth started to his feet and caught his arm fiercely. "You can't be quite a fiend," he said—"not quite—not quite. Your face and form are hu- man. Listen : I pray for mercy. Don't force me to this evil deed. You know I cannot walk of my own accord to the gallows. You know I don't deserve such a fate. Let me find Otho. Let me take him back to the Grange. You shan't be compromised indeed you shan't. I don't ask you to do anything to help me ; but for Heaven's sake, Blix, don't throw obstacles in my way. If ever I come into possession of the property you shall ask for what you choose. I swear it, Blix. Half—all. Oh, Sim., think. My cousin is innocent. He has never harmed us—never !" Simeon Blix tossed away the bit of cigar remaining and smiled sarcastically. "Much obliged for nothing," he said. "Put Otho back at the Grange, and let this cousin of yours march around waiting for the child's shoes, and you've a splendid chance, haven't you, of the Grange property you're to be so generous with. What a stupid you are, Dick ! 'Tisn't likely you'll find Otho, for I shan't help you, and all you'll do will be to run your head into the halter. I'm a good friend, but I've got too much gipsy in me not to be a bitter enemy as well. Let things take their course, I say ; folks are coming." He turned away as he spoke, and Richard, slouching his cap over his eyes, followed Simeon Blix along the path leading downward. At the very sound of footsteps his yearning to do right gave way to abject terror, and as he went, he whispered : "They didn't hear me, Sim. I did not speak very loudly. They never could have heard me." "Folks of that kind are not fond of listen- ing," said Simeon, as he pointed to two old farmers plodding along with their chins buried in their waistcoats. "You are coming to your senses at last, Dick. Come—I'm friendly as long as I an't riled, and we're to be brothers, you know." Dick said nothing. He walked on, bent upon concealing his troubled face from any chance observer, neither daring to look behind or before him, and, while hating the man at his side, too much afraid of him to utter a word to vex him now that the first burst of feeling was over. Besides, as he walked on a vision of the Grange arose before his eyes—a vision of himself as its master. What a life it would be contrasted with that he now led. Luxury, ease, honour, in place of poverty, anxiety, and the shame of debts and duns. He began to try to fancy himself in the hands of fate—to say, I can't help it, after all—to throw all blame on Sim. Blix and exonerate himself to sink once more into the weak tool of a wicked man, and to loose the little strength bitter remorse had for the moment given him. Two hours later, flushed with wine, yet with the decanter still at his elbow, he sat opposite Simeon, trolling forth a drinking song, and be- tween the verses boasting loudly that he was master of the Grange, and promising enormous gifts of land and jewels and horseflesh, which would have astounded the very genii of the Arabian Nights' Entertainments, not only to him, but to the grinning waiter who attended on them. CHAPTER XVIII. AN EVENTFUL NIGHT. LIONEL MALCOLM—or, now that his real name is known, Lionel Peyton had been incarcerated in his cell for many days, seeing no living face save that of his gaoler. He know his doom was sealed. He knew that all the world was against him. The proofs of guilt were fearfully strong, and his innocence could not be credited by mortal man. There had been no thought of mercy or pardon in his case, for the crime seemed so vile a one—the murderer of a child too foul a creature to be forgiven by man or by his Maker. How strong the feeling was against him he scarcely knew until one day, his gaoler's child —a toddling boy of three followed his father into the prisoner's cell when he brought him his midday meal. The little one had entered with the fearlessness of childhood, and Lionel had held out his hand towards him, glad to greet even so young a creature with the clasp of friendship ; but at that moment its mother, pale with fear, had followed and caught her child, and bore it off with something between a sob and a cry. She uttered no word, but her eyes said, "The hand red with the blood of one child shall not touch that of mine," and their glance stabbed Lionel to the soul. From that hour the innocent man felt that the brand of Cain was on his brow, and dreaded to meet the glance of his fellow mortals. Flung upon a couch, he hid his pallid face by hours together, wondering, as he lay supinely, what Geraldine would think—what she would feel ; a longing to speak to her for one instant ; praying that at least she might believe him innocent. And the good old clergyman and his wife— the dear old woman who had professed her trust in him until the last— why did they never come near him ? She came at last—cosy, comfortable Mrs. Helmstone—bringing homelike sunshine into the cell with her, even though it fell there through a shower of tears. She kissed Lionel on his forehead, and called him "her own dear boy." She told him how she trusted in some- thing happening to prove his innocence before it was too late, and how she prayed for it on her bended knees morning and evening. "And about my daily work, too, Lionel," she said "and when I'm visiting the sick and poor, and always, I do believe for you are never out of my mind, nor out of your mother's, I know. She would be with me also, but she is ill—not dangerously, so don't be frightened, but in a sort of nervous fever—and quite weak, poor dear. Archibald—" There she stopped, and flushed and the prisoner said, sadly : "Mr. Helmstone thinks me guilty, I know." "I know he doesn't," sobbed the little wo- man ; "but the best of men are so frightfully unreasonable ! They will have proofs. Now we women know things are so or not so by our feelings. Archy should trust his. But there is the ridiculous evidence. It's only for a while though my dear ; I'm sure of that. Some- thing will happen to clear it all up, and end the matter to your credit ; and we shall see you master of the Grange yet. God is a just God, Lionel." "Amen !" said the prisoner. "Yet he sometimes permits innocent men to suffer." "On earth," said Mrs. Helmstone, bursting into a fresh flood of tears. "But, my dear, if even that should happen, there's a better world than this—a world where all things are revealed. My poor boy, my dear, dear Lionel— trust in Him, even to the last. Believe in Him. He never forsakes unless we have forsaken Him." Then, kneeling beside the couch where he had flung himself, the good old soul pillowed the young man's head upon her arm, and kissed his broad, white forehead. Then, with a farewell, and a promise to come again whenever she could gain admission, she would have left him but he caught her hand. "Stop, kind friend," he said. "One question, and, for Heaven's sake, answer me truly : Does Geraldine Osprey think me guilty ?" "Geraldine is a woman, Lionel," said the old lady. "She knows you never did so horrible a thing as that they accuse you of." "Are you sure—are you sure ? Has she said so ?" gasped Lionel. "A thousand times," said the old lady. "I'd hate her if she thought otherwise." "Thank Heaven !" sighed the prisoner. Then, in a fainter tone, he asked : "Is she married yet ?" "No," said the old lady. "The vulgar wretch she is engaged to—how it ever hap- pened I don't know—would have liked the wedding to take place ; but the death of little Otho is a good excuse for putting it off longer. I hope she'll never have him, and I wish—Oh dear, when we think what might have been we sometimes can't make up our minds to what is !" What might have been ! The words fell upon Lionel's ear with a cruel sound. His old, bright dreams rose before him vividly, and he turned away his face to hide the tears that would start despite his every effort to restrain them. He hardly heard the parting words of his good old friend, or the closing of the door behind her, in the great agony of those ghosts of blighted hopes. Yet he was better for that brief visit ; more able to think with fortitude of the dread future, and to pray for strength to bear the worst should the worst be permitted to fall upon him. Sometimes, despite his conviction that there was no hope for him, a momentary expectation of deliverance flashed upon him. A step in the corridor without his cell, a sudden ring of the prison bell, a loud murmur of voices would fill him with the thought that some event had taken place which had proved his innocence. For a while he would pace the floor awaiting for good news hopeful, eager, trembling with expectation—only to fling himself upon his couch again, more crushed and hopeless than before. Mrs. Helmstone did not come again. Truth to tell, she also was waiting for the good news that never came. And Mrs. Peyton—now dangerously ill—demanded constant care. The days wore on—fast for all who watched their flight—but oh, how rapidly for one whose hours were numbered ! It is not possible for a young man in full health and strength to think calmly of such a death as that, which had been meted out for Lionel Peyton ; and he longed to be the veriest beggar in the street, free to breathe the air of Heaven as long as nature gave him leave to live—to be any man, how- ever wretched, in any condition, or any clime, if with the change only the life and freedom allotted by his Maker could be given. One day, when the sun had so nearly set that the shadows of the bars upon the windows crept over the floor and up the opposite wall, giving the little room the resemblance of a cage, Lionel, gloomier than ever, paced the floor, counting his steps for very weariness, when the gaoler opened the door and announced : "A lady." Expecting to meet the form of good Mrs. Helmstone, Lionel's eyes turned towards the spot, and rested on a figure dressed in black, and half covered by a heavy mourning veil. It stood quite motionless until the door was closed, and then the veil was lifted, and Lionel saw before him Geraldine Osprey. For a moment neither spoke. Lionel remained mute, as though he fancied her presence but a vision, which a word or a movement might dissolve into thin air and the girl could not control her voice sufficiently to utter any greeting. But, after a struggle, she broke the silence of the cell : "You wonder at my coming here, perhaps," she said. "I may have done wrong, but I could not stay away. I have so longed to see you, to assure you that I at least know your hands are free from stain of blood. If, for one moment, I could have feared that you doubted my trust in you, I could have borne the pang. You— never—thought I could believe—" She could say no more, sobs interrupted her utterance, and she sank upon the little stool Lionel brought forward for her, and hid her face in her kerchief. Lionel knelt beside her. In their emotion both remembered only their earnest love and the doom which hung over one of them. As the youth knelt he ventured to clasp the girl's hand, to twist his arm about her waist and his poor, aching head sank upon her shoulder. She felt it there, and the other hand fell caressingly upon his curls. "My poor, poor darling," she whispered ; "my dearest of the world ! How dare they use you thus ! How dare they doubt your inno- cence ! Is there no hope, no mercy in their hearts ! Are they friends ?" She looked down into the pale face on her shoulder, but all its grief had vanished. In its place remained ineffable sweetness and joy. The gentle touch of that dear hand had charmed away all terrors for the first time she knew she loved him ; all along she had known that he loved her. At another moment maiden modesty and shame for the betrayal of her love might have overwhelmed Geraldine Osprey, but this was such a solemn moment as a death-bed parting might be, and the world's conventionalities were not remembered. As a mother or a sister might, who held her kneeling lover in a chaste embrace. Glad to feel his breath upon her cheek, the ripple of his curling hair beneath her hand, for the last as well as the first time. If only ruthless time could have stopped and left the two together in that prison cell, despite its bare walls and its barred windows, it would have seemed to both an earthly paradise. The sun sank lower, the shadows lengthened, climbing the walls higher and higher still. Scarcely a word was spoken. Content to be beside each other, the lovers hardly cared for speech and Lionel felt that even at the last awful moment this hour would be a memory full of balm and healing for the consciousness that comes to all true lovers—that the union of heart and soul is not for this world—only had come to him with the first caressing touch of that dear hand fluttering so softly and tremu- lously over his brown curls. Something of this he might have uttered had not the jingling of the gaoler's keys broken the silence, and caused both to start to their feet as the door opened and the gaoler entered. "You're in luck to-day," he said, looking at the prisoner. "Here's another lady—your old aunty—if she ever gets here for crying. How a gentleman with such affectionate friends could break their hearts, I don't know. I'm pretty tough, but that poor old critter outside does make even me—Ahem !" And the gaoler shook his head, and wiped his eyes. "It is my mother," said Lionel. "Or good Mrs. Helmstone," whispered Geral- dine. But the face and form which at that moment appeared on the threshold were unknown to either. They were those of an old woman of perhaps eighty—the hair white, the cheeks sunken, spectacles hiding the eyes, and a hood and cap enveloping the head stooping until she was nearly bent double, supporting herself on a crutch stick, and sobbing dreadfully, she tottered in, crying, as she came ; "My poor nephew—my dear nephew—to think of meeting you in such a place ! Oh, oh, oh !" Lionel gazed in astonishment on this unexpected visitor, and Geraldine looked from one to the other wonderingly. A sort of terror possessed her, and she involuntarily shrunk from the singular being who approached her. That old lady observed the movement, and spoke, between her sobs : "Don't go, my dear. I'd rather you stayed. Poor, dear boy. Gaoler, leave me awhile with him. An old woman like me can't carry him off, and he's my—only—nephew." Again she shook with grief, and the gaoler who had already brought from his own room an arm-chair, placed it for her and left the room. On the instant the woman arose to her full height, and placed her finger on her lip. "Not a word," she said. "If your aunt is a new relation keep it to yourself." And in a twinkling cap and glasses were lifted, and a tall, dark, beautiful woman, of five-and-thirty or thereabouts, stood before them—Hagar, the gipsy, though neither know her name. She stood an instant enjoying their astonish- ment, and then resumed her disguise with a low laugh." "Don't disown your aunt, and she'll do you a good turn, young gentleman," she said. "Look here." And in her brown palm, drawn from some hiding-place amidst her head gear, lay two or three delicate instruments of polished steel. "Can you use those ?" she said. "Look you : cut your bars away with these, and at twelve you'll find a couple of our lads outside to help you away from gaol and the gallows—lads who won't shirk danger, and who will walk through fire and water but they'll serve you for the night—lads you can trust with your life, though maybe couldn't with your purse at another time. It's only a light hand and a quick ear, and a moonlight flitting is before you. Lionel's fingers involuntarily caught the little tools, and his eye turned toward the grated window, as though measuring its strength, but the next moment he made a gesture as though to return them. "It is a coward's part to fly," he said. "Who in such a case, could doubt my guilt ? Who- ever you may be, I thank you from my heart, madam, but I should blush to avail myself of the means of escape you offer." "Better blush than be hanged," said the gipsy. "Eh, my pretty gentleman, dangling at a rope's end, you'd wish for the file and the rope ladder the gipsy lads will toss you. See, now, the young lady's eyes ask you to be sen- sible, and as for thinking you innocent, who thinks that ? Maybe a woman or two, but neither judge nor jury. Come don't be a fool. Take a gipsy's advice (you know we read the stars), and perhaps the truth will come to light some day. I won't take back the tools ; I came to bring them to you." Geraldine clung to Lionel's arm. "Listen to her," she whispered. "Accept her aid, and let Geraldine still pray for your safety." The prisoner's eye once more sought the grated panes, and then returned to the sweet face beside him. Through the clouds of the dark present, he fancied that he caught a glimpse of what might be even yet a gladsome future. Without those bars lay liberty, hope, perhaps a boon still sweeter ; within, only a few hours of wretched life and a shameful death. He looked at the gipsy earnestly. "Why have you taken this interest in me ?" he asked. The woman laughed. "Gipsy folk are not like others," she said. "Better not ask, or try to know. Only remember that until to-morrow sunrise the lads you'll meet outside are sworn to serve you. Come the gaoler is close by. Hide the tools." Her weird black eyes danced over the room, and fell upon a loaf of bread, left with a bowl of soup for the prisoner's supper. With sur- prising celerity she caught it up, cut a deep wedge from the upper side, scooped out the crumbs, swallowing them as she worked, and hid the tools within, letting the wedge in care- fully, so that it would have taken a sharp eye to detect the line the knife had made. "Your room will be searched after we've gone, I suppose," she said. "They'll never think of that hiding place. Come, lady, we ought to go, for the hours are flying and filing is slow work for the dainty hands of a gentle- man." As she spoke, the glasses, with their enormous tortoise-shell rims, were resumed, the lithe form bent and trembled, and an old wo- man seemed to stand weeping before them. Geraldine hold out her hand. "Good bye. God guard and bless you," she said. And Lionel whispered : "It may be a lifelong parting, Geraldine. Give me one happy memory." He stooped as he spoke, and their lips met in a long lingering kiss. "Farewell," he whispered, "farewell. Good angels watch over you, be my fate what it may. And if we never meet on earth, we shall in Heaven." And "in Heaven" fell faintly from the pallid lips of Geraldine, as she cast one agonized glance upon her lover ere she left his cell. [TO BE CONTINUED.] A KIND lady sent a western editor a pie with the request "please insert." He "inserted" it of course. A FEW weeks after a love marriage the husband had some peculiar thoughts when putting on his last clean shirt, as he saw no appearance of a washing. He thereupon rose earlier than usual one morning and kindled a fire. When hanging on the kettle he made a noise on purpose to arouse his easy wife. She immediately peeped over the blankets, and then exclaimed : "My dear, what are you doing ?" He deliberately responded : "I've put on my last clean shirt, and I'm going to wash one for myself." "Very well," replied Mrs. Easy, "you had better wash one for me too !" DIVINE ORIGIN OF PHYSICAL TRUTHS.— Truths physical have an origin as divine as truths religious. In the time of Galileo they triumphed over the casuistry and secular power of the Church and in our own day the incontrovertible truths of primeval life have won as noble a victory over the errors of a speculative theology, and false interpretation of the Word of God. Science ever has been, and ever must be the safeguard of religion. The grandeur of her truths may transcend our failing reason, but those who cherish and lean upon truths equally grand, but certainly more incomprehensible, ought to see in the marvels of the material world the best defence as well as the best illustration of the miseries of their faith. MANY a marriage has commenced, like the morning red, and polished like a mushroom. Wherefore ? Because the married pair neglected to be as agreeable to each other after their union as they were before it. Sock always to please each other, my children, but in doing so keep heaven in mind. Lavish not your love to-day, remembering the marriage has a morrow, and again a morrow. Bethink you, my daughters, what the word housewife expresses. The married woman is her husband's domestic trust. On her he ought to be able to place his reliance in house and family to her he should. confide the key of his heart, and the lock of his store-room. His honor and his home are under her protection, and his welfare is in her hands. Ponder this ! And you, my sons, be true men of honor, and good authors of your families. Act in such wise that your wives respect and love you. And what more shall I say to you my children ? Peruse diligently the Word of God, that will guide you out of storm and dead calm, and bring you safe into port. And as for the rest-do your host. Frederika Bremer. A MOTHER'S LOVE The work to which we refer is that which every motor, rich or poor, whatever the advantages or disadvantages of the circumstances may be, is required by the most sacred and rigid obligations to achieve the assiduous cultivation in her children of the inner nature, or that which makes the good man or woman, that which shall live for ever. For this she must be always at her post, with never so much as a recess from her maternal care and solicitude toiling on, breaking up ground, sowing the seed, training the tender plant, enriching the soil, watering, nourishing, stimulating every good and pleasant growth, until the flowers begin to bloom and the fruit to ripen. Then comes a boy day of enjoyment, of rest and comfort to the mother in the golden autumn of her life, when surrounded by a group of affec- tion, dutiful, virtuous and noble sons and daughters, she sits among them in dutiful repose, her face radiant in the glow of her own heart's over burning love, and the smile of heaven as an halo of light above her head, a spectacle to be admired and envied of all. But this season of | comfort, this " Indian summer," never, never comes to those who evade their responsibilities, forsake their trust, and leave their work for others to do, for tho sake of personal case, sensuous indulgence, or selfish gratifications. The New "Yorker. ', MR. BEECHER related the following incident J in one of his sermons Not long ago a gentleman who was engaged in the oil business had made some twelve or fifteen thousand dollars, and he concluded that he had made enough extraordinary as it seems and that he would I wind up his affairs and come home I do not believe one of you would have done it!" Fifteen thousand dollars ? Why, that is just enough to a bait the trap of mammon ! Well he wound up his affairs, and was on the point of leaving, when he was met by a young man of his acquaintance (I believe they both resided in New York), who had invested six thousand dollars, all he had, in an experimental well, and been boring and boring until he had given out | in discouragement. And coming to this man, he said I shall lose six thousand dollars if I am obliged to give up BIT interest in that wall,' and begged him to take it off his hands. I am selling out, and not taking on, says the man. But the young man pleaded with him, and out of personal kindness he said Very well I will take it. In two days they struck a vein in this well, and it was an immensely fruitful well and he sold his share for two hundred thousand dollars. The young man was present when the check was drawn on New York for the amount, and he felt like death, and mourned and said, 'It is always my luck ; I am always a little to late. And the man said, I You may take ten thousand of it, if you want. The young man thought he was jesting ; but he assured him that he was not, and said, 'I will make it twenty thousand, if it will do you any good.' ' Or,' said he will make it fifty thousand.' 'Well, said he take the whole of it I do not want it. Give me the six thousand, and you may have the advantage of the good luck. And so he gave the young man the two hundred thousand. All of you that would have done that may rise up !" 