IIISCELLANEOUS. t t:urtle tack.k,, in a tight box, 'whiech was over 't. k. d in an or itig ,alon in Cha. letore, livred I.veC n., st It with, ut f,)d or water of a'iy i .d. Writing (i, t t< st.i . e' o' the fi:vitces of Qtuest s : .: the ]l'ribb.ie Cuie. remarks:--Te, m u(d tturn O0 rv t'htsu f r ,per e.owd a Inag. ai; pre t redueti,,an frori: tie amnut tcollected in tihe p'evious year; but the aburd manuner in which tian accomu.t4 are Lept, nmakes the falling off eppeer much greatcr than it reatll is. I' we deduct the sums set dawn as roderetd iin lad ordirr, but for which the Govern' r'rnt ar ver receitcd ayr money, it cill be seen that t e ..:el tceipts of the Treasury during the tats 18-5 ?td 1816 : are usa. e. Crl te possible the same. It mult, l.oatver, be remembered that the fatter i.ludt- the proctt!ds of the statnp tla, and the .i'delio;dl emuton,a dutits, as well as the receiits from ?or'ions of the rsilway which were :o; opet; for truifle ua:i: g the jir vi?u )J ar. ThIe totel.reoei ite i (cashIm tfr ti all sources t f'reietroul trcper for the )ea 1856" "umount to £4U0,216T ie cannOr ..?,tt I.la sut it he n:uch txiceded ouritng the yfea Inlot ctmnla.trc. g; a?ld .,. £:00,00?0 mwil be r;eqirut out of it f r tie pry ment of tie ayear's, intercst on dtbeuturms a,'d Tra. "iur} hi?!?, t.e balance left will b? woefm' ly insclie;etort to meet turrent alerx.diture, hwevrer grear the tco.. .tom?y whi'i tmay ba. eto ctd. I. thiem face of sue'. a , atmoet it will e roaly e. o Pider d w: rt w-hih to bring for, ard asnottier oat t i tor rotn ,ine.m t,. conme, an it wou:d be diBl, ul f, fl. d 1 ureh- irrs f r the debenturra. Tihe t.l'y resoutce is in turca li?,g expendsure,.attnd pushling ea seatl ti ent by. throwi.. Iend Ilentifadly "',to tt e. manlc: fur ccou,:etion, h.,tber by.pu rehare or lease. SThe.Qtueenslan4 Guardiant.of the 7th inst reports that a demand for labour in that colQny has now so nearly equalled the sup ply, that Government has conme to the reso tttion of. discontinuing the various relief iamps that have for some months past been at work in the ueighborhood of Brisbane and Ipswich. These gangs were broken up on Saturday last, but it is intendled to finish such of the works as they have been eugaged on as are absolutely required to be completed -for instance, the cntting of the hill at the rere of the military barracks-but none ot,. The men engaged on these will be paid £1 per weei.. There is no doubt that, small as the. wages paid at these relief caulps has been, tlheirtxisteance has prevented. a great deal of misery. It is, however, to be hoped, that it will. not again, be necessary for the overnlmaent to have recourse to sullch :ta menus of relieving the distress of-the working chasses. A' discovery has just been- brought, under our notice, says the Majorca Independent, of the lth instant, " which may eventually be of important-results. A man named Bright was travelling overland from Adelaide to 0Majorea, when, leaving the usual route to look after some sheep, he came across nntie rous springs of what at first sight appeared to be water, but upon close inspection proved. to be a kind of liquid gum or oil, which on, exposure to the air becomes solidified, at.first to the consistency of jelly, and afterwards to that of india-rubber-in which form we have now a piece in otr possession. The pecu liarity of this gum, . or whatever it, may be termed, is that it burns freely, with a bright flame, but acco.np.mnied with a great smoke, and a smell as of old grease, such as would be emitted from machinery oil while in a. state of combustion. The substance is light, and floats easily in water. Our: informant. assures us that a tract of country not less than ten miles square is covered at intervals with the bubbling springs, while between them the solidified . gum is lying. in such abundance that many ship loads night be gathered with very little trouble. The exact locale of the discovery is preserved as a secret, but is stated to. bewithin sixty miles of the coast. A small block:, of:this curious substance has been .forwarded to Melbourne for analysis." The elfects of evidence are .as various as the minds of men. Three persons sit down to the study of history. One finds in,,it a catalogue of human wickedness, and he rises a nmisantroplhe; another, eatches everywhere gleams of man's excellence, and he gets.up a phiilantrophist;. -a third ,only observes, that rich men have always been powerful, and he becomes a miser. So it goes in the natural world. The same sun shines on .the briclks, and on the shutters, of a house, and it leayes ole red and tlte other green.. VOLUT?TEER DRILL FOR SIXOLE [EN.. Fall in love with some good and induutriel young woman. Attention pay to her faitl? fully nd respectfuilly. Right face in ,op. ping the question, like at man. Quick uarhl to her parents, and ask their consent. pl' right with her to the church, an, d go through the service of matrimony. ILalt and re?let seriously upon the new duties whicr hol have assumed, and then perfori.m thellm ight about face from the haul ts wvhich you frequented when single, and prefer your own\ home. Advance arms to your yomrn witf when out walking with her, and never leve her to trail behind. Break off staying out at night, and other bad habits, if you wish to have a happy home. Tuis OLD MI1AS.-Bow low the head, bor - do reverence to the old man. Once like y]ou the vicissitudes of life have silvered the hair, and changed the round merry face to the worn visage before you. Once that heart beat with aspirations co-equal to a:y that you have felt; aspirations crushed by disap pointment, as yours are perhaps destined to be. Once that form stalked proudly through the gay scenes of pleasure, the beau ideal of grace; now the hand of time, that withers the flower of yesterday, has warped that figure and destroyed that noble carriage. Once, at your age, he possessed the thousand thoughts that pass through your brain-nowr wishing to accomplish deeds worthy of a nook in faune, anon imagining life a dreain that the sooner he woke fiomn the better. But he has lived the dream very near through. The time to awaken is very near at hand ; yet his eye ever kindles at old deeds of daring, and the hand takes a firmer grasp of the staff. Bow low thy head boy, as you would in your ohl age be reverenced. At Bathampton, near Bath, the rustics de. dared that they had repeatedly seen in the churchyard the ghost of their recently dc. ceased pastor. The police were at length set to watch, and arrested-a large white owl In some parts of G- rmanv every bottlý, containing poison is labelled with a deatlh's head and cross bones, as bl.cek as printer's ink can paint them. Every parcel of ,oisonous medicine sent to a patient has a timilar ha,! over the address. It is positively stated that I3. NMeri?iee, who accompanied the Enperor in hi, rerelt journey, and who may be -aid to have an otii eoal residence in the Imperial houtsehold, l Iu been married to the Countess of \lontijt. Within the last month sghrton ha ve:. pcared in the River W\ear, Durham, alter an absence of filtlY 70 years. The result is :t. tributed to the recent formation of a luca preservation society.-Liverpooi Albion There is a report that an energetiC ciilrt will be made next session I).i ih leaders of thshions in fas!hions in Paris to revive the practise of powdering the hair. The Ilon Jabez L. M. Curry, of Alahlu i at one time the ablest represernfative in Congress, has with/irawi I'froml politic:a lit amnl entered the chmr-hl?. Hi-, se r ,;::T said to be very bri;lliant. 