TU.H FINAt. FATE OP THE UNIVERSE- ! . ' . ASTRONOMICAL SPECULATIONS. . ' (From tho Solon tifio Araerioan.) . If two bodies were plaoedin »pico without'any force aetinir upon e«oh other than their own gravity . they would immediately; e'arttowardB caoh other, and would rush together. The ann and planets 'whiohconslliritó the. stellar System,.' to which oar sólár: system betones, are prevent'cl from running together into ene mass bj 'their révolution» áboot oaah o'her. Tho revolutions.af the planets nronnd onr sun, and of. tho satellites about their primaries, have been aaoertoinod'wlth that wonder, ful pn cition whioh is tho Just pi Ide of nstrononiloa) science, and astronomer's are now engaged' In the sab lime problem of unravelling 'the revolutions of,tbo oiantless sun» that.maka np our. stellar, eyntora. ¡Al ready the cluster, of, ¡tho fiemd.os is indio»tjd ns the proximate locality of tho centre' oronnd; whioh ' cor ann with bia ittchdatifc'planets; is sweeping his vast orbit ;' and It1'i's sugget'od that it ' i«T-probably, the. common, centro of tho orbits of all tho suns of onr ateljar sys- tem. - , .,? ,,,( . ;. ,'. . ,.. ' ' ' "";. ; ; If.the force of gravity .extends aorosj the inoonoetv ablo spaces .whioh separato, the aevoral stellar systems of the'univcrae.'thoBe'systems must raab tog'ethor- unless they are held' apart' by revelations- around each othèr;. ' ? . '1 '!.., .,,-..! , i , ... 1 If tight waro an emanation, ns held br Newton, the spaces botween the, solid bodies of, th«.universe might ba .absolutely empty ¡.and 1 ih that'case,!; tho ' revoi latlono' of'the 'bodies around ' Oaob.'l other might go on for ever. 'On the other hand, if light; ls ,a vibrai ti on in a subtle (lull the fluid might obetruot the motion« of bodies revolving. In it, and .they'roust finally oome together ia. ono mas j. The'citpérirnéutso irigeniodsly deviled by Arag'o, and oarrled oul wlth'su h honourable robard for I ho fame of.lts designer,/ by¡.Mesar»;, Foii o-tutt, Fixeso, and Bereque, to determine whether thérjs fs a difference,ia lher .velocity of lighí'ln Jitó' paisatre through air and water, has demonstrated" that'-light ia a vibration.- ' lt follows'from this lhasas far ns. Habit extends,-'space is filled with á mste'rM fluid, whloh resists tho,-notion of bodies revol vida; In it ; and^boUiai within thia apaoe must igradually wind their way 'In wa'd, and ultimately como together in ono mass, j Tho moon 'must' bo drawing very slowly nearer and 'nearer.tho earth, and the) two bodies in the far. di'tant futnrs will oome together, The solid crn<t ol .the.earth will be broken up by. the shock, an,immense quantity of heat will bo generated by the moon's motion, and tho two'bodles will fuse together In one molten' globe. Ai» tho new and enlarged earth ls cooled upon ' its surface, a second.series of geological, deposits ,wlll be ¡constituted, accompanied, po. bapsi by strange and in- conceivable forms of animal and vegetable'life. '; j . ."At the same time the earl h is winding 1U Way Inward towards the'sun, and must oltima'ely fall au inconsider- able pebbl», into' tho vast glowing mais. Tho , same .fate awaits all tho planets; and our solar system 'must one day he .but a singlo globo. .'When this .'glob's ¡a cooled to the,rigbt temperature^ lt may be'coveréd'wîtb. a multitude of inhabitants) and astronomer* may : tie* wbd will' watch' its revolution ? among the associated suns of pur solar system. If their knowledge, and in- tellect are equal to the solonoe' of oar aitroooroWa thev .will fo'reièe tho ultimate coming Id^ethef of all'these suns Into one common_globe.' 'And not1 this only,' for they will predict the final coming together of alli the sUlUr systems of the visible uni veno into one mais! of matter.;-,,, .. . ., v ,..,' . ':''.""""'; ¡ . ..., When this matter is first collected, lt will bb intensely hot from'tho destruction bf motion In tho' several suns and system of sans as they oome together.'The heat will be radiated ¡cul ward int o the unlverse.'and the onenirusu of matter, be gradually cooled. During tb« oooling'lhere .will,be. the.same ploy mutual Interchange of heat, light, elect rlèltjf,' magnetism,'arid other Imponderable-forces, 'that are now upon this'earth. As the coollnii p'rooeedr, tbs action of tbeioforcë» wlUdimlniaht whep977,dogfeesare reaohed,,.li({ht will .cease- and .dnrku'e'eB will' fill the universe, As .each-vibration of heat leaves fha material m«6s it will oxtiand om ward at" tba'Yate of ; 198,000 milos per second'in all dfreotione'ln the form of as'wift swelllng, hollow globe. When the temperature of ab«o lulo cold is'reaohed ,(403-2 degree?) the láit vibration', of heat will leave the mass of nutter,'abd, will'expand, outward thro'ugh all infinity of.spion'and time; : ' ' 1 Supposing, however, tha ethe'i eal fluid which fills the vi«¡bio portion of tba universe is limited in extent, so that th« last vibration of beat will rraob its boundaries, and coa'sn, whit then become« of the force of the universo and of the dootrino of tho oonvoralob"of force r11 j A JOURNALISTIC " OAT"AsTnowt*.--'An Incident oo' curred in connection with tho printing pf our papijr on .Tuosdey, wbioh wo imogino - is . unparalleled in; tho annals o( tho proas, . Ajcathad onsconsód lioréelf In the large oj Under of tho four-foedor Ugo printing ' machine, omnloyed to throw »ff tho first sldi 'of' our impression" Before starting- 0' machino of this sort, ,thor« ls con sldornblo noiso nnd bustlo in. putting ou the " formes'! of type, etc., nnd during tho first few,revolutionist ls, driven Tery slowly. ' Tho cat, howevor, romáinéd ejuite' quiot during thcao .preliminaries, and eacnpod<' not!'c!e until the machine vins running at full speed;.'and bad thrown off. some .800 copies of tho poper. Sho'then apparently: thought.ehe hod had one ugh of ,|t] and. >att«mptee[ to spring, put of tho oylindor,.hut hoing Kiddy ofter, ber 200 full speed rovolulions, felt beneath it and WAS 'crushod to a jelly bj'th« revolving formes, ber head masing a large dint ld ono pf tho columns, and bor flesh,,blood,' and bonos being «o evenly distributed ovor -the tyre, that it. was only after a'great deal of washing that printing"could be resumed. So'com- pletely triturated was the unfortunate' animal, that', aa oho of the hands expressed it, " nothing was-left of ber but tba skin." If her intention, in .taking up lier, station in tho oylindar, was suicide, sho could hardly have ohóson a more oflectusl method of porformlng' tbs happy despatch. No motive can; however, ba «iflgnsii fortherneh'aot. Wa alnoorely hopo'that lt, otl^er cats think Of Adopting this plan of escape ¿rom the cares'of : this world they will try somó other ' nowspaier,* for.we . have had enough of them, and 'th'é 'next'one' ¡found trespassing In our maohloo room with any suoh Inten t shall bo handed over to itha: sausage-maker {without .mercy.-In th« present Instance no injury, was done to tho maohino-luoklly,. for tho prlco of n four-fooder ls Ü2C00-but wo can't'effordto risk itegsln,' ao It hot lt cats want to bo killed by machina/ they'must go some-' whore olse.-NOHh British Mall, ;- ' '' ; ° ,t - i Tna IIASKAS- Coarcs AOT.-TboAol solh'and 80t.li of Victoria, chap. 119, lo continue.the,first Aol of lsst session of Parliament, to empower tba.I«ord Lieutenant of Ireland to apprehend and detain, persons .eu'aptotedj of conspiring igalnat ber, Majesty, will riot oifilie he-, fora tlie 30th Instant. On thu 10th,of August last the Act 39th and flOth of Victoria, chap. 1, waa to eon-' linus, by' tho HBth. chapter, " lp fproa until tba expiration of twenty-one days alter the commencement ,pf tho session of .Parliament,, Immediately auoçtedlog the (then) present session, and ,tho :sald Aol shalt'be ooniiruvd as if tho words; Until tbs" expiration: ! of .-' twenty-one 'days" after ' tbs'', oonmenoement I of th« j sessien liutnedlatoly .succeeding1 tba jpy«««nt seeilon' wer« throughout tho a«ld 'Aol' sulm Hilted Jon the wordn/nntll tho 1st tjeptoinber, 1800.'" /Parlia- ment commenced on ,tlio 3th lristaiit, and the'26th ' Inttant will nut ixpiro until Túosda/ next,' " j vi I« . " NATURAU FJIONTIBM.''-A «rent Paris orewd aiverobled at tba Sor bon oe on Obr/tlrAar-eve, to, Bear a leotaie from Professor 'Hlmlr, on tba " Natural Frontiers" of Frsnco. The sudlenoe expected to bear . authoritative.] arguments In .support, rot the theory dally advooated by the''Paya, and.'other Journals, tbut the Rhine frontier, Belgian, »nd SwitBorlsnd ought to ' belong to Franco/ Bot to tho surprise of almost all, and the'great disgust of some, the lo irned professor took quite another tsok, and laid himielf out to show that ihero is no rational ground whatever for claiming " natural frontier" on tho north-east of Franoe. ' He bogan by laying down a« an .incontrovertible proposition - that a1 river never was, and never ooulJ be, tv natural i frontier.?/ As a corollary to bis proposition he instanoed: the foot that almost nil cities were built ) npon .two1 aides of rivers. As to ' the Rhino,' it bad never, even for BO much BB tho Bbort spicoofa quarter of a; oentary, bien a. ' political frontier,/' " Ciotar'i Ooromentarlee" : showed tbit the Rhine formed no line of demarcation botween Gnni and Germany;' There i were large tribes of tho 'German population constantly on tblt side of the . stream. The Romans .never- made the Khlno a frontier. They bad, always tote« de pont and. oolon'eson the other aide- witnesa particularly, Ride», where the old Roman bathe wore yo» extant.' Neither in the.time of' Charlemagne nor tho midd lo. ago« Was'l'he Tîblno a frontier.) Napoleon I. indeed broached tho theory of Rhine frontier al Campo Fórralo j; bat he bad scarcely got Into potasialon of it than he; want further, and at the' oon Tor euee of : Fragnei ho refused to be contented with the Rhine boundary whioh the allies woro willing to give up to him. ijf,, Hlmly had the courage to conclude before a Fr«Hoh audience i hat, if by tbs utmost1 straining'of any, suggested; theory' Ibero' vans euell a thing ai j.*.'- natural ethnographic fron (¡or on the east of " FrinCit, and ¡fi that theory were taken as the basis of a rectification; of frontiers, tho"'oon<?Q,ueoco ? would, be to givo Frnno'aa'part of Belgium, tbs south-west part, of Switzerland, und the'Jara B-riioit;1 but 'at the same, time-to strip Franco of Alsace, a part of Lorraine, - and a part, of tbs department bf the .Nord. He, however, rejected altogether the theory . of any, natural frontiers whatever for. Fiance but tbe Atlantic, the Pyrenees, and the Alps, mid consequently - held that there were no such things in tbe dircotion of Germany ; Switzerland, or Borium. '. i .. . >' .!??*?.... ., , TUB ScuTTMtto OF Tris Farant».-The charge of scuttling' tho Severn, whioh hai occupied so nviny days in the Centr.il Criminal . Court,' was brought1 to a olos.8, on tho evening of .February 4.,The acoused woro diaries - William, tee' Webb, Lionel Holdsworth, Thomas Berwick, and Joseph' Stansfield Sean, and. they .stood, indiote'd^either as prinoipals or accessories ; befjrethe foot,'for bavin*, oo'tho lotfr'óf- Jnne -lait, otat'away and dettroyed, Ibo ship Severn on (ho hi^h sen«, with iutont toprejudica and1 defraud the owners ! ? and .underwriters. ..Jttr¡. Justice. Blaokburn'occupied I three hours in summing up,'and theil thö" jury after I only:j,half aa - hour's. deliberation, found all .'.the prison ers ".guilty,'!, recommending Demi to mer'ov, ! Toe learned Judge, in passing sentence,;'addressed: himself.'first to Huldiworlb, ' who he felt »ure hi! knew perfoptly well from the rlrst that the »hip ? was' Intended to be scuttled: -I'o'ibnöt heilere, his lord-j ship said, that you coujd bate done so (i. ev'procured; <he iniuranoe of ihe vessel) without being perfectly aware that yon were aotiug for', persons who sent' tbe «hip out that it "might bis" lóit, aa'part of a' . trade! whioh I am, sorry to bear, is,carried on io a co*«' »tder»blo extent,'.. Tbe ship was; sent ódt'to be ' loatj and y ju,' acting as' the' broker; must have" been -quité awaie.of lt.. As foryou, Berwick, tho evidence leads) olearly to the conilu.ion -Ibit-yo'ullwere :th6l pew a who sent oat the ship to be lost, ai p*rt of that trade] Moreover, the, .counsel for the prosecution bas Informed mo that there are other casei in 'whiob'"'you were j conosrned of ships having been - lost, . and there-ii evidence before-ns that your name and repute! among i he underwriters were saoh that you could not .have Insured the'ship ia your own; nome, and that it was con' [srqhently neoeasary for you to disguise your owner sbipjofit. ' I roust look, therefore, upon both yóar oases as' very aggravated ones, and not only did job attempt on enormous fraud upon the undorwrlters and. Involve SirC John'Tirio or his'insitrorii in a loas' of £4000, but yon* jeopardised tbe lf.es of the orew, because a »hip ennnot-be cast away ao aa to convey the impression that it iras lost through the perils ol tho' ssa without hazarding^.the^livcs<efilaU! oh board. Taking nil theao circumstances into account, sud cod elderiiifjfthat you were bo-h in a station whioh ongnt to have plaaecf yob beyond the Um'ptatiou-to comm Itt «ooh a fraod, < I. can i.p«ss.,'jno,i higher. senteooe upon ?jon j than twenty( years', penal servitude,"'.".ïuU, Webb, I do not doubt from tbe .whole of the atory, wero not a bit worse'than Leyland, and, indeed, not ? so .'bad,' bpt'. Ith** been' found nroesei'ry that he should ba permitted lo glvó'ovidence against yob and .should,'thus «capo punishment, i Oae. regret»(fb»t,ibut , aayón'r'were a.. pirty/to.the orirae, .and as lt, was yortr,hnnds Which, urtnmlttod the aol, 1 'must, piss opón1'you" a'eeùtenOi) of ten'years'ponai set vllude.'1 Wi th regard - ,'t6 you1 Dean,'! think tbeja'y exercised a proper dlaprlraiuttjqn In tb:ommeeding.y,o.u to meroy,.bntwbatyon didi's to; tho), bill, of ¡landing -.and. the^insii'ranoe 'for £1500 could not'háva beon"' ión¿ 'innocently. "ít'l'li'' q'a,,te. possible that1 Prlde.w'asoohcerníd in-thai (fraud,.and' had an Interest io it -wbloh ;he did not. avow, but.it! hr impossible, tbtt you could 7h»,v9, loot-your, iiame);to!the tranBaçtioawithou'i knowing' that lt waa fr'tudiilibt., Von we're however, no doubts ' Under the 1 ¡nfldéhóa ; of f our maater, .npd. considrrlriglh'e 'iobordii.ati'ppiltlon1 which yóu booopíed, ii 1» not neoeanry, tdipuni>b yon «o' severely as;ybuf »ccoomplioea,-i-)leel boqDd.to.ñaf». upoayon: aséntense ef¡, penal loryilude, but it,'will I be' for shortest term willoh, tbe ' lair. UUowS rh'eV viz'.'five iears. ' Iiis lordship; In diiohtrsibg'.tbejhry; temar'ted tbat there was no'fund from whloh.. any 'oomneniation could bj »worded them, and, it.¡was not-, proper that; 'they atou)d rop-i'O any pay mont,from t|h» prosecution, Blnoe it would-be eatti ig'» bad'preoedent v.ero juries to get an «thing from rho prosebatiob inHbe event ol a'convictiontakingphtde.'-:It» had,-however,' spoken to Hr.' Avery; Ibo Clerk bf' Arraigas, with a view to relieving them from-, any .obligation'to .servo ¿(jain for rix year?, and he believed that' tb is. arrangement .Would j ba'carried ont.'. ' ' ' ;-'">"-'-f "...'«> ?'"'. .' ) The Bev.' leaao f»v"tor.'ton oftte well'known writer of that name, haa publlitied » moat thrilling aoMttnt of tbe poverty bf his' Bethnal Greerr pariah,, peopled by starving silk-weavers, dtéoeodante of tbe. Protestant French refugees, who settled ia SplulBolds'. V HWo 1« one of, his. sad stories"" (he 'ii tpeaklh'gbf '.'children's; trades ?) '-7',' A morig these trades the foremost, perhaps, ' is'the manufacture'of luolfor boies..-u'or this work tho paymoDtlis'twopenco farthing per gross, or, thirty-two . boxoa for one >i»|f-peeny, ont of¿whio> sum' thé'llitle' Ubonr.n haye to f)od their own apaste.' The other day I took upó» my' knees a' llctlat girt who: is; employed In this manner. .;. Bhóí'<told- me she;.waa ¡four ¡ jeara/ bldiv Her - soother,/said i. thp , ohlld had, .earned, her.: own : living ever, »ince,, abe ¡was three jrears sf age, Tb ls infant. now' P>'akts raver») handred, botes every 'day of ber life', and her taralinga suffice to pay the rent of the rblserfcbU» room' which the' family Inhabits; The poorl!ttle;woman',:as might be expected, Is ¿rave and sad beyond ,htr years. She has .none of a oh j ld'a vlvaolty., She dooe net teem to know what play means. Her whole thooghts are-centred'in'the eternal round of luclfer-boi malting, in whioh.her)whole ifs ia p»af«y¿'1 She bas never ,been beyond' the .djngy; street in wlitch she waa born- .She haa peter,so muon as teen »|tree, or a: daisy, or a blade of gran.' ApooViiokly little thing, »nd yet » sweet obedient'ohild, tbe'deaa'ly pallor of her face proclaiming, bnmiatakkbly that,the «ill eldon be tserolfolly taken away to . 1 better! world, .where »1 leal tl tho little (Weary finger» »ball be at reit. And this is,only,»ue -casb out of scores and h undada.',' !ít la raid that there Waa a paper lo OlnoinoaM ¡«blnh ira« rerymuch^gl.Tbo,to ''hlgb-falatha'1 cn, the,subject of'J thia grea^country, ., unlTl,«. rival paper' somewhat modified Tts pootfnuar bonnee'with'tho (Allowing bur le»f¡ue,/'":ThI. le'a "glorlobs ebontry I lt ba* longer river's and moré Of ahem, ánd they are .'muddler and deeper, and run faatir.'ahd r|ae higher,'and mako more noise and follower, and do moredamago than,any body elao'a ri Ter«.' 'It has' moro lakes,'"end t hoy aro bigger (¡nd deeper,'and o]»arer, snd 'wetter than thbae^f any oiber eotlntryJ I OurrtlUcaSre are blggir, and run fatter and ipltoh off itbo track! oftener, and' ; killi more people than, all other rall-o.ra in Ibis and every other oountfy. Our steamboats carry bljjger loads, aro longer ? and.'broader, buist their bollera' oftener, and sind up their passengers'.hlg-bér, and Iiis Oaptalna awoarhurdor tban atflaniboat oaptams In sb* ether country. Our men are bigger, and longer, and, tblokerj can fight! harder' Înd faster, drink; mor?)mean whiskey, «hew more bsd obaoco', and sjlit more, 'and spit .'further thári 'lo any other oouritry. Oar' ladles' are Haber; prettier, > dress flnerv* spafad..inoro! money, ¡break, i«norev hearts, wear' bigger i hoops, shorter 'dresses, and k'ok. hp the dst ll generally to n greater ettent^han all other ladles In all other ceiintrlei. Ourobiltfrori squall ''lo'uder.-g'rbiv faster gel too Expensive for their'pantaloons;'sad become '.SO yrárai old sooner! by'some: months tthiu ady|other ohUdrea.of «ny, otheroopfltryop theosxtb.''. «.¿»-I ¿«I ' ill! r.u't'MI. 'I,...li O.il ? ::.tji.it fill "le wi.ii' . nu -.,¡"11 ??> > >.'.. ¡?''ii ff.«- H.,-! .vi. ????i.,' ,.i ,-r , :?'!,;,".'. :dt ci J UL-i" t'lJ'iii.-.i. ';.. v;. '.' J Tn« ATLANTIC YAOTIT RACK.-The following. In .rerwonoa to tba lon of tb« iii men of tbe l'leotwlng's crew, ii furnished hy oar special correipondent nt Oowoi i- I was anxloui. properly (o_ uacler«Und tho. olfoumttanoes of the terrible oisualty whloli, on the 19tb, In mid-ocean, deprived her. of two iub- offioere und four. Beamen,, . Of . oouree theso. aooijlonte oeoar to tho largest vessels, and wo rosy yet learn that the lime dreadful storm depoiited many a storo of gallant livra in tho ocean caves. A more experienced and In- telligent officer than Captain Thomas It would havo bern difUoult to find, and to lils croat experience and Ihtelllgenoa tho.owners sro Indebted that tho Floet wing was not strowol about io apara on the IO tts of Deoembor, considering- her frailty and the teiriblo nature of tko storm. -81111, I meit say1 scmotbln^ more about this ~ oookplt.. I bolle ve that several experienced mariners in Vew York looked anon the open box In the slorn.of the vonni as ber ark of> safety, f-nob, bowevor, waa not Captain Thomas's opinion ;:he bad again and again .urged tho owners to tmve it filled up before he had consented to take charge of tho vessel. After hs bad done sd lhere was no timo for the .alter- ation.,.Tho henrietta , and the Vesta'owe their good fortuno to the fact that, they epqld batten" down evory-.' thing, and that the heavy seas might roll off ns quickly as they rJt led on. but'thia basin In the stern of the Fleetwirg held tuns of walon' ,Tho meit on vy^t'li,1 wlm h«d «ot into it for' safet.v "5nt-out 'with ,!ihe .waVcs" into'the ooo ir, when sha rod« the next «os, and were prooably ball * milo from tho.y adit before 'the lola was known. Ten minutes bofore,. (Va 0«ptain himself/ was In-the cockpit. -His loss would have been' tba> certain, lois ,of vessel arid' nil,' so that there' is great . enuso for . thankfulness, that It was no worso. : The oookplt In sotmill.a voisol is a ter- rible blunder, and it certainly was not proved In this Iiistinoe to' be) 'a barbour ;of refii'gs. ',' I need- eoarcoly' tell you that the terrible: acoldent.tbrew a gloom over. Captain ..Thomas' and the reit of his-crew ¡ tba mon were lrlghleire3-aTjd~dispIritod; ,-It-was of oonrse necessary that they >hoo!d work' alt tho harder, but it was with great cliflloultjr- '.,.'they .could ,be: ikapt.to their duty at-all,-The Fleotwing-of-conrso lost 'six hours in heaving to, in the'falnt hnpo that soma of the lost hand« might bo rescued ; but Old Neptnno had very aurtdj secured bis yxoj. All mutt '.admitías I observed yosterday--that thia accident, and the'pro viousone on the IStb, whioh .parried away tliejlb stay band from the storn and proyou'od h'et ' oa.rj lng sail, will account for Ibo'fact tbat tho Fleot iring only best tho Vesta'by »few hours.-New York Trlbnue. . '' Two "GHOSTS."-The Dundee Courier «into» that lwo " ghosts" hate lately, been , aeon.at Droughty ! Ferry. A young rain, a painter, took" it'Into bia hoad j to don the .' whites/', ;but. vrheoy trying to frighten! peoplo in Seafield, he waa caught by a, young man, who/only relented tho' "'gho»l"'on hft'giVIngr0 hi» -pro» ' per nanto and address, ài>d promising to ,b«b*ye.'. Jbotjor in future. Thootber cate was that of at female- ene bf j our fisher heroines- who bad . become smitten withal lore of the romantic Disguising bertelf.,wtth ».white ebëoi, she stood motionless in 'an alley' near lr e sta beach, about ll o'olook.at night.-\ A woman happened to look.out of the ddor at (bat time, and ran shrieking into' the house,'declaring jb«t ' there w*s "something awful aboot to bappOD, for she had aeon a "ghoat" a certain presentiment'1 that . something unnatural was "to-" bofall - them.-.Her-bueband -laughed at what he' considered her ercitod fanoy, -'and Went tb the doon (tak'nff care, howevor, to arm himself, with,1 a.ppker.) '^Vfletv'hé. had reaohed.tbe door, ba i alto'felt awed.for- a; moment by .the strange, spoetable whioh presented - Itself-lo. his 'eyet;..butj gatberiog "courage, ,he, went cautiputty foi war«". Still the " apparition*''-mbVed Bot-'out'df its place; and it was only wheat tho man-with uplifted poker, was about ta-atrike./ifi order tq.'aeeVwbether, lt .was « r carnal oraf spiritual beleg that stood.befoi'e him, that the"ghoil'[ proved'to bi an1 iubabitant of earth ' by bursting into a hearty' hmjgbV -1 Th» ieqoél' ls sobiijpld., >' ThMyoüng woman-tUted that the bad aaaume<rhe,r strange attire for the'.purpose of. frightening-) a. mpa(|¡ririg (nV'tnb same »Hey, abd who, aha said,, bad boem.drlnlçihg^n'rJ for several 'days. ' Tba'poor worn tn wháü'rvt aaw the. " -rhott''' bad1 ' her feeling« ' soon allayod.by bonrertiog with her supernatural guest (apo .to,fabe; ,rr--1 -.-^ti i ! ¡ - ! The paúoe bf Dunfermline,' ara'agnlGcérit'rtiiri, hts long been1 included In the park of Pitteuerleff, belong-: lng to Mr. Hunt, whioh aojólo» tho (town of; Duuieftn 1100." :By..»; repent,¡deoltíon of the .^Hoiiee of.Lords,' /however, reviewing a,Jong llttgttlon in' ihe'Booloh .courts, it'bas'been declared that boin tbs building and 'the grounds surrounding it are ? Crowni'property.'aad form nb part of Mr. Hunt's estate.: The-inhabitants' of iDanfermline aie »ow, very anxious ta know how far' . they aro to benefit by the decision. The'Sdottman taye': I On a recent Sunday al tërnoon the impatience which baa arisen elnoe1 the decision of . the House of ? Lords to obtaia the.frails of what is regarded as a victory ovor :tbe .Laird of Plttenoi-leff, manifested itself tn a sonie ? wfce,t' nnpleaaaot and questionable form, A number of .boys forded open the lbdi>e> gate nt the St.katherine's street ' entrance to tho ruins, and very soon the palace grounds were ocoapied by a disorderly crowd, who did .not leavef th» plaoe without doing aomo mischief. A i s umber of. boy« ol i m bod upon the ruins and the tresa .'.urroundlng thurn. A bamber of yáóng trees »nd ; shrubsn" were' . brokeii 'down,' »nd the' ;iu»» rauders, 'made bold 'by impunity,' crossed tho bridge tto;Pittencrleff.park, and proooedo*. to ;tlie .house,.whioh is at present tenanted only by Mr.- Hunt'» gardener, the prop letor having preferred for s'orne time o residence on his'estate of-Logie.--The'inmates of I the bouse were muoh annoyed by tbs intruders;.:who -we're moa Hy "boys arid yeing men) shel, it wa», with some .difficulty ' that. itho;pl»oo cleared, ^,A-,airoila'r démonstration,' though''on,:»' smaller' scale;.. being alte'nipted on' Monday; lt was found neoe>si¥y'to'oäll lu tho police, abd the grjUnda have ilnoo, boen proteoted .by the.óoaótryoonttabalary,1'! : ,.<! . i: ' ' " J The anclen t'trib tao whic'h:w»s 'tn be restored to its former place in the French Chamber of Deputioé hts, after all, been oonsldeted too, dangerous. According to the latest orders!a_ now wooden ono la tb bo erected instead of the old marble rostrum connected with many historio»! memories; II onoe atcod in the room of (the : Five Hundred, and its bia-rellsfa colong to that great epoob.i Theas bat-reliefs.oonnl.t of two female flgurta. the one representing Iii*tory In the edt of writing,1 the other: Glory blowing a trumpet. Before each of these figures . ..Gallic'cock spreads ita-wings, »nd iii the middle there is seen ? small slur with'» Janus «»nd, Orcr'the »Har is tba figurebf Liberty. The b«s reliefi ara the work of Leroot. .'Over the inscription "J. J. Lernet fielt An. VI." th«, date 1798 has been engrkved at a.lattr period. - When-the ISth'Brnmaire oloaod'thli lille of tbeTive Hundred the rostrnm dlaappoaredjlntc the collar»; but . the arohiteot.''wisely labelled ¡caer, marble peo», io that at-tba reinfection of " Patll». mentarlem" it was easily- restored. .Under .tba July Government the tribune '.was placed in the new ball o: the Chamber». During the republic of 1848 tho'Con atltuent »nd Legislative Assorhbly met In the Selle di Oarton^ io balled on »ooounb of itsi háving'1'hurrledl: been sreoted in the. pour d'Honoeor .£ tbe palaoo After tho coop d'etat the Legislative Body »as ten back again tb the former Chamber of Deputies, am tbe trikun»|bss onoe more been dismissed io. the billa -again carefully labelled. ,ll wit only'allowed to sei tho light again (or a very brief time).a few d'iysj agc Jn . th»'.midst of its rroonetrooUon M.' da Joly, th aiohiteot, suddenly received au order from the Tuilerie to atop. It,has now, for the third time, gone under grouad. For how long f j . . .Tba correspondence relative to the proposed anion c four bf the seven provinces of British North Anieric has been presented to Parliament,, and Inoludee th resolutions" in f»voar of confederation that have bee: .dopted by1 tho gentlemen' from! 0:m»da, New Drona wloit, and Nova scotia who ba»»', bien sitting'of late » . tba Weatmlnster Palana Hotel, apel upon whioh it i nnderatood th's róbeme lo be 'proposed'.by the InJperla ' Government in the prêtent teaalon- of 'Parliament wil bo based. The pleb, of confederation whioh lt no» found practicable la much leas,.imposing thin tho whioh was eontemplated two year» ago. 'It does no embrseo »11 tba' provinces 'bf tho'Atlatitlo seaboard nor British Columbio. Newfoundland »nd (Prion Edward's 'Island v hare seht no- delegate to England, and th»' new Confederation will only In elude i Nova Scotia, New Uronswlok. and tho Canad»! In 1804, when tho leading Canadian polltlclaaa forme a ootlltlun Government, «ho varions maritime provino* were negotiating with one' another', for a olotè anio among themselves for, the fortheranoo of their dommp Intarestf, ; i The inlroduofion of,,» larger'aohem originating at Qaebto,- fouuded on a proposal tb anna th» marítima provino»» to Canada' frustrated tl design of th« -smaller and moro-praotlcable unie towards, which tbe Atlantlo prov)noe« wore nalnrall tending.,',Hie.new coqfeder»tion bas not absorbed . tho element» ot ibo defeated »oheme, but it matt, lt said,: either prov» so inocetsfnl ai to" draw Newfouni lafed and PrlnoeJCdwald's"¡Island into Hat some fata time, or . provo a btrrltr to , tho realltatlpn of nunton dlDtated-. b/i,nady conilJoratloni of policy ai lotereaU . ,-, I BOOK i or FICTION* roa OIÍILORBI».-"Tho mind of ? child," Bail» wise thinker, "ia lilia tho acorni Ht powers «re folded np, Hie» do not yet appear, bul they «re all lhere. Tho aomory, the Judgment, the inven» Hon', theTeolIng bf " right and wiong; are al 1 In -lils mind, orou of an Infant just born. Ono br one they awake." Hit Imagination-one' of tho earllost powera that awaken« within him, oven before, he ha« passed through the mysteries of pap and found out that hoing. naughty differs from hoing- good-must be' fed. 'Ana '. fed it will bet either on tho make-believe talk af bis sister Mary nursing ber doll, the Jilla stories of Ilotsy, tho nursemaid, when ho is naughty : about '" boaey " and the ''blaokman" who carries off bad boys; or abont the golden fairy who Is to give him tnfley and gingerbread-whin ho is good.' 1 By'nnd-bye, na he grows older, his sister Mary roiili to him, and nt last be learns to road for himself, the charming.adventures of the " Fox and tho Crow," » Billygoat GrutT.'i ''Sinbad the Sailor," or 'Diamonds and Ffcarl« ;" the ? delicious . history ..of ; "I*uis in'' 'Boots," tho tragedy of "Blue Beard," or. .the.', boroio-, drama of "Jaok tho Giant-killer." But whioh eror of these,' or o hundred' other such delightful pages, it be, his faith is boundless, Harples't of mortals, "for » limo at least, hoditnbellaveall.be reads ¡' with tho one happy ' proviso. that If H is not ,trnr, it ought to be, ay,'and is, boonnio his 'slater esy* so. VVIiile.be is absorbed in tho mlefortunoa of tb« ("'rin SplJier" or the " Ugly Biioki" the breakfast bell Jsunheird, and' dinner nuheedeil ¡ hs-Is, feasting in {Dreamland, On stirabout tn the Giant's Oa«Me,-or ont ¡those famous oheoscoakes of Q leen Sobebortaa-lé,'whose 'fatal oliarm was n'pps.v Kot that ho ls forgetful of Ifaof, oven ...while'mi trie full pursuit ot fiction, fndosd bs'is always barning for fuoti. . Ho wishes' tb'know whit glass i<, where Rohlnion Crusoe was burled, how mucb£ 'gold it take's tó' make tbe i> sido of.n watob.i why. tho sun sets latrr in June than Deoember, what thnnder is, If:, the end af the rainbow touohej the' ground, why firing off a cannon ono» made» man deaf, what sago ts, and'a thousand other' things, wliichpapa, not. bolaira-' walking,enoyoloprodi«,, is not always' ready to toll him; And whatever ai.swor'bs oah obtain', 1 ho'll rendv to be Hove Impllcltlv, as long-as-he ia dratt fairly with. Yet, thnugh,Sr. George and-' the ".Dragon, Ali Baba, and Roblnsori'.Cruaóe, aro in ono sense as trno to'him ai the History of England, (hero ore shades and degrees'of bellefin his own'mind both as reg rds tba' domains' of faot .and.flotloD, whiob ho oannot perhaps deOn-?, and* of 'whloh'ho ii lOAroeJy sensible,' yat on' which lie unconsciously sots so tiing eáoh narrative or story, tat« dr fable' romande or'ohroniolo,1 li) its own due plaoo, and .giving to onoh his. own roy.il favofcr and sound health is- insatiably; curions*, bis thirst for..fletion of one shape or other li quenchless ; and if ho never aiks . questions., and cares, nothing,'for " Jaok and .tbe 'Dean-stalk,?'. or " The Lad i who wont' Iq.'tbo Nortji AVInd.'J tbero ia 'a sorew. loss* aomowhere or other j ha iain à morbid,' unhealthy atafe of body or, mind, pro >bablv of both j bis natural growth and faites; as1 notllld are becoming stunted and dlsaaied ; forced, into,some narrow, petty . channel,' where . Ignoraooo or bigotry wt 1 soon blot ont tho freshness, grace,and,light, that are 'ohlldhood'a most prooious po«ieaiion,r^QuarterIy Review.' -'" '",''.. :.'..'-. v.-. -,. -, .-.,".-. o "COAL »rtok "ABUOAD.-A Mué book has'been Iisoed oon'aining tie reports whloh . hara been reaei ved from searetarlea. .Iq , various British embutí» . »nd lega- tion! rsspeotlng taVproiptctvof, » supply, pf, ,«óal from .broad,. , Tba prêtent retnrn inoludea - report*.from Austria,' Baden," Bararie,' Belgium, Uracil,-'Fraooe, rraula; RneiU.i Spain, tba United States, and the Zoll Verein. Io 1654 thé production of coal in Austria amoniited io '83,233.965 owl., si-larger, quantity tbau had lorsr, boen produood ia ,any .priirloiu .year.' '. In Baden,throughout the year. 1865,,'thero'were ¿raised ?15,000 ton«.1 "In ,tbe same year-Bavaria produced 435,602 tons of brown and alone ooal, et a'valqarjf £141,301. The number bf.workmeo omploted in the minea wa« S832. .On,'tb« ,31 it of Deoember, 1665, . the number of collieries,in Belgium' ,was ¡2fl7'i'tye amount of ooal obtaiued waa-, 11,840,70» tors, nt, a valne. ,,or. :. 123,896,178' frAnes. , The ...Broalllan Government ' annually , importa.',; upwards,1 of 20O,OÛ0> tons ? ? of ¡ coal for gai . and," 'iteim parpóles; at about 45s. per' toni but it ils anticipated thatiwhen tba,Gandióla minea, aro opened there wiltibe ample suppliée for . the wants of the country. .Prince, in' 18-15, produced1 -11,997,053 .tons',,.,end imported 7,108,286 tons; of wbioh 1,493,316 lons ware imported from Great Britain.' Every year show« »a Increase"of coal': eonaumptlon in that country. Pruisia is rlbb in mineral fu»l, aspeaially in very good ooal*. - The work* lng of tb« coal pits is rapidly and continuously lilarea«« ing.-'No ooal ii exported from Koisia, whtoh il sup- plied In a great degree from othor countries, promin- ently Great Britain. Daring 1663, the latest ^date from which itatiitloJ n'o «upplleJ, the atiil' produce of Spain assountod to 401,397 tons, .Ko ooal li exported from that kingdom. In the year ending Jana SO, I860, the produce of tho Uoitod States was 2 >,âo8,aaj ton", being an lnoreaie of 3.447,049 tons as compared with the praTlons year. It had b««a estimated that, tba oapaoity of the Pennsylvania mines alone ls folly equal to 30,000,000. tons-o year. In nina counties of the atato of Miseoari there are about 3500 mile« of ooal lands, wbiob averago I a mean thickness of sloven feet, 'Professor. Snealowa computation makes ont 38,000,030,00'i'ioDa of ooal'in tl ese nine oountlei. Ja forty - counties',of- the lame state thero ia said to he sntDolent coal to last 3000 years of 300 working days eaob, If-antATerago of 10^.000 tons were mined every day^-Profouor ltogers-has eslimated.that tho.Iiliaola coalfields ar« 'six tl »ids ai'extensive as those of Groat DriÜiq, i abd it would 'jlak* loO.OJu voan'to'eihunit them. ;- In, the Zollverein, during the year 1863;thera war» fl?l'odlllen at wdrkj!employing 90,501 miners. Their 'united produce ' wai - 838,lC-4,153 oentnera/and thelTatuééf tháiBÓal raise'] [was, in thai-r«; 2*,it9fo&8. Ibis waa an increase over tim retorné of previous yeats. An appendix to the . blas book contains report« tit a ilm.lsr oharsbter from the governors of British Colom- bia, Falkland Islands, Mauritius,: Newfoundland,¿New Sooth Wales, ¡and Kaw Zealand. In none of tbeie waa ooal in any quantity, with the exception of New South Wales, whsre thia valuable mlnetal is described aa abounding. ? The exports of ooal..from tlie colony sra extensive; andaré rapidly i»crea«inir.- Homo Nowa. Í Tba eommitteo of, the Mansion-honie, presided', over by the Lord Mayor, for tho relief of tho present dis- tress In-the east or London, baa ?? oolleoted lundi ,to the «mount of upwards oí £13,001),, the greater part ot which eura bat been expended in granta to be dlipensod i by looal dlstrlot oommlttees v. beiidei which, many ap- plication-wore attended to'at the Mariahn hons». Tao East London Central General Reliai Committee are now ranking house.to.houie- vis'UlloQi, through 13 dlitrlit oommlttees, among . pqpula'l 'n qf 13 l.'iOO, la the parlihes of Bromley, Poplar. Millwall, and Llhiebonso. The weekly retorne from six districts last woek give 3OO0men, woman,.and children relieved, at' a.coat of £711 odd. Tbs-working population aro mostly iron- workers, shipwright), J tiners and dook la^onrers, Lut Îear's poor rates wera from ' 8t-to 6«. In tho'hound, ho,lum rolled by.looal oQorli for the reUof.ot tho preralllng distress la £3008.i .Tho .distress, la tho- opinion of those resident, 'in tho' dis» 'trlot, ' Is likely lo ; Int ,two or; three , months. Several shipyards and tba works nt the Millwall Iron Company are entirely oloiel, and the distrais ctn only be relieved by a re urn of trade to those q'lartetp. At Deptford,out nf a population of 37,00(7,, about,15,009 are nid to be in drep and lnng oontinued dlstros». la St..Mary's, Rotherhftbr, there is a population of about, S5,OU0, from tha Bsrmendsej boundary to Dept ferd and Oamberwoll boundaries, two-thlrdi being of tho labouring olasies, oed about 4000, chli'flv deck and wharf labourers, are out of work Mud In distrait, Dor« lng. the last fortnight a loaal eommitteo has distributed onwards of .1000 -loave* of bread and about 80 J gallon» bf soup, besides coals and grocenoV, lt appeafs to be a general onlnlen that tba die ress,-, thongb lessened hy- the frost subsiding, bas neon,for months to a great ox« tout chronic, from a variety br caoies, but e.tpeolaily from tho oommoroinl panie of laat-year and the odsia- ?. lion'or slackening ol many branohos of trade and on tarpila*, , ' , ' '.' ' ' '.' ,-; . ilr. Harris, the breedor of .tho.,ox whloh'.''jron tho Smithflold Cup, hie- published, in the. Binffshlro Journal a dobtor-and-erealtor aooonnt of the career of that anlmil. 1 It originally' oast £671 Ht expenses ab the London and invernéis' shows anidunted. to £10, and ita keep from Beptsmbor, 1864, to Utoember, 18G6, at 7c. Cd. a week, to £44 Cs.) in nil £11J Ss. Against, this outlay Mr.1 Harri« plaora prixoi to the amount of £0 10-, won nt Forres, whtoh is within a few milos of Mr. Harris'tarm, Karn-bllli of ,£8 woa at Inverness, and of £*5 won In London, whloh/added to £70, the pr'aa to the butcher, Just leaves a balance of f.\ 5i, In favour of the breeder, plus the honour «nd f[lory of feeding the best ox'of tho v*nry the Illgb and Booltty'B silver modal, tho Smlthllold Cup* (valued at £40), end, another ,oup given by a onttle-foed maker, also won at titulthfla¡d. Mr. Hnrria, in reply to tho observation that 7r, Od. seems a small Bum at willoh to estimate tho weakly keep of a prias ox, do . clares that hu la ready to keep any ninnbor.of oxen nt thal coil, provided.tho aidinals are at least thirty momba old when they ooma Into hit banda. 