DISTRESS RELIEF MEETING. \- The Distress Relief Committee met at the Refreshment Room of the.Town Hall, on Tues day, the 12th—Mr. W.;K. Thomas in the chair. There was a full attendance.: , .Mr. T, Graves, on the part, of the Sub-Committee appointed to enquire into the circumstances connected with the'Mount Barker contract, said they had gone very carefully, into the matter, hearing the evidence of Mr. Walker on the one side; and of a; number of men-on the other; and, in order to satisfy: themselves more fully of the facts, had deputed Mr. Glandfield; to. conduct an en quiry, on the spot. His report was read: and laid on the table, and .is as follows ' 'Adelaide, September 9,1867;. . " Gentlemen—In compliance with your re quest I visited Mr. Walker's contract (Chaun cey's line) on Friday iast, and have to report that out of. the jnumber of men, employed1 questioned about 60.. They were all very, civil, and with one . or two .exceptions , gave, their answers in a candid and straightforward manner. The following is the information obtained from them, which I believe may be relied upon . ."The average amount earned by the men engaged iny-raising and stacking limestone (at 9d. per yard) was. 5s. 5d. per man per day ; the highest being 7s. 6d.,' and the lowest 3s. 4d.. "In breaking and spreading (at 18s. per chain) the average.; was 4s. 9d. per man per diem; the highest being 6s., and the lowest 3s. " Breaking (at Is. per yard)r-^There were only three men. at . this work, , two of whom assured me they were only earning 2s. 6d. per day, the other said.he was making about 4s.: ;-t they com plained of the hardness of the stone. . Carters and tillers and the men,employed forming the road are paid 6s. per day. "I ascertained that nearly all those earning the lowest amount of wages were unaccustomed; to the work. ; . " After hearing what the men had to say I went to the office,of Mr! Walker, who at once iallowedme to exanune his. books, whic^ fully.) corroborated the statements made with regard to the raising and stacking; but with respect to the breaking, andspreading I was unable to obtain confirmatory,.evidence, the work not having been measured up. \ " On enquiry the men; informed me they had no fault to find with the contractor, and they could get their money-when they wanted it. " Of those who went up on Monday week in the vans only five or six , remain on the works. Some tools wore pointed out to me as the ones; referred to by Mr. Walker in Adelaide. , . '"lam, Gentlemen, 'V._'. 'J/. "Yoursrespectfully, -t': ; : - ." E. B. W. Glabtdfiem). .; :" To the Sub- Committee for the Relief r-.} .of Distress.""" * Some discussion ensued, during which Mr. Jones explained the reason why-the m'enJex-: pected tobls when, they ..reached the ground." I He'had told them that the Surveyor led him to I believe that tobls would be1 forwarded in' the next van. TMr: Hales did not consider" that the report reflected in any way upon the working men. Ultimately the meeting adopted a reso lution thanking the Sub-Committee for their careful enquiry,: stating their ' satisfaction with, [the; fair statement-: Mr. . Graves had made on : the part of the . Sub-Committee, I but . .expressing regret ; that there had' been misunderstanding, as, to. the, provision of tools to ;the ..men on their arrival on the ground!. Reports by.theRevs... J. /Gardner,J S,,, Mead, Haining,: Lyall, Jefferis, Messrs. Colton, M.P., Darling, and several other -ministers and j laymen ; were, ' rendered,- and they, contahied statements.to the effect.that they-fiad;met mth; manyAeserying casesduring' ^their •iuMtfi'since' the last meeting, and had given reliefvarious' shapes. . It was resolved that ' no fresh cases of distress should be entertained by the Com mittee, biit that individual promises of reUef already given by visitors should be supplied. ?As soon as this is done, find funds coUected to -meet liabilities,.. .it is understood that the pro ceedings of .the Committee will be/brought to a.| close'. In answer to 'a question, the Treasurer said'the total amount collected was about £264; ixpended to date, £236; leaving in hand; a balance ;of .£28,.. After .votes of thanks to. the. Chairman PndSecretary, the meeting separated. The Two Ghosts,—Sir 'WalterScott'used ' tell with inuoh_ zest a legend of a man who ied to frighten his friend by encountering him < (• niidnight . in, a lonely "spot which was sup-'' >8edVtpVb^.: the .refcort .of a. ghostly" visitant.' e tobk hi's seat on the'Hkunted stone; tapped7 a long white sheet. .Presently,.to. his horror, ie real ghost; appeared, and s^t down ,beside, m, .with the oiniuous.ejaculation, " You are a ipst, and r-'am-a-ghost; letW cotiie.'closer and Dsbr* together.Arid closer and closer - the lost pressed, till the sham ghost, overcome ijh terror, fainted away.:—Edinburgh Review. John- Philip Kemble, while performing one. rening, was interrupted by a baby crying, and . nervous exciteirieht.be came': forward "to* the; citlights and.saidj" La'dies\\!and.geritlemen,^if ie tragedy , does not stop) the\fbaby caii't go; A. Ciheinatti photographer .caused^a slight? isation the'.other day/ by bolstering up a rpse on a balcony on; one, of the principal :eets, forithepurpose pf . takmg a [post mortem f trait. jj.-. J..; •',/ ,.. 