THE DUKE OF EDINBURGH RACES. [From our Melbourne Correspondent.! November 30. It ia said, and with no doubt much truth, that the Anglo-Saxon race require but small provocation to get up a dinner, the pet demon stration at home, and here, whether in the in. terior or at the metropolis, no opportunity is missed of getting out an extra day's racing, so that it is hardly to be wondered that the presence of His Royal Highness has been seized upon to improvise a meeting, and when the proclivities of the people to this kind of sport is superadded to the attraction of seeing a live prince with his suite, it is hardly to be wondered that the attendance to-day was beyond anything ever - seen before on the - Flemington ' Racecourse. The management, alive to the probability of a large attendance, had made very considerable improvements and extensions, so as to be able to accommodate the expected increase, and it was well indeed that they had done so. The day was beautifully fine, and the light rain of? yesterday morning, had sufficed to .freshen the sward-into" fine racing condition. Long before the announced time for starting the first race there was a considerable gathering- upon the bill; and as the public offices- and places of busi ness in Melbourne closed at and about midday, the attendance rapidly increased, until there was probably not far short of 30,000 pre sent on the ground. . His Royal Highness, accompanied by His Excellency and their re spective suites, arrived at the Grand Stand at 12 precisely, and was enthusiastically received, bowing his acknowledgment of the compliment. He appeared highly pleased with the gathering. - The Band of the 14th was on the ground, and played popular music during the afternoon. The racing was very fair; but the interest in the events of the day suffered from the eclipsing competition of His Royal High ness's presence, and_ there were many more enquiries as to which was the Luke than which was Sydney Tim. The interest in the Steeplechase - was much reduced by the bringing the: event down to the level of a mere hurdle race by the removal of the water jump, making the event a sort of sporting "Hamlet without the ghost," and one can hardly conceive that His Royal Highness will go away with a high impression of our "{cross country" accomplishments, if the best race of this kind that we can put before him is a mere hurdle, race, with an anything but difficult log fence and low stone .wall thrown in.. Otherwise the arrangements were excellent, and that energetic officer " of tlie Club. Mr. Bagot, deserves high commendation for his very credit able executive management of tbe affair. The " card" exhibited sport enough, as far as events were concerned, no less than seven races being in the programme. Mr. G.' "Watson performed the duties of Starter, and Capt. Scott acted as Judge. It is a mos t creditable feature of the affair that the multitude behaved themselves, and allowed His Royal Highness to enjoy himself without being mobbed to death. He was, I am happy to say, allowed to go hither and thither, smoke his cigarette, eat his lunch with a fev^ friends, &c.;, without being offensively and impertinently subjected to ultra loyalism or toadying—a freedom which he appeared to fully appre ciate, and looked much the brighter and easier for the absence of .the restraint which. the somewhat embarrassing solici tude and observation' to which he has been subjected has hitherto . rendered necessary. The tent, which was fitted up expressly for the royal and vice-regal party, was a very tasteful affair, On the table were a selection of the choicest pelargoniums and fuchsias to be seen in the colony at the present time. They were supplied from the conservatory of Mr. Hugh Glass under the charge of that gentleman's head gardener, Mr. Ferguson. At each end of the tent was a flower-stand covered with the choicest potted flowers in full bloom, also fur nished by the same gentleman. The wines supplied in the tent were expressly selected from the best of Mr. Scott's stock. _ The first event of the day, which came off with admirable punctuality at 12.15, was the £100 Plate; distance a straight half-mile. For this 14 horses started. Warrior got the lead_ at starting, but was passed on the post by Satellite, and the posting was as follows :— Satellite, 8 st. 13 lbs. (Walsh) 1 Warrior, 8st. 131bs. (Stevens) ... ... 2 Protection, 8 st. 13.1bs. (J. Bishop) ... 3 Time. 53 sees. It was stated that the Prince held £50 interest in Goyder's sweep oyer this race. The Hurdle Race, of 5 sovs., with 150 sovs.' added, about three miles,; over eight hurdles, brought out the following field:—Yorkshire i man, 10 st. 7 lbs.; Valentine, 10 st. 4 lbs.; Lady Clare, 10 st. 4 lbs.; Laurel, 10 st. 1 lb. ; i Surprise, 9st. 12 lbs.; Sir Walter, 9 st. 12 lbs.; Pyrrhus, 9 st. 7 lbs,; Messenger, 9 st.;4 lbs.; Baron, 9 st. 2 lbs.; Active, 9 st. 2 lbs.: Satellite, 9 st.; Maid of the Wannon, 8 st. 13 lbs.; Little King, 8 st. 12 lbs.; The Count, 8 st. 10 lbs. The fourteen got away fairly in ; line, but Satellite and Valentine led nearly together over the first flight. The second hurdles unseated four jocks, the riderless nags keeping the course as. though steered , by man, Little King actually leading for some time. The pace throughout the first round was ex [ cellent. On coming past the Judge's chair the ! first time the Lady led, Pyrrhus second, Count I third. Baron fourth, and Walter fifth. At the back of the course Sir Walter's chance was lost by his rider coming to grief at the abattoir hurdles. The race for the remainder wa3 be tween Lady Clare and Pyrrhus, and in spite of hard pushing on the part of Oallanan, Downs landed the mare a winner by a length. Lady Clare ... 1 Pyrrhus ... , ... ... 2 Surprise ...- ... 3 The Sapling Stakes, a handicap of 10 sovs. with 200 sovs. added, for two year-olds, dis tance, £ mile, brought out the following colts and fillies :—Fenella and Melancholy Jacques, 8 st. 7 lbs. each; My Dream, 8 st. 2 lbs.; Zouave,. 8 st.-; and M. Le Beau, 7 st. 10 lbs. La Beau took a preliminary run round the course aud delayed the start a few minutes. Little Briton got away with a slight lead, Zouave second. The melancholy party, however, went to the front at the turn, and held the lead, closely pushed byfthe Zouave. Fenella also tried a Chiffney rush when near home, but could not do the trick.' Melancholy Jacques (Stanley)..'. ... 1 Zouave (Griffin)... ... ... ... 2 Fenella (Davis) ... ... ... 3 Time, 1 m. 21 sees. The greatest interest appeared to centre in the Duke of Edinburgh Stakes, partly because of the heavy stakes—5 sovs. each, with 500 sovs. added, 50 sovs. for the second, and the third horse to save his stakes—and probably in many instances from the association, by name, with our royal visitor. The distance was one mile and a-half. Eor the evelnt 15 came to the start. In spite of lii3 carrying the top weight, Sydney Tim was all over the favorite; Bar won was also strong in public favor. The following were posted as starters:—Tim Whiffler (Sydney), 10 st. lib.; Tim Whiffler (Craig's), 8.st. 9 lbs.; Exile, 8 st. 4 lbs.; Cowra, 8 st.; Strop, 7 st. 12 lbs; Barwon, 7 st. 10 lbs.; Fireworks, 7 st. 7 lbs.; Woodman, 7 st. 5 lbs.; Toryboy, 7 st. 4 lbs.; Glencoe, 7 st. 3 lbs.; Oedric, 6st. 21bs. ; Sylvia, 6 st. 12 lbs.; Queen of Hearts, 6 st. 9 lbs. ; The Swell,-6 st.^Tibs. Lancashire Witch, 6 st. 4 lbs. After a considerable amount of fiddling at the start, the lot got away, Barwon talcing the front, Fireworks keeping good company as second, the rest sailing round well together to the hack of the course, where Tim's coxswain, Driscoll, put on steam and announced himself in front. Both Exile and Fireworks tried him hard at the bend coming into the straight run ning, but by a little suasive force, Driscoll put the Sydney crack a length in front, and in that order they arrived at the winning post. Sydney Tim (Driscoll) - 1 Exile (Waterman) ..." ... 2 Fireworks (Stanley) _ ... 2 Toryboy an indifferent fourth. Time, 2 min. 56Jsec. The Steeplechase, as it was by courtesy styled, followed—distance three miles. For this the following horses went —Banker, 12 st. 3 lbs.; Babbler, list. 7lbs.; Bondo, 11 st.; Benicia Boy, 9st. 10 lbs. ; Echo, 9st. 10 lbs.; Western, 9 st. 7 lbs.; Firetail, 9 st. 4 lbs.; Pondon, 9 st. 4 lbs.; Baron, 9st. 21bs.;; Gamecock, 9st. ; Black Bess, 9 st.; Woodman, 9 st. Mr. White head declared to win with Bondo. The favorit ism of the public before the start was about divided between Banker and Bondo. The water jump, the bele noir of steeplechasing, being re moved, despite the extra weight, perhaps Mr. Watson's horse was in favor; many, however, knowing what old three legs and a swinger Firetail had done pinned their faith on him. Western got away with a strong lead, followed by Firetail close up, the rest within speaking distance. Firetail. for a time got a lead, but could not keep it. Benicia Boy and Pondon then tried a brief lead. At the outside jumps Banker went through his horses, having been previously lying behind; and on coming round the first time Western led, Banker a close second," Echo and Babbler third and fourth respectively. Black Bess and Woodman experienced! a spill at the abattoir hurdles, . and with Gamecock were virtually out of the race in the first tour. Western held his way round, old Banker apparently " waiting on him," and on seeing the : happy moment Johnson spoke to his horse, -[and the laurels, which seemed likely to become the property of Western, again became a reversionary interest. Babbler, too, at this late stage made play, and if anything- had happened to the two leaders must have taken the sovs. As it was, Western in the straight led, and it was all over but holloaing, when" Johnson talked whipcord to the Banker, aud wifo— Banker (Johnston) ... ... ... 1 Western (Chiffney) ... ... 2 Babbler (Bowes) ... ... 3 Won by a head and neck. , The next event on the card was the Galatea Stakes of 10 sdvs., with' 250 sovs. added. Second horse 50 sovs.; third horse to save his stakes. Two miles. Seven started — Tim Whiffler, 9 st. 9 lbs. ; Cowra, 9 st. 4 lbs. Glencoe, 6st. 10 lbs.; Fireworks, 6 st. 10 lbs. ; Queen of Hearts, 6 st. 5 lbs.; The Fly, 6 st. 5 lbs.; Sylvia, 6st. 5 lbs. The two first-being 5 years, and the rest 3 years old. At the start Fireworks took the lead and maintained it throughout, The Fly and Tim Whiffler accom panying her closely. At the river side of the course Tim Whiffler, who was pulling to the front, ran against a post, and though he gamely struggled on, he was evidently hors de combat as to winning after the shock he had received. Glencoe and Fireworks at the turn .raced for first place; Fireworks, however,'left half a dozen lengths between them, and the result stood— . Fireworks (Stanley) ... ... . ... 1 Glencoe (Bennet) ... ... - 2 The Fly # ... ... ... . ... .... 3 Time, 3 min. 43 sees. * The concluding race was the Railway Stakes \- of 5 sovs. each, with 150 sovs. added. If entered to be sold for 200 sovs., 7 lbs allowed; ( if for 100 sovs, 14 lbs, Rip Tan Winkle came in first, an easy winner; L. L. second; and this Victorian Tim Whiffler third. This was a good race. The Duke of Edinburgh remained until the finish, and was loudly cheered on leaving the Course. The Duke expressed his great ad miration of our Racecourse, and said it only wanted foliage to surpass anything in the old country. { 