VISIT OF BISHOP SHIEL TO SALISBURY. On Sunday morning, the 23rd ult., the Right Rev. Dr. Sheil proceeded by appointment to visit Salisbury. When within three miles of the metropolis, he was met by a considerable number of the Catholic settlers of Yatala, and on reaching Dry Creek, their number was so largely augmented, that the escort attending His Lordship into Salisbury, consisting of hone men and parties in conveyances, was seen to ex tend to the extraordinary length of nearly a mile and a half. Hu Lordship, who travelled in his own carriage, was accompanied from Dry Greek by the Rev. M. O'Connor, the officiating Priest at Salisbury. On reaching the Catholic Church there (St. Augustine), ]£kss was cele brated by the Bey. Father O'Connor. After which, the Bishop addressed the congregation and candidates assembled for Confirmation, on the nature and necessity of that Sacrament, which was then administered by him to 34 males and 40 females. After Confirmation, His Lordship reminded the recipients of the Sacrament of the graces received and the obli gations contracted; that by it they were made strong in their Holy Faith, and valiant soldiers of Jesus Christ His Lordship concluded with an address to the people, complimenting them on their zeal in having reared so commodious a structure for divine worship, and expressing Jus trustto see soon a proper spire erected. Xne services which commenced at 11 o'clock, occupied two hours, the church being crowded iZZIftPT 0*- deputation, representing the Catholics of that part of the diooeerTw.. hen introduced to the Bishop by Father O'Connor, who presented to His Lordship the following address:— "To the Bight Rev. Laurence Bonaventure, Lord Bishop of Adelaide. The address of the Catholics of Salisbury and vicinity. My Lord— Deputed by the Catholics of Salisbury and its vicinity, wo the undersigned beg your Lordship to accept ou your first visitation to this Church, our filial homage and cordial welcome. GraUful for the sacrifice you have made in relinquishing for the salvation of our souls, that paceful repose to which the evening of a lifo devoted as youts has been to missionary labor may well aspire to. We tender to your Lordship in return our zealous co-operation in promoting the sole end and aim of your divine mission—the glory of God. That the Giver of aU good may endow you with every blessing, spiritual and temporal, That tbe efficacy of your ministration may be attested by the future lives of your flock, and that no word or deed of theirs may ever cause a pang to your paternal breast, is the ardent prayer of, "My Lord, " Tour Lordship's devoted children. "John Fitzgerald " James McCabe " John Murphy " Thomas O'Brien "J. J. O "Sullivan "Thomas Brady " Dennis Nash " Patt Ryan Walsh " Patrick O'Hanlon "Patt Murphy " Arthur Brady " Patrick Burke." " Michael O'Loughman His Lordship, in acknowledging the ad- i dress and the attentions that have been paid to him on the occasion, was evidently sensibly affected in expressing the gratification afforded him by so marked an exhibition of dutiful and pious regard for bis sacred office, and of per sonal respect, and still more so when referring with sentiments of encouragement and delight to the numbers that day receiving tbe blessed Eucharist, as leading Him to hope that tbe lan guage of their address might be realised. VISIT OF THE CATBOLIC BISHOP OF ADELAIDE TO MOUNT GAMBIEft. The Bight Rev. Dr. Sheil having announced I his intention of visiting Mount Gambier on Friday last, the 18th met., a large concourse of the Catholic community were preparing to meet his Lordship and to give him a heart? welcome on this his first visit. But man pro poses and God disposes, for Dr. Sheil was taken suddenly ill and deemed it advisable to proceed to the Mount as soon as possible, thus rendering it impossible for a public demonstration. His Lordship, accompanied by his Secretary, the Bey. J. E. T. Woods, and the Key. T. N. Hin terocker arrived at the Presbytery shortly before 7 p.m. on Thursday. On Saturday a deputation waited upon him, and the following address, which was printed upon white silk, and edged with fringe, was presented to him:— ; "To the Right Rev. the Lord Bishop of Adelaide. " We, the Catholics of Mount Gambier, take this our first opportunity to offer our heartfelt congratulations on your Lordship's recent elec tion to the See of Adelaide, and to testify the joy we experience at your arrival amongst us. j Your well-known reputation as a zealous and devoted pastor, and especially your election by the Holy Ghost to rule the Church of God as one of the successors of the Apostles, inspires us with sentiments of confidence that the interests of our Holy Faith will flourish more and more in your paternal hands ; and in confirmation of this we have only to glance at the many works in aid of religion inaugurated by your Lordship's zeal and charity. _ " Remotely situated as we are from the centre of the diocese, and notwithstanding so many years have elapsed since we enjoyed the happiness of welcoming our Bishop, we sin cerely trust that the labors of our faithful clergy have not been without fruit, and we will also venture to add, that ia attachment to the Holy See, and the respect and veneration that are due to the Episcopal character, we may not bear an unfavorable comparison with the Catholics of more highly favored districts. , "Praying that God may long spare your Lordship to preside over us as a Father and Apostle, and promising on our part the most hearty co-operation and filial obedience, we once more bid you a hearty welcome, and beg your Lordship's Episcopal blessing. " Thomas Hanan " Michael Byrne " Jas. Cullen " Philip Ryan " Thomas Bennett " Charles Fox." His Lordship thanked the deputation for tbe address, and remarked that every part was prompted by a, Catholic spirit. Since be had no personal claims upon them he accepted tbe compliment as paid to him in the capacity of Bishop. He was gratified at the allusion in it to the Pastor of the ilount Gambier Church, as he knew from personal observation that the compliment was well deserved, and also at the statement of their willingness to co-operate with him in any undertaking for the benefit of the Church. OnSunday morningthe Bishop, assisted by the Very Rev. the Dean and the Rev. J. E. T. Woods celebrated mass, and administered holy com munion in presence of a large congregation. At 11 o'clock he administered the sacrament of confirmation. The Church was crowded to ex- ' cess—people of all denominations being present j to witness the ceremony. Eighty-three candi- j dates presented themselves for confirmation, the majority wearing long white veils, which, in addition to the tasteful decorations of the Church, rendered the ceremony imposing. Over the altar was a scroll with tbe device " Welccnie to our BUbop," worked in green j leaves on a white ground. Tfia Lordship was assisted by the Very Bey. the Dean, the Rev. J. E. T.WoodSjthe?ev. J. N. Hinterocker, and the Rev. C. van der Heyden. Prayers were read in the evening by the Bey. C. van der Heyden. After which the Bishop delivered a most edifying discourse, in which he alluded to the fact of our Saviour being brought to the Temple by His parents, and reminded Christian parents of the solemn obligation they are under with regard to their children. The choir, con sisting of tbe school children, sang several hymns and the Litany. His Lordship expressed kiuiself muck pleased with the progress they had made, aa they sang in a manner which reflected great credit on their teachers and on the Rev. 0\. van der Heyden, who bestows much care upon them. On Monday evening, the Bey. J. N. Hinterocker preached a sermon in German, to a large congregation, including several of the leading German Protestants, who expressed universal satisfaction at the rev. gentleman's eloquent and instructive discourse, in which he demonstrated the unity of the Church. On Monday morning Dr. Sbefl, accompanied by bis Secretary and the Dean, started from Penola, from whence be will proceed to Hamilton. 