TWELVE, MONTHS OF MY LI^K [ritOM .ALL I -THIS YEXU. nOUND,] .... ,.. CnAPXER Ill.-r- (Continued.) ,-„ -. ? It was .one, hot evening when we wero;all, gathered, together under, an awning on the broad stops in front of the house, Mrs Hat- , teraick'a invalid chair in tho riiidst of our group. Nell liiid her arina i -round my Waiste, and Polly was on her. uncle's Ikriee. Nothing could bo ? more snug- and good than that hour ; nothing could bo more insanely, joyous .than I., Svas. At Pally's request, Uncle ^Iiirk told us me story or a patue. jh.o grew very grave, as ho always did lief ore spoakirig ? of sn'cli' -matters. ? He stared, smoking, awhilo at tho distance of; orange , horizon, anil purple wood ;. and then alight oamo into his eyo like tho gleam of a sword, and he began to talk. Pre sently we held'pur broath', for we were in the thick of theaffray.and.our attention was centred on one : solitary figuro in which- my excited fancy discerned my brother Blck. Life was particularly sweet to this young soldier ; the thought of home was tugging at his heart; strings. His eye ^as ori the foe, but he saw also the anguished face of his already widowed love; his ear was open to tho word of com mand, but it heard also; woeping farewells and blessings.. Hp,w,?hall I doscribo, this; story, , which made ns all sad ? E very thing sweet in tho world was striving to dim Ids steady glance*, and make a coward of him1 while lie' led ori his band to a forlorn hope and, death in tho. moment of victory. Ah, well 1 he, was cut, down. Tho shout of triumph was, snatched from his lips. Then came tho dying injunction to the friend, the moaning messages to her, and to her, and to himi the struggle for resignation, and again the pitifnl yearning for the loved faces, the sad groping in the dark for the touch of hands never to be grasped again. Oh the landscape faded away, the warm, clouds, the rich greeneries, the sleepy lake, imd the sun shono only on a red field of blood, and my dying brother Dick. I sapped from Nell's embrace, and nid^iriyself in my room. When had I wept before? The tears I' she'd then washed the golden idnst out, of my eyes that had blifided mo all these -veoks past, and I saw myself as j.was, untrue in ray heart to Luke Elphinstone. Much unusual joy had turned my brain; a little natural gidof had restored me to my senses. Great fear gave mo courage, arid 'I felt quito strong when I retiuiied slowly, down tlio stairs. The sun was shining through |he oriel window on ^he wido low landing aboyo the ball, aud, many colors were wandering blissfully about this nook, whicli was a sort of a lingering place for idle feet at all hours ;of the day, Mirny an impor: tant quostibri had been decided hero, aiidmany. a conyorsatiori hold, one gossip leaning against the carved corner of the banister, and! another sitting on the lower stops of the upp'er 3tair'.' ' Here was' Mark Hatteraick now, waiting for. mo'.. 'I did riot mean to lie! cruel,' Mattie,!'., he said ; 'it is such a.'eoriimon.stp'ry.' , ,My courage shook under the fervent contrition in his eyes. Myheavyhand lay in his! clasp.' I could see, from whero I stood, the hall and the open door framing a little bit', of lawn and golden sky. While I stood so, 'even as Mai'k HatteraicK's fingers were closing round mine, a ' figure appeared upon the threshold below,' and, Luke Elphinstories face 'came' between me' and the light. He1 had driven over from the Mill- - house with a commission frorn my father to fetch me home. It was all quite natural and right, and lie brought news which ought to have given mo pleasure/ Sylyiajhad arrived at last ; my dead brother's ahn'ost widow had come to pay her long-promised visit to neralinost sister; I:waB completely sphered. I put on iny bonnet without amurmur,'(Byerito my own heart. Major Hatteraick scanned the unwelcome messenger, coldly; and I shunned his clouded eyes as I said my hasty gPodbye.' '*' You will' return', you will return 1' they all cried, hanging' round riie at tho door. '??You must return,' whispered Mark Hatteraick, vehemently, as lie crushed my hand in farewell ; but I said, ' \No, no,' under my breath as I drove away with Luke, -,.,.!. CHAPIEB IV. ', . '. ,.' ; .'Eli, bairn, but yon's a lovely woman!' said Elspie,, as she hugged me , on the stairs. ' Hit a weobit fire in yourain rppm, and put : her in there. , She might ha' given ps a word: o' warnin' to have anitber ready.', j I-i had thought of that before, but . I had no timo ,to reflect upon, it now. It was quite late in the summer evening ; darkness was beginning to chase the yellow dusk from the passages, and there was a slight .chill in the air.; , . My room was shining with firelight when I entered*' and a white figure sitting; by. tb.e -hearth, the. faco. bowed down in the hands. : This was Sylvia ; but the picuro presented was so like the visiou of my motlior that had shocked mo so Borely some months ago, that a little cry broke from my lips. - Tho first motion of her hand of course dispelled the illusion, but my superstitious fancy associated thenceforth afoeling, of dread with my. first glimpse of Sylvia Ashenhiirst. A bli,the laugh answered my scream. , 'Did I frighten you,' she; said, ' sitting at yonr fire sido like a ghost ?' She was quite at home at once.' I.knew that sho was a good many years older than mo — four or five at least — but I was not prepared for the motherly manner which she assumod towards me from the first. Her sweet petting way was very grateful to me, who. never, had had a mother or a sister. ' Prptty, pretty Mattie !' said she, passing ber soft sum band round my cheek. 'Luke told mo you was small and plain, ? but that is two yeara ago.- . One does not see such bright oyos and. wanton curls in London. . You arc of 'a piece with the delicious whiteness and lavendar scent of your room, a perfect incarnation of the fresh, pure cpun try ajr.' . , 1 ..--.:'?-??. I drank this sweet praiao,', and received her warm kiss with delight, proud of winning ad- ' miration from any one se lovfily as Sylvia her self. But when I.had.tinie to think, I found my hoftd. spinning with, wondor. , J , had not known that Sylvia and Luko hadeypr met, ypt Bhb; spoke of him familiarly by his Christian name, arid two years ago lie had spoken to her about riie.' Arid I remembered slowly; when I waa froo of tho enchantment of her presence, that she was riot the sort of Sylvia I had looked to boo at all. From what I knew of her story, I had expocted s nne. one drooping and sad, who would require to bo cheored and clier^shed. I still wore my blade gown for my brothor, arid the Bobernessof spb.it whioh I lmcl put on with it; I had never quite shaken Crff:'';-Bnt Sylvia ookedand spoko as if the path from her tradle had. been one track of sunshine.. -L felt some indignation at her brightness till I saw her again.' ' She was sitting in tho parlour window with her back to the sun when Luke came in to breakfast ;tho next morning. She was dressed in a thick: white wrapper girdled' with- blue, and in fun had hung., some .ripe cherries pen dant from her brooch. The sun fell on the golden ball of hair on. the crown of her head, arid strayed' round with loving touches to the light ripples on her forehead. There was a - luxurious graco about all the outlines of her jfair soft, fuco. and splendid figure, ? aud much, picturesque feeling in her attitude. ' She fas cinated me with every look and word.' My father 'surveyed her over the edgo of his mohi ing p!tpor;'and I knew that it took him longer ithiUi'usualito ascertain tho exact price of yarn jfrom ,its coluinns, bocauHe Sylvia was sitting , there ;so iCharming., Ijfidgetted: about the break fast tublo, keeping iny faro to tl|o.,do,or that , I might see the riieeting between her aii'l Luke; It puzzled nib to think ' that he should: 'have known; her all this time and riot have fallen in lpvo with/her instead of ma. But when Luke came in thoro was nothing for jealous eyos to discern. There was a cool polite gr,eoting, afj;er which Sylvia sparkled the whole of br'iik 'fast-time. ; 'I had never soeri my' father so ?'amused before, but Luke was almost grim. Why, I kept wonrteriug, had he never men tioned her name to me ?. ? ' ? The whole .household was the better ef , Sylvia's coming. My fathor, who did not ofttii tako much hoed of women, was amused in spite of himself by her liveliness, which was ' never noisy or obtrusive, but had a knack of coming uhehinddulncss unawares, and tripping, iip its heels, to the, delight of everyone. ; .The ser vants,. fcho farin-laborers, even . the dogs , and cows, liked her ; for her pelting touch mes merised tho animals as much as her words and' smiles did human' beings. For me, sho amuued and bewitched mo from morning till night. ,1 thought the sun sbono on the .Mill-houso as it had never shone before. Only Elspie held aloof from her, and eyed her with distrust. ' Keep a sharp eye on Luke, Mattie,' said my old nurse, ' for it's my mind if himself were* far awa frae the Mill-house yon yellow-hairod: lassie wpuldna tak' the trouble to set the home ageo aB she's doin' !', No one else could havo venturod to speak to riie so, but Elspio had dried ray tears too'of ten not to know that she might ' say what she' ?pleased. I could not see with her eyes however. Indeed, I thought Luke seemed to havo conceived an uncomfortable dislike to Sylvia; and I more than suspected that she saw it. I chid him for it onb'day. My intercourse with him had boen so slight since Sylvia's coming, that I had to make an opportunity, by taking riiy hat ono morning, and forcing my escort upon him as far towards the mill as the wooden bridge. 'You might try to be kinder,' I said,*' lor Dick's sake!' 'For. Dick's, sake!' ,ho echoed bitterly. ?' I wonder if she reriieiri-' : bers whether lio had l'ed hair1 br black.' I was surprised at thisburst, for there had never jeen much, friendship between 'Luke ,and my brother. ..'In, Dick's time,' ho went onr^sho could speak to one without a, grimace. ' N'ow/t am sickenod . by her perpolual frivolity.' ' Youknowheria Dick's time, then?*' I asked; quietly. 'Did she' never tell you so?' ho asked in surprise. I said ' No, she had never told me anything concerning herself ;' which was true.. He colored up and was silent. I had never seen him guilty of a bliish before. 'I used to go with Dick to' visit her when I happened to be in London doing commissions ? for your father,' he said, presontly. ? : 'That was when I was a , peimiless - devil, just: apprenticed to the mill, whom Miss Ashen hurst does' riot condescend 'to reineinber1.' 'She- remembers,' I said,' ' 'for sho men tioned once that you 'told her I waB s'niall 'and ; plain.'1 ? ' Oh ! she recollects that,; does phe ?'. Jiesaid, with a laugh that had an, uupleasaut ring.* , 'Well, does she think .you answer -to the description, I wonder? She' did not expect tofind you1 an engaged woman, Mattie.' 'She does not know anything about that,' ; I said. M.Indeod, you have been so little at 'the Mill- : heuse since , she came, that nothing of the kind has occurred to her ; and.. I, have never madp occasion to tell her,' said I, blushing to ; think 6t the exceeding dislike I always felt of thrnsting the information upon any one. I thought that Luke would soe this and resent it, and I gave a. yery; troubled glance upward. , Bat lie was not looking at me. . ' Don't tell her, then,', he said, turning to mo with that narrow look across his eyes arid brows which often spoiled his face. ' Promise that you will not tell her till I give you leave.' ; .-I wasplensedtobe able to corriply williagly, for he had often found me stubborn enough, and just now I was trying to do my duty. I proiriisedori' tbeitripulso of the moriient, with out stopping to wonder about his motive. And yet, many a time aftor this, I ; longed to open my heart to, Sylvia,. and toll her all my trouble. I longed for some ono to mourn over mo, and chide me for wishing . that I was buried with my inolher iri tho Streamstown churchyard.' I longed to pour but the rbbbllion in iny heart, and bo answered by some other monitor, than the robukcB of my own conscience. ?-?' And 'still I was thankful on tlio whole to tho promisor I ' had given Luke for obliging me to keep my own counsel on the subject. I could scarcely have told Sylvia of riiy engagement without letting her know, or at least guess, my uuhap piness. . And whore would have been the use of that? Since for. my father's good I had bound myself to Luke lClphinstone, I was also bound to be a true wife to him, and, both for my own sako and bis; it were a . bad way to begin by revealing to a third person the i-epug- nanco with which my heart turned from the life that lay beforo mo.. For there was no es cape from it that I could see. , My father was getting an old man, and his health was fail ing; ho had never been the same since thoso days when ruin had stared him in tho face. His head grow confused now over the details of. busiuesa. Ho was ? nervous and UmprouB, , whore ho had formerly been bold and sanguine. Ho leanbd upon Luko; and as his 'powers fuslod ho clung to andipved, in his uridomonstrativb' wayy tho youth and strbrigth, tho industry and long- hoadedness, that carried his younger .part; ner from beginning to end of whatever under taking he engaged in. Ifolt this when the littlo book full of grini liguros, over whicli it had boeri his criatpm to poro with bnorgy ,-,lle livelong ovening, waB haridod over to Lake, while my father himself lay bdok in his chair, p.nd slept, like a man whoso ago was assured ,of easo, whoso house was well .proppbd, and. guarded, a,nd whose fireside was froe.of ,caro.. Ho dkeady' counted Lukb as his tiorii ;and iho he treated with indulgence ; for by mo he had gained; that son. . And; meanwhile the days wero lengthening,- tho ?summer deepened, roses increased and- multiplied,- and the hay waa sweet in the meadews.' i. 'My year was passing away. , .','.' . . That book 'of figures ab*ov-5; 'mentioned was an excusoifor Lulce remain ing in thve dining, room almost tho whole of ! theiongiight even, ings.. My, father liked hio, doing ;sp,! liked to rouse up now and agaiu and see tlie., younger, .' strouger rriari thus alivo l 'to the ' interests of business ; it was it sign 'of 'thrift that pleased bis eyes, just a3' his' Waking 'ears -were also chai^med by the recurr'enca of: ; the homely, monotonous purring thatjsoundcd..drowsily from tho distant beetling-house,,, )V.hpBe wheel 'turriell 'night' arid day.',' * Sylvia ,an-|' I wero busy cbntrivirig baby-cloihes:''fbr a^pboi^'woman in one of the coi,ta'ge3, and \ve radde 'tea for our selves- at an end window Sin tho ?drawing-room, . which, cominaiided a yiew-!-f .theanill-setllement, From tiionco wp ppuld see the sun setting redly -behind a hill covered with darlciiM, dashing tlio sycamores nbdr; n^ ''witli ru'ddy gold, hang, ing a lustrous 'haze ;' Over 'the'' little wooden bridgo;till it looked like a bridge in fa dream, and opening, up wonderful, chambers.} of color in the smooth deep ;tule .qf .-tho,, rive^. Luko sometimes came in for, a cup of tea. Ho and Sylvia'got on so badly 'together, however, that we had pleasaritor times when he' stayed away. At first I had thought she -Heeiiiedj bent on charminghim, as, it was heivnature to love to please, every one ; but her pfforts had been se cloarly thrown away, that of late 'sholiad given them up. As the timo went' o'rilier bright I spirits fell away ; slio' grew 'silent and! sad, sometimes even^' -''discontorited and I pettish; . she, censed,, to, -take- any: interest I in the things that at first had deHghtod hor. I thought sho was. tired of the dulnoss of tho Mili-h'ousb, and longed to got back to London. Nor did I wonder at' this; wheri'I,' who should ? havo loved the ;c Mill-house tts'my:iiome, felt tho chill of its atmoaphofo '?, even .in tho hot, bright , days of summer, . with -iSylyia's , com panionship. Outside all nature was gay ; fields ripened, arid' gardens flaunted with ' flowers ; j but within, the speir of niolarichbly- that bo longodto tho house never had hurig so heavily as it did now, when Sylvia had' been about three weeks our guest., .Gradually this conviG tion dawned upon me, tjiatwe werp.Tvorsenow, as we formerly had been better j. for Sylvia's lireserice'amongst' us. - ' ' -' - ?? One! day I had coaxed Luke into 'a promise to tako an- afternoon's holiday -from Wb eternal, plodding at the mill; and to give 'Sylvia and me a drive. W.hen tho time .came, we two girls sat waiting under the ; sycamores, bosido 1 the river.' Svlvia was more carefully dressed I than usual, and all hor gay spirits had revived. | Instead of Luke; however,' there canie a note, 1 saying that pressure of business preveritod his f ul- | filnnghi3 prpmise. Sylvia's eyes flashed as she | read the note which I gave hor. It. \yas addressed 1 to us jointly, and began, .''Fair ladies'! Sylvia 1 crushed'the paper' in her .band ari'd; 'tossed it | into tho river, then she threw off her hat and | lay back- in the long dry.grass; coYbring her 1 face with her shawl. Onpo or r twice I hoard a little moon como from her as I, sat musing on thostrarigerioss that had come Loyer Luke's bo haviour of late. He liad used to bo tbo watch fully attentive. Many a'r*' time' I ' had sighed, seeing him coming over the:; bridge/arid wished ,that.he;wc-uld leave me more, to' myself. Ha hail disapproved of many, of my -ways and fancies, and given much of his time to tho task 1 of converting mo to his own habitB^aiid likings. § Now,- when for Sylvia's' sake 'I : 'could have 1 wished him to boiiitlentive, he-shoWed no in- 1, torest in my proceedings; ] I' could not but think that this was owing to., his. absurd pro- , judice against Sylvia, and I, pondered, won 'dering what could have been the origin of this prejudice, which riiust have 'taken root long ago,- in the days when ho went'witli;m'y brothor Dick to see her in London. -1 5 thonght of his : odd desire that she should be '.-kept1 in igHor auco of our engagement, He oertainly was talcing especial carb that no action of liis should 'cause susx-icioiv to cross hor ' mind. It flashed upon mo now that perhaps he was looking for- - ward to bfealdng off that' ongdgemont, hence bis wish to keep it. secret, opd, the. aparks of light on the river danced madly before my eyes as Istroyb tostifib the pang of joy ; that thrilled tlirohgh me at the thought. But a1 mouiont'fl ? reflection assured 'mo that Luke had1 rib wish to release mo. In many little ways he daily let me know that he meant to hold; me to my word. It were running headlonginto danger to believe anything but this! j V God deliver, me from temptation !' I murmured as Trosb'nnd locked my arms over my breast,' while for1 a! moment ',?. the birds seemed liko to turn my brain with the sudden ecstasy of their siriging. I sat down besides Sylvia, and drew back the shawl from hor beautiful flusi i ed: face.' Her oyelashoa i wore wet with tears. ' Sylvia,' I said, sadly, 'you are fretted' with the weariness of this place. Do riot hesitate about loavin'g mo when- ? over you wish to go.' And I 'thought heavily that, with' Luke arid irie for master arid mis tress, the Mill-house was never ' likely to be a . , ploasarit place of sojourn for';any'6ne,': Sylvia j satup qniokly, and, winding her aim round my , heck, .said, in her low wiling; passionate way: ? ' Never ' sajv that again; Mattie. ' IVero . it as dull as a cavern, there ia'iippiacosodear'tomo as the Mill-house. When I havo, to leave it, I sballbe banished but of heaven 1' ,1 started at her vehonionco, but recollected, murmuring : ' Ah, yea I tliat isbocauseit was Dickvs homo 1' nnd I folt apdngof conscience for over having re- ??, sentedhe'r gaity, for ever having iriidghned that she had ceased to mourn for her loss arid raino. She gave mo a littlo thoughtful y Btdre ' out of her grey eyes, and then gazed down pasttho trees , after tho current' of the river/asif fasciriated ; by those Bjorks of light that. had1 danced so madly beforo my eyo3 a few minutes ago. 'Ay?' ahb repeated nbsontly; 'of course, . beoause it was Dick's home.'' « '' ' -I'loye'tl her botter at that moment than Iliad ? over loved hoi* before, and I felt indignant at ? Luke for having baulked her of ai little plea- ???? sure. ? I went straigbt : to :Itbe- house ? and; ordered my own ponyt :.to vbo bar nosBod to thpjjhaoton which I had . sometimeg '' '? driven under L'uko's guidance. v ., . I had Mover ; ?. careyd much for' driving mysblf , but Luke likod - ladies to be it littlo dashing: ? 'I was determined ; now' to', turn' my hccomplisbment ' to ao- ' - count. . I said to. Sylvia,- '* If wo cannot find a cavalier .galhuyt enough, to be our charioteer, I do not soe why wo should, not, . horn ourBolvos, I can manage Frisky pretty woll.' ', WJo di'ovo down the pleasant sumlner lanes irito1; Streams- '?- town, and stopped at the best tihop wbilo I bought soino grcou und white muslin td mako myself a frock, haying promised Elspie: jto leave oil my Bad black ^vn by lilidsummer's-day. ??? Then wo' bowled on, along tho whiib' roads, chattirig our woinon'a chrit, and oach,T'believe doing her best to hide from thcotlier that there ,,. .was any troubling cloud hanging Between her .... end the blue sky:that brooded over our heads. ., .' 'We had got quite out in the country, arid .were breathing exhilarating air, ; and getting glimpses of hills and sea.' I was driving cau tiously, and was rather proud of my first indo- . ,.,... pendent. essay. Turning, a corner; of the road, we sew a figure on horseback riding towards us. Sylvia sat forward, gazedantently at tHe figure, aHd;.turned , red ' and then: pale. Surely . enough 'the. figure was familiar. 'Why, it ;) is! -Luke Elphinstorie !'? cried I. Pressure ;?..?.. of . , business . had - ; ' not kept him from taking a solitary ride. 'His neglect ,. ; efuswas .deliberate ;? his apelbgy untrue. ... Sylvia, by :the changes of her face was quicker ? than I at seeing this: i'- Letme drive,' said she, suddenly, snatching the. reins -from my ? hands.; ;.; The .whip..began,to,dangle in the air, ' ' . .'and, wo were flying .along the road, at a break neck pace.; , '. Stop,, stop !',' I cried.; ' Frisky , will not, bear tp be .whipped, lika that 1' But' ..??.., Sylvia,, withblazing, eyes and .flushed cheeks, ..was. lashing his sides without pity, and the in eulted little pony daohed pi*. -Ye passed Luke . , with the swiftness pi., lightning.: I heard him , call after us; Sylvia :, tried to check our speed; . ,.,, but U was too late. ... She threw .the reins from ? her, in dismay, and.they trailed, on. the. road.; ,, The fields and hedges spun round usin a dizzy green ring. Then there was a crash, and I found myself lying on the, ground in great agony. Luke picked us up. ...Sylvia escaped unhurt ;;but the phaeton waa smashed, and my ... leg, was broken. .. .,., ..'.,. ? .., .,? ? CHAPTER VT' '' '. ''' .. '-. ; ' Sylvia moaned so bitterly over nry sufferings . . that, oven Elspie, who had never liked her, was Boftened somewhat, and I heard her muttering to herself that,' yon wheedlin'. hizzie had a bit 6' heart after all. ' ' No one but Luke knew' that Bhe was the cause of the accident. , .My father . scolded me for being . so rash 'as to attempt to drive without assistance. Sylvia, i'poyer spoke, , V and J had to take the blame, up on! myself. At 'the. 'first',' Sylvia was a capital nurse. . She'her . self brought. my breakfast-tray every. morning,. : and I had to. warn her that my father, and'Luke must bo waiting, for their second cups of tea , before I could get her to leave, me and return ', to the breakfast-table, over which, she had how .to preside. . She would spend, her. day reading' and talking to me, learning old Border sohgs from Elspie, who was in this way mncli con ciliated. Mpre.than.I loved to . see her gliding . .about the room., , I)r. .Strong, our Streamstpwn ''..' physician, who came, of course, to mend my broken banes; was completely captivated by her ready hand and light, step, even more than by her beauty arid radiant health, which last ad vantage has always an especial charm' for a doctor. I sbon'aaw that, conscientious as I ... knew him . to be, h,e . took ori this oc- , ;casion more interest in the nurse than in the patient, ''-'' ???-??'??? :-'.?: ; ?- ?? '??| ./; But y.ery soon. Sylvia left off nursing, and : , let mp. gradiially .drop wholly into. tlio hands , of .faitUulEIspie. andiny kindlittle friend Miss ... Pollard, ,whp came often H8i?,.to beguile, my , , pains hy. reading aloud her. favorite ; ; poems i JH ?r, her .chirping little voice, or detailingto me the gossip of the village, and country-side, while i: , she, sowed indefatigably at. wonderful prodigies, of. : fancy-work, which .were destined for, re . Wpjp.-: ]?8Z.aars. ,. ... She was. not so. pleasant, a : ,, companion as. Sylvia. :It .was not.so delightful ,., to look at.her, or. hear her talk. But heryoice, ,, had a tremulous echo that reminded you of a child or a bird, and her simple face, was not ..... uncomely. , .Albeit ,a., spinster,, .she wore a widow's cap over her smooth, sand-colored hair. .,,, 'It looks inore comfortable, my. dear,' she , said to. mo once, in an explanatory way, ' much more comfortable, when a single- woman be gins to get &: little up in years;' . She could only have'. been. forty, or thereabouts, though I ? . .had long looked (upon her as a perfect rock of ngos.. Her eyes were very mild and kind, .and. her mouth had skaped itself into a' little round button, by dint, ?? I always ? thought, , of chirping ,to. theccanaries -. that' lived with her ?'. . at homo. ?.. : ;. . ....... .,,.:,. ..-. ..; ... :' ; ? Sylvia gradually gave me up. 'Where she passed - her time, or what she did with her self, I could not guess. Instead of ' bringing; my breakfast she: would just flash in on me for' -? 'aminutein theimdming, looking lovelier and ; gladder than I had ever seen her, shake out her fresh 'Cambrics before ?' my glass, and re -. arrange;the moss-rosebud in her bosom, then wander to my bedside, give mo an absent kiss; ; and slip out'again beforo I had more than time to say goodimorrow.-. At different times during i itho day she would come in again, but she was restless while' she stayed, moving about , the room like something caged, and scarcely seem irigto breathe freely ' till she got away agnin. 1 Once sho did bring out 'a child's frock, that wo had left unfinished, and began to sew, but after stitching the hom of- the skirt on to the waist, sho bundled it away impatiently, and it saw the light1 no more. Another time she opened a. book to read to me as of old, but she made ? ' i '80 ? many ridiculous blunders, that at last sho ?-???? laughingly shut the book, saying, ' I roally ??'? do not know what I am reading,' One even ing she slipt into tho room, knolfc beside my. couch, laid her head on my pillow, and lay ' gazing tip at tho ceiling, with a blissful light .on' her'face,' every now arid then giving a long ? drawn sigh.' '-Sylvia -dear,' said I, 'what caii'be malting you- so happy in this lonely place? What are you doing with yourself?' ? 'Doing ?' she! echoed} starting up with a littlo warbling laugh. '''-MaMie, I am doinga groat deal,1' Then sho suddenly began to talk to me about hor own' past life. She spoke of tho '? bitterness of- ths four' years that had- gone ? over her liead since her father's death, riot since Dick's death ; shjo did not mention him.' Sinco her father's death.1 She described tome ? the' happy life sho led in' her cottage home at Richmond, where Dick and others ' came and ? wooed her, thon in lier nineteenth yean Sho -was- vain, sho said,, and worldly,, and deservod ? ?no botterfato than bofel her. ? Hor father, a ^veteran.ofS'oori.died, and left her dostituto. No strong hand ? was noav to - help hor. ? Nothing ? ii ' wasleft her but such wit and good looks as sho ? - had, whereby toi win ? a dependent's bread at a ?- litranger'fl tabled (She opened a little pooket book and showed me a lock of her father's 1 'grey hair, bind a dried vine-leaf 6ft' hor cottage walla. ?- Poor Syliva I' said I, as she stroked the littlo treasures in her lap ; aridlfoltpazzled the while in my own mind.^ 'Not soipoorl' ? said sho, softly, looking as happy a3 a queen, ' -and thon my words had tocoino out; ?♦ Sylvia !' sakll, ' will yon answer mo one questioii truly Did you over lovo^ my brother Bick?' She. glanced away Btivrtled for a' moriioht, arid then, after -a: loiig paaso,' turned- hor shining . grey eyes upon; my face, and said : ' I shall have to make you another confession before long, and ! I had . better, makeVthis .one .beforehand. I never did love ybin-; brother; not as I could lovo my husband. I liked; him, for he was a. : kind good' fellow ?; but at tli6: timo: I promised to marry him I loyed- anotberibettor.ii. Ayjypu , may turn from me in. disgust, Mattio. ; I. 'told you befpi'e that I was vain . and worldly; but ?at least;l;was'an obedient ..daughter to. my father, who liked your brother, arid who. con sidered him a better match, as they say,,, than, the person I cared for more. Such things., as this arenot uncommon, 'Mattie/' I shrank a little, feeUng ;as if the bright grey eyes pierced me through with these ' words. Truly, such things were not unepmmpn.. I gave a .sigli to iny'dead brother,' and ' Syl Via went on talking. l- I should havebeena good wife to Dick if he had lived. I could riot marry any one unless I were prepared to;bei the best wife in the '? world ; jbut I should liko better to marry some one I could love. ' I have' learned that it is easier for a woman to live without riches than withoiit a hearh Ah, if you knew 'how I havestarved fora little love 1; L have done hard penance for my mistakp I Poor: old Lady Durdon | I was very submissive, to her whims. /She made ft white slave of mo at the ?beginning. ; Could not take her breakfast of a morning without first putting' her foot upon my nock; but that was1 befpra she know how ne.cessary:I should becomoi.to hor. ;Sho did not guess that I had, promised myself sho should, prize me, sue mo, miss me, before I had doWe with her.' In nine' months she had three companiPns .before I wpnt to her ; arid I remained with her nearly four years. She raised my wage's and gave; me pretty' dresses. ' She cried whenl was leaving liGr, and begged pie to, come back;' Sylvia sat, on, the floor, with her cheek luxuriantly dipped in her hand, and her face bathed in a smile of delicious' complaisance, while1 all this ran trippingly from her, tongue. ' 'But you will not go back, 1 Sylvia, you will never starve any more for . love,' ? said I, ',' thinking I had guessed ..her secret very shrewdly ;' and at this momeiit, the doctor' was . annbunced, who blushed as he shook hands with her. . After him quickly come Miss Pollard; more biopihing and lively thari' usual,' with whom Sylvia immediately began a mischievous Bkirinishing ' pfi words, for therewas a perpetual war going on between these two. Wo had tea in my room: all to gether, and Miss Pollard : put off her bonnet and filled the cups, producing a dish of sponge cakes which she had. made with her own hands for my use, though the fairest and largest she placed oh a plate by the doctor. '; ' ? Dr. Strong was a stout littlo elderly man clever, kind, and a trifle pompous. , He had a . pleasant rosy . face, and the baldness of his head was made quite up for by his handsome whiskers, which were still untouched by grey. Ho had a simple fondness for fine English', a: tender heart, which often supplied the place1 of a fee in his dealings with the poor, a good income, and a handsome house a littlo way out of the .village. ' He' might not' all boa pretty maiden's fancy, but a woman 'might choose for herselif' a worse staff to lean upon through life. I .liadnot beeri'used to think inu'eh upon his virtue'sior himself, 'but of late he had inspired me with now- interest. , I ,lmd trained inyseh5 to be 'veiy prosaic' on ,the siibje'ct of matrimoiiy, and.I thought it would.be' better for Sylvia to grace a good man's lipirie in the quiet surishine of Streariistowh 'than 'to ', fade into lonely de pendent old maidenhood m some dreary {London! mansion. -IV. did wonder.! at her '.excessive happiness ' arid ' her 'r little '..rhapsody about love, which I thought rather out of place. . But , her, .character had gunk in my esteem since. 1 1 'heard' her declare, that she had never loved my brother. The imaginary link; that had; bound ;riiy sympathy to hers had disappeared before tho.truth from her lips.: I rip longer looked upon her as' a sister. An. ad miring friendship for her I must still preserve,^ but the romancQ that hung about her was gone., Somehow pur little . tea-party went wrong that night, though Sylvia had adorned theropm ; prettily with flowers, and the. sponger- cakes were good, and the sunshinb came pleasantly through the open window. Ijuke refused to come up to join iiSj though Specially invited. The doctor blushed too often fur his comfort, unu, goi uewuaerea uyoyivias mpejang mem merit,' and Miss Pollard 'alarmed us all by pour ing the1 tea. into the sugar-basin. Our two friends wont away together. ' ' ' Just like 'man and wifoi' Sylvia said, laughingly afterwards ; ?' the little spinster on tiptoo with delighi.' It is unreasonable for anything so antiquated to have a heart.' 'Why, yoix aro suroly riot jealous of Miss Pollard,' I said, siniling in her face. ' ' Jealoils !' she echdea, witli aii aston ished stare ; the» laughed heartily to herseh*, as, if at some secrot fun. : 'I only mean to say,' she said, 'that, when the! tea poured into tho sugar-basin it was the overflow of the tide of' Miss Pollard's feelings, which sets, in the direction of Dr. Strong.'' |' Nonsense,' I said ; but by- and, by began to think that Sylvia was more shrewd than I. S!ie had walked with them that' evening as far as, tho gates across the burn. I limped to the window and saw hor coming back alone, , sauntering along tho gravel' by tho garden wall, her head on a level with tho wallflowers that grew abovo it. She had on a light blue dress and; a pink rose in her hail1, her hat in her baud, and walked in tho mellow harvest light of the setting sun. A group of haymakors going home gazod at her in' shy admiration. Dreamy and pleasant came tho plash of the wlioolsfrom bayond the river. How sweet the hay smelt, and over in the direction of Eldergowan tho'wpoda wore wrapped in purple and gold. I lookod!..at a bunch of flowers which Mark Hatteraiok had left at the door for me that morning. All the' beauty of the summer evening could not make . mo glad, and it struck mo sharply at the mo merit that I was very young. to havo given all tliojoy out of my life. I saw Luke emerge from sbmowhero and join Sylvia, and the two came slowly. towards tho houso, then turned 'aiid got lost to sight among tlib h'lac-trecs along the burn. I Svas surprised and pleased, to see thorn, such' good friouds'. I.woj^derod that Sylvia had not told mo about it. .,, : ? . , , ; (!To 'tie 'continued.) . ? --.?-?. . ? A GhEAT Anti- uitualistio Mektino. was ro recently hold in Manchester/' Mr Robert' Glad stone presided. ? ? '?' ? ' : ' ?? ? ? At ? a MuETiNQ of the Dublin Presbyterian ' Synod, held recently at Nowry, tho Rov. Mr Ellcott, Moderator, showod the progress which' Irish Prosbyterianism has made sinco 1822. Then tho v/hblo number of their congregatibna in Iroland did not exceed 300 ; now there are 556 congregations, ombracirig 84,000 families, with 559 ministers. : ' Then tho sum collected for missions was £138; now it is £15,780, tho amount for all religious purposes being £80,888. 