VICTORIA. THE following are Melbourne telegraphic items to January 17 : January 14. Messrs. Martin and Eagar were entertained at dinner at Scott's Hotel, on Saturday night, by the Riverine gentlemen. Mr. Gideon S. Lang occupied the chair. Mr. Martin hinted that the result of the Conference would not disappoint the hopes of Riverina. Signor Cutolo was buried to-day. There was a full choral service at St. Peter's. Mr. Verdon is to be invited to a public dinner at St. George's Hall, on the 21st instant. On Saturday the thermometer in the shade was 108, and in the sun 130 ; the weather is still very hot. January 15. Mr. M'Culloch entertained Messrs. Martin and Eagar at dinner last night. A meeting of members of Parliament, in favor of payment of members, is to be held to-morrow to bring some pressure to bear upon the Government in this matter. January 17. The Monarch, for Hongkong, takes 454 Ohinamon, 5091 ounces gold, and 12,880 sovereigns The Princess Theatre is closed, as the lessee is insolvent Madame Celeste draws good HOUSes at the Haymarket. It is understood that Ministers intend to place £20,000 on the Estimates for Sir Charles Darling. Amos estate has been assigned for the benefit of his creditors.-? Parliament was opened at 2 o'clock to-day; there was a large attendance. The Governor read the Speech, which congratulated the country on the abundant harvest and general prosperity ; also on the success of Mr. Verdon s mission and promised extension in the railway system and water supply, and states that the Border Customs question is settled. The Speech also recommends that bills be introduced to amend the Education Bill, Land Bill, mining on private property and public reserves, the administration of justice, insolvency, banking, police, mining, municipal and local governments, fencing, and impounding Acts. The Council then adjourned, the Assembly still debating the reply to the address, the Opposition having moved for committee by ballot to prepare it The steamer Meteor has been bought for the Panama Mail Service. She does twenty miles per hour. Some members of the Legislative Coun- oil or dangerously ill. - Cowra was scratched yesterday for her Geelong ongogomonts.-For breadstuffs business is limited to trade requirements. Sales of Adelaide town flour, £12 10s. ; country, £11 10s. ; Adelaide wheat is worth 5s. 4d. The Sea Nymph's Californian wheat was sold privately to a local miller. Maize brisk, at 4s. 2d.; oats, 4s 3d. for Californian, 3s. 6d. to 8s. 6d. ; bran, 1s. 2d. Sales of candles nt Is. 6d to Is. Odd ; Brandon's, Is. Id. Prime beef brought 27s. 6d. per 100lbs. ; 50lb. wethers, 12s. 6d. THE BORDER CUSTOMS CONFERENCE. THE Melbourne telegraphic correspondent of the S. M, Herald sends the following, under date January 17 : A report of the proceedings of the Conference was laid on the table of the Assembly to-day. Victoria is to pay New South Wales £6800 for duties collected in 1864. For five years there is to be free trade in colonial products across the Border. Victoria is to pay New South Wales £60,000 annually by quarterly instalments. New South Wales is to collect duties on goods going up the Murray for South Australia, and to pay the same over to Victoria, less 6 per cent. The New South Wales officers are to place a mark on such packages, so that if the duties are less than those of Victoria, the latter colony is to remit the difference. This comes into operation on the 1st of February, and no customs duties are to be altered without the consent of both colonies. Unless there is a readjustment of the arrangements previously agreed to, New South Wales is to be at liberty to make arrangements with South Australia not inconsistent with the present agreement, and legislative sanction is to be asked if necessary. GLASS HOUSES.-" People who live in glass houses should not throw stones," Says a shrewd proverb, and Seldom has a larger amount of practical wisdom been condensed into a sentence. But the maxim is almost universally disregarded. Indeed, persons whose moral domiciles are of the very brightest ware are generally the most eager to pelt their neighbors. If a politician sacrifices his principles to his interest, who so ready to cry shame on him as the less lucky mercenaries whose pockets are always open to conviction. ' If a woman stumbles in life's thorny path, those of her sex who live in glass houses, with the curtains drawn down to veil the interior from the public gaze, take the initiative in casting stones at her. The omniscient Saviour, to whom all hypocrisy was as on open book, well know that the wrathful moralists whom he reproved for maltreating a detected sinner, were not without their close. skeletons" at home. " MOLLY," said Joe Kelly's ghost to his wife, "I'm in purgatory at this present moment," says-he. " And what sort of a place if it ?" says she. " Fair," says he, " 'fis a sort of a half-way house between you and heaven, and I stand it mighty easy after leaving you." 