HAMLET'S MADNESS. TO THE EDITOR OP THE AGE. Sir, — Moy I bo allowed to contribute my mite towards tho great Hamletian controversy, disclaiming any profound psychological know ledge, and merely giving my opinion as an humble student of the works of our great dramatist. Mad as a hatter, say Smith and Co. ; philosophically sane, say their opponents ; but your correspondent, R.H.H., seems to mo to have arrived at the truest estimate of the prince's character, i.e., an alternation between insanity and reason ; or, ns I should rather put it, reason interspersed with fits of insanity oc casioned by tho conjunction of events and thoughts too exciting for reason to cope with. When first introduced ?*» us our herb seems suffering from griofs bordering on hypochondria occasioned by the loss of a paragon among sires, and while in this state of mental depres sion, comes there to him a messenger from Tophet bearing the form of his adored father. Is not such an. occurrence in itself sufficient to unsettle the reason. But how much more dis tarbing is the speech of the ghost 1 A hint at the torments imposed in hell, a narrative of a vile murder committed by an uncle oa a father, and above all, an instigation from such a source for poor Hamlet, recluse, student, philosopher, to murder his uncle. Cause enough for mad ness all this think I ; the cause, however, in creased by a second visitation of the ghost, and the haunting fear of a repetition. Now, as to the proofs of insanity as evinced by language and acts, apart from tho scientific proofs adduced by. Mr Smith, the conduct of Hamlet after Polonius' murder seems to me tho chief ; for Hamlet was not a desperado inured to the sight of blood, but a gentle scholar, and what; let us think, would be tho feelings of a sane man after committing such an act ? Would there not bo contrition, remorse, and a thought of consequences rather than brutal jokes ? Then, on the thoronghly mad side of tho question, what madman would speculate as Hamlet does on the hereafter ; and what mad man would, as lie, moralise at the grave ? All my thoughts on the subject lead me to this ono conclusion, that because of his consistent behavior we can hardly call Hamlet mad, or because of his occasional inconsistency, we can hardly style him sane. — Yours respectfully, Melbourne, 6th August. L. A. J. 