WEARING THEM TO SOME PURPOSE. Lydia, aged twenty, the only child of Sir Thomas and Lady Snaffles, of Blubluddy Park, Suflold, having written to her quondam schoolfellow and bosom- friend, Julia Coutsher, two years her senior, wife of a doctor with an extensive prac tice in Halifax, Yorkshire, mother of a fat boy fourteen months old, to the effect that if she did not come to spend a fortnight with her, she would borrow, a team of wild horses from Mr. Sangster, who was making a tour through her neighbour hood, and come and drag her away forcibly — tiie propriety of accepting the invitation was seriously discussed in the medical mausion. The -Coutshers were a happy couple, and averse to separation, but Julia was fond of her friend, and glad to keep the bond between them taut. There were to be private 'theatricals -and other gay doings at Blubluddy Park'; and as the' Coutshers; were not rich, and rather proud, Halifax was a dullish place for them. Lydia was a munificent godmother to the fat child. The Snaffles were a very old county family, and to be on intimate terras with them was very -creditable. When one's wife goes to stay with an influential and much-respected -baronet, there is no knowing what may turn -up. So it was settled that Lydia Snaffles might countermand her wild horses, for that Mrs. Coutsher would -go without compulsion — for a week. Mr. Coutslier was included in the invitation, but his leaving his patients was of course an impossibility. He never did while they -lived ; and when they ceased to do that,- it was rather they who left him. The fat hoy was likewise asked, and occasioned a discission. The mother wanted to take him, the father to keep him. "It's -very bad for young children to travel in the autumn"' said the doctor. " Pooh ! " replied his wife. "Not unless they are well- paying patients." "T shall be dull enough with out you, and if you take the hoy too, I don't know what I shall do," pleaded the husband. " I can't -bo happy without my Billy," said the wife, wavering. " Well, then, take him," replied the doctor with a sigh. That sigh was a bull's eye, and the fat child stopped with his father. At 5.-10 on au October evening, Mrs. Coutslier alighted ou the Blubluddy end platform, and was immediately embraced and hungrily kissed by the impetuous ' Lydia — an operation which turned the hearts of five young male travellers by the dowu-truin to water. " O you dear, de lightful love of a -Julia! how good of you to come i The carriage is waiting; the porters will look after your things. Well, aud how are you ? And so you have not brought my godson.; left him as a hostage for your going back, have you? a pet! How is he? Ami your husband, how is he ? -Of course he could not come. Halifax would.find- it could get well without him, and that would never do ! You are looking bloom ing. - I am so glad ! O what fun this is 1 " -And so Lydia rattled on nil the way to Blubluddy Park, which was about two miles off, hardly giving her friend time to- put in monosyllables. But smiles, nods, and shakes did - just as well. " We dine at six," she said, when she had -seen her in her room, with her box uncorded and opened, and her evening-dress laid on the bed. " My room -is only next door ; " and sho disap peared. ; In twenty minutes, she came back again, dress ed for dinner, and found- Julia also ready. They were exceptional and. quick dressers both of them, worth backing when her Majesty's Plates are withdrawn from the turf, and instituted as prizes for the encouragement of Rapid ; Femule Toilet, as- will be the case when everything is thoroughly reformed. - How amusing the reports will he : " Lady ' Jane won cleverly by three hooks and eyes and a bracelet. " Miss Mary Smith came iirfirst, hut was objected to by the second lady, on the ground of her hack-hair being insecurely fastened. .The stewards allowed the objection, so Miss Smith - was- disqualifi ed." — And then the handicapping :' the winner of any previous race having to put on an extra earring, or to wind-up her watch. '! It wants ten miuutes to the gong," said Lydia; "comoand see my room, dear." So tbey went into "Lydia's- bower, (when you first'read " The Lay of the' Last Minstrel," -you ihought that was a haunt of froga aud spiders in the corner, did you not ? — I did), and the pro prietress exhibited her dresses, jewels, and kuidknacks. " What ever is this?" asked Julia, taking up a silvered instrument. " That ? That is my spur, dear. When you press it- so, a' little prick comes out, like a- sting Of -a bee." " And what- do you wear that for?" "To make my mare go. They say money does that ; I don't know. ; I think a spur is better." " O Lydia, how can you ! But you do not prick the poor thing." "If the poor thing will not jump when -I am out hunting, I do." "Do you really and truly hunt, and take actual leaps ? You said -something Shout it in your letters, hut I thought it was only fun.; -you are such a girl ?" " What ia one to do, living ia -the country?" "And what are 'these for?" continued Julia, pointing to a pair of thick-laced -boots, with great nails in the soles. " These are my -shooting boots ; and there are my gaiters. My gun is in papa's study. -I will show it you to morrow morning." " 0 no ! I hate the sight of a gun. But you do not meuu a real gun, that has powder, and goes off?" " Of course I do. It is such a light little darling; kioks a -.little, though, if. you do not hold it tight." " One would think you were talking of a baby, dear," said Julia laughing. " Y'ou shall have a pop at- the pheasants with it yourself," continued-Lydia. "-I should die with fright, and be deaf ever afterwards," replied her friend. " There's the gong." Julia Coutsber being-a stranger, observed her hosts and neighbours at dinner somewhat carefully. Sir Thomas was a very proud man in theory, but had no offensive pride of manner in practice. -When he came to reason about it, he was rather surprised to find that common labourers had the same number of arms and legs as a man of his breed ; but he showed do scorn in his actual intercourse with them. In his own house, he was hospitable, cheerful, and the slave of his daughter. Lady Snaffles was as firm a. believer iu the mysteries of birth and -blood as her husband. She professed to consider that in gratitude was the one great characteristic of the " lower orders," and she habitually spoke of persons who had raised themselves iu the social scale by superior talents or industry as " dirt." But she was- a good, motherly soul for all that — exceedingly charitable, aud enjoyed a scandalous gossip with an old almswoman most heartily. She was likewise completely under Lydia's au thority. It was wonderful to see how both the parents deferted tp the lively girl, apDealed to her opinion, listened to her, laughed at her fun, and turned to others with eyes which, expressed : " Is she not brilliant, and clever, and beautiful ? Yet she is positively our child ?" There wore three guests. A fox hunter, who was nothing else, and not being now in the hunling-lield, was obscure — a quiescent steam engino, having coal and water supplied to it.- Second, his sister, likewise possessed of only one faculty, that of liking classical music, and as, unfortunately, no one else in the room could soar above opera, or distinguish Sebastian Bach from tuning, she too only opened her month for commissariat purposes. Third, Mr. Robert Staunton, a handsome man of about thirty, of "good" family, possessing a large property immediately adjoining Blubluddy. Park. Julia Coutslier soon saw that Mr. Staunton admired Lydia quite as much as her parents did, and desired nothing more than to be elected slave number three. It was also evident that Sir Thomas aud Lady S taffies were exceedingly anxious to have him for a son-in-law. But Lydia did not give liira any encouragement, which was rather surprising, for lie was as sensible and agreeable as he was good-looking and eligible. I do not mean to suggest that Julia -Coutsber was such a wonderful physiognomist as to read all : this in the people's faces ut the dinner-table, or that the various characters auuounced : " I am so and so, and so and so, and my tastes and desires are so and so ;" like 'the old Greek heroes. She bad a whole evening to watch them in, and several confidential conversations with Lady Snaffles in the course of it. At ten, the lovers of hunting, of symphonies, and of Lydia took their departures, and the household retired to rest, I do wish that people still went to bed at ten. There is no midnight now, only a twelve o'clock with a small t ; and how can one believe in the supernatural without a midnight ? Now, a- belief in the supernatural ia necessary to human happiness ; it is aho (which is of more importance) a trump-card in the hands of the story teller, Alas! we have no duels and no ghosts, and the' taste for the sensa tional is increasing' ! No straw, and yet the tale must be delivered. Julia and Lydia sat over a -fire- in the bedroom of the former. They were in their dressing gowns, - ready to pop into bed -in a minute. Julia had her hair all over her shoulders ; Lydia had not, - because it was cut short, and curled about like -a .boy's. " Such a pity," said Julia ; " such lovely hair as you had." " Do you think so, dear ?" replied Lydia. "It was coming oft, and Snips -of Bond- street said,- last season, that cutting it -short for a time would restore it ; he said, also, that tlris style suited ray features and theo it- is the fashion. 'It is very convenient, too, for riding ; one s back-hair can't come down when there's none to come, you know. Besides, it will be so handy for our private theatricals, in which I am goiug to take a mau's part. " Lydia 1 how -can you ; how absurd. As if I was going to believe that I" " It is quite true. I have got my- clothes made, and will show you them to-morrow. We want a pert young fellow of eighteen, and -have got nothing but brawny men six feet odd; -so you see I must come- to the rescue. I mulce a capital man ; you will never kuow me, especially when I have got my moustache on. Fa-act, 'pon my word, -ya-as. Got a cigar about you, old f'ler ?" " And what do Sir Tnomas and Lady Snaffles say ?" " Why, it made them open their eyes at first ; but they aro so fully impressed with the wholesome idea that I must do what I like, and that if it seems wrong, it must be the laws aud customs of the country that are in fault, and not their Lydia, that they soon dropped all opposition. Indeed having private theatricals at all was such a pill for them to swallow, that their throats have been wider ever since. ' " Well, I did wonder at their liaviug thera, and especially at their letting you act." " Why, you see, dear, Lord Coulis, the head of the oldest family in the county, started it all, and Lady Augusta acted. The 'first fact converted papa, and the second mamma." " I cannot think how you dare. 0 Lydia, you never will be able to appear in he- clothes before roomful of people." "I shall not mind it a bit." "You always were as bold as brass. If I were your mamma, though, I would not let you." " If the cherub has a sister, Julia, you will make a terrible prude of her — will you not ? Why did you not make a prude of me at school ? -You were two years older, and I thought you very wise." "I was not au old married woman then," said Mrs. Coutsber: " I was a little flighty myself, I fear." " Yes, you were, dear." "And then you were so unmanageable. Some how, it was impossible to help spoiling you ; everybody didi" "Even the Misses' Magnell." " Yes, even the Misses Magnell ; and they were -stiff enough. But you were kept- in better order there than at home. Sir -Thomas and Lady Snaffles seem to let you do whatever you please." "Ah, Julia, dearest," said Lydia with a sigh, " they indulge me in trifling matters ; but where the happiness of ray life is concerned, they are obstinate and cruel." " Indeed 1" " Yes, they want me to marry Mr. Staunton 1" " Ah," said Julia, " and is that such a very great hardship ? He seemed to me just the sort of husband you would like." "Perhaps, if I had no prior attachment." " Why," cried Julia, "you can never raean'that affair between you and William Wuters! That wus quite a bit of boy-and-girl uonsence, atul not at all suitable either ; and you cannot have seen him for a year and a half." " Should you have forgotten 'all about Mr. Coutslier, if .you had not-seen him for a year and a half?" "Perhaps. But that is quite dif ferent. We were in the same station of life, and our parents approved of our engagement." " Why, that was all against you!" cried Lydia, " I don't believe there can be any true love without difficulty and opposition. You used to think so once. Don't you remember when William used to come uuder the -playground -wall and whistle, and throw letters over when I whistled back again. And how you and I used to read them, and -concoct the answers together ?" " I am afraid we did." " William was very respectable, I am sure ; he was the son of a clergyman near here, you know, and used to be asked to the house. But he had no money, and his grandfather was in trade in Ispwich; so when' lie asked papa's leave to be engaged to me, papa broke out into a terrible passion, and called him dishonourable, and turned him out of the house ; and he said if William ever wrote to me, he would find him out, and horsewhip him;; and William hasn't. Neither papa nor mamma ever scolded me; they treated me like a goosey girl who knew no better, and could not help myself, and they laid all the blame upon poor William ; and yet I am sure I had to give hiir tremendous encouragement at school, when we walked out two and two, and at church, before he dare do \- anything — hadn't I ?" " Yes, dear, you certainly did." " I almost fancy that I was the first to write." " I imagine that you did send a valentine or something. You had arrived at the mature oge of thirteen at the time. What a puss 1 But have you ever met him since Sir Thomas forbade him the house?" "Once; and he declared he would never marry any one else, and I promised the same. And I mean to keep my word too ; and if ho is faithful I'll marry him when I am twenty-one." " And if he is not faithful, or misbehaves iu any way, then you will marry Mr. Staunton, I suppose ?" "Perhaps. — 0 Julio, it is a terrible thing to be be crossed in love I" "Sad indeed, dear. It often ends in consumption, I have heard." Lydia sighed ; bnt she did not look consumptive. It would have made a pretty picture — I mean, of course, for ladies, artists, and fathers of . families, not for modest bachelors — those two sitting over the Are in their dressing-growns, be- ; cause their styles of beunty were so different 'ts-iat each acted as a foil to the other. Lydia was tall, dark, and litlre, with a slightly acquiline . nose in the middle of her very, handsome face ; her friend was fair, plump, and pretty. " Lydia darling," said Julia after a bit, "you are the funniest -contradiction I ever met. You wear spurs." " No, only one.'" "A spur; and you jttmp over edges and ditches, and break your neck like a rough man; and you let off horrid guns; and yon whistle; aud y-m have smoked a cigarette ; and you mean to act in thingummies ; aud yet you are romantic, and so very romnutic !" " But don't you see that is just where it is," cried Lydia, " it is because I ain sick to death of what is commonplace, that I am always wanting to try something new and unusual. Men seem so much happier than women, that -I wish to know what it is that makes them so. But as far as poor William goes, I do not see nnything so -very 'romantic in being commonly faithful and truth ful. If you make a promise, you can kepp it, I suppose, without being silly. Besides, I don't know why it is called romantic to love any one. You do not think yourself so for loving your hus band or your baby, do you ? It -is not romantic of me to love papa nnd mamma, is it?" "But do you really love William Waters, dear ?" said Julia. " Did you know your own mind when you played at loving him ? It seems to mo that Mr. Staunton is worth hall-a-dozen of him." " How can you tell, Julia ? You have never seen hiin since he was a mere boy. What prejudice 1" " Why, to begin with, if he were worthy of such romantic devotion as you propose to bestow on him," said Julia, he would have managed to communicate with you, and urge his suit before this. In the next place, I do know him, for he is articled to a solicitor in Halifax, and my hus band asks him to dinner sometimes. Well, knowing as he does what friends we were, would he not have spoken to me about old times, and tried to make me his confidante, if he had been good for much?" "And he never did?" " Never !" " Y'ou never told me you kuew him." " No.. 1 hoped that you had forgotteu all about him. I had no patience with a man who could once fall in love with my Lydia, and then put up quietly with a separation from her, against her will too. He cannot have the spirit of a mouse ! I cannot bear a tame man." "Is Mr. Coutaher so wild, then ?" " Tame enough to me, dear ; that is quite right ; I did not mean that. But if I had thought he would have given me up for a rebuff from a parent, or any one but myself, I would not have had him for anything." " Well, my prosaic Julia," cried Lydia, breaking out into laughter, " that is the most delightful finish to a sermon against romance that ever I heard of. But perhaps you misjudge poor William. It is agreed that I am to come and see you at Halb fax ; perhaps I shall meet hira, and then I can tell for myself whether he i3 what I imagined him, or a faithless swaiu." " Oh, I have no doubt he will catch fire again quickly enough when he sees you ; and then, think what a match you would be for him !" " Oh, but I mean to see him without his knowing me." " How can that possibly be ?" " I have my idea ; but I will not tell it you to-night ; you have had along journey, and must be tired. And, I declare ! if we have not been gossiping for three hours." At half-past three o'clock one afternoon, a month after the termination of Mrs. Cout3her's visit to her "fast" friend in Suffolk, towards the middle of November that is, a young man left1 the office of Millikin and Bowie, solicitors, Halifax, and walked up the street. He had a new looking hat, a carefully fashioned coat, the last peculiarity in collars, creaseless gloves, small boots, aud an umbrella, which it would be a pity to open, it was rolled up so neatly. Some men seem to have an instinct that if they are to be noticed at all, they must trust to their attire to produce an effect ; and it appears to he a natural law that, the more insignificant any creature is, the greater is its desire to attract attention. What does an insect do when be has no beauty to please you, no sting to irritate you withal ? Why, he commits suicide in your eye. But an illustration is a dangerous thing, aud apt to carry oun too far, for this -young man was esteemed good- looking by those who took the trouble to notice him sufficiently to judge. His features were regular and nicely modelled, his complexion was pretty, his auburn whiskers — they were not red — long aud silky, and his figure was straight and well-proportioned ; and yet, somehow, lie only impressed the casual observer with his clothes. A brougham was coming down tho street, with a stoutisb, sensible-looking man, who was its only occupant, loungiDg comfortably inside, read ing 'the 'Lancet ; but happening to look up -from the paper, lie saw the young man, waved one hand, pulled the check string with the other, and presently stepped out on to tho pavement. " How do you do, Waters ? It is lucky that I saw you, as it has saved me the trouble of writing a note, and you that of answering it. My wife told me to -ask .you to come and dine with U3 to morrow — to meet a relative of hers, a young fellow who has just got his commission in the cavalry. Are you disengaged ? " "Perfectly; and I shall be -charmed. Mrs. Coutsher well, I hope ?" " Yes, thank you. Well, then, six sharp, you know. Don't dress ; we shall be quite alone." " Very good." Although a poor man, fated to work for his living, William Waters had the m. kings of a swell iu him; but he had never had proper advantages, poor fellow, and was sadly deficient in many impor tant requisites. He fancied that when he ac cepted an invitation to dinner, he was receiving instead of conferring a favour, be imagined a cornet to he a superior creature, whom it was a source of pride to form an acquaintance with ; and his unassisted intellect failed to teach him that good breeding demanded his keeping his host and hoetess waiting. .. So tho boor was positively punctual, and entered CoutsherB1 drawing-room before the clock bad done striking. The doctor was reading the newspaper at the table ; his wife sat ou the sofa uear the lire ; a young man, rather short, but very handsome, who wore a small moustache aud an eye-glass, and was dressed iu a rather full frock-coat fastened at the waist with a link- button, 'was standing on the heartb-rug playing with a Scotch terrier. " Mri Waters ; Mr. Chifney." The two young men bowed. Waters made a mental mem. ; " To learn to wear an eye-glass ; link buttons are coming in again." " Clever little dawg this. Food of dawgs?" observed the i cornet. " Yes, very, particularly big dogs." " Ah, yes. I have u bull-terrier who is remark- i ably good at rats. Foud of rutting ?" " Yes; i that is, I like to seo it now aud then." " Exactly. Good fun ratting. My dawg can kill five a minute ; nnd he can pull a bull down, my dawg can." "Indeed." "Dinner is on the table, ma'am." Waters made another mem, to the effect that dogs and rats were good drawing-room topics for conversation, a fact which somewhat surprised him. Ho also noticed that the young officer had rather a soprano voice ; likewise that his hostess wus in an unusually merry mood, and provoked to laughter on very slight occasion. But he was hungry, and his reflections were transient. Mrs. Coutslier retired soon aftsr the dessert was on the table, and presently the doctor, too, got a message. " I am sorry to leave you," he said : " that is the worst of my profession; I am never safe against interruption for a minute. One would imagine that patients selected the mcst incon- venient'times for sending for the doctor on purpose. If he settles down comfortably after dinner at the end of a hard day's work, or if he goes to bed particularly tired, he is sure to be disturbed. But, I suppose one must not grumble at the fish for taking their own time to bite. Ring the bell when you want more wine." And he went. " Suppose we draw round the fire, and make . ourselves comfortable," said Mr. Cbifuey, suiting the action to the word. " Wlia't are you drink ing? Help yourself. It is a bore one cannot have a cigar, is it not?" "Well, yes," said Waters ; " I like a smoke after dinner myself; but this claret is so good, that it would be a pity to interfere with it too." " Ah, yes, the wrap isn t so had," said Chifney. " By the by-, we , come from the same county, do we not'? My cousin said you were a Suffolk man, I think." " Yes ; I was born in that -county. My father was a clergyman there." " I wonder whether we know many of the same people. Did you ever meet the Wiltons ?"" No ; I do not re member them." " Or the Wights, or the Folkers, or the Pursons, or the Manns ? " " Yes; I knew a little of»the Pursons." ' " Ah, nice gurls the Purson gurls. Spooney there ever?" "Not very. Y'ou see I am a poor man, and cannot afford to be spooney where there is no tin, and the Miss Pursons hadn't a penny." "Indeed, bince you knew them, perhaps you knew a family they used to visit a good deal. What was the name, hum; they lived at Blubluddy -Park." " Sir Thomas Snaffles, you mean." " That is the name." " 0h, yes, I knew him very well indeed," said Waters, who had taken a good deal of wine at dinner, and a little after it, and was disposed to be very communicative. " A tremendously proud old follow, who thinks no end of his ances tors." "Ah, does he? People who have them often do." " His daughter was not a bad sort of girl; did you evor meet her?" " Can't say I have," replied Chifney between two sneezes. — " I never can resist a pinch out of a snuff-box, when it is left en the table, as Coutsher has his, and it always sets me off. Titcli-ee! You were— saying — about Titchee'I " " Lydja Snaffles. I wonder you never saw her; sho goes everywhere, hunts, shoots, they say — does every thing." "Ah, rather eccentric, -I suppose?" I' Well, yes, I expect she is a -little touched she is so desperately fast. Ail very well now, but an awful bore for her husband when she mar ries, for really she goes a great deal too far." " You did not full iulovo with her either, then ?" " Well, yes, I was a littlo spooney at one time in that quarter." " And she did not return the compliment, I suppose? " said Chifney; " women have such bad tuste ! " " On " the contrary, my dear fellow," cried Waters, waxing familiar, "she threw herself at my head." "Ali'l Then why did you not catch her ? She is an only child, is she not?" "Yes; it was all Tight for that, and as fur as the girl went. But you seo, Sir Thomas and Lady Snaffles cut up rough, and forbade me the house; nnd then I had to come here, and did not see how to keep up any com munication." " I flatter myself I should, if it liad been me 1 " said Chifney. " Do you tliiuk so ?" replied Waters. " Well, one thing was that I did not think it worth while to bother myself much. Those girls who are so very free and easy never stick to the same man long, especially if lie is absent. Y'et I think sho was rather fond of me too." That is more than you seem tn have been of her, or you certainly would not have given her up so easily as that." " Why, what could I have done ?" " Run off with her if she would goi" ' Run off with her 1 And supposing Sir Thomas had refused to allow her , anything, or had cut her out of his will, what a pretty fix I should have been in ?" " To be sure, so you would. Shall we go iuto the drawing- room?' So the two young men went up stairs to tea ; and presently the doctor came home, and challenged Waters to a game at piquet, leaving Chiffney free to -chat -confidentially with his cousin in a-oorner. At a little after ten Waters left, shaking hands with his host and hostess;' he was advancing to proffer the same ceremony with Chiffney, hut that gallant officer bade him good-night with so cold a bow that he stopped short, and stuffed as much of his fingers as he could in his waistcoat pocket. " Queer chap," ho muttered, as he strolled along' . -the street, " to be so familiar, and lead me on so to talk about myself aud my affairs, and then to decline shaking hands. But perhaps it has gone out of fashion to shake hands, like taking wine with a fellow at dinner. He is a real swell, though I wonder who it is he reminded me of ; I have known some one remarkably like him, I am certain." Mr. Coutsher saw Waters out, and then went direct to his surgery, so that Cornet Chiffney and Mrs. Coutsher were left alone. " Well, you madcap," said Mrs. Coutsher. " You were right, Julia ; the man I made a Lara of in my girlish fancy is only fit to turn a mangle. I should make ten times as good a man as he is. I acted my part well, though, did I not ?" " You did, indeed, Lydia, I had a rare job to help laughing." I was in a terrible fix once, though ; my moustache nearly came off in my napkkin 1 However I managed tn stick it ou agaiD. Do y n think your husband suspected anything ?" " Well, Lydia dear, you must really grant my pardon ; but the fact is, I told him. He is so sharp, he would have been almost sure to have found you out, and then he might have been taken by surprise." " Told him, Julia I And be knew that I was a woman all the time 1" " Yes, dear, it was best, indeed. Besides, he might have got jealous, yon know, thinking you a live cornet." " And he knows who I am, too, of course ?" " Yes." " Well, I'm going to-morrow, so it does not matter, does it ? You must drive me to that lane, where I can put a woman's gown over these things, and then take me round to the station." " Certainly, dear. Oh, how sorry I am that you must go so soon." " Never mind, love ; I will return after Christmas in my own character." " That is a promise mind. And now, dear, tell the ; truth ; you are not altogether sorry to find that Waters is not worth a vow of celibacy, are you ?" : " Really, I hardly know." "You have liked Mr. Robert Staunton a great deal better this long time, have you not ?" " I shan't tell you, ; inqusitive mother of my fat godchild — there !" But I don't mind telling you, 0 reader, that i she certainly married that chosen one of her parents the following autumn. Reader, And does she still wear the — the dress? Actually no ; metaphorically, I cannot Bay. Married readers must guess. Flunkeyism of a New Soil. — There is a peculiar British institution, well known on the other side of the Atlantic as fluukeyisra, which may be defined as a slavish veneration for rank. It is a great bore, and we flattered ourselves we were well rid of it since our arrival in the States ; but a San Francisco morning journal rudely dis pelled that notion by a more than usually prosy article on the viriues of Queen Victoria. We ad mit the said Queen is a moral woman, an average mother, and was a good wife ; bnt we do not see that the possession of these qualities, unaccom panied by any great endowments of head or heart, is sufficient to make her the best and greatest of English sovereigns since the time of Alfred the Great. A good moral character in a sovereign is not such a rarity as Victoria's loyal admirers would have us believe. It is true that, with the exception of her weak-minded grandfather, she is tho first de cent member of her family that has sat on the Eng lish throne ; but that simply shows the peculiar sense of tho nation in enduring such rulers. We confess we can't see any reason whatever for ex travagant admiration of a lady who maintuins a good character, and is paid about two millions of dollars per annum for doino — nothincr. — Rnn Francisco Monitor. 