Is tho country to be suffered helplessly to sink into "tbe slougli of despond" under tlio weight of unnecessary taxation, or is any effort to bo made to keep it afloat, either by lightening tbo burden or by strengthening tko colony up to tbo point at which it will bo able to bear the fiscal weight laid upon it by Messrs. Flux - cis, M'Cuelocd and Co ? That is a ques tion which tho pnblio should without delay take into their consideration. If they do not do so spontaneously, and at once, they will find it will bo forced upon thorn by circumstancos before any length nf time has elapsed. Tbo pressure of taxation will he _ felt to be so heavy and so universal, if things go on as at present, that the people of Victoria will bo compelled' to take immediate steps either for lightening tbo burden or strengthening tho public back that lias to bear it. One or the other course mnst he taken. The vast sum of L3.379.07S, which tbe Government now demands to meet tbe public expenditure of 18G7, must bo reduced at first by at least a quarter of a million sterling, and subsequently and permanently by ' a still larger amount, if tho com- munity is to experience any sensiblo relief from the burden of taxation. He- trcnchment to this extent can bo readily effected if tbe Ministry and the Legisla tive Assembly choose to set fairly about it. Thero are several largo items in tho Esti mates which might be very well tolerated if tho country were in a remarkably pros perous condition, but not otherwise ; and these ought to bo done away with. There is far too much of tho uselessly-ornamental and ostentatiously scientific to bo found amongst the items of our annual public expenditure for a State so completely in its teens, and with its resources so unde veloped as Victoria is. Looking nt our Government estimates, it would seem as if every item of expenditure of the most exceptional kind that is to bo found in the annual estimates of an old and aristo cratic country like England, had been copied by ns, pretty much as a young parvenu might _ copy tho outlay of a lordly millionaire on luxurious equi pages, Every sort of costly nick- nack is indulged in, from a Govern ment paleontologist to a deputy-assistant shorthand- writer — from gorgeous books and furniture, _ and articles of vert it, to handsome salarios for tbe esthetic employ ment of professors, librarians, savant, and others of tho tribe of ornate parasites that luxuriate in tbo golden sunshine of Vic torian Government patronage. Instead of acting as a mere colony should act — that is, instead of maintaining a moderate, purely utilitarian, and economic public expenditure, such as the moderate circum stances, andnevy-born fortunes, and inevi table' struggles of colonial life would justify and w'ould allow us easily to maintain, we have" launched forfb into tho most fantastic forms of outlay, ns if somo moon struck academic doctor presided over our public expenditure. Wo will not on tho present occasion enter upon the invidious task of particularising any of tbe multi- form and whimsical itoms wherein tho public money is frittered away, without the slightest benefit in return resulting to tho community, but we think there are obvious grounds onongh which, will suggest themselves to every thinking man to justify tbo demand for the appointment of either a committee of both Housps of Parliament, or of n commission to delibe rate and report upon a certain number of expensive items in the estimates, in order to their being expunged altogether. In addition, too, there is that shapeless and unintelligible subdivision of tho_ annual expenditure, to which the generic name of " contingencies" is given, and which is a perfect labyrinth in whose mazes any amount of abuses may lie hid. These " contingencies" sum up to tho largo amount of L700,o53 for tho presont year; and they aro annually increasing. _ They are put in such a way on tlio cstimntos that it would require a chapter of oxpla- nations for each departmental sub-section of these " contingencies" to become intel ligible to any one outside tlio charmed circle of official life. And we need hardly observe that theso explanations aro never forthcoming. If the Assembly could over haul tho " contingencies" as readily and as thoroughly as an ordinary man of business could check off his petty- cash disbursements, it would he discovered that a couple of hundred thousand pounds or so might bo struck off our yearly expen diture, without any detriment whatever to the efficiency of the Government service. On the other hand, if no practical step is to be taken towards reducing the pres sure of our at present very burdonsome taxation, is it not incumbent on us to make some effort to increase tho nnmbcr of producers of wealth and payers of taxes amongst us, in order that wo may lighten the burden by spreading its weight over a greater number of people, and at the same time make somo positive pro gress as a community in national growth, prosperity, and power ? At present we uro stationary ; and any slight increase of production by our farmers, our tradesmen, or our manufacturers, would result in a glut of tho products of our natiyo industry that would paralyzo credit and lead to general bankruptcy. Our community is so small that the utmost limits of its power of consumption aro soon reached ; and beyond that point all the fruits of our industry, whether they are hats and boots, or flour and potatoes, become, in the absence of a foreign lparket, utterly worthless— just as the logs and loins of mutton of our squatters were of little or no value in tbe days before tbe gold discovery, when the population of Victoria was counted by tens or at most hundreds, instead of, as now, by tens and hundreds of thousands. Without a con stant influx of ndditional population wo cannot venture to employ our labour and oar capital fully, or by enlarged production of any kind add to our permanent wealth as a people, simply because our very limited home market, which is tbe only market wo have got to rely on, can be so readily flooded with products of every description. Mr. IIiginbotiiam, in that most wretched " break down _ ot a speech oi hiB on tho tariff last week, tried amongst his other failures to indulge in tlio usual clap- trap against assisted immigration. Me has a notion that this sort of thing is popular amongst the working classes. His illustration, however, was a very unfor tunate ono. Ho said that tlio female workers in slop clothing establishments, who are earning 10s. 9d. per week, bad. a right to feel aggrieved because female im- migrants were assisted to come to tho colony hy tho Government. What ho meant to convoy was, that thoy were ex posed to competition in the labour market, and consequently to tho prospect _ of reduced wages, by tbe public money being used to introduce additional femalo im migrants into the colony. But does it not occur to him that there is another and a truer way of regarding it ? Does he not think that the increased influx of female workers enables other manu facturing capitalists to open additional manufacturing establishments, and pre vent a monopoly of tho market in the hands of n few, and thus lower prices, and therefore tho cost of living so far to tho poorer classes ; .whilst the increased wnges set afloat amongst the operatives gives a prosperous impulse to trade generally, and the number cf taxpayers h enlarged to sharo in tho ' genernl burden of taxation nnd lighten it to the community at large ? And does not Mr. Higinbotham see that this process, re peated in an over-widening circle with all other classes of immigrants, would go on adding indefinitely to our wealth and our power by the continuous development of our resources, as long as these resources ndmittcd of _ legitimate development P WaBitnot this course of proceeding that developed tho population, power and wealth of the United Stntcs of America to a far raster extent during tho last thirty years than had occurred during the entire 300 years preceding? Must wo, too, creep along through centuries of colonial crawling, before wo have tho courage and the intelligence to stimulate by every way in onr power the constant influx of armies of new workers, now consumers, and now tax-payers ? Tho City Council will meet nt a quarter-past 3 o'clock this afternoon, and somo rather Im portant business hns to be disposed of. The Legislative Committee, in their report, recom mend thr.t the necessary steps ho taken for the division of Smith Ward, end the creaiion of that part of Smith Ward north of Fnreday street and the portion of Grattnn street which Is west of Madeline street into a separate ward, under the nemo of Sutton Ward. Councillor Butters will submit a motion relative to the extension of rite provisions of the Building Act to tbe whole city j end AWertnnn "SVrogge, one relative to tho planting of trees along the sides of the principal streets of the city. In the now Lunacy Dill is a clause empower ing the Jlester in Lunsey to euud to nny privnto or public asylum any confirmed drunkard for a period not exceeding six mouths, either upon his own application or that of h'is near relatives. At the matriculation examination of the Uni versity of Melbourne, held in the February Term, 18G7, fblrty-cight candidates presented themselves fur oxaminnt'on, of whom ninefceu passed, as follows: — John Sexton, with credit; Gcorgo Thomas Alien, Charles Andrew, Henry Dawes Bonsey, Richard George Burke, William Mason Cox, Edmund Finn, Edward John Ful- fnrd, Willi lin Harkcr, Victor Edwin Heudorson, Henry Jennings, James Lewis, Walter Synnot Manifold, William Fowning, Thomas 7'heophilus Quick, Frederick Kenry Ritchie, Edward Rus sell, Samuel James Swiudley, John Wilson. We understand that it is shortly intended to give six grand concerts in the new Exhibition- building, in aid of tho public charities of Mel bourne. An action was tried in the Supreme Court on Saturday, fn which Messrs. Bright Brothers, as owners of the ship Salamander, were sued by o tilr. Gardiner, wbo bad been supercargo of the vcss'el, for injuries ho had sustained whilst acting In that capacity. A bullock on board the ship bad smashed his knre cap by u kick, and he alleged that the accident was caused through tbe partitions not being sufficiently strong. He was nonsuited, ns it was not shown the defendants werd answerable for the manner in which the fittings word constructed. A singular case will come ij>fore the Supremo Court during the present sittings'.' florae time " ">c police succeeded in seizing a stM la Ills Plenty ranges, Which had been carried on for a j long period most cunningly on what was pro fessedly o dairy form. Milk cans used to be carted into town in the ordinary manner, but suspicion was aroused by the fact that the chief customers for tbo " milk " were tbo keepers of tbe cheap drink houses, nnd that while tbo re turn loads consisted apparently of manure, in reality sugar and malt were conveyed to tho farm under that cloak. The milkman was hcarily fined and the property on tbe farm con fiscated. Not paying the fioe he was seHtto gaol, and he has now commenced en action agninst tho Crown for the value of the cows seized, on the ground that they were not his property, nnd that he had to make good tho veins to their rightful owner. The Rakaia with the Panama malls arrived nt Sydney yesterday afternoon. A summary of tho ne ws by this opportunity will bo found in another portion ot tho paper. Sydney papers to the 28th ult. have reached us by tbe steamship Barwon, but they do not contain nny items of Interest. Particulars are given from Auckland journals to the 13th ult. ef somo unimportant movements near Tanranga of disaffected natlves/- By the steamship Gothenburg we have Hoki- tikn papers to the 23rd ult. What appears to bo afoul murder Is reported. It appears that n few days ago a traveller on foot, passing the accommodation hut at the One Tree Creek, dis tant sixty-six miles from Christchurcb, went in there to rest for tbo night. Whilst there he per ceived a strange smell, and on searching about outside tbe but ho found in the creek close by what appeared to be pert of a human being sticking nut of the shingle bed. This caused a further search, and n human body was exhumed, bearing marks of having been brutally mur dered. Tho corpse had on a shirt only, the trousers being found butted on tho banks of the cieek, near tbe spot where the body was dis covered. Tite head exhibited two or three fright ful cuts, tho left templo over the eye was com pletely knocked In, and a gash which appeared to irave been inflicted by a sharp instrument was discernible over the right eye. The bed in the hat in which the unfortunate man seems to have lain, exhibited marks of blood, and close to tho creek a temahawk was found, which, judging from the nature of the Injuries on the head of the murdered man, is the weapon which had been used. The man appeared to have been dead some weeks, tho lower part of tbo body being very mucb decomposed. So far no cluc to tbo murderers had been discovered, but tho Chris'.churoh and Bealey police were most ac tively prosecuting the search for the perpetrators of so loul a crime. In mining matters there is very little of interest reported ; a rush had set In to a beach situated a few miles north ef Haast River, and prospects of 3gr. of coarso shingle guld to tho shovelful, according to tho local journals, been obtained ; tho miners at the Haast numbered about 1000. From the S, A, Advertisir of the 27th ult., to hand by the steamship Penola, wo take the accompanying : — " We havo received tbif fol lowing additional particulars respecting tho dis covery of gold In the Barrier Ranges from Mr. Edmunds, manager of Mcsstb. Goods and Jones' run in that quarter, who left the station about a mouth ego, an nccount of 111 health. The discovery Is close to Messrs. Goode end Jones' head station, and had been kept com paratively quiet for somo time. About three months ago ono of tbe shepherds, an old Bendigo quarlz- reefer, with another of the hands, found a nugget In a creek near by, and on this, tho ex- recfcr procured a hammer and tried tho quartz, succeeding in knocking out several nuggets. Shortly after ho left the station, intenaing, according to bi9 own statement, to claim the re ward of L2UOO offered by tbe New South Wales Government for the discovery of a gold- field. The nffntr created somo excitement In the neighbourhood, the more so from the likely character of tho country, but the dis covery of alluvial gold near tho seme spot oc curred after Mr. Edmunds left for Adelaide. Tbe locality Is about 100 miles from Meniadle nnd Mount Murchison. Thero arc no perma- nent lakes within forty miles, and the water generally Is inferior. Campbell's Creek Is near the new diggings, and contains a good deal of water for some months in the year, but the dig gers would have to depend mainly on what they stored In winter or obtained by sinking. The gullies and rises nnd the lay of the lend reminds old diggers very strongly of the auri ferous country In Victoria. There Is abun dance of quarts often leading "away in ridges for great distances. Ironstono abounds, and Elate, and, what is very promising, there is a pipeclay bottom. Numbers of men arc rushing to the spot, and the squatters aro already feeliug the inconvenience seriously in the less of their hands." Mr. M'Kenzte, o farmer residing between Glnncs and Mount Glasgow, hns recently been boring in search of water, says the Bullserat Post, and nt the depth 1 of 333(t. ho hit upon a stratum of black clay, a specimen of which has been submitted to a number of experienced gentlemen, who pronounce with certainty that this peculiar day is never found except an the tup of a seam of coal. A well-known civil engi neer has so much faith in the discovery that he litis already secured a mining right to some 2000 ncres of lend under which tho coal Is supposed to lio. A meeting was held in the Primitive Methodists' chapel, Nortbcote, on Friday even ing, to consider the advisability of securing that building, no longer used for religious services, as a readiug- room and public ball. After consi derable discussion it was resolved that a joint stock company should be formed to purchase the building, the capital to be L200, in 200 shares of LI each. Fifty shnrcs were taken up in tho room, and a provisional committee appointed. A meeting to consider the advisability of im proving the enclosures containing tho graves of those who fell nt the Eitrcnka outbreak, is an nounced to be held at Craig's hotel, Ballaarat, on Tuesday evening. On Saturday afternoon, tho monthly meeting for practice of the East Melbrurne Rifle nnd Carbine _Club took place at the Sandridge butts, twenty-one members attending. Advan tage was taken of tbe occasion by members of the East Melbourno Artillery completing the second competition for the Small-bore Challenge Rifle belonging to tho corps. Tho winner proved to be Gunner Brown, who made a fine score of 00 points ; Sergeant Wardill coming next, with 79 points ; Captain Stokes third, 77 points; and Guoner. Henderson fourth, scoring 73 points. Very fair shooting was made by tho whole of the competitors, an average of 72 paints per raun having been obtained. The ranges fired over were 200, 300, 100, nnd 500 yards ; seven shots at each distance ; in nny position'.' The return match with tho Willinms- town Rifla Club has been postponed by them, on account of their targets being taken up with the period firing. A little curiuiity — half vermin, half bird, or a species of bat, having (instead of wings) n feathered tail about 3in. long — -was discovered the other day down a slinft 35ft. deep at the Dry Diggings, near Daylcsford. It is to be forwarded to Melbourne. During the last week or two, remarks tbe Davlesford Jixprcss, a couple of sly-grog In formers hnve been plying their avocntkn with considerable industry In the neighbourhood ol Bullnrook, Eastern Hill, and Deep Creek. With a view of concealing their calling, these two worthies resorted to tbe novel expedient of driving a covered waggon about tho country, and under the guise of peripatetic crockery mer chants succeeded in "bowling ont," to thel heart's content, unwary storekeepers and un licensed retailers of liquor. Tho Kyneton Guardian understands that Mr. Tboinas Adair, district surveyor of Ballaarat, will be Mr. Couchman's Bucce3«or at Castlc- maine. The annual conversazione of the Royal Society takes place tlds evening. The hall will bo open nt 7 o'clock, and tho address of tho president will be delivered itt 8 o'clock. In the course of the evening the spectroscope, microscope, besides I various forms of electric and other scientific In- i struments, will be exhibited, Professor M'Coy will also discourse upon some interesting sub jects ; and the Rev. J. E. Woods will offer a few remarks " On tho Glacial period of Aus tralia " The valuator to the Guildford Borough Council has for the present landed that body in some littlo difficulty, observes tho M. A. Mail, in consequence of " his skill and judg ment" being altogether at fault in the duty he had to perform. The Assessment Committee of the council are busily employed rectifying the errors of tbelr officer (so far as tbo valuation Is concerned). We understand that the valuator threatens the council with ell sorts of pnlns and penalties, criminal informations, and so od, for interferlog with bis work, which of course will be properly estimated, and serve as notes of warning to them for the future. The rumour thnt has been ia circulation for the' past day or two that tbe directors nf the Vic torian Woollen and Cloth Manufacturing Com pany were in negotiation for the sole of their plant to the company formed in. Melbourno for a similar purpose, is, tho GeeloDg Advertiser learns from the directors, without the slightest foundation, and this being the ease, tho rumour must have been circulated by those parties who wished to annoy the directory or injure the com pany. Tbo course ef conduct pursued by the the late secretory towards the directors, and which led to his dismissal, will be fully laid before the next meeting of shareholders. That Qeratd, the man convicted nt the Mory- borsugh Circuit Court of obtaining gnods by means of false pretences, dined with J udge Maco- boynfew days before his arreBt, ns asserted by the Maryborough Advertiser, is authoritatively de nied by the Talbot leader. The M. A, Mail ventures to say a more extraordinary decision was never arrived at in any case brought under the Dog Act than one given in the local police court on Friday. To sum tho matter up in a few words, Mr. Met calfe, of the Exchange hotel, who was sum moned as being the owner of an unrcglstcd dog, proved the animal belonged to another person. The owner came forward and swore to tho ownership, and It Is notorious the dog does belong to a character equally well known, named Franco. The Bench not only fined Mr, Met calfe, but increased the usual sum, apparently because he proved the dog was not his. Franco produced his registration certificate, token oat the day before, in hia own name ; therefore the Bench had no excuse for the injustice they committed, A number of persons residing In Geelong and Belmont havo associated together, sajs the Advertiser, for the purpose of leasing en island some 40,Q00 acres In extent, from the Tasmanian Government. There thoy Intend to carry on a large dairy farm and breed plga for the colonial markets. They will, doubtless, be well re warded for their outlay, for pig-breeding is one of tho most profitable pursuits that can bo men tioned. The par:y referred to Intend taking a medical gentleman with them ; in fact, they intend to form a new littlo colony, A schooner, some forty or fifty tons, is now being built, and when this is completed they will start for their new home. Joseph Lees, a well-known butcher at Talbot, was arrested on Thursday last, on a charge ol cattlo-atcalinc. It is stated in Talbot that Mr. P. C. Cresplgny, P.M., haB been appointed coroner for the district, vice Dr. Bow, deceased. The resident surgeon of the Lying-in Hos pital reports for tho month ending 20th Feb ruary : — Remaining In Hospital at date, 30; admitted In month, 30 ; out-patients In month,' 3G0 ; new cases in month, GO. A report having been circulated in Dayles- ford that tbe defendants in the notorious arson ease contemplated absconding from the colony, Carrlngbam, at tbo instance of Lis bondsman (Mr. Harper), was re- arrested late on Thursday night. About an hour afterwards, however, Mr. Harper, finding that tbe report was without foundation, again beenme security for his ap pearance, and he was liberated. In response to an invitation from the pro prietors of the Argus, tbe employes of that establishment, with their fatnllcs and a few friends, about 400 in all, proceeded to Queens- cliff, on Saturday, in tbe steamship Alexandra, and, after a most enjoyable day, returned to Sandridge in the evening. Mr. Charles Young has become stage manager of Solomon's Victoria Theatre, Adelaide, and lies engaged a good company, including Mrs. Jack son, Airs. Ray, Miss Tilly Earl, Messrs. Andrews, Barford, and J. Edouiu. Air. and Mrs. Heir, and Air. Fitzgerald, it is said, will shortly join them. The Australian Monthly Magazine seems to have made its mark, and to bo likely to maintain a permanent place amongst the periodical literature of the colony. The ATarch number contains a varied assortment of very readable matter. The commencement of " My Stoiy, or tbo Fate of the Aladagascar," gives excellent promise for tho future, nnd tho Rev. J. E. T. Woods' contribution to Australian biblio graphy, allows great research on tho part of the writer. Air. Walstab contributes a lively sketch of" How I became a Groom," an episode of 1854, when gentlemen certainly did strange things, though wc never recollect hearing nny of them wearlog o livery. " The Relations between Labour nnd Capital" contains some sensible sug gestions, and tho " History of the Opera" will provo interesting to those who hava not had tbe opportunity of reading tbe books from which the writer has culled his narrative. Air. Armea Beaumont is still in n very pre carious state. Upon inquiry yesterday we were informed that it is doubtful whether he will regain hia eyesight. Cricket appears to excite little or no interest tills season, and scarcely a really good match has taken place. On Saturday, a match was ar ranged to havo taken placo between the Alel- bourne and Richmond clubs, but nt the time appointed Uie Melbourne team was abort by several men ; and Richmond beiog in scarcely a better position, tho match fell through. The second elevens of those clubs played on the Mel bourne ground, when, owing to the very suc cessful slow bowling of Plummer, tho Richmond men were speedily disposed of In their first in nings for 30, Alelbourne scoring 05. In the second inplngs Richmond bad four wickets down for about 70 runs. Tho return match between elevens from the establishments of Sands and Al'Dougall and Alessre. Detmold, was plajed on tho Barrack reserve, nnd resulted in the defeat of tho former by 33 runs, the numbers being 5G nnd 89 respectively. The employes ef Banks Brothers and Robison against an eleven from the establishment of M'Ewan and Co., played a match, which concluded in favour of the former. East St. Kilda beat the Wesley College eleven by n majority of 76 against 38. A match was commenced between the East Melbourne and South Alelbourne Clubs, and will ba continued next Saturday. The South Melbourno men obtained 133 runs in tbelr first Innings, while none of tbe East Alelbourne men had been dis posed of when the stumps were drawn, Phillips and Heran being at the wickets, nnd having scored 56 runs between them. " A game be tween tho Albion and Sutton Clubs resulted in an easy vietory for tho former. For a female to attempt to play Ilamlet is on arduous ant) hazardous undertaking, and yet several females have made the attempt, and not always succeeded. Airs. Siddons, AIBs Cusb- man, and AIlss Marriott havo in turn sustained the character, but none of these actresses have made or added to professional reputation bp so doing. They have attained to n certain stan dard of excellence in tbelr profession, and could therefore afford to experiment. There Is a novelty about tho thing, and a strong savour of the sensational, but it is not legitimate. The novelty of a female Hamlot in this colony has been introduced by Miss Cleveland (Mrs. Vin cent), who, on Saturday night,, appeared at tbe Theatre Rcypl in the character of tho Prince of Denmark, As was anticipated, there was a good attendance, tbe upper and lower parts of the house being well filled by' Q somewhat demon strative audience. It might vWV reasonably be expected that Aliss Cleveland, with lierprofes- sionftl attainments, and moreover being possessed of physique aud power, would ulvaTl and Intelligent reading of tbe part tryf,lc Blso evident that Mrs. Vincent bad cW w careful study to the part. Her attitudes Wp'Uch good, BHd tho busiocss gencrolly W08 w.,, 1 !t7 ducted ; but, taken ns a whole, there was In the performance to raise it above the i f® a fair average representation. Nothlmr of iarly striking, except that's female was fU" J the part, and the heavy monotony which S ' vaded tbe performance throughout. If I'®r" believe, the first time that' Airs." Vlnc'8 played Hamlet, and she is therefore entlths , considerable amount of credit for her ren I i of a long ond most difficult part, but we d 8 think that n repetition of this style of n»-r n' aoce is likely to add In any degreo to tho m i." and well merited reputation which this hit J ? gained in the legitimate business of Iicr J t sion. She was frequently applauded, nndcal ' before tbe curtain at the conclusion of The King of Denmnrk was played bv Vincent; the Queen, by Mrs. Stonehn'n, Polonius, by Mr. Lambert; Ophelia, bv ' A. AI. Quinn; Horatio, Mr. Gl ,!1 Laertes, Mr. Hatl; First Gravcdi,gcr , ; Stewart; Osrlc, Air. Harwood ; Ghost At Bel lair. Having given the priucipnl cast itt' not necessary to enLer into particulars. So care was bestowed in the mounting ' Model of a Wife" was the afterpiece. ' A performance v.ill toko place on Thumb, evening next, at the Theatre Royal, in aid of ,7 funds of the Lyiug-in Hospitul. " East LySJ, is to be represented. . Mr. Gou, lay's nnd Aliss Aitken's engagaatat it the Heymarket Theatre was brought to dose on Saturday night, when " Alary Q»E. of Scots" was lepeatcd, followed bv " Gu'i'r or The Reiver's Ransom," in which Air. GoZ' ley played Jock Muir. " Tbo Green Busies," which is to be produced at the Haymarkct Theatre to-night, h a drams with which tho name of Aladatne Celeste h Intimately and fnmiliorly associated. The piec. is to be placed upon the stoge after the manner 1 of tbo old Adelpbi, and Colcsto heraelf ha I occupied the week of leisure in attending to the I details. " I A numerous nudiencb assembled at the Poly. I tecbuie-holl on Saturday evening, to witness the first exhibition of what was termed " Tbo drama of Paradise Lost," an Illustration of Milton's poem. So mnny comparatively fruitless at- I tempta have been made by pniuters of eminence to represent on canvas the ideal scenes pictured I by Milton in his poem of " Paradiso Lost," that their adequato representation on the I surfaco of a moro panorama, woj not I to be expected. The '' drmna" i3 de picted by five Bets of scenes, the first cob- i slsting of two or threo very doubtful landscapes I intended to represent tbe Vale of Heaven aud its j angels. The second ecction of scenes begins with the assembly of the hosts of Heaven to hear "the new degree," and contains also a p'cliteot the rebellious Lucifer flying with "ihe thirl part of the angels'' to the north cf space. This represents merely a flight of facts and wings. Those which follow in t his division are viewsof the war of the angels, and ore of a very unsatis factory description. The ' Followers of Satan " are shown to be drawn up in tbo modern military fashion, recognised by our volunteers ; while whole scenes aro raadn up of advancing warriors presenting a sameness in appearance most re markable. The scenes after the Creation aro rather well painted, but an artist with the tastes of Mr. John Martin, of Londou, who is said ta have executed the whole of this panorama, should have felt how inadequate were the efforts of a scene-painter to transfer such a poem to canvas. This description of entertainment is new hire, and from its novelty wUl, perhaps, be successful. The Varieties was crowded on Saturday night, and the entertainments aupenred ta give satis'ac tion. Aliss Liddle has left this establishment, and her place has been inadequately supplied by Mrs. Andrews. 