'Mtelcclcd Poetry. MA.BRIED F0R M6KEY. "Twos-all orer between thoueht, wben we parted, ft was good-bye to mennd to trouble or carc ; A sigli end a tcar.apoorhoy broken-licartcd, Mattered not, for wha.t"&elin;£s bad youthch to spare? Tt was nothing tq you tlfat my best hopes were eliaticrcd. For yon knew all tbe time tliatyoa meant we • should part; DM you think with fair words I should ever feel flattered, From lips feigning truth with such falsehess at heart P -All, lovely and lost one, I lurk in i^ie gloam- > n ft« And think of one-midsummer twilight last year, Hut one little year past, when we two trt&re; roaming filth band locked in band by'the etill solemn ' mere. Hare you, lore, forgotton' that%ight and those pledges,! Half Whispered, lialf sobbed, Wath'tlrtt calm • summer skyP •While still in my ear faintly fibivet the sedges, • And still the low plash of the water sounds nigh. They .tell 1ne you're liappy ; tild yet, on reflection, ' I flnd'tliey'talk more of your wealth than of you j And l if you have moments of thought of dejection, 'It may be thbse moments are known but to few. . . VouVe a boiidfeir in buhl, and an Erard a queue, love; You breakfast'offSfcrres of the real bleu du Koi; While what conld I give yoti, whose heart was so true, Jove, "Save that poor posy ring; with its " Pensez a moi ?" Now blame not your husband, not think you're used badly. For 'twas simply a matter of money and trade; You'named bim your " figure,"be paid it most gladly, But your lieart was no part of the bargain he made. He wanted a wife who could well head his table, Who would humour his whims and obey his behests, One lovely nnd clever, one willing and able— To prove his good taste and 'to talk to his guests. There are times whim 'midst -riches and splendour vou labgbiBh— When to still your poor conscience you fruitlessly try— Whilst tears are fast falling in bitterest anguish, You confess there is something that money can't buy. Yes, lore, there are mcm'rics that will not be buried, There's a ghost of the dead past that trill not be laid; And wbile in the maelstrom of pleasure you're hurried, l)o you never meet the sad eyes of the shade f 