Select C&- T H E 8 LE EP-W A LKE B ; OB, . " : JUST sanauv wus,- , CHAPTER {(XX BY MBS. GORDON 6HYTJHEB, AnttiwctflCtoKaiyr^ThoSVaninla'Bljia;" da. ate. ' Aa> tiie termination of the 'voyage Lady Theresa found herself in an Italian Mad- .houM. . AU protestations of sanity were UBoleas,andfor a long time she was unable to diseojrpr at whose instigation she had been placed there. She had been about six weeks in this horrible prison, when' one day her keepers placed her in a warm bath, carefally brushed and 'dressed her hair.whiohhad been much neglected, and arrayed fair in the very dress in which she had been bronght to the asylum. Theythentold her that an English gentleman had begged to nee her at four o'clock, and that, as that hour was striking, he was probably awaiting her in the visitor's-room. Poor Theresa's heart beat quick at; these tidings. Hope whispered that Sir Arthur had discovered her retreat, and was come in aearoh of her. ' Herkoeperg accompanied her to tho parlonr door. , She entered,- and found herself in the presence of—JACK FRASKS ! Jack Pranks was in deep mourotng. He rushed up to her assheentered, canght her ia his arms, and held her to his heart in a passionate embrace, from whidi, amazed at its protracted fervenoy, she struggled to free bsroelE He tissed her again and again with ffrantio vehemence, in spite of her re&Aance.; Hb tears gushed forth as he did so, and the words— "Thank heaven, I find you well—thank heaven, I see you again. You are mine at last!" burst from his lips. Lady Theresa ready believed some great, and to her unknown, calamity, had affeoted Franks' reason. "How <Ed you find me ia this horrible plaoe i" she said, withdrawing her hands from bis passionate kisses. " Why are you in deep mourning? What has happened? How is Barbara ?—how is my hnsband ?" " Do not a&'me about that miscreant— that murderer," he replied; and as Sfor .poor Barbara, the faulty and faithless one, Ifoigive her. She is at rest for ever." " Good heavens 1 what doyou mean ?" " I mean that, returning from a guilty rendezvous with that fiend, Beaurepaire, she went to the bed she believed <o 'be prepared for her, unaware that,- in the meantime, I had appropriated it to Sir Arthur and yourself As she had granted a rendezvous to Beaurepaire arrayed in yoar diadem and your maiitilla,- and as ^Sir Arthur had witnessed that meeting, and mistaken, her for you (for he was. with me in the Waldegrave Tower when they met, and we were both deceived]), he had rushed immediately after Beaurepaire, whom he killed in the grotto, and then, returning at a late hour to his apartments, and believing that it was you who had just retired to bed in his room, he, mad with rage, jealoaey, and despair, rashed in, and aimed at my poor guilty Barbara's heart the dagger meant for you, angel <of purity and beauty 1 Her cries had alarmed the house; he 4tob found by ber bed, the reeking dagger in his bind, quite unmoved, Barbara quite dead, and everyone but myself believing that it was you whom he had killed. 4 1 The strange resemblance ef &rm; .and feature'betweenyou and your sister prevented any suspicion of the trnth. The .Toom was almost dark when feedid the deed. He, of course, never beheld the woman be bad killed. To any imt the «yo <ef love, it seemed, indeed, to be Theresa, fiedth, which would not spare eves your IriSianit bloom; your angelio expression, your vamed •dharm, your rich coloring, rendered it very (difficultto distinguish you from that false, Sraii woman. " He meant to nrerder yoa. He bdEeved he had murdered you. AH the world was, and is, convinoed that yon were the victim. A coroner's inquest sat on what all supposed to be your body—a verdict of wilful murder against Sir Arthur Waldegrave was found. He was taken before a magistrate, and committed to Glasgow jail, there to await his trial for wife murder; and jou it would have been now lying in that bloody gtave, but that the all-foreseeing eye of love saved you, my idolized one. *' Theresa, since first I beheld yon, I have adored you, worshipped yon, lived for you— aye, and would gladly have died for you. I saw—for true love is very quick-sighted—I saw that you loved another; but I vowed you should yet be mine. I knew he could not love you as I did. Vanity, mother rfjealousy, formed half his passion for you. My love was unalloyed by one fading of which you were not the source. To be near you I wedded that cold, soulless statue, Barbara. A cold, soulless statue to me, but capable of nursing in her breast unholy fire for that vain fool, Beaurepaire. " Seeing you were doomed, if you.remained at Waldegrave Castle or the Nunnery, and having discovered that Lady Rosemount was at Park-cottage, I bribed Pinette, and I effected your abduction, and now I am free for Barbara sleeps in the grave dug for you.' You are free, for in a fortnight Sir Arthur will be hanged for murder—wife-murder the world calls it, little deeming that it was my wife whom he murdered, not his. Beaurepaire, killed by 8ir Arthur, lies covered by the eea in the rocky vaults beneath the grotto, and while every eye bewails you as the murdered victim of Sir Arthur, Barbara and Beaurepaire are supposed to have eloped together. Well, then, what remains to you on earth? My love—a love oompared to which Sir Arthur's boyish flame will seem as yon pale, trembling star to the noonday sun. "In a fortnight, Theresa—my Theresa! I will return to olaim you. All will then be over. Yoa shall leave this painful but necesean bondage; I will make yon mine for ever, and I will bear you to a new scene of grandeoi and beauty of which you have nooonoeption; to Canadian forests, that own me for their master; the noble rivers and extensive plains, will be ours only; to Ranks Castle (theseat of my father), where you shall reign supreme over all, even over the oaatle's master, for love shall makehim your willing slave! Come, angel of this dark world, come to my heart, and say you will repay this great, this boundless love!" Lady Theresa had listened to Jack Frank's strange story of horror and crime with dis- tended eyes, and lipg apart, from which ever and enon escaped a cry of agony. t She sat, growing pole and stiffwith horror and despair as the aimes of faer husband, the murder of her Bister, and ftat of Beaurepaire, were ocmveyed one after the other to ner astounded and startled mind. ' At the allosion to the penalty Sir Arthur must pay for his crimes she * had shuddered, and grown icy oold, while a spasm in her hpjirt, ^nd a choking sensation in her. throat, pti. rendered articulation impossible; but 'when Jack Pranks .turned from his strange .tale of blood and doom to the confession of ^ wild long-hidden lpve for herself, she had drawn a lijbtle away t from him, with a feeling of involrihtafy repugnanoe, aiid when be tried to.fold her in bis arms, she had rushed, wildly screaming, from his proffered embrace, and darting to tnB door, was there received and captured by a keeper, who acted as sentinel in the hall. Vainly she shrieked, vainly the straggled Shrieks and struggles were nothing new in the prison of the outcasts of reason. She heard Jaok Franks explain that this paroxysm had been occasioned by some allusions to her home. She saw that she was supposed at L'Asilo to be his wife, to he the Lady Barbara. She heard him beg that no coercion or severity, not absolutely necessary, might be used, and heard him say that in about a fortnight he should visit her again. He gave largely to the attendants, to secure their anxious and watchful care of •"his beloved wife," and then he toot his leave, and she was carried back to her own ward, and put to bed. A strong sedative was administered, the room wasdaibeneil,«nd worn out with excitement, and stupefied by the narcotic, she fell Soon after this, Lady Theresa escaped from her keepers, and meeting the Black Bear, waB oonveyed in safety to her mother—arriving just in tune to save her husband from the gallows. Jack Franks was tried, convicted and hanged. Before his execution he made a confession from which it -appeared that he had previously committed many orimes. THE ENS OF THIS TALE. ANOTHER PLOOD IN YOBKSHIBE.—The extremely heavy rains on Sunday caused the Bye and tributaries gieatly to oweifflow during Monday and Tuesday, and in Byedale and in the valley of the Lower Derwent much land is again submerged, this being the tenth overflow since July last.— A GBABHJC DESCRIPTION OP CHINA.—A country where the roses have no fragrance, and the women no petticoats; where the laborer has no Sabbath, and the magistrate no sense of honor; where the roads bear mo vehicles, and the ships no keels; where old men fly kites; where the needle points to the south, and the sign -of being puzzled is to «cratdi;the antipodes on the heel; where the place of honor is on the left hand, and the seat of intellect is in the stomaeh; where to take off your hat in an insolent gesture, and to wear white garments is to put yourself in mourning; which has a literature without an alphabet, and a language without a grammar. COAI AND OIL AS STEAK PUIS,.—Preparations on a large scale for a final trial of oil .and coal as steam fuel are now being made at Woolwich dockyard. A common service boiler, belonging to the Teater gun-boat, is first to be tried with coal, at the common rate of combustion,and then foreedtjonsumption, to get the greatest amount of evaporation the boiler is capable of. The coal grates are then to be taken out and oil grates sub, stitoted. The process is to be carried out to its fullest extent, high superheated stem and hot air being introduced. Ooal and oil will thus be tbe tried for tbe first time in exactly equal conditions, and the results are looked forward to with great interest, more especially by those who are engaged in ooal mining and in the manufacture of oil.— A HARD HIT.—Commenting on the alleged scanty remuneration obtained by the agricultural laborer from his employers, the Mark Lane Express observes:—"At the very worst, all that can be urged against the farmer is, that he has been buying in the cheapest market, as it is said is the practice <of some of the reverend dignitaries, who are, nevertheless, so bitter against him. According to a west country journal, • they give as little as need be to the journeyman parson who does the work all the year round, and especially in the time of the employer's absence. They make no division of profits with the curates, and do precisely in this respect what they charge the farmers with doing. They get the work done at the market price of that class of labor, and not at the amount which they can afford to pay for it,' It is not, perhaps, very probable that the enrates will go out upon strike; bat still, subscriptions might be raised in commercial rooms and other public resorts in order to remove them and their families to districts where a better rate of wages is to be commanded.." LONGEVITY.—A remarkable case of longevity has just occurred at Heiligenstadt, in Lower Saxony, where a shoemaker, named Joseph Tanod, has died at the age of 114 years. He was a Hungarian, born in 1752, and had taken part in the campaign against the Turks, in which he received five wounds. He had lived a very temperate life, and for the last eleven years had not touched meat; on the other hand, he was a great smoker, and scarcely ever without a pipe in his mouth. TheUnder-Sherifis of Londonhave received a communication from tbe Home Secretary respiting, during Her Majesty's pleasure, the sentence of death paBsedon Charles Anderson, a Swedish Bailor, at the last sessions of the Central Criminal Court, for the murder of a fellow-seaman, named Marnohein, on board the ship Baby Castle, on a voyage from Penang to England in November last. The Caledonian Mercury, which claimed to be the oldest newspaper in the kingdom, and which for some months past was issued in the form of an evening halfpenny paper, ceased to exist in March, after having been published for more than two centuries. CONTBAMES.—People say they shell peaB when they unshell them; that they husk oorn when they unhusk it; that they dust furniture when they undust it, or take the dust from it; thattney skin a calf when they nnskin it; and that they scale fishes when they unscale them. Many men say they are going to weed their gardens, when their gardens arc weedy enough already. SENATOR YATES UPON HIS TEMPERANCE EEFOBMATION.—" Yon say, of what use is the pledge ? I will tell you. Twenty days ago there came along a friend of mine a senator—and said, .'Let us take a drink.' I said, ' Certainly, all right.* Another friend from Illinois in about three minutes came along and said, ' Let us take.a drink.' Said ' 'All right.' It is this way. One drink liquor is enough for me; two ain't half enough (laughter.) Three is only one-third enough, ana four Is chaos. After I signed this temperance pledge I wrote to a little lady cut in IUinois, who weighs about a hundred pomids, has black hair and flashing black eyes, uid ' a form fairer • than Grecian ebisel ever, woke fromParian marble,' and I received the following answer*:—'My dear Bichard, —How beautiful is this morning; how bright the sun shines; ho<gr sweetly onzv birds sing; how joyous the children; how lTappy is my heart. I see the smile of God. He has answered the prayer. Always proud of yoor success, you have now aohieved that success which God and angels will bless. It IB the shining summit of human aspiration, for you to have coitquered yoursel£ All who love you will aid you to keep the pledge. I love you, my dear boy.— "Love, the 6an, soul, end centreof the moral universe * Ziove, which links angel to angel, and God to mail Xiove, which binds in one two loving hearta. How beautiful ia lore." <Applause.) —You are here to-night to see the snowy white flag of temperance as it is unfurled over the capitol of your country, as it riaee and rises, and unfurls to God, and spreads until it shall cover tbe whole land, and until there shall not be a drunkard nor a moderate drinker te take away the bloom from the cheek of female beauty, and until all the hearthstones of this land shall blaze with comfort and joy, and happiness and gladness shall dwell m green freshness there. (Great applause.)—Boston Paper. MITEDEB AT BoMnro&Ast.;—The inquest respecting the death of John Pryse, traveller for tho firm of Piyse and Redman, gun manufacturers, of Birmingham, who was shot on the 6th April, by James 'Scott, wfeose defalcations ihe had .exposed, was held at Birmingham on Wednesday. A verdict of " Wilful Murder " was returned and the prisoner was committed for trial. In his ontward demeanor Scott was collected, and during the proceedings he listened most attentively to the evidence of the witnesses. Helias quite recovered from the injury he had received in his struggle with the brother of the man whom he murdered. CHILD MURDER NEABGXASGOW.—Allocking case of child murder occurred -on Saturday, at Pollockshaws, near Glasgow. The perpetrator was a woman named Margaret Hunter, or Beaton, the wife of a laborer, and the victim her child, an infant two months old. It is said that about twelve months ago Mrs. Beaton exhibited symptoms of mental aberation, which led to her being confined in an asylum. Latterly she has again become very eccentric in ter habits; so much so that for -a week past her hnsband remained at home to keep wattih over her. On Saturday afternoon the husband happened to go out for a. few minutes, and the wrctched woman, taking advantage -of his absence, cut the child's throat from oar to ear with a table knife. She made no attempt to injure two other children who were sitting by the fireside, but ran at once to a sister's house and told what she had done. She was there takeu into custody, and removed to the county prism at Paisley, A MARRTABE BETWEEN DWARFS.—On Monday morning a couple of dwarfs, Mr. Samuel Neild and Mies Janet Campbell, who are fulfilling an engagement at a theatre in Sunderland, were married at the parish church. The bridegroom is 49 years of age, and 42 inches in height; and the bride 37 years of age, and 42 inches in height. POCB AT A BIBTH.—The Pungoh of Naples relates a rare case of Amalfi. The wife of an oil merchant named Amendola, aged 27, has been delivered of four girls, all of whom, with tbe mother, are doing well. The raising of the ships sunk in Sebaritopol harbor is, according to the last accounts, proceeding but slowly. The masts and rigging have been removed, butlhe hulls still remain eix or seven fathoms deep in the muddy bottom. An aeronautnamedHodsman, whoascended cm Monday from the Exhibition Palace at Dublin, descended safely at midnight near Appleby,in Westmoreland, the balloon having been taken by a strong upper current across the Channel in seven hours.— Mr. Harford Mellor asserts that he has discovered the remains of King Alfred, which have now been buried 966 years. The bodies of Ethelbald and Ethelbert, King Alfred's two brothers,lie buried in Sherborne Abbey. Mr. Mellor feels confident that the Boyal remains are now lying in the gilt mortuary over the chancel of Hyde parish church, near Winchester; and the two leaden plates found by him, with the king's name upon them, are now in the hands of the vicar, the Bev. W. Williams. The town of DeSoto, opposite Vicksbnrg, was suddenly inundated a few dayB since, and from eighty to one hundred negroes were drowned. The people of Vicksburg made strenuous efforts to rescue the poor creatures, but could only reach such as had secured temporary places of safety. The town was exclusively occupied by negroes "Tom, tell me the greatest lie you ever told in your life, and I'll give you a glass of cider."—"Me! I nerer told a lie."—"Boy, draw the cider." A Western paper, after chronicling the fact that Queen Victoria has an incomo of over two millions of dollars a year, and yet always keeps her expenses within fivehundred thousand, thus saving a million and a-half per annum, remarks.—''There's a widow worth ' going for.'" VERTLTQUISITIVI;.—Aninquisitive fellow, devoid of delicacy, and rebuff, once questioned Alexander Dumas rather closely about his genealogy. "You are a Quadroon, Mr. Dumas ?" said he—" I am," replied Dumas, wise enough not to be ashamed of a descent he could not conceal.—"And your father?" —"Was a mulatto."—"And your grandfather?"—" A negro," said Dumas, his patience nearly gone.—But the fellow held on. " And your great grandfather ?"—" An ape, sir 1" thundered Dumas—" an ape, sir! My pedigree commences where your own terminates !" MUTILATING A CHIXD TO MAKE, IT FIT A CoFFnr.—A young man has been committed to take his trial, ly the magistrates of Coleford, in the Forest of ;Deiui, J for laving perpetratedthe followingsiefceoing barbarity —A short time isince a child fl years of age, daughter of one Eleanor Hughes, died at Littledean; - and her. mothter/beingin receipt of parish relief, applied for ana obtained fronrthe nelieving officer a coffin, in which the little gM migh6beburied. Amannamed- Hook, who contracts to make tibie ." parish coffins," supplied;one to the parents, as he! affirmed, ? according to order ;" but the coffin was found to be several inches too short. Whereupon, among those who irate j>resent with the mother, a question appears to have' arism'Mtohowthe'difficulty "might be overcome. The corpse could not'be' got in, so James Page,a miner, assistedothersto crush the breast so as to force the body into the box; Sarah Oooper, a widow, won one of those who looked on. Batthe difficulty still remained; and ultimately the mother—it is not recorded on whose proposition, or if die initiated the hideous resource—consented to allow the feet ef her dead child to becutoff. A young man named Price, who was of the company, <jut them off with a razor mid a • hatchet; he hacked off above the knee joint the legs -of the child, and in due time the little bruised and.mutilated corpse wasburied. But in A short time, these filets becoming known, the grave was opened, and the body wag examined. The magistrates atCoteford granted a. warrant for. the apprehension of the manPrice, who was brought before them, and committed for trial. RETURN OF IHE QUEEN TO BAXMORAL.— Her Majesty has made known her intention to return to Balmoral on the 20th May, and preparations are being made for her residence during the summer months at her Highland home.— QUEEN VICTORIA'S DESCEKBASTS.—The birth of a son to the PrineesB Christian on Sunday raiBes the sum total of Her Majesty's grandchildren to ten—six grandsonsand four granddaughters. The Princess of Prussia has three sons and a daughter, the Prince of Wales two sens-and a daughter, the Princess Louis of Hesse two daughters, and the Prince Christian one son. PREACHING -ON THE HOUSE-TOP. On Thursday morning, a rev. gentleman, who is temporarily under the -cara of a keeper at No. 9, Hanover-street, -contrived to esoape to the roof of tbe bouse, having on his dressing gown only, and -carrying a Bible in his hand. The rev. gentleman made his way over the roofs of Beyeaal bouses until be came to Masons' Arm-yard, when, throwing off his dressing gown, and appearing in a state of nudity, he gave out a text, and %egan preaching a sermon to some persons who had been attracted by his extraordinary gesticulations. The polioe were informed of what was going on, and Police-serjeant Brady and other officers proceeded to the street, and at last contrived to get upon the roof-of an adjoining house, and there to address the rev gentleman, requesting him to leave his dangerouB position. The rev. gentleman refused, and when the polioe. laid hold of him he fought vigorously, and was not overpowered until after a struggle of some duration. The police at last succeeded in getting him through a house in' Banover- Bquare, and subsequently he was restored to the custody of his keepers. THE PRINCE IMPERIAL.—Private advices from Paris describe the state of the Prince Imperial as causing some anxiety. The fact that injections of iodine have-bcen employed is seized on as affording proof of some constitutional delicaoy, and disease of the bone is mentioned as a possibility.— A gentleman who takes common-sense views of things, being recently asked his opinion of a poetic individual, replied, '* Gh, he is one of those men who have soarings after the infinite, and divings after tbe unfathomable, but who never pay cash.'' HEAD v. STOMACH.—The question why printers do not succeed as well as brewers, was thus answered : —"Because printers work for the head, and brewers for the stomach, and where twenty men have stomachs but one has brainBl" MONKEY ABB NUTS.—" Dan," said a little four year old, " give me sixpence to buy a monkey."—" We've got one monkey in the house now,"replied the elder brother.—"Who is it, Dan ?" asked the little Mow.—" You," was the reply.—" Then give me sixpence to buy the monkey some nuts." His brother " shelled out" immediately. THE TWO GHOSTS.—Sir WalterScott used to tell with much zest a story of a man who tried to frighten his friend by encountering him at midnight on a lonely spot which was supposed to be the resort of a ghostly visitant. He took his seat on the haunted stone, wrapt in a long, white sheet. Presently, to his horror, the real ghost appeared, and sat down beside him, with the ominous ejaculation, " You are a ghost and I am a ghost; let us come closer together 1" And closer and closer the ghost pressed, till the sham ghost, overcome with terror, fainted awa^r. IT SHELX.8 OF THE SHOP.—A Connecticut office-seeker closed a recent application for office with au inquiry whether the breach between the President and Congress could not be repaired. President Johnston wrote, in reply, that he is not so much in the line of " repairing breaches" as he formerly was. SUITING THE ACTION.—At a Christmas examination of a school not far fromLondon, a young tyro in declamation, who had been told by the teacher that he must gesticulate according to the sense, in commencing apieoe with," The comet lifts its fiery tail," lifted the tail of his coat to a horizontal position, causing roars of laughter. THE QUEEN'S BOUNTF.—Her Majesty has been graciously pleased, on the representation of the incumbent of Ecclesall, to transmit the sum of three pounds to Mrs. Kay, of Millhouses, who was last week delivered of three sonB at a birth. A parson observed to his friend, who was learning to take snuff, that it was wrong to teaoh one's nose a bad habit, as & man generally followed his nose. A short honeymoon is reported by the correspondent of an Irish paper .*—" A young man, 16 years of age, named Sutton, but who had been but one day married, was sentenced to a month's imprisonment for deserting his wife." Why are suicides the most successful people in the world P Because they accomplish tlieir own ends. HEALTH OF THE PBINCESS OF WALKS,— The progress of her Boyal^ l^hness towards recovery during > the past dweekl has* been uninterrupted, and more than usually satisfactory. A distinct Mid steady improvement has takeuplace day by day in the state of the affected joint,with a correapondingdiminutaon of s pain and swelling. The amonnt-of sleep enjoyed has been greater than during i the previous week, whilst her- Boyal Highness* general health still continues to exhibit remarkable freedom -from, .disturbance. • Wo have jnore tban once referred to the eheerftdne8swith which thi B painfulfllness isborne. It may be added, that prolonged lOODfinement seems in'&o; way to diminish 'the <eiriden<& of this happy quality. <-Nor>faas personal ;afflic> tion suooeeded, as is tpo -often the < ; eaBe, in destroying reraembrauaoe of~ the distress of .others. On Wednesday.-.:!^ her Boyal Highness sent by the ^p^^f^er surgeons a variety of books and :tojriB-trliioh she bad in the wards of St. Bartholomew's and St. George's Hospitals. It need scarcely be said that the little patients" received with the liveliest pleasure these kindly evidenoes of sympathy and thoughtful consideration.— DISTRESS _ IN AMERICA.—The Southern Famine Belief Commission have just sent 2,000 bushels of corn to Charleston. "Tbe people are suffering terribly in Northern Georgia. The Commission ia informed, from a reliablesonrce, that many of the people have no bread, and nothing to buy it with. : Dealera in corn and ba«>n will not sell without cash, and money in small sums cannot be procured short of 5 per cent, a month en the best security. In one family, near llalton, four children had actually died of starvation. Air ICE" TAX IN AMERICA.—" The Chicago Tribune says: —The Committee of Ways and Means, it appears, have yielded to the demand .of the Massachusetts ice dealers. They hdve stricken ice from the free list in the Tariff Bill, where it has been ever since Columbus discovered America, and imposed a duty of 10 per cent, upon it." LONDON INTERIORS.—The South London Press says:—" The overerowding of the poor in South London 5s getting dreadful. In John-Btreet, Newington, a man,his wife, three children, their grandfather, and three other -adults,' sleep in a chamber containing only 810 cubio feet of air. Another room is oo- -cupied by a man, his wife, their children, and fifteen dogs." AN EMPRESS' TRIBUTE TO M!R. PEABOD*. —Mr. Peabody has received from the Empress Fugenie an autograph letter complimenting him for the munificent liberality he .has displayed on both Bides of the Atlantic; and characterising him as " the great benefactor of humanity." News, April 26th. D&patch.; ' KATIE.' Pall-mall Gazette. .—Jfeio York Times. limes, April 30. —Dispatch. April 21«/. Medical Times. 3he Lancet, April 28th. 