MR. PICK, THE SOLD MINER. Letter XI. Old Nucgbt (continued). ' That was a close shave,' says the chap, about ten minutes after I'd got him on the bank, and he'd come round so as to be able to talk ; ' I a'most give it up one time.' ' Well,' says I, 'it didn't look payable first going off. ' It's a cooker -with the horse.' ' Bad luck to him ! ' says he. ' Of all the de ceitful animals as ever I come across that there beast is the most dcceitfhllest. To think as he should go and turn over just in the middle of the worst paTt Of it ; end me that knows the river so well, too ! ' 'Poor brute,' sayB I, 'he did his best, but he had'nt the strength in him. He was too poor.' 'Poor!' says he. 'That's just another piece of his deceiti'ulness. Look here, mate. If you were to feed that there horse upon corn and oaten hay every day for a month, till there was only a straw between him and busting, he wouldn't get fat. It ain't in his nature.' ' Did you ever try it ? ' says I. 'Not so green, mate,' says he, 'but it aint no good. 'It's just his gammon, lie wants to do the injured animal, and inokc the people think as he's ill used. He's gone, and I ain't sorry that I'm well Ehut of him, for he never did nobody credit as ever had him. It's only the swag as I care about loBing. There was a pair of blankets in that swag that cost me two notes only six weeks ago, besides my togs.' 'Nevermind,' says I, ' I'll go with you in the morning and look after them. He may be pulled up somewhere.' ' It ain't unlikely,' says he, ' and so I'm going now, I am. 1 ain't a going to leave that there swag to be picked up by nobody else but me ; I can tell you.' The billy that I'd put down to the fire had been boiling a good bit, so I got the chap to stop till we had a pot of tea and a bite of bread and meat, and then he seemed te have picked up as strong as ever. So him and me, we went down the river, to try if we conld find out anything about the horse. Thinking it might be handy I coiled up my windlass rope and hung it over my shoulder. We went down about two-mile below where I'd dragged the chap out. By this time it was very dark in amongst the trees on the river bank, though it was a clear Btariight night over head. Wherever there was a strong ripple or a surge r-f the cutTent, there we searched as well as we oould in the daikness and distance for the carcase of the horse, because of course we never thought to see him again alive. As we were fumbling along through the dark trees on a place where the river banks were lower, and the flood had come up and spread over the bit of a fiat that was formed there, what should we hear but a little bit of a low whinney, — but such a ghost of a one that if we hadn't been all attention we should never have heard it. ' There,' says the chap, ' Blow me if there is'nt that there precious varmint. I'd know his voice in a hundred.' Sure enough, when we came to look closely, we could see him there, pulled up among a heap of drift wood, as had settled between two trees that grew pretty close together. I could see by the way he'd fixed himself that he w as standing ; though he looked precious 6hakv, and as if he wouldn't be able to hold out much longer. ' How on earth arc we get him r' aays the chap. ' It might be done,' says I, for, as I see he was standing, I knew he must he out of the real bed of the river, though the current was setting strong along between where ? he was and where we were. ' He might be got out with some risk ' says I. ' I've had risk enough for one innings,' says he, 'eoljustcamp down here till the river goes down. I'm sure of my swag.' . ' And you'll leave your poor devil of a horse to drown afore your eyes,' eays I, In such a voice as let him knew what my private opinion of him was. ' Look here, mate,' eays he, ' Iv'e had one duck- [ ing to-night, and it was ju6t by a squeak that I got out of it; and I ain't a going to try another, ' nohow.' ! 'But the poor dumb thing there, that has called on j 116 for help, will perish,' says I. j ' Let him,' says ? he, ' Its him or me for it. But i if you're 60 precious 6pooney over the brute, go you and try it on. Get my swag ashore first, that's all I ask you, and then if you get the horse after, you may have him. There.' ' No human creature ever yet asked me for help that 1 didn't try my best to give it,' says I ; 'so give me the horse and fixins and help me from the shore, and I'll try it.' ' All right, mate,' says he ; ' put in a drive.' IVith that I sets down and begins unstr .aiding the rope. The strands were pretty strong, as they had about nine yams in each of 'em. There were four strands, and when I'd knotted theBe together, I had a rope four times as long as before, and quite strong enough for what I wanted. When I'd done this, I off with my jumper, trousers, and boote, and there I was in my singlet and drawers — quite enough toggery in case of a difficulty, the ugh I didn't expect any, and I took off my other things, more to keep 'em dry than any thing else. Then I tells the cove to keep hold ol one end of the rope, and I takes the other myself, and then in I goes. When I was in, the water did seem | to come down most precious wicked, and I didn't like ! it half so well as I thought I should. I hadn't gone j more than twenty , steps before I found out what had i brought the current there, for I makes one step and | then down I goes wallop, eut of depth. There was j a channel worn by some old flood, and now the water j was coming as savage through that as it was in the j main stream. I had ail my work to do to fight my j way across, especially as 1 was took unawares, and got the worst of the first round. Lucky for me, it wasn't very wide, and, after a sharp tussle, I got to standing ground again, though the water was up to my.armpits pretty nigh. I goes along very cautious, and it was just as much as I could do to get to where the old horse stood, the driftwood was packed up so about the trees. If I didn't bark my shins and poke my ribs in amongst it all, it's a caution ; for, of course, I couldn't see wliat was under the water. The first tiling I did was to get off the swag, hut carry it X couldn't. It was Boaked with water, arid so precious ? heavy, that it would have 6wamped me ; so I tied the rr pe to it and floated it, and when I got to where the current was running, I sung out to the chap to haul it ashore. XVhen that was right, he throws me back the end ui the rope, and then the worst part of the work begun. Back I goes to the horse. Foor devil, he whinnied after me when I went away with the swag, as if he wos asking me not to leave him in that fix, and he whinnied when . I came back, as if he was thanking me for sticking to him. ' I'll do all I can for you, old man,' says I, patting him on the neck ; ' keep your pecker up, and . we'll fight through it. Peter Pick ain't the man*to desert a living thing, if it was only a cat, at such a time as this.' I give you my word that that beast understood what I said, for I'm hanged if he didn't freshen up. Perhaps it might be that he had the weight of the swag off him ; but whether or so, he knew that I meant saving him, and nothing else. It was no easy job getting him out of that driftwood, and I had close jjpon an hour's work dragging out some limbs, break ing off others, and the river roaring and rushing all the time. However, I managed it at last, and then I reeved the end of my rope through the rings of the bit, and began to lead the horse out by the way I come. He staggered and stumbled amongst the dead timber, and from weakness and regular done-up-ness, but I stuck to him and held liim up, and encouraged him' with a word every now and then. And, poor beast, he did his best, and there really seemed to be a hopeful kind of way about him, as if he'd have 6aid if he could, that he was all right, now I'd took him in tow. When I comes to the edge of the deep water, I giTes the word to the chap on, dry land to haul away, and haul he does, and off' me and the horse goes, striking out as hard as we could. The poor devil was nigh done, hut he -hit out as game aB a pebble, for I held on to him and kept his head up stream, and as I waB on the upper side of him, thai kept something off him but if it hadn't been for the rope, we must Have gone. But whBt with my holding him and the chap pulling, we got over the pinch. It was only some eight or ten yards, but it so baked me that I had to stand and blow, when I got stand ing room. He staggered through the water and on to thegrass, and then down he went, regularly done up.. 1 did all I coqld for him. I cut some tussocky grass and rubbed htm well, to warm him a bit ; - ana made some water warm, and put a handful of aalt in it, and give it him,' and that seemed to do him good, - And then I cut off sbme , slices .of damper ana gave him, and that seemed to , do him more, good still. I must tell you .that, the cove stuck.to his bargain, and went off with'his swag, after wringing the water out-ofit, to the public at Muckerawa. . When I found that the horse tucked in the damper, I knew be was right, and as I was-regulaiused up, I turned in between the blankets and was fust asleep before you could say ' good night.' The first thing I does : when I wakes in the morning ' is to look after the horse, There he was, all right, standing up and feeding, not a hundred yards away; and the moment I gets tip hq copies: walking up to me — he'd have cantered I know, if he'd had the go in ' hiin — and he puts his hose into my hand. If you believe me, the rain pumped up into my eyes when he did it. It was the only way the poor brute had of thanking me for saving him, but he meant it and I knew it, and he wanted me to know it. ' Well,' says 1, and I pats him on the neck, ' you and mo have come together in a queer way ; hut now we are together we'll stick to each other, and we won't pari again easy.' And he rubbed hie nose again my arm, as it' that was his way of sighing the agreement for himself. Well, he got round all right, and we haven't parted company since, and we don't mean too either. Nobody but ourselves knows what we think of each other ; but just let me say thisj only you do a good turn for any one from a man downwards, and you'll see that the'more good you do to him, the more you'll like him. Them that you do good to won't always be thankful, leastways as far as men are concerned. There the dumb brutes go a-hiad of 'cm by long chalks. Do any living creature but a man a good turn and it'll never forget it. 'i'hat'B how X got Nugget, by saving his life. Since then he's saved mine, and so'we are quits on that score, and perhaps some day I may tell you how it happened. 1 christened him Nugget, because of a queer thiug that happened four or five days after. The river hod gone down, and me and Nugget crossed and got Into Burrandong — I was going to set in to work there, and pitched my tent whilst I went to look for mates to set in with. When I comes back to the tent in the evening, I sees old Nugget — though he wasn't called Nugget then— just at the foot of the range, too far away, as I thought ; so after him I goes to bring him hack, so as he should make another start. When I comes up to him I finds him pawing the ground and sniffing as if he really meant something. I lays hold of him. but he still kept pawing ; and as I looks down what should I see but a glitter that I knew of old. So I outs with my knife, and I picks out from the crevices of the slate rock which was stuck up on edge and cropped out everywhere, a nugget of pure gold that weighed ten ounces four pennyweights. Next morning I drops into work on the foot ot that ridge, all alone, just chipping up in between the slate ; and before a month was over I'd got close upon sixty ounces. And that's how 1 came t® call him Nugget. PETER PICK. 