upon a' metropolitan train when passing over the site of the noew dead meat market at Smithfield has been concluded. The evidence shows want of care and judgment on the part of the foreman and ganger, whose names are Chanoy and Wilmott, and the jury returned a verdict of manslaughter against them. The Boxing-night entertainment at tile Agricultural-hall, Islington, did not pass Swithout, there being. an accident, which ended fatally. .The pageant of the mooting of the monarchs, which formed part of the display, had passed round the circus twiceo, and the immense audience applauding loudly and continuously it was ordered to go, round a third time.. Whilst it was doing so one of the grooms slipped, and before he could be drawn out of the way the wheel of the ponderous car, weighing about five tons, passed over his body and crushed him to death. A child a year and throee months old has i died at the east-end of the metropolis from e being poisoned by mistletoe berries. The mother gave the child into the hands of her c daughter, Margaret, only six years old, and desired her not to go away from the street- e door. She wandered away, however, and did not return for some hours. The baby was then ill, and after some time Margaret confessed that she had given it a quantity of berries "that looked like white currants," because she found them too bitter to eat them herself. A doctor was sent for, and on an emetic being administered, the child vomited a great quantity of mistletoe berries; but it died shortly after. A sad accident is reported off Northfleet, by which nine persons have lost their lives. Mr. Holliday, chief engineer of the cigar ship, and his five subordinates, had been enjoying the Christmas festivities ashore. On returning they put off to.the ship, which was lying in the Thames at Northfloot, in a dingy, taking with them a youth, the son of the Commander, and two boatmen, who rowed the craft. The night was dark, and what happdned is not known ; but the boat I did not reach the ship, and was found the \- next morning bottom upwards on the beach. Close by it was a naval cap belonging to • one of the unfortunate men. A very shocking affair happened at Edmonton on Christmas night. A woman named Gudgeon, the wife of a coaclsmith, . .- and- a person in tolerably comfortable cir ,'cumstances, cut the thrioats of two of her children as they were asleep, and then killed ]herself. She attempted the life of a third ?hildJ a girl of ten; but the little girl made suech a desperate resistihnco that she was Sunasblo to effect her purpose. The evidence adduced at the inquest, which was very dis tressing in its details, was to the following effect:--The father explained that, being at home only one day in the week, he did not see much of his wife. -On the day that this calamity was wrought she told him that her, throat ardd her. head were' bad. He himself, when they went to bed, noticed a strange appearance in her eyes; but he went Sto sleep without; being alarmed by it, and slept till his daughter Selina awakened him. This little girl, aged ten years, des c. dribed how she went to bed as usual on Christmas:t night with her little brother Tiuiothy and hoer sister Elizabeth. She was :awakened by her mother standing on her. Her brother Timothy was next. to the wall. } Hei mother reached over to Timothy, and ":omething wet came over her ficeo. Her Smother had cut his throat. There was blood on the wall. Her mother had some S"-thing white in her left hand, and a razor in her right. The white thing was a napkin. The razor belonged to her father, and had a black handle. Her brother did not cry out. She then left, that bed and went over and killed baby. In answer to the coroner as to Show her mother killed her brother she said that she cut his throat. She lot him lie as :hewas. Sithe went over to the other bed, and was coming back to kill her. Site caught witness by the left hand. She struggled, and put the .clothes over her head. Her little sister slept outside. Witness said to her mother, "oh, please mother, don't kill me, put the razor down ! " Sire caught hold of : witness's hair, and they struggled. Witness screamed, and begged and prayed her not ...tokill heor, and after some time she put the razor down. Her mother asked her where the slop-pail was, and she told her outside :i.ithe -door.." Her mother went outside and took the razor with her. She followed her .mother, and saw her take the pail down !into:the kitchen. She then knelt down and cut her throat. Witness screamed out, and saw her mother fall over. She ran upstairs and awoke her father. Her uncles were in \- the next room. She screamed very loud when her mother was leaning over the bed, : but her uncles in the next room thought :she was dreaming. Her mother used to \- stare after her in a very strange way. It was testified that the deceased woman was a well-conducted person, and always ap peared to be very fond of her children. The jury found this verdict:-" Wilful murder as regarded the children, and suicide while in an unsound state of mind as regarded the mother." NEW ~US- ITIOoxs o"F WAn.-Mr. Gale, whose experiments with guns, pistols, and :'ammunition has resulted in more than one invention, has just produced a cartridge of a ;very novel construction. The powder is not g"--gunpowder, but an explosive fulminate, twenty-five per cent. stronger in power, washed on. both sides of a strip of papetr. Suppose this strip coiled round the shank of a common round-headed hob-nail, and a percussion-cap stuck on the point of the nail. Such is Mr. Gale's cartridge in the primitive form. He would ,fire this from a pistol fixed in a vice, and show you that tihe ihob-nail would hit truer than a bullet. Now a bullet very like in form to this hob-nail is what Mr. Gale calls his rudder-tail ball. At the first glance it is evident that the lover attached to the ball must make it fly straight. The rudder-tail converts it into a short dart, and the lover age of the shaft must act upon the air with out cessation, and keep the point of the head always straight to the mark. The rudder tail ball may, of course, be fired from a smooth-bore or a rifle; it would fly straight projected from the former, although, un doubtedly, it would theoretically possess more advantages in being fired from the latter. This fulminate, or rather explosive material, is composed of chlorate of pohtssh and other substances. Papler, litnen, and fibrous materials are saturated with thitls product, and the sheets are then rolled up and cut off into cartridges of various diameotors and lengths, according to the apomtions for which they may be reoquirdd. For example, Mr. Gale has shown, besides cartridges for small arms, one large cart ridge, 10 inches in length by 1I inch in diameter, for blasting purposes, for which this now explosive material seems to possess groat advantages, especially when fired in a novel and ingenious way proposed by him. Such a cartridge-roll can be pushed at once down into the blasting hole, and the damp or wet condition of the rock will in no way affect it, as the cartridge is thoroughly waterproof, and might even itself be used to drive the water out of the bore. leho now explosive material, it is said, can he manufactured quite as cheaply as, if not for less than, gunpowder; while the pre paratiori of it is quite harmless and not dangerous, there being no risk of explosion in the mixingor saturating processes. Where as in the ordinary Enfield cartridge 2. drachms of gunpowder are required, Mr. Gale's cartridge will do the same work with I drachm of the now material. Nor is this now cartridge the only military novelty which this remarkable inventor has on' hand at the present time. He speaks of having nearly perfected a fog-shell and a balloon shell, the last of most destructive properties. The object of the fog-shell is that, thrown on board ship it will, after a certain lapse of time, generate a dense vapour, through which the sailors and marines shall find it impossible to see, and therefore to defend themselves with any certainty; or it may be used, on the otlrm hand, for producing a dense cloud behind which a ship may itself escape attack. The balloon-shell is filled with a fulminate which requires a fall of a hundred feet to explode it, or it may be dropped from any height by slightly altering its internal arrangement, a blow from a hammer or similar instrument not being able to detonate it. This fulminate is said to be so fearfully explosive that a shell of 0-inch diameter will be equal to clearing a large space or area of some hundreds of square feet of all but ponderous objects. A TIMELY REPRIEPE.--The Leipsic jour nals contain accounts of an extraordinary reprieve of a condemned criminal at the very moment of execution. A tailor named Kunscher had been sentenced to death for murder, and on the morning of the 18th was brought on the scaffold and attached to the plank of the guillotine; suddenly a cry of " stay ! stay ! " was heard, and a messenger appeared, bearing in his hand a telegram from the King of Saxony ordering a respite. The despatch had been forwarded only three-quarters of an hour before from Berlin, where his Majesty was staying, and without the haste employed by the bearer would probably not have arrived in time. The man had run from the telegraph office across the park to the prison, and being de layed by the crowds of persons assembled around, he raised the cry, which was re peated from mouth to mouth until it reached the scaffold, where a pause was made to enable the messenger to reach the spot. The official who directed the proceedings then took the telegram from the man's hands, and read aloud:-" Postpone the execution until further orders. More ample details by post.-John, King." TarE ME??ronio SetowEn.-The Morning Advertiser reports that one of the falling stars the other night struck a waiter, named Pike, at Thompson's coffee-house in Shoe lane. Pike came to the editor of tihe Adver tiser and said that, while standing in the middle of the street, between Shoe-lane and Salisbury-court, with no one near him, and gaziig upwards, he became aware of a burning sensation in the neck, upon which he tore at his neckcloth, and the next moment the burning substance passed down his left breast, scorching the shirt in its course, and inflicting three small but severe burns on the flesh, with one large wound. These burns (says the editor) we saw, but being of a sceptical and matter-of-fact turn, we suggested a fusee or lucifer; this, how over, was earnestly negatived, and we felt ourselves unduly incredulous upon further examination, as no substance whatever could to found in the young man's clothing, and he was certainly by no means likely to inflict such an injury on himself for the purpose of a more sensation. A medical man who saw him thinks it a scald by fused metal or sulphur, and the young man was decidedly in a state of considerable suffering twenty fonrl hnrs from tire naccidennt. During the last session of parliament an act was passed for preventing the use of methylated spirit in the preparation of any medicines for internal use, and came into operation on the 1st January, from which date a penalty of £100 will be enforced against any person so using it, even in the preparation of cattle medicines. Methylated spirit may, however, be used in the manu facture of medicines for external use. It is asserted that actions for damages have boon instituted by Dr. Robert G. Bruce, of Vere, Jamaica, and Mr. Alexander Phillips, of Vere, against Mr. Eyre and General Nelson, for illegal apprehension and cruel treatment during the Jamaica dis turbances. Dr. Bruce, a Scotch physician, upwards of seventy years of age, resided nearly a hundred miles from the scene of the disturbances and from the martial law district, but was carried to Morant Bay and fortunately escaped execution by the termin ation of martial. law. Mr. Phillips got a hundred lashes without trial by order of some boy-subalterns, while he also was in General Nelson's custody at Morant Bay. These actions are said to have been brought by the parties themselves, and not by the Jamaica committee. The revenue returns for the quarter and year ended December 31 are highly gratify ing. The total revenue for the quarter is £18,332,935, against £18,007,415 in the corresponding quarter of last year. There is thus a net increase of £825,520. This increase arises from every source save stamps (on which there is a decrease of £65,000), property tax (on which there is a decrease of £135,000), and miscellaneous (on which there is a decrease of £183,000.) For the year the total revenue is £68,785,662, against £60,196,478 in 1865. There is thus a not decrease of £410,816. For this the property tax and stamps are wholly charge able. Mr. Gladstone, in his budget, esti mated the income for the year ending April next at £67,575,000; but he made reduc tions of taxation, which he estimated might reduce this sum by £562,000. It will thus be seen that there is an actual excess over his estimate, so far as the twelve months just ended are concerned, of close upon a million and throe-quarters. A short time ago the RevO. T1. Chamber lain, incumbent of St. John's, Bolton, delivered a speech at a conservative gather ing in that town, in the course of which the rev. gentleman made some remarks strongly reflecting on the political character of the hon. member for Birmingham. Observing that there was a vast amount of humbug in the world, the rev. speaker added, " but I never did think that my fellow-countrymen could swallow all the abominable trash that John Bright utters. I look upon him as a most ignorant, unfortunate man." ABolton gentleman wrote to the hon. member, pro testing, on behalf of the people of Bolton, against the abusive language used by the rev. politician. In reply, Mr. Bright sends the following note: Rochdale, December 17, 1806. Dear Sir,-I must write to you one line, to thank you for the news paper and for your kind note. I hope that the re sult of our labour may show that we have been in the right, and that the abuse of our opponents has been undeserved. I pity the congregation which is doomed to receive its weekly supply of spiritual instruction from the ignorant and vulgar minister whose speech has been recently reported in your papers. lie is a poor guide for this world, and I know not how any one can trust him for the next. I am, truly yours, Jotl BUmeorT. Mr. Hughes, M.P. for Lambert, laid the corner-stone of a new co-operative store at Darwon, near Bolton, the other afternoon. It is only a little over six years since the co operative movement commenced in Darwen, and its career has been one of rapid pro gress. In March, 1861, a small store was opened in Green-street for the sale of groceries and provisions, on the principle of the Rochdalo pioneers, with about a hundred members and a subscribed capital of £180. Every year since thou the society has gone on increasing in capital and members. The now store will be a sub stantial and handsome three-storied build ing, a hundred and seventeen feet long and forty-six feet broad. It will have separate departments for drapery, grocery, clogging, and butchery. The lecture-room and roead ing-room will hold about a thousand persons, and the building altogether will be one of the most complete of its kind, and an orna nent to the town. In the evening a public tea-party was held, which was well attended. Mr. Hughes presided at the meeting after wards, and several speeches were delivered on co-operation by gentlemen connected with the various co- operative stores in Lancashire, and by Mr. E. O. Greening. LIsE's TRIALS ARE BLEssIoas.-Misfor tunes are like thunder and stormy clouds; in the distance they appear black, but when over our heads they are scarcely grey. As bad dreams denote an agreeable future, so it will be with the often painful dream of life when it is past. All our strong feelings, like ghosts, have their influence for acertain period only; and if a man were to say to himself, "this passion, this pain, this rap ture, is sure after three days to lose its effect on the mind," then would he always be more composed and quiet.-Jean Paul Ritcher. OMAcoun.-There is nothing sheds so fine a light upon the human mind as candour. It was balled " whiteness " by the ancients for its purity. However little practised, all do it the homage of their praise, and all feel the power and charm of its influence. The man whose opinion makes the deepest mark upon his fellow-men, whose friendship is in stinctively sought where all the others have proved faithless, is not the man ot brilliant parts or flattering tongue; but he whose lucid candour and ingenious truth transmit the heart's real feelings, pure and without refraction. There are other qualities which are more showy; but none wear better or gather less tarnish by use.--'Dean Alford. A Won FrITLY SroIEcx.-Many a preacher, on whose lips admiring crowds have hung, has had to look with grateful recollection to some kind word fitly spoken to him at the commencement of his course, as having had not a little to do with the success of its sub sequent stages. One such piece of counsel Mr. Wardlaw received from his uncle, Mr. Ewing Maclay, which proved to him a cherished lesson for life. "Ralph," said his uncle, after hearing one of his first sermons in public, " did you notice that poor woman in the duffle cloak, that sat under the pulpit when you were preaching to-day ?" "Yes, sir." " Wellmy man, remember that people like her have souls as well as their betters, and that a minister's business is to feed the poor and illiterate, as well as the rich and educated. Your sermon to-day was a very ingenious and well-composed discourse; in that respect it did you great credit; but there wasn't a word in it for the poor old woman in tlhe dufle cloak."-Old Jonathan. DISCIPLINE IN CIIILD.iOO.-Y?oung people who have been habitually gratified in all their desires, will not only more indulge in capricious desires, but will infallibly take it more amiss when the feelings or happiness of others require that they should be thwarted, than those who have been practi cally trained to the habit of restraining them, and, consequently, the former will in general sacrifice the happiness of others to their own selfish indulgence. To what else is the selfishness of princes and other great people to be attributed? It is in vain to think of cultivating principles of generosity and beneficence by mere exoneration and reasoning. Nothing but the practical habit of overcoming our own selfishness, and of familiarly encountering privations and dis comfort on account of others, will over enable us to do it when required. And therefore I am fully persuaded that indulgence infallibly produces selfishness and hardness of heart, and that nothing but pretty severe discipline and control can lay the foundation of a mag nanimous character.-Lord Jeffrey. LIFE'S IIAPPIEST PERIOD.-Kingsley gives hjs evidence on this disputed point. He thus declares:-" There is no pleasure that I have experienced like a child's midsummer holiday; the time, I mean, when two or three of us used to go away up the brook, and take our dinners with us, and come home at night, tired, dirty, happy, scratched beyond recognition, with a great nosegay, three little trouts, and one shoe, the other having beeoon used for a boat, till it had gone down with all hands out of sounding. How poor our Derby days, our Groonwich dinners, our evening parties, where there are plenty of nice girls, after that ! Depend upon it, a man never experiences such pleasure or grief after fourteen as he does before, unless in some cases, in his first love- msaking when the sensation is new to him." Ax AsFF'CTIONxArT NIEc?.--Thi wife of a merchant was walking a few days since in the Rue du Faubourg Saint Antoine wheno a young girl about thirteen throw herself on her neck exclaiming, " 0 ! my dear aunt ! " The lady released herself from the embrace, toelling the child that she was mistaken. " Al !" said the girl, in a sorrowful tone, looking attentively at the lady, "I see I have made a mistake !" and she went away as if to hide her confusion. Not long after the lady missed her purse, and all at once the idea struck her that the child might have taken it. She accordingly returned, and after considerable search discovered the child in a wine-shop with her father and mother. They were all arrested, and the purse was found on the mother. SELLING HMAl?.-The municipal council of the department of Correge, in France, mot lately in high council, and decided that the practice so prevalent of late years for young women of Normandy and Brittany to sell their hair in the market-places of their re spective villages was highly immoral, and therefore passed a statute forbidding the practice. The custom has been, that those who wish to dispose of their checclurc should wear bright ribbons in their chignon, which were synonymous with the words, "look at my hair-it is for sale." Hair vendors were then privileged to go up to the girl, untie the ribbons, examine the hair, and bargain as to its price. As soon as this knotty point was decided, the purchaser, armed with scissors, cut off his merchandise, leaving but a few short curls in front.--Wilkes' Spirit of the Times. "THEnE Is A GARDE. IN fER FACE." - So wrote Richard Allison, the poet. His lady's face was not a well-stocked garden, he could only find roses, lillies, and cherries in it. We can do more than that; we see tulips, an apple in each eye, carrots (of course her hair is the fashionable colour), a little mignon net ; as we looked her full in the face we noticed a blush rose; then she looked bold; then she cast fuchsia glances at us; as to her nose, 'tis a little raddish, but it can't be beat; it is covered with blossoms; and her cheeks show a little modest flower. To A YouNG L.mD, ON HEARING HIER SIxo A PoruuLA Sos.--You " wish you were a bird!" Pray don't be absurd. A girl of your size and age wouldn't like to be in a cage and fed on canary-seed-a fine bird you'd make, indeed ! How would you like to be obliged to live in a tree, holding on by your feet, with flies and worms to eat ? I'm sure you'd get no rest, tucked up in a nasty nest. You'd never have noew things, but be always dressed in wings. How would you manage to speak with such a ridiculous beak ? Or to eat without ricking your neck, bobbing up and down for a peck ? And as for wanting to fly round about in the sky, rubbish ! it's all my eye ! Do leave off being absurd, and wishing to be a bird. The Queen held a council on December 28 at Osborne, at which Sir William Bovill, lord chief-justice of the common pleas, and Mr. Seymour Fitzgerald were sworn in as members of the Privy Council, and took their seats at the board. After the council, the Marquis of Camden delivered up to her Majesty the insignia of the Order of the Garter worn by his father. The Lord Chamberlain afterwards introduced Mlr. Alderman Phillips and Mr. John Karslake, solicitor-general, who had the honour of knighthood conferred upon them. The British government have expressed their readiness to deal with the claims put forward by the Washington cabinet in res pect of the Alabama by referring the matter to arbitration. In so doing they rescind the refusal of Earl Russell to admit the idea of arbitration; but at the same time they recognise those difficulties in the way of any such settlement which prompted the decision of the late minister for foreign affairs. Of course, while the principle of arbitration is accepted, the acceptance must be subject to the condition that the points referred shall be found admissible; and the government of the United States will now have to define what are the exact issues on which it claims redress for alleged injuries. The delegates from the British North American provinces, in session in London for several weeks at the Westminster Palace Hotel, have succeeded in revising the Quebec scheme so as to secure a unanimous vote of all the provinces represented-that is to say, Upper and Lower Canada, Nova Scotia, and New Brunswick. The resolu tions passed at Quebec in their revised form have been forwarded to Earl Carnarvon for consideration. All the knotty points and difficulties which presented themselves, so far as colonial interests are concerned, have been successfully combated. Provision is made for enabling the colonies of Prince Edward's Island, Newfoundland, thie North West territory, and British Columbia to enter the confederation on equitable terms hereafter. A draught bill based on these resolutions, it is expected, will be prepared and submitted to parliament early in the ensuing session. Tile conference is com posed as follows;-Canada-the Honorable Messrs. J. A. Mc Donald (chairman), G. E. Cartier, Howland, Langevin, Mc Dougall, and Galt. Nova Scotia-the Hon. Messrs. C. Tapper, W. A. Henry, J. W. Ritchie, J. Me Cully, and A. G. Archibald. New Brunswick - Messrs. S. L. Tilley, P. Mitchell, C. Fisher, D. Wilmot, and J. W. Johnson. It is currently reported in Westminster hall that the three additional judges to be made before Easter term will be the Right Hon. Russell Gurney, Q.C. (recorder of London), Mr. R. Grove, Q.O., and Sir R. P. Collier, Q.C. (the late solicitor-general). The royal commissioners, it is said, have agreed upon a general form of oath, which they will report upon on the re-assembling of parliament. Boxso.--Daring my boyhood the rage for glove- boxing was so great that on one afternoon the park was cleared of all the leading young men of the day, on account of a challengo given and accepted between the late Lord Maxborough and my old friend Fletcher Norton, of Elton Manor, to set to in Jackson's rooms for what in Bell's Life would be called a " bellyfull "-that is, to see which was best man at giving or taking hard blows. Both were light weights, and very well matched-both pupils of Jackson -and they were known as about the best men of their inches. Beauty rode on horseo back then in Hyde Park, as beauty rides now, though in much less abundance, grace fully cantering on the grass or sitting beneath the old elm- trees, that not only threw their shadows on the turf below, but over groups of doer. Yet the park was, that afternoon, deserted by the fairest and best, to see the poor and the commoner have a bout at boxing. Jackson's rooms were thronged; and divesting themselves of coat and waistcoat, the champions of light weights pulled on the gloves, sparred a little, and then went to work in earnest. For a time it was doubtful whether the Upper or Lower House-the Peer or the Commoner-would win. Maxborough was quickest at out-fighting, while Norton I proved himself the stronger in a rally. Eventually the strength of the latter pro veiled, and tMaxborough was knocked clean over the benches, when everybody cried "enough ! "-Grantley Berkeley's Life and Recollections. B3EAR-AITING IN PIAIS.-A-n extraor dinary scene of confusion occurred a few evenings back in the Rlue do Tournon, Paris. A game-dealer in that street had received for sale a couple of live bears, which a neighbour, a butcher, undertook to slaughter. The animals were placed separ ately in strong open cages, covered on one side with a grating; and a small opening having been made in one of them the animal was induced, by means of a bait, to put forth its head, when a noose in the middle of a cord was slipped around its neck, and two men, having taken hold of each end, pulled in opposite directions, with tihe object of strangling the captive. The animal, however, pulled the rope with such violence, that it snapped like a packthread, and three other similar attempts failed also. The butcher then fetched the gun which formed part of his equipment as a national guard, with the intention of dispatching the animal with the bayonet; but at the first lunge through the bars the bear became fiurious, and struggled so violently that lie upset the cage. The howlings of the bear, in which it was joined by its companion, were so loud and terrible that an immense crowd assembled around the shop, and the entire circulation of the street was impeded, and loud cries of indignation were raised by the spectators outside. The police at length interfered, and the first animal was at last killed by repeated stabs with the bayonet, the floor being in the meantime flooded with blood. The butcher was, however, ordered to send the second animal to the abattoir at the Barriere de Fontainebleau, to be put to death in a less cruel manner. WoxocaRFue Loxnox.-Mr. (late Alder man) Mechii writes to the Times :-"It may not be known to the majority of your readers that the great city of London is comprised in an area of only 632 acres and a few poles-in fact, the size of a farm which, in the country, could be had for a rent of £600 to £1000 per annum. My country friends will be astonished when I tell them that the last cheap thing I heard of as pur chased land in Lombard-street was over two millions sterling per acre, or nearly £70 per square foot of area. A friend of mine thought himself lucky in obtaining a site a few years ago at only £1,660,000 per acre. At this rate the good old city is getting really "paved with gold." What an amount of generalship is effected by the people themselves when some 600,000 per sons can be got safely into and out of this limited area each twenty-four hours! Our brave departed Duke would have been puzzled to have accomplished such a won der." THE IAMMhrOTII CAVE IN KENTUCKY. A correspondent writes as follows from the gave Hotel, Kentucky, November f3: During the last four years and a half the road to the Mammoth Cave of Kentucky has been comparatively untravelled. It was infested by guerillas and bands of robbers, and there was little of this part of the country which escaped their depredations, or the more serious ravages of the regular troops. Cave city, the nearest point to the cave by railroad was overrun and burnt down by the Con federates, and every farm for miles round was pillaged, and by both the Southern and Northern forces by turns. Even now the country is in a most disturbed and unsettled condition. Bands of discharged soldiers wander about, preying upon unguarded home steads; and a fortnight ago one of these parties was audacious enough to stop the train on the Nashville Road and rob every passenger in it. The country people, alarmed at these constant outrages, ever increasing in boldness and audacity, made of themselves a voluntary police corps, and pursued the robbers until all were arrested. They were found in the very act of burying tihe body of one of their number in a wood. They had murdered him to prevent his disclosing their secret. Describing the mysterious river in the lMammoth Cave, he observed :-We set out upon it in a punt, which seemed to be rotting to pieces with damp, the guide steering us with a single paddle. The black water became deeper and deeper as we made our way slowly forward into the intense and never ending darkness. We could not see a yard in front, and behind us the darkness seemed to close in like a living thing, and the side of the rocks opened out, and the rocks descended so low, that the guide dropped his paddle, and pushed his punt along by the roof with his hands. Presently we stopped and came to a steep sand-bill, down which we passed to another part of the river. The guide, walking on silently with a paddle over his shoulder and a basket on his arm, seemed like a goblin fisherman, and the pale beings behind with dim lights the crew doomed to follow him over this river of eternal shadow and night. Beneath us swam fish without eyes; we saw them before entering the cave; fish with no lilace for eyes and destitute of the optic nerve. But the beetles and crickets we saw uccasionally on the s des of the rocks had eyes, and they sometimes find a peculiar species of rats in the cave also with eyes. The water was too black to see the fish in it, and it was impossible to keep the thought out of the mind, "suppose this boat upsets and we are thrown into the river ?" There with lamps all out, and no ray of light to guide us, what couldl the best swimmer do ? If ihe reached tile shore he might wander till he died in the endless avenues of the cave, and his frte would be worse than that of those who perished at once in the waters. They have a suhterrarneous commurnication some where with the Green River ourtside; but it is impossible to reach it-even fish rarely pass it. Persons, it is said, have been lost here; and though death is but death wherever it be encountered, yet here it assumes to the imragination a imore fearful shapethan ordinary. Inrinite distanrce and everlnsting darktness were all that the stream suggested to us, and only one among us knew whither we were floating. We left it gladnly and scrambled forward agnial into tire less appiralling darhness of the land. Home News. A CoLurarr's IhnA OrF A WIFE's DUTIES. -A few days ago ia couple went to be mar ried at a villirge church near Wakefiell. 'IThe bridegroom was a miner, and was evidently one of the most ignoranrt of his class, and Iri intended spouse wns one in the same station ir life. The ceremony proceeded uninterruptedly until the question was put, ,r wilt thou have this woman to be thy wedded wife ?" At this point the man turned round to the woman and to the intense horror of the officiating minis. ter, coolly asked her, " wi to clean mi boots ?" The bride vouchsafed no reply to the interro. gation, although repeated three times, each time with greater emphasis and force, before the clergyman recovered from his sur prise andr ordered the " friatching plair "out of the edifice. This was an eventuality as as toanding and as unexpected to the bridegroom as his own conduct had been to the parson; but it had the effect of bringing him to his senses, and he piteously begged of the clerk to ask the minister to come back, 1promisin? most abjectly to go through the ceremon? " all reet." "lHe was nobbat an Ignorant mon," he said, " and didn't naw he war doin' wrang. The fact wor he and his misses had had mony a rumpus about booit cleanin' job, and he'd sworn he'd ne'er wed her if she did'na promise to fettle'em." The clergyman was at last induced to return, and after reading the couple a lecture on the sacredness of the cer,., mony they were about to go through, and thu solemn character of the building in which they were, proceeded with the service, and the two were made one, the " booit" controversy being adjourned sine die. It is to be hoped that when resumed the " booit" itself will not be turned into a powerful auxiliary in the dis. cussion.-Wakefield Journal. A SUDSTITUTE FOR COLLODION.-1i.f Per. soz has recently discovered a method for obtaining a material possessing the same characteristic qualities as collodion. This new substance is produced by dissolving silk in a suitable solvent, and then separating tie latter by means of dvalisis. If the film bhe of a certain degree of thickness, it assumes on dyeing a golden tint; but this would no doubt be scarcely perceptible in a thin film, such as would be used in photography. The solvent chosen by M. Persoz is chloride of zinc, which, when kept at a warm tempera. ture, readily dissolves the silk; but if the solvent be not warmed the silk takes a much longer time to dissolve. Before employing the chloride of zinc, it is heated with a small quantity of oxide of zinc, in order to neutral. ise any excess of acid in the chloride, and then filtered through a piece of fine cambric to remove the superabundant oxide. To separate the chloride of zinc from the solu tion of silk, MI. Persoz has recourse to Pro. fessor Graham's method of dialysis. The apparatus for dialysis, which is a kind of sieve, is made by means of a broad strip of gutta-percha, bent round and cemented in the form of a cylinder, at one end of which is fixed a disc of parchment to form the bot. tom. The apparatus is floated upon a vessel of water, and the silk solution, previously diluted with water to the consistency of col lodion, is poured into it. The chloride of zinc percolates through the moistened disc of parchment, and mixes with the water in which the apparatus is floating. In a few days the whole of the chloride of zinc will be found to have become separated from the silk solution; but the presence of a slight quantity of the chloride in the material is of no great consequence, as it merely gives rise to the formation in the sensitive film of a mionte quantity of chloride of silver. Although I. Persoz does not mention the fact, there is no doubt that a drly film of this substance would be quite insoluble in water. Its employment is very simple. It is first iodised by mixing with it an aqueous solution of iodide, and then dried and sensitised. The exposure and de velopment are conducted in the ordinary man ner. In a terrible storm which recently ravaged our western coast, a large East Iudia clipper, the James Crossfield, was wrecked at Lang ness Point, in the Isle of Man, and every soul on board seems to have perished. Of all the disasters of the late hurricane this appears to have been the worst. The ill-fated ship was a vessel of fifteen hundred tons burden, and was on her voyage from Calcutta to Liverpool with ai cargo of cotton, jute, ant other goods, the value of which was esti mated at more than £100,000. She is sup posed to have had about forty persons on hoard. The coast near Castletown was found to be strewn with the cargo and frag ments of the vessel; but of all the human beings on board not one survived to tell the tale. The old lady that used to dry her clothes on the equinoctial line has gone to Green land to get the North Pole to prop it up with. Mr. Dalglish, M.P., as has been his wont for many years yast, has just given away £100 worth of food, clothing, and coals to the deserving poor in Lennoxtown.. 