TABLE TALC. fAc's IoTEL.-It will be seen from an advertisement that Mrs McDonnell, so long and favorably known in coi?nexion with our principal Hotel; resigns on the first of the new year, in favor of Mlr. James Lowe, of Heywood. Whilst regretting the de parture of Mrs. McDonnell, we believe the public will fied in Mr. Lowe a: suitable successor. The experience of all that had occ;sLiorn to call at the Butsh Taver:, Heywood,. will agree in the opinion that Mr. Lowe will do no discredit to his-calling as " Mine Host' at ~L'ce's. BENEVOLENT ASYLtVt. -The committee mnetat3 30 p.m. in the Town liall,on Friday 13th inst., present-L. Clarke, Esq,, Presi dent, in the chair, -Messrs. McLean, Mich ael, Manning, Moore, Hyland and Cooper. The minutes of last meeting read and con firmed. On the motion of MAessFas oure and Cooper, it was resolved that in future the designation of the institute be :--T'he Portland Benevolent Asylum and Hospital, and that the secretary be directed to inti e mate the designation to the Treasury. The f superintendeut reported the inmates at 10 males and two females. Required, wood axe and a small bag of rice, which were ordered. The superintendent also reported that there were 14 out-door patients re ceiving relief. The superintendent was directed to notice two or three out-door patients that their cases would be specially I considered at next meeting. Mrs. Kay applied for relief, and was allowed 3s, her case to be amongst those considered at next meeting. LATE NEws.-The following telegram is from the Ilamilton Spectator of the 14th inst. :-Melbourne, Sep. 13.-Bramley's condition since the amputation is not worse, and hopes are entertained of his recovery. New season teas were offered at auction to-day, more than half a cargo sold at satisfactory prices, fully supporting pre vious rates. The United Service Gazetl announces that the Galaten will reach.aldr4 laide about the 20th September, Melbqtirne on the '4th October, and finally, Wellington on Christmas Day. It is raining steadily. News has been received in Adelaide from the Far North ; the weather was very favourable for squatters.. Sydney, Sep. 13. -The new match between Hickey and Green will probably be arranged to-night. South Grant Elecction.-Nine returns have come in. The totals, up to the present time are- Stutt, 527; Campbell, 255; Lotngden, 57; Berry, 56. The returns to come in cannot much alter this. To ConnEsPoNDENTS.-Through the pressure of European news, we are com pclled to hold over several communications. THE Crists.-From an advertisement in the larrnamnbool Sentinel it appears that the principal men of the town have con vened a public meeting, to be held this evening at the Victoria Hotel, "to consider the existing differences between the two Houses of Parliament, and the injury in flicted on the country by the obstructive policy of the Legislative Council." The people of Portland and Belfast would do well to follow the example. THE TOMAHAWK;-We'O are in receipt by the last mail of two July copies of this lively London weekly. It is pub lished in the form and resembles in style the London Punch, but not so many illus trations. The cartoon for the week: " Banque at the Banquet" represents the ghost of Maximillian, with six gun shot wounds in his breast, appearing to the Emperor Napoleon III., at the Exhibition banquet. The design is well conceived and well executed; nothing can be better than the terror depicted in the counten ance of Napoleon as MIoBeth, while he exclaims :-"Thou can'st not say -I did it." There is a dash of bluish green color on a the cartoon, which does not improve it much. The Prince of Wales comes in for a clip of the Tamahawk in the fol lowing keen paragraph, under tihe head " The Relaxation of Princes " :-The intellect, the culture, the experiences and the tastes of H. R. H. the Prince of Wales cause us doubly to prize any re-d mark, which he may vouchsafe us, on that much vexed question of the present i day, the education of the rising genera tion. The public therefore must have 1 been as much delighted as it was doubt- f less edified by his highly ociginal speech j delivered the other day at the Londonla College, on the value of combining a I knowledge of the tongues of modern n Europe with those of ancient Italy and a Greece. It was perhaps rather unkind l and inconsiderate on the part of H. H. H. to raise hopes in, his audience which he h did not eventually fulfil, and after hint ind in the commencement of his speech P at treating his hearers with a neat little disquisition on the comparative value of ( a modern and classical, education, to an nounce to them. that he would forbear pursuing thle subject any further. When an authorit3 so eminently qualified to speak on such nubjects is silent the loss is the whole world's. We are delighted however to hear that the Prince does not persist in carrying this modest re ticence to an uncharitable length, and that he purposes, at no distant date, delivering addresses on cer tnin coning occasions, on other sab jects- which fall as naturally within his e range as that of education. The following list will, we believe, be found to include the most important of the intended series: ? -Firstly. At the opening of a:re Metaphysical aud Philosophlical Debatilng (Club, H. R. I[. will in this address take a survey of thre past history orf philosophler. t dwellirg on the life- anrd opinions of its most eminent professors, and giving his own views as to the probable future of metaphysical enquiry in this and other countries. On dit that HLR.RH.'s speech oii this topic is at present being carefully C prepared by a fit atd proper pIersonl. That C the quantities to all the dificult names are beirng duly marked, a'd that the royal I lecturer has already succeeded iu masteirng ti the principal bheads of hIis address. Secon dly. At the opening of a Wooman's light it Society, II. It. H. will dleliver anr address on the "Causes which have led to nor P elevation ii. tJhe standard of wnomanly ' dignity." Thirdly. On an occ.asii, r not I yet decided, il.1.R.H will speak at length cr thIe "Whole duty of pIrinces." Fourthly. o A variety of mirror brut equally clabor:te t and instructive addresses will be delivered P by thIe illustrious heir to tie throne, ,n fl such occasions as the irnaurguration of several 1i penitentiaries, thIe juhilees. of temperance t societies,, thie founrdjngof new churches, aRId i the like. -1 LocomoiravB. roe STeE' GmRsADImnRs.-rs A bshort timue sic.e C U sitt, (, Ilt su.nm expieri- i imornt had becUr un.lertiken by Mr. Truomsse u Page, the omiacut engineer, for the purpose of enabling locuneztive.' to 5ecen stueeper in. clines thaI those practicable by tl? ordinary engines. rlhest exploriamentt have be n at tenrled with result., which. had they been establisined in the early iaas of th- railwat systeml, would have saved lmany milliona oa expenditure. On a Rt(modtll railway, about one-sixth of thb. tlil size, worked by a steaR, locomotive, the n~cen t gI radienrt of I il to0 wa" witn,'s+el by Captain Tyl.'r, ColoelI Yolland, Cltonel Ilichi, 11A Mijor hIItch ie. son, the itlicer< of the railway d0elrtt,nient of the 13Bord of Trade. Since that time an ,ther model railway, onl which the locotnnotivo was worked by a spring, slhowJ the as..ent of I in 4, in tlhe pr,.ence of Ge(neral Sir J,,hn F,, llurgoyne, G.C.B. ; Captain Donglas G titon, C.B.; Major W rotte.ler,' Mr. Br?seyR. ýMr. iBluant, of Paris ; Mlr. lerton, and Af'ssra. Salllatenkoff and Chloudoff, fronu Moscow; AMr. Slturgin and Mr. Gruhe, of St. Peters. bur.g. On a thirJ series of trials the ascent was made of a gratlient of I in 3, in thi, prtsence of Mr. Duncan lI'Gregor and Mir Herbert, of the Bonld of Trale; and lastly, as witmnsed by ourcelves yesterday, the ex. traordinarv result was obtained of the afscnti of a gradienotl I in 2j, and there appear~l to be no reason why even the gradient of I in 2 coujld not have been accomplished hadi the arranegements necessary for such a trial been made. It is scarcely nccdssary. to say that these inclines are more a*vere than anything known in railway practice in this or in- any other country, and the experiuents were malse for the purposer of showing what conl's be accoimplished, by the fact of adhesion be. tween the driving wheels of the engine antl the- surfa-e .of the tramn. The principle of the arrangemn nt is that there sahoull bie at lea-t resistancegiven to tihe load to be drawnr, but the greafsit reitsance to the driving wheels of the louonootive, the surface of which, and of the tratms on whitch they work, are suclh as to Ilreve nt any ".,lii" of' the wheels. In tire carrying out of this • rinciple the ipnriperies, of the wheels are lnadp broad and slightly serrated, and the roughness of the trltln on whlichl tile dtriving wheels run is manre in proportion to the steepness of the incline. For Alpine loco. motives the trains coul I be worked with fi ility at one in ten. Too system appears dlomirably alopted for branch lineis antl ex tensions, which 'nay thus prove valuable eeders to mair. lin'ess,aind t more especialli valuable u ,tth preent time of depressionl to tle railway lnterest. The trauinway for loco ooltives of this de-criilion could he con etructed at a cost of' nIt more thlan trot '1,500 to £1,800 lper mile, as thtre would be no occtnsion for incurring belavy espenditure for tunnels, cuttings, or enb'ankronnta, such as have involved existing railways in so large a portion of their expenditure. The aict that the locomotives on this system voild be ablu to travel on ordinary inclines points to thel possibility of adaptilng portions of the exiting turnpike roads to this loude of travelling, atid w undurstswl that this is in contemplation by AMr. I'age land tihE gen tlemen associtted with hiis, ini carrying out tie nttw sy-temn,.--Railway News. mmm. =m- ii-- i== 