A WORKING MAN'S NOTIONS ON FINANCE. TO THE BDITOB,OS THE BRISBANE COURIER. When the bullion leaves us, we make credit supply its place -ADDISON. SIR, Perhaps you will excuse me for asking you to publish a few sentences on a question which I at once acknowledge I do not know a very great deal about. Like the majority of working men my financial transactions are extremely small ; yet, for all that, I believe that through the influence of the past and present monetary condition of the colony the sufferings of the laboring class have been, and are, as severely felt as are the difficulties of other sections of the community. Indeed, it may well be said that they feel the pressure of the time a good deal more, as the traders' difficulties may merely be confined to a decrease in the number of his transactions, and probably a loss of former profits, whilst theirs are the loss of work, which is the solo de- pendence they have to trust to for subsistence, and, in many instances, the transfer from their possession of the little properties they struggled hard for years to possess. The financial condition of the colony is therefore a question which the poorest laborer in it is even more interested than the largest merchant. Believing this, I have been very anxious to learn the correct causes that have produced it and the most likely remedy that might or could have been adopted to avert its effect, or, at least, modify its severity, I listened attentively to two lectures purporting to enlighten the public on the subject, delivered some months ago in the Victoria Hall, by Mr. Coote, and have read all the articles that have been published on the same subject in your contemporary, either with or without the signature of " 0.," since, and I feel bound to say that the simple sentence which heads this letter, uttered by Addison one hundred and fifty years ago, gives us a far more satisfactory hint as to the cause and proper remedy for our monetary difficulties, than the whole mass of oral and written matter that has emanated from that " accomplished financier " from the first sentence of his utterance to the lost in his writing. There has always appeared to be a tendency in the manner of his investigations to serve other masters besides the public, and it is a tendency which sadly blemishes the apparent candor of MB researches. The shadows of two of those masters particularly seem to me to be reflected > in every sentence and although they appeared to be both well hidden from the sight of hearers and readers, by a great array of figures and a copious use of rhetorical varnish, yet there they were, like a pair of ghosts, peeping through every para- graph-one with a money bag in hand, and the other with a fleece of wool on his shoulders. Finding very little light of a wholesome kind from that source, I had some expectation that more, and of a better description, would be forthcoming from the late flood of political talk, which has now happily subsided ; out the generality of sentiments expressed on the subject have merely been a repetition of those enumerated by "O. large public debt, heavy interest, dear railways, expensive public service, decrease of revenue, heavy taxation, bad immigration, too much business credit, want of public credit," to., do. Now the whole of these causes combined have had a very insignificant influence in producing our troubles compared to one single CBUBO which nobody takes any notice of. Indeed, it seems as if our politicians were terrified to make any allusion to it for fear of identifying themselves with that scarecrows Australian politics Protection. But shirk it as they may; the inseparable relation that necessarily co-exist betwixt a sound financial condition and a judicious policy of encouragement to local industries, will by and bye force itself into the catalogue of their principles in spite of their present most cherished predelictions. The great drain of money that has to go out of the colony to other countries to pay for nearly every article we require for business, domestic, and public use, has had a far more powerful effect in bringing about our present troubles than all the other causes named. The sum of our payments, or, at least, of our indebtedness, to other countries for what we imported last year, being the mere excess in value over what we exported, amounted to one million one hundred thousand pounds and if we consider that nearly the whole of those exports were pastoral produce, and consequently that scarcely a tithe of its value was available as payment for those imports, and that very little of it returned to add to the circulating capital of the colony. The character of our exports affords us HO proper standard to judge from, as to the extent of our power to pay for imports. It is, therefore, probable that the extent of our indebted- ness to other countries for what we bought from them during the year amounted to many thousands more than the difference betwixt the value of what we sent away and that which we received. Very many people believe that the payment of that money is not made in hard cash, out is settled by some sort of legerdemain in finance by bankers' cheques, bills of exchange, or trans- fore in traders and bankers' books, etc. The immediate payment may be made through the medium of these, but the ultimate settlement of our adverse balance must be paid in gold, and although the drain of gold to meet these pay- meats has been proportionally the same according to the population of the colony for previous years, yet, during these years, the influx of capital from a variety of sources was streaming into it, so that the stream of gold out of it was not felt. Since the inward stream is now, however, dried up, and the outward Stream continues still to flow, as a natural result, the gold has got loss and from the fact of its getting smaller in bulk, according to our decrepit banking system, the note circulation has had to shrink with it. As a further consequence of our credit system, on which the largest part of our transactions was conducted, depending, as it necessarily does, on the extent of the circulating currency, its contraction has shrivelled up the system like a dead loaf, and the results are just what we BOO money scarce and dear, property of every description enormously decreased in value, and wholesale transfers of it from the lower to the higher classes. Now, no section of the community, and particularly not the laboring portion of it, has the least right to su flor the torture they have done if a remedy lay within reach of the Government to avert it that remedy does lie within their reach, by simply adopting the plan of Old England, as hinted at by Addison, by filling the void in the currency caused through our OXOOB 8vo imports by the issue of inconvertible notes, and by stimulating local industries so as to equalise our balances of trade, thus preventing the drain of gold by giving employment to the people, and at the same time using the best means to render the credit paper as immutable in value as possible Yours, etc. L W. M. 