SEPTEMBER 28th, 1867. THE anticipated arrival of the Duke of Edinburgh is now the all-absorbing theme of philosophers and statesmen, writers and orators. All classes are looking forward to a holiday, and until they get it it will be vain to expect that attention to business which business imperatively demands. The Recep tion Committee have been at work, and have decided upon the several arrangements to be observed upon the arrival of the Galatea. It has been agreed that the Prince shall land at the Sandridge railway pier, which is to be decorated at the Company's expense, and where he will be received by the mayor of Melbourne, His Royal Highness having previously been taken charge of by His Excellency the Governor at Queenscliff. From the Sandridge railway pier the royal party will proceed to the Elizabeth-street station, where a guard of honour will be in readiness. From thence a procession will be formed, and after traversing the streets of Melbourne, the Duke will be con veyed to the residence prepared for his re ception at Toorak. It has been further ar ranged that on the day after his arrival the Royal guest will hold a levee in the new Exhibition building, where the various loyal addresses will be given and responded to. A banquet will be given in the Parliamen tary Library by the members of both Houses of the Legislature ; and a ball will also take place about this time, so as to give the fair sex an opportunity of being in troduced to a Prince of Royal Blood. The demonstrations that are contemplated throughout Australia on this occasion will be very imposing, and we flatter ourselves that Victoria will not be behind any of her sister colonies in pomp and ceremony. Contrary to our expectations the Duke will land at Sandridge, which will be a dis appointment to the people of Williamstown; but it has been agreed that, upon returning from his visit, he shall embark at Williams town, which will give our townspeople an opportunity of manifesting their patriotism and loyalty, and if this arrangement is faithfully carried out we shall have no reason for complaint. It will be rather more advantageous to us to have His Royal Highness here for a few hours previous to his embarking, than it would be if he landed at our pier and was taken at once to Mel bourne. In the former case we shall have more time and better opportunities of pre paring for his reception, and the honour of being the last to bid him adieu on these shores will be much more satisfactory than that of being the first to welcome him. But we must not be behind other places in exhibiting our loyalty on the first appear ance of the Galtea with her Royal captain in Hobson's Bay. The noble vessel may be telegraphed at any hour from Adelaide, and after that we shall have but little time for preparation. It is essential therefore that our Council should decide at their next meeting, on Monday evening, upon what they intend to do. It is necessary, in the first place, that an application should be made to the Reception Committee for a por tion of the Government vote; and, in the second place, the Council should supplement the grant with a sum of money, say £100 or £200, from their own funds. The event is one which concerns the public at large, and should be provided for, to a certain extent, from the public purse; and it is the duty of the Borough Council to see that this is done. Williamstown, above every other place, should strive to do honour to the the son of Queen Victoria. There should be no hag gling over a few pounds in the way of fur nishing a brilliant reception to Prince Alfred. Everything should be carried out on the grandest scale, and in the most magnificent manner. The townspeople individually will do their part of the business in the same spirited and liberal manner as they have done before. We trust that the Council will lose no time in giving the question their fullest consideration, so that the arrange ments may be carried out in the most perfect manner to the satisfaction of all parties. MANY of our most enthusiastic politicians have at length become so weary of the un profitable quarrel between the Council and Assembly that they have abandoned the subject in disgust, and no longer make it the stock topic of conversation. The Argus, too, apparently conscious of the dulness and monotony of the discussion on the Appro priation Bill and the Darling Vote, which has been going on for some time past, has opened its columns to the facetious " Ghost of Tom Cringle," who has given a very lively, if not a very truthful, description of Wil liamstown. With the exception of the re turn of Mr Stutt for South Grant, which has certainly created some sensation, politi cal matters have received but little at tention, the people being busily engaged in making preparations for the reception of H.R.H. the Duke of Edinburgh. Banquets, processions, regattas and illuminations are creating a great deal of interest just now. But still the dispute between the two Houses has not been altogether neglected, and if the Ministerialists have not organised mob meet ings, or " demonstrations of the people," as they love best to call them, it is because they have discovered their utter uselessness. It has been seen that the denunciations of Mr Burtt, the eulogies of Mr Balfour, or the patriotic speeches of Kyte and McKean, have had no more effect on the Legislative Council than the empty wind, and that the threats of "the people" as well as the ravings of frothy demagogues lave been treated with the same degree of contempt. On account of the obstinacy of Mr Higinbotham—for he is undoubtedly the moving spirit in the matter— an amicable arrangement between the two Houses is as far off as ever. The Attorney-General sticks with the utmost tenacity to the principles which he first enunciated, and it is evident that his hot headedness is only increased by the know ledge that Mr Fellows entertains totally dif ferent opinions, which are adhered to with equal pertinacity. We doubt not that if these gentlemen could be suddenly removed from the scene, each party would be more disposed to make concessions than it is at present. Although we consider that in this matter the Council have only taken up a position to which they are entitled to place themselves, and are fully convinced that the charges of obstructing the public business and causing the quarrel which now exists, cannot be justly made against them, yet for the sake of establishing peace we would not be dis posed, to grumble at the passing of the £20,000 vote to Sir Charles Darling, if it were made the subject of a separate bill. This, however, would not suit Mr Higin botham. He wishes, by intimidation, or any other means he can employ, to make the "vile faction" pass the objectionable vote, even against their will, but as the men to whom this polite epithet has been applied by the conscientious Attorney- General have a natural objection to be dictated by him, it is not very probable that his desire will be gratified. Why should the Council act dif ferently ? This body has been invest with certain privileges, and whether or not such privileges result from a flaw in the Consti tution (as some of the Ministerial journals assert) does not very much matter so long as they do exist. It cannot be expected, therefore, that the Council would sanction a precedent by which they would in future cases be deprived of all right to give a prac tical expression of their opinion. The use lessness of protracting the quarrel must be apparent to the Ministerial party, most of whom would, we believe, be glad to with draw from the ground which they have taken up could they find a reasonable pretext for so doing. 