THEATJtE ROYAL. Mr, Walter Montgomery made lils first ap." 1 poarnnce on the \ ustrallon stage, in the character , of Hamlet, en Saturday night. His phys.'aj f qualifications for pourtrnylng the ohuracicrwuUr f i not be greater. Ho is of the raiddlo height, til , very well proportioned; has a litha uud graceful figure, and is young enough to look like the student' of Wit ten burg. Ho has introduced some 8Hght variations in the conventional cos.' tume of Hamlet. His clothes fit rather mora closely; ond instead of the dark Mack bait itliich Hamlet is usually represented with, Mr, Montgomery wears light brown locks. His Idea of the character is decidedly original, ond lie introduces several new readings. Unlike most commentators upon Shakspcrc, beseems to fancy that Hiira'et was perfectly sane, anil that all his frenzy end "antic disposition" were simulated, Hts notion of the character appears to or, that except for his great sorrow for his father's death,' reverence for ids memory and disgust at the unseemly mnrrlnge between the Queen and the new IClog, Hamlet was, at the commencement of tho tragedy, a courtly and high -bred gentle man, ef easy and polished manners, excelling la the arts aud accomplishments of a courtier.' Upon such a prince the nppearanco of the Ghost, and the startling announcement brought by this supernatural visitor, causes a profound 'impres sion ; but it does not change his mental condition, and it is only for tho purpose of endeavouring to fathom tho truth of the Ghost's story that hs pretends to bo Insane. Wo havo neither space uor inclination to discuss whether Mr. Mont gomery he tight or wroDg in his psychological analysis of Hamlet's character; hut it cannot be denied that, admitting hi9 conception to be correct, he gave it a magnificent rendering. Ho excelled most in the soliloquies nud in Ihose colloquial passages where no great amount of passion or pathos were vrquired. Wo never heard anything finer thnn his address to the players, or his first sceno with tho Ghost. Ha seemed so struck with awe and reverence at the unexpected apparition of Ills father, that he scarcely realised tho full meaning of the revela tion which ho then for tho first time heard. In tho closet scene ho drew tho distinction very clearly between his ordinary mode of speech and Urn line of .action necessary to hoodwink the c.utvt. Up to the llmo of diseovetlug that he is watched, Mr, Montgomery was quiet and sub dued, but no sooner did he find out that the presence of Ophelia was a more tiiek on tho port of the King titan lis behaved with wildness nud violence. In the plBy scene ho pei hops some what over acted tho port by wriggling up to tho King's feet, and iu tho scene with his mother hs displayed some want of feeling, for it can scarcely bo supposed that with his love and sorrow for one parent he should behsvo ns if he were quite indifferent to the feelings of the cither. Nor did he showsoxnuch sorrowaswa should intBgine Hnmlct to hnve felt after baring' killed Poloulus, Mr. Montgomery seems to i i. ugiue that Hamlet's strongest feeling is his passion for Ophelia, for in the fifth net, where fit the first time lie learns that it i3 her funeral at which he is present, nothing could have been finer than the burst of passionate anguish with wh ch he gave the lines ' Ophelia ; forty thousand broihers Coulu not wtui ull their quantity of love Make up my sum," In short, Mr. Montgomery's Hapibt is a gr"' intellectual treat to every student of Sbnkspcre, far oven wlicro one differs with him, there il respect for the courage nnd orlgiiiulity rilh which the actor lins worked out that great problem, reaeatch into the' character of the Dane, nud admiration far the genius with which the artist pourirnys 'he result -tf hfs labours. The presenco of so piiostalilng anil conscientious a delineator of 'be histrionic art will do much to elevate tho pablio taste, an'd it i-i not perhaps too much to say that Shakspere ntay era long rival BouelcouH and Byron in popular estimation ; tmd that sucb pieces as " Wallace, the Hero of Scollmid," cease to replenish tho theatrical treosury, to tba exclusion of tho works of our great nations' dramatists. M.ucb of Mr. Montgomery's success en Saturday night — for he was successful aba1 . i„r,t_wnB undoubtedly due to the tm'onner In which ho was supported by effident m compliny. T|ie Queen of M"elanil was a masterly performance, and W. I, Miss Docy Stewart wao overweighted '"nlllf sto acquitted herself fairly. Mr. « 0 nh ;edeemed thacharanterof the King from TTeurity lnto which It Is generally placed, . 'nJ several passsges usunlly oraltnd Jy thelcting version of tlm drama, and notably ? Loo where ho repairs to Ids oratory, and jlrd tli't llls eull,y conscience will not allow .IpLnnis fly np, my thonghts rcmalna below ; fi- ril" wiiucut thoughte, never to heavsii go." v'nibcrt was a genlel Polonios, and Mr. mil a" capital Laertes, Mr. Harwood clear, jhiinet and statuesque as the Ghost, while tho inor characters were all respectably filled. At n o clo«e of die performance Mr. Montgomery, I |,a( been Ecveral times called before tho Ltaln during the progress of tho play, was In summoned to receive on ovation. He arinly thanked tho audience for their welcome, Tail made n somewhat eccentric speech, which, boirtver, scciucd from the enthusiastic way in tfliich It was received to thoroughly satisfy 4iig public. j;r, Monlgomcry appears to-nlgbt in " Tho Tidrof Lyons," »s Claude'Molnotte, n character ivtleh ho has achieved some of his greatest irluniplis. 