MAY PASTORAL OF THE BISHOP OF SOUTHWARK. His Lordship the Bishop of this Diocese has issued a Pastoral in which he exhorts the faith ful to the due honoring of Mary during the month of May. 'The Church suggests to us a daily offering of prayers, or of almsdeeds, or of acts of mortification and other virtues. Some will be anxious to unite these three gifts and to mark the passage of each day by presenting them them to her. Others again and we hope these will be the more numerous class — will attend every day the Benediction and other devotions appointed by your pastor for his congregation. But, lest sickness or any other cause should in terfere with the due f ullillment of the intentions of the month, choose a single prayer, and say it daily alone as well as with your family, in order that you may secure the indulgence of three bumdred days, and the Plenary Indulgence, if you add a Confession and Communion on one day of the month selected by himself. His Lordship recommends the Infancy and Childhood of our Blessed Lord as providing good food- for meditation during this month ; and the virtue to be practised is 'silence— a virtue to bo best learned at the Crib of Bethlehem. ' When He came to the world, such was his anxiety that his children should adore his silence, that the Gospel records only one word uttered by Him in the long course of thirty years. Some of these years were passed in Egypt, whithei He went, where he stayed, and whence He returned in obedience to the Will of his Heavenly Father. If we were to study his obedience and to imitate it daily during this month, we should have the merit and the bles sing of feeling ourselves his brothers and sisters, and of uniting with his obedience our duty of respect and obedience to big dear Mother. Let us think frequently of this virtue, for if; will soon be forgotten in the world, and only a few aged men can remember when it was ^the prin ciple of every Christian family. To many it will be a hard saying, and such will dread to be told that we have no right to hesitate in obeying the rules of tho ?Church, and in submitting our (1) Hist. Univer. de l'Eglise. T. XXVIII, p. 145 et suiv. Rohrbacher. (2). Hist, de Napoleon et la grande Armee pendent l'annee 1812, Segur. (3) M. Lacombe, chanoiao de Bordeaux. Mei. et.Conf. p. 67. (4) Mdf. efe Conf. p. 68-70. \ («} M«5t. et Conf. p. 76. i i judgment to her teaching, or that we masfc yield a willing obedience to those who hold th«p place of God in our family and in our home. Every morning we ought to recollect that w® are saved because Christ was made obedient even unto death, and that all fche graces whic& . are to support us during the day flow from th© ' very obedience which He desires us to copy. And when we consider his early years in Egypt, he will remind us that they were the first fruit* of his love for the souls of the Gentiles, and the promise of that mercy which has draw© us through the vision of St. Peter and the elec tion of St. Paul, from darkness and the shadow of death. Nor did he forget, when He looked, on the children of the Egyptians, that he im cenaea in a latter age, and especially in our owb lays, to make children his apostles, and to teacfe bhem how they might, through their pious offer' ings to the Holy Childhood, save the souls off many of his little ones in the distant lands of Asia, and might gain for them, through the devoted zeal of Missionaries, an earthly as well as a spiritual life and existence But how is ifc possible for these Missionaries to forsake home and friends for the sake of children whom they have never seen, and whose heathen relative* are ready to put them to death? Because im their own childhood the Missionaries heard and; understood the reply of our Lord to his beloved Mother and St. Joseph: 'How is ife that you sought me? did not you know that I must be about my Father^ business?' (St. Luke ii. 49.) Whilst many hear this reply and do not understand it* application themselves, others know that our Lord lived for every one of his creatures, and therefore spoke as a child for the instruction 'of other children. Such as He was at the age ©£ twelve, all his children are intended to be, ful of the designs of Providence over them, willing: to learn his Will, and ever ready to obey ifc. Every one comes into the world with a know ledge that he must be about his Father's busi ness, and that he must learn from the firafe dawning of reason, nor forget even in its obscure twilight at the end of his pilgrimage, to repeat — ' Thy Will be done on earth as it is in heaven,' in order that he may, according to his years and means, further our Father's kingdom. Would that parents would keep ever before the minds of their children that our Blessed Lord has th« first and best claim on their hearts, and that H* must be induced to dwell always in each family as He dwelt at Nazareth, in order that, througfe his love and blessing children may grow up ia his fear, and may advance in wisdom, and ag«^ and grace with God and men. Would that parents would cherish the first aspirations ©£ their children towards virtue, and would seek to develop them, and would welcome the hope ©- seeing them called to the religious or missionary state as well as to eminent positions in other 3pheres of life. We heard lately of the joy of a father and mother still living, when the relics ©£ a martyr from the Catacombs passed under th» triumphal arch erected by them in Amiens, and. of their deeper and higher joy when their owm son had earned the palm and crown of martyr* dom a few years later, and when his brother wa» j amongst the priests, bishops, and cardinals wfc» celebrated, on the feast of the purification a few weeks ago, a Mass of thanksgiving for his vie* tory. The Queen of the Martyrs watched witfc tears, and yet with ad-y '^g admiration^ the sacrifice of her Son, whea'He prepared bis own heart and the hearts of his martyr to lear* home and friends, and be lost to their affection in order that they might be ready to leave lifir also for the glory of his Father. Whilst we exhort you to spend this Month of Mary in honouring with her, the poverty, fb» silence, the obedience, and the sacrifices of hee Son's childhood, and whilst we trust you* wiffi multiply your rosaries, your visits to the Sifoi* tions, your time oi presence at Mass, at confes* sion, and at Holy Communion, we must also ia* vite you to think of the great festivals which to* Vicar of Christ, surrounded by the bishops of the whole Church, is about to celebrate. O» the 29 th of June he will commemmorate in & solemn mass the eighteen hundredth recurrence of a day in which St. Peter, the prince of th» Apostles asked to be crucified with his head downwards, because he was not worthy, he said, to imitate otherwise the crucifixion of his Mas* ter. On the next day will be commorated, witlt similar solemnity, the martyrdom of St. Paul ia. the Basilica, whose memorials and monuments have always been connected with; the spread of the Faith in all the lands of the Gentilea^ and especially in England. On the 7th of July the nineteen saints of Gorcum, and Sfc, Josaphat and St. Peter xVrbues, all martyrs^, and four other saints, St. Paul of the Cross, St. Leonard of Port Maurice, St. Mary' Frances of the Five Wounds, and St. Germans?' Cousin, will be canonized. On the following Sunday the beatification of two hundred ana five, who died nobly and courageously in Japaz^ between the years 1617 and 16'32, members- of the great religious orders of the Society of Jesus^. and of St. Francis, St. Augustine, and Sfc. Dominic, and others of every age and conditio* in life— one a child of four who saw his mothwr beheaded and waited to share her death— will b* celebrated. May their prayers gain for many and many of our beloved fellow-countrymen the grace to po»» sess the true Faith, peace and concord for ottr own and other troubled nations of Europe, and. for all our flock to live always united with the Holy Family, in the name of the Father, and o€ the Son, and of the Holy Ghost. v \+ Thomas, Bishop of Southward.. What is that which all drink, though it u* sometimes a1 man and- sometimes a woman ? ? A toa«t. 'It is remarkable that you are alwaj* forgetting my name,' said a quasi-acquaintan«fc. named Flint. 'No wonder,' was the reply ' it is a dueid hard name to remember.' ' A romantic young man saye that * woman'* heart is like the moon — it changes continually bufc always baa a aua ia it 