GENERAL NEWS. Greenhill, who at the last Criminal Sittings over whieh Mr. Justice Boothby pre sided, was convicted of indecent assault, and sentenced to two years hard labor, has been liberated, the Government having been advised that the conviction resulted from the illegal rejection by the Judge of evidence on behalf of the prisoner. There are other cases similar to the above which will necessarily come under the consideration of the Government. „ "We are sorry to learn that the Rev. Mr. Maughan is confined to his bed with a sprained ankle, occasioned by his foot slipping off a stone. There can be little doubt as to the capabilities of the No. 1 dredge being able to tear up the limestone crust. Yesterday an immense boulder, weighing at least six hundred weight, was landed at the Port; its measure was about 18 inches in depth. ' The annual Sunday-school treat in con nection with St. Mary's Church, South- road, took place on Easter Monday in Mr. J. W. McDonald's picturesque grounds; a considerable number of the congregation were present. After the children had indulged in a variety of games and had a plentiful tea, Mr. W. A. Hughes kindly distributed the prizes, which closed the proceedings of a very pleasantly spent after noon. The four-act drama "Never Too Late to Mend" was repeated at the Victoria Theatre on Wednesday evening, the entertainment con cluding with the comic ballet " The Ghost of the Village," into which was introduced some excellent dancing by Mr. J. B. Edouinand Misses Earl and Woods. A hornpipe by the latter young lady was encored. To-night is announced as a grand fashionable night, under the patron age of His Excellency the Governor, when "Love's Sacrifice" and the burlesque "La Sonnambula" will constitute the programme. On Wednesday evening, Mr. and Mrs. Case gave their farewell entertainment at White's Eooms, under the patronage of His Excellency Sir Dominick Daly, Major Vivian, Lieutenant-Colonel Mayo, the Mayor of Ade laide, and other leading colonists. The room was crowded, and the performances were greatly applauded. Each lady and gentleman in the reserve seats was presented with a carte de vi&ite; of Mrs. Case, which will doubtless long be cherished as a souvenir of a lady who has made many evenings in Adelaide pleasant in'spite of all the dull times. On Wednesday, the Sunday-school in connection with Trinity Church, held their . annual festival at Oaklands, on the grounds of Mr. Crozier, which had been kindly lent for the occasion. The party numbering upwards of 300, with their teachers and friends, started in the morning in seven of Hill & Co.'s vans and an omnibus. On reaching Oaklands the vans were vacated, and the children entered into the various games with great zeal. The party re turned to the schoolroom shortly after 4 o'clock,where a very excellent tea was provided. A tea meeting will be held in the schoolroom this evening. The following is a comparative state ment of transactions in the Lands Titl Offi for the month of April:— 1860\. 1867. Applications... ... ... 116 81 Transfers 180 156 Mortgages ... ... ... 138 ' 175' Leases... ... ... ... 35 37 Transfer of mortgages ... 4 5 ' Discharges ... ... ... 73 81 Caveats 7 4 Powers of attorney... ... 7 2 Transfers of lease ... ... 9 -7 Surrender of leases ... ... 5 5 Transmissions ... 5 6: Declarations of trust ... 1 1 Licences .1. ... 1 2 : Withdrawal of caveat ... 1 3 Writ ... ... ... ... 1 — 2 Certificate of death... ... — 2 Order of Court ... ... 1 2 Total ... ... ... 583 571 Fees of Office £621 13 , £551 16 6 Value of land brought under the Act ... £106,284 £42,336 On Wednesday evening an unusual en tertainment took place at the Lunatic Asylum On that evening, about 80 of the inmates—mal and female—or nearly one- fourth of the house hold were assembled together in a new rooi which has just been erected for the purposes c a male dormitory. Dancing was engaged in b; a number of the inmates and a few visitors wh' had been invited. In addition to dancing several songs were given by lady visitors am some of the inmates, and one or two recitation were delivered by gentlemen present. Th dancing, music, singing, and recitations, seemei all to be highly appreciated by the unfortu nate inmates. The decorum and quietness o the patients would have done credit to even: sane audience, and indeed had we been askei into the room unaware of the character of thosi present, we should most certainly have ima gined we were_ in the company of sam people, except in such instances as when dementias or idiocy were shown in the face Dr. Paterson, the Resident Medical Officer thinks that such meetings as these have a ver beneficial influence upon the inmates. The; may not, he says, have any directly curativ* effect, but they do much to ameliorate the sai condition of the unfortunate people who ar< confined within the walls of the Asylum, anc whose dreary monotonous life is unbrokei except on such occasions as these. We regre' to hear that there is no accommodation b] which these entertainments can be continued The room in which the proceedings we hav< referred to transpired is to be occupied to-night we believe, as a men's dormitory, and there ii no other apartment in which such an entertain ment can be given. These pleasant gatherings can therefore only occasionally take place, as i' will cause much inconvenience to clear the roon whenever it is wanted. It is a pity that a roorr fit for this purpose is not built, because any thing to alleviate the sad condition of thesi poor creatures ought in the interests of humanit] and charity to be done. The following tenders have been re ceived at the office of the Engineer and Archi tect:—For additions, alterations, &c.;, to Court House and Police- Station, also verandah tc Custom-House, Goolwa—A. Schroder, £635 93. Usher & Reid, £847; W. Baker, £867 (accepted) G. Sara and Sons, £924; T. Martin, £926 10s. 4d. T. Dowland, £986; T. Dowland, £1,048. Foi fencing rain-water tank and sundry works a1 Court-House, Moonta-T. R. Heath, £225 (ae cepted); J. Beaglehole, £267 10s. : W. Square. £268 14s..; E. De Garis, £288 12s.; W. Ham cock, £330; AY. Francis, £368; R. Anderson, £289 10s. For erecting verandah and sundry works at Telegraph-Station, AVillunga—G. Sara and Sons, £71 5s. (accepted); G. Cheeseman, £87 8s. 5d.; John Richards, £122 10s. For erecting volunteer drill shed near Police Bar racks—AY. Lines, £31317s. (withdrawn); Thos. Hall, £770 (accepted) ; AY. F. Gray, £805 ; Tapson & Niesche, £810; C. Farr, £814; AY. Baker, £829; Brown & Thompson, £845 7s. 10d.; Josh. Turner, £989; AY. Periam, £1,028 7s. The anniversary services in connection I with the Queenstown Primitive Methodist Sab bath-schools were commenced on Sunday, the 28th April, when three sermons were preached to deeply-interested and attentive congregations by the Rev. J. Branthwaite—in the morning, from Isaiah 32nd chapter and 15th verse. The afternoon's text was the 14th verse of the 5th chapter of St. Luke; and the evening's discourse was founded upon the 1st chapter of St. Paul's 1st Epistle to the Corinthians. At intervals during the day the children recited several pieces of poetry, &c.;, in a veiy creditable manner. At 4 p.m. on Monday, the 29th April, the children were regaled with tea, cake, &c.;, and seemed to thoroughly enjoy the good things provided for them. At 6 o'clock the usual adult tea took place, and was well at tended. At 7.30 p.m. a public meeting was held in the chapel, over which Mr. F. Verrier, the respected Superintendent of the school, was unanimously called to preside. The pro ceedings were opened with prayer, and the Chairman, in the absence of the Secretary, then read the report, from which it appeared that the number of scholars at the last anni versary was 70, with four teachers. The number now on the books is 78, teachers same as last year, showing an increase of eight scholars, but no corresponding increase of teachers. The average attendance during the year was 51, and the children had conducted themselves well, some of them showing by their seriousness and 1 attention that they duly appreciated the efforts made by the teachers to bring them to a know ledge of the truth as it is in Jesus. Last year's anniversary services had given them the sum of £12 18s. 9d., and the expenditure had amounted to £1117s. 3d., leaving a balance of £1 Is. 6d. in the Treasurer's hands. Mr. Johnson then addressed the meeting, appealing in feeling terms to those assembled to support by their prayers and contributions the great object for which Sabbath- schools had been established, viz., the advancement of the Redeemer's king dom, and the overthrow of Satan, and all his devices. Mr. Switzer followed, and in a few appropriate words ably seconded the remarks of the previous speaker. The Chairman then called upon the Rev. J. Branthwaite, who, on rising, expressed his gratification at witnessing so good a muster of the friends of the cause as were present that evening, and then in an earnest and telling speech the rev. gentleman proceeded to impress upon his hearers the importance of early religious training, interspersing his re marks with several anecdotes bearing upon the subject in question, and affectionately appealing to the audience to support, by all the means in their power, the institution of Sabbath-schools. The collection was then made, and the meeting closed with prayer and singing, highly pleased with the evening's proceedings. The total amount realised by the services is £10 7s. odd, which, added to £1 Is. 6d. in Treasurer's hands, brings up the amount available for this year's expenses to about £11 8s. 6d. The following letter from the Barriei Ranges completely sets at re3t the reports sc extensively circulated as to there being a gold field there. The letter was received last Satur day by Mr. George Clarke, Green's Plains, fron his son Charles, who left here about two months ago in company with Messrs. Saint and Serle —" Barrier Ranges, 18th April, 1867.—Deal Father—AYe arrived at the Barrier Ranges or the 12th April, and we have searched the Ranges along for more than 40 miles. AYe can neithes find gold nor ascertain where any has beer found. It is all a hoax. There has never beer any. gold found on the Ranges.^ There arc several parties prospecting and sinking about but no gold has been found, nor I don'1 believe there ever will. It is a miserable barren place. AYe are about 400 miles up from .AYallaroo. There is nothing doin< here. There is no work to be got of any sort I shall start back again about the latter end o: the month. AYe are now between Leake's anc Lambert's. AYe are. six miles from Leake's station, and two from Lambert's station. I you write, direct the letter to Paratoo station and I can get it as I am coming back." AYe have also reoeived the following from ou: Moonta correspondent:—The exit to the Bar rier Ranges has now nearly ceased. I here for ward you the copy of a letter received from the so-called gold region, the authenticity of whicl may be relied upon. Great numbers of mei have been waiting for this letter, and now i' has come their ardor for migration to thi: locality seems to have been damped:—"Bar rier Ranges, Lambert's Station, April 18 1867.—Dear Father—AYe are at present abou the end of our jonrney. For the last week w< have been travelling about just to seethe place for though all along the news has not been very encouraging, and we did not expect to. hear any thing, we thought we would see the place, ant at present we are at Lambert's Station, and have passed Campbell's Creek, where some men have been trying for the gold. AYe hear that a greai number of men have been here, and at presenl there is a party of four men from Wallaroo, fou: more with packhorses, five more we left behint at Mr. AYhiting's station a few days ago. The two'men that went with us when we left the Burra returned last Friday, carrying their swag! with them on their backs. There were two mei at AYhiting's station, who said they had beei here a fortnight, and have sunk a few holei without success, and they had seen a party o: men from Mount Murohison, who said they hac got three specks of gold there, but they coulc not show them. After we have given the horses a rest I suppose we shall return. One man wil take this to AYhiting's, and then the mail wil tbke it on to Adelaide. I should very rauol like to hear from you, but it will be of no us< to write, for we don't know where we shall be, —John Lander." AYe have also seen a lettei from Mr. George Saint, the news contained ii it being to the same effect as the above—nt gold. —Wallaroo Times, 