WALLAROO: WEDNESDAY, JULY 24. "We regret that our present summary of news will convey no intelligence of any improvement in the general' state of trade in tlie colony, or in the position of a very large number of our community. The times are as dull, and employment for working men is as scarce if not more so than ever. Parliament was opened on the 5th inst., but of course up to this time 'nothing has been done except replying to to the Governor's speech, receiving peti tions from all parts of the country praying that public works may be commenced, for the double purpos^of openingupthe coun try and providing employment to relieve the present distress. The Treasurer has presented his budget, and there has been a good .deal of talk about the preparation to be made for the reception of H.R.H. the Duke of Edinburgh. This is about a summary of what has been done in the House of Assembly. "We suppose it never will be possible to make Parliament move very quickly ; unless, as has been - done, by way of something sensa tional, once in two or three years, the stcmding orders are suspended, and a Bill is introduced and carried through all its stages in one afternoon. "Weshould like to see something of this kind done now to. provide work for the hundreds who are wanting it, many of whom are leaving the colony for want of employment. "We believe some of the people's representa tives are alive to the state of the country, and the consequent importance of prompt action; but there are always some whose especial province in the House seems, to- be to carp and cavil and oppose everything introduced by others—pro moters of objections legal or illegal— repugnant advocates of invalidity. It would be well if Parliament would take the state of the country into their most earnest and anxious consideration, and devise speedy means for relieving the present state of, things. I*erhaps when the Treasurer's , Budget comes to be debated, something may be started, which, if well followed up may lead to good results. We believe railway extension will be promoted during the present session. We have no doubt that the two impor tant lines from Port Augusta to the North, and from one of the South eastern ports to the interior about | Narracoorte, will be started. It is very contrary to our disposition to be faint- j hearted or desponding, but we must confess we fear our prospects for getting anything done during the present session, towards initiating the Clare and Wallaroo Sailway, are not very bright. The amended memorial to the Upper House is now on its way to Adelaide, and we are glad to know that we have many friends in the Legislative Council—a larger proportion than we think we can reckon upon in the House of Assembly. Nevertheless, we fear the Council has not so much power to carry such a Bill as we require, as the Assembly has. We 'hope those members who are favorable to the project will make a vigorous effort to push it forward in both Houses, and we are sure the inhabitants of the Clare and Wallaroo districts will do every thing in their power to strengthen the hands of the members. The reason that more stir is not at present being made on the subject in the respective localities, is that we are waiting patiently for the statement of the Government after they shall have received the report of the surveyor upon the Clare line. If the answer of the (xovernment to our representatives be then unfavorable, we should not be surprised at a perfect explosion of popular feeling both at Clare and on the Peninsula. We do not intend to submit quietly to have our claims ignored, and so important a project shelved;—important not only to the two districts immediately interested,; but indirectly to the colony at large. The Metropolis is in a ferment about! the promised visit of H.E.H. the Duke of Edinburgh, and no end of enthusiasm is being set to work in anticipation of his coming. We have had a preliminary | meeting at the inevitable Cornucopia, where most important matters of this kindare usually discussed. Ourenthusiasm i would have been greater could we have felt sure of the Clare Bailway. What a glorious opportunity it would be to get H.3J.H., the sailor Duke, to cut the first sod! It is not yet too late if our legis lators will only wake up to a sense of their duty. The Prince must come to Wallaroo, or he will omit seeing one of the most important parts of the colony. The G-alatea would look well lying afloat in our bay, and we hope we shall have the pleasure of seeing her here about the end of September. Notwithstanding the prevailing stagna tion of things in general, we are glad to say that our great mines continue as prosperous as ever. The quantity of ore raised suffers no diminution, though the number of men employed has been reduced. If the favorable news brought by last mail of the state of the copper market, should be confirmed by the next advices, and the prospects for the future seem brighter, a considerable impulse to mining in the colony, and especially in thiB district will doubtless be the result. A proclamation in Thursday's Gazette con stitutes Wallaroo a district under the Dog Act, and the Local Court, Wallaroo, a place of registering for the dogs of the district. Letters and papers for England will have to be posted here on Friday evening, the English mail closing in Adelaide on Monday forenoon. The election of a member for East Torrens has resulted in the return of Mr Daniel Fisher, who has beaten Mr Neville Blyth by a majority of 27 votes. This serves Mr Blyth right. His resigna ! tion was not only in itself a piece of Quixotism, but it has put the country to the expense of an election, for which there was not the slightest necessity. The coal ships still keep out, and the coal heap continues diminishing fast. When the vessels arrive the cargoes will be consumed in the Smelt ing Works almoBt as quickly as they can be dis charged. A meeting to take into consideration the advisability of petitioning Parliament to have con structed a tramway via Freeling, Truro, and there to Blanchetown, took place at the Truro Hotel on Tuesday, July 16. The meeting was largely attended. Mr A. Shannon presided. A resolu tion that the Government should be petitioned to connect the River Murray with the present railway was carried unanimously. Other resolu tions in support of the scheme were carried, and a petition adopted for presentation to the House of Assembly. From advertisements in another part of the paper, it will be seen that three candidates offer their services as members for the vacancies in the Legislative Council,—namely, Messrs Crozier, Morgan, and Rounsevell. They are all in favor of the Clare and Wallaroo Railway, which is the chief recommendation in our regard. The Paramatta Mine continues to yield very satisfactory returns of ore of excellent quality. The lodes in course of working will, it is supposed, eventually run into one main lode. Considerable quantities of ore are being raised, much of it con taining twenty-four per cent, of copper. We regret to hear that our old acquaintance the Walrus has been getting into trouble. She I had loaded her cargo of timber and other produce at the Don, for Wallaroo, and was afterwards detained for three weeks by reason of contrary winds. A gale of wind then came on to blow with terrific fury, accompanied by an ettraordinary high tide. The schooner was blown from her moorings and drifted on shore, where she was left by the receding tide high and dry. It was found that she had sustained serious damage to her hull and keel. It was, therefore, necessary that her cargo should be taken out of her, and that she should undergo a thorough repair. The cargo was accordingly relanded, and the schooner is now in course of being repaired. A preliminary m'eeting to take into considera tion the best means to be adopted for giving a welcome to the Duke of Edinburgh, was held at the Cornucopia 011 Monday evening. There was a fair attendance, but not much business done. One gentleman proposed that communication should be opened with the general committee in Adelaide, suggesting that the Prince should come by steamer to Clinton, when a kangaroo hunt could be arranged by the Peninsular committee, to be followed by a banquet in the evening ; the first part of the next day to be devoted to visiting the mines and the Smelting Works, the Prince and his retinue returning to Clinton in the afternoon. Several other suggestions were made, after which the meeting was adjourned to the following week. Mr W. R. Boothby, Returning Officer for the Province, attended at the Town Hall buildings, Adelaide, to declare the nominations he had received of gentlemen to fill the vacancies in the Legislative Council. After reading the Writ com manding him to hold the election, the nomination papers, proposing and seconding the following gentlemen as candidates, were read: — John . Crozier, of the Sturt, gentleman; Edward Collett Homersham, of Crafers; William Morgan, of Netherby, Mitcham, merchant ,* William Roun sevell, of G-lenelg, gentleman; Emanuel Solomon, of Adelaide, merchant; James Crabbe Verco, of North Adelaide, gentleman;. James Wright, of Adelaide, gentleman. The election will take place on Tuesday, August 6. We beg to direct attention to the announce ment in another column of Miss Aitken's Read ings. The first is to be given at the Cornucopia Hotel, Wallaroo, on Thursday evening. This talented lady's feme has preceded her, and all the eulogiums which have been bestowed upon her by the press have been amply confirmed by private reports. We have no doubt that the room will be crowded to-morrow evening. In addition to the gold chain presented by tha Congregationalists to the Rev. D. M. Davies, prior to his departure for Victoria, the members of the Welsh Congregation, to whom he lias ministered, have presented him with an excellent silver watch I and a gold pencil-case. They have also signified their intention of defraying Mr Davies's expeace g to his new scene of labors in Victoria. It m ust be very gratifying to the reverend gentleman to find, that although he has been so short a time in the neighbourhood, he has so far gained the good will of the people by liis altaiable disposition and unobtrusiW manners. We are sure he carries with him the good wishes of all who know him. The laying of the foundation-stone of the Soman Catholic Church took plaee' last Sunday. A large concourse of persons assembled to witness the ceremony, including iiiaily from Kadina and Moonta. Mass was said in the wooden chapel in the morning. Shortly after its conclusion a little before noon, the Very Rev. J. Smyth, the Rev. Mr Reynolds, and the Rev. Mr Kennedy issued from the chapel, and, preceded by lads habited in white and bearing holy water and the Bible, pro ceeded to tne western end of the site of the new edifice, where a wooden cross had been erected, and rffered prayer. They then walked to the eastern end and, standing before the foundation stone, recited the Catholic litany and other forms of prayer. After this a bottle was placed in a cavity of the stone on which the foundation-stone was to rest, containing a parchment in which was written the facts usually inscribed on such docu ments. The stone was then blessed in accord ance with the rites of the Catholic Church, and having been deposited in its place by Messrs Kerrison and Phillips, the Rev. Mr Smyth, touching it with a silver towel, pronounced it laid in the name of the Father, of the Son, and of the Holy Ghost. After some other formalities had been observed, the Rev. Mr Smyth mounted a ' platform under a canopy, which Had been improvised, of canvas and pine branches, read from the first to the 11th verses, inclusive, of the 1st chap, of Malachi, and taking those portions of scripture as the basis of his discourse, he pro ceeded to deliver a sermon that was characterized by much eloquence, fervor and impressiveness. On the conclusion of the sermon it was announced | that contributions would be received towards the building fund. Subscriptions at once were i handed in rapidly, and in a short time there was collected upwards of £140. We understand that about £250 had been previously contributed to the fund. An inquest was held at the Royal Hotel, Clarendon, on Saturday, July 13, before Mr E. J. Peake, S.M., on the body of a newly-born infant buried under suspicious circumstances, and exliumed by order of the. Stipendaiy Magistrate. From the evidence it appeared that a Mrs Elizabeth Bishop, widow, but living with a man named W. Vinecombe, was, about ten days pre viously confined of a still-born child, and that Vinecombe not thinking the affair worth the expense of a coffin, wrapped the body up in a lot of clothes, and a hole having been dug in the garden by one of his neighbours, the bundle waa thrown in and covered over. The matter having reachei the ears of the public, the body was exhumed. The nurse deposed to the fact -of the child having been still-born, and the doctor- said there waft no evidence of foul play. The Coroner remarked that common decency called for better attention to the interment of children than would be shown towards dogs and pigs, and severely censured Vinecombe—the reputed father—for his conduct. ' Mr J. B. Austin gave his lecture on the " Far North," in Lloyd's schoolroom, on Thursday evening, in aid of the Sinnett Fund. There was a fair attendance—and it would no doubt have been larger but for the threatening aspect of the weather. The Rev. J. Leslie Smith presided, and introduced the lecturer to the meeting. In com mencing his lecture, Mr Austin referred to the important position the colony had attained since its foundation, and then proceeded to speak of the natural scenery of the province. Much of the scenery was very beautiful, and South Australia was by no means an uninteresting place for the traveller. He instanced the splendid scenery of Glen Osmond and the country in the neighbour hood of Encounter Bay. The backbone range of the colony commenced at Cape Jervis, and ran 7 degrees north. Farther north the range was broken and disconnected,. and still further on were immense plains. In this range was found almost every known metal. He referred to the productive silver lead mines at Cape Jervis, and in speaking of the auriferous reefs he thought that payable reefs would yet be met with between Adelaide and FLchunga. The Far North was almost entirely unsuited to agriculture. The prevailing soil was a disintegrated clay slate, the walking over which plays the very dickens with one's boots. The lecturer wote out one pair in a fortnight. He described the localities known as Bundaleer and Bungaree, where the grass was magnificent. The country beyond Bundaleer was rather flat. Oh to Mount Remarkable, which was 1857 feet from base to summit, and thence to Beautiful Valley. He mentioned the saltbusb, spoke of its value to cattle, of its wonderful vitality, and had seen horses eat sticks of saltbush as thick as his finger and thrive on it. Speaking of the Uro — a species of big kangaroo — he delated how a settler named Jacobs was carried by old mail kangaroo to a waterhole and nearly -drowced. The grandest scenery in the colony was to be found'in the North. The lecturer gave an eloquent description o;f Wilpena Pound and the surrounding ranges. Wlien it rains in the north it comes down with a vengeance, an the hail come down with such force as to go through galvanized iron roofs- The roads in places were extraordinarily steep, but this inconvenience was balanced by the wonderful sagacity and climbing powers of the horses—they can climb like cats, can go up any road short of the perpendicular and were so fond of climbing that the lecturer had upon one occasion to hold in hard the one he -was riding to prevent the brute going up a tree. We expected to hear something about " The Anthropophagi and men whose heads Do grow beneath their shoulders," but were disappointed. The lecturer next described the Yudanamutana and neighbouring mines. The country for miles was wonderfully rich in copper. Indications of copper, such as are found on the Peninsula, would be thought nothing of in the North. There some of the lodes were as plainly marked as the houses in the streets, and one might trace a lode for miles. Mr Austin spoke of the blacks of the Far North and their customs, and gave an amusing account of Pompey, a well-known blackfellow in the North for many years, but now defunct. He then enlarged upon the wealth and impoatance of the North, referred to the present improved state of the Northern country, and after a few other remarks, brought the first part of his lecture to a close. The lecturer was loudly applauded. The next portion of the enter tainment was the exhibition of views in the North by the magic lantern. Several views were shown of the most remarkable places in the North. Unfortunately there was something wrong with the lantern, and the views, when thrown upon the canvas, were not so distinct as could have been desired- However, sufficient was seen to give one a pretty correct perception of the places repre sented, besides each illustration as it appeared was accompanied by a few elucidatory remarks by the lecturer. A vote of thanks to the Chairman terminated the proceedings. Earring a little humorous hyperbole, the lecture contained a large amount of information respecting the Far North, and its delivery was listened to by the audience "with much interest. The toll-collector on the Port Adelaide road, in his report to the Central Road Board, states that he has had very little trouble in collecting the tolls — in fact only in two or three instances has the toll been refused to be paid. Strangely enough, the first who refused to pay was an M.P. I wonder if he was one of our own members, and if so which ? A sad state of things, indeed, when a law-maker is the first to become a law-breaker. The toll-keeper, however, says that the M.P. had to succumb, as the toll-keeper's son on seeing him return, locked and refused to open the gate unless he was paid. The following were the tenders received at the Government Engineer and Architect's office for the erection of the residence of the Harbor Master of this place ;—B>. Anderson, £1,197 ; B. Honey, £1,213; W. Hancock, £1,231; E. De G-aris, £1.328; Tavlor and Sellars, £1,355; Gr. Tyley, £1,375. 