The Nobelist. GRANTFORD GRANGE. BY MARY KYLE DALLAS. CHAPTER XVII. THE VILLAIN AND HIS TOOL. THE crowd had left the court house, and, di- vided into little groups, dispersed itself over the town and was seen no more. The after- noon was wearing to a close, and already a faint, ghost-like moon lay in the sun-set sky ready to assert her supremacy when day had left her throne. Down in the tangled woods it was already evening, and there, leaning against a giant oak tree, stood Richard Osprey, his young face pallid as horror could make it, his hands clenched until the nails pierced the soft palms, and his whole frame trembling convul- sively. Opposite him stood Simeon Blix smok- ing a cigar, with both hands in his pockets, and his twinkling, black eyes fixed upon those of the conscience- tortured youth. The latter first broke silence. "Sim.," he said, "this can't go on. I can't let it—I dare not. The man will be hung— hung, Sim. Think of that. My cousin, too, and a fellow after my own heart. Oh no, Sim. —you know I'm not a villain. I must have Otho back. Anything is better than this— anything— anything !" Sim. looked at his companion scornfully. "Go on," he said. " Let it out. Let the steam off—do. It will do you good. You'd oughter have hysterics like a gal. Lord, now don't you look like one—chattering and raving there ! Have Otho back ! There's a good one. You'll be glad to do it, won't you ? Lord, yes, have him back. Give him the property, and go beg or starve. How are you going to get him back, eh ? You needn't suppose I'll let you make a fool of yourself—" "You heard tbe verdict, Sim.," cried the youth—"Guilty! Oh ! how my cousin's face looked then ! You heard the sentence— 'To be hanged by the neck until he is dead.' And he an innocent man. A kingdom couldn't pay me for such a murder. It would be a murder as much as if I shed his blood." Sim. Blix took his cigar from his lips and cooly brushed away the ashes. "Hanged by the neck until he is dead," he said. "Well, just now you'd rather stand in his shoes than your'n had you ? Because, look here, Dick, it's too late to hunt Otho up now— altogether too late. I'm implicated. I've acted a friendly part to you, and done what you couldn't have the pluck to do for yourself, and as I said, I'm implicated. How, I ant goin' to be kicked down the ladder after I've climbed so far ; and if any one tries it I'll have revenge, sure as my name's Blix. You know what hap- pened between you and your uncle, in the woods, and that there sentence will be done over for your benefit if you rile me too much. Other- wise I'm friendly. He had better hang than you ; and if he was in the way, of course the Grange is as far as ever. That an't my plan. As your brother-in-law, 'tisn't my plan, you may suppose." The youth looked at the grinning monster before him, and, clasping his hands to his brow, flung himself upon the earth. "It is too horrible !" he moaned—"too hor- rible ! I cannot meet such a fate. Yet it would be better than to be a murderer in reality. What a coward I am— what a coward— oh ! Heavens, what a coward !" "Wouldn't tell the whole world if you don't want to meet the consequences," said Sim. "They've only got to look to see what spunk you've got. I wouldn't be a gal, I vow I wouldn't," said Simeon Blix, cooly. The youth started to his feet and caught his arm fiercely. "You can't be quite a fiend," he said— "not quite— not quite. Your face and form are hu- man. Listen : I pray for mercy. Don't force me to this evil deed. You know I cannot walk of my own accord to the gallows. You know I don't deserve such a fate. Let me find Otho. Let me take him back to the Grange. You shan't be compromised— indeed yon shan't. I don't ask you to do anything to help me ; but for Heaven's sake, Blix, don't throw obstacles in my way. If ever I come into possession of the property you shall ask for what you chose. I swear it, Blix. Half— all. Oh, Sim., think. My cousin is innocent. He has never harmed us—never !" Simeon Blix tossed away the bit of cigar re- maining and smiled sarcastically. "Much obliged for nothing," he said. "Put Otho back at the Grange, and let this cousin of yours march around waiting for the child's shoes, and you've a splendid chance, haven't you, of the Grange property you're to be so generous with. What a stupid you are, Dick ! Tian't likely you'll find Otho, for I shan't help you, and all you'll do will be to run your head into the halter. I'm a good friend, but I've got too much gipsy in me not to be a bitter enemy as well. Let things take their course, I say ; folks are coming." He turned away as he spoke, and Richard, slouching his cap over his eyes, followed Simeon Blix along the path leading townward. At the very sound of footsteps his yearning to do right gave way to abject terror, and as he went, he whispered : "They didn't hear me, Sim. I did not speak very loudly. They never could have heard me." "Folks of that kind are not fond of listen- ing," said Simeon, as he pointed to two old farmers plodding along with their chins buried in their waistcoats. "You are coming to your senses at last, Dick Come— I'm friendly as long as I an't riled, and we're to be brothers, you know." Dick said nothing. He walked on, bent upon concealing his troubled face from any chance observer, neither daring to look behind or before him, and, while hating the man at his side, too much afraid of him to utter a word to vex him now that the first burst of feeling was over. Besides, as he walked on a vision of the Grange arose before his eyes— a vision of himself as its master. What a life it would be contrasted with that he now led. Luxury, ease, honour, in place of poverty, anxiety, and the shame of debts and duns. He began to try to fancy himself in the hands of fate—to say, I can't help it, after all— to throw all blame on Sim. Blix and exonerate himself— to sink once more into the weak tool of a wicked man, and to loose the little strength bitter remorse had for the moment given him. Two hours later, flushed with wine, yet with the decanter still at his elbow, he sat opposite Simeon, trolling forth a drinking song, and be- tween the verses boasting loudly that he was master of the Grange, and promising enormous gifts of land and jewels and horseflesh, which would have astounded the very genii of the Arabian Nights' Entertainments, not only to Sim., but to the grinning waiter who attended on them. ——— CHAPTER XVIII. AN EVENTFUL SIGHT. LIONEL MALCOLM— or, now that his real name is known, Lionel Peyton— had been incarcerated in his cell for many days, seeing no living face save that of his gaoler. He knew his doom was sealed. He knew that all the world was against him. The proofs of guilt were fearfully strong, and his innocence could not be credited by mortal man. There had been no thought of mercy or pardon in his case, for the crime seemed so vile a one— the murderer of a child too foul a creature to be forgiven by man or by his Maker. How strong the feeling was against him he scarcely knew until, one day, his gaoler's child — a toddling boy of three— followed his father into the prisoner's cell when he brought him his midday meal. The little one had entered with the fearlessness of childhood, and Lionel had held out his hand towards him, glad to greet even so young a creature with the clasp of friendship ; but at that moment its mother, pale with fear, had followed and caught her child, and bore it off with something between a sob and a cry. She uttered no word, but her eyes said, "The hand red with the blood of one child shall not touch that of mine," and their glance stabbed Lionel to the soul. From that hour the innocent man felt that the brand of Cain was on his brow, and dreaded to meet the glance of his fellow-mortals. Flung upon a couch, he hid his pallid face by hours together, wondering, as he lay supinely, what Geraldine would think— what she would feel ; longing to speak to her for one instant ; praying that at least she might believe him innocent. And the good old clergyman and his wife— the dear old woman who had professed her trust in him until the last— why did they never come near him ? She came at last— cosy, comfortable Mrs. Helmstone— bringing homelike, sunshine into the cell with her, even though it fell there through a shower of tears. She kissed Lionel on his forehead, and called him "her own dear boy." She told him how she trusted in some- thing happening to prove his innocence before it was too late, and how she prayed for it on her bended knees morning and evening. "And about my daily work, too, Lionel," she said ; "and when I'm visiting the sick and poor, and always, I do believe ; for you are never out of my mind, nor out of your mother's, I know. She would be with me also, but she is ill— not dangerously, so don't be frightened, but in a sort of nervous fever— and quite weak, poor dear. Archibald—" There she stopped, and flushed ; and the prisoner said, sadly : "Mr. Helmstone thinks me guilty, I know." "I know he doesn't," sobbed the little wo- man ; "but the best of men are so frightfully unreasonable ! They will have proofs. Now we women know things are so or not so by our feelings. Archy should trust his. But there is the ridiculous evidence. It's only for a while though, my dear ; I'm sure of that. Some- thing will happen to clear it all up, and end the matter to your credit ; and we shall see you master of the Grange yet. God is a just God, Lionel." "Amen !" said the prisoner. "Yet he some- times permits innocent men to suffer." "On earth," said Mrs. Helmstone, bursting into a fresh flood of tears. "But, my dear, if even that should happen, there's a better world than this—a world where all things are re- vealed. My poor boy, my dear, dear Lionel— trust in Him, even to the last. Believe in Him. He never forsakes unless we hare forsaken Him." Then, kneeling beside the couch where he had flung himself, the good old soul pillowed the young man's head upon her arm, and kissed his broad, white forehead. Then, with a farewell, and a promise to come again whenever she could gain admission, she would have left him ; but he caught her hand. "Stop, kind friend," he said. "One ques- tion, and, for Heaven's sake, answer me truly : Does Geraldine Osprey think me guilty ?" "Geraldine is a woman, Lionel," said the old lady. "She knows you never did so horrible a thing as that they accuse you of." "Are you sure— are you sure ? Has she said so ?" gasped Lionel. "A thousand times," said the old lady. "I'd hate her if she thought otherwise." "Thank Heaven !" sighed the prisoner. Then, in a fainter tone, he asked: "Is she married yet ?" "No," said the old lady. "The vulgar wretch she is engaged to— how it, ever hap- pened I don't know— would have liked the wedding to take place; but the death of little Otho is a good excuse for putting it off longer. I hope she'll never have him, and I wish— Oh dear, when we think what might have been we sometimes can't make up our minds to what is !" What might have been ! The words fell upon Lionel's ear with a cruel sound. His old, bright dreams rose before him vividly, and he turned away his face to hide the tears that would start despite his every effort to restrain them. He hardly heard the parting words of his good old friend, or the closing of the door behind her, in the great agony of those ghosts of blighted hopes. Yet he was better for that brief visit ; more able to think with fortitude of the dread future, and to pray for strength te bear the worst should the worst be permitted to fall upon him. Sometimes, despite his conviction that there was no hope for him, a momentary expectation of deliverance flashed upon him. A step in the corridor without his cell, a sudden ring of the prison bell, a loud murmur of voices, would fill him with the thought that some event had taken place which had proved his innocence. For a while he would pace the floor awaiting for good news— hopeful, eager, trembling with expectation— only to fling himself upon his couch again, more crushed and hopeless than before. Mrs. Helmstone did not come again. Truth to tell, she also was waiting for the good news that never came. And Mrs. Peyton— now dange- rously ill— demanded constant care. The days wore on— fast for all who watched their flight— but oh, how rapidly for one whose hours were numbered ! It is not possible for a young man in full health and strength to think calmly of such a death as that which had been meted out for Lionel Peyton ; and he longed to be the veriest beggar in the street, free to breathe the air of Heaven as long as nature gave him leave to live —to be any man, how- ever wretched, in any condition, or any clime, if with the change only the life and freedom allotted by his Maker could be giren. One day, when the aim bad so nearly set that the shadows of the bars upon the windows crept over the floor and up the opposite wall, giving the little room the resemblance of a cage, Lionel, gloomier than ever, paced the floor, counting his steps for very weariness, when the gaoler opened the door and announced : "A lady." Expecting to meet the form of good Mrs. Helmstone, Lionel's eyes turned towards the spot, and rested on a figure dressed in black, and half covered by a heavy mourning veil. It stood quite motionless until the door was closed, and then the veil was lifted, and Lionel saw before him Geraldine Osprey. For a moment neither spoke. Lionel re- mained mute, as though he fancied her presence but a vision, which a word or a movement might dissolve into thin air ; and the girl could not control her voice sufficiently to utter any greeting. But, after a struggle, she broke the silence of the cell : "You wonder at my coming here, perhaps," she said. "I may have done wrong, but I could not stay away. I have so longed to see you, to assure you that I at least knew your hands are free from stain of blood. If, for one moment, I could have feared that you doubted my trust in you, I could have borne the pang. You— never— thought I could believe—" She could say no more, sobs interrupted her utterance, and she sank upon the little stool Lionel brought forward for her, and hid her face in her kerchief. Lionel knelt beside her. In their emotion both remembered only their earnest love and the doom which hong over one of them. As the youth knelt he ventured to clasp the girl's hand, to twine his arm about her waist ; and his poor, aching head sank upon her shoulder. She felt it there, and the other hand fell caressingly upon his carls. "My poor, poor darling," she whispered; "my dearest of the world ! How dare they use you thus ! How dare they doubt your inno- cence ! Is there no hope, no mercy in their hearts ! Are they fiends ?" She looked down into the pale face on her shoulder, but all its grief had vanished. In its place remained ineffable sweetness and joy. The gentle touch of that dear hand had charmed away all terrors ; for the first time she knew she loved him ; all along she had known that he loved her. At another moment maiden modesty and shame for the betrayal of her love might have overwhelmed Geraldine Osprey, but this was such a solemn moment as a death-bed parting might be, and the world's conventionalities were not remembered. As a mother or a sister might, she held her kneeling lover in a chaste embrace. Glad to feel his breath upon her cheek, the ripple of his curling hair beneath her hand, for the last as well as the first time. If only ruthless time could have stopped and left the two together in that prison cell, despite its bare walls and its barred windows, it would have seemed to both an earthly, paradise. The sun sank lower, the shadows lengthened, climbing the walls higher and higher still. Scarcely a word was spoken. Content to be beside each other, the lovers hardly cared for speech ; and Lionel felt that even at the last awful moment this hour would be a memory full of balm and healing ; for the consciousness that comes to all true lovers— that the union of heart and soul is not for this world— only had come to him with the first caressing touch of that dear hand fluttering so softly and tremu- lously over his brown curls. Something of this he might hare uttered had not the jingling of the gaoler's keys broken the silence, and caused both to start to their feet as the door opened and the gaoler entered. "You're in luck to-day," he said, looking at the prisoner. "Here's another lady— your old aunty— if she ever gets here for crying. How a gentleman with such affectionate friends could break their hearts, I don't know. I'm pretty tough, but that poor old critter outside does make even me— Ahem !" And the gaoler shook his head, and wiped his eyes. "It is my mother," said Lionel. "Or good Mrs. Helmstone," whispered Geral- dine. But the face and form which at that moment appeared on the threshold were unknown to either. They were those of an old woman of perhaps eighty— the hair white, the cheeks sunken, spectacles hiding the eyes, and a hood and cap enveloping the head ; stooping until she was nearly bent double, supporting herself on a crutch stick, and sobbing dreadfully, she tottered in, crying, as she came ; "My poor nephew— my dear nephew— to think of meeting you in such a place ! Oh, oh, oh !" Lionel gazed in astonishment on this unex- pected visitor, and Geraldine looked from one to the other wonderingly. A sort of terror possessed her, and she involuntarily shrunk from the singular being who approached her. The old lady observed the movement, and spoke, between her sobs : "Don't go, my dear. I'd rather you stayed. Poor, dear boy. Gaoler, leave me awhile with him. An old woman like me can't carry him off, and he's my—only—nephew." Again she shook with grief, and the gaoler who had already brought from his own room an arm-chair, placed it for her and left the room. On the instant the woman arose to her full height, and placed her finger on her lip. "Not a word," she said. "If your aunt is a new relation keep it to yourself." And in a twinkling cap and glasses were lifted, and a tall, dark, beautiful woman, of five-and-thirty or thereabouts, stood before them—Hagar, the gipsy, though neither knew her name. She stood an instant enjoying their astonish- ment, and then resumed her disguise with a low laugh. "Don't disown your aunt, and she'll do you a good turn, young gentleman," she said. "Look here." And in her brown palm, drawn from some hiding-place amidst her head gear, lay two or three delicate instruments of polished steel. "Can you use these ?" she said. "Look you : cut your bars away with these, and at twelve you'll find a couple of our lads outside to help you away from gaol and the gallows— lads who won't shirk danger, and who will walk through fire and water but they'll serve you for the night— lads you can trust with your life, though maybe couldn't with your purse at another time. It's only a light hand and a quick ear, and a moonlight flitting is before you." Lionel's fingers involuntarily caught the lit- tle tools, and his eye turned toward the grated window, as though measuring its strength, but the next moment he made gesture as though to return them. "It is a coward's part to fly," he said. "Who, in such a case, could doubt my guilt ? Who- ever you may be, I thank you from my heart, madam, but I should blush to avail myself of the means of escape you offer." "Better blush than be hanged," said the gipsy. "Eh, my pretty gentleman, dangling at a rope's end, you'd wish for the file and the rope ladder the gipsy lads will toss you. See, now, the young lady's eyes ask you to be sen- sible, and as for thinking you innocent, who thinks that ? Maybe a woman or two, but nei- ther judge nor jury. Come don't be a fool. Take a gipsy's advice (you know we read the stars), and perhaps the truth will come to light some day. I won't take back the tools ; I came to bring them to you." Geraldine clung to Lionel's arm. "Listen to her," she whispered. "Accept her aid, and let Geraldine still pray for your safety." The prisoner's eye once more sought the grated panes, and then returned to the sweet face beside him. Through the clouds of the dark present, he fancied that he caught a glimpse of what might be even yet a gladsome future. Without those bars lay liberty, hope, perhaps a boon still sweeter; within, only a few hours of wretched life and a shameful death. He looked at the gipsy earnestly. "Why have you taken this interest in me ?" he asked. The woman laughed. "Gipsy folk are not like others," she said. "Better not ask, or try to know. Only re- member that until to-morrow sunrise the lads you'll meet outside are sworn to serve you. Come the gaoler is close by. Hide the tools." Her weird black eyes danced over the room, and fell upon a loaf of bread, left with a bowl of soup, for the prisoner's supper. With sur- prising celerity she caught it up, cut a deep wedge from the upper side, scooped out the crumbs, swallowing them as she worked, and hid the tools within, letting the wedge in care- fully, so that it would have taken a sharp eye to detect the line the knife had made. "Your room will be searched after we're gone, I suppose," she said. "They'll never think of that hiding place. Come, lady, we ought to go, for the hours are flying and filing is slow work for the dainty hands of a gentle- man." As she spoke, the glasses, with their enor- mous tortoise-shell rims, were resumed, the lithe form bent and trembled, and an old wo- man seemed to stand weeping before them. Geraldine held out her hand. "Good bye. God guard and bless you," she said. And Lionel whispered : "It may be a lifelong parting, Geraldine. Give me one happy memory," He stooped as he spoke, and their lips met in a long, lingering kiss. "Farewell," he whispered, "farewell. Good angels watch over you, be my fate what it may. And if we never meet on earth, we shall in Heaven." And "in Heaven" fell faintly from the pallid lips of Geraldine, as she cast one agonized glance upon her lover ere she left his cell. [TO BE CONTINUED.] 