THE KAPUNDA HERALD. Friday, September 27th, 1867. THE ROVAL VISIT-LOCAL DEMONSTRATIONS. The statements made by the Treasurer in the House of Assembly on Thursday week, that the Executive Committee in Adelaide had passed a resolution that it was not advisable to contribute sums to the various townships in the colony which might be visited by H.R.H. the Duke of Edinburgh, to assist in defraying the ex penses of local reception?, has excited great indignation and surprise throughout the country districts, the more so as the pass ing of such resolution appears to be tacitly agreed to by the lovernment. Such a course of procedure entirely throws aside any consideration of justice, centralization being apparently the entire object sought to be attained. 1 Let us glance briefly at the proceedings so far. When it became kniwn to the, Parliament that the Duke was to visit' South Australia, it was resolved by them < that he should be received in a fitting manner 5 and they accordingly gave carte blanche to the Government as to the amount to be expended for that purpose; | which, by the way, was not an altogether wise proceeding on the part of the guar dians of the public purse, inasmuch as it will surely lead to a deal of unpleasantness when the " little bill" is submitted to them for payment. It would have been better in our opinion, to have granted a specific amount; and if, on the prepara tions being carried out, it was found more was needed, the Government might have applied for a supplementary amount; and thus the total of expenditure would have b^en known beforehand-a much more pleasant way of proceeding than to have one?s memories of pleasant days rudely disturbed by the presentation of a long account for payment in connection there with. However, the House thought other wise, and shifted the responsibiilty on to the Government, and the Government in their turn shitted the responsibility to an Execu tive Committee, for to them is committed all action in the matter. This Committee believes that charity begins at home, and, therefore, they deal most liberally with themselves: money is scattered like water in the metropolis, sometimes sensililv, but just as irequeutiy m a most ridiculous manner. Triumphal arches are put up and blown down; vast illuminations for the Government buildings are decided on, and a proportionate expenditure incurred on pipes without first obtaining any sdretv that the principal element-the gas-is obtainable in sufficient quantity to render these elaborate devices available; the servants who are to wait on H.R.H. in Adelaide are to be clad out of this fund, which appears to us to be altogether foreign to its purpose, as suits of livery might as well be sent to the servants at the country houses at which H.R.H. puts up j and at length having calculated the cost of these comfortable arrangements, the Committee find that a very round sum will be required to square the bill they have incurred, and magnanimously resolve to meet the difficulty by denying to country towns on the route the assistance they have so liberally accorded to themselves. Adelaide, the residence of the most wealthy men, who could themselves well afford to incur a large expenditure, is most extra- i vagantly subsidized, and, in a great mea-! sure, uselessly so, whilst small country towns, with no millionaire inhabitants, are condemned to find all the funds for local receptions, as well as to contribute their quota towards the amount to be expended in Adelaide. We are far from begrudging the largest share to Adelaide; it is due to i her as the metropolis that the chief de I monstrations should there take place; but as the public funds are being used for the purpose, it is only just and honest that all country towns which are to be honoured by a royal visit should be, to some ex ent, assisted in proportion to the position of importance which they occupy. The Treasurer stated that although the matter had been remitted to the Executive Committee, the Government recognized the duty and responsibility of disbursing the lands ; but the action of the Govern ment appears to contradict this statement, inasmuch as a simple resolution of that Committee is allowed to overrule tlie previously-expressed intentions of the head of the Government, which were plainly enough stated to the deputation that waited on the Chief Secretary Jrom the Local Committee on the 29th August, when in reply to the statement made by His Worship the Mayor of Kapunda, the Chief Secretary said that he had no doubt the Duke would take a run up to Kapunda, per rail, in which case the Government would not have the slightest objection to defraying the expenses connected with his reception ; but tnat any sach grant would be contingent on H.R.H. actually visiting Kapunda. Mr. Barrow then stated that, no doubt the deputation would be satisfied if the Chief Secretary said that the Go vernment would recommend such a visit to be made, and that in the event of tiie Duke agreeing to do so, the Government would bear the expense ot his reception, j and the Chief Secretary said he had no hesitation in giving such pro mise, and further advised the Kapunda Committee to prepare plans and estimates to submit to the Government, when a sum would be conditionally voted for the pur pose-with which answer the deputation were perfectly satisfied. Accordingly a rough estimate was submitted and an amount of £500 asked for on the 10th of September, and on the 18;h a letter was received, further stating that no money would be voted except in case of the Duke's visit, and even then not to the amount or for the purpose named-evidently implying that some assistance was to be rendered; and then on the 19th, because the Execu tive Committee-composed of town resi dents-had pHssed a resolution that country towns should not be subsidized, the Go vernment chooses to wipe out its former promises, on the faith of which the Local Committee has already incurred conside rable expenditure. In whatever light the action of the Government in this matter is viewed, it cannot he made to wear a credit able aspect. It was their duty in the place to have followed the c>urse suggested to the Kapundaites by the Chief Secretary -namelv, to have prepared plans and esti mates of the metropolitan demonstrations, and then to have asked for the estimated amount, and also for a contingent vote for certain amounts apportioned to the localities proposed to be visited by the Prince. T-ien the metropolitan Committee would have known what was to be the limit of its ex penditure ; and the country places pro posed to be visited would also have had some guide as to the extent to which they would have been assisted. Whereas here we have a distinct promise given to a deputation by the Chief Secretary; a rati fication of that promise three weeks later; and an almost absolute withdrawal of it at the expiration of another forty-eight hours. The result of this decision will be that any formal reception at Kapunda will be left to the Municipal Council, which has no funds available for the purpose ; but the loyalty of the people will ensure to the Duke a most enthusiastic welcome, though any great display will now be impossible; and perhaps it is better so, for any colonial demonstrations in the way of processions, decorations, &e.;, must look very meagre to a Prince who has so lately left Paris, which at that time was wearing its gayest aspect; but still that does not exonerate the Government from blame for first pro mising us a grant for the reception, and then when preparations have been com menced withdrawing that promise. THE fifth of the series of Sixpenny Readings in connection with the Kapundi Insti tute was held at Mr Crase's Room on Friday evening last, and the attendance was again very large, the proceeds amounting to over £10. We hardly think that the proceedings were quite up to the usual standard, although every one ap peared well pleased. The chair was-owing to the late arrival of Mr Browne, S.M.-taken by Mr Garsed, one of the Vice-presidents, who re marked that the readings were evidently very popular in Kapunda, as indeed they were usually fouud to b<? wherever they were tried-wnether in their own or the sister colonies, or in the mother country. He believed that these readings not only created amusement, but that they did actual good ; although he was sorry to say some of his townsmen, he heard, held a contrary opinion. The readings alBO answered one great purpose for which they were intended-namely, th* raising of funds; and ere long he hoped they would be able to erect a new and suitable Insti tute building. He then called on the members of the Mine Band to open the proceedings, which they did by playing a very nice piece of music, at the close of which some very nice lines on Charity were effactively read by Mr Lewis, J. P. The next piece on the programme was a novelty ill its way-viz., a set of quadrilles played on the piano by Miss Annie Batten, a young lady of between seven and eight years of age, who ac quitted herself remarkably well, and was de servedly applauded. " The Bashful Mao" was the next in order, but the intended reciter was so bashful that he could not be found; and Mr Bailte kindly supplied bis place with a read ing from Artemus Ward, descriptive of Mr Horace Gre-ly's somewhat animated ride to Placeville, the comical incidents in which were hailed with roars of laughter. Mr Fischer, of Tanunda, then sang very sweetly that pretty ballad " My Pretty Jane," accompanying himself on the piano. At this stage of the proceedings the Chairman stated that a telegram from Mr Coglin had just been put into his hands, in the contents of which all present were warmly inte- j rested; it was to the effect that the vote of £750 for the Kapunda Institute had that day been agreed to. (Loud cheers and continued applause.) The Chairman then went on to speak of the manner in which that money was proposed to be expended, and of the useful purposes to which a properly-constructed building might be put, in the shape of rooms for class s, &c.; He then { called on Mr Inglis, whose reading of the '. Vulgar Little Boy," from the Ingoldsby Legends, was well received, and was followed by an original song by Mr M. P. Batten, Mr Fischer presiding at the piano. This song was really a pretty one, and was nit only warmly applauded but also encored. This was followed by a reading by Mr James KUiott from Frank Fairleigh concerning the curfew bell, which was favourably received. The Mine Band again contributed their share to the amusements of the eveniug, after which there was a short interval, i hree of the mem bers of the Welsh choir present kindly con sented to sing a glee, which being very nicely rendered was encored, when they substituted " Dame Durden had Three Milking Maid-," which elicited roars of laughter during its pro gress, and at its close the cheering was most vociferous. In compliance with the demand of the audience the performers once again came forward, and in response to calls from many parts of the audience gave a Welsh glee, " The Goat," which is of a most comical nature, causing s'ill greater merriment-ar.d at its close the cheering was excessive. Mr Potter then came forward to give a reading from the Lady of the Lak ?, selecting that portion descriptive of the interview of Fitz James and Roderick Dhu; but owing partly to Mr Potter's being nearsighted-the lights not being all that could have been wished -and to his reading much tou slow, this did not meet with quite so favourable a reception as the subject deserved. Mr Fischer then sang "The Death of Nelson " ia beautiful style, which beiug encored, Mr Fischer played the Carnival of Venice, with a piccolo accompaniment-the wind instrument beiug most artisticaLy represented by the performer's whistling capabilities, which are first-class; in ninny parts of the piece the accompaniment was like so much bird music. Mr Pitcher was next called on, and read in a very telling style Tom Hood's "Ode to his Youug Son," which caused a considerable degree of laughter. Mr Jenkin Coles then read an extract from Charles O'.via ley, descriptive of Mike I Freiz's paternal ancestor's a 1 ventures with the ghost of Father Maguire on the occasion of his reverence's funeral, which also had the effect of exercising to the utmost the risible faculties of i the audience. Messrs. Fischer and Weiuhert then sang very nicely a German duet, which being encored was followed by another, without accompaniment. This having brought the per formance to a close, Mr Ltston moved a vote or thanks to alt who had taken a share in contribu ting to the amusement of the evening, particu larly the gentlemen from Tanunda, and their Weigh friends. This and ft vote of thanks to Mr Cra«e for the use of the room were carried by acclamation, and the Mine Band having played the National Anthem, the company diapered. VVE have before us the first number of the Southum (Jross, a new paper to be published monthly, as the organ of the Koman Catholic portion of our community. It 18 very neatly got up, and contains much intelligence which must be peculiarly interesting to those for whom it is intended. W«; are glad to see this paper established, the more especially its conductors disclaim any intention of making it a m^ang of strife or division politically-whilst at the same time they shall feel bound to protest against the present i-ducational Act, which they conceive bears unjustly on the Roman Catholics of the colony -it being their intention to aim at ttw same decree of popularity as that attained t»y Bishop Murphy, " the secret of whose popu larity lay in the fact that be was am in of p-ac one who, whilst he did his work faithfully and well, yet never wantonly gave pain to those who differed from him." ON Monday evening*, a large number of Sunday school children of different denomina tions, met in the Wesleyan Chapel, for the purp me of practising singing the National Anthem, which it is intended shall be sung b/ the children en masse on the occasion of the Duke of Edinburgh's visit to this township. The children present acquitted themselves very weli. 1'kb case of Farrar and another v. James White, was heard in tlie Supreuja Court ou Tuesd-iv last, when a verdict was given for th » plaintiff with £285 dama/es; but we understand that the counsel for the defence tendered a bill of exceptions to the Julg^'s /-ding. THE weather in the Kapunda district during the present week has been anything but I favourable for the farmers, owing to fne extreme I coldness of the temperature, and the heavy rains which have fallen. If the weather was warmer the superabundant fall of rain would not be of so much consequence, although many of our farmers are beginning to complain that they caa have too much even of a good tbinsr; but accom panied as it is by extreme cold, it effectually pun a 8top for the time being to anything like growth on the part of the crops. Mr Darwin h^s kindly furnished us with the following statement of thd rainfall registered in Kapunda on the morning of each of the days named:-On the 24th Sep tember, 0*87; 25th, 0-07; 26th, 0*13; 27th, 1*01; or a total of 2 08 inches in four days. The inclement state of the weather has also bad a very dismal effect on the trade of tbe town; indeed we do not remember ever to have seen the streets of Kapunda present so deserted an aspect as they have done during the past few days-all business being at an absolute stand still. WE notice, amongst other arrangements reported to ha*e been made in respect to the approaching visit of H.R.H Prince Alfred, that the telegraph station masters are to be com municated with at intervals on such Sundays as may intervene before his arrival as to whether the Galatea has been sighted or not. We think this Sunday labour might be dispensed with. Surely the intimation at 6 o'clock a.m. on Mon day would be sufficiently early to let the tidings be known, without unnecessarily interfering with the day of rest. In another portion of our paper we publish condensed reports of meetings held at River ton on Monday last, on Railway Extension and the Land System. There was also a meet ing on Pastoral Concessions, our brief report of which we are compelled to hold over. AT thr! Court of Full Jurisdiction held in Kapunda yesterday, there was a tolerably long list of defended causes; but several of these were speedily disposed of by adjournment, including Wiltshire v. Ford, O'Meaily r. Roun 8evell, and Lofti"kr v. Mc Ellis ter-whilst the case of Tranter v. McCormack was withdrawn. The remaining cases were Tremaine v. Wiltshire, which was an action for rent (resulting in favour of the plaintiff), and W. Rowett v. J. Roberts, in which the defendant was sued as an endorser of a promissory note held by the plaintiff. In this case the plaintiff was nonsuited. The very wet weather we have had of late has had a most unpleasant effect on the footpaths of the totrn, and it is now a matter of . considerable difficulty to traverse some portions of the footpath* of the Main-street, let alone those of the bye-streets. A few loads of gravel would make many of these passable, and we should like to see some steps taken to contribute to the comfort of pedestrians. 