THE STRONG BOX. A TALE OF THE GOODWIN SANDS. AMONG the numerous interesting anecdotes with which the memory of a late friend was stored, and which he used to relate, was the following tragical story. The names of the parties have escaped my recollection, but even if I knew them I should be inclined to suppress them. I therefore feign the names of Dono- van and Matilda. This couple had long been tenderly attached to each other, and the day of their marriage, though somewhat distant, was fixed, and many little preparations were made for it, when the news of the death of Donovan's uncle, in one of our West India Islands, reached them in Ireland, of which country they were both natives, together with infor- mation that made the lover's presence at the plantations, which now devolved to him, a matter of urgent and imperative necessity. A separation at such a moment could not be otherwise than very painful, but the mourn- ing, the decent respect to the memory of Donovan's deceased relative and benefactor, and other circumstances, opposed the imme- diate celebration of their nuptials, which the lover, in the ardour of his affection, proposed, in order that he might take his bride with him to the West Indies, where he would be obliged to reside for some years. After many struggles both on the part of Matilda and Donovan, it was at length agreed that he should not lose the opportunity, but take his passage immediately in a ship in the Cove of Cork, bound for the place of his destination, and just ready to sail ; that on his safe arrival, for which fervent prayers were offered up to heaven, he should write to his affianced, who would then, with her mother, her only surviving parent, embark to join him by the very first conveyance that offered. When they had brought their minds to bear this determination, which was not done without sighs, and tears, and apprehensions that, thus separated, they should never meet again, they clearly saw sundry advantages that would result from it. Donovan, for example, by arriving two or three months (they made the time as short as they could) before Matilda, would have time to prepare a resi- dence for her, and do many things there to contribute to her comfort when she came; and then he could ascertain and inform her in his letters what household and other articles were most wanting, all of which she could purchase as her own taste directed, and bring out with her. They talked and dwelt on these trifling ad- vantages, as people will do who have deter- mined to make a great and painful sacrifice, and have only one mean consolation to grasp at. They talked to keep up their courage; but when the moment of departure arrived, the utter insignificance of such things, and even of the usuages of society, struck Dono- van, he again urged that they should be in- stantly married, and that his bride should go whither he went. Had it not been for the mother, whose notions of propriety and of respect to the dead were very strict, it is almost certain the lover would have prevailed with his weeping mistress. The worthy matron made use of all the arguments and eloquence she could command. ' Three months,' she said, 'would soon pass, nor was it a longer term than that which had already been fixed for their union.' ' That is very true dear mother,' replied Donovan, 'but under that arrangement I should have seen Matilda every day, and not have been separated from her by thousands of miles of ocean. Let it be as I wish—pray let it be as I wish—for there is something says to my heart and brain that if it be not so, Matilda and I shall never meet again in this world ?' 'Oh, Donovan ! why this cruelty ?' said Matilda, almost shrieking. ' I have obeyed my mother, and must do so still. Why say we shall not meet again ?' The widow continued her expostulations; Donovan could not deny that they were rea- sonable, and his own fears, in the natural course of things, unfounded ; that it was un- manly and cruel to Matilda to allow them to gain mastery over him ; and, in fine, it was once more decided that the former arrange- ments should subsist. An hour after this converstion, Donovan was on the Cove of Cork, accompanied by the now tranquilized Matilda and her mother, who had willingly agreed to lengthen their parting moments, and see him sail. When they reached the place of embarkation, the gallant ship had already weighed anchor, and with a few sails shaken out, was standing to, only waiting for her tardy passenger. Donovan's voice faltered as he ordered a shore-boat, but he was understood, and promptly obeyed. The boat was at the quay, the mariner's hands were on the oars, his sea clock was spread on the stern seat, by which was a man with an outstreched arm to aid him to embark — "Now the last farewell, and the long good hour !" Matilda bore this last scene as it must always be borne by the young and tender- hearted. She stood as though she had been rooted to the spot like one of the surrounding rocks, until she saw her lover gain the ship, and ascend its deck; she waited even until the parting-gun was fired, and nearly every sail spread to catch the evening breeze, and then she turned from the shore, unable to join her mother in the waving of the hand- kerchief, or to keep in the sight of the rapid rate at which the West Indiaman was bound- ing from the fair shores of Cork. 'There goes as fast a clipper, and as stout a ship, and as steady a crew, as ever crossed the blue water !' said a sailor among the group, which, as usual, was gathered on the beach to witness the departure. These were words of comfort to Matilda ! She would have asked the man if he spoke from real knowledge, but she could not speak; and putting some pieces of silver into his hand, she drew her veil close to conceal her tears, and hurried to the house where lodgings were prepared for her and her mother, without once turning her head in the direction of the ship. When they had taken possession of the rooms, the good widow sat down at a window which commanded a view of the sea, and watched the rapidly-receding vessel, until it appeared no larger than a curlew on the waters, and then was entirely concealed by the closing darkness of night. ' How fast it sails,' she then said; ' it is already out of sight !' ' May heaven speed him !' said Matilda, who had never moved from her chair at the further end of the apartment, and who was still engaged in fruitless efforts to restrain her tears. A few days, however, brought composure and fervent hope; and then Matilda found relieving and even delightful occupation in executing a variety of little commissions with which Donovan had charged her. The winds and the weather, so attentively, but uselessly, observed by such as have a dear friend on a voyage (for the calm of one latitude may be a tempest in another), seemed favourable and smiling—the newspapers, now read with daily solicitude, presented no melancholy column of accidents and losses at sea ; after some weeks, in Lloyd's List, was mentioned the arrival of a vessel which had spoken to the ' Rapid,' the ship that bore Donovan, in such a lattitude, and 'all well ;' and then, in due time, came that climax of happiness, a long, fond letter from her lover. He had arrived safe, after a short and pleasant voyage, found his wealth greater, and the place pleasanter, than he expected ; and doubted not that with Matilda for his com- panion, and a temperate judicious mode of living, to which too many of the Europeans there were strangers, they would both escape the bad influences of the climate, and live comfortably until they could return advan- tageously, to their own home. He described the magnificent vegetation ; the brilliancy of the atmosphere of that tropical climate ; and, as a lover, he could not forget to mention that he could read the small print pocket edition of Shakspere, her gift, by moonlight, and that the planet Venus there, like a small moon, beamed with such effulgence, that it cast a shade from ' tower and tree,' and every object that intercepted its rays. He spoke of the shady, green savannahs, of the groves of oranges, lemons, limes, pome- granates, and pimentos—of the clusters of cocoa-nut trees—of his cool retreat, high up a mountain's side where his house was shaded by stately cedars, and alternately ventilated by the land and sea-breeze. All this and much more he said, to encourage his gentle bride, who, he knew, had already heard too much, from consoling friends, about the in- salubrity and miseries of the West Indies. But Matilda needed not this encouragement; her heart was with Donovan, it was nothing for her body to follow, even had he been in a place as fatal as Sierra Leone; and by far a more interesting paragraph of his letter was that where he named the proper ship for her to embark in, and told her that, in all proba- bility, it would be nearly ready to sail by the time she would now receive his news. In a very few days after the receipt of this letter, Matilda and her mother, arrived safely at Milford Haven, on their way to London, whence the West Indiaman was to sail. When they reached the metropolis, they found the ship would not be ready for a week, but Matilda wrote a cheerful and affectionate let- ter to Donovan, informing him of her move- ments, which was despatched by a packet to the Leeward Islands, and then they made a pleasant and profitable use of their time in completing their purchases at the great mart of the world. At length the day of sailing arrived. The ship had dropped down the river to Graves- end, at which pleasant spot the ladies em- barked on an unusually fine morning early in spring. But alas ! the close of that day was far different from its gay beginning ; its sun set on a gathering tempest, which soon raged with terrific and increasing violence. In the middle of the night a ship was seen from the South Foreland in great distress, and in a most perilous situation, for she was fast drifting on the Goodwin Sands, that spot so dreaded by mariners. For some time the flashes of her guns, fired to call aid from the shore, were seen at intervals ; but this awful appeal seemed to be made in vain, as the sea was so tremendous that the boldest would not venture to launch a boat upon it. At length the firing ceased, after a dense fog had concealed the unfortunate vessel. Daylight the next morning was scarcely daylight, for the fog with the storm still continued. About noon, however, the vio- lence of the tempest abated, a change of wind blew the opaque vapours away from the bosom of the deep, and then some fragments of a wreck, and nothing more were sceen scattered upon the very worst part of the Goodwin Sands. Soon after this, three or four boats put off to the spot, and to the surprise of their crews they found a little boy alive, and clinging to an empty water cask, round which he had fastened a rope. He was the only survivor of all that were in the ship, and that the ship which should have carried Matilda and her mother to Donovan. The poor fellow was almost exhausted when picked up, and so stupified with what he had undergone, and his sudden deliverance from the jaws of death, that for a long time could make no intelligible replies to the questions put to him. When however, he was carried on shore, and restored by food and warmth he talked sensibly enough about the wreck of the ship, and divulged a most attrocious crime. Ac- cording to his account, a strong boat under sail, had put off to the vessel on hearing her signals of distress, and had reached her in time to have taken on board all her crew. But when two ladies, with a female servant, who were to be the first to leave the ruined ship, handed a strong box, which he supposed to contain plate, and jewels, and money (for it was very heavy), to the men in the boat, they immediately cast off the ropes that held the boat near the gangway of the vessel, and stood away before the wind. In vain the Captain called after the villians that he would give them twice the value of the prize they had so iniquitously made —in vain the poor seamen shouted that they were not English- men or sailors if they thus left so many of their brethren to perish—the ladies shrieked and prayed in vain that the monsters would return, ' although,' said the boy, ' one of them was so beautiful that she would have moved stocks and stones !' There was now no hope of escape. The ship's boats had been washed away or stove in, and none but boats of a peculiar construc- tion could possibly weather such a storm. A very short time after the flight of the shore boat, the West Indiaman went to pieces, and the crew and passengers perished. When further questioned, the boy said that he saw only two men in the boat ; that he should not be able to recognise them, but that he knew by her build that the boat was one of those deal boats which have long been cele- brated for their ability of living in the rough- est seas. This was no very direct clue to the mys- tery, and yet it might have led to a discovery had the information been carried to proper quarters, but such a proceeding was never thought of, and, after a few days, the poor boy engaged with the Captain of another ship, and went to a distant part of the world. A sudden improvement in the circum- stances of two men, a father and son, who lived on the coast near the South Foreland, and who had always borne the character of daring but ferocious seamen, soon excited the suspicions of those who had heard the boy's story ; but these were never divulged further than by hints and shrugs among themselves, and by ironical wishes that 'old Jack Dare- devil and the chip of the old block, his son, had honestly come by the rhino of which they seemed so flush.' The fate of these two men soon put the discovery of whether the suspicions were well founded or not beyond the reach of mortals. They were tempted to employ the money they possessed in profitable but dangerous smug- gling speculations, and both fell in a desperate fight with the officers of the revenue, at a little cove on the coast, within sight of the Goodwin Sands. About twelve months after the loss of the West Indiaman, a gentleman in deep mourn- ing, and apparently in the last stage of a mor- tal disease, arrived at a lonely house on the Kentish coast, which had been taken and furnished for him. The front of the house looked towards the Sands, to which place he went the very day of his arrival, and made many particular inquiries of the sailors who manned the little sloop he had engaged for the occasion, as to the precise spot where the West Indiaman had been lost. The men gave what information they could, and, thinking he lamented the loss of some near relative, respected his silent grief. The gossips in the neighbourhood, who had heard something of the lady passengers who had been lost the year before, made out the stranger's story in their own way, which, for once, happened to be the right one. Their sympathies were thus engaged, and, as time went on, they frequently say what a melan- choly sight it was to see the poor gentleman in black sitting day after day, from morning till night, gazing over the sea to the Sands, and looking every day more and more like a ghost. One day he was missed at the window. He was dead. A faithful black servant, his only attendant, who had always been as silent as his master, holding communion with none of the neighbourhood, ordered the funeral; and when the day of interment arrived, stated that the body must not be buried in the churchyard, but in the Goodwin Sands. It had been the gentleman's determination for many months that so his remains should be dispoted of, and the last words he uttered, as the soul was flitting from the body, were 'Goodwin Sands.' Some thought it sinful that a Christian should be buried in the salt seas, and without a clergyman to read the funeral service over him; but an old man-of-war's-man volunteered to perform the sad duty as he had often seen it performed on the great deep, where the sailor's hammock is his shroud and coffin, and the prayers of one of his comrades are often his only requiem. The same little sloop that had conveyed the sorrowing living man, now carried his im- passive remains to the spot were the West Indiaman was lost. When the weeping ser- vant removed the plain pall of black cloth from the coffin the sailors read the simple inscription :— HENRY DONOVAN AGED 25. The men then lowered the coffin into the sea, and, heavily loaded with lead as it was it rapidly sank, and bedded itself deep in the Goodwin Sands, at, or very near, the spot where Matilda perished. A Disgraceful scene lately occurred in a country church in Connecticut, where the or- ganist is in the habit of playing while the congregation are being seated. On Sunday last he, as usual, gave several selections, one of which, being more lively than the good people of that said old town were used to, created quite a commotion. Finally, an old gentleman, who could stand it no longer, opened his pew door and stepped out into the broad aisle, and commenced a regular 'double shuffle,' much to the amusement of all. After he had finished he said he thought it was proper to go through the whole figure,—as we had the music, why not have the dance?— Cincinatti paper. Holloway's Pills -Indigestion, Stomach, and Liver Complaints.-Persons suffering from any derangement of the liver, stomach, or the organs of digestion, should have recourse to Holloway's Pills, as there is no medicine known that acts on these particular complaints with such certain success. They strengthen the tone of the stomach, increase the appetite, purify the blood, and correct depraved secretions. In bowel complaints they remove their primary cause and soon restore the patient to sound health. Nervous or sick headaches, and depression of spirits, may be speedily relieved by a course of these Pills. They are composed of rare balsams, without the admixture of a grain of mercury, or any noxious substance, and are as safe as they are efficacious. 