EPISOPE IN TUli LIFE OF MISS TAB1THA TREXOODLE. I live out of the world, down in Cornwall ; but my house is in a cheerful spot, the sea is on one side of it, and the English Channel it on the other ; and lieliind is an old mine, with a gnod many worked-out shafts. 1 am not with out neighhours : there's a light-house on the sea-side, which can Ije reached in fine weather, and on the Channel side there's au island with . n/MikfmiarH Htation on it. whereon remit!** tliron men and a boy ; there are also a fe«- fishermen »nd their families— capital |.eo|de— and the par «on and his wife. You perceive, therefore, 1 am very agreeably situated with regard to the lo cality and neighbours, for there is no necessity for mo to go gaddiug abuut for a, change. ! However, wuen a cousin asked me into Devon |*bire for n week, I resulved to oblige her, since S*he v as so very pressing. i' I started in a 'Hittcreen,' (a covered cart or Iran) and after a goodi6h drive readied the rail, ibr which I made my way to Saltasb— a little Mown where the women row about in boats pBtrouger than men, and the streets are so steep tyou want to run down by your»elf , like a wheel Ibarrovr. f My cousin lives up a little creek— lakes they ixte called here — on the Devonsliire aide of the [Tamar, and of course I thought the right way to tget to it was to walk across the bridge. But, I Bleis you, no I The very first »tep 1 take, a I man starts up and sayB, ' Ma'am, you can't go Hhis way.' I 'What! isn't a bridge made to be walked lover?' I asked. I ?? This bridge isn't ma'am ; it's made only for title trains.' I ' ' That't a mighty sensible arrangement, [young nun,' I answer, as provoked as an owl Hn daylight. ' Here's a bridge joiuing two toountiea, and a side-walk no consequence to di fcectors,jwitb. company's money like dirt. And Bret respectable people are to drown, or stay in jCornwall for ever. Dear me S' I said, working Bnyself up a bit, ' any one would think that a fcornulimau was to have bis bead cut off, if Hie went into Devonshire, Justus ho had in King fegbert'»d»y«.' I 'Not at all, ma'am,' says the man, quite isivil. 'You might have passed over in the train Iks safe as the Queen herself.' W 'I must have «-one to Devonport, then,' I Knswered, cooling down, 'and that would me six milei out of my way. I am going to Kavytree.' t ' There's no conveyance to be had here, ?na'am ; you had better have gone to Dcvon fcort, and taken a fly.' ? ?' Tavytree is only two miles from this; I Ban walk that distance, and save my shillings. Duly I must cross the river first,' I said, as ?woet as I could speak: ' I'm sure you'll have Ko objection to let me over the bridge. You Bon't wish to tee a lady drown herself, I sup Ewe?' ?3 'I hope not, ma'am. But as for the bridge, ma'am, it's unjiossible, and more'n my place is Worth, A boat will lake you over for a shil ling ; or if you wait for the steam ferry- boat, Which crosses every half-hour, you can goby ?tat for £ penny. It's because of the ferry, Bfa'am, we are bound to let no passengers cross ?be bridge. Special clause in the Act ; to pro ?sct the interest of ferry people.' H' Since that's the case,' said I, highly indfg ?tot, 'that ferry shall never see a penny of Bne ai long as there's a bucketful of sea round ?je Land's End.' HpDpon which, wuhing the young man good ?faning, I walked down to the rivers edge, and Hied for a boat. 'It's very muddy walking ?she lanes, ma'am, after you have crossed, ?fa the boatman, 'leave alone it's being very ?Besomeforahunprotectedlady. .I'll take yon Hbt up to Tavytreo quay for eighteenpence, ^K'jun, and nothing to fear, with a man with ?keJlthe way, ma'am.' . ' . ?W Ah, well!' I thought to myself, 'there's Hpung like having a man. with tone, after all. ?Lolose with this proposition.' ^BVe started immediately. ' I was quite calm ?m tranquil, having a man with, me ; and I Bit say, while we kept to the Tamar, I had a ?Mutifui time. The 'water was smooth, as crys ?M;i aud though the night wasjiark, yet since Be was nothing to be Afraid of — no steamers ^Bating about, or lazy. barges rolling along like ^?noises in liquor— dark or light mattered but ^K. But when we turned into Tavytree lake, ?bibeing much narrower than the Tamar, and K- tanks very high and wooded, I certainly Kt'wish the days were a bit longer— «r even a ^Bern would have been cheerful ?KTavytree lake has got * very cranky chan B' 1 said to the man.- 'I suppose you know BfcettyweU?'. : B&1 All right, ma'am,' says the man. And he Bred on without another word. B* Don't fidget,'' is my motto. ' If you are Bjer a man's care, leave him alone ; dou't pull Brians out of his hand, and pretend you can Bfc better than he, because; the -chances an Brloan't. Acting up to my : motto, I didn't Bbose'ihat I could row, or understand the BJt better than the boatman. It wm darker BK'I liked ;' but lie said .nothing, and I said Bfcng, till at last the boat bumped a bit, and BEetopped. ' ' ':\: r'i ' ?'': BfWby don't you go on 1' I inquired, very ^En Jbenwd, ma'am {, and -the tide ia run ^Ki^KtmtSnlfart, it inay take the boat BK it, 'I remarked...; , ?;?? ??; ?? Btt&ore; likely to leave her nigh and dry, BKb; nnlessrcah j-ushh«iofC - BBEhen push her off, by all means. ' . ??wing a man with me, of .course I did not BBui the least alarmed ; but I was icertainly Bflb shocked, when he divested himself of BBwid stockings right before my eyes, then BBjered bver the side W the boat anddisap BKibodily.- I screamed. . ? ??? ; BK harm Bone, .ma'am j the water is . rather BKfhis side, that's all. I'll find' the channel, BBet the boat in it in a, jiffy.' . ? : BBthe went, taking soundings on his -way BBapole. ; ' : ' '. '. ' ; BMwasso:dflrkby this time, that he had not B^p three eteps before he became invisible. ^Bnt I heard a good deal bf floundering, but BK that died :*w*y, in the distance, and. all ?^Kniet. fifteen minutes went by, and the ^^Kgot rather one-sided, ?with, a queer incli BK!tb tup ovenUStul 1 was placid } noHiing ^^Ko wrong when an unprotected female has ^Hp to take «are pf her. Nevertheless, when ^^Bn-hour slipped on, aud there was not a ^^Htb break the vtiUness, and no eigns of the ^^^a grew nervous. ^^^Kmay be pleasant to have a onan with one, ^^^?ontknow that ifs pleasant to have a ^^^^^Bftd manj' I baid ,to myself : ** especially ^^Hudrowned man goes 'bobbing around' ai BBJ-rhile I sit in this boat Of course I ^^HKt here all night, if he doesn't return.' ^^Bft the morning, when his corpse goes ^^Hg by, I shall 3-ave to oatoh it, and tie a, ^^Bio l^ and tow it home to his wife. That's B^Kjenoughj but how do I know that I Bj» accused of killing him? Who is to ^El didn't I I can't be a witness for my ^^HX know exactly how the newspaper will ^^Kecase: 'A weak man, lame -rf one foot, ^^Bp&\- depart in the darkness, with a mus ^^^Bknd bony female ' — T am bony, I don't ^^B» — 'and this man is never seen again ^^Kl Bqt in the morning the audacious mnr ^^B returns to Saltash, towing the body of ^^BMim, attached by her scan and pocket ^^^Brchief to the boat, aod tells theinere ^^HUe that the man has drowned himself . ^^Mory is, tiiat he deliberately flung himself ^^H£he boat, and went on foot through the ^^Kand she affirms she never saw him again ^^B dead face bobbed up before her eyes, at ^^Bbis morning. We leave this incredible ^^Bent to the comments of our readers. For B^Wes, we assert that no man would quit a BHfc teolk up a river, and no lady, worthy of BB^ie, .would remain in an open boat all BBii No 1 Uiia female ruffian has murdered BHmot, ' lame, lumnlMM man ; and, in the BE Man, we demand Justice 1' ' BBC.was the sort of paragraph that would B^E and I felt myself get damp as I thought B^Kbis instant a faint voice reached me, B^Biy developing into frantic cries of — B»] hoy ! boat there !' B^Btthere 1' t said to myself. ' Of course B^Bt is here j and it's tipping over more ' Bunt I Hoy, ma'am '. Boat '.' H was ini])ohsiblc for me to condescend to make any reply to this nonsense. But the crioB only grew more frantic from my silence. '? U.-:it ! hoy ?. Holler, ma'am ! lmUer !' 'JIoIIom !' 1 observed. 'It's my private opinion the boat won't be hollow much longer for if she tips a little more she'll till.' 'Holler, ma'am! I can't see nothing! I can't liiul the bnat ! Holler, for niarcy's sake!' O, 1 understand the matter uuw ! The poor man had lost the boat in the darkness, and had been wading and floundering up and down the river all this time in search of it. Of course I 'hollered' immediately, only I didn't quite know how to do it 'Ah! Ah! Ah! 0!' I said, very oen teelly. 'Holler, ma'am ! holler 1 I'm getting the cramp.' Upon this 1 stood up— the boat tipped dread fully — and cried out, more genteelly, '0 ! 0 1 0 ! Ah .'' . 'Boat there! I'm moat done ! Holler! or can't you show something white ?' Good heavens ! show something white ! Wai the horrid man ma'i? Ah, I would wave my handkerchief. ' This was getting exciting and romantic. 1 would do a noble deed ; I would wave my handkerchief, and save the man's life. I waved it. A great Bplash — a floundering — a gasp — a bubbling — then a choked voice, desperate : ' Boat, boat I Holler I — for life's sake, holler !' I dropped my handkerchief, I dropped my gentility, and I 'hollered,' ay, and like a boatswain, too, I did more. I showed something white. The man's life was at stake, and mine— for if he drowned I should hang. My petticoat was of dimity, ironed and starched that morning ; it glistened, it gleamed like a beacon ; tho drown ing man saw it — lie ^liad not the least idea in the world what it was— aud made for the boat. When he reached it, gasping and trembling, I was a modest mass of dark drapery- not a ray of white about me. And he positively was Ml grateful ; but then I confess he asked no questions. Thus do woman's noblest sacrifices ever remain unseen, unappreciated by man ! Unconscious of my devoted act, this man sat down, wet as a shag, and blowing like a por poise ; not uttering a word of thanks. Tt'» first sentence was even a reproach : ' Why didn't you holler before, ma'am? I've come near bein1 drowned. ' 'My good man, I did holla,' I answered, with dignified calm. 'Now, why don't you get the boat off at once ?' ' Because I can't, ma'am. And if I could, there's no water to float her higher up ' 'The fact is, you don't know the channel,' 1 said, severely. ' Couldn't find it in the dark, ma'am, And if I could, one man's strength wouldn't shove the boat into it off this mud.' ' Then what's to be done?' t asked with a little scream, as the boat went right over on her side, nearly tilting me into the man's lap. 'We can't do nothing but sit here till five o'clock to-morrow morning; by that time I reckon the tide '11 get her off.' ' What I — sit here in this stick-in-the-mud boat all night with you!' I shrieked— ' that's impossible. ' Uood gracious, I thought, here's a position for an unprotected female 1 Sitting up till five in the morning, in pitch darkness, up a lonely creek, with a boatman 1 0, this is nice, this is respectable ! — this is having a man to take care of one, this is 1 I had better have let the crea ture drown himself. 'If you won't sit here till high tide, what'll you do, ma'am ?' said the man. 'What will I do? I'll wade the river, 1 answered. ' You will, ma'am 1' he cried. ' Well, I must say you are a plucky one.' He bent forwards towards towards me, and shouk the wet off himself upon my tea-green silk. I held myself very stiff, in order to let him see that I wanted no admiration. . ' Now, ray good man,' I said, 'let us start.' at the same time I prepared myself to show boldly my white dimity, my scarlet stockings, and balmoral boots. ' La bless you, ma'am, you can't wade yet ; you must wait a hour at least ; the tidt isn't low enough, you'd be drowned now.' ' Very. well, I'll wait an hour.' I said this with the composure of a martyr. The boat was very much on one side. I sat on the high or tilted side ; the man moved over to the same bench. I pretended not to see him ; this appeared to me the most proper mode of noticing his conduct. 'Beg pardon for sitting so near you, ma'am, but I'm feared she'll go quite over if I stays t'other side. Don't want to capsize her, you see.' ' Sit where you please,' I responded. After this there was a dignified silence of ten minutes ; then I knew by the sprinkles that reached me the man was getting ndgety, aud shaking out his cvrments as it were to the night. 'If you please, ma'am, may I ax—1' I coughed as loud aa I could to discourage him— 'ax a favour of your' . 'My good man, this is really not a time—' ' Seems to me, ma'am,, 'tis the very time : 'tis uncommon lonesame and dark here, and I'm as cold as a lump of ice 'most. 'Twouli warm me a bit, if you didn't mind it, ma'am.' 'WhydidlhollalTaaidtoroyself. 'Wby didn't I let this man drown? f should feel more comfortable if he was a «orpse tied on to the Btern than I do now.' ' Please, ma'am, 1 wouldn't as if I hadn't got the shivers.' '.And- some, ladies don't objeck — leastways my wife never does.' ' Perhaps not,'' I said drily. I really could not tell how-to keep up a conversation with this man. . . . ''.And it's a very email pipe, ma'am, and good bakker — and I'll sit as far off as I can without capsizing the boat, ma'am.' 'There, there,' I answered, 'not a word more; smoke if you like.' He smoked; and by the light of the glowing weed I saw his eye fixed on me with a droll ex pression. Was be wondering where 1 kept my i-urse? was be thinking how easy it would be — No, this was not a land of thieves «nd sharjiera ; I would banish ench London fancies from my mind. . ( He finished his pipe, knocked the ashes out, put it in his pocket then jumped over the side of the boat This time be returned in a few. minutes. ? '? , 'I think the water is low enough now, ma'am ; I've sounded it all along to (be bank. If you are real serious about wading, I believe you can go nafe.' - ? I looked iuto the river, running on in black darkness, and I felt a little bit of a shiver. Not that 1 was afraid. O dear, no 1 . ' Most I really either wade or nt here till five o'clock ?' I asked. . 'Wby, you see, ma'am, the tide has been running down three hours ; if 11 be on the turn about half arter one, and I reckon there won't ba water enough iu this here creek till nigh upon five—' 'Enongh; I'll go.' I tacked up my tea-green silk, I tied my shawl tightly around me, I put one foot out side the boat. ' 'Tis a pewer pity,' said the man ; ' them nice bouts— and knee-deep the mud is quite. 1 ar'n't so wet as 1 was, ma'am ; and if you don't mind my back being in a way moist, and if you put both arms round my neck tight, and hold on hard, I think I.cunld do it' I looked up the river and down — all was dhrkuees ; a glimmer of starlight on the water but making us dimly visible t-! each other — of course it was ridiculous and horrid — of course if it were daylight it would be impossible ; but in this pitch darkness, aud the respectable Mrs. Grundy slumbering far away, and the river so muddy and cold, and all my things would be spoiled- mightn't I act like a sensible woman and — I put my arms around the man's neck. 'I am not very heavy, and you'll promise to be careful,' 1 said. ' I'll be as kearful as though you was a babby.' We started— I, Tabitha Trenoodle, with my arms round a man's neck for the first time in my life. And 1 mast confess I could not con sider the thing in itself at all pleasant My hands were clasped beneath his dun, and I felt it would be more convenient if my feet could be there t«o, for my boots dangled iu a re markably unpleasant way, and shrinking tin m ii|- from contact with the river gave me the cramp. Fur a fen- paces all went well, then I fi'lt a sudden giving way of my supporter on one tide, and my right etockiiig went into the water. ' You ar'n't clinging harf tight, ma'am. Hold me ronud the neck close as chokes, ploase.' Was I come to this? Well ! after all, I am not a Mrs. Squeamish, and it's useless to fidget. I held him tighter. But now there was a giving way on the othtr side, and my left stocking went into the river. Another moment there was a giving way altogether; but feeling the cat»stro|ibe comiug, I sprang off my pillar of support on to a mud-bauk, just as be himself disappeared bodily down a hole. Tile water wat nearly to hie neck ; hut with my help he scrambled ont, and stood by my side dripping. 'I missed my soundings then,' he said. 'Do you think you could manage to hold on again, ma'am 5' he added, presenting his back again with great |X-liteness. ' No, boatman, 1 could not. I'll trust to my own feet this time.' The poor man was profuse in Borrow ; but be was lame, and he bad . staggered painfully be neath my weight. I felt it would be cruelty to auinials to put such a load on him again. And besides I couldn't be much muddier than I was. Thus thinking, I stepped boldly into the river, following my conductor, who, taking soundings and warning me of danger, walked before. We crossed safely. By the bye, did Julius Cassar wade tho Rubicon ? If lie did, I admire him ; but if he went iu a boat I really dou't see why his boastful exclamation of having passed the llubicnn should come down to pos terity with so much fuss. Wei), we were on the Tavytree side, landed safely among the rushes ; but 0, the pil-garlick I waa ! Walking behind the man had given me full liberty to protect the white dimity and the tea-green silk, but tbe rest of me would have astonished a flounder. ' What are we to do next ? Can we walk along the river side ?' No, the mud was too deep ; and in some places, where the channel was narrow, the water was too deep. Devonshire and Cornish rivers r— always tidal — do not resemble the streams of the mid land counties , the banks are high, ' rocky, wooded, and the course of the river can usually only be followed above cliff. This wai the case here ; so there was nothing for it but to mount the rocks aud get into the wood above. If the river was dark, the wood was a chim ney, only blacker, and no soot. The man by my side might have been on the Monument as far as I could see him. 'Have you been in this here wood before, ma'am ?' he said in a frightened voice. . : ' ' Often. I know my way in it well ? enough by day, aud even by night if I could get into the path. It runs through the centre.'. ' In that case, ma'am, we must go straight upwards, and we shall be sure to strike it. ' ' I'll try by myself. You had better go back to you boat. 'No one will run away with my boat, ma'am. I'll find her safe enough at five in the morning ; but you'll never get out of this yur wood without a man to help you — never ma'am.' It was dark as a bag. I might have been tied up in one for aught I knew ; and the place was horribly lonesome. I confessed in my own mind that I should be afraid to take a step by myself. And besides, what greater happi ness can befall Jthe unprotected lemale than to have a man to take care of her ? ' I'm sure I'm much obliged to yon,' I said gratefully ; ' and my cousin, to whose house I'm going, will give you a bed, or a seat by t&e; kitchen fire ; and that will be better than sit ting in your boat till the tide is high enough 'to take her off.' ? ; 'Certainly it will, ma'am. Please coiie along.' ]'? ' I came along ; and in two minutes I knocked my bonnet off against a tree, and in another minute knocked my nose, and made it bleed like prize-fighting. ' You'd better give me your hand, ma'am,' said my protector, 'and let me lead you along.' - ? Alter perching myself on bis back, with my arms round his neck, I felt it would bo folly to refuse this aid. I took his hand and went on with confidence. Bang 1 he pulled me plump against another huge tree, and I felt a big bump rise on my forehead, and knew my bon net-cap was dangling round my neck. ' Well, I duuno how 1 missed feeling of that tree ; — hope you ar'n't hurt, ma'am ?' I was nearly stunned, but replied faintly that there was life in me yet. | ' I reckon t'wull be heasier to go this way^' said tbe man, grabbing my hand tight, and dragging me in a directiun/rom Tavytree. '; ' JVots he's going to show himself in his true colours. Now he's going to turn out a villain and murder me,' I said to myself. I stood still in horror, and rooted my soaked boots deep as I could in the mud. . \ { ' M not go that way,'! cried,,,' V But, my dear lady, we shaUetrike the path then, and if wo keeps the course pf the river we never shall; and we shall knock 'bur brains agin the trees. In course they grow thickest by the water, aud tho undergrowtu too.' | ' I don't .care. ' I won't stir a step that way. Letgomyhan'd.' , , ' . He immediately grasped it tighter. . ??? . ; : 'No, ma'am, I can't. If I lets go, and you stirs honly » hinch, I shall never catch you hup again.' ... ' . ? ' O, the blood-thirsty villain ! He would not give his victim even a chance for her life. ' Please, ma'am, can you see me ?' 'No, man,,. no; no more than if you were your own ghost,' I answered. ? :* ?' 'Nor lyou, ma'am. So you perceives if we lets slip hands, we may go hollering all night through this yur wood like them blessed babbies the robins was undertakers to, and yet never lay holt to one another again. I can't see your hand, ma'am, I declare, though I'm gripping of it' It was true that the darkness was even as in tense at this ; aod tlie thought of being atoqp in such blackness, or of being hunted through it, made my flesh creep. . ' There's a shimmer of light on the lake,' I said in mycivillest tone; 'that will surely help us a little if we keep to its course.' ' That ain't nothing of a help, ma' im. If we goei straight hap, we must strike the road ; but if we keep along here, we may be two hutches lioff end yet not find it.' Ab ! he knew of some pit in which he could throw me, . or of some horrible lonely place ' straight Imp' where a throat could be cut, and the-unpleasant body never found ; ' What's the good of watting time, ma'am ? Come along !' He gave me a frightful tag with iiis strong hand upon which my soaked boots gave ray, and I went two jerks forward ; then 1 threw my arm rbuna a tree, and' held on. And to make it harder to him to move me, I sat down in the mud— I did— and spoilt my tea-green eilk fur ever. ' You are very bard to help along, ma'am, he said savagely. O, you villain I- Now you are beginning, are jon? 'My good man,' I observed blandly, 'you are dragging. -ne now against my will. Go my way, and I shall be easier to help.' 0 my unfortunate stars ! if lie would only let go my bind I'd run.. To bate stopped ia the boat even would have been better tusn ibis. The man couldn't see I was JBiUins down in tbe mud. 'Crikey 1' he said to himself, in a very re spectlal manner, as lie kept tugging my arm off without moving me. 1 thought I'd try a little fierceness. ' Man I won't go 1' I shrieked ; ' I won't 1 How dare you pull me ?' He turned meek directly. Tbe idea of a man being frightened of me 1 ' I'll go your way if you.like nu'am,' he said, as mild as milk ; ' but we don't get out of the wood then lill daylight And if you'll strike straight hup, ma'am, I'll be sponsabnl for the path.' This was a handsome offer. I reflected—] consented, I had fouud I could snub the man, and 1 knew 1 could icuock him down. I (lcter uiiiii'd to be brave. I);ut u]- fium lln: uiuil, and unwound iny linn from tliu t:tf. ' Very well ; I'll strike up. I hopa you'll find the road at once.' A furze bush caught my dress, and tore it ont nftlie gathers : I lien I hit my hand against a thorn, and crrHtulie.l tin' flesh to tin- bow, Still I wint on. The man was ' Bpon&abul;,' and I ought to be thankful. I sni'l thin to myecll si often, tlMt at laist I grew quite comfortable in my mind, although my dress was tatters and my bonnet flitters, and I knew my forcliead was one great red bump, and my nose another, aud my boots wera two mud pies. 1 must say the mau was kind ; he warned me of branches and trunks, against whicli he humped himself first, and look off the first shock, as it were, before they liir me. Inky darkness ! I demolish the last bit of mylonnut against a branch, and nearly leave my licet boot in something Boft. But thu Bcarccly counts, for in another moment the man and I step oft upon nothing, and fiud ourselves upon our faces in something very soft indeed — slush is the only word for it. The shock strikes us helpless ; we lie still, not sure if ui- are ali'e. ' Black d(irkni-8», and silence, and no attempt, either ou hit part or on mine, to move. Tuen the man's voice, very low : ' My dear liidy, are you killed ?' ' No, man, I am not.' This was said snappishly, my mouth being fall of mu-l. Ci-riainly that man was meek ns Moses, lor he was civil si ill. 'Thank heaven lor that! My dear, good, blesscl lady, are we down at the bottom ol a shaft ?' ' No ; there arc no shafts hereabout.' No sooner had I epiken, than the poor bewil dered creature sprung to bis feet and recovered his wits. ' I made sure we were down a shaft,' lie said iu an awed tone. If any accident happens tn a Cormshman, his first idea is that be is down a shaft. ' Are you burt, ma'am ?' ' Not a bit,' I answered, springing up like wise. We congratulated each other upon this ; and in two minutes more to my great delight, we stepped oil the lushes aud brambles and under wood, on lo the hard, firm, open road. ' Alt ! I knowed we should strike tbe path this way,' said the man, triumphantly. I was gemrous. I did not say ' Yes, but we might have bein killed in stepping off that great high bank, which will frighten you n little when you louk at it to- uiortovr, Mr. Boutmnn. I did not even remark that we might have broken our bones. I simply said I should like him to look at that place by daylight, that was all. ?'???, He said lie would. We clambered over a gate, and found our selves iu a field, close upon the tillage of Tavy tree. It was a respectable village— very respectable. It had eight villas in it, all standing in their own grounds. In the eight villas might be found nine old maids, and one .old batckelor on crutches, three widows, poor,, with children, and two married couples, riuh, -without. With tbe exception of a little Buandel about two of the old maidB, who bad Ulleu in love witb tbe Metho dist preacher and declined to go to church, there was never anything to be seen, or beard, in the village but the most orthodox respectability. Now in the fields I could see myself a little, and a nice object I saw. There was nothing Jeft of my bonnet but the cap, and that was hanging round my neck in rags. My face was a cake of mud, mingled with blooil from my prize-lighter's nose aud scratches. I was torn, and worried, and mangled, aud rolled, just like an. early Christian virgin and' martyr that minute pulled out of the tangs of wild beasts. And in such a shape as this I was to enter the respectable village, aud perhaps greet some of my respectable acquaintances. And a mau with me, too 1 .Aud murals here so severe ! Luckily it waseleven o'clock, andeverybody went to bed at ten at Tayytree. There was a hope I might not be seen. ' As we neared tbe village, tiie manly protec tor to whom 1 owed my woes seemed to feel, some compunction. ' Ma'am, ' he said myste riously, ' if you think to go back, we can wait at the corner of the wood till the first -glimmer of daylight ; then we can wade to the boat, or I'll cai ry 'ee I'm sure with all the pleasure iu life ; and I'll row sharp, and get 'ee into Salt ash unbeknown. My wife keeps a hiuu ; you can clean yourself there, and come here tomor row respectable-like. Nobody '11 know.' This offer made me smile. 0, the simplicity of man ! Belter face all the outraged virtue of Tavytree,' than throw myself on the mercy and forbearance of a' wife. After studying human nature so long among my neighbours, I was m-t quite suck a goose as to put my head into a trap. . . ; -' 1 declined with thanks, and walked on faster. A man ap|iroached uiC I rejoiced to see that his gait, waa none of the soberest ; aud keeping the dark side of the road, and folding the rem nants of idrajiery arouhd me, I deceived his be muddled eyes ; he: deemed me a respectable ligure— he ^ven touched bis hat Fortunately this blind individual was the only creature we met , Sneaking along by back ways, I reached my cousin's house unseen. The moment the door was opened I jumped inside. In the blaze of light in the hall I looked at the man ; he looked at me. He was a muddy mer man; I. was a hideous tatterdemalion. Tbe servant screamed ; my, cousin rushed from tbe parlour ; she screamed. I could not embrace her ; I was too dirty oven to give her my band. I gasped forth, Vis my box come?' 'Yes,' she said. ' Clean things and bath ! When I'm a Chris tian woman again TU tell you everything. We've bad a irigutful accident — been nearly killed.' I thought it wise .to exaggerate a litle ; but there was no exaggeration equal to our appear ance,— judging from that we had both been chawed up by sharks, aud resuscitated in a mud-bath. ' Good gracious!' cried my cousin. 'And this |iooi man, I suppose, has saved your life. What a comfort you bad a man with you I' Looking at him grateiully, she handed him ovnr to the cook. Unlimited supper, and a tub of hot water in back-kitchen. These were her orders. . . I went upstairs, spoiling the carpets ; and feeUugmyeelf unequal to the task of dressing, 1 went from my bath to my bed. The uext day I found myself black and blue. When I fell from the high bank I had fancied myself uu hurt; but the fact was, the excitement and shock had destroyed paiu. I felt it now, and, bruised from heal to foot, I lay quite helpless for a week. When I recovered, I faced tbe entire village. I recounted my adventure at every tea-party, and thereby made a liun of myself for a whole month. As to the man, he went wading back to his boat at five in the inorning, and 1 never saw him again. Long afterwards I heard that hit village was in a commotion at his disappearance that night ; and his wife, refusing steadily to believe his meek statement of facts, bullied him so tremendously that be ran away, aud has not been heard of since. I understand be cursed all womankind before his departure, and that / wan the cause of all his misfortunes. Such ia man! The Father of Sanitary Eetoru.— About eighteen hundred years ago, Plutarch discharged the Juties of ' commissioner of sewers and public buildings ' in bis native city of Cuse runea. Tbe very fashionable people sneered at tue 'commisiioner,' and wondered that a gen tleman should stoop to anything so low ; the ordinary comiuua-sense sort of |teople thought it odd that a philosopher should degrade him «elf into a puddle policeman ; ubile Plutarch's moat intimate friends, who seem to bare a good deal of sarcastic humour, delighted to remind him of the remarkably exalted office to which bis geuius had raised him. On one of these oc casions the nooest biographer made a reply worthy to be adopted as the motto of all sani tary reformers. 'It is not for myself,' said be, 'that I do these things, but for my country. The usefulness takes away the disgrace ; aud the meaner tbe office I sustain, the greater the compliment 1 pay to the public,' 