THE MERCURY. THURSDAY MOBSING, MAB. H, 1867. A vert fair idea may be formed from the news wo publish to-day of the amount of benefit we should be likely to derive from any subsidy we might be called upon to contribute to the Panama and New Zealand steam postal route. The Rakaia has made a more than average run this time, having left Panama on the 11th January, with New York news to that date, and English telegrams by the Atlantic cable to the 10th. These she de- livered in Sydney on the 3rd of March, and I we got them by telegraph from Sydney to Melbourne, and published them on the 9th. But it is now the 14th, and we are indebted to the Syducy and Panama papers, sent round by way of Melbourne, for what we publish to-day. None of the English papers or periodicals have yet reached us. Nor will they reach ub until the arrival of the Taamania, direct from Sydney, her date of sailing having been postponed until the 12th inst. It is, therefore, quite clear that we must look to the Suez and Point de Gallo route as the only one that is likely to be of much advantage to us for years to come, whatever the decision arrived at by the postal conference now sitting in Melbourne. It is just possible that'we shall get in the course of to morrow our English papers and periodicals by the Panama and New Zealand route to the 2nd of January, but the mail via Suez and Point de Galle will be due in Melbourne on Saturday next, and, if punctual to her time, we shall get our English papers, periodicals, and letters to the 26th of January on Monday morning, and telegraphic despatches to a much later date. For these reasons, if for no others, we must stick to the Suez anti Point de Galle route as the one by which we are most likely to be benefited. But that is only speaking of that route as we are now served by it. If our present service by the Suez and Point de Galle route was turned into a fortnightly, instead of being allowed to remain a monthly service, it would not leave the ghost of a chance to any other route. It would leave all others immeasurably in the rear. We should get papers and letters to the 10th or 15th of each month a week before those to the 2nd could reach us by the Panama and New Zealand route, which is, at present, the only competing one. We need say no more, we think, to con- vince any one who pays the slightest atten- tion to the subject that the Suez and Point de Galle route is the one for us, and the only one we should think of subsidising, except on grounds not at present before us. If forced into some compromiso, in order to secure unanimity, we do not say that some small assistance might not be given to the Panama and New Zealand route, but 1 it should be with the distinct understanding that it was done for the sake of unanimity, and not with the expectation of any benefit from it. At one time, indeed, we might have got a little later American news by it. But all hope of that is now cut otf by the restoration of the Atlantic cable. That brings New York within twelve hours of London, and we see from the English papers that a message was sent in the month of December from Washington to Paris by it, containing four thousand words, at a cost of four thou- sand pounds. Lot us not bolster ourselves up then with the idea that we shall get anything, even in the way of American news, by the Panama and New Zealand route. Tint would be altogether out of the ques- tion, if we once got a fortnightly mail by way of Suez and Point de Galle. And, for the present, we may certainly look upon the Torres Straits and the Cape of Good Hope routes as off the cards. In the Melbourne papers now to hand, we see very little notice of the doings of the conference. Ou Thursday the 7th, it is said :-" The postal conference did not sit yesterday, having adjourned on Tuesday un- til to-day. So far as the deliberations have progressed very considerable unanimity pre- vails, and there appears every probability of a satisfactory conclusion being arrived at." On Friday theSth :-" The postal conference continued its deliberations yesterday, all the members being present. It will probably be several days before any final agreement is arrived at, as there are a number of in- terests, some of them rather conflicting, to bo considered." On Saturday the 9th : " The postal conference continued its deli- berations yesterday, but no definite conclu- sion was arrived at. The sittings were ad- journed until Monday next, and it is not very probable that the conference will bo brought to a conclusion before the middle of the week." Privately we hear that Mr. CiiAPMAN expects to leave Melbourne by the Southern Cross on Wednesday next. But, judging from the foregoing, that, we think, is doubtful. Let us hope, however, when he does come, that we shall hear that the delegates have been unanimous, what- ever the result. TriE duty of ninopence a hundredweight on all grain, and of a shilling a hundredweight on all flour imported into Victoria,has been deci- ded upon by the legislature of that colony, and there is nothing left for those likely to be affected by it now to do but to make a virtue of necessity. We cannot help it, and must submit. But when we como to look a little closely into this matter, it is not ono that will affect us so injuriously as might at first have huon thought. At all events, it will not affect our farmers injuriously. That admits of the readiest and most conclusive proof. Tho moment this duty was put on in Victoria, sixpence per bushel was added to the price of wheat there, and a pound per ton to the flour. The bakers also raised the price of the four pound loaf from sixpence to sevonponco. It ia not the producers then that pay the tax, or the goneral dealers, but tho consumers. We shall, indeed, suffer by it in another way. The price of bread will be raised on ub to this extent, and other things are ruled by this. If a man can only get for seven pence now, what he once got for sixpence, his cost of living will either be increased, or he will have to do with less of the taxed article. And that will operate injuriously in one or other of these ways. A man must get more wages, or he must do with less bread. And, as a rule, his doing with leBB bread would lessen the motive to pro- duction. But that does not apply in our case. If we had to consume all we raised, it would, and the Tasmanian farmer would then have good reason to complain. But with such a market as Yictoria open for whatever he produces, what does it matter to him whether they double the amount of the present duty or not P He will have to pay no portion of it. He will, in fact, be benefited to some extent by the imposition of this tax. Whilst the Victorians will pay the tax on every bushel of wheat and every ton of flour of his they consume the home consumers will in all probability I be asked more than they otherwise would be for his produce, owing to the way in which the retail prices in the Victorian market rule ours. And to that extent, whatever it may prove in the issue, this imposition will operate as a protective duty in favor of our farmers. Nor let it be supposed that this is any new doctrine. A tax on consumption at any of our great emporiums of commerce must lead more or less to an increase in the price of the taxed articles from the centre to the circumference. This may be to some extent insensible, but it is none the less certain. The imposition of this tax on grain and flour in Victoria will not only raise the prices of those articles in that market. It will lead to an increase in the prices of those articles in the markets by which they are supplied, although not to the same extent perhaps. That, at all events, is the generally received opinion among those accustomed to the discussion of economical questions, and it is one that is susceptible of demonstration by an appeal to facts. If the imposition of this duty then does not operate to the benefit of the Tasmanian farmer, it will notoperatetohisdetriment. Whatevergrouud the consumer may have to complain of, he will have none. His wheat will not be shut out of the Victorian market by the imposition of this tax. Its price will be simply raised by it to the consumers there, with the chance also of its being raised to the con- sumers here. Jf this then be a proper way of looking at the matter,-and who can deny that it is, what have^the Victorians done ? They have simply taxed one portion of tho community for the support of another. Or to speak more definitely, they have simply taxed all classes of the community for the furtherance of the interests of the farmers. They have, in other words, given their farmers a bonus to the extent of this tax on their wheat and flour under the hope of increasing the home production of those articles. And whilst doing that, they have been buoying them- selves up with the belief that they shall thereby shut out the wheat and flour of other countries. But will they do that ? If their farmers cannot grow wheat at less than 5s. per bushel, and others can grow it and ship it to Melbourne at 4s. per bushel, are they any the more likely to continue to grow it, because of the imposition of this tax ?. It is not so much with other countries what Victoria is ready to take their wheat and flour at, as it is what quantity she can afford to take. To them, the difference of sixpence per bushel in favor of their own farmers to be paid ultimately by the con- sumers, is a mere bagatelle. South Australia is, at this moment, showing thom that. At Fort Adelaide, tho shipments of whoat and flour are being carried on now on a comparatively enormous scale. She is ready to supply Victoria, notwithstanding the imposition of this tax, with wheat and flour at a lessor cost than lier farmers can produce it, but is not depoudont upon her. Between the 1st of January and the 16th of February this year, she shipped what was equal to 12,729 tons of flour, aud had laid oa at the latest dates twenty ships of the aggregate tonnage of 12,901 tons to take more to England, to the Cape, and to the Brazils. That does not look as though the other colonies were going to be driven out of the production of wheat and flour by Victoria. Let others imitate the example of South Australia, and Victoria may then raise the price of these articles on her own consumers, but she will do nothing more. _ Tub Nathan Thoupe.-There was a good at- tendance at the Theatre Boyal last night to witness the performance of the Nathan Troupe. Tho pieces wero the Hibernian comedy of Audy Blake, in which the chiof part was impersonated by La Potito Marion with great success. In tho musical inter- lude the same little lady sang " My Johnny was a Shoemaker" (o IA Lady Don). Tho whole of the per- formances concluded with the burlesque of Codadad The ontortainment (which was patronized by the hon. Sir Ii. Dry} was for the benefit of Little Marion. Police Couut Roster..-The justices whoso names are on the roster for attendance at the Police-court to-day aro Messrs. Tonkin and G. Salier. TRINITY BELLS. - Yesterday a peal of bells was rung by the Trinity Amateur Ringing Association, in compliment to Mr. Alfred Bock, painter in oil and water colors and sennotype photographer, on his departure for Gipps Land, via Melbourne, by the Southern Cross Steamer. Mr. Bock, who is a Tasmanian, was for a number of years an amateur ringer here. A Live Platypus.-We were shown yesterday at tho shop of Messrs. Hinsby & Calvert a very fine live specimon of tho platypus, caught by ono of their agont8 at the Huon. Tho animal is in primo condi- tion, and is quite a curiosity. When caught it ad- ministered a sharp losson to its captor with one of its spurs with which it pierced his thumb. The hand and arm soon swellod to avery large size, and are not yet well. Tho platypus can bo seen at Messrs. Hinsby & Calvert's shop to-day. The Bettino Maukbt.-Now that tho ring has all returnod from Tasmania, thoro ยกb some speculation on the approaching Molbourno Rucos, the Australian Cup being the event on which moat of the business is done. Warwick is quite tho first favorite, and has reached รณ to 2, all the 3's to 1 having boen taken up early in tho wook. Barwon is backed at 5 to 1, though not vory freoly, and Tim Whifflor at 6 to 1, a price which is offered agst Tornado. On Monday ovoning, at tho Subscription Room, 100's to 8 wera laid agat Kxilo, and 100's to 7 ngst Snip ; 100's to .5 being wanted ngst Aggrnvator. For the Flemington Stakos, Litthj Fish is backod freoly at ovens, tho money being got on in small sums. The weights being out for tho lop races, thoy offer 3 to 1 on the fiold for the Uurdlo Race, and offer to back Banker at oven money for the Stooplo-chnso, 5 to 2 hoingofforod ngst him for tho Ballaarat Grand National. Thoro is little doing on tho -Sydney Cup, but -we havo seen Rip Van Winklo backod for tho Molbourno Cup at 1000 to 16. Tho Subscription Room will bo opon next Monday.-Bell') Life, Lettehh posted yesterday insufficiently stnmpod : Mr. T. Oldham, Sorell Causeway ; Mrs. Roberts, Queen's Asylum, Now Town; The Pastmoster Goneral, Molbourno. The MuunEiiop tub Tickkehs.-Tho Lill kit on (New Zoaland) Timen of 23rd ult., has tho following roport of proceedings which took placo at the Magi- strates Court, Lyttolton, on 22nd ult., in referonco to tho dreadful murders:-"Magistrates' Court, Friday, February 22nd :- Before Wm. Donald, Esq., R.M. -Jas. Baxter, alias Allan M'Gregor, was brought up on romand, on the charge of murdering Mr. and Mrs. Tickner, at Hobart Town. Dotectivo Constablo Vickors was prosont in court, having arrivod from Hobart Town. On being sworn, ho said : Ho knew the prisonor at the bar. Ho was known to him twolvo months boforo tho murdor occurred in Hobart Town. It happened on tho 18th February, 1860. Witness said ho rocollectod tho oircumstanoos of tho murdor ; it occurred on the morning of the 18th February. The victims appoarod to havo boon murdered with a tomahawk; noithor tho woapon nor tho murdoror had ovor boon discovered. Ho had evory reason to boliovo tho prisonor to bo tho person who committed tho murdor. Ho residod within a quartor of a milo from tho scene. Tho signatures to tho depositions wero those of Mr. A. B. Jones, police magistrate at Hobart Town. They woro tho depositions of W. Viokors and Henry Brown, of Hobart Town. Tho prisoner, after recoiving a caution, statod that tho statement mado before by him was all a dolusion. Ho had no idea whore ho was on the night of tho murder. Ho hoard tho account read at Mr. Doan's house, who is montioned in tho depositions. In the state of mind ho was in when he mado the confession, ho believed that ho had dono tho dood. Ho did not know any- thing about tho tomahawk. Ho denied all know lodge of the murder, and did not wish to say any- thing more. Dotoctivo Viokers applied for tho discharge of tho prisonor. The Resident Magistrate then discharged the accused, and ordered that he should bo convoyed to the hospital, in oonaequenco of his illness. Acousod appoarod to be suffering from serious illness, and was conveyed to the hospital during tho afternoon." 