VIOTORIARACING CLUB— SPECIAL ' MEETING. Stewards: Captain Standish, C. B. Fisher, Esq., G. Watson, Esq., R. H. Power, Esq.j' Ail; W. Robertson, Esq. Judge : Captain Scott. ' Starter : G. Watson, Esq. If bright, balmy, breezy weather be Queen's weather, then the second son of that august lady is already enjoying in anticipation a por tion of his maternal inheritance. The Queen herself could not have brought a better olimatic talisman than the Prince took with him to Saturday's races. The road offers little sub jeot for comment. As the Prince passed along in hia. postilioned chariot he must have observed how fashionable 'a color the ocean blue has become. In every cottage, however modest .its pretensions, the fair spes tators beamed 'bright in sashes, dresses, or head-gear, or something of the color that the sailor is presumed to love ; nor does he ' love it the less when sported by a pretty lass. Was there anyone to point out to the Duke tho palatial residence (towering over the hamlet of Flemington) of one who had built for him self from a foundation of nothing a fortune far beyond that enjoyed by tho Duke himself? Or was tho attontion of H.R.H. drawn to the rare spectacle of a villago only in its green youth already lapsed into decay. The glories . of Flemington are departed. Its population of saddlers, blacksmiths, vendors of bullock-beils and publicans have shrunkto narrow dimensions. It is but tho ghost of tho Flomington of yore. Its life is a spasmodic life of a day, or two, or tbrco, nowancl again, and a cataleptic condition, near akin to non-existence, for the rest of the year. And even such glories as still appertain to Flemington upon a race day are now shorn of half their greatness, for knowing people have discovered another less dusty road to the west ward, a road less crowded with the range1 of vehicles from the costermongor'S cart to the dashing four-in-hand. Between the new road and the , railway the ' track to Flemington will sooner or later become Hugh Glass's avenue, and that fortunate gentleman may build a new gate-lodge, somewhere about the University end of the Royal Park. Flemington is passed, however,' and in the wake of tho Prince we have just arrived on the ground. The carriage paddock is full of conveyances, which are themselves full' of Fortnum and Mason-like baskets with sus picious-leolring silver tips peeping curiously forth as though over- crowded inside. The Hill, which to the raceground is as the pit to the theatre, is comparatively bare as yet. The two-shilling connoisseurs can't get down for the first event, and it is not before the start for the Duke of Edinburgh Stakes that we may expect to see. the. Hill look as black with men and as bright with pretty women as it did on the Cup day. Very* pretty the tem porary royal box looked, with its fresh verdure of living plants; a very bower of greenery, giving quite a new and elegant aspect tr- t.Vifi nt.iifivroitio tint. iTrmnRinff-lookiuff stand. What is to be said of the Costumes of the ladies on the lawn? Bewildering at any time, with the ? bell ringing, for saddling, what oan a chronicler dp but indulge in some sweeping complaint, catching all in his' net ; just as those sweeping trains did the feet of such unfortu nates as dared to lift their feet at all. What has been' token out of the ciroumference of ladies' dresses has evidently been sewn on be hind. Latitude has given way to longitude. And 'what of tho Prince ? How was he dressed? inquires the young lady who over-danced herself at the ball, and has, cruel fate, been laid up on the sofa ever since. A plain long grey coat, grey trousers with a black stripe, white hat with a blue veil, still no gloves but some massive rings on his fingers. These were his habiliments, so far as visible, upon the course. He evidently preferred the stewards' platform above the weighing room to the box in the Grand Stand. Very, leisurely and comfortably could he smoke there, and the people on the Hill had a much ' better view of him. 'By the way, there was a special novelty upon this occasion in the shape of a musical programme of the pieces performed by the band in the pavilion by the stand. Ajvery bijou of pro grammes, printed on something which, if not caid, was certainly mother-of-pearl or a material very like it. This was what the band played, broken occasionally by impromptu popping of champagne corks from the neigh boring carriage paddock : — ©vorture, ' Jubel,' Weber; quadrille, 'Hunt,' A. ,'F. Godfrey ; selection, '' Zampa,' Herold ; waltz, ' Hilda,' D. Godfrey); selection, ' La Sonnambula,' Bel lini ; Polka ' Mazurka, ' Rosa*' Burkkardfc ; galop, 'Jockey,' A. F. Godfrey; God Save the Queen. To describe the scene of Saturday is merely to recapitulate what has been written before scores of times. I walk through the dense crowd in front of the pavilion, and, I see the same faces I have seen at every race' meeting any time these last five years. The dresses, perhaps, are a trifle more gorgeous, and some of the faces nature has' not blessed to the extent she has others, have had a trifle more assistance from art, but beyond that I can see no difference. The men are the same as ever. Some of them are there for busi ness, some to enjoy themselves as men should enjoy themselves sometimes, but more, if the truth must be told,, it would seem, to show themselves. There is an alarming tendency for lavender kid gloves and prettiness amongst our young men, and the sooner.it is checked the better. The number of opera glasses turned on a certain pavilion, and kept there for ever such a long time, made me blush for my sex. It is well enough for the ladies to look at the Prince, for I suppose it is their prerogative; but when you see a lot of what by courtesy you term men staring him out of coun tenance whenever ho shows his nose, you cannot wonder that ho prefers hiding himself from the vulgar gaze as much as he possibly can. In front of the pavilion fitted itp by the club for the use of his Royal Highness and the vice-regal party, is a very rare and beautiful collection of fems, which gives quite a rustic air' to the place., I learn that these ferns have been sent by Mr Hugh Glass, and were arranged prettily and tastefully by his head gardener, Mr Ferguson. They form a picture on which the eye rests with pleasure time after time. Near at hand there is a large tent, in which there is laid out a very splendid looking cold collation, and' everywhere there are scattered the rarest collection of hot-house plants. These are also provided by tho liber ality of Mr Glass. Of the doings of the Prince, I dare to say there will be plenty of chroniclers. I am almost ashamed to write that I have not the slightest idea whether he took ' brandy and soda and a cigar' with the committee, or whether he didn't. Yet, on second thoughts, I find I am not ashamed, be cause I am reminded by a still small voice . tlinf if T f\lf\ lmnw. T eTinnlrl lmnn ltnM«% rgiiilty of an unwarrantable piece of prying ?kmipertinence. All I could see was 4tt-ja$ ;;; Ins Royal Highness seemed to enjoy, hnnsblf heartily ; that he went about the ground as-any, otlier English gentleman present; that he witnessed: the majority of the races from the judges' stand ; and that — alas that I should have to write it, — he was seen in dangerous proximity to a person -whose presence in the reserve at all was the greatest insult we could offer to our royal visitor, and whoso touch is pollution even to meaner hands. I don't know that there was any touching of hands, but I do know that there was a great deal of conversa tion, and that men whose minds arenotso callous to the characters of those to whom they speak wondered how those who were with , H.R.H. and knew all the filthiness of the life of the man wo allude to, did not inform him of it. The day's sport provided by the club was a really good one, and it brought out stronger fields of horses than could have been expected after the severe work of the spring meeting, and' in view of tho heavy engagements of some of our cracks on tho 1st January. Thoso kept away two of tho best horses we over had in the colony, Fishhook and Tho Barb. Tho racing was good throughout, and tho finish for all tho events most exciting. The £100 Plato was won by Mr Hurtle Fisher's Satellite, beating a field of fourteen starters. Tho re appearance in front of tho popular rose and black was quite a treat for the crowd, and thero was waving of hats and handkerchiefs as tho winner was lod lo scale. Lady Claro won the Hurdle Race in quite her old style ; but in the next raco there was something of. a sur prise for those who pin their faith to the favoritcB. It was thought from the perform ances of Fenella at the last meeting, that she would prove too good for the colts and fillies opposed to her in the Sapling Stakes^ There fore she was made a very strong favorite, and. backed freely at 6' to &? against the field. However, MrL. L. Smith's Melancholy Jaques proved himself too good for her, the race falling to him after a severe contest all the way up the straight. Zouave was second, and Fenella third, but the traditionary, sheet could really have covered the lot' as they passed the stand. Then come the event of the day, the Duke of Edinburgh stakes, and before this was run, lunch was indulged in. After an hour of expectancy to some, but no doubt of enjoyment to others, the bell rang, and the ceremony of weighing having been gone through, the horses were not long in getting into position, and then away. The grey and gold of Mr Cleeland, on Barwon, went past the stand at a tremendous pace, the others lying close up to him in an undistinguishable mass. Ere a mile had been traversed, the son of Boiardo had had enough of it, and therefore im pounded. _ Then .ardent Victorians had the mortification of seeing the Sydney division draw away from the field, Fireworks being leading, Exile second and Tim Whiffler third. Driscoll was evidently making a waiting race of it. On rounding the turn he called on his horse, who responded, came with a rush to the fronf , and won cleverly. Exile was again second, and Fireworks third. After the Steeplechase had been won by Banker, came the race for the Galatea Stakes. As all the horses had gone for the Duke of Edinburgh Stakes, this event was booked as a certainty for Mr De Mestre's splendid animal. In the first mile over again, howevGr, and, worse still, the horse met with an accident, the extent of which has not yet been ascertained. In the first mile he ran against a post and injured himself severely in the shoulder. This left the race to Mr Tait's two, Fireworks and Glencoe, and in this order they came past the post. In the Railway Stakes Rip Van Winkle proved him self a firm colt, bj winning in fair time, and beating a large field of horses. This concluded the day's sport,- and in a very few minutes the course was cleared of the eager thousands, who took their way to town as their fancy prompted them. I may mention that the catering in the Prince's tent was dono by Mr Scott of Scott's Hotel. Mr Mallam had the grand stand bars and luncheon room ; while on the hill those on the 'cheap' ticket were provided with an excellent cold luncheon in a marquee fitted up by Mr Tipper of theHaymarket. . Appended is the detailed information :'—? Plate of £100. — Straight half mile. . One sov entrance. The winner to be sold for £25. i Mr H. Fishers b g Satellite, aged, 8 st 13 lb (Walsh) 1 Mr J. Crough's br g Warrior, aged, 8 st ? 18 lb ? .....(Stevens) 2 Mr J. Holmes's g g Protection, 6 yrs, 8 st 13 lb ? (Bishop) 3 Mr E. De Mestre's br g Klldare, 5 yrs, 8 st 13 lb ? (A. Hill) 0 Mr J. Tait's ch g Falcon, aged, 8 st 13 lb...(Stanley) 0 Mr S. Waldock's ch m Timbrel, 6 yrs, 8 st 11 lb ' ? (Ohifney) 0 Mr L. L. Smith's br m Grace Egerton, 3 yrs( 7 st 7 lb ? (Sullivan) 0 Mr J. N. Perkin's b g The Eajah, aged (including 7 lb over), 9 st 6 lb ? ....'.....: ? (Perkins) 0 Mr W. Craig's b g Midshipman; aged, 8 Bt 13 lb ? , ? (Carter) 0 Mr W. Boyd's br g Cardigan, aged, 8 Bt 13 lb ? (Boyd) 0 Mr S. Criokmero's bl c Darkness, 2 yrs (7 lb over), G st 3 lb... ? ........'...(Devereaux) 0 Mr R. Cuthbert's b f Miss Barwon, 3 yra (8 lb over), , 8 st 1 lb ? ...;..... (Moore) 0 Mr M. Mansereh'sch m Walkaway. 5 vrs (6 lb ovort. 9 st 3 lb ? (Manley) 0 Mr G. Hughos's br g Oakleigh, 4 yrs, 8 st 11 lb ? ; ? (Griffln) 0 Rijah carried 7 lb, Darkness 7 lb, Miss 'Barwon 8 lb, and Walkaway 6 lb overweight. Betting : 4 to 1 agst Timbrel, 4 to 1 Grace Egerton, 5 to 1 Falcon ; the winnor not men tioned. The flag fell to an excellent start, the lot coming away abreast, and it was some time before the leading horses could be made out, when Falcon, Warrior, Midshipman, Protec tion, Grace Egerton and Cardigan appeared to occupy the most forward places, Satellite and Grace' Egertpn being nt their heels. On ap proaching tho distance, Satellite ran through his horses, Midshipman falling back, evidently in difficulties ; Warrior, and Protection, too, being fairly extended. The race was now over, Satellite maintaining his advantage, and winning cleverly by a length,Warrior defeating Protection for second place by half a length ; Midshipman running in a very bad fourth. Time, 53 seconds. Hurdle Race. — A handicap sweepstakos of 5 sovs each, 2 ft., with 150 added. About three miles. jur o. lyuvio a uu ui ju&uy; uiuiu, tiguu, xv BL *k ID ? -?? ? (Dowries) 1 Mr G. Watson's b g Pyrrhus, aged (including 2 lb over), 9 st 9 lb ? (Oallaehan) 2 Mr C. Kelly's br g Surprise, aged, 9 st 12 lb (Kelly) 3 Mr J. Brown's gr g Yorkshireman, aged, 10 st 7 lb ? (Perkins) 0 Mr T. Coker's b g Valentine, aged, 10 st 4 lb ? ...:...... ? ..:... ? (Wakefleld) 0 Mr G.Watson ns b g Laurel, 6 yrs, 10 at 1 lb (Dufloo) 0 Mr' T. Bailey's br g Sir Walter, aged, 9 Bt 12 lb ? (Ryan) 0 Mr S. Harding's b n. Messenger, 4 yrs (including 51bextra), 9 st 9 lb ? (Harding) 0 Mr E. W. Hammond's g g Baron, aged, 9 st 2 lb 0 ? (Chifnoy) 0 Mr J. Whitehead'B b g Active, 6 yrs, 9 st (Aspinall) 0 Mr H. Fisher's b g Satellite, aged, 9 st...(A. Bishop) 0 Mr G. Wright's b m Maid of tno Wannon, aged 8 at 181b ? (Harden) 0 Mr J. Armstrong's b g Little King, 6 yrs, 8 st 12 lb ..?«*.*«.-...*-?.......?*??.?? ? ??????...(??(??«. ,^aix at ixxuujr/ u Mr W. Pearson'B b g Count, aged, 8 Bt 13 lb ? (M'Donald) 0 Pyrrhus earned 2 lb, Messenger 5 lb, and Count 2 lb over weight. Betting: 5 to 2 agut Sir Walter, 6 to 1 York shiremon, Pyrrhus, Baron and Lady Clare ; 8 to 1 Little King, 10 to 1 Surprise. On the fall of the flag, the fourteen at once made for the first hurdle, the pace being very, fast, the lot getting over without a mishap, Satellite, Valentine, and Little King being sh'ghtly in advance. At the next hurdle Satellite jumped oroaswise and fell, also bringing Laurel and Little King to grief. Mes senger,' too, who was in the wake of Mr Fisher's horse, and who could riot be turned, jumped on to Satellite and fell dIso, breaking Harding's collar bone. This throw tho field into confu sion, and in the scramble The Ceunt managed to slip away from the lot and obtained a strong load, which ho held past the old stand and abattoirs, followed by Lady Clare, Pyrrhus and Valentine, the favorite, with Tho Baron, Ysrk shireman, Surprise and Active being some dis tance in tho rear. On coming into tho straight running Lady Claro went to tho front and lod past the stund, followed by Pyrrhus, Count, Baron, Sir Walter and Yorkshireman. This order was held up the river side and past the ©Id stand, when Sir Walter began to move up, and, when looking all over a winner, fell near the abattoirs. At the following hurdle The Count ran round the leap, leaving the mare and Mr Watson's horse to contest the race alone. A very exciting finish ended in favor of Lady Clare, .beating Pyrrhns by three quarters of a length ; Surprise abad third ; then came Active, Baron, and Yorkshireman, who was pulled off and walked in at his ease. 1 Sapling Stakes. — A handicap sweepstakes of 10 sovs each, 2 ft., with 200 added, for two year-olds. Three-quarters of a mile. Mr L. L. Smith's b c Melancholy Jaques, 2 yrs, 8 st 7 lb ? (Stanley) 1 Mr P. J. Keighran's bl c Zouave, 2 yrs, 8 st...(Griffln) 2 Mr O. B. Fisher's br f Fenella, 2 yrs, 8 st 7 lb ? (S. Davis) 3 MfO. B. Fisher's b f My Dream, 2 yrs, 8 st21b ? ; ? (Walsh) 0 Mr S. Waldock ns br c Little Briton, 2 yrs, 8 Bt ? (Sullivan) 0 Mr L. L. Smith's br c Monsieur Lo Beau, 2 yra, 7 st 10 lb ? (Mitchell) 0 Betting: 6 to 4 on Fenella, 3 to 1 against Melancholy Jaques. ? After one false start; which had been pre ceded by a private little gallop indulged in by Monsieur Le Bean, who overpowered his rider, the lot got away, the spots of Maribyrnong ap pearing to have much the worst of it, which may be accounted for by both the fillies being a little restive at the post, particularly My Dream. Melancholy Jaques soon carried his colors to the fore, followed by Zouave and Fenella, who was several lengths from the black colt. These positions were never exchanged, Mr L. L. Smith's colt running a good and game race to the end, and landing his colors first by a length; three parts of a length dividing Zouave from Fenella, My Dream coming in a very bad fourth. Time, 1 min. 21 sec. The Duke of Edinburgh Stakes. — A handi cap sweepstakes of 5 sovs each, 2 ft., with 500 added, and 50 for the second horse, the third to save his stake. One mile and a half and a distance. . / ? : : Mr E. De Mestre's b h Tim Whiffler (S.), 5 yrs, 10 st lib ? (Driscoll) 1 Mr E. Molhado's b g Exile, aged, 8 st 4 lb (Wator man) ? ,.., ? o Mr J. Tait's b c Fireworks, 3 yrs, 7st 7 lb (Stanley) 3 Mr W. Craig's b h Tim Whiffler (V)., 5 yrs, 8 st 9 lb ? ......'. ? (Carter) 0 Mr E. M. Bagot's, g m Cowra, 5 yrs, 8 st ... (J. Hill) 0 Mr W. Field's b g Strop, 6 yrs, 7 st 12 lb ? ? ? ? ? -.... ? (Mitchelson) 0 Mr J. Oleeland's b h Barwon, aged, 7 st 10 lb ? '. ? ..; ? (Alf; Hill) 0 Mr J. Holmes's bg Woodman, aged, 7 Bt 5 lb ? (H. Taylor) 0 Mr P. LewiB's g g Toryboy, aged, carried 7 st 5J lb ? (S.Davis) 0 Mr J. Tait's ch c Glencoe, 3 yrs, 7 st 3 lb (Bennett) 0 Mr O. B. Fishery b f Sylvia, 3 yrs, carried 7 st ? (Pullar) 0 Mr J. Lamb's ch g Cedric, aged, 6 st 12 lb ? (Tornstall) 0 Mr.S. Waldock ns br f Queen of Hearts, 3 yrs, 6 st 9 lb ? (Sullivan) 0 Mr O. B. Fisher's br or bk c The Swell, 3 yrs, 6 st 7 lb ? .........(Southall) 0 Mr L. L. Smith's b m Lancashire Witch, 3 yrs, 6 st ? 41b... ? (Adderley) 0 xoryooy carrion jl$ id, ana »yivia a id over weight. Betting : 2 to 1 against Tim Whiffler, 3 to 1 Fireworks, 5 to 1 each Exile and Queen of Hearts. . There was a false start, in which Lancashire Witch, Cowra, Queen of Hearts and Wood man broke away, but were soon brought baok ; a good start being effected at the next attempt, immediately after which Barwon went to the front, and carried on the running at a geat pace, Exile, Woodman and Fireworks being in close attendance, behind whom again came Tim Whiffler, Toryboy, Strop, Sylvia, and the others in close order. On the river side Fire works took second place, Tim Whiffler third, Toryboy fourth, beside whom was Exile. After passing the old stand Barwon began to decline, and gave way to Fireworks, Tim Whiffler and Exile, Toryboy also holding out signals of distress. In this order they entered the straight run in, when Tim Whiffler came up on one ouisiae ana cnauengea tne colt, Exile close on the pair under the rails. The favorite succeeded in shaking off the son of Kelpie half way up the distance, Exile at the same time making a rush at- the crack, but showing a great disposition to hug the rails, and it was not until the stand was reached that he could be brought to the outside of Tim Whiffler. Both were now at it and each gal lantly responded, Exile gaining at every stride, but never getting fairly on to Tim Whiffier, who won by half a length, Fireworks being about a length behind, Toryboy a bad fourth. Time, 2 min. 56 sec. Steeplechase. — A handicap sweepstakes, of 5 sovs each, 2 ft., with 250 added. About three miles. ? Mr G. Watson's br g Banker, agod, 12 st 3 lb ? ? - ? ...(Johnsson) 1 Mr D. Sweeney's b g Western, aged, 9 st 7 lb, ? ? (Chifnoy) 2 Mr W. P. Bowes's br g Babbler, 6 yrs, 11 st 9 lb... ? (Mr Bowes) 3 Mr J. Whitehead's b g Bondo, Gyrs, 11 st, (Aspinally 0 Mr S. Harding's ch g Echo, aged, 9 st 10 lb, (Kolly) 0 Mr J. Faris's b g Benioia Boy, aged, 9st 10 lb, ... ? ? ? (Hardon) 0 Mr B. ©rr's ch g Pondon, aged, 9 st 4 lb, (M'Niminy) 0 Mr J. Evans's roan g Firetail, aged, 9 st 7 lb, ? ? (Evans) 0 Mr R. W. Hammond's g g Baron, aged, 9 st 2 lb, ... ? |(E. Bishop) 0 Mr J. Whitehead's b g Woodman, 6 yrs, 9 8t 2 lb,... ? (Boyd) o Mr T. Jellett's b m Black Bess, agod, 9 st 8 lb, ? ? (Downos) 0 Mr J. Cleeland ub b g Game Cock, (late Emblem), aged, 9 Bt 4 lb ? (Wakeflold) 0 Babbler carried 2 lb, Firetail 3 lb, Wood man 2 lb, Black Bobs 8 lb, and Game Cock 4 lb over weight. Betting : 2 to 1 agst Banker ; 6 to 1 each against Babbler, Bondo and \Pondon ; 10 to 1 against Firetail ; 10 to 1 against Western freely offered, and ho takers. The first to Bhow in front was Western, with B$ron and Bondo immediately behind, and the rest in a cluster. The first fence was well taken by Western, Baron, not so fortunate, striking heavily, Bondo jumping on to his quarters, causing both to kiss mother earth and thereby settling their chances for the race. A little fur ther on Firetail refused and spoiled Ids oppor tunity also. Western, Benioia Boy, Echo, Pon don, Banker, and Babbler, woro all running well and close together, when on leaving tho train ing ground Pondon went to the front, followed , by Echo, Western, Banker, and Babbler. At the ' fence opposite the stand Pondon over jumped 'himself and pitched, throwing his ridor over hia head, Westom nearly performing the same office for his jockey, ;who fortunately got back again into his seat, and, tho horse never stopping, wns first over the next fence. Banker now went on, and up the river side took second place, Echo and Babbler being the only othors in tho raco. Littlo moro nood be said. Bunker gradually got on to tho leader, and finding he had him safe, half a mile from home again pulled off until the last f tnce w.as crossed, when a fine struggle ensued, Banker winning by. half a length from Wes tern, Babbler a bad third; Echo was fourth, Benicia Boy fifth, and Black Bess sixth; It wa afterwards discovered that the rider of Pondon had broken his collar-bone. The Galatea Stakes of 10 sovs each, h ft., with 250 added (and 50 for the second horse ; . the third horse to save his stake). For three year olds, 6 st 10 lb ; four years, 9 st ; five years, 9 st 9 lb ; six yeorB and aged, 9 st 12 lb. Two miles. Mr J. Tait's b c Fireworks, 3 yrs, G st 10 lb ? , ? (Sullivan) 1 Mr J. Tait's ch c Glencoe, 3 yrs, C &t; 10 lb (Bennett) 2 Mr O. B. Fisher's b or br f The Fly, 3 yrs, G st 5 lb ? ? ? (Jamiesou) 3 Mr E. De Mestre's b h Tim Whiffler, 5 yrs, 9 st 9 lb ? v ? .(Driscoll) 0 Mr C. B. Fisher's b f Sylvia, 3 yrs, 6 st 5 lb (Southall) 0 Mr E. M. Bagot's g m Cowra, 5 yrs, 9 st 4 lb ? (S. Waldock) 0 Betting: 3 to 1 on Tim Whiffler, 5 to 1 against Fireworks. -?? '..??'. The horses were started from the Melbourne Cup post, Fireworks, at once going to the front, followed by Sylvia,' Tim Whiffler, The Fly, Cowra, and Glencoe last. In this order they ran up the straight half mile, and round the turn by the river, shortly after which the favorite tried to run up on the inside of Sylvia. There not being sufficient room, Tim Whiffler came into violent collision with a post, striking it with his head and nearly coming down. He was, however, persevered with, and although passed by Glencoe, took third place, The Ply and Cowra being some lengths behind, and Sylvia even farther in the rear. At the last turn Tim Whiffler was stopped, Fireworks going on and winning easily, Glencoe second, The Fly a very bad third, Cowra fourth, after whom came Sylvia. The favorite was very giddy when he was pulled up, and was bleeding at the nose, besides being much . bruised about the head. Time, 3 min. 43 sec. The Railway Stakes, of 5 sovs each. 2 ft, with £50 added. One mile. The winner to be sold for 300 sovs. If entered to be sold for 200 sovs, allowed 7 lb ; if for 100 sovs, allowed 141b. Mr G Lewises 1) c Kip Van Winkle, 3 yrs, £200, G st 12 lb'.... ? (Beuuotl) I Mr L. L. Smith's b c L. L., 3 yrs, £100, 6 st 5 llj ? (Addorle.v) 2 Mr W. Craig's b h Tim Whifflor, 5 yrs. 9 st 7 Hi ? (Carton ??; Mr S. Waldock's b or br f Palladium, 3 yrs, 7 Bt ? (Sullivan) 0 MrL. L. Smith's be Melancholy Jaquos, 2 yrs, 4 st 9 lb ? .(Swales) 0 Mr G. Bloomfleld'B ch Beadsman, 4 yrs, £100, 7 Bt 11 lb ? (Hocking) 0 Mr . I. Crough's hr g Warrior, aged, £100, S-stolb ? (Stevens) 0 Mr J. Lamb's ch g Oedric, aged, £100, 8 st 5 lb ? (Turnstall) 0 Mr P. Lewis's b c Phosphorus, 3 yrs. £200, G st 12 lb . - ..?....;...... ? (Matheson) 0 Mr P. Paisiow's b h Lath, aged, 9 st 8 lb (Bla6hford) 0 „ Betting : 5 to 2 agst Melancholy Jaques ; 3 to 1 agst Rip Van Winkle. Melancholy Jaques was the first to make the running, when he was deprived of it by Rip Van Winkle, who carried it on to 'the end, winning by a length, the favorite dying off, and L.L. obtaining second place, and Tim Whiffler third. Time, 1 min. 49 sec. 