THE MINISTER'S NIGHTMARE AND ITS SEQUEL. "Great Henry " sat in his office chair; His massive brow was furrowed with care; His truthful lips were pursed in thought, And his poet's eye seemed fixed on naught. He had passed the night in a feverish dream, And the morn brought of comfort no hopeful beam. He had dreamt of scenes full weird and wild, For his past misdeeds had before him filed. Lost Cowper's form had haunted his bed, And that terrible shape had sternly said, "Pursue, false Henry, thy course of shame; Gather thy gains and thy dear-bought fame; The pride and the pow'r of place is thine, And Fortune's sun on thee seems to shine; But a Nemesis lurks in thy onward path, And sooner or later will send thee to—Bath: Not a bath in Lethe, remorse to drown, But the 'hot-water bath' of a people's frown; When scorn and contumely shall be thy lot— In fact, when thy Ministry goes to—pot. The day is coming, it draweth nigh, When of no avail shall be tear or sigh; But of 'cap of office' and all bereft, Parkes shall be 'Parkes' with nothing left." Here the ghost shut up and made for the door, But only gave place to some dozens more. There were office-seekers with smirking grin, And hospital- nurses soddened with gin; Opposition members with words of blame, And news- reporters noting the same. Masters of schools, reduced by "Parkes' Bill," Screeched long petitions; whilst Stuart Mill, With a tome in hand as big as a tomb, Commenced reading aloud dread words of doom, And a hideous critic, with sharp-edged fleam, Dissected the "Murmurs" once breathed "by the Stream." A troop of urchins, each dressed like a "tar," Were shrilly saluting poor Parkes as "Papa!" Some Border-ruffians were singing a song, Commingled with language disgustingly strong; Whilst Custom-house officers chanted refrain, And some bushrangers bold were joining the strain. Behind all these, stood, cooling his hoofs, An Empire devil, with piles of "proofs." The hubbub ceased, and a hospital-nurse Pronounced a most diabolical curse. In "Billingsgate" choice she couched each phrase, And she swelled with wrath till she split her stays. And now there arose a vile sulphurous smoke, As the fiends this solemn "anathema" spoke:— "Man of wiles, thou bearded one, Whom we hate and whom we shun (Save when sleep thine eyelids seals), Hear the fate our vengeance deals. Thou shalt be for aye unblest— Know no peace, enjoy no rest Till, thy reign of office o'er, Thou shalt be "plain Parkes" once more. Though the session be not come, And though Dignam yet be dumb, Other plagues thine ear t' offend Have we sent and will we send; Deputations still shall bore, Gaining little, wanting more— One awaits thee with the sun. Now, farewell! thou bearded one. The vision then fled, and Parkes sat up in bed, For he woke as bright Phœbus shone jolly and red, And although, as he said "Pooh, what's there to dread?" Ah! the strength of the spirits was still in his head. And thus we've explained, and in verse have rehearsed, The Minister's nightmare and how he was cursed. This accounts for his gloom as he sits in his chair— There's a knock at the door! Cries Henry, "Who's there?" As H-ll-r-n enters, and grinningly states That "a small deputation" on Mr. P. waits. "Show 'em in," gasps the Minister, turning pale-blue, And mutt'ring to K-nd-ll "My dream has come true." When! judge his surprise, for a sight meets his eyes Which baffles belief, and description defies:— (My Muse is quite equal to "Odes on the Moon" Or acrostics on coryphées [rare girls to spoon], But give me heroics, I'm gone "like a coon.") However, dear reader, don't call me a loon; But if the denouement you wish to spy soon, Forgive my digression, and— VIDE CARTOON. 