Jlrapr '|tt®^lfar : J.;. ~ fill EAT BRITAIN. . . ? 'TRIBUTE OF LOYALTY TO THE POPE. The Catholics of Congleton, in Cheshire, held ?on the 28th Apiil a meeting, in behalf of the above object. After Benediction, according to ^ arrangement, the chair was taken by the Rev. O-. B. Clegg, who, having briefly explained the object of the meetings called upon Mr. M 'Coy, who rose an-- said, that to attain the end in view, viz., to worthily represent themselves, through their prelates, around his Holiness, at the proximate festival of St. Peter, he thought a public ' meeting was absolutely necessary ; for though he and all Catholics felt loyalty to the grand Head of the Church, the time was come when they should not sit down satisfied that they had the true faith iri their hearts ; but that these were days when they should profess it . aloud in words and deeds. The sorrows of the Pope were not so much his own as theirs ; his -trials were of the whole Church; whilst his enemies publicly and vauntingly threw their ;.taunts in his face, his children should not stand aloof silently disapproving, but should be active and loud in their counter-demonstrations ; and therefore he begged to move 'that this meeting of the 'Catholics of Congleton hereby publicly profess! their attachment and loyalty to his Holi ness Pius IX., in his many griefs and trials for . the cause of God, justice, and truth.' _ Mr. Waglhi eloquently seconded the resolu ( tion. He said whilst the enemies of order and religion were active in secret and public, why shoukLthe friends of order and the children of ^religion confine themselves to mere secret acts of -their faith ? No doubt every one calling himself ? -Catholic would brand with infamy the enemies -of the Holy Father ; but that was not sufficient ; for whilst they, his children, were silent, the '?world said, ' Oh, these Catholics cannot care ;much for the cause the Pope defends.' There ? might be some truth in that, but they, the -Catholics of Congleton, small as they were in numbeiv compared to other places were none the less bound to do their duty, and this duty they professed, in part, at; least,. to fulfil this evening, accepting the reeoi utir.n. By this, their free act, the cause of the Pope they hereby made their «wn. . Mr. 'Brennan moved the next resolution— ' That'as a practical test'of their loyalty, a col lection oe instituted, the proceeds ot which to be .sent to- the offico of the Weekly Register for the purpose explained in that journal.' Amongst many other soul: stirring remarks he said that the time had come for Catholics to be out and doing ;? not, as hitherto, within and thinking.; and, were it not that others depended upon him for their, support, he would be off to-morrow to fight and, die for the Pope. Whilst they saw the hero of Aspromonte and his bravoes hail the 'Rome or Death' in an adverse sense not only -with enthusiasm but with tangible acts, they ?Catholics, if they were worthy of the name, ?ought to be ready to dare and do as much for the good cause. Yes, he, we ought to make ?their battle-cry our battle-cry, but in the good . Catholic sense : Roma o morte — We, top, will -die for thee, 0 Rome I But, he said, he feared that not many would have the glorious oppor tunity of shedding their blood at home or abroad for Rome ; but there was one thing all could do, the least they should do— they could bleed their pockets. . And thab was the moral of his speech — bleed your purses dry, and send the precious . -drops a's substitutes for your heart's blood, to be , laid in homage and. tribute at the feet of the Vicar of Christ. Mr. Connolly- briefly seconded the resolution, -observing that if his purse was as well filled with gold as his heart with good wishes, the Pope should not have to make any more loans to main tain his faith and honour. ? . The meeting was well attended, and great en thusiasm, was manifested throughout the whole proceedings. A committee was afterwards ap pointed ft* the collection. The Right Rev. Bishop Ullathorne, on Tues day, opened St. Patrick's Roman .Catholic ? Church, Wolverhampton. * The sermon was preached by the Right Rev. Dr.% Brown, Bishop .of Shrewsbury. . The church, which is built in the midst of a dense Irish . population, seats 700 persons' on the ground-floor. It lias cost less than £27,000. The plan comprises chancel,, ?nave, aisles, side chapels, and'sacrisfcy. ' ? The Devil and Martin;-, Lusher.— Martin Luther,, the great father of the reformation, was ^ .9. niauinan. We do not make this asseriioa on *our own individual authority ; ? but on the .. authority of a medical- man whose special : work is amongst lunatics. A certain Mrs. Thwaites .died not .very long ago, and her will is now being .contested on the ground that she was insane ?when she made it. Her insanity seems to have consisted of religious delusions. She w»3 very charitable, and gave, away about £2,000 a-year, 'but in.her religious ideas, she was, to say the least, exceedingly ecceniric. She bought a tiara ,«f diamonds to wear in heaven ; though, oddly enough, . she at the same time maintained that she could never die unless killed. N Her drawiug . room was fitted up for. her and Dr. Smith (the plaintiff in the case) to sit in judgment, and ..at one time she was the Holy Ghost, at another ?.the Blessed -Virgin. She gave one of her foot .men a peach that had come from the garden of Eden ;tbut, finding it rotten, he threw it away. But in spite of her assertion, ' I shall never die, I shall live for a thousand years, and then I shall sit beside my father and judge the world ;' »he did die, and that without being killed. In the course of the trial, Dr. Williams, a physician «£ Bethlehem Hospital, was examined on the aaatter o£ religious delusions. In the course of Ms examination: the following dialogue took place:— The Queeu'a Advocate.— :Assnuiing a person . to . have been afflicted with a j»«ligious delusion when ahe was 30 years M agq, and that it continued iow thirty years.^ispit .probable ? th at it v could- -be- cured 1 JDr. Williams.— ithinlc not. After persons' hav-' ing dcjlusiohs for thirty years, I never knew them 1jo get rid of them. 'The older the person gets the probability of cure is less. Delusions of a religious character are generally more fixed and wprse to get rid of than any others. Mr. Serjeant Ballantine.— What do you call a religi ous delusion ? Dr. Williams. —A 'person who has delusions on religious subjects.. Mr. Ser jeant Ballantine. — Well, I could have given that answer uiyseJt. But, take for mstance Luther, who has given a description of a conversation he had with the devil, would you' have con sidered Luther mad ? Dr. Williams.— Well, not altogether sane.' Perhaps not, but there was aj considerable amount of method in his madness. If he didn't see the'devil then, there's little doubt but that he has seen a little too much of him since. But, perhaps, on.that even ing old Luther had been indulging, as was his wont, ;in deep potations at his favourite tavern, and had a visitation of what is commonly called ' Blue devils'— in a word he had the delirium trcmen's, and was really, for . the time being, mad. ? We commend to all Protestants this evidence of Dr. Williams, and beg to call their attention to this fact, that the father and -founder of their religion has been pro nounced, by competent authority, a madman. And ibis to the man who has led them from Rome; to perdition; whose very table-talk is quoted amongst them, whose memory is held in veneration, and whose teaching still influences them, iand leads thousands to damnation. Very possibly he may have been visited by the devil ; for he iwas one of Satan's own creatures, and was occupied in doing the devil's work. Lectures on the Catacombs.— On Wednes day evening, the 3bh May, the Rev. Mr. Brown low, M.A., some three years since a clergyman of the' Establishment, now a priest- attached to the Cathedral, Plymouth, lectured in the girls' new school, Anstis-street, Plymouth, on the above interesting subject. The chair was occupied by the Very Rev. Canon Mansfield, President of the Catholic Institute of the Three Towns, and the_ proceeds ot the lecture were devoted to the funds of the institute. The fine large schools were Jilled to overflowing by a most attentive audience of all classes— rich and poor, Catholics, as well as several respectable uon -Catholics, who listened. most attentively to the beautiful lecture or the; learned gentleman. Mr. Brownlow was quite famjHar with his subject - evidently soaked in it, having during a long residence in Rome re peatedly explored the labyrinthine intricacies of those marvellous remains of early Christianity. He invested his subject with the deepest interest, and told several anecdotes that lent a charm to the hallowed subject he had chosen, the last resting place of countless saints and martyrs of the early Uhurch, The lecture was illustrated by a series of diagrams, and these coupled wiih his . natural graceful and elegant language, carried his audience with him in fancy down amid the solemn and sacred recesses of the illus trious departed. A vote of thanks to the learned lecturer was moved by P. Pearce, Esq., seconded by R, Townshend, Esq., and carried amid a burst of applause. Mr. McCarthy in a few words, suggested that the lecture should be pub lished and made accessible to all. On the plat form were the Very Rev. Canon Woollet, Rev. ' Messrs. Hobson, Graham, and Downing, and other gentlemen. It is likely that the lecture will be repeated, and in a more suitable build ing, when I hope to furnish you with a complete report. The Catholic Institute was established to supply a want long felt in the Three Towns, and it it is proving a great benefit to the Catholic young men— aye, and to the old men too — who are members of it, and who, night after night, fiock to it from instructive reading and harm less recreation. Since the the delivery of the lecture the Very Rev. Canon Mansfield, the excellent founder of the institute, having fairly launched the experiment, and borne it safely through the reefs and dangers incidental to every such enterprise, felt it necessary, in consequence of the pressure of his other engagements in this large Mission, to resign the post he had so ably -filled from the beginning, and on his nomination the Rev. Mr. Brownlow was unanimously elected his succeyi r. A Young Man jfrom the Country.— George Street, a powerful man, was charged with steal ing a purse containing £1 19s. 6d., from the person of William Wood. Prosecutor, who is a, countryman, detailed his loss quaintly as fol lows :r— The Magistrate : What are you ? Prose-, cutor : What am I ? Well, I'm a platelayer. I work on the Underground Railway, and come above to be robbed, that's for sartin. That chap (pointing to the prisoner) stole my purse, a steel 'un, with a clasp — it was gone, bless thee, mon, there,, just in no time. Between one and two hours ago, I was in Bricklane, and saw a boy with some birds in a cage. Well, you see, my purse wps in my trousers pocket, and as 1 knows well enough the set as walks about London streets, why I keeps my hand slap on the purse. I took my hand away just to touch 'em. loike. Dang'd if it did'nt go in a twinkling ; he got it. The Magistrate : Got what ? The Prosecutor : The purse, mon, to be sure ; and £1 19s. Od. clear gone. I never seed it since, neither. Then 1 followed him into a public-house, and told him I'd give him into custody. Prisoner : Why do you say I stole it ? Prosecutor : You were he as stood bang next to the pocket, mon. Don't thee be a ? ? fool. Corae, now, where is it (laughter) ? Prisoner : 1 know nothing about it. Didn't I tell you so before? Prosecutor: Aye, aye. ^Prisoner : And didn't I tell you to feteh a policeman ?: Prosecutor : Aye, aye.' Prisoner : And did'nt I wait till one came ? Prosecutor : Aye, jaye. . Prisoner : And didn't he search me and not find it? Prosecutor: Aye, aye ; and how should he when you passed it to another mon, who left before the constable came up, eh 1 Prisoner denied this, but lae was committed fo^{ trial. ( The prosecutor further remarked that 'all ytas not quite fair above ground.' English Parental Love !— At Derby, on Friday, Charles Darwin was charged with ill '} .. ,, .,,.-., .-..?..!''. treating -his -son, ; a ? boyvof ;? nine yeai'8 ? The -little fellow was stripped of his clothing in court. Deep indentations were visible round his waist, and numerous wounds of recent infliction ivp^cta his should er3 and arms. It appears that the boy's parents were in the habit of going from home, and leaving a baby in his. charge, and to prevent his leaving the house they chained him to a large block of stone. They beat him frequently with a thick whipstqek, until the cries of the lad became so frequent and alarming that the neighbours gave information to the police, who found the poor lad fastened witlv the chain to the stbne^ The bench, who characterized the. case as one of the most brutal that had ever come under their notice, sentenced the prisoner to three months' hard labour, telling the mother of the lad that but for her children they would have also .committed her to gaoi. — Anotner instance oi gross inhumanity has just been investigated at Hereford's,' Richard Bishop, the marker at the rifle butts having been charged with cruelty to his child, Ann Bishop. The child deposed befpie ; ; the magistrate that she was eleven years of age, and that oh Tuesday- night week her father had tied her to:a beam in the garret, and flogged her with a ropel She got loose and he. tied her up again, and she was in that position nearly an hour. The rope was doubled, and she had n© clothes on. She escaped through a skylight on to the roof, and fell down into the yard, where a woman picked her up and took her to the police station. The child stated that her father beat her with stinging-nettles on the Sunday previous ; she was then naked. ?Her niafcher did not inter fere, and she got under the bed to -escape. Her father tied her to a beam round the waiat, with her feet just touching the floor. The evidence of a doctor and the nurse at tlie workhouse con firmed the poor, girl's statement. The case was remanded. ; : 