POLICE COURT—WALLAROO. Monday, April 8. (Before Messrs J. B. Shepherdson, S.M., Sholl, and J. Harvey.) James Wesley and Catherine Wesley, husband and wife, were charged with having ; assaulted Edward Emes on the previous Thursday. Defendants had been brought up on warrant on Saturday last, but in consequence of the absence of prosecutor were remanded till Monday, bail being taken for their appear- ance. Mr Taylor for complainant ; and Messrs Emerson and Bloxam for defendants'. Complainant said—On Thursday evening last I was at home, taking my horse from the dray. Mr and Mrs Wesley commenced calling me humpy back and bald head. I was on my own premises. They continued calling me names. I went over my wall and asked them what they meant by calling me names. He up with a hand saw and struck at my head, knocking my hat off. Mrs Wesley struck me with a stick on the side of my head producing the mark which you see, and knocked me down senseless. When I came to myself Mr Wesley was kneeling on my belly and trying to choke me. Mr Wesley called out to Mrs Wesley—"Bring the axe, I will settle him." She then came with a piece of iron and struck me twice on the head. The iron was about two feet long. Some persons then came and tried to get him away from me. He again struck me three or four times on the back with the piece of iron. Mr Nolan, and some others came and took me away. As I was going away, Mr Wesly called out two or three times he would settle me. The piece of iron produced the marks on my head. Mrs Wesley used the piece of iron. The doctor ordered me to be brought to the chemist to have my head dressed. I feel very faint from the blows on my back. This evidence was mainly corroborated by witnesses. The evidence of Dr Sholl was as follows— I attended Mr Emes on Friday and Saturday. He has a few cuts on the forehead, and is a good deal bruised on the back. The wound on the head appears to have been caused by a sharp instrument. There is nothing at all serious about the injuries. The wound on the back has been caused by a heavy instru- ment. The wound on the head might have been caused by a paling. The wound on the head is through the skin to the peri- cranium. To prove the condition in which Emes was in on the afternoon in question, Mr Emerson called Richard Haselgrove, who said—Have known Emes for a long time. When drunk he is quarrelsome. Never saw Wesley quarrelsome. Emes was in my place on Thursday afternoon. There were three men there, and he wanted to fight them. They never spoke to him. Ordered him out three or four times. He stopped there about half an hour, and was abusing three Welshmen the whole of the time. In reply to Mr Emerson, his Worship said there was no, evidence of a felonious assault. A cross-information was then heard against Emes. James Wesley said—On the 4th April was working on my allotment. Saw Ernes' Horse and cart come along. Emes got out of his cart and came into the yard and commenced calling me and wife names—b—— strawfoot, and my wife a b—— long ghost. He also accused me and my wife of stealing stones, and then challenged me out to fight. He said—"If you come out into the road, I'll give you a damn good punishing." Said I did not want to fight. With that I stooped down to saw a piece of wood. He then jumped over the fence, came to me and hit me on the side of the head. I shoved the handsaw up to defend myself. He caught me by the hair of the head. I dropped the saw. We had a scruffle and he went under. Two men came and parted us. I got up and they took Emes part of the way home, and I went back to my work. He then came back and tackled me again. We had another scruffle and he went under again. He went under twice. He had me by the hair and would not let me get up. The two men came and parted us again. After that I came to the port to give him in charge. The police did not take him in charge. Mr Byrne told me to lay an information. Witnesses gave evidence on behalf of Wesley—one of them stating that he hit Emes with the flat of the saw only. The information against Emes was dis- missed. Wesley's wife was fined £1 and costs—in all, £4 2s; and all three parties were bound over to keep the peace towards each other. 