COUNTRY NEWS. Mr Cochrane, an old resident of this district, ran the wheel of his cart over an iguana, yesterday, op- posite the Smythes Creek Hotel, on the main Scars- dale-road. The animal measured sixteen inches long, and was of a much lighter color than those generally met with.—Grenville Advocate, Jan. 1. A New Pest.—Several parties have lately brought under our notice large swellings in their hands, arms and feet, arising from the bite or sting of a new description of fly hereabouts, which in appear- ance is very similar to the common house fly. Acute pain appears to attend the attacks of these flies, and some days elapse before the poison they instil dies out and the swelling and pain disappear.—Talbot Leader, January 1. Fishing in the Country.—Several parties have fish from the creeks in this vicinity, not to speak of hundreds of crayfish caught in McCullum's Creek above the machines. Some large bream, trout, and a few good sized cod have been taken in the holes from Gibraltar to Sanders's farm. At Deep Creek some fish have been taken, weighing from four to ten pounds weight each.—Majorca Independent, January 1 . A melancholy accident occurred at Maldon this afternoon, which has caused much excitement and regret. Mr J. Grigg, a well-known and respected resident in Maldon, while swimming in the Tarran- gower baths, suddenly sank in the deep water, and was drowned before effectual assistance could be procured. It is supposed that he must either have been seized with cramp or had a sunstroke; more information will probably be obtained at the in quest.—Castlemaine Daily News, January 2. Burned by a Bush Fire.—A little girl, named Margaret Nolan, seven years of age, while playing with her sister, Bridget, who is only two years of age, near a bush fire, lately burning at the head of the Emu Creek, not far from their residence, was overtaken by the fire, and had her legs and arms severely burned before assistance could arrive. The younger girl was also burned on the hands. Both were brought to the hospital, where the burns were dressed, but the elder is in a very precarious state. —Bendigo Advertiser, January 2. An Inhuman Mother.—A gross case of neglect and cruelty on the part of a mother to her child, is recorded by the Majorca Independent. A woman named Mrs Nutall, left her house on Sunday morn- ing, having first locked up in the dwelling a little boy of about six years of age, without giving him any food. She did not return to her home, but on Tuesday evening the poor little fellow was dis- covered by some women living near, who imme- diately broke open the place, and released the little prisoner. The inhuman mother had been during all that time away drinking, and the father is absent at St. Arnaud, at work. The child was nearly starved, as was also his only companion in captivity, a poor cat, whose piteous cries attracted the notice of the neighbors. The police have taken the case in hand. Fire at Ballaarat.—A fire broke out on New Year's day at the rear of Creighton's oil and kero- sene warehouse, in Mair-street, and the fire-bells speedily alarmed the town, a feat the more easily performed with such torrid heat prevailing as that with which the new year opened. It appears that by some means not clearly ascertainable by our re- porter, a number of boxes became ignited in the yard, and the fire got hold af the fence dividing the premises from the Balmoral Hotel yard adjoining. Fortunately, however, water was available in abun- dance, and the Western brigade, not having far to run, was quickly on the spot, and secured the ex- tinction of the flames. As the stock in trade on the premises is of so highly combustible a nature, it is a matter for congratulation that the fire was so soon got under. Nevertheless the occurrence is a serious one at this season in so densely crowded a part of the town, and it should he inquired into by the authorities.—Ballaarat Star, January 2. Rather too Industrious.—Our attention has been again called to the practice the Chinese have, on some of the municipal roads, of sweeping and scraping off every particle of dust and debris for the purpose of washing the same, to extract what little gold it may contain. We can see no fun in the council expending money to put material on the roads merely to let the Chinese take it off. On the road past Seymour's store, the sharp edges of the cleanly swept metal make it not only a caution to the feet of tbe poor horses, but, in the event of a spill, would present dangers of a different kind. Some years ago, Mr Freeman, then an officer of the council, successfully prevented the nuisance. There would be no reason why the Chinese or others should not be allowed to get gold in this way, but under certain conditions. We believe it to be the practice in some other districts for permission to be given, provided the removers should, in the room of the stuff taken away, place a sufficient quantity of the tailings, or other material, on the road. Some such plan could easily be adopted here.—Tarren- gowcr Times, January 1. The Murder in Ballaarat. — Mr G. W. M'Grath, builder, of Daylesford, informs the Daylesford Ex press that he believes Patrick 0'Meara or O'Mara, the man supposed to have been murdered by Denis Murphy, near Bungaree, to have been his brother-in- law. Mr M'Grath last saw O'Meara in Kyneton about eight years ago, and he left there with the intention of going to Ararat, and subsequently Bal laarat. M'Grath married one sister of O'Meara, and sergeant M'Cormick, of the Melbourne police, the other. Patrick O'Meara, the brother-in-law of M'Grath, was born in Killaloe, Ireland, and came out in the Donald M'Kay, about the year 1856. His age would now be about twenty-eight years. M'Grath's description from memory of his brother -in-law tallies with that in the Gazette. M'Grath says O'Meara had round features, brown hair, blue eyes, prominent teeth, fresh-colored complexion, was well-proportioned, and halted on the inner side of the right foot. The description iu the Gazette is — Age, twenty-seven ; height, 5 ft. 7 in. ; weight, about 11 stone ; dark brown hair, prominent features, teeth, &c.; Should O'Meara be still alive, though M'Grath has no doubt his brother-in-law was the man murdered, any person communicating the fact to Mr M'Grath will confer a great favor upon him. The Goats and the Triangles.— To-day a most abominable and cruel regulation relating to goats depasturing on the Beechworth United Town and Goldfields' Common comes into force. This ukase, promulgated by whose authority we know not, is we believe to the effect that every goat must wear on its neck a triangle made of three pieces of wood, each piece two feet six inches long and one inch wide. The ostensible reason for this yoke being imposed on these poor animals is to prevent them from getting through fences and into private gar dens and domains. The cruelty of this regulation can be at once seen by any person who calmly looks at the matter, for the poor animals will in many instances have as much as they can do to nibble the grass, and in some cases it will be totally impossible for them to lay down. Granted the goats are a nuisance, but it does not therefore follow that they should be cruelly illtreatcd. If they do commit any damage, it is their owners, not the poor brutes, who should be punished, that is, if punishment is really deserved. We much doubt, however, if either the goats or their owners are de serving of punishment. The fault rests with those who have charge of the common and allow goats to depasture on the streets at all, for if the fees are levied for the privilege, why should not those who pay the fees be entitled to get a fair equivalent ? — O. and M. Advertiser, January 1. Incendiarism. — From yesterday's Geelong Adver tiser we leam that the proprietor of the Argyle Hotel, at which there was a fire a short time since, states his belief that the fire was the work of an incendiary, and that on Tuesday night, at ten mi nutes to ten p.m., an attempt was made to set fire to the premises again, but the fire was discovered and put out. The Daylesford Express of the 29th ult. says : — Last night, Henry Septimus Hartley was ar rested at the Dry Diggings, on information, by De tective Walker, charged with complicity in the burning of the Belle Vue Hotel, San dridge-street. Respectable bail was offered for his liberation, but refused. Warrants are out for other persons on the same charge. Since then Mr Hartley was liberated, on giving £1000 se curity to appear, with two sureties of £500 each. On the same day Mr George Patterson was arrested ot Chewton on a similar charge, but was admitted to bail on giving a similar amount of security, with Mr M. Johnston as his surety for £1000 more. George Carringham, in custody, as the alleged in cendiary, was brought up again on Saturday, and remanded for a week. Mr Dunne, who appeared for the Crown, however, stated that he would pro bably be able to go on with the case on Thursday. Mr Patterson is about to adopt measures that may lead to prosecution for conspiracy. More Fires at Ballaarat. — Last night's Bal laarat Post supplies the following : — " Shortly after two o'clock to-day a small tenement, the name of the owner of which has escaped us, situated be tween the shaft of the Band of Hope Company and the Miners' Race-course paddock, was burnt to the ground. The fire brigade mustered, but before they could reach the spot, the total destrnction of the place had occurred. Scarcely had the inhabi tants of the town recovered their alarm when the bell again rang out, and a rush was made to Peel street, the kitchen and back premises of the shop of Mr D. Macrae, draper, having caught fire. Water and means to use it were close at hand, and the flames were subdued, not, however before the part of the premises where the fire would seem to have originated was destroyed. Yesterday afternoon the row of buildings in Main street known as M'Donald's buildings, had a narrow escape from fire. By some means a number of boxes at tbe rear of Creighton's oil and kerosene warehouse became ignited, and the flames extended to the fence dividing the premises from the Bal moral Hotel. The members of the brigades turned out with several reels of hose, and an abundant supply of water being obtainable, the conflagration was fortunately subdued. Mr Creighton may be congratulated upon his lucky escape from loss, his misfortunes through the devouring element having previously been very severe. A Most Amusing Snake story has been brought under our notice. It appears that on Christmas day a servant in the employ of a well-known black smith, residing at Cardigan, was sent by the mis tress of the house to the dairy, where a cellar had been sunk for the purpose of keeping the milk cool. On this occasion the girl was engaged in carrying a quantity of pastry, &c.;, intended to be used on the afternoon of the same day, to regale a number of the host's friends. After arranging the greater portion of the luxuries referred to, the girl, in turn ing round from the shelf whereon the viands, &c.;, had been placed, discovered to her horror and amazement that she had nearly trodden on a snake. Although a recent arrival, she had heard of the deadly nature of the animal, and was so terrified that she jumped on the shelf, thereby destroying the greater portion of the good things she had placed there for preservation from the heated atmosphere. The good woman of the house, who was close by, rushed to the rescue, not of the girl, but of the broken crockery : but on seeing his snakeship, fainted without notice, much to the an noyance of her better half, who, on arriving, imagined that much rejoicing had made, them mad, but, on discovering the cause, quickly despatched the intruder, which proved to be of the black spe cies, and about eighteen inches long. Both the fe males remained in a state of insensibility for some time, and the servant, who was apparently disgusted at the position in which she found herself, left with out notice. — Grenville Advocate, January 1. A VERY SERIOUS ACCIDENT, coupled with a large amount of ingratitude, happened on Saturday even ing, when a fine horse, the property of a farmer re siding near Warmambool, was nearly killed. It seems the carter, a man named Keogh, brought into Talbot a three-horse load of produce, and having disposed of it, proceeded to get drunk. While in this state he started homeward, but nature being overcome by deep potations, he fell asleep, and on waking found his waggon in the midst of the old workings on the Red-hill, and one of the horses jammed in a twelve-feet hole. An alarm was raised, and some dozen or two miners endeavored by the aid of ropes to extricate the animal from its disagree able position. This was found to be impracticable, and the driver, becoming now thoroughly anxious for the safety of his horse, and being fully alive to the extent of his own culpability in the matter, offered £5 if the men would get the horse out by any means. The offer was accepted, picks and shovels were called into requisition, and, after some hours of very hard work, the ground was com pletely paddocked out, and the horse liberated, for tunately with only a few superficial injuries. But after this work had been accomplished, it was found that no money was forthcoming, though it was known Keogh had money on him at the time. The aid of senior-constable M'Parland was called in to induce the rascal to keep his promise, but without avail ; the fellow (who had never lent a helping hand himself) starting off, leaving behind him in place of the well-earned £5 only an I O U for the amount. — Talbot Leader, January 1. The Harvest. — Harvest operations are being rapidly proceeded with. In some of the early dis tricts at Faraday, Mount Alexander, Sutton Grange, and Harcourt, the cutting of the crop will be finished in about eight days. Harvest men have been ob tained readily at 30s per week, and in some cases less. Crops at Redesdale and Glenhope are likewise far advanced. At the former place labor was not plentiful, but the farmers over came the difficulty by joining with neigh boring farmers to get the reaping machine from Barfold. Contracts at 13s per acre for reaping by machine were made, contractors finding men and the farmers rations. The harvest in the parish of Redesdale will last about ten days more. At Glen hope, the crop being very early the farmers were lucky ; the greater part of the work was done for 25s per week with rations, and very heavy crops were hand-reaped at 17s per acre. Some of the crops have been cut unripe, with a view of getting the grain to market. What effect this will have on the quality or price yet remains to be ascertained. The question at present is being discused in many quarters. Apropos of the harvest labor ques tion, we give precisely as it occured a conversation between eight men camped on the roadside be tween Kyneton and Heathcote, about eighteen miles from the former and fourteen from the latter. Farmer : Mr M'L (proprietor of 300 acres standing crop) : Do you want work, men ? Laborer : Yes, what wages are you giving ? Farmer : 25s at pre sent ; I might give more by-and-bye. I have got six men at 25s, and will give you the same. Laborer: We want 35s. Farmer : I will not give that ; I can get plenty men for less. And so ended the conver sation. This farmer's crop of 300 acres is about __ for reaping, but not a sickle has been put into it yet, his fears being very slight about getting plenty of men at any time. — Daily News, January 1. Destructive Fire at Bendigo. — The store and dwelling of Mr Johnson, at the head of Eaglehawk, was burned to the ground on New Year's morning, about one o'clock. A few of the neighbors had been in the house, which was at the rear of the store, seeing the old year out and the new year in, according to the custom in Scotland, but they did not remain long, and Mrs Johnson retired to bed. Mr Johnson, after seeing that everything was locked up safely, also re tired to tbe bedroom, carrying the lighted candle he had been using in his band. While speaking to his wife the candle somehow came in contact with the curtains of the bed, when they blazed up at once, and in three minutes the whole place was in flames. Mrs Johnson escaped in her nightdress, and Mr Johnson dashed into a room where he had money collected for the payment of accounts which fell due about the first of the month, but the melting zinc on the roof dropping on his back and burning him, while the flames were threatening him all around, he was compelled to run out without saving any thing. There was plenty of water in the tank, and willing hands ready to help, but so speedy was the destruction that nothing could be saved. The build ing was a wooden one and dry as tinder. Consider able sympathy has been expressed for Mr Johnson, who is much respected, and who by this misfortune has lost the fruits of some ten years labor. Neither the building nor stock was insured, and the loss is estimated at something like £500, of whish a con siderable portion was in money and gold, which, as before stated, Mr Johnson was gathering up to meet his accounts coming due. — Bendigo Advertiser, January 2. A Nice Lot.— Some time ago, public attention was called to a disgraceful scene which occurred near Gibraltar, arising from the unexpected return from New Zealand of an injured husband, Mr W— . to his faithless wife, who had been consoled in his absence by a gay Lothario, named A — . Our readers may remember that the infuriate husband pur sued the destroyer of his household happiness (who was almost in a state of nudity at the time) across sludge dams and water pools, until he effected his escape under cover of the darkness of the night. The husband then returned, and, after thrash ing his wife for her infidelity, again left his home. It now appears that after W — 's second departure, A — soon found his way back to the habitation of the wife, and took up his abode with her as before. Thus the adulterous pair lived together, in apparent security, till Sunday last, when, like the ghost in Don Juan, to mar their happiness, the husband again made his appearance, accompanied by a horse and dray, for the purpose of taking the wife of his bosom and his household gods away from the sphere of A — 's attractions. The second act of the domestic drama then commenced by W — adminis tering to his wife a sound connubial " lambasting," while the cause of the mischief, A — , sat on a heap of tailings a short distance off, and gave vent to his excited feelings in a flood of briny tears. At length, thinking that the chastisement had gone far enough, he delicately interfered by poking in at the door a pole some ten feet in length, following up the attack with a shower of stones. The weep ing Helen was then permitted to step outside in rather a state of dishabille, and while she dressed A — went in and " bearded the lion in his den." A combat ensued of the most determined description, both combatants being covered with wounds and blood. After a while, however, an adjournment was made by all the parties to a neighboring store, where some slight refreshments were partaken of, and the disconsolate lady asked the advice of the bystanders as to what her course of conduct should be. " How happy could I be with either, were t'other dear charmer away," was the burden of her lament, and it was evident that of the two, the illegal lord was most to her liking ; but legitimacy conquered, and she agreed to accompany her husband to other fields and pastures new. A most affecting tableau took place when the farewell began between those who had "loved not wisely but too well;" and kneeling down, like Norma, A — , in tones tremulous with emotion, commended the (his) child to the care of its fond mother. Part of the house was then pulled down, the chariot was mounted by the re united pair, and A — was left lamenting. — Majorca Independent, January 1. Romance in Real Life. — A Taradale correspon dent of the M. A. Mail sends the following : — " A rather romantic incident occurred on board the Great Britain, on her arrival in the Bay last Wed nesday — and thereby hangs a tale. In the earlier days of the gold discoveries, one of the sons of a very respectable family, living somewhere among the fens of Lincolnshire, was afflicted severely with the gold fever, and with little ado made his adieus, and sailed for the sunny shores of Australia Felix, Of course, like most of us, he only intended to stay here for a year or two, just long enough to make his pile. However, he arrived safely, and, hardly deigning to look at Melbourne, rushed up the coun try to secure some of the big nuggets that were waiting to be picked up. Well, he didn't make his pile all at once, but stopped here long enough to become " quite colonial." That is, in the first place, he dropped writing home to his relatives altogether, — donned a red sash and a pair of " Miller's moles " — many a time and oft, with his swag for his pillow, made his resting place the questionable shelter of a sheoak, or the odorous shade of a peppermint bush, and woke up in the morning to find himself the cynosure of the eyes of thousands of "bulldogs," upon whose nest he had planted his not very elegant " watertights," with his feet in them. He had also acquired consi derable experience in the arts of wood-splitting, shepherding, diamond-cracking, &c.;, and had once emulated the profession of a literateur, by supply ing the current gossip of the village he was then in to the nearest newspaper, at the handsome remu neration of 7s 6d per column. Being out of luck about the time of the starting of the waterworks, our hero sought and obtained employment on one of the contracts, where we will leave him while we mention that toward the latter end of 1865 his father died, and had left his property, which was very consider able, to be divided amongst his three sons. The propria persona of the wanderer, was required before the terms of the will could be earned out, and accordingly strenuous efforts were made to discover his whereabouts, but without effect, till one day his eldest brother — of course the scapegrace was the youngest son — heard that he had been seen at a cer tain small digging township in Victoria, and with this faint clue determined to brave tHe dangers of the deep, and search for the lost one himself. Well, our hero, who we left on the waterworks, by dint of careful economy had managed to save a few pounds, and at Christmas determined to take advantage of the cheap trains and enjoy a trip to Melbourne. His limited means would not, however, allow of the pur chase of a holiday suit, and so, not to be spoiled of his pleasure, he went down " in the rough." Being at Sandridge, and hearing of the arrival of the Great Britain, he thought he would like to have a look at the good old steam ship, and so chartered a small boat to take him on board. Arrived there, curiosity prompted him to inspect the passenger list, and, glancing through the names, one met his astonished gaze which rather startled him. Could it be his steady-going eldest brother, who never, to his knowledge, had been twenty miles from home ? He would inquire. The first person he reached he accosted with the query, did he know so-and-so on board. " That's my name." " But you aint Charley __ , of __?" " Yes, I am ; but (looking at the seedy habiliments of his interrogator, and at the same time a gleam of doubtful remembrance of the features passing through his mind) you can't be Ted ? ?" Mutual recognition followed, and tho astonished and delighted pair made the best of their way on shore, and will, we believe, our hero having thrown up his billet on the waterworks, soon make tracks for the vicinity of the fens, where the unsuccessful gold-digger will be able to settle down comfortably in opulence and, we hope, happiness. 