<ferattncr mtir Crates. THURSDAY, Awul 4, 1867. Wm> does not recall to mind at times F' BO quiets more" of the greatest M .philosophising novelists of the pre sentdty.' IJotft fish in quiet waters, don't stir up-the mind ythc bottom of the pool. We £d^ot this, perhaps, salutary ad viae, and dire were our mischances. Hooted and groaned at, insult of divers character heaped upon j Tib, hustled from onr horse, gibbetted ' in effigy under the vety arch that wit nessed the Governor's glorious recep jtiob,effigy cut down and burnt "an auto da fe" in the public square, and lastly (our ghost) serenaded with a band of music and more exciting groans than ever in the early morning hoars, (albeit, we only report this on hearsay being ourselves oblivious in the aims of " Murphy,") we received ad ovation to which in earnestness that of his Excellency was decidedly inferior. Qnch as these, may we pre sume, be called popular honours. Such is the mode which one of our active opponents terms John Bull, and wju$h we rather take to be Jonathan. It is not an unusual thing for a dozen or so ef roughs to bully on editor in the happy backwoods of the United States, to thrash'bim, sack his office, spoil his types, &e.;, for expression of opinion adverse to that of the ruler mob, but we did not believe Jhe custom was finding its way amongst us so soon. Happy democracy! Patron to the minutest part of the right of the brute majority! There remains the one com fort for ns, however, the intellectua minority will force that glorious princi ple step by step back to its right place. And bow or why? Because simply democracy is penniless and needy, because it has no virtues, and can be bought and sold\ and because its greatest opponents spring eventually from its own bosom. Every mail ot thrift enough to put by a pound, quits j that side for the other, because he has foresight which democracy never pos sesses, I What an opinion must not our co temporaries elsewhere entertain of the j civilisationvvliichWarwick has achieved j when they read of and hear the ac- j counts of the late proceedings, wheu j they learn that the author of the perso nal attack upon us through the columnB of a local contemporary counts as one of the leaders of the place, and when they are told of aldermen and their wives patronising in the small hours the hanging of our effigy 011 the bridge and'its burning, to the accom panimen t of sweet melodious music. And for what f For the expression simply of an independent opinion as to the proper mode cf [receiving ft governor. Long live democracy, say we, may its shadow never be less. There is an argument which it may confess the force of- our money. Are we no bene fit to the community 1 Surely what ever our peculiar views may be, it should be taken into consideration that we circulate a fair sum in the town and neighbourhood. Those who are loudest voiced in the matter can scarely im agine that their small individual contri bution to ue is not overborne many fold by our expenditure with them. Perhaps I io these dull times some few round hun dreds are worth hating in a small town like this. It is true, this is perhaps a course view of the matter, but we ques tion if democracy appreciates any i other. Amreu much plunging, rearing, shying, , bolting, and kicking over the traces, consequent upon the late " coaching the Governor, the team which draws the *' dilly carrying four insides" has begun to settle at length to its ordinary I prosaic work, albeit the Irodets yet (look somewhat disquietedly askance, j with backward laid ears not extremely 1 indicative of a happy state of mind. Keeping step is not altogether going in accord, and t&e; driver will need for j awhile to keep the ribbons with rather j tenacious fives, for wo fear much that there are nasty bits of road ahead, and to be passed in a dark and dusky state of the atmosphere. We are glad for our own part to see the Corporation at its ordinary work, and heartily wish that we could on all occasions find ourselves as much in accord with it ee we do at present. We j can but concur in the motion marks of Mr. Aid. BMDEN, one of the team whose ears are always "shifty," and who indulges in a sly kick now and then " only to dislodge a fly you know, in respect to the condition andneces «ly of repairs to the principal street in a town which is assuming the preten sions that Warwick is doing. More especially do we second the remarks of Aid. BboWH, which disclose a state of things in connection with the Cemetery not M. all creditable to those on whom the task of supervision falls. It is a matter for prompt investigation and remedy. The exigencies of our daily life do undoubtedly lead us oft to for-1 get those who have gone before, and i that this should be the case was doubt- | less intended by Providence as an alle- j viation and a blessing. But these same j unfortunately tend coarsen | our sometime remembrances. We Bhould undoubtedly strive against this, and permit the finer feelings of our humanity to have their development. Writers with more sense of gross humour than delicacy have remarked that battle-fields manured with the blood and bones of the victims have produced unexampled crops of com, which has been, gathered and etffco in due coarse. When we read Alderman BroVn'8 statement the com parison is forced upon us, however, dis tasteful the idea may be. A short time since a Licensed Victualler's Association was formed in Brisbane. What but become or it ? We have heard nothing of it since, yet it will Jave to be active against the new uoremtnt of fiom^ilsion termed permissive. Mr. Bonne tbe contractor arrested on warrant issued by Mr. J. G. White, P. M., of Toowoomba, for arrears of wages doe to certain navvies, was brought up on Wednes day last before his Honor Mr. Justice Lut wyche on a writ of Habeas Oorput and die charged, the arroet having been improperly made. His Honor advised the police to borrow or buy a copy of the Habeas Oorpvt Act, and to study it well, especially with reference to tbe penalty of £600 upon tho re- arrest of a prisoner after hie discharge under a writ of Unbent (Jorpnu. 