1'llK'ESTAUON TO TIIE UEV. VV. C. S.VWVUK. Wa iix Ti'tii'i idpe lid's Gazette, jivw u 4.} KojwiTHSTANDtjro the extraordinarily unpropitious slate of (be weather, on Wednesday evening — the ground bciu? knee dtep in'scovr— a gobSly few of the Kridgo (Jraes parishioners asstaibled together at the schoolrojin. to wit ness tlio presentation of r testimonial end presents W t.beii Ir.te curate, tbe Rev. W. C. Sawyer, who is soon lo K1 con secrated si- bishop of the new eeeof Armidale and Graiton, I Kew Scu'.k Vira!e3. The testiuiOEia] Is sn e&pronrtete; address, b^atifstl!? printed end ornetcecleu by the ladies of Eridgc Ciatie, ani enclosed itt »u eic-pant 1'ieme, aad is accompanied by a i;!ir -.l-. metjt scroll, ti^jned by tbe Farithionere, Thepretents consibt oi a superb inkstand in Tur.bridgs ware, e most fitting presont, from the iocalitv famous rcrthil kind of mKnuiaclure; a purse containing ifj 0, the proceeds of r gutbuicg amongst the parishioners and frieudE oi' their mutb respected minisler ;.snd an Etrusca;! card pUte, a grc- i-c-ut tiurii Litdy Thompson, Frunt iiectoiy. Tbe meetir.g opened by singing a very appropriate kyrnti selected by the ftev. Sir Henry ThorapBSn, who, as rural dean, kindly tihi.:iBted, in (be absence ot the incunibcnt, whs is at present staying ir. Erightcc. Sir Henry, upon rising, expressed bis deiiabt to meet s'i many persons upon such a boisterous night, and then proceeded to remiEd them of ths lime when they hsd only a reoni in one of the housos of the village, where' he used' to come and address thorn ccci« siocailj-, ar»d cow congratulated them upon the progross tney bad made, having now a nice scnooi ana an elegant little chnrcU. He begged them not to feel undue I- JH-JW that ove ef their ministers was io be removed from them, as he was sure to rise to a more exalted sphere beJ ppsitioE, as it was generally termed, although he (Sir Hoary) thought no one could potsess a better Gffice on earth th£s preaching and teaching the Word of Life ; and whether ho be I'fchop, deanfdeacon, or prelate, if a true minister of the Gospel, God would equally l:!ess and reward him, Sir Henry, who spoke very fluently, concluded by presenting (he articles io Mr. Sawyer, and regretting his inability to express the love and gratitude I'olt towards hiia fey the people of Bridge Green. The Rev. W. C. Sawyer then row, and atke.' Go-i to enable him to sav tbe rieht thin?, for he expressei bimsc-lf totally unatle to speak as he felt, But efter a short time he proceeded in hie usual bumble and feeling elyle of address to thank those present for their kindness upon this occKion, and also during his fivt years -f ministration amongst tbcm ; for, be said, he hsd never received one unkind word, or even a black look, from oev of thein during the whole time. He next commented uj-ctr the difficulties to be encountered nr. -I tho resptnsibilities attendant upon his promotion, ns the dioeceo is oesrlj' three times os large as England and Wales. Ami as he wes'to be ths first bishop and ell tbe ministers would be chosen by him, of course ho would, as it were, stamp the character of the diocese for the future. And he preyed (hat God would indeed fill bim with the Holy Ghost, that be migbt be fully -«inpercnt to discharge the duties iu a proper manner. ' He then spoke of the need he would bava of the devout prayers of his old parishioners, and prayed that the all-wite Creator would always send them t-u'hful and devout pastors to instil His Holy Won] into their hearts; He also expressed- e wish that the £50 might, be n present from the Bridge Church to (he Church at Grafton ; but Sir Henry Thompson here interrupted him. by saying }ie had received particular instructions upon that point, anS it was to be a gift to' Mr, Sawyer himself, although be was, of couree, at liberty to dispose of itas be liked. Mr. Sawyer then concluded- his spich in a very feeling maimer. Another hymn was then sung, when Sir Henry pronounced a short prayer, end the meeting separated. ; Mr. H. Fibbbb's Stud,— The Argus of 2lst instani, gives the following account of the sale, at Tdtterftali'u on the previous day, of Mr. Fisher's celebrated race horsej : — Fishhook, by Fisheiman — Marchioness, by Melbourne, was 'the first offered; and he walked round the roped eiic.le with a, grand air, as be surveyed the crowd, and as Sir. Tattersall read over his proud achievements. Fifteen hun dred guineas waa the first bid, fallowed by one of 100 mora ; then one of 1700 guineas, 1750 guineas, 1800 guineas, ou j eventually 1900 guineas, to which Bid the hammer fell, but -the buyer had disappeared. Eventually the. colt was knocked ,dpwn to Mr. G. Lewis's bid of 1800 guineas; and it was said (hat Fishhook was bought for China eventuitly, but willnotat present I tave Australia. . Angler, 4 years old, pwn- brother to Fishhook, was next brotightout for sale, aud after biddings beginning at a moderate 100, and going ou through 110, 120, 150, 200, 250, 303, 350, 450, 500. fell at last to the bid of Mr. Hamilton, a breeder in tbe Westers District, neaiiPecola, very ch$ap at 520 guineas. It was noticed that this wae exactly the price at which Ferryman, previously used iu tho llaribyraong Stud, waB sold ia lost yearjs side, to Mr. V. N. Mogg, in another part of tha colony. Smuggler, the conqueror of Volunteer, in ths race, for the Queen's Plate in Melbourne, in N ovem . ber j last, .was next brought on the scene, Tho first bid ;wae 200, the next doubled that offdr, aud after successive bids {if fire, six, /even, eight, sod nine hunflred guineas, he wae knocked down to |Mr. G. Lewis et the latter figure. The Dane was the next horse introduced into the. arena, and he rapidly passed through minonubidB up to 300 guineas, .Offered .by Mr. P. J. Ktigh rac, (o whom this ' hitherto urilucky borse was knoakei down. The offers forSoagul), who' wni next put up, only reached 500 guineas, and the auctioneer announced that tbe fiilyiwas bought in; and further, that 'seeing there was no competition for the lots, the remainder were withdrawn ; but Mr, G ? Watsob was open to treat with purehasc-ra for the animals at anything like their valua, for . it ' was' Mr. Fisher's doslrc to Bell, - and to distribute lbs valuable blood in the Marlbyrnong fetud throughout the citlonies. In regard of a want of public spirit'bclng shown by the wealthy horse-breeders of Vic toria end the neighbouring colonies, the second sale at Maribyraong muet be pronounced to have been a failure. But while (hero is one thing to regret, viz,, that Mr. C. 1!, Fisher should have parted with any of Fisherman's blood, to compete with what he has left of it ; thore is yet some thing else left to requite us, viz., that Mr. Fisher's colours pill not yet he lost to the Victorian turf, and that, de9plto recent contretemps, .naturally likely to 'disgust the bast patrons of the Turf, in weight for age races at least tho blue spots oifwblte will always hold their own. Lies. Disiueh,— The Queen tolls very neatly a charac teriitic anecdote of Mr. Disraeli 1* A statesman's beet ally ia acleverjrife; and, although one d06S nothearmuchaboat her, the wife of tbe present Chancellor of the Exchequer is said to be a very efficient ' helpmate. Sotue days ago a deputation went'to Hughendon to ash Mr. Disraeli to take the chair at some charitable dinner. They were reoeived bvthe lady of the house, who, after hearing them, replied ' Well, gentlemen, I will Jay what you say before Mr. Disraeli, but I cannot give you tnuch hope of a favourablo answer; for, wbat with this Reform Bill and ohe thing and another, he is eo bus^ that he has scarcely time to speak to me.' Ot count) it was not by accident that this little revelation wae made, and it was very neatly dono.' Cojstkmvt ot CouhT.— An amusing incident Doounci in (he Mudgee Court of Quarter Sessions, on Wednesday. Mr. Lee in addressing, tho jury for the defence in Snow ani. Stevens's case, had occasion to illuetrato his argument by puttfng an absurdity with respect to a man riding some ex traordinary distances, An unfortunate wight in the body of the Odurt was so struck by the monstrosity of the simile, that he could not help expressing hit disbelief in tbe fe*i of horsemanship by loudly exclaiming, ' I am sure be oould nut. do it,' Be was promptly brought before his JE^onor. and. sen t , to, the s?aol for bentempt, to the auju^s - tae&t; of the spectators,— ffostern Pout. 