AMERICA. A CHAPTER OP THE HORRIBLE. A Memphis paper narrates the following I homblo incidents in MUsiggippi life "Thrpe or four days have elapsed since the dork and horrid transactions narrated below: transpired at or near h'lewelling's X .Roads, Mississippi. A young lady of the highest respectability and most amiable character, was proceeding to a neighbour's house, where a party, to which she had been invited, was given, when she was overtaken by a negro man and forcibly drawn from the high road into the woods, her cries stifled by a cloth of some sort passed over her mouth. Taken to a secluded and desolate spot, she was tied by the negro, and there detained for a week, while the black scoundrel effected his vile purpose, without the miserable victim being able tc offer the slightest resistance. Two men who were out hunting unexpectedly came upon her, still tightly bound and alono. Her captor had left her at the moment, either to procure food or pur sue some other purpose. Learning from tho wretched girl the circumstances of the atrocity practised upon her, they concealed themselves until he should return. Nor had_ they long to wait; and, upon his coming, they at once seized and secured him. Believing that the victim should pronounce sentcnco upon him, they awaited her decree. It was to flay him alive. They at once proceeded with their hunting knives to relieve him of his epidermis. The forest resounded with his cries and imprecations as they stripped the skin from tho soles of his feet to Ms body. By the time they had progressed to his middle, nature could stand no more, but completely exhausted, yielded up the ghost—the mon ster dying a most horrible death. The girl was conveyed to her liome, where everything was done to relieve her suffering but she died the next day in great anguish." THE 3IKS LINCOLN SCANDAL. The great scandal which has been caused by Mrs Lincoln coming to New York to sell various valuable shawls, dresses, and (.diamonds; that ..were presented to -her during the President's lifetime, has grown to huge proportions. Mrs Lincoln placed these goods, which she valued at 24,000 dolls, in the hands of an auctioneer, and directed him to take them to various per sons in New York, for whom she declared that she had been instrumental in procur ing offices and other favours. These per sons refusing to buy them, she rushed into print and, in the columns of the New York newspapers, accused them of ingratitude,' and made a bittor attack generally upon everybody, because the Republic bad : not provided her with asufficient revenue. She" declared that the 50,000 dolls her husband left her and tho imcome of 1700 dolls an nually, the interest of the 25.000 dolls Con gress voted lier on her husband's death, was not- sufficient to support her, and or dered her auctioneer to expose'her. goods at public, sale. Of course the story was dressed u^ in the gaudiest style of the sen sation press, and it was not long before it produced - a: general" outcry"; against Mrs Lincoln, who has never 'been1 held In* high estimation by the American people.' Tho goods were shown; in a shop on Broadway, and a ''great".. Crowd; examined them; but scarcely any one i purchased. .. The. news papers, after telling Mrs Lincoln's story, turned found and abused her, and tho many stories ': floating : about ■ in . gossip -circles duriug the war were re-hashed. The A cw -York .Commercial^ Adccrtiscr; tho editor of which;Tliurlow Weed, had been particularly taxed with ingratitude,: replied by stating that Mrs Lincoln was left in comfortable cir cumstances by her, husband, and. that the country, would have provided more munifi cently for her if "Mrs Lincoln herself, with every." advantage'that Mgh position gave her,- had mado.frionds or inspired respect." It then tolls how Mrs Lincoln sold 11 of the President's fine linen shirts almost before his body, shrouded in the twelfth, had started' for the grave; and that when Prince Napoleon was in this country the President and Secretary Seward both gave him dinners, the two entertainments being exact counterparts of each other, with the same number of guest and ordered from the same caterer, and while the Secretary paid 300 dollars for his dinner, 'Mrs Lincoln sent in a bill to the Interior De partment for 900 dolls, for the one at the White -House. This demand was wholly illegal, there being no appropriation to which it could be charged, and because it was not paid Mrs Lincoln quarrelled both with Secrotary Seward and the Secretary of the Interior; the bill, the Commercial Ad vertiser adds, being " subsequently covered up in a gardener's account." Tho scandal Has become so disgraceful that it is now stated that a number of gentlemen in New York, inspired by respect for President Lincoln's memory, have made up a purse: to buy Mrs Lincoln's goods, their intention' being to present her the money and the goods, and send her home, if such a thing is possible. . . ; An English paper statesWe understan that the number of persons held in captivit by King Theodore is 62, including wbme and children, many of these, however, ar not British subjects, but Germans. 