The Novelist. GRANTFORD GRANGE. CHAPTER VIII. THE GIPSY'S PROPHECY. BY MARY KYLE DALLAS. THERE were left beside the lake only the little Otho and his tutor. The latter had dismounted, and sat upon[?]a broken mass of grey sandstone. Until the graceful form of the lady Geraldine had disappeared from view, his eyes had re mained riveted upon her. When she was gone he covered them with his hand and remained motionless. * Little Otho stole toward him and stood watching him, with his young eyes grown solemn and earnest. Either the tutor had forgotten j his pupil's presence, or quite disregarded it, for j after a few moments he began to mutter to him self, and finally, lifting up his voice spoke aloud : " Unhappy wretch that I am. Must it be for ever ? That which Bhould be mine snatched from me by another. First, my name and fortune, now my love. Miserable, miserable man, why is this doom upon thee ?" As he spoke, he arose, clenched his hands and lifted them towards heaven. It might have been in prayer or in anathema. The wonder ing child gazed on. He was a brave, bright boy, and not easily alarmed. He liked his tutor. Sympathy was strong within his bosom, and he advanced toward him until he touched him with his little palm. At the touch the tutor started. "Don't feel bad—don't look so, Mr. Mal colm," said the child. "11l be a man soon— Kr. Otho Grantfbrd —and Til make the bad people give you back your fortune. Who has got your fortune, Mr. Malcolm ?" The tutor glanced downwards. His dark eye met the child's, bonny and bine as the skies above them. By an impulse he stooped and caught the little form close to him. In all his years of care and kindness, it was the first time be had ever caressed the boy. The little creature loved caresses. He stole his arm about his tutor's neck, and stood be tween bis knees, looking at him curiously. In a moment he spoke again : ** Who took your fortune, Mr. Malcolm ? Ton said some bad people had taken, first your fortune and then your love; who are they? Who is your lore? Rgsy used to be mine. Bosy is mine now—my true love; so Hagar •aid." "Bosy—Hagar! who are they?" asked the tutor. "Ho matter," said the child; "yon never •aw them. Is Geraldine your lore ?" The tutor gave a start. " Why do you ask ?" he said. " Because I can't think of any one else, and because you talked so long together, and Miss Henderson took her away. Miss Henderson isn't bad, though, is she ?" " Ho, Otho. Hush, child 9" The boy played with his tutor's dark hair. "No matter," he said. "I will be a man soou, and you shall have half my fortune, and we will take our true loves and run away into the greenwood and be gipsies—happy gipsies; and never look at books again, and never learn Latin. But first well kill the man who had your fortune. Who is he ?" As ha spoke a change came over the tutor's features. He trembled from bead to foot, and glared- upon the pretty face before him with the eyes of a maniac. " Kill," he said—" Kill him! Ah, to think how little lies between me and my heritage! A life—a little life ! So slight a thing that the close clasping of my hands about the neck would end it. A child's life! Asnd we are alone to gether, unless some ghost haunts these wilds. Alone—alone; and who would hear—who would see—who would fancy J had killed him! Ah, do you know what the demon whispers to me, little Otho Grantfbrd ? do you know, boy— do you knew ?" " You hurt me," cried the child—" you hurt mcl" v The clutch the tutor had fixed upon his arm relaxed. "Do I hurt you, child?" he said. " I did not mean to. Oh, no—l did not mean to. I love you; and yet I ought to hate you. I ought In the name of Heaven, what is ihatr* He spoke in the belief that an evil spirit had arisen before him. A moment's glance assured him that the face suddenly thrust into his own, and the long, lean, brawn band which clutched his arm, were human. From some lurking-place naM^by, the gipsy hag who had been seen by Miss Henderson in converse with the groom, had risen suddenly; her elf locks floating in the rising breeze, her brown face browner when contrasted with her scarlet hood. She peered into the young man's face and laughed. " Why so down-hearted, pretty gentleman ?'* she said. "That's not a face to bring a frown to any lady's. Sweet kisses come to such lips of themselves, and yon sit as though yon werf to be hung to-morrow. AH for a mas, and the lass loves yoH. Cross my hand with silver, amfTll tell you how to win her." The tutor fixed his eyes upon her and laughed harshly. "Ten gipsies fancy all trouble is for .love," be said. " There are other things tomato the •heart ache." " Love is the bane of half the world—gold of the other," said the gipsy. " Both work you UL A life between yon and gold, and a life between yon and love. Eh, but our gipsy lads win their loves, though they wade in blood to reach them." " Has the fiend who whispered but now to me been with thee?" asked the tutotj> The gipsy laughed, and ht&i; out her wrinkled hand again. " Cross my palm, pretty gentleman," she said> "and I'll read the stars for you. There are good things waiting for you. Cross my palm and yon shall hear them. Luck's in store for the pretty gentleman yet, or the stars lie." "If you read good in them for me, they lie indeed," said the tutor. " I was born under an evil planet. Disappointment has been mine from the cradbv Gipsy, if there be one star of evil omen beyond all others, that star is the star of my destiny. Black from the first, black to the last. Take your silver," and he flung a coin to her, " but keep your good predictions, your promises of love and gold, for some man hopeful enough to believe them. lam not." The hag caught at the silver and curtseyed. " Blessing on the pretty gentleman," she said, " and let luck come like a flock of swal lows. The gipsy's word always brings luck. It's coming over the sea to you, my pretty ' gentleman," and hobbling away, she disap peared from right. The tutor arose. "It is late, Otho," he said; "mount Shag and ride beside. I want to talk with you." The boy obeyed, and the two left the lake side together. They rode on in silence for some time. At last when in the fading sunlight the Tillage appeared in sight, the tutor paused. " You know the way to the Grange ?" he asked. "Yes, sir." j " You would not lose yourself wen Ito trust , you alone." " No indeed, sir." " I intend to send you home alone. I hare business elsewhere. Good bye, Otho." He took the little hand and held it. "If you were never to see me again, would you remember me, Otho ?" he asked. j "Always," said the boy. "But I shall tee you again, Mr. TMVdnsjm " "Can I tell? No one can be sore of any thing in this world." "So our curate, Mr. Helmstone, says. I don't believe it. I know I shall have the Grange for my own and be Lord Otho Grantford when lam big. It's my luck to have it, Hagar says. Hagar knows more than Mr. Helmstone." " Hagar again ?" The boy laughed. "No matter. I'm sure you'll come to dinner. I shall see you then. Good-bye." The tutor echoed the word : " Good bye." "There's to be plum-pudding at dessert," said the child; " and how Miss Henderson will scold if we're late. Hi, Shag!" And pony and his master turned toward the Orange and left the tutor sitting his hone like a statue carred in stone. It was fire minutes before he stirred. "Farewell, Lord Grantford—farewell," he said, at length. "little you guess how you hare wronged me. Is it fate, as the gipsies say, and are some men ' lucky' and some unlucky ? Who is he who is to hare my lore—my dear lore, who lores me? Madness! misery! If she hated me it would be easier to bear. Keep us apart, kind Heaven! for he is to be her husband ; and though I can bleas the boy who has stolen my heritage, I must curse—l must hate the man who weds Lady G-eraldine Osprey. Keep us apart, I pray, lest I slay him! She is right —I must go." He lifted his hands toward the sky, cast a wild glance upon the distant towers of Grant ford Grange, muttered: " Nameless—loveless—accursed! Surely a ban is upon me!" And then, setting spurs to his horse, galloped away at a rate which raised clouds of white dost upon the chalky road over which he flew. When he had gone at least bo far as to be out of sight aad out of hearing, a strange thing happened. From behind a little rising ground covered with young and stunted oaks emerged a form. Seen in the distance, it appeared like some odd monster, but on a nearer approach the last golden rays of the sunset revealed a wild-looking Shetland pony with a boy upon his back. It was little Otho and his favorite Shag. Advancing slowly at first, and looking cautiously about him, the boy appeared to fear observation or detection. But soon discovering the coast was clear, he tossed his little Scotch cap in the air, gave a shrill, childish cheer, and urging Shag to his utmost speed, galloped straight back to the margin of the lake. Chapto IX Asmova Horn. Dnraro was waiting at the Grange. The cook angry at a delay which ruined a pet dish; Miss Henderson struggling between a sense of decorum and a good appetite; and Otho and his tutor not yet returned. The lady just mentioned paced the floor and glanced from the windows and rented her decorous wrath in words as decorous. " Highly improper. A wftit of punctuality is a sad thing in one who undertake* the in struction of youth. Sad indeed. Mr. Malcolm should remember that. We have waited for him twice to-day, love.'* Geraldine arose. "Let us dine alone,** she said. "Thereis no need of waiting." And glad of the excuse, she led the way to the dining-room. To meet Lionel that day, as they were wont to meet, she felt would hare been too severe a trial The meal passed in silence. Miss Header son's unusually sharp appetite prevented her from noticing that Geraldine made the merest pretence of eating. And when it was over both ladies adjourned to the parlor. Even through the heavy windows and dropped curtains they could hear the rising storm-wind blowing from the lake shore. And Miss Hen derson listened with more and more impatience. "The child will certainly catch cold," she said. " I must say Mr. Malcolm, though so very agreeable in his manners, does not do his duty. He does not encourage solid qualities in his pupil; though in his education Otho im proves." " Yes, he does improve. He is a fine boy— a very promising child. The only thing that troubles me is his wildness and a certain gipsy look; like his mother's, my dear—exactly like his mother's." "You think she actually was a gipsy, then, Miss Henderson ?" asked Geraldine. " Something very odd, at least, my dear." " Did she love my uncle ?" " Bless me, my dear, when a lady is fond of her husband does she run away from him ?" " Certainly not. She might, though, if she hated him. Fancy the life a woman would lead bound to one whose every look and tone disgusted her. Fancy the acts a woman might be forced to by her abhorrence. The horrible shame which would possess her—the " She paused, hiding her face in her hands; and Miss Henderson, stupefied with amaze ment, regarded her for a few moments in utter silence. Then, folding her hands on her belt, she said firmly: "My love, no person of propriety would place herself in such a position. You are allowing your imagination to carry you away." Geraldine heard and forced a laugh, which musical as it was, had no mirthful ring. " I arn^an odd girl," she said. " Don't be angry with me. Of course you are right. No good woman would live for such a fate." The ladies had taken their seats before the low fire which, after eventide, had always been lighted in the parlor of the Grange, even in that bland autumn weather. To-night it was very acceptable, for the air had grown rapidly cold and piercing. Geraldine Bat gazing into it as though she could read her destiny in those blazing embers. And for a while silence reigned unbroken. The flickering blaze and the light of the wax candles on the chimney-piece made the apartment look cheerful; but without, the moaning of the ris ing wind gave token of an approaching storm; and as the gale grew stronger Miss HeniensjßV- arose and approached the window. Putting back the crimson curtains which veiled the panes, she looked out into the night, and strove to pierce the shadows which veiled tlie road by which little Otho and his tutor must return to the Grange. Light yet lingered in the leaden sky, and the dark masses of foliage whirled backward and forward as the trees bent before the blast; the whirling clouds of dust and the strange lurid glare upon the horizon so often the precursor of a rising tempest, were more sombre than total darkness would have been. Miss Hender son shuddered. " I trust Otho will come to no ill," she said. " It is very wrong of Mr. Malcolm." " 111 may have come to him .'" said Geraldine, in a low voice. "For aught you know, he may be detained by accident." "I hope not!" ejaculated the governess. "In that case, what would dear little Otbo do ? The child would be certainly lost!" Geraldine had risen, and stood at Miss Hen derson's side. It had grown darker in those few moments, and both ladies pressed closer to the window to decem the objects dimly visible without. From where they stood they could see the white road winding towards the lake, and upon it a dark object. " What is it ?" cried Ifiss Henderson. 0 "What is it?" echoed Geraldine. "I hear the tread of a hone," said the gor eraess. "How sfly I am, lore—they are coming." " One of them," said Geraldine, in a husky whisper. " There is but one hone; said that— oh, Heavenly Father, hare mercy—that is riderless!" And with one accord both ladies left the window, and fle^r towards the broad halL "Quick, quick!" cried Genidine. "To the gate—all of you—to the gate!" *' And a troop of frightened domestics had filled the hall, and dashed out into the night upon the instant There covered with foam, stood the hone upon which Lionel Malcolm had ridden from the Grange; the saddle displaced, and a few drops of blood upon his white main—blood, not his own, but human. At the sight of this Geraldine sank fainting into the arms of her governess. In the first panic, all that the terrified do mestics could do was to stare at each other, and utter lamentations. " There's been an accident!" " Where ? How did it happen ? When P" They asked questions, and found no answer- Miss Henderson alone retained some of the presence of mind on which she prided herself. "No time is to be lost!" she said. " Thomp kins, Peter, John—you three take lanterns, and go along the road. You, DOlworth, saddle a horse, and ride at your best speed for Dr. Lang forth; and you, Edwards, take the chaise, and request Mr. Helmstone to do us the favor of coming to the Grange. He will be a comfort to us, and I fear we shall need comfort." Having given these orders, Miss Henderson, assisted by the maids, conveyed the fainting form of Geraldine to her own apartment, where, fora longtime they administered restoratives 1 without avail. At but her eyes unclosed j life came slowly back ; and seeing her safe, Miss Henderson could not refrain from leaving the room, and joining the few domestics left below upon the porch. All distinctions were forgotten. They re membered only their mutual anxiety. The lady and the servants were only terrified women. Each found comfort in the other's presence. "Shag didn't come, you know Miss," said the cook. " Perhaps Otho ain't hurt at all." "The child would not leave his tutor; I know his disposition," said the housekeeper, Mrs. Mead. " Doubtless hell be found watch ing over him, Miss Henderson." "Heaven grant it!" said the governess. 'tWe should not hare left them alone; yet who could foresee thie!" The housemaid began to cry: " Poor Mr. Malcolm! such a pretty man, and so sweet spoken. On«j think of him lying dead oMhe road! Oh, gracious! oh, my! a ghost —«%faost!" She shrieked, and fled, for from the shadows, of the hall emerged a figure dressed in white with streaming hair, and clasped hands. It was Geraldine, dad in the snowy dressing-gown in which her maid had enveloped her. She had caught the last words, and repeated them: "Dead—dead—dead on the road! Oh, Lionel, Lionel—just as I had been so cruel to you! Oh, my love—my life—my treasure—do not die, not to-day! I shall never -cease to be miserable; I shall think myself your murderess. Oh! Lionel, Lionel." " She's certainly delirious," cried Miss Hen derson. And the weeping maid, who had followed her from her chamber, ejaculated: " Oh, Miss, lam sure she is. She frightened me so—she did indeed—that my heart was in my mouth. Oh my poor lady——" " Come back to your own room, Geraldine," said Miss Henderson, sternly. And Geraldine passively obeyed. The mo mentary excitement seemed gone, and all her strength with it. She allowed them to put her to bed as a weary child might hare done. —Only once she spoke: " Dead—is he really dead ?" " We know nothing yet, lore," said Mist Hen denon. " They may be both uninjured, or only slightly hurt." " But some one said he was lying dead upon the road. I heard some one say that" said Geraldine. " A mere surmise—a servant's foolish speech. Your cousin may be safe." "My cousin?" said Geraldine, dreamily. " Yes, yes—l forgot Otho. I hope the child is safe. Yes; Otho is not home yet." " Gracious goodness!" ejaculated Miss Hen derson, " forgot Otho. She must be mad." Geraldine said no more. Indeed, to those about her, she seemed to fall asleep. In reality it was not sleep, but stupor. The events of the day had been too much for her brain. She was already seriously ill, and in great danger; although, in the anxiety of the moment, the fan^y never entered any one's mind. In less than half an hour Mr. Helmstone arrived, hardly less agitated than were the in mates of the Grange. Shortly after Dr. Lang forth, the family physician, made his appear ance. The governess found comfort in the presence of these two gentlemen as women will in that of the sterner sex in times of trouble; yet they could do little but wait with her, watching from the window the rising storm, and listening in vain for the return of those who had gone forth from the Grange in search of the missing ones. ,By this timeaß Amesbury knew that tonift, accident had befallen little Otho and bis^Pator,* and men and boys, gentle and simple, had tuned out with lanterns and torches. These lights the watchers at the Grange could see dancing through the darkness, and they seemed to add to their anxiety and terror, for farther and farther they retreated, never paus ing, never advancing toward the Grange; and they knew by these signs that the lost ones were not found. Dr. Langforth took out bis watch and looked at it. It was nearly ten. " Growing late," he said. " I feel that lam doing wrong'in waiting idly here; yet should any serious accident have happened, it would be best for me to be at the Grange. This is very strange, Mr. Helmstone." "Strange and terrible," said the clergyman. " I would good news would come." . " The accident may have happenedhiear the lake itself," said Miss Henderson. "We went there to-day, and lady Geraldine and myself rode home, attended by Peter. They were to follow." "If that were so, we need not hope to see them for many hours," said the doctor. "In deed, in this storm they will hardly reach the spot at all." " The poor, poor child," said Miss Hender son, bursting into tears. "He will perish even if unhurt." " Nay; he's of sturdy stuff," said the doctor. "Have courage, Madam. Look—are the lights coming this way P" "It was but a false hope. Some of the party had paused to examine something, and they were going on again. At last one after the other vanished in the distance, and the watchers at the Grange saw nothing but the darkness. "Itis distracting," said Miss Henderson. " I thank Heaven Miss Geraldine sleeps through it." At this momenta shriek like that of a lost spirit echoed through the Grange, and the three who heard it sprang to their feet with one ac cord just as the door burst open and43eraldme's maid rushed in. " Oh, my poor lady," she cried. " Come, come, come." And Miss Henderson, with hasty steps, took the way to Geraldine's apartment, the physician and clergyman following her. Geraldine was lying upon her couch, her cheeks glowing, her eyes aflame. As they entered, she beckoned them to her with her small right hand. " Hush!" she whispered. " Hush; he asked me the reason —he whom I loved so I could not tell him; but I will tell you, for you are all ghosts. It's for my brother's sake—my poor brother. I did it to save him. But the ring will kill me. Fancy bis hand putting the wed ding ring on my finger—his horrible hand. Oh, Lionel, Lionel. No—l remember now. I mustn't tell—l mustn't telL Go—go—go!" Her voice arose to a scream, and Miss Hen* derson clasped her hands wildly. "She is delirious," she said; "one terrible trouble after the other. Oh, what a fearful day this has been!" The physician bent over her and felt the fevered pulse. "She needs great care," he said. "Be calm, madam; all your calmness is needed—all your strength." And Miss Henderson, with a heavy heart and dreary anticipations^ sat down beside her pupil's couch to watch the night through. Chapto X. Mobhhto broke over the Grange amidst clouds and moaning winds. Without was the storm, within a gloom more terrible. Geraldine tossed in the delirium of fever upon her couch, and there was no news of the missing ones. When news came, it could scarcely be anything but the worst, and was now dreaded rather than hoped for. When, from the drawing-room window, good Mr. Helmstone saw forms approaching the Grange through the dense fog, he nut a longing to fly and hide himself as a child might. Conquering it, however, he went down to the hall, and stood there, waiting until the footsteps ascended the doorsteps. Then he opened the door and went out to meet them. The foremost of the group looked at the others, and then held out what he held in his hand. Some boys' olotbing; a little Scotch cap, a plaid rent in two, and a shoe. Mr. Helmstone looked at them. One glance sufficed. They were the garments he had often seen little Otho wear. " Where did you find these ?" he said. " Down along side of the lake," said the man, m a husky voice. "The clothes—the cap-r-I hate to bring bad news. The cap was in the lake." The old man trembled like a leaf. "My child—my poor little Otho," he gasped " And Mr. Malcolm—Lionel ?" "We've found nothing else,*' said the man. v Likely both are drowned. Perhaps the boy got in and the master tried to save him. We think so. I seem sort o' unfeeling, likely, but I don't feel so. I haven't the knack of talking, parson." " No, no, my friend," said Mr. Helmstone. "But this is sad news. Jloved both the child and the young man. I wish my old life could have been taken and their** spared, but God's wOl be done." He could say no more, but turned away, bearing the garments they had placed in bis haafe with him. It was, perhaps, the saddest moment of his long life. Down in the kitchen the servants talked the matter over, and drank a good deal of tea and some beer to console themselves. The rather pleasant excitement which family afflictions always awaken in the kitchen cabinet kept them from low spirits, though every female carried a span clean handkerchief in her hand, and talked of that poor, dear little Otho, and poor, dear, handsome Mr. Malcolm. Miss Henderson, perhaps, suffered more than any one. Geraldine was unconscious. Mr. Helmstone had a courage and trust in Provi dence which few mortals are happy enough to possess. The doctor was grieved and shocked, but that was all. But when the eyes of the governess rested on the dainty little garments over which the curate bowed his head, her courage quite gave way, and, for the first time in her life she fell to the floor in a death-like swoon. "We shall never see the child again," she said, when she recovered—" never. I have given up all hope. Were he alive, he would have been found before now. But Mr. Malcolm —is he also dead ? He was a man and a strong one. This horrible mystery—oh, this horrible mystery. I could have borne better to see the little darling dead upon his pillow. Then we should BsrobMMs&the; wont. And oh, what will the worst tie when we know it?" might well ask. In a few hours the horror which hung abore the Orange grew so great that even the domestics ceased to enjoy it, and were bo completely uncomfortable that they pat their clean handkerchiefs away and cried in earnest, with their aprons to their eyes. The mystery grew darker thus : About four in the afternoon Jonathan Johns came into the parlor, where Mr. Helmstone sat alone, and said, in a suppressed voice: " Somebody wants to see one of the family, sir. Misß Qeraldine ant fit to be spoken to now, sick as she is; and I think you'd be better than Miss Henderson. So I thought Fd ask if I should send him in. I think, sir, ifs pretty bad kind o' news." " I fear no other can come to the Orange just now," said the pastor. " I fear so too, sir," said Jonathan. " Well, m send him." And he vanished. 'In a moment more a gaunt, grim-faced man stood at the door, looking at the pastor. His head was like that of some stern old Ro man.. His features cast in the same mould. His form thin but sinewy, and his mouth ex pressive of resolution and determination. He made no inclination, no sign of respect; yet his aspect forbade a suspicion of intentional rudeness. Without a pause he stalked in and seated himself opposite Mr. Helmstone. "You're Parson Helmstone, I believe, sir,** he said. " Yes, my friend," replied the old man. " I've heard you preach often, and I've been edified for all I'm not Episcopal," said the man.. " I seem to know you as if I had been ac quainted years. But you ha'n't seen me, it's likely. I'm Eben Oats. Only this morning I heard what had happened up here. I've been up North, to buy furs agin the winter trade. I come along hum by Ontario, so's to see a brother o* mine, a captain of a boat on the lake. I got ashore this c'en; the night of the storm; the night the little boy was first missing." The look with which he uttered the last words made the old man's blood run cold. " Do you know anything of our poor child ?" he gasped. " I oouidn't put my hand on the Bible and say as I know," said the man. " But I believe for sartin that I do/ There's been foul play, sir. The boy has been murdered. . "Murdered! who would murder a babe? Mr. Malcolm indeed may have fallen a victim!" Eben Oats interrupted him. " Mr. Malcolm is safe," he said. " I never want to shock people, but if I wasn't in the society of a clergyman I couldn't call him Mr. Malcolm, quiet-like, without a word or two before the name. There's no harm come to him." Mr. Helmstone said nothing, He could only stare at the speaker as one might at some fear ful thing in speechless terror. " I came along by a road where I could see the Lake that night. It was blowing great guns, and I'm not a member of a teetotal society yet, so I thought I'd warm myself with a dram. There was only one place with a light in the window, and that was Pete Atkins's. He knows me and I know him. I went in. Well, we were talking and drinking, when a knock comes on the door and some one said:■ " ' This is a tavern, I believe.' "' Taint nothin' else,' says Fete. "' Can you accommadate me,' says the man, •for the night P' "' Boom enough,' says Pete. "'And in walks a gentleman. His fore head was cut and bleeding, and he looked very pale. He asked for a glass of liquor and some thing to eat, and sat down. Seemed to me I knew the face, and soon it came to me. The gentleman that was teaching Mr. Orantford's little boy. I always like* him. So up I walks. "'Evenin,' says I. "He nods. Says I: "' You're a good way from home, sir.' "'I am,' said he. «Are you a Virginian!" "I laughed. " * No,' says I; ' I'm talking the Grange.' "'Ah,' says he. «Yes, I shall be farther to morrow.' "' Going away ?' says L "' Yes," says he— c going away.' "' Little boy will miss you,' says I. " He made no answer, and said I: " * You've been hurt, I see.' "' I wms thrown from my horse,' he said, and then got up from the table. "' I've changed my mind,' he said; ' I will go on to-night,' and he paid Pete for his meal and walked off. " His head was cut and his face as white as a sheet, and there was mud and dust on his clothes. 'Twasn't my business, though, for all I knew, he'd been in a fight, as every man has a right to. I'm sorry now. Parson Helmstone, the boy has been murdered, and you can judge who murdered him." "No one I know—no one I ever saw," cried Mr. Helmstone. " There are men bad enough to be Satan's instruments even here, but those I know are not amongst them—no, no, no." ""Tis past believing," said Eben Oats; " the first thought on't was a blow to me, for Fd been taken in by his blue eyes and his sweet smile; but it was him, and if I'd known it I'd have dragged him here alive or dead. A black hearted villian—for it's the teacher and no one else, that has murdered the innocent, fatherless child." "Hush! hush!" shrieked the old man, ex tending his trembling hands toward Eben Oats. "Accuse co man falsely. Lionel murder a child! Lionel, with his true eyes and gentle voice! He loved the boy. You lie! You are mad! Oh, miserable wretch that I asa, why did I ever open the gates of the Grange to him ? No, no, no! I cannot, will not believe it. How dare I ? How dare you ? Have you looked . into his face? Have you heard him speak? He was good—true. Besides he had no mo tive. The worst men never murder without a motive. And we are not sure Otho is dead yet." Eben Oats looked at the old clergyman with no alteration of his stern expression. " I'm sorry for you," he said. " But I be lieve the child is murdered, and that the teacher did the deed. As for motive, you'll find he had one. If I was a close to him as I was that night, I'd give all the skins I expect to sell this winter. The base, black-hearted rascal " As he spoke the knocker which hung at the Grange door was lifted. The echo of its clang rang through, the house, and in a moment Jonathan Johns stood before the two men. " They're coming," he said; " they've found him. Oh, Mr. Helmstone, it's too horrible— too horrible! They've found little Otho dead!" The clergyman clasped his hand to his fore head, gazed at the speaker.an instant, and then the white head drooped, and he fell forward insensible into the arms of Eben Oats. [to be comtzotzd.] 