A CHANCERY LUNATIO. (From htA Baturdoy P.riaw.J Trrn admirers of Mr. Reade's novels are familiar with the opinion which he holds, that the law of lunacy is systematically made an instrument of oppression and wrong. Indeed it would appear that this opinion is not held by Mr. Reade exclusively. There is, or was, in existence a Lunatics Protection Society, which was got up by a gentleman who had been confined, as he considered wrongfully, in an asylum. Cases continually occur in which it Is alleged, not only by lunatics but by some of their friends, that restraint is cruel and un. necessary. Evidence is usually, forthcoming in such cases that the person so restrained is, In the opinion of the deponents, rational and inoffensive; and, in fact, a person whom it would be rather pleasant than otherwise to have for an inmate of one's house. Such evidence may, at the time it Is given, be dif5i. cult to explain or contradict; but it has hap. pened before now that lunatics have become convinced of that lunacy which their friends have doubted, and have voluntarily returned to the very condition of restraint from which well.intended but mistaken efforts . have delivered them. The story of a protracted case of lunacy may almost always be told in two ways, and it may be interesting to take a case which lately came before the Court of Chancery, and look at it first from the popular and sentimental, and afterwards from the legal, point of view. Assuming as much as we can of the mental attitude of the sensation novel. ist, we will begin by stating that Mr. James Tovey, now aged thirty-eight years, was educated at Eton and Oxford, and afterwards at St. Bees' College, being destined for holy orders. In 1853, Mr. Tovey, being then twenty.four years of age, was residing for the vacation at Deal, where he formed an attach. ment to a young German lady. His father, Colonel Tovey, hearing of this affair, ordered him to London, and shortly afterwards placed him in a lunatic asylum in Epping Forest, where be remained upwards of three years. Whether he at that time showed lunacy only by falling in love with the young gderman lady, or by other and what signs, we are not informed. In 1850 he was removed to another asylum near Stafford, which is managed by Dr. Ilewson, and he remained there about five years. Early in 18'2 the trustees appointed by his father, who wis now dead, acting under eminent advice, c usc.l him to be removed to the private resideaco of a surgeon at Dover, where he enjoyed fr?, exercisa in the open air. After a year's trial of this mode of life it was considered ex. pedient to relieve him from all restraint, and to allow him to reside with his sister who, after occupying one oi two temporary abodes, went to live, in October, 1803, at Goring, in Oxfordshire. The life which he was per. mitted to lead at Goring seems to have agreed with him very well. IHe was almost con. stantly rowing on the Thames, which flows past the village, and he was very active in skating and swimming during the appro. priate seasons. The inhabitants of Goring and the adjacent villages have testified that Mr. Tovey's conduct while he dwelt among them was quiet, harmless, and, according to their judgment, sane; and there seems to hare been no reason why Mr. Tovey should not' have been dwelling among them still; but, unhappily for this poor gentleman, his uncle died last year, and he succeeded to a large fortune, which caused the Court of Chancery to take an increased interest in the disposition of his person and estate. On February 24, 1800, Mr. Tovey was taken to the asylum kept by Dr. iewson, near Staf. ford, where he had been confined before. On March 4 following, his uncle died, and he be. came entitled to what may be called, in a new sense, ddmnosa hcreditas, in the shape of an entailed estate, amounting to about £.000 a year, and a sum of £00,000 which had been accumulated for the purchase of other estates. On May 4 a commission of lunacy was held in the asylum, by a commissioner, without a jury, and without the presence of any lawyer on behalf of Mr. Tovey, and he was found a lunatic. But the strangest party of this story is yet to come. On July 28th Dr. Hlewson took a number of his patients, among whom was Mr. Tovey, to Scarborough, for the benefit of sea air and bathing. IIe was allowed to wander at his will all day, giving a promise to return at night. During his wanderings he met a lady. First he looked, next he raised his hat, and then he spoke. The lady did not repulse this overture, and why should she? Many flirtations, producing some marriages, arise at Scarborough; and if there is to be no begin. ning, it must be impossible to reach the desir. able end. We believe that the correct thing is for the gentleman who seeks the introduc. tion to make acquaintance with the lady's brother or other male friend, which may be done while bathing, or by offering or asking a light for a cigar. But if the lady has only female friends, it would seem that her ad. mirer must keep his admiration to himself. and see her complete her month's visit and depart without having told his love, unless she should happen to drop her glove upon the esplanade, or meet with some other accident which mayjustity nlaterposition on her behalf without thie previous ceremony of introduction. It appears that in the case under considera. tion the lady'hbad a brother; so, if Mr. Toney had been patient he might have attained hLs object with strict regard to conventionality. But Mr. 'Tovey was not patient. lie spoke to the lady, and she did not refuse to listen. But we know that little sins lead to great sins; and acuordingly this lady, who had been less regardful than she should have been of the conventional etiquette of Scarborough, did not hesitate, a few days afterward, to commit a contempt of the Court of Chancery. If a young woman does not fear either Mrs. Grundy or the Lords Justices, she is not likely to regard anything that we may say, and therefore we will say nothing. But the beginning having been made, Mlr. Tovey pro. ceeded rapidly to the end. lie explained fully his position, and stated frankly that he wanted somebody who would take an interest in him and see him sighted. The lady did not find that he was mad, but' on the contrery thought him a very nice young man, hier friends approved the step which she resolved to take, and accordingly, on August 97th, a marriage ceremony was performed between her and Mr. Toney nt Claremont chapel, Scar. borough. The bride and bridegroom spent the aly together; but Mr. Tovey yielded to the otaligatlon to return to his appointed place with tue riellity of the Ghost in Hamlet. At nalne o'clock In the evening he rendered himself at Dr. Ilewson's house,'and next day he was taken back to the asylum in Staffordshire, so that be saw his bride no more. A secret correspondence was kept up between them for some weeks; but it was afterwards dis. covered and stopped. .The lady's friends, acting on tbhe authority which they allege themselves to have received from Mr. Tovey, have presented a petition to the Lord Chan. cellor, asking that the finding of Mr. Tovey a lunatic by commission may be superseded, or, at the least, that his condition may be ame. liorated by removing him from the asylum, and restoring him to. that enjoyment of air and liberty which was allowed at Goring. They produce evidence of clergymen and other respectable persons, among whom Mr. Tovey had dwelt upwards of two years, to prove that hbe is not mad at all; or at any rate, that his madness is neither dangerous nor disagreeable; and they urge against restraint the argument which has often been urged before, that to put a man into a mad house is enough to make him mad. All readers will probably agree that they have now had laid before them the outlines of a story excellently adapted for embellishment by an artist of Mr. Reade's school. Some readers are probably indignant at the treat. ment which Mr. Tovey has undergone, and expect to be informed that the court of chancery has ordered his release. But the Lords Justices, before whom the petition came last week, not only did not accede to it, but testified a strong neclination to do what may be figuratively described as wiping their boots on it. And it is proper to say that the court had good legal reasons for what it did. The evidence of inhabitants of Goring as to Mr. Tovey's sanity was 'answered by the re mark that there never was a disputed case in which such evidence was not forthcoming. Delusions may exist which justify the impu. tation of insanity, and yet the alleged lunatic may mingle in social intercourse without be. traying that he is possessed by them. The court, when called upon to decide between such evidence and that adduced in support of a commission, may either examine the lunatic itself or may rappoint for that purpose a physician of eminent skill who is above suse. picion of partiality. In Mr. Tovey's case the latter course had been adopted, and the Lords Justices stated that the physician's report satisfied them of his insanity. Whatever else may be said of the jurisdiction exer cised over lunatics in chancery, it must be admitted that the distinguished judges who exercise it are actuated by a conscien tious desire to do right. They must either proceed by the light of their own intel. higence, or they must seek the best assistance which the medical profession can supply. The popular belief that what are called mad. doctors will prove anybody to be mad is not destitute of foundation. But the Lords Justices can only take medical science as they find it. There is, however, no difficulty in crediting the statement that the committee of the lunatic's person is the proper judge of matters relating to his health and comfort, and unless it could be shown that the com mittee had misbehaved or was unworthy of trust the court would not interfere. A peti. tion presented in the lunatic's name by friends of the lady who had ventured, in defiance of the court, to go through a ceremony of mar. rise with him, was not, strictly speaking, entitled to be heard. Such persons could have no proper locus standi before the court. It was urged that Mr. Tovey showed himself a month ago to be indisputably mad. The only question is whether, if he was only dise. putably mad when he lived at Goring, it might not be better that be should be allowed to live there again. The technical answer to this question is that whoever asked for the lunatic's enlargement, the court ought to grant it in the hope, which experience showed to be well founded, that his mental and bodily health would be improved. But the court answered that there was small en* couragement to allow liberty, seeing how it had been abused at Scarborough. 'he con. elusion of the Lords Justices is, from their point of view, irrefragable; but it may per. haps be permnissible to draw attention to some considerations which appear applicable to cases of this kind, although they are not dreamed of in the philosophy of Lincoln's Inn. We well venture to ask whether that which was done at Scarborough was really so very shocking as a Lord Justice thinks it. May we be allowed, without disrespect, to hint that possibly the lady before-mentioned could manage Mr. Tovey better than the Lord Chancellor and Lords Justices, with the help of the masters in lunacy, secretaries, and clerks? It may be that for this purpose a bonnet covers more true wisdom than any number of full.bottomed and other wigs. We have not before us the medical opinions given upon Mr. Tovey's case, and therefore we shall not presume to form any decisive judg. ment on It. But we can easily suppose a case which is technically one of insanity, but which, under judicious management, might pass from the cradle to the graveas one of eccentricity or Infirmity of character. If a young gentlemen who is not very strong in the head falls In love with a young German latly who plays seductively upon a cithero, and if the young lady is willing, and the young gentleman's friends can afford to allow them a maintenance, by all means let them marry and it is probable that during their joint lives the world will hear nothing about lunacy in the gentleman. But paternal authority interposes, and makes all the son's future life mliarable. - And when the father's control terminates by his death, the court of chancery steps into his place, and with the best laten. tlons, and acting, upon established rules, makes the son's last state more wretched than his first. The proceedings in the matter of a lunatlo who has a large estate are conducted with all the solemn and cumbrous formality to which English lawyers are so devoutly attached. Such proceedings are profitable to the plractitioners concerned, and beneficial to the htoatic's heir.at.law and next of kin, for whom his estate is preserved and augmented, and the only person who suffers under them is the lunatic himself. There can be no questIon that the court does its best accord. to its lights and the powers at its com. mandi but it is easy to conceive a case In which it might heartily hlie wished that the court could have let the lunatic alone. The unfortunate Mr. Tovey seems to come near to realising that case whlch has been sometimes treated as Impossible-namely, the case of a man who ihas been undone hy having a large estate left to himn. One of the clerical depo. neste whose afidarvits was roead to the court stated that during Mrl Travey's residence at Goring he regularly attended the afternoon services in the church of the adjoining parish of Stoke, as also the services on the saints'. day evenings in all weathers, "and for these and other reasons he appeared to me to be a devout man." There are perhaps people who consider that a man who goes to church on saints'-days gives prima fais evidence of his Insanity; and such people may possibly feel thankful that ir. Tovey, being immured In an asylum, Is protected against indulning a tendency which seems to have eilsted'in his mind towards ritualism. It was gravely pro. pounded on one side as evidence of insanity, and denied on the other, that Mir. ToveV put on board his boat a large Image of the Virgin Mary, and rowed it up and down the Thames. But if such evidence could suffice to prove madness, sailors of the south of Europe are, and always have been, mad. Another depo. nent, who was chief constable and parish offi. cer of Goring, stated that be had been out boating with Mfr. Tovey on the Thames, and went with him to the Wallingford regatta. " le rowed me there and back." If Mr. Tovey had been a dangerous lunatic, the worthy chief.constable and parish officer would have been in a position calculated to excite lively anxiety in the minds of all the in habitants of Goring. The same deponent says that during all the time he knew MIr. Tovey, which was nearly three years, he always found him to be quiet and orderly. "IIe nevergot Infato any trouble or disturbance, and I never heard him use any violent or bad language." Another Important feature In this case was that the only act of violence which was distinctly alleged against Mr. Tovey was one which might very easily have been committed by a perfectly sane man. It would show very small acquaintance with the character of mental disease to argue from such evidence as has been quoted that the finding of Mr. Tovey's insanity by the commissioners ought to be set aside. But it is possible that, if Mr. Tovey's rich uncle had not died, he would at this moment have been occupied In aquatio amusements on the Thames on week-days, and in going three times to church, at Goring or the adjoining' paaishes, on Sundays. The Lords Justices stated £700 a-year is now allowed for Mr. Tovey's maintenance, and that they were satisfied that nothing could be done for his comfort and happiness more than is done at the asylum. It may be assumed as pro bable that, if Mr. Tovey were allowed to live at Goring as little cared for by the court as In the days when he was comparatively poor, the sea.nymph whom he met last autumn would become a river.nymph. The result here indicated is doubtless shock. Ing to propriety, and we are quite sure that the wig of any Lord.Chancellor, past or present, would stand on end at the bare thought of it. But perhaps the system over which those learned dignitaries preside is a little too elevated and spiritual for the capacity of average human nature. A lunatic cannot marry, and society would call his cohabitation with a woman by an ugly name. There are infinitely various forms and degrees of lunacy, and we must once more guard ourselves against being supposed to pronounce an opinion upon the case of Mr. Tovey. Blut that case suggests that it is possible for the court of chancery to take a man who has a large fortune and is in the prime of life, but a little touched in the head, and make a monk of him; and then report to itself that the comfort and happiness of the lunatic have been effectdally provided for at an expenditure of £700 a-year. 