Cf)é »fiönfa Jaunting petalu. THURSDAY, SEPTEMBER 19, 1867: THE Legislative.. Council sat only a fa wi minute» yesterday. ..... ] The Proceeding", in Insolvency Facilitation Bill j was read à third time and passed, and the Parra- matta Factory-atreet Bill was read a second time', lite report bf the Committee of the Whole on the Federal Council Bill was adopted, and ,the bU.will be read a''th|rd time to-day." , * I The further consideration in committee of the Gates | on Public Koads.Bill waa', postponed, until this day, when Sir W. Manning's new clause will be discussed ; and the Claims against .Government Bill was post J . _. *n consequence of the absence of I IK the Assembly, yesterday, Ministen, in answer to questions, said, that a inquiry had bean held on board the Vernon, resulting 1 in. the dismissal of the chief officer and one of the 1 SUBJ ter-m ia tera ; that there was - no agreement with [ohn and Co. for borrowing three millions, and there- fore the1 agreement could not he laid onthetablo; j that tho Treasurer had directed, the general corre* spondenco with the Oriental Bank te be looked through, and the portions; of correspondence ordered by"the House would' be laid'on/thé 'table at an early date; that whatever might be the sum authorised for railway, purposes,,the Government were under no engagement to "negotiate a loan,-unless wi h the approval of Parliament ; that the Government were not aware of any deficiencies in the accounts of -the Clerk of Petty Sessions at* Berrima; and that the Municipalities Bill would be introduced not later than 'tho week after next.' - ; , Mj>~ THORNTON moved the aajouxnment' pf "the House, in order to complain of .thedismgenuoiisjand evasive manner in whlcfi the Treasurer had answerfJ the question relative to the arrangement with Ken and Co. ; what he, and what the House and ti country, wished to know was, whether, if the Hom authorised the raising of any sum, the Ooverntnei considered itself bound to negotiate the loan throne., Kohn and Co. He should never rest Until he hod a* ] clear and distinct answer to his question. Slr, MARTIN explained that if Parliament did no more than express an opinion that it was desirable te raise 3 certain sum of money, lt would leave the question of the means of raising that money entirely where it was. The arrangement for the loan wai entirely provisional on the approval of the House. It was conditioned that certain things would-be done, if Parliament approved. If Parliament did not approve, there waa on end of the arrangement. Nothing what- ever had been done that could in any way bind thè public or the country, and this hod been stated o and over again. Mr. Sa, M CUL complained of the nonp.roduction'of I the Oriental Bank correspondence, which ought to.be I in the hands of hon. members before they would be in a position properly to discuss the matters on ' ' dav's business paper. Mr. B&OAn; entered into a defence of.thB answers he | had given, which he declared to be strictly correct.' After some remarks from Mr. KOBE&TSOX; and Mr. asked of the Treasurer had been answered in the way they ought to have been. He thought every information on Co Important a matter ought to be before hon. members. Further debate ensued, in which Mr. Baowy, Mr. JOSEPH, Mr. MACLEAY, Mr. SOTTOB, Mr. GABBBIT, Mr. DE SALIS, and Mr. CUMUIXOS took part. After a reply from Mr. TBOHXTON, who declared | himself still dissatisfied, for there was evidently some information withheld by the Government, the morion was put and negatived. Petitions from Singleton, and from the Rev. Mr. Ptirvee, in'favour of the Council's amendments in the Presbyterian College Bill, were ordered to be re- ceived. A Bill to Facilitate Proceedings in Insolvency was brought from the Legislative Council, and was read a first time. On the Order of tho Day for the second reading of the Land LAWS Amendment Bill being read, the Speaker ruled that this bill was one of those that ought to be introduced in committee, mainly on the ground that the bill interfered with debtors of the Cr?wn, in which position the free selectors stood. Mr. MAUTIN took exception to tho ruling, :on ground that free selectors were not debtors In the ordinary acceptation of the tenn, as they could not be J After Mr. GARUETT, Mr. PIDDINGTON, and Mr. HouBûTflON had addressed the House, Mr. WILSON mored, in accordance with the ruling of the Speaker, that the Order of tho Day bs discharged from the P Mr. MACPHERSON offered some remarks, and the | motion was carried. On the resumption of the adjourned debito on Mr. MAUTIN'B motion for a loan of three millions for rail- way purposes, , Mr. BaowK regretted that this motion .should have been brought on until the financial statement had bsen disposed of, and moved the adjournment of the debate * for a week, because as yet the House had not been fully informed of the financial position of the country, and of the arrangements made tor the loon. He much feared that the surplus spoken of by the Treasurer was very doubtful, and considered that In the present condition of the country, the Government ought not to contract a larger loan than would be sufficient to complete the already authorised extensions. The advantages that the Premier expected from tapping the Murrumbidgee by this railway were very ?much over-estimated, whilst the amount realised from the sale of debentures would not be sufficient for thevfoik. Three millions would be required, and to, make up this sum another issue of- debentuxes would 'be necessary. Altogether, they would be saddling . the country with a debt fax too great for so young a ? community to bear Mr. ROBXBXSON and Mr. SAMUEL, àpoke in favour of an ajournaient, and Mr. -PARKES and Mr. LVOAS against it. ? Ur. MARTTK wished to state that the Government being aware that their project for raising the loan of three millions would not be swottovdJbr the. House,1 had come to th edetermination of withdrawing *it. Under 'these circumstances the present ' question could be considered on its own merits, and entirely' apart from that of the agreement with Kohn and Co. Mr. -PffiDDiOToH spoke against the adjournment,' and Hr, {OUTER and Mr. QA&BXTX; Ln its favoux. Mr. MiCxruT ~wu 'opposed to'adjournment, b'e-i causo the question for, decision was a very, simple one, j rendered still mora so hy the announcement that the proposed mode of raising the. money had. .been given ! | up. He waa greatly ia iavoùr 'of railway extensloo, 11 .wnich'would not only be of great benefit to the j interior, but woul^ilao, by the money expended on; the work,- provide profitable employment to the. population. Then came the question- whether; the mode of expending the money pro*! ; posed by- the Goverament was such as) would provide a permanently profitable investment, to the country. He thought it was not, for the plani proposed by tho Government carried the line through 1 a hundred and thirty miles of very barren country,; which would never be a feeder to it By a proper' -system they might, without going so low down,) -secure all the advantages that could be expected, and.' all the trafilo of the Lower Lachlan, which come« up by Hay. The river could be reached at some point on the edgeofthe lovel country, instead of going 130-, miles lower down. At this point they would be in; as good a position to catch the Lower Lachlan traffic r as if they had gone a hundred miles further, because1 there would be water carriage from Hay up the Mu- ; ruinbtdgee, which could be kept open at a small: yearly outlay. Such a line as thu, he looked upon as ' a stepping-stone to one that should join a Victorian lino at Albury. But he was afraid the project would, never be camed through, and that the Government were not really in earnest in proposing it. Mr. Cuuiiiis'os and Mr. SUTTOB opposed the, I adjournment I Mr. J, STSWAUT thought the Government had ' forgotten to inquire what amount-of taxation the' people of thia colony could bear without breaking ' down. There must be semo limit to what a man ] can sustain, and although, perhaps, in thia colony ho ' can bear more than in any other country, he ix already taxed to a degree that is oppressive. Taxation could *4.ot go beyond, (..'certain point, and from a calculation . he had made, he'found that one half of the population only were producers, and had to' support the other half, as well as to pay all tho taxation. Thus.the working' man did nothimself enjoy k fair: shara of his own'industry, and -In such a state of things he must oppose, any scheme, that would have the effect of so greatly increasing the burdens of the worker. Mr. LLOYD opposed the Government scheme, espe- cially, ss ho regarded aa fallacious the sources from which they expected to derivo tho means to pay the interest on the proposed loan. Until some tangible plan was brought forward for meeting this ? interest, the House ought not to' entertain the proposai. Mr. EOAN said it would be quite time enough to talk of running a line to tho Murrumbidgee when they had I completed the three lines' to which they stood'pledged. Until then anything else was premature.' - I. The question -of adjournment was put and negs* I lived, without division. - ' Mr. EAOAR explained that the whole baaLs of the negotiations with Kahn and Co. rested on the fact that'the terms were entirely'dependent on thc appro Val of Parliament.- No' amngements had been made which bound the Government in such a way as that the Houfcë might 'not' at'.any moment set it aside. That arxBsgeroent had new been finally put an end to, and the .question btfore the House could be oon siidered without being embarrassed with that of Ute mode of raising, the loan. \- Mr. FORSTER opposed the motion. If they were to harp ah extension into tho' interior he should prefer that lt should p'a by the West BO as the sooner to reach thc interior. He opposed this extension because it involved a deviation from tho old policy of the Government, and gave to one district on advantage over two other districts of the colony. The amendment of Mr. RODBUT30N was pat, and negatived without division. \- Mr. SUTTOR moved the adjournment of the debate to the following day. The adjournment was carried on division by a majority of 85 to 27. The House adjourned at twelve minutes oftûr ll, until 3 o'clock, to-day. WE recently stated that among those who had been instrumental"ih hurrying th,e destruction of MAXTUILIAK, the Court of Rome' took & con- spicuous pert. The circumstances;of the Ramon See in Italy made it almost'impossible for the PONTIFF to look at the question of Church Property but in . the light of that country. Thc, : non jiöasumtu, whioh has obstructed all arrangements in Italy, met with equal force the propositions of the young ? EMPEROR, who, trained in all the sjmpathiea and aspiratioss of modem Europe, desired to conform the conditions of Church Property to the system of modern society. Of course, that . is the great question of the age, and in pointing out the fact our readers will be enabled to estimate more fairly the individual responsi- bility which rests upon those who* have accelerated tbs downfall of the Mexican Empire. That it could stand upon the principles demanded by the Nuncio is quite uni magi nable. This was clear, and the EMPEROR resolved to run a grand risk ; indeed to Tenture all-and thus ' he lost all. Wkat will be the fate hereafter of the priesthood lie failed to please, no one can foresee ; but it is probable that should the United States exercise direct sove- reignty, those knots which, cannot be untied will be cut with promptitude, and that no trouble will be taken to .reconcile the adjust- ments required by the circumstances of the age with old ideas or vested rights. In Italy itself this process is going on with a rapidity which could not have been supposed possible ten years ago. The difficulties that brought the EMPEROR to his fall were rift, however, of an ecclesiastical nature. From the moment of his establish- ment, it was the determination of thc-politicians of Washington not only to refuse all counte- nance to the Empire, but also to give their moral support, and probably much more, to the head of what'had become a very small party. All the Powers of Europe sent represen- tatives to pay honour to the young Empire. Without caring for the. particular form of government which was established, they were deeply interested in a settlement which might' assure something like order. The Emperor NAPOLEON probably would never have under- taken this expedition but for the circumstances of North America. There is this excuse for the intense and continued resistance to the Empire. It formed a part of those measures by which NAPOLEON had with some imprudence announced his wish to. counterbalance the Anglo-Saxon power, and establish something like an equilibrium between the Latin and English races. This announcement, although it would hare occasioned no great irritation in an old and experienced Court, aroused the mercurial politicians of Washington to great anger. The EMPEROR did too much or too little. The moment he resolved to set ,up MAXIMILIAN he should have made the success of that measure the success of his Govern- ment, . and have staked all upon its accomplishment But this would have implied on entrance upon a long and doubtful war with a powerful Republic, strong in its recent feat of arms, and stronger still in its confi- dence in- its own resources. The warlike spirit of America has been, perhaps, over- rated, and a resolute display of force sufficient to sustain the new Empire would have been, the best assurance of ultimate success. Nothing could be more certain of failure than tho employment of any ambiguous language with respect to the objects or permanence of the new Empire. The Government of Mexico was inevitably for Borne time French. Thia was not because it waa unsupported: by the people ; for there was no reason, to. doubt that the vote. taken expressed the feeling and desire of that: portion of thc public which did not cut throats , or, make raids, or join in pronunciamentos,; or set up ephemeral republics. They ' wanted, above all things to plough, the soil, to cultivate commercé; and to enjoy the benefits of . their fine country. But they were not foamed; in a mould or of material to bear the trial neces- sary to accomplish so great a, work. Thus e, .small ' faction comparatively, by 't^áchery and L cpmiptipn, succeeded'possession! ol the unfortunate PRINCE whose life ' has been '-'taken ' in .defiance of all law,'and whose title to bia throne was certainly as good as thai ? possessed by nine-tenths pf his European compeers. j The correspondence betweon the-French and the American Minister showed for a long timo the uneasiness of. the relations of both Govera , menta. Though polite forms were not aban- doned, it was not difficult to see that if circum- stances were favourable, the Americans would some day or other assist. the party of JUARBZ, as the representative of the-Monroe doctrine as well aa the avengers of the affront of NAPO- LEÓN. The absence of the American Minister where all the Courts of Europe Bent their repre- sentatives, was a symptom of the situation of; the Empire. There was only one chance, that by the organisation of a resolute and devoted army, conquest from time to time might consolidate authority, and that some ' crushing blow upon the Republican party might ? annihilate their schemes. This never came; but, wasting away gradually, the Imperial power was ultimately reduced td thc camp which enclosed it, It was not possible to pre- vent relations between the followers of the ' EHTEROR and those of JUAREZ. Always plotters > .-always traitors-low in origin, education and babiti--men,in short, of thoroughest and coarsest ; .description-the parties of the EMTEROR as well aa .'the Republic were prepared to change sides whenever it suited their convenience. This will account for what seems so incredible. People * might imagine that men would die ' with shame at .the idea of being \ pointed at all through lifo as men who sold their friends-who sacrificed deliberately the cause they had sworn to promote-who took money frdm one party and made it the means of obtaining more from thc other. But in Mexico these atrocities, in whatever they may result, seem to produce no permanent dis- qualification. Such peoplo do not .trouble themselves about the sentiments of posterity. Thus, if it suited the convenience of JUARXZ to shed .the blood of MAXIMILIAN he weútcl . disregard the horror inspired by thc deed and accept as an enjoyment that universal ex- pression of disgust and reprobation which hos been heard in every civilised country in the world. There are some men who can never bs humiliated because they belong to thc lowest Btralum of moral existence. But with Mr. SEWARD and his coadjutors it is not so. They will have to show that they are clear of the blood which has been shed .by their allies and avowedly in their cause. THE discussion os to the proposed railway to Narrandera turns purely on finance. No one doubts for a moment thc use of railways. If we could get them for nothing, everybody would vote for them. But a certain price has to be paid for the convenience. Thai price means a loan. That loan means fresh taxes, in spite of all that a plausible Treasurer may say to the contrary. And those taxes may mean more ad valorem duties. In order to disguise this disagreeable prospect as much as . possible, the Government has proposed the rail- way without proposing any new taxes. To hare included the two ideas in the same Budget, would have ensured the rejection of both. So the TREASURER has unfolded a rose-coloured Budget, in which ho stirs up expectation by hoping for better times and an improved revenue, and counting on a large income from the Land Bill, which has yet to become law. In this enthusiastic, temperament he seeks to persuade the Assembly to go deeper into debt. It will be time enough next year, when the loan has been effected, to pro- pose the extra tax. If the anticipated revenue does not come in, Parliament will be bound to protect thc " credit of the country, and must assent to extra taxation. One turn of the screw this session, and another tum next session, and the process will be com- plete. But Parliament is not to be hoodwinked eren by the moBt mellifluous of rhetorical Treasurers. In matters of grave concern it must not take leaps in thc dark. Before incurring fresh debt, it IB bound to censider the probable results financial as well as social. And at present all the probabilities indicate that thc additional line of railway will be an additional drag on the revenue, whatever may be its other advan- tages. This is made more clear if we consider an important statement made by Mr. MARTIN* when unfolding the project. To meet the objection that inland farmers could not afford to pay heavy carriage for their produce to the port, he stated that the railway rates should be made very low. Now, as wheat can be imported into Sydney from Port Adelaide-at from sixpence to ninepence n bushel, the. railway rates will have to be low, to enable the settlers at Tumut and Burrowa, and "Wagga Wagga, to compete with the South Australian fanner. And if the rates are low, the profit on the carriage must be very 6mall ; and as a line that has gradients of one in thirty must always be expensive to work, the receipts will be largely swallowed up by working expenses. In this case there will be little net revenue, and the railway not being intrinsically remunerative, will be a burden on the annual income. But though this argument is irresistible, it is ' equally undeniable that thc railway would be a very desirable thing. Even a stern financier could only negative the proposal with very great ! regret. Is there, then, no way of getting over the difficulty ? Is not it possible to have the railway and yet to avoid any great incubus of debt? Is it impracticable to obtain part of thc required capital from the sale of: contiguous land ? In the United States of America thc practice of promoting railway construction by large endowments of land has been successfully carried out. It is being applied now to the encouragement of that great transcontinental railway which before long will stretch from the waters of the Atlantic to those of the. Pacific. The principle upon which these dotations are granted is obviously a sound one. ( Land remote from markets and centres of' population is comparatively valueless. But the moment a railway is brought within easy roach of it, its value rises at once. It would pay to occupy and till it, for the produce could be readily forwarded, not only to the nearest market "but. to more distant ones. The value «hick a railway thus gives to waste land may be to some estent recovered hy the sale of that land at an enhanced price, and the cost of the railway may be thus.partly reimbursed. : It may be said that the principle-fe inappli-: cable here, because the Government wjucà own» the land also makes tho railway, out ladead this is an advantage rather than otherwise, (qr the Government being the'sole speculator can- not maha any unfair profit put of itself or Inflict ita losseB upon others.. . The Government proposes to .miks a railway from Goulburn to Narrandera, at a cost of from 1 two to thies müüoM,. sterling. It ia known W ;| every one that 'the.'eà^.di^--j|.^Waéj : .ort that work will give a greav^P^onaJ. vain, to the now unsold lands lying-on ew.h«jnde,o: that line of route; 'far thcr route' áK"»uls'üi< present line of traffic which is* the main, jnadj and strikes through à district at'present com- parât ively unoccupied. lybyj cannot'.the Government recover, and credit to the >aü way capital account, the increased- vahe which tho railway will give to the. land. The public expenditure is. the cause, of that value being created. ' Why should net the public revenue benefit directly by it? Suppose the Government were to proclaim the Une of route ; to declare the land for a certain distance on either side of the line a railway reserve; (o have it surveyed and put up to auction, at prices graduated according to tho value of the land and its nearness to stations ; a consider- able sum wculd thus be realised, which, if ft did not wholly pay for. the railway,; would materially diminish its coBt to the country. - ' To do this would be'no improper interference with free, selection, because no individu il citizen , has a right to claim any of the improve- ments which have been effected at the public cost, and land, tho valúe of which has been doubled. or trebled by a railway, is land which is virtually improved at the public expense. Thc Land Act exempts from selection. town lands and suburban lands expressly, because they have a. special value; and in the same spirit and on the same principle railway reserves may be also exempted. ?«?; v> ... Nor would such a plan tend to check'settle- ment in. proximity (o the railroad, and 'dr¿ve [ buyers further afield to the /cheaper liad, ; because the first cast of land is. a trivial item in the expense of establishing'a farra; and i all practical 'settlers know how much cheaper it is to buy at a higher price land .close to a railway, than to buy cheap land in inaccessible I situations. The railway settler. who ;can get four shillings a bushel for his wheat-has a great advantage'over'the bush.'settler who eau only get half-a-crown, and in. one. harvest may I clear all thc extra price .he gave for his land. Let it.be remembered that "now for the first time are we able to put this, principle, into operation; Hitherto we have carried our rail- ways either through private property or through such wretched sandstone country that we can make nothing out. of the sale of it. Now, how- ever, we are proposing to carry a line , from Goulburn to the far west through or .near land which though ^unsettled is capable of settle- ment-which while of little {value now, will become of great and permanent. ..yalue as soon as the railway '? ;is: " made. Now, therefore, is the time,, lo apply a principle which has proved so successful in America, of lightening the cost of railway con- struction. It is folly to encumber the country needlessly with debt when part of the outlay-caa be BO readily and so fairly recovered. LAST YOUNG'S RECEPTION.-We aro requaitai to atato that Lady Young wilt hold hw last recaption for tho season, at Government Honss, on Monday next, the' 23rd Instant, at half-put four o'clock. ??_ . TUE PÖLICH MAGISTRATS-WO regret to learn that Captain Scott Is detained from the office by severe ipdla potitloo. Hr. Murphy his kindly undertaken to attend tn the Magistrate's Boon), for the transaction of auoh botín» aa there runally íevolvea opon tba Police Magistrate. ComiODonz Sm W, WISEMAN AND TUB TusKisa NAVY.-The Otc* says that the Saltan le much dlmüiflrf with the administration of (be Turkish navy, and hu ex- pressed a «iib. to tata back «Uh kira tores EnrlUh naval officers, in order to place snob mattera under their direotba. Commodore Slr W. Wiseman, Bart', has already beta (elected and appointed as bead of the Naval Council, si a MlaiyorsBSOOO. TUE SOUTH CBHZK MUHDES-Itappbars that we war» ' in error yesterday, in stating the grounds on which an \- application for a new trial la to ba| mada Ia tb« above oise. It fa not «-f«ct that any perrons were allowed to hold inter courie with the jury during the progress of tba trial.' Wa vere misinformed upon that point. The only ground Upon which the allegation of a mistrial Ie to be entertain*! ii, that the jurors wero permitted to perora the dally papara. ' FBOTSCTIOKIST MBETINO.-A large publia meeting wu held tart evening at the corner of Elisabeth and Bataan* streets, for the purpose of taking Into consideration tia financial atatemest of tho Colonial Treasurer. Mr.- Loa!* Uppman was called upon to presida, and the meeting wie addressed by the, chairman, Mr. Coleman, Mr. N. Molvill*, .un., and Mr. P. R. Holdsworth. SATTJBDAY HALY-HOLIDAY ASSOCIATION.-A choral society in connection with thia association baa been formad, and, at a meeting held in the commltteo room but eveaing, about forty gentlemen were enrolled as members. CONOBXOATTONA L CituacH, WOOLLAMBA.-The anni- versary of the Sundey-aohoobi conneoted with the Congre* rational Church, Point Piper Road, Woollahra; wai cele- brated on Tuesday evening teat, by a well-attended tea meeting, held tn the schoolroom, watch wu followed by a pabilo meeting, presided over by the Rev. J. B. Vetch, The schoolroom was very taitefally decorated for the com- ilón by ladies oonnevted with the charon, A very saUffeo tory -report with reftrenco to the condition of the Sasder rohoola was read by tbe secretary. Mr. R. Nott. Toa avenge attendance of ohUdrea Ia anent 160, and these ar» taught by twenty-one teaabvra. Addressee suited to tba occasion were delivered by the chairman, and the Revs. W. 81atyer, T. Johneon, S. Humphries, Thomas Ga! nía rd, and C. Hardie. THB MBDALB OP THB FBBNCH EXHIBITION.-Toe following notice bas been leaned by Mesara, J. De Johnson end Sons :-" Morice to Rxhibttors -The Medals.-The jurors' awards and m ed ale and honorary mentions will be publUhed In a few dayt, and'duly notified to the .aooeatfal exhibitors. The copyright of the medal hoing vastad in ns by the Imperial Commission, ead fully aeon red for the United Kingdom, 13 and 14 Viet, cap. 104, and at Sta- tionen*-halt, we have the exclusive right to publish fae timiU copies of the medal, as well a* to supply all repro- ductions of the design, by every procesa of r^lnUngi pho- tography, embossing, electrotyping, or otherwise. Exhi- biten desire os of mtxodnowg the medal on their show cards, labels, or other printing, should favour us with hu traction*, immediately on receipt of notice of award, J. De Johnson and Sons, Sole Conceasionalrea.'' ACCIDXNT TO THB ROMAN CATHOLIC BlflHOr Or BATH ÜBST.-Information waa received in Mudgee, on Saturday, that the. abovenamed prelate had sustained a severe accident, while engaged in visiting the caves at Wellington, on Thursday leak It appeared from tbs la formation given ns. that ho had fallen down one.'ef th» flisuree ls the rocks and broken his arm. ' ' 8ome aaxlaty being expressed on the matter, we put ourselves in'.com- munication with Mr. Marsh, P.M., of Wellington; and yetterdey afternoon received the following Wegreins-*I have jut bad an Interview. with tba Bli hop of 'Biliar**. Nothing very ierie-OB the matter. "He la np walking about." Fi om the. BOY. Father Nugent we learn that a conloi lon of tho wrist la the extent of injury sustained'.- Wutem JPbMl. of the disgraceful outrage which occurred at Port Adelaide on the night of the Sim in« tant on the pram Use of Ur. Dunn,- It appears that one of the windows of Mr. Donn'* residence was broken by a bottle of kerosene, which was thrown hy some wretch through lt Into the house, and * ' ' the- floor. I'll Follow Thee ! ' lathe designation of o cartoon ia a late number of the Tomahawk, It representa the Prince of Wales, as Hamlet, straggling with Joh» BaU, who, a» Horatio, ia holding him back from pursuing the ghost of George IV,, to whom the Prince la saying, < I'll folios* Thee I ' The Inference ls obvious, and the pubUostion of aneh a plolura ls sorely a sign of the times ; for tie Tbsw ke%ck (lays tho Flaneur in the Star) ls by no means 1 a 1 catira cf enthoala-m, U BOW received wita oompumttve ' coldness, the mention of the neme of the Prinoeesoials fotth nnmisUkable démonstration» ol sympathy and personal, attachment. Qui vma Vfrra.'" TOTB BY BAL tor.-The foti ÍIoü OattU of 13th Jv Ay lava Mr. Marsh, the member for Salisbury, stambied into a arrange fallacy-hat night In speaking on tho oa'det, He maraiataed that then can he no secret voting wAere then are BaglWhmen, beoanse oe bis brother's propr/ty in Anatnlla he had teen voters corning np to the beroi-boc «Uh the estonia ol the party for which they meanVto-vota tn their hals, and declared that ont of 140 petsona who balloted on ihe cooaaSon he knew for certain how 134 bad voted. No arrangement ot tba ballot nan, ot COQIT* ore vent voters tram saving how-they mean to woes, ot bow tbs* have voted-it they plea** ra do so ; hat WMr. Mtrsh will attend tba -ballot at any elah fa'Jsnà^hi wUl-'Ñt> P^ry^fÄgUhmen vWing^ by ballot vUb all th» saorsoy Fraar-ouas Cedar.--lt.-F. Stabes sad Co. araoanoe the careo of flee cedar ex Alst* tot nIe,'oa Harket wharf, toil sflsraooia «1 O«OCJUT'-*»J\ U i'.. 