MEMORANDA. W observer that the anniversaryservices in con eeori with the Congregational Church, Peel-street, WVinor will be held to-morrow in the church. On ftlp ollowing'Tuesday evening the annual tea meeting wil be held, when suitable addrbsses will be delivered. ? The socqqd of the series of lectures being given in the Pirahrqn Independent Church will .take place on Thurseday. evening, Thp lecturer will be the Rev. loxander Gosmans, and liis subject, " Hamlet." The Hon. GOo. Rolfe will preside. To'day being the Prince of Wales ]irthday will be ,bsorbnd as a general holiday by the local brancles of the I ational and ('ommercyal .janks. Th. chlildrpn attondi g tlje vatjiqus Common clhqoly in St, Kilda pnd Praljran were.as?embled in their respoetive town-balls last Tuesday, to be practised in oingi.g the i?ational Anthem, so as to enable them to join in the demonstration on the arrival of the Duke of Edinburgh. There was an excellent attendance qt eaph place, and the youegsters acquitted them selves with much credit. The usnual monthly sejetins" of the Soutth Sufs rbanm Horticultural Society w.l be held on Wed nesdy evening. See advertisement. mepterday afternoon, P.pliamont was prorogued by #is Excellency the Governor in person. An inrndiato dissolution is expecte4. We hear that the Roev. E. G. Lewis, of East St. Kilda, will preach in the Baptist Ch'urch, Soutl4 Yarrs, on Sunday evening at the uneal hour. Mr. Sparrow, the well-known livery-stablekeeper, of St. Kilda, has determined to give up business and return to Europe. As a consequence, the whole of his very valuable and extensive stock and other pro- perty is announced to be offered an sale by auction on Monday and Tuesday next by Mr. Howorth. Par- ticulars will be found in our advertising columns. On tee same day at 11 o'clock, Messrs. J. B: Crews and Co. will sell by auction at a shop near thd Town hall,' unreserved pledges; and Mr. Janeis Eivans will sell, at the samne hour, at the Brighton- road, near' the Pemrbroke Hotel, furniture, bpqks, sowing p3aehines, &c.; Tj e annual meetings of the borough councils of $t. Xild? and Prahrahn, and of the neighbouring Road Boafds, for the passing of the yearly accounts and election of mayors and chairmen, will be held at noon on Wedduesday week. Tho third annual demonstration of the St. Kilda Band of Hope was held in the Town Hall, St. Kilda, on Monday evening, when there was a large attend. ance. Mr..C. E. Joqes, MI.I.A., occupied the chair, andidelivered an eloquent address. Madame V. Pett preqsded at the piano. Tie sqveral songs, recitatilus, &c.;,. were well delivered. The greatest favourites ap pomyd to be Miss Lambert, woq sani" very sweetly and was encored, the Misses Fielden, 4r. Callender, and' Master Pissing, a very young gentlbemansn who recited "Oh, the ileas," and performed omi the drum, accmpanied by his father on the accordeon, in udch a mknner as to draw forth general applanse. T?he new mode of giving notice of a fire in Pralran, by striking on the bell of the Town-hall clock, is not sati$factory, and should be at once givemaup. Those whom it is necessary to rouse in this way are so useed to the tone of this bell, from hearing it so con etaetly, that they are likely, if woke by it during the nig~rs, to conclude it is only the hour or one of its quarters striking. Webolievoe the old bell is not dis pnsd of, and it would be as well to restore it to its onrial purpose. - ahe salutary warning administered to two young camps brotight up at the Prahran Police Court on Mo'day last" charged with picking flowers in the Botanical Gardena on Sunday, would be well if ex tesded all round, as numerous complaints are being made of the depredations made by young and very often old pilferers in these g~rdens. The police have received strict and peremptor?y orders to take into cudtody any persons so found, 'ind on conviction will bane to pay very dearly. It rests with the public ini a great measure, for whose benefit tlhey are, to assist in'carrying out the laws in conserviig" their own intereste. Thn Toorak Readings were- brought to a close an Thursday eveningafteralong butsuccessful seasoi'. Al thbugh there was not so large an attendance as night have been expected, the entertainment, as far as talent was concerned, was a great success. Mr. Watts was chairman, and Miss Slatford presided at the piano. The reading by Mr. J. Robertson of a selection fronm "Hamlet" and a scene from "the ' Merchant of Venice," was exceedingly well given and highly appreciated. Mr. Matthews acquitted inmself admirably by-his delivery of the " Warrior's dieanm." Mr. Craven'recited the " Soldier's pardon. "The felon" by Mr. Malone, and " Tell's address" by sr. Field, were marked by much :discrimination and elocutionary power. Mr. O'Callaghan's recitations "The Yankeo at the French Opera" and "Caoch d'Leary," met with ashearty reception. Miss Budden's s veet voice won for lier fresh laurels by her singing o?" Maggie's secret" and "Her bright smile haunts nie still." Mr. J. Fowler sang " Good-bye, Sweet leart, good-bye" in a pleasing, manner. The "Stirrup cup" and " Love's request were exceedingly rell rendered.by Mr. F. Ridoutt. Mr. Llewellyn sang " Have you seen the ghost" and the '" Nigger's laughing song," and was vociferously encored. Mr. i'ashley was as humorous as ever, and received a eood share of applause for his songs "A motto for (very man" and " Spriggins and his governor." Mr. Margetts was similarly complimented for a parody on " Paddle your own canoe" and " Pretty little Sarah." We believe it is the intention of the committee to Ilevote the total proceeds, about £20, to the estab lishment of a free library in dho district should suf cient encourgement be given them. and we may state that their good object has our heartiest wishes for its luccess. An act of carelessness, which fortunately was not attended with loss of life, was perpretrated at the St. IKlda Butte on Monday afternoon. From what can be learned concerning it, it seems that a 832 pound gun at the battery had been dislodged and had to be re-vented. Theordnance fitter and Sergeant Boutell were performing the work, when a steel drift broke ,in the vent, and to get it out the men, according to their own statement, placed a charge of powder not moire than three quarters of a pound and four round shots in the gun, which was fired by means of a train down the muzzle. The gun went oif, and to the 'allegcd astonishment of the men, the shots were dis. ,charged with it, though why they should be as :tonished at such a natural circumstanco we cannot conceive. One of the shot struck the portico of Mr. A. Marks' house in Acland-street, dislodging a quantity of brickwork and falling in the garden. A second shot tore down a portion of the fence, passed over Barkly-street, crushing through and tearing down the garden gate and fence close to the front of Mr. S. P. Lord's house; it afterwards diverged across the yard into the laundry, and finally settled down in ans iron boiler. The laundrymaid had a narrow escape, having been standing in the line by which the shot passed not a minute previously. The remaining shots were recovered near Acland-strest, where they had harmlessly struck the ground. The two men have been placed under arrest by the Volunteer Authorities, pending a full inquiry; and the St. Kilda magistrates have also directed the police to take pro. ceedings in the matter. We trust the inquiry will not be a sham one, but that whoever is to blame will receive such punishment as will act as a caution to all having anything to do with such dangerous weapons. On Wednesday afternoon. whilst some gentle. meni were playing at cricket ins Fawkuer Park, a gold watch valued £18 was stolen from the clothes of one of the players, dr. L. S. Mboody. The clothes were lying on the ground, and the watch was left wrapped up in the waistcoat, whilst the owner was .batting. The postponement of the second of the New Series ofSt. Kilda Popular Readings from Thursday oi Friday evening m last week (in consequence of the former being the chief race day), although it disap apointed many, did not militate against a large And respectable audience assembling on the latter evening. Thechair was taken by thse Hon; Alex. Fraser, M.L.A., who announced that in consequence of numerous persons having been unable to obtain admission to the previous entertainment, the committee had de cided to make the charge uniformly one shilling, to which it was to be hoped that the audience, viewing the charitable objects to which the funds were de stined, would make no objection. The musical eletnent prevailed in the entertainment, and the sing ing of the lidy amateurs was greeted with conside rable applaisec. lfeesrs. Q. W. Rlesden, I( E. Brod ribb, and J. J.'Smith, were the readora, the latter d-. livering aodd's " ridge of Sighs," 'with considerable dramatic effect. A certificate of discharge has been granted by the Chief Commissioner of Insolveut Estates to William Henry Nicholson, of St. Kilda, commission agent. On Wednesday evening a concert was given in the Town-hall, Prahran, in aid of two children of the late Dr. O'Sullivan, who are at present, and have been for some time past, under the care of Mrs. Lowcock, and are almost entirely dependent upon her for support. There was a large and fashionable audience, and the company appeared fully to appreciate the talent of all those who so kindly gave their valuable assistance in this work of charity. Herr Staab woe instrumentalist, and Madame Victorine Pett prelided - at the piano. Mrs. Ridley, who poss'e- e ss? ne and flexible voice, sang ,with much spirit a4} archness "Mother, he's going away," for which1 aoh roqeivcd, an encore, In the second part of the eatertainment she sang "'a)ke this tup of sparkling vine," was again encoredr when she gs Barby te with peculiar reacneOd. sdala . Lh Cre 'I'm alone and D eermot Asthoreo," vee credit% Gentle Troubadour," gby Miss '-Hol ? a ele Mine Shppard sang "a pts oie Qood. srweethenrt,' "Auld Ribin Grey," andl' o poet' man," having been recalled after each 'nog allotted to her. This lady heA Me. Ridley were u aticularly admired and e receiyeo4 a bouquet. pianoforto duet by kerr Staab and 4 lqdy amateur (Tilh whom wk were pleased to reco use our tqwusawoman iss L nowock) was decidedly the gen j of te' arening. H?err Stab was rapturously encored after most of the pieces he played. Messrs. E. Amery, H. Morris and Gamble, wbq song severoral solos, were deserredly applauded, the latter gentleman giving '"' Welcome Prince Alfreod," which was enthusiosticidly received. The. nmembors of the Apollo Gleoe Club also contri buted in qo snmall degree to the enjo ýment of the evening, The Rogistrar- ?eea'l'q return qf dtllts in they. month of September. shows the mortl.ity to lavr been slightly aove the average, though, lower than it was in the preceding month. The toJtal of dentty in Melbourne a.d suburbs was. 235, Iloing a daily average of 7'83. In S.outli Yarra and Pinhrad there were 25 deaths, being equnal to 1"9 of e4iltl tuosand of population. Of these l3 wore under and 2'oqre e yvears of age. In St. Kilds aq d lrighton, the deiths were.16, or equal to 1'?42 to eaclý'tliounsnd of popplation: 6 being of persons under ?nd 10 over live years of go. . 4t the Prahran Penny Readings, In Tuesday evenigj; Cgytcilloy Knipe suggested lhat the pro-. coeds of the'readings next weykc should devoted for the purp?se of pleing a memorial etoleo, nauely, a block of olosical granito, on the garav of tihe loin John Batmic ?, one pf the. foundeia of bhe colony of Victoria. At present nothing exists u mark the spot; and ie also suggested that the committees of the penny; readings mcovement in other boroughs should join in the same object and endeavour to hano the stone erected during the visii of the Duke of Edinburgh.--[The foregoing appiered' in. the 3Mel. bourno daily papers of 'Wedneday last!,We are in"' a position to state that the impression it conveys is an erroneous one. No such suggestion was publicly mad;e whatever might have been done 'rivately, and the puplication of such a paragraph Oithout con sulting the managers of the penny readings, is not the most likely way to get them to assitt the scheme -:however intrissieally worthy it may be.--ED.] There was a large, and respectable,, and orderly audience at the Prahiami Penny Readings on Tuesday, The Mayor-elect of Melbourne (t. S. BPtters, Esq., of Tooral) presided. Miss S. Heckscher was the pianistse of the evening, but several of the accompanimontc were played by Miss. Bell. The effo s of singers, readers, and reciters were in most ;fitances very\ favourably received, and in some cpdes most en. thusiastically.. The intelecttial character of these entertainments is mucl improved by the vigorous ex: cision of the broadly con3( elemeitl hich at on time threatened to preclude 11 tlecerit ioi~. front attending. Next Tuesday evemnig wit, bi th? 1st'of the readings for the present. We her. that' an ei cellent programme has been prepared b'a'dcommitteeo specially appointed to earry out the agoinkemehts foi~ this evening. The prices have been tlightly rcised, for the purpose of liquidating, as for es possible, th' debt due on the piano. Several gentlemen of St. Kilda hading thought it advisable to show their loyalty on tho' arrival! of the Prince by lighting a largo bonfire either oh Point Ormond or the Red Blulf, formed themselves into a committeo for the carrying out of tlie idea! At a meeting held at the. Village Belle HoteIl, on Mionday. e?ning, Mr. Simon Fraser in the chair; among- other reonýtctions adopted tw?s one making application to the Borough Cogncll for permission to seo one of the spots ~iqmed for the purpose, and alnh appdinting a deputation to 'wait on Fhe Commissibner oIf Crow?( Lands with the same object. At thd sheetieig of the council on Tuesday the needed conscdit was racslte, and a donatiori of £5 voted in hid of tte ohjept. We understand that sboveral contributions have been already received. Among the potty IIthefts porded ,n ,A Pblice Gazelle as having bee omci .tie'le following:-From tih residence George . Pratt, Yarra- street, Gardineras Creek-road, 'r'lr o fa r coloured Mount St. Bernard dog, and froea e yard of Charles Berghotf, Brighton-road, ,ise , Stg ilds, sixty feet of indiarubber hose with' b oasn' i6zzle and screw. 