MISCELLANEOUS. A persevering attempt lias lately been xjommenced to clear the streets of London of the ragged, half-clad urchins from eight to 12^ears of age, who importune perseveringly every passer-by to purchase cigar-lights. Numbers are brought up every morning at the police-courts, under a recent Act of Par liament, which enables the magistrates to sendsuch children to industrial schools, and compel parents to pay the cost of their main tenance. At the Clerkenwell Police-court an inspector gave an amusing account of the habits of these city Arabs. " It Was," he said, " no easy matter to put a hand on one —-you might as well attempt to catch a.crow. They evidently kept a good look-out, and took flight instantly a constable came in sight, so tliat it was necessary to run them into a fcorner." A dreadful fire is reported from Hull, in which a house was burnt and two girls perished in the flames. Their father, a.police m&n;, was killed-at a fire four years ago. A general order has been received at Chatham garrison from the Horse-Guards, issued by command of the Duke of Cambridge, laying down an important code of rules and regulations for conducting trials by court-martial. The prosecutor and prosecuted are in future both to be allowed replies. Should the prisoner call witnesses he will be entitled afterwards to address the court, the prosecutor subsequently having a reply. The address of the deputy-judge advocate, in summing up the whole case, will follow the prosecutor's reply. Should any ■question arise as to the admissibility of evi dence or on other matters, the party request ing the opinion of the court is to speak first, the other party then answering, and the first allowed to reply. Three persons, the youngest of whom was 57 years of age, destroyed themselves in the west of England during the past week. Two of these sadevents occurred in Cornwall,Jwhere one James Shakerley, 57, of St. Just-in-Pen with, hung himself on the farm premises of his brother-in-law, and where a woman named Hill, 59, of Bodinnick, threw herself into the river Fowey. Both bad for some time past been in a very desponding condition ; so also had a widow, in good circumstances, named Baetin, 60, who hung herself at her farm house near Rockear, South Devon. A line of steam carriages for common roads, the experiments with which have succeeded so well between Nantes and Paris, is about to be established from Marseilles to Aubagne, a small town situated 16 kilometres (10 miles) off. There are to be three departures daily from each end, and the price of a return ticket will be only 1 franc 20 cents. Some months since it was. mentioned that Dr W. Byrd Powell, a phrenological enthu siast in America, bequeathed his head to a widow lady who had been a favourite pupil. A Kentucky court ordered the head to be severd and given to the lady, which was done. The widow with this odd dowry was soon after married to Professor A. T. Eickeler, who is now lecturing in New York on physiological subjects, and illustrating his subject with Dr Powell's bead. According to official documents, more than 200,000 persons-have been attacked by cholera in Austria since the month of July, and about one-half have succumbed. At Vienna 3242 deaths have been registered from the epidemic, which, however, has diminished in intensity during the last few days. In Hun gary, 40,000 cases have occurred, of which 21,556 were fatal. Xt appears to have been more-severe in Moravia than elsewhere. Down to the 15th Oct. 67,192 cases have be«n re ported', with 27,624 deaths. Down to the present time the number of cases of cholera at Berlin has amounted to 8159, of which 5330 were mortal. For some days past the caseshave not exceeded six a day, but out of j the six one-half proved fatal. ! An inhabitant of Mont-sou s-Vaudrey (JuraJ ! has-discovered that a brandy with a very fine aroma can be distilled from medlars, which grow m great .quantities in that district. The process is as simple and the yield as good as m the dcase cf cherries. The following copy of a written notice .appears in a western paper:—" Lost or strade from the subscriber, a sheep all over white, one leg was black and half his body. All persons' shall receive five dollars to bring nim. He was a she goat." Mr Tennyson, the poet laureate, has for warded a contribution to the " Eyre Defence and Aid5 Fund/' The death is announced of M. Marie, the last survivor of the French fleet at Trafalgar. He was then surgeon on board the Formidable. Caithness exports about 10,OOO.GOO eggs annually, amounting in value to upwards of £30,000—a value greater than the entire rental of the country fifty years ago. At Bathampton, near Bath, the rustics declared that they had repeatedly seen ia the churchyard the ghost of their recently de ceased pastor. The police wore at length set to watch, and arrested—a large white owl. News of the loss of her Majesty's ship •Griffon has been received at the Admiralty. The Griffon was a screw vessel, with five guns, of 425 tons register, and 80 horse power. *She was launched in 1860. (She was lost on the African station on the^evening of October 2, off Little Popoe, Bight of Benin. AH hands were saved. An act which has created some excitement in the district was committed a few days ago at Walsingham, Norfolk. It appears that in the evening the parish clerk, according to custom, went to the church and rang the 8 o'clock or curfew bell. He had left the church about 10 minutes when the whole town was shaken by a violent explosion, and it was dis covered, after a short interval, that some mis creant had forced the door of the church leading to the chancel, and had, by a deposit of gunpowder beneath the organ, completely shattered not only the instrument but also the beautiful windows of the chancel. The powder had, apparently, been fired by a fuze, after lightning which the fellow decamped. The damage sustained by the organ alone is esti mated at £200, and the injury inflicted on the window cannot be repaired from an antiquarian point of view. The church was restoied at a cost of more than £1,700 in 1862. A somewhat serious gun accident is re ported from Yorkshire. Mr Pease, M.P., while out pheasant shooting at the seat of Mr E. A. Leatham, was somewhat in advance of the party, when, upon a bird rising, Mr Tew, a banker of Wakefield, fired, and shot Mr Pease instead of the pheasant. The hon. member was hit in the lower part of the person and the left arm and thigh ; but his wounds are not considered dangerous. A special press organ, entitled The News paper Press, has just been registered at Stationers'-hall, by Mr Alexander Andrews, the author of the " History of British Journalism," as a medium of intercommuni cation between all parties associated with newspapers and interested in newspaper property. Mr Anthony Trollope, whose fecundity is something astonishing, anuounces, under the title of " The Last Chronicle of Barset," a new serial story, to be published in weekly numbers (thus following the precedent of Dickens's " Master Humphrey's Clock," a quarter of a century ago), with illustrations by* Mr George H. Thomas. The price of the numbers will be sixpence, and they will com mence on the 1st of December. A letter from. Switzerland says that the ascent of the Erohnalpstock, 7,092 feet, was accomplished a few days back by a little girl barely six years of age, in company with her grandfather. 