? THE ART OF FORGETTING. ?','. -.[FROM THE-SATURDAV REVIEW, AUGUST 31.1 , : ,\ Whatever is worth doing at all, we were ? all taught in our childhood, is worth doing well. Now there aro ; few things which wo have more 'frequent occasion to do than to forget, and' few- things , on the skilful doing of which less attention.has .. been bestowed. , Yet between the extremes of IV Art f I ftlin FlOfl TrtVrf a4th1»1 nnn tltmtn ?» r» a n »un „ i» a difference as between sound sleep. and fe verish lethargy. What caivbe more delight-' . fal than tho sonso of lightness and free iloin of mind which pno' enjoys when a mass of troublosoine details have been fairly thrown tp tho winds ? ' Making a clean breast of it' is an expression ? which might with much groator , forco bo applied to u good in vigorating plungo into Lethe than to any pour ing out of one's troubles t» somebody else. It is true that tho latter is often a necessary pro liiuinary to tho former process, mid in that ensotho sooner it is performed tho better.^ On tho other hand, badly executed iforgotfnl ness is tlfo plnguo of one's life A clumsy letting slip of the very thing ono wanted to ro 'tain.is, as Solomon says ef confidence inanun faitliful man, like a broken tooth and a foot out of joint. . But' this is a case of abuse which proves nothing against the use of that power of sum mary of dismissal which is one of the most precious prerogatives of ? our dominion^ over our own thoughts;' Indeed, we' are inclined to believe that a judicious and. liberal use of that prerogative would' tend to lessen the danger of involuntary and awkward forgetfuhacss. If you try ts carry twenty- things at once, of cqurso you will .let some of them fall; and surely it, is well to take the matter iiito1 one's own hands, and deliberately lay down the most worthless of one's mental possessions, if. by that means one can make sure of retaining those, which . may turn to profit. It is true that the nature of memory is so far from beiug yet fully understood that there is room for wide differences of. opinion, as to the best manner of dealing with that capricious and troublesome faculty. ( Some people consider it as an edifice in which everything added is so much clear gain, and every stone taken away is' a dead loss. Others ' think of it a3 a receptacle into which whatever is; thrown occupies a certain amount of space,, which: in nine cases out of ten, might be turned to better account. Perhaps the best comparison for it may be found in ' the various processes of nutrition which we see going on in living beings, in. which too large ortooi small a supply is alike, if not equally, injurious. But everybody .must agree that memory, like ; all our, other faculties, has, its limits,, and that, : whether- we will or not,Jwe must forget 'some- how ; and it is therefore important to do it as well as, possible. A bad forgetter may forget too often, . or too irrevocably, or indiscrimi nately, inopportunely, or partially ; or he may forget what is important, and remember what is trivial ; there is no end to the various blun ders which may be committed in uncultivated forgetting. It is hard to say whether it would :be the .greater calamity to lose the power of .forgetting or that of remembering. Everybody is ready to cammiserate the loss of memory, but to lose the power of getting rid of unplea sant recollections would be a yet more grievous misfortune to many people. It is a faculty of which we are constantly availing our selves, and to which we owe a great deal more than is commonly recognised. How ; much of the, .enjoyment of a summer holiday ? arises frpm the gradual, washing off from the , mind of all the duety details of the months spent in London ? Country pursuits and the beauties of nature, no dpubt have their charms, ?but we are much, mistaken if oblivion has not a yet larger,. share in the renovating effect of . the vacation.. 'Indeed, one of the most trying results of ..over- fatigue and nervous exhaustion is.to impair .that beautiful slipperiness of sur face which a healthy mind possesses in com mon with the plumage o! waterfowl. Nobody ought, to rejburn to work till it is restored, partly by re^t,: and partly by disuse of that pernicious habit of remembering engagements which has £00 often been contracted during the season. ,; There ard various trite and wise sayingsi about .the importance of letting no day pass without ,a line— without something done or acquired. , %o these we would add that no day should'pass without something being dismissed; it is as.much a necessary for the mind as for the body 'thai the dust of .each day should be washed- away. And since something . will surely slip away each day, would it not be well to take advantage of the necessity as affording theimeansof practice in the art of forgetting? It would be a fine, thing to have acquired entire control over that function of the mind, so that whatever was done with might be consciously and finally dismissed, and laid like a ghost in the Red Sea. The provoking thing is the way that recollections have of disappearing for a time, and emerging again just as they are riot wanted. Or sometimes they will retire to the half-cleared regions in the outskirts of con sciousness, and there lead a sort of will-o'-the wisp existence too vague to be of any use, but tantalising andmisleading to theirformer owner: Then, again, they will sometimes play a sort of, hide-and-seek, slipping out of sight just when one wants to lay one's hand upon them, and diving . deeper into the recesses of one's mind for every effort one can make to recall them. Or a fragment of a subject will dis appear, leaving a mutilated and useless remnant behind. All these vagaries would be sternly checked by a proficient in the art of forgetting. What was once banished from the mind would remain in exile for ever, unless recalled by the clemency of the despot. Chambers might be set apart in the mind for the reception of ideas only temporarily discarded, where they would be kept under lock and key till required. Others would remain within call, not obtruding themselves ' unasked, nor yet wandering boyond easy reach. When this degree of skill in f orgetfulnoss had been attained we should always know what was, and what was not, forgotten. One of the greatest disadvantages of our present clumsy method .of proceeding is the uncertainty which hongs over the history of the way in which the mind has dealt with a subject, leaving ;one in doubt whether what remains is the whole or a part — and, if a part, what proportion — of the original story. If every act of oblivion were consciously performed, we should not run the risk of putting forward imperfect versions as though they .were complete. Besides tho many con veniences which would follow from a more methodical and definite ' manner of forget Sng facts, much might be said on the ad vantages of a thoroughgoing way of forgetting feelings and people. Wo are Hot advocating any form; however mild, of inconstancy. It is a question, not of degree, but of kind. Let as many images as possible be preserved in all their original freshness and beauty. If anything or anybody is to be remembered at all, lot it be as fully and as faithfully as may be. But when anything ig to be obliterated from the mind, let it be wiped out as with a sponge, not allowed to perish by degrees like a fading photograph. Everything is judged of so much by its relations to other things, that a partial recollection often does less jus tice to tho original than a blank; for in the process of f adiug some parts will vanish inoro quickly than othevB, and what is left will bo a distorted and theioforo an untrue representation. Of course this process is to a considerable extent inevitable. Wo cannot, if ' wo would, preserve some of our impressions porfectly, and obliterate others entirely. And were it possible to have none but clear and full and complete pictures in the chambers of tho mind, their very clearness would imply a degrco of ?limitation whioh would make them even inoro inaccurato, becauso moro iua'dcr[uate, tlion widor though mistier views. But, not to insist upon tho strong probability thnt in most minds the proportion of haze is moro likely to be ex cessive then deficient, the question here is not whether pictures shall fade, but hew the fading pictures should be dealt with. And. what we wish to urge is that the process should not be ignored or left to chance, but carefully noted, and in some cases voluntarily performed. When we must forgot, let ,us know that, we aro forgetting. In justice to the once remembered but- no longer distinct images, let them not be compared with recent and vivid impressions, or reasened from as though they were still adequate representations of the facts. Let what is vague bo recognised as vague, and what is faded as faded, that the part may not be taken for tho whole, nor the incom pleteness of the past disparaged by comparison with the fulness of the present. If we forgot more clearly we should not do so much injus tice , to what we remember. Besides those cases in which all we can do is to take account of the changes which time will inevitably work without .our assistance, there are perpetual opportunities in every day's ordinary affairs for taking the matter into our own hands and summarily turning out of doors such inmates of our own minds as are neither pleasant-, nor profitable. All trivial matters of detail, is a rule, ought to be swept away at short intervals. It is ono of the most familiar of little annoy ances when some trifle- which in itself may be . entirely indifferent ' happens to get lodged in some cpmer ;of ..the mind, like a bit of dust in the eye; and most people know too well the distressing effects which are produced when the. power of. forgetting is weakened by illness. Things which are painful in themselves have of course a 'terrible advan tage in resisting the, efforts of the mind to dis lodge them, and therefore it is important to take advantage of the practice afforded by indifferent matters to strengthen the faculty of dismission. Yet in a healthy mind the painf ulness of any subject will in some cases assist the process by serving to deter the thoughts from any ap proach to it, until, after a period of resolute avoidance, the details are found to have dis appeared with the pain. When any subject resolutely opposes the efforts of the mind to get rid of it, some people find assistance 'in imparting it to others. The Ancient Mariner was in the habit of having recourse to this re medy. It is a sort of kill bi' cure treatment, of which we do not recommend the indis criminate use ; but ' if it be adopted, the choice of a listener is an' important branch of it. As a rule, the oftener the same person is made use of for this purpose the greater becomes his narcotic influence over the performer, as in the similar though reverse process of mesmerism. When a suit able confidant is not at hand, a tolerable sub stitute may be found in pen. and ink. But in these days pen and ink are almost as dangerous as alcoholic stimulants, and we do not wish to incur the -reproach' which is falling upon doctors for recklessness in prescribing such powerful and seductive medicines. Perhaps the most convenient method of learning to forget is to use books for the purpose of preliminary prac tice. The materials are so abundant, the pro cess so easy, and the results so perfectly safe that we. can unhesitatingly recommend this means of study. The first' step might be to pass through the mind's sieve a small quantity ofj newspaper every day, increasing the dose by degrees, until a mild form of periodical novel might be easily substituted for it. A gradually increas-, ing number of- parts might be disposed of every, day, until at last a whole novel could be got through at night, and so summarily dis posed of that no traces, should be visible by the rooming's light ; and- so on with essays, re views, history, and metaphysics (the order of succession being varied to meet individual cases) until at last even mathematical processes might bo made to disappear totally within a. few hours after they had been mastered. After this, the student will have but little difficulty in forgetting the events, first of 'his neighbors' and then of his own life, as rapidly and completely as can be desired. Salem, Mass., was thought, a few years since, to be cno of the ' finished cities,' but in the last year its taxable valuation has increased 3,049,600 dollars. A Match for the Attorneys.— Kecently the following amusing case was heard in the South Shields Police Court. William Emble ton, Templetown, was charged with assaulting Alice Embleton, on tho 28th of August. Mr T, G-. Mabane defended. Complainant stated that defendant took her by the legs and dragged her- out of the house, and would not let her in again, although she was his lawful married wife. When Mr Mabano rose to cross examine her, sho said she didn't need a 'torney, she could speak for herself. She was a scholard, and that was more'n he is. Sho not having had his meals roady ! lie had been fed like a fighting cock — (laughter) — he'.s as fat as a lark. (Laughter.) That'll do for you, Mr Mabane. He was not ill last week.. He lay in the house all the week. There was nothing the matter with him. He ili-used her because she wantod him to go to chapel. He told her he never learned the Lord's Prayer. Sho admitted that she had had three husbands, but could not tell whether any of them were living or not ; - she had seen one iately. She was in Barnes's public house the other night, but where was ho? Ho might be in the Low- street, 'and that was niore'n sho was. She wasn't fast for a man.' - She had only three. The Mayor: Are they all living ? Witness : No, one at a time; one ten years, another twenty years, and this one seven years. They could put that together. Ho knew sho was married, and she knew ho was married, and they put their heads together, and they lived together. Mr Mabano : Now, were you siug iug in Barnes's public house ? — Witness : An' if I was, I could siug them a canny soug ; it's not the first time I've sung on the streets for my bread ; but I waited till it was dark. I knew that if they didn't give us somo'at for starting they'd give us somc'at to, give over/' (Laughter.) Onboingaskedif ho was not poorly last week, sho said, *' Poorly, ayo ; but it was his heart. (Laughter.) He was frightened of his , work. Why, she could do tho work herself if they'd give her a suit of pit clothes.' Mr Mabano asking her to give over, sho said, 14 Give over! I won't., None of j-our jaw! Thou'st got plenty, and I's not far behind thec.' (Laughter.) After some words be tween her and Mr. Mabaue, sho had to Lo or dered to stand down, it being impossible to get a direct answer out of her. The ovuleuoo for the defence showed that tho defendant had beoH greatly jproyoked,. »nd in consideration of that a fine of only Is and costs Vbb imposed.— Newcastle Chronicle. ;'TT^ 