INVESTITtfRE OF-THE SPANISH CONSUl£ I WITH THE ORDER OF ST. GREGORY. ? V ' ? A beautiful, significant (and, in this colony*. unprecedented) ceremony took place at St. Mary's Cathedral last Sunday, when Doai jEdouardo San Just, the Spanish Consul, wa3, ' in pursuance of the terms of the Brief, issued : under the Sovereigu authority of Pope PiuB lXp ' raised to the dignity of a Chevalier of the Order, of St. Gregory, by his Grace the Archbishop of Sydney. After High Mass,- in which the cele brant was the Rev. M. J. Dwyer, with the Rer~. Father Paul Fitzpatrick as deacon, the Rev. , Brother Placid Quirk as sub-deacon j the Arch- . bishop, in full pontificals (attended by his assis tant priest, the Rev. J. N. Quirk, with the,' Rev. Padre Coletti and other clerical persons V ; took up a central position in front of the High Altar, and began the appointed service ; the Knight Elect, with his Esquire (Mr. F. Turville- . Private Secretary to his Excellency), kneeling aV two faldstools outside the rails. The preliminary ? prayers to the office were next recited, and, the sword having been blessed by the Arch bishop, the Chevalier and his Esquire were them . admitted within the sanctuary. There, with all the ancient forms of chivalry, as defined and recognised in the Roman Pontifical, the OblatuB was blessed, the Benediction being followed by ; the prayer Domine savcte pater omnipotens, and Monsieur San Just had conferred upon him the distinguished honor of being admitted into tho! Order of St. Gregory. The Archbishop then, presented the new Knight with the sword, saying the words following : — 'Receive this sword in the name of the Father, and of the Son, and of the . Holy Ghost ; and, so far as .- human weakness will permit it, may you injure ho one with it unjustly; which, may. He be pleased to grant who, with the Father' :; and the Holy Ghost, liveth and reigneth God, \ for ever and ever. Amen.' The sword was .them. ! replaced iu its sheath, the weapon being fastened' , to the side of the neophyte with the accustomed :. words ' ' Acciugere gladio tuo super femur tuuia _ potontissime ; et attende quod Sancti nooi va--'; gladio sed per fidem vicerunt regna.' The ? New Knight then rose, and unsheathing hits } weapon, brandished it three times in warlike ' fashion, recovering it over the left shoulder and f afterwards restoring it to the scabbard. The- - Ai'chbishop next gave Monsieur San Just the ? ?- Kiss of peace, the Accolade ou. both shoulders, ?? &c;, and, lastly, attached, to the left breast of the Knight, the beautiful red and gold eight- ;? pointed Cross of the Order. The Chevalier and i his Esquire, who had been kneeling before the venerable prelate, then rose and took their seats. ! His Grace then addressed the newly made ' Knight, and said that he had now, according, to J : the command of the Holy Father, and with the: ancient and beautiful rite of the Church, ad*--; rnitted and constituted him Knight of the Order :'. of St. Gregory the Great. He congratulated ; him on this distinction assigned to him in the . words ef the brief as a testimony of his. high deserts. He could not doubt but that her Most Catholic Majesty, to whose royal and religious ? munificence, we owed so much gratitude, would: I learn with pleasure of the high consideration in which he was this day so worthily held. If ???? honors derived a value from their source, and ? from the dignity and meaning of their object,: ? then certainly this distinction was one oi' greats intrinsic worth. In the office which had been held this day for the first time in these colonies we beheld in a striking manner the Church's teaching exemplified in respect of nature and grace — grace came upon nature and elevated it to a supernatural sphere. Bravery and truthfulness,., and honor and. temperance, and self-devotion for friends and country,, iu defence of the weak and lowly have always been gooU in their degree ; but .when .the light of Christian faith, and the splendour of Christian humility took possession of a Christian soklier, then we saw how grace transforms nature, and how our Lord deigns to 'crown in us his own gifts.' He concluded by exhorting him to : join with the Church in her. ^ prayer for him th^,fe day, that he might in --;reasG- « in faith, hope, and charity,, that he might obtaia. the spirit of humility,- ;perseverance, and patience,,, that he would ever, during. his lifo defend the. . right and oppose;Uie;. wrong. : At the conclusion1 ;of this impressive office the Te Dmm, was sung I -y the choir, during which ; the Newly Invested Knight remained kneeling.. ? Thi3 unusual eeni'uony was witnessed by the large congregation present at the mid-day masSo Ib will be remembered that it was through the : generous intervention of the Che iralier Eduardo San Just (upon whom this additional honor was conferee!) thai; liar Most Catholic Majesty was pleased to present that magnificent Altar. Service for the use of our new Cathedral, which has already been fully described in these columns. It is understood that Pope Pius was . so much pleased with the zeal and energy dis played by M. San Just, on behalf of the Church ' in. these colonies (both before and since tho ' burning of St. Mary's) that he resolved to ; give that gentleman, already a Chevalier of on©, i of the Spanish Oi\ltrs, this direct and peculiar- ' mark of his approval. 