. THE MAZAZINES FOR MARCH; ? The first paper in the Fortnightly' Review is exciting attention, as'it was sure to do., l'y'.somp it .will be read with feelings of distaste, h not of hatred; by others with a thrill of sympathy but by none can at be read with indifference. The Spectator calls it an ' extraordinary paper,' and extraordi^ nary indeed, it is, considering the subject, and.the wn.v in wlii.iTi tiinf. Rnhinnh is crpTinTnilv t,i'en.f,p.d both in Parliament and by the Press. The Saturday' Review ' calls it -. 'Reform run- mad;' and W i doubt' it' must seem so 'from a cer tain' - point . of : view, ' just as Paul's words of truth and soberness ., were, deemed, to be in dications of madness by Festus. There can be no doubt as to the earnestness with which Mr Harrisen, the writer of 4he 'pnper in question, deals with the subject of Reform.; and we must say that, whether we agree with his conclusions or not j it is this, very quality of earnestness which we like. It, is as re freshing, ; after the enervating hypocrisy and cant to which .we have been ? accustomed of late,' as : a cold bath after exposure to an .Australian ' 'brick-fielder.' '. Accepting the famous challenge put forth by:Mr Lowe, ;as to efficiency of the present House of Commons, Mr Harrison contends that it performs its task ill, and proceeds to show that by the proposed change it will perform it better. . What is it, he asks that this great institution, having the greatest of all tasks before it, charged with almost unlimited power, and inheriting the most splendid oppor tunity of modern times, has really^'effected within a generation ? Pointing to 'twenty years of la borious ?indifference and apathetic commotion, two thousand nights, twenty thousand hours: of . discourse, bills, resolutions, blue books, and returns by square miles,' — and asking what is the result ? he replies, .' tons upon tons, of spoiled paper, and the memory of some fluent talk.' Passing in review its do-nothingness in re gard; to national education, pauperism, Ire land, law reform, re-organisation of the naval' and military system, taxation and foreign po licy, he pronounces it ' false to its origin and to its 'end, obstructive of progress, nnd indifferent to its office ; not a real representation, but the mask only and symbol of it ; not a House of Commons, but a House ei Interests ; not a national Parliament, but the great council in our Venetian Constitution.' It is. not the radical John Bright who thus ruthlessly denounces the House of Com mons as at .present constituted ; it is a Fellow, of the University of Oxford, one of the new school of politicians who have unexpectedly sprung up within the precints of that time-honored stronghold of Toryism. - Mr Harrison, we understand, is what is ealled a Positivist ; ' and if it really be to the influence, of Positivism that we are . indebted for a class of men animated by a zeal for progress- such as is here manifested, we shall begin to think that there must be some thing in it after all. In dealing with the question of the' franchise, he brushes aside with vigorous con tempt the various theories and nostrums broached of late undor the names of . plural representation, minorities representation, and so forth. Here is one' man at least who has the courage of his opinion. 'Let power,' he says, ' be taken, from those who have it, and given to those who have it. not.'' The other articles in the number are all good. Swinburne's ' Ode on the Insurrection of Candia' 'has stanzaB gleaming with true poetic fire. Hepworth Dixon's recent book of travels furnishes materials for a racy, suggestive paper on the religious Utopias of the United, States. In the second instalment of his disquisition on Edmund Burke's ' place in English history, the editor rescues the character of that philosophical statesman from the charge of redaction brought against him by Buckle. Pro fessor Beesly's. paper on the.' Amalgamated Society of Carpenters ' is evidently written with a view of removing some of the misrepresentations attaching to Trades' Unions generally. Miss Cobbe, who promises to be another Miss Martineau in literary power and sympathy, culls statistics with the view of determining the question whether England is progressing or not, and arrives at this conclusion : — ,' Could we close our eyes to the growth of com ?mercial corruption and dishonesty, we might look cheerfully and confidently, if not with the romantic hope of 1851, on almost all the conditions of. our national virtue and national happiness. But until this giant evil shows signs -of diminution, until the conscience of tho people and the power of the laws be exerted vigorously to arrest its march, until then we i must fear that over our imperial England, with all. her power and wealth, her brave armies and splendid institutions, may one day bo pronounced the mournful judgment passed upon her mightiest son— ; .,?-??::?.??'' . ' The greatest, wisest, meanest ' of the nations. The British Volunteers, as well as the British Gre nadiers; are, no doubt, very fine fellows, in what-, ever part of the world they may be, embodiod ; but it is just possible that the childish; ridicule to which they were once exposed may have been succeeded by a fulsome flattery almost as foolish. There is, at ? any rate, a great deal of 'vague talk about the in vincibility of their valor — especially in after-dinner speeches. To the notice of those who indulge in ? such ':' high-falutin' oratory, we commend the fol lowing passage, from a second paper 'on 'The Army,' in the March number of Blacliwood : — The truth is, that a volunteer army, liko a national guard, is something rather to be looked at and admired than turned .to practical purposes. It is well that it should exist, because a certain num ber of young men learn from it how to move in unison with ethers, and how to shoot both with rifles and' cannon. But if the force is really to bo utilised in the hour of danger, Parliament must pass a bill putting the volunteers, equally with the militia, under the Mutiny Act, and withdrawing tke privilege from , individuals . of resignation at 'a: fortnight's^ ^-\ notice. Would the volunteers submit i to this if it- ?! came about,? We suspect not. Nine- tenths' of '^ tJicm, on the contrary, so soon as the scheme got ^?-?:-i- wind, would, unless we are greatly deceived, give' ?; ; notice of retirement at once, and so defeat the Ob- : ??'??? ? ?? ject of the bill before there was time, to1 pass i it into : - ' '-? law. And observe that. we do not write hypothe- :; .tically,,but from calling to mind what actually came ? ??? to pass sixty. years ago. The volunteer ardor was ? '; as keen when the inyasisn of England by Bonaparte was expected as it.couldpossibly be at any time, or has ever be'tsn since, and the martial spirit remained at ^ {.-_ fever heat for a good while. But frequent, alarms. ,r,,' and inconvenient musters' gradually cooled it, till at ... ,. last tho Local Militia Act was passed as an arrange- ,,!;,*'/ mentof paramount necessity. So. we suspect it - will . . j be again if England finds herself at strife with any.'.* ... power strong enough to threaten her with a landing'; ' ? . '.'', and; as we are certainly not how, what we were sixty. ,..'.','., years ago, masters of the sea, the sooner our vblunf .'.,' .r teerl system is either improved or merged in some-;.. '.'.*' ? thing else the better. ',' ? '?' ?''\\.^)l^ The critic who thus more, than hints, his doubt , of ?!;- ?»'?! the availability of the'home volunteers, as at present -- constituted, for serious military operations; stands' !'f''![ up stoutly for the Yeomanry Cavalry, whom it'' '!* has been the fashion of late , to snub, ,,j.u,.; iirid : sometimes to sneer at, :; .maintaining ;;:^)i that, if a little more attention were^paidto their .???.''.i/:.u spocial training for such service, their pluck, their, ; ;;; c ! muscle, their ' cross-country' local knowledge, tlieir / ''.^ first-rate horsemanship, and their first-rate horses, ,: , would make them almost inimitable, irregular. ,,.? cavalry in case of an invasion of Great Britain,1, a ?- ? -i contingency which, in spite of their .enormous army and ; navy estimates, our friends at home no .,?'? longer rank, with the chance, of catching ? larks i: ??- ;' in case, the sky should fall. Chess-playing .'- has been called ' a sad waste of brains;' the. same ;J description would apply, in the opinion of a good , . . many, to the study of metaphysics. Of course, it is:. :: ??,???. no. sufficient objection to. the study that it cannot -: answer ?? cui bono ? in a merely material point of '?'?'-} view; but its intellectual results are so un.: :. ' satisfactory. The successes of its teachers are' ;:. simply destructive.; the constructions they excogi-j ; tate i or reconstruct are in their turn dashed;' ;? down; and so the game goes on, like children ?' building and re-building sond-cdstles on the shore. ;' Ontological certainty is no greater now tlaan in the .''.; . '. dimly distant time when men first began dimly to, -;?..,!' believe that nouinena must underlie phenomena.' ^ Is noumena, however, a proper name for real exis- ; tences, when the nous, as at present constituted; ,''; can only guess at them through their phenominal i.'.,'..-t',. veil?. Both .by friends and foes metaphysics., has been : chai'acterised as a running in j a circle: is, it not somewhat like an '??' ineffectual attempt to realise the Yankee fiction: . of the circus-runner who ran so fast that ho got a', full view of his own back ? Mr Lewes's short sen- ,. .. tenco epigrammatically indicates the futility of - . grasping at The Absolute: ' To know more wo ? ?' must be more.' There is, notwithstanding, strange :.' fascination in the barren sport — a fascination which '.'. can to a certain extent be understood even by. .. outsiders who have read Professor Ferrier's .;?, . ?. crystally-worded, witty, humorous, satirical,1 ' eloquent ' Institutes of Metaphysic.' Mdrp': purely a metaphysician than almost any other man. of modem days, tho deceased St., Andrew's pro- ; fessor, nevertheless, has. put warmer blood into, metaphysical abstractions — in most men's books and lectures bloodless ghosts — than almost any other . metaphysician, except Plato, who ever gave his would-be answer in public to the insoluble Riddle of Existence. General, as well as speculative . readers, will find intorest in Blackwood's paper on '? ' Ferrier.' In Blackwood he first spread his wings for his Icarian flight, in his 'Philosophy of Con- ' scioushess,' and the magazine was also indebted to him for more widely intelligible contributions oil' ' more mundane matters. The tone of the paper, towards the Professor's system the following extract will indicate :— . ?: Can any mortal man understand what Mr Ferrier, ??', with of without the aid of Plato, has made of the J . material world as it exists in space independently of ? human1 intelligence ? Better have annihilated it at ' once, and put it out of : its misery. ? ' Not nothing, and yet less than anything' — such an ele ment is certainly not a cognition. How can it be an element in a philosopher's faith ? The cardinal point in Ferrier's philosophy is tha : the only possible object of thought is 'Thing mecum:' but is not this a fallacy to start with? How can the Ego be conscious of a combination of itself with a non-Ego of any kind without presup posing distinct conceptions of the two ? Tho very term ?2on-Ego implioB this. Pure idealism, is far more logical— to wit, that all that the Ego is con scious of, is of itself in certain- states of conscious ness. Let \is drop from the clouds to the clods, or rather to the strange cries that go up thence to the Heaveri believed to be somewhere or other above tho : clouds.' In 'Hymns of the Populace' some singular specimens are given of tho .psalmody that .finds favor: with tho most uncultured inhabitants of . Great Britain, and singular disclosures of what a Wesloyaa class-leader would oall their 'state of mind.' Thero is no supercilious sneering in tho paper; full juatioo is done to evangelists of the Richard Weaver class ; but, nevertheless, it is impossible to read the paper .without amusement, or : without regret that any people of British blood should be in snob, a ; condition to bo only open to ' converted collier' appeals : — Shame, properly speaking, there is nono in the lavish confessions of these stalwart sinners ; and for the reason that the preacher gains rather than; loses in the estimation of his hearers by tho magni tude of his errors. Wonder is tho especial delight of the vulgar, and grace attracts them moBt by what they regard asits crowning miraoles. Alady asked ono - of her maids why sho would walk four miles to hear a ronsing preacher, when the parish, clergyman was bo good. The reply was, ' They say.he was an awfn' bad man once.' There is, we cannot doubt, a secret sense of power in Richard Weaver, in that he capped the companions of his sinful days as much in oaths, fighting, . and general blackguardism as ho now rises above them as a man sought after and wondered at by pious crowds. And moreover he cannot but feel that his training in the coal-pit and tho furious relish with which he throw himself into such pleasures and eajoyments as come in the way of drunken colliers, do give him a swing and impetus that what he calls ' sytematicand gramma tioal preachers ' miss in their retrospect. More es pecially do denunciations come easy, and the terrors of the judgment, to a man over whose lips oaths once flowed like water in the running brook. Again, he-says : — Richard 'Weaver, sincere though we believe him, has no better tost than noise of effectual conversion. Until people shout they are doubtful. To 'die shouting' expresses, in brief, all there is to foe said. A good woman, who had borne a trying illness under trying circumstances with pious but quiet resigna tion, was considered unsatisfactoiy by her friends of this school ; till, worked upon by their exciting lan guage, at the moment of death, she yielded to pres sure. This put the ssal of assurance upon her state. All was right. ' She had hollered a deal.' The paper gives one a melancholy idea of the vast Amount of work there is still to be done in England by education, both mental and moral. Wide spreading and dense strata of 'her population have still to be dug down into by purifying enlighteners. She sends out missionaries to all the ends of the earth, and all honor to her for it — yet in her core / there is heathenism as, crass avid as cruel as any that Spoke . or Livingstone ever encountered. ' We should go to the ornithologist,' writes Emer son, ' with a new feeling, if he could teach us what the social birds say, when they sit in the autumn council, talking together in the trees.' Guesses at the meaning of bird language figure in every mythology. The twitter of the swallow helped to give rise to the gloomy tale of Itys, and in Fraser, in 'Village Sketches in Oudh,' another melancholy story is told to account for ' The Green Pigeon's Cry.1' The story is worth reading. The passively unwearying, . but actively most wearisome, ' A. K. H. B.' proses away in another ' concerning.' What he says, here as elsewhere, is sometimes common sense, but sense so common that it is scarcely the thing to parade with complacent conceit in a magazine article. That sugar is sweet and vinegar sour, that it is cold in time of frost and often warm in summer, that cats mew and cabbages are grown in kitohen gardena, are all, no doubt, unquestionable truths ; but if a man were to get up in the market place and begin to proclaim them, with a self-satisfied smirk, as personal discoveries, lie would probably not meet with very respectful listeners. Dr. Boyd's revela- . tions are of this kind, and yet he thinks them ?worthy of insertion in first-class magazines and of jrepublicatiori in handsome volumes — and, strange to say, they not only get inserted and republished, but the republications run to second editions. Jlediocribua eaBe poeiis Non Dl. non hoinmes, non concessere columnte; but writers of the prosiest prose would seem to be more fortunate. 'Shirley' is a far better writer than 'A. K. H. B.,' but Mr Skelton also can oc casionally twaddle, and fancy himself humorous and satirical when he isu't. Witness his ' Politics in our Parish.' The paper somewhat curiously ends with this apostrophe to Alexander Smith, printed in italics : — . ; And even while I write, thou too, dear old friend, laying down the poet's pen, the pen of keenest sense and kindliest humor, hast gone away into the Unknown Darkness that girdles this visionary life. We are such stuff as droams are made of. Visionary grow the old familiar scenes- and faces, as brother after brother steals silently from us ; spectral and remote the talk, the controversies, the criticisms, the habitual friendly greetings, that wore once so simple and common-place. These too, these vague wistful memories and regrets, the fleeting years will too quickly boar away ; but something surely must remain — something that will remind us ever and again that we have known one whoso life was just in the judgment of men and pure in the sight of God ; a noble, tender, truthful, modest and manly soul. The italics are not the- only affected thing about this — itsomehow does not ring quite true — behind the white handkerchief you- get a glimpse of the sentence maker, more proud of his mortuary per formance than mournful at the loss which gave occasion for it. Mr Trollope's story in the Gornhill has recently pro gressed very muoh in tho style of the drunken Green wich pensioner who got his wooden leg into a sink-hole, and hobbled round the' sink all night, under the im pression that he was making groat htisto to the hos pital. Florence Burton's perplexities have beon so long protracted that we have grown rather weary both of them and her. It seems that she is to have her precious idol after all. In regard tomanliness, Mr Harry Olavering, with all his good opinion of him self, and his creator's liking for him, is a poor creature, and no great catch for any woman;, but since plnoky Lady Ongar had set her heart on him, wo oannofj help regretting her disappointment. If she was willing to put up with so feeble- minded a fellow, it would have been bettor for all parties, in the long run, if she had securely re-lassoed her old lover. The following very sensible remarks, with which Mr Dicey prefaces his. notice of Mr Hepworth Dixon's mosfo interesting and successful book on America, are tho best extract we can make from niacmillan : — With every respect for the ability of Mrs Trol lopo, Mr Dickenra, or Mr Sala, and their imitators, I may fairly say tl'iat tho English public would know considerably more about America if then- books had nover been written. The real truth is, that America is the most trying subject in tho world for a pro fessional litterateur to write about, especially if ho happens to bo in the comio line of literary business. Paradoxical as JUo assertion may appear to tlio ordi nary English reader, there is very little opportunity for light writing about America. Some few. years ago, a friend of mine, who was about to cross the Atlantic on a book-making errand, come to talk to me before his departure concerning his plans. Like all persons who have never visited the States, he was convinced that he should find no lack of matter to describe, and remarked to me that he meant to do what never had been done before — to describe the common life of Americans. ' For instance,' he said, 'I shall give an exact description of a New England dinner party.' My answer was, that the idea wa3 excellent if he had been writing for French men, but that, as an American dinner party was the exact fae simile of an English one, a description of it would possess no special interest for English readers. My friend, I need hardly say, left me con vinced that my powers of observation were extremely limited ; but, before he had been a week in America, he discovered that the old country and the new were very much alike— too much alike, indeed, for the purposes of the descriptive writer. In truth, all the elaborate and ingenious theories which were pro pounded during the late war for the edification of our newspaper readers were based upon the assump tion that Americaus were fundamentally different from Englishmen ; and the reason why all these theories proved so lamentably and ludicrously wrong lay in the fact that the assumption in question was radio illy false. If critics could once make up their minds to recognise the simple truth that Americans are neither more nor less than Englishmen placed under conditions of climate, government and institu tions other than our own; the American question, so to speak, would present singularly little difficulty of solution. There is infinitely less difference between Chicago and Southampton . than there is between Dover and Calais, though the former are separated by twice as many hundred miles as there are single miles between the latter. If you want to understand America,, you must try and picture to yourself how the ordinary Englishmen you know would act under circumstances analagons to those existing across the Atlantic. In the Temple Bar Mrs Wood's rubbishy story, ' Lady Adelaide's Oath,' is fortunately finished. Mrs Wood has written so fast that she has not even had time to learn to write Eng lish. The same slips in grammar and verbal slovenliness that disfigured- her earliest works, disfigure her latest, and since in these she has run ' sensation mad,' her books now are simply unreadable by anyone of even ordinary education, in the true sense of the word. Those who still ad mire her are not likely te have their admiration increased by the discovery that has recently been made that she tries to palm off old tales by means of new titles. Those who have had similar professional engagements will acknow ledge the force of Mr Yates's remarks at the com mencement of his criticism of London theatrieal and music-hall performers, entitled ' At the Play:'- I wonder whether there is any truth in that story so often told to us in youth, tbat boys, when first apprenticed to pastry-cooks, are permitted to eat as many enkes, as much sweetstuff as they like, it being found that the illness which inevitably fol lows so disgusts them that all their predatory pro clivities are done away with for over, after, and the fascinating contents of the shop are henceforward safe in their hands ? I fancy there must be some foundation for the story ; at all events, I believe from experience, that were it tried it would prove successful. I say from experience, not as to matters of tarts, but analagous experience as to matters of theatres. In my youth I took the greatest interest in theatres and plays, and saw both in London and on the continent all that was best worth seeing, studied dramatic literature, listened with the greatest delight to the stories told of bygone actors of repute, and thought I could never have too much of my favorite pursuit. Then it happened that I was appointed to be dramatic critic of a great daily journal, and for six years scarcoly any new piece was produced, or any old piece was revived, at any of the numerous theatres in London, but I 'was pre sent at the production or revival, and wrote a more or less long description of it. Now, amongst the various pursuits in which I have engaged, I have never tried stone-breaking ; it would seem to be a laborious, and, withal, a monotonous occupation, but I should imagine it, on the whole, preferable, as an employment, to dramatic criticism. In the first place, anything done as a duty becomes at once objectionable. If you talk of the delights of tra velling ta a Queen's messenger who has just come from St. Petersburg at express speed, and who is expecting a sheepskin bag of despatches from the Foreign Oi-Iice, with which he is at once to start to Madrid, he will regard you as a lunatic, and tell you, with the lotus-eaters, that ' there is no joy like calm.' The adjutant of the depot, whose life is passed in grinding silly school lads and idiotic rustics into officers and soldiers, looks with the wildest surprise at the volunteers, and is ntterlj in capable of understanding how men can devote their leisure to that ' infernal drill,' and think of it as pastime. In the time of my dramatic criticism, friends, young as I myself was then, would express their envy of my poaition, and their belief in its ' jolliness.' They little knew the jollity of having, however tired or seedy you might bo, to turn out from your comfortable home and go down, no matter in what weather, to sit for houis listening to Stumper's tragedy, or Horsecollar's farces, or worse than all, Jinks's burlesques ; they little knew the jollity, instead of going away, as did the rest of the audience, to their suppers and their cigars, of having to trudge down to a ghastly little room, in a dreary old newspaper office, and there with the choice of burning out your brains under blaziag gas, or wearing out your eyesight under shaded dips, labor away for two or three hours trying to twist up the broken threads of the drama's plot into an intelli gible narrative, and to deal out justice among the actors and actresses, with all of whom you have generally a personal acquaintance, and who are, one and all, ready to ascribe any hint that they might be better, to deliberate malice and rank hatred on your part. Tho English are said to be a humorous people, and certainly some of the richest humor in the world is ombalraed in the English language ; Cockneys too, are credited with a vein of ge nuine, although vulgar, wit ; but of either wit or humor, not a scintilla can bo detected in the idiotic ' comic' songs which have long baen the rage at tke London music halls, mi bnvo travelled, tbeaco . ' '.'..' ' .' '- — .,-. .'.-'?? ',,--'?.-, '._-..' '-'-- — '^V to cormpt the popular taste of the provinces and colonies!, if Mr Yates's description of the dreary dolts who howl ' Slap-bang' and its kindred musical monstrosities is to be accepted as truthful. The -inly noticeable thing in the St. James's is a notice of Alexander Smith- — noticeable for the ludicronjsly stilted style in which it commences, and for the droll air of superiority to his subject as sumed by the previously unheard of 'literary gen tleman'' who writes it. . Them is a far better notice of the unconsciously plagiarising but, nevertheless, powerfully original poet, pjeasant essayist, . and genial ftiough re ticent' wan, in Good Words. Perhaps the eulogy is pitched a little too . high— the relative position*, cf the author of the ' City Poems' and ' Dreamthorpe' is assigned where posterity, should posterity become acquainted with him; will not place it ; but this is the excusable exaggeration of a re gretful .Friend. The sneers at Mr Geo. Gilfillan, however, are not so justifiable. A whilom Sydney celebrity, Frank Fowler, said wittily of Mr Gilfillan, ' He rums about with a soap-bubble, and thinks himself Atlas ;' but whatever opinion may be held o'f the reverend litterateur's style and his own estimate of it, there can be no doubt that' he has .been one of the first to detect young tolentin more than one instance, and has done good service in encouraging iti The engraved portrait of the poet ? in Good Words, as well as that in the Illustrated London News, somewhat flatters his ' frank,' but certainly not ' handsome coun tenance.' Mr Macdonald has given himself need lessly up-hill work in his ' Guild Court, ' by taking for his ' hero ' a muff so ineffable. Dr. Macleod's capital story of ' The Starling' proceeds famously. It has given great offence to tho ' most straitest sect' 'of the Sabbata rian Pharisees. The jovial editor must take oare or they -will make a Star Chamber, i. e., a Presbytery, Synod, and General Assembly ' matter of it.' In the Argosy, in the course of some 'Notes on Poetry and Poets,' Mr Matthew Browne very truthfully remarks, ' criticism of this kind may easily descend to triviali ties.' He seems to think that he is making a great discovery in proclaiming that alliteration lends its artful aid to poetry, and that recurrent vowels and liquids are main secrets of its musical gurgle. To prove these points, he pulls beautiful lines to pieces as children pick flowers, and blotches his pages with queer-looking quotations nncouthly printed with big letters. To call attention to the music of his own prose style — it. might not, perhaps, have been dis coverable without the hint — he informs us that, having written one word, he scratched it out, and substituted another for it ;'? and, with, similar- self- complacent egotism — perhaps to increase our astonijjhment at the prof ondity of his paper— he inti mates that it waa written ' in haste.' The greatest writer, who writes for money, has no right to plead that excuse as an apology for insufficient performance; but on the part of Mr Matthew Browne such airs of free-and-easiness are simply impertinent. His best is not so -very good that readers of the magazine which he is paid . to holp to fill should be called upon at any time to put up with anything he chooses to scribble in a hurry. Beyond his business of eBsay writing, what has he to do 'with his time to make it so marvellously precious ? And if he had anything, what concern would it be of those who buy the Argosy ? 