CHURCH OF ENGLAND CONFERENCE. (From the GOardian.) The Conference ofthe clergy and laitily of the Church of England nassembled on Wednesday. A ommunion s errvice took place in the forenoon, and at 3 o'clock in the aftenloon the Conference assembled to consider ..the questions to be submitted to them, viz., whether Sthe time had arrived for Synodical action; if so, whet Sbrmi shbould be adopted. The Right Rer. Bishop : rnfiell presided as Chairman. :. The proceedings having been opened with prayer, \- Arehdeacdn Glennie read over thIe list of members, ;-'wiirhctrab as followse--Revr. Messrs. Bliss, Clauglhto, "'Cytyp," Danrers, Dunninrg, Hart, Hoare, Jones, i' ?eia4ewseeMr,M eryMosely,lThackeray,Searle (absentl), IpSolatt,,.and Tanner (absent); Colonel O'Connell, Bin-Honor theo Chief Justice, His Honor Mr. Justice L'.rtiyyche, and Messrs. Darvall, Gibson, Suter, Boyee, t-illostrab, Tully, Blakeney, Dudgeon, Drew (absent), .':i6oth, Sparrow, Clark, Douglas, Groom, Lord, M te~ Ramsay, Coxen, Brown, Uhlr, Jones, Lawson .:q!t),Whit (absent), and Captain Hunter (absent). :. The Bishop then read the following opening ad doseas:- "M .... trI?~W aD E TrsnacRE AND BRETnREc OF pes E? arr?e,--It is a cause to me of deep thankfulnese ..to the Almighty Giver of all good that I hlave been permitted to invite you to this Conference, thle result of wlhich willb, Itrust, lead by thie Divile blessing to eandoption of some well-considered form of Synodi aal astion; and I cannot help eapressing the satis faeeion.whiech Ifeel that so smany of the clergy of my diooese have been able to accept tIhe invitation I ad Sdroesed to them, and that with so very few rexeptions the differenoat congregations of the diocese a'e repre sented by the presence of lay delegates amongst us. In inviting you to this Conference, I hare acted upon that which Ibeliere to be the authority inherent in nyo8eaies and in making preliminary arrancgemcets . toMibe convening of this Conference I hlave followed the course whicll I believe to have been almost uitearsally, if not indeed unirversally, adoped in othler i.. oeop upon similar occasions. I henve ievited every ;icallt male lay member of the Church to take a part .in the -election of those who might represent them at tle "O.n oence ; and I have required that those iwho have?ben eleced as representatives should, before taking a peat,in our Conference, subscribe a declara tiot to the elect that they are bonafide communicant mtembers. I haveheard, indeed, that upon one or two ocpunonsesxception has been taken to the course which " I uire thought it necessary to pursue; and, I belierd, it m some been considered that eveqry congrega ,i.s.oudave been left to determine in which way . res*enrten ~should be elected and lthat no sun itro?to"o id ho hare been required from those who ;.-]. 4'-ins represetntatives that they are &onafide; eomstmiicant maicbere of the comnmunion they are .p iomed to represent. I cannot but think, my ,:Gi iroe-thet if! had so acted I shlould hlave bean f fietif t.he authority whlichl I believero to be in herent in may office, of the constitution of thie Church, mand the nature of Church membership-for what, my brethrisi?~isthe Ohurch P It is no accidental gather ' nkof isdividual believers, but it is a corporate body, 'noddwed by ites DiVine Head withl specific powern for ,"he tllfllmestlof a ajeecite purpose ; it is, tile apostle el?ls d hubthe body of Christ, the fuaness of Him that 'ilh?6th altlInlill. And what, my brethren, is thie test ;sfoletOhlntrohbmembership but thait we, gladly receir r?'r? th?Word and beingbaptized, continue steadfastly . in ttaikpstiles doctrine and fellowship, ned ir break :--hEng?o-frbrsead;aid in prayers. I have, then, invited yoSouiemy brethLroa, tothis Conference in order that we \--me'atayae?enunisel together as to wbcethler we consider -.that?dee tite has arrived for the adoption of some '.Tdrie·etoynodical nation, and if so, what form rwe ihoauld desim to sdopt--'hether by legislative enCaCt S met, orebansuoil compait a ned I need scarcely re stnateyou -that in any action that we may take, in 'ateilde or that action to be elfreetueal, it will be nseces ent-ary .itat it should have tile concurrent assent of (·he:-imee.-toies--the bishop, clergy, and laity. , lbd herejmyIbrethren, you will, perhaps, excuse me if, adopting the spirit of, if not thie eract deaords of the present Metropolitan Bishop of Canada, (-toeupy a little of your time in some explanation .rnpi-apstngcalthe institution and meannig ofa Diocesan *. Synod,.M-d respecting the trie position of a bishop in his dionese. I wil not trouble you with too minute *- detala;-but will first refer to the scriptural eharaeter \- e6fthe power of thie bishops, scle as Timothy and Tfiten,. whbitero placed' by the apostles over the r Cnhurnhns, to setin ordir the thines that were wantinrg,' -lel roVideas a aultable orgnisation for the collecting ttbgetlthe:members and tile organising of the body. .aOnehit headI will road a short extract from Bishop H fll,'one ofthose prelates who in our Churcb stands Samosig thho highest for piety and learning. In his .ibosl whalieh:is a standard work on this eubject, lhe r6 elafnehpi- opacy tlus :t-' An eminent orderofsocred \--f7nadioaqsiappo ited by the Holy Ghost in the Evran ,igicalo Ohotleh; for the governing and exercising \--tihercf, lnd for this purpose besides tile administra \- n,,tckotiattbe wordsand sacraments, endued withl power M dm?ulbition of hands and perpetuity ofjurisdiction.' 'A .n nthlie'he goes on to say :--' It is aelicowledged by ' -thi Premsbteraans that there is a certain policy neces nn4.for -tbhe retention of the Chlurch's peace. That Sls picalosinhoold meet together in classes or Synods. 4fl?ehtori Bdn ods thus assembled there must be due r~seoraiept tT' hhatorder cannot be kept where thereit ,? . ~tqt ity of all pereons concerned. That it is oijs0deodieassary that there should be a head laidllnt er governor of the assembly, nlwho, when the csdsissluar I ended, returns to his own plaee witlhout a u ttfpkrmsia inequality. They, tie Presbyterinas, canr o' be ,eohtet .that tbeits should be a prime Presbyter, and thlat.hle shall moderate, for a time, thie public ' afifairn of time Churlch, but without all innate and fixed superiority, without nil (though never so mnoderate) jurisadiction. The Bishop, whom we contend for, is \- -ordained a perpetual mnoderator in Church affairs in a " fioed-imparity, eerceising spiritual jurisdiction out of S'lisi ?icsoneeeated acuthority.' Barrbw, dry brothlren, in his great work on thle supremacy of the Pope, takes ip'mths ant nt of the Diocesan Epiaeopacy, in order to urge it against the uisurpations of the Pope. He says, and his work is the standard one on the subject irhich blma never been answered by our opponents, and probobj ,never will be :-' At first each Church was ,seltlbd-apart under its own Bishop and Presbyters, ap..~~ iidependently to manage itsonc concerns; reach -'.-- s.governed by its own head, and hlad its owen lws. : vry Bishop, mo a Prince in his own Chlurch, did act . relacoerding to his will and discretion, with tice Sdvice of an ecclesiastical senate, and withl the cocsent ofdthe people (the whilch hie did use to consult), with out being eontrolable by any other, or accountable to 'any, furtler then his obligation to uphold thie veritly -f Christian professions, and to maintin fraternal ph..oeity and peace with the neighflouricng Churches -lid require.' That, my brethlren, was the position in Swhich the originsl bishops were ploced in their din " eseen. tshey were to rule and governc tahem, and carry on tl?s work of the Church wit hin tcem. As ncessityV .tpgired they called in the aeistance of the prcsbyters >?d people to aid them aith their counsel, and tiae -s sitiolt in wicleh we are now ploced. It is as . il ,of thlis diocese lthat I now call on you, the -'] msbutersand laity, to come forward and concur wita me in the great work of administering this dio .aesq, in organlaing a system, and giving cf 'el to ii when organised. Iask youa to uphold mry ehandsi the responsible mad herduous task laid on me. The above eLtralcts from tihe well-known works of Bishop illtl and Dr.w~rrow will enable you to understand c e when Isayit for any course of action whichi, after due delibbrption, we may determine to adopt, to be crce tual, it must lhave thie concurrent assect of thie three estates-tho bishop, clergy, und laity. Neither entate desires to claim asy superiority ocver or independeue of the other. As Bischop of this diocse, I desilre to organise and adaminister tice diocese, il and throughl the wisdom and authority of the Syrnod. Thie lBishol cannot act without thie conasent of tie clergy and laily, the clergy without thie consent of laul- aned bisho,,. the laity without the consent of Blisahop ned clsl-g. In constituting a Synod you, cIy brethr-eI , arce n1, "giviiighis jurlsdiclion to tIle ilishopl. We do not 'caskyod to create him, but to share witlh hidn a ptre already hile. Acd now, ace brethren, haaling elpoket of the institution and meaninre of a DIiocessrn Iynod, and the true position of a Bishoi p it his diocese, 1 would desire to say a few wordsc to yonu nwith regardl to the present posieioa of tie Colonial Church Iand its conneetion with the Churchl of thie mlotlce ccountry. lIe lately re-visiting nmy nattir land, I coulet not bad be struck with tihe yearneiig desire oihich I fteeed on every side to be exhribited for the reunioa of Clhrialec doam, for the healineg of thie bdy ir thle breachesl of Christ, now by achism and division so rud-lyi torn asunder. Blnt if we dare not expectl to be pereuittedl to behold in our own day lthat re-cniot otf (hristes dom for which we should never cease to pray, let u. my brethren, take careful heed lent b ay lay'hsty or precipitate actiou of s our own we raur Ihe fixity of our own widely spreading hraneh of the pure and reformed Catholic Clhurch of Christ. If we caonnot arrirve at suell a consent of Christendom, yet we can hIope that the establishment of Diocesan and Provincial Synods in the colonies and depeodencies of the Britishl Enipire may be stops towards enabling our own widely spreading branch of the pure and reformed Church of Christ to speak before long with the full voice of her collective body. A step--nd in my judgment a very intportant step-was lately takeu in this direc tion, whlen our venerable P'rimate lately inlvited the bisholps of those branches of the Catholic Church of Christ whlichl are in visible union and comomunion with the United Church of England and Ireland to the Conference whichl under hIis Grace's presidency, is about to be hIolden in the coarse of the present motlb at Lambeth. At that conference the present condition of the Colonial Chlurchl and its connection with the Church of thie mother country will, I doubt not, be carefully and prayerfully considered, and one serious question which we may opect will occupy tile attention of the Conference is hlow at once to secure the general unity of our now widely-spreading branch of thle Catholic Churbch o( Christ withl tlhe necessary independent government of thle several branches in all matters of local detail and internal discipline; remembering that the Church of England for upwards of two htndrted years after the Reforma tion, was confined almost entirely within the four seas thlat surrounded the British Isles, whilst its wonderful progress within thle last half century, or something more, including the transatlantic branch. in thie United States, has lmnost equalled in magni tude the growth of the Church in the Apostolic age. I shall purposely refrain, my brethlrenr, from entering at any length upon the consideration of this question, because I think it is our wisdom to await the result of thlose deliberations, and trust to profit by the wisdom and experience of those whlo will be assembled at that Conference. This mnuch, my bretthren, I would desire to say, in considering the relation of the Churchl of the mother country to the Clhurch in the colonies, it will be inecessary for us carefully to distintguish between whatu are tile essentials and what the accidents of the Church. Thie Churchl at hIome is at once ntational and catholic--tlhe Church in the colonies is cathlolie but not national. Catholicity is of tile essence of thle Church-its nationality or eu tablishlment is an accident. Thie Church at home is a part attd parcelof the Britishl Constitution-in the colonies it is a voluntary association; as such it desires to be regarded, and claims to be in no better or worse position tlhan any other relinious denomina tion; and if thle Presbyterian or Wesleyan, or any other religious body are able, without legislative ennct ment, to organise themselves, I can see no reason why, if after umtutre consideration sucl a course is con sidered to be tle most expedient, the Churlch is not able to do likewise. Thie lrst question then, mny brethren, wvhlieh I should desire to submnit for your considera lion is whlethler, it your judgment, thle time Ihans arrived when it will be desirable for us to enter upon some form of synodical action ; and if thli is decided by you in the alllrmative, lthen lwhat form of eynodical action you would desire to adopt. Whether it shlould be by Legislatice enuetme.tt or counensual coospact. Differenct forms of synodical aetio hnave, as you ro aware, been already adopted in several of thle Aus tralian dioceses. It will be for the Conference to decide whlihl, if any, of those forms they desire to adopt. I shall be ready, my brethrenl, to accept .whicherer ithe Conference may desire. Whlilst as at present advised, I have no lhesitation in saying that I tlhink it would be desirable to adopt a form of con sensual compact, with an application to the Legisla ture, if subsequent elxperience should prove it to be desirahle, for some simple enactment whilch, with due regard to vested interests asd speoific trutls, nmny etuble the Synod to deal with the temporalities of the Church. I hlave already, my brethlren, claimed your attention for a somewhlat longer time than I had in tended, but before I bring this address to a close it may be desirable thlnt I should briefly refer to some of the many impoltant questions which would claim the attentiolt of the Synod. First, then, I would say, in tlhe colonies we are a voluntary association, asd it will be necessiry for us to adoplt a constitution. Upon chat then, I would nok, should that constitution be based but upon God's written Word and the Prayer Book, the best interpreter of the Bible, in reverently ocknowledging the sacred volume which we receive, slot as being thle word of man, but as it is in very deed the Word of God, nwe would earnestly contend for the faithl once delivered to the saints. Having adopted a conetitotion, the Church being in itself an expatdiug body, it would be for the Synod to make arruangemtnls for icreeasing the number of her minis tering servants, who may occupy some openings in the vast mission field, attd supply the places of those of us who, from being labourers in the field, are called in the evening into thle presencee of that Lord who sends us into thle vineyard ; thle sustentation of the i clergy; tilhe organisation and subdivision of parishes; the appointment of clrgy-; the consecration of churchee and cemeteries; thie education of the young; tlhe supply of tile occasional offices of tile Churlch, such as marriages anud burials; the adoption of some model trust deed; or the appointtment of a board, who, subject to thie control of the general Synod and to the terms of anyspecific trust, might stand possessoed of lands and moneys, either granted by the Crown or given by any individual members for thle use antd benefit of the Church ; thle education of thle childret of the clergy, and some provisionse for those who, tlhroughl infirmity of age, are no longer able to fulfil thle sactive duties of the ministry here ; and many other equally important subjects would claim the attention of the Syunod. As the chlief pastor of tihe whole diocese, to the bishop is entrusted the ordina tion of ministers nwho may bo associated with himt in themministry of the Word and Sacranment the cous firmation of the young; thie dedication of a specinl serriceo to Almigltty God of buildings, separated from all ordinary and profano uses, and speoially devoted to Hlis service. It is thus, my brethren, that I have over considered that the appoitunltent of the clergy to assist hIim in ministering to sthe diffierentcongregations was intlerent in the ofice of the chief pastor of a diocese. Gladly shalll I dicest myself in some men sure of this great responsibiility, and readily shlall I concur in any careftlly considered measure by whlichl theo members of the different congregations may have a voice in the appointment of thie clergy; and now, my brethren, may God in His great mercy be with us in lthese our deliberotions; and may HIe, for Christ's sake, enable us to do thlat whlichl shall be most condue tire to tise increase of piety sand the furtherance of true religion amongst us." Thte Bishop, at the conclusion of the address, said tIhe subject he would suggest as first demanding consideration was whether ithe time had arrived for the establishment of some system of Synodical action. Mr. Justice Lutwychlo moved-" T?l at it is sthe opinion of thlis Conuference, that thle time has come for tuking Synodical action." lfr. Coens seconded the motion. The question was put and passed. Thie Bishop said the next thing to be decided was what form of Synodical naction they should adopt. Mir. Blakeney thlought thlst a cotunittee of five or six genttlemen of known intelligence would perhlaps come sooner to a conclusiot as to w'lt system of Synod they lshould adolpt tlhan thie lirger body. W\'ithl that vietr he would move-" That his Honor the Chief Justice, his Honor Mr. Justice Lutwyche, Colonel O'Contcell, stessrs. Gibbou, Courn, and tle uover, be appointed a cotmmittee to consider this qcestiou." ifr. D)arall thoughlt tile form of voting shlould be settled before any other. If the votes were taken all round, mans for mtan, the clergy would always be in the minority. lie thlought thd lay memceru should rote as one body, the clore?y us anotshei; and the IBislop us anothler. Hie movedIl thlat he Bishop, clergy, and laity vote eeparviely as separate bIodies. The Ile-. E. MIoberly seconded the motiot. In answer to Mr. Groons, Ther Iillrhop sid, that in tile proceedinsgs ofa Svynod, the Itislopl geterlly aBlstained from votisng; bt l tsie nletion of lthe two otlher bodics required his formal nassent. ]fs tloight it waso better for thec Bishop not to soti,-, excelt where nt ilnmportltntt isrineiple w?s involvred -is, limr iustmnnce, in case ats sttemlpst iwa mtade to alter lhe 1)rayer-book. Even ifuaqoestioo wsas tot decided it the best way by the two otsher ordmro, it wnold be hiis dnty to acelt tiheir deeisttn. lie ought not to Co t-e all the reiponsibility. lis intention wuls he to msseet (uhless colmse sstter of imporhttn i antd prilnciple wr~a involved) to any ques tion carried iy lergylr andl laity. h.r. Gibbon thloughls it would only be necessary for hIis lordohilp to solo in case of tte roles beinig equal. fr. Tustice Lutwvelche sail thalt in a Synod it was essentis, s a funlldaimental rule, thut no measuro pnssed unless tsie three orders nasented to it. Mlr. Gibbon appeared to be utider thie impression tIhat two orders could pass a nmeasure. Mi,. Ijibbon sid thalt hie Ihaud been under tllit impression. The Bishop said that if it was the case thlat ltwou of the orders could decide a question, hie and tihe clergy could outrvote the laity. But they could not do so. Nothing could be done without tihe concurrent action of the three orders. Mr. Dudgeon wished to know if his Lordehip intended to reserve to himself the power of vetoing their proceedings. The Bishop thlought that the word veto had better not be used. He only claimed for himself that which tie also claimed for thIe laity and clergy. The word veto misled people. He did not mean to say he should veto, hut tita he must assent. Ho could niot veto them, and they could not veto him. Mr. Dudgeon said that the Lord Bishop of Sydney, lfiteen or sieteen years ago, was desirous of forming a Synod there, but he claimed the power of vetoing all questionethat came before the Synod. Tleelergyfm d laity would not agree.to it, and the consequence was that the formation of the Synod had to be deferred until a few years ago, when tile Bishop agreed to resign his claimn to tie vetoing power. The l1ev. J. Mostly said that thle clergy did not wish to be regarded as antagonistic to thle laity, but desired to work in brotherly union with them. He moved,-" That votes of the clergy and laity be given separately or by order only whlen one member of either body demands it." Mr. HIalloran seconded the motion. Mr. Sparrow was not disposed to vote on this ques tion until he had had more time to consider it. Mr. Faircloth supported Mr. Mosely's amendment, and expressed the hope that they would come to a decision without further delay. The Rev. J. Bliss thlought that if lheart-burnings ansd disagreements would arise whenever an exceptional case was made, the best plan would be to make it a rule that eoch order should vote separately. The Rev. J. Mosely said that, as ill-feeling might arise if thle muethod of procedure lie proposed wnas adopted, he lshould withdraw hIis amendment. His only object in speaking was to'do away with the idea that the two orders were antagonistic. (IIHear, hear.) The samendment was then withldrawn, aid the original motion put and passed. (We presume thlat Mr. Blakeney's motion also was withldrawu.-Q '.) Colonel O'Connell thloughlt it was desirable that they should have before them some knowledge of thle synodical systems obtaining in tite other colonies. He moved,-" That a committee of the following gentle men be appointed to consider and report to-morrow what in their opinion would be the best form of Synodical action, viz.--The Right Rev. Bishop Tuof nell, the Very Rev. Archdeacon Glennie, the Rev. Messrs. Mlathlews and Bliss, and Messrs. Darrall, Ramsay, and Douglas." Mr. Moselyr seconded the motion. Tihe lishlop enid that in tho diocese of Adelaide the Synod was bused upon consensual compact. In Vie toria, thle Church Assembly was sanctioned by the Legislature. In New South Wales, the Synods of Sydney and Newcastle were recognised by the Legis lature; but the Act of Parlinment was rather compli aented. In esLtern Australia he believed there was no Synod, as it was a Croon colony. In Tasmania slere was a Svnod based on consensual coumpact. He had thie New Southl Wales constitutions and many of the New Zealand ones. Mr. Douglas had made up his mind as to whlat lie desired should som bie done, and would give notice of motion to the effect that it was not desirable to apply to thle Legislature to render legal any of their Sonodi cal proeedisngo. Colonel O'Connell withdrew the motion he hld previously moved, and substituted the following in place ofit :-"That lthe following gentlemen heap pointed a committee to examine and report to-morrow to this Conference thle systemns ofClChurch Government existing in thle other colonies of Australasis, niamesly : -The Right Rev. Bishop Tufise]l, the Very Rev. Archdeacon Glennie, thle Rev. J. Bliss, thle Rev. J. T. Msathews, and Messrs. Dar l, amsy D Douglas." Thle Rev. J. R. MoFltt seconded the motion, which was put and passed. Mr. Justice Lutwyrhe said it was not neiesesry to give notice of a motion. Of course it wen perfectly competent for any one who thought proper to give hIis hearers notice of lwhat ehointlended to do; but he took it that notice of motion was not indispensable, and thlat any member could bring forward a substantive resolution upon any point whiclh Ie considered the Conference should entertain. lie took it that every gentlemsan present, clerical or lay, had turned over in his mind the advantages or disadvantages, pro and con., of a Synod under voluntary compact or snder Legislative enactment. IHe deemed thle discussion unnecessary. His minid linad been made up long ago; and in accordance with the conclusions he had arrived at, he would move,-"That in tile opinion of this Conferencee the Synod to be hereafter convened shahll be founded on the basis of voluntary compact and not on Legislative enactment." Archdeocson Glennie seondded the motion. Mlr. Tully, Mr. Blakeney, and Mr. Sparrow thought the Conference should have before it the constitutions of thle other Synods in Auetralia before coming to a decision. Mr. Blakeney said thlat they lhad not all the same facilities as lMr. Justice Lutwyhe for coming to a conclusion as to what basis would b e e hest. ier. Douglas said that IMr. Justice Lutwyche's reso lutior met the question mnore antisfactorily than that of which h hhad given notice; Iheshould not proceed with hIis own. But he thought tlhant they ought to have the comnmittee's report before deciding the matter one way or tile other. He mnoved,-" That thle Con ference now adjourn until next day at 10 a.m." iMr Blakeney piroposed, as an amendment, thlat the Conference should adjours until 2 o'clock. The amendment was put and negatived by ten votes to eight, asd the original motion was carried by a umajority of two. (None of the clergy voted on tile question.) The Conference adjouned at 5 o'clock. 