Uciiiai'kablc Delusions. (From tin Liverpool Albion?) Iu the Court of Probate Sir J. P. Wilde gave judgmont in an extraordinary will oase. A Mrs, Tlmaytes, lately, resident at Hyde-park -gardeus and Worthing, had died, leaving, by will, the wholo of her valuable property, estimated at £400,000, to her medical attendant, Dr. Smith, aud a Mr Sam. Smith, who were not related to her. This will was disputed by the deceased's sister, Mrs Tebbitt, on tlie ground that the de oeased was incupuble of making a will. Tho trial revealed some extraordinary facts. Tho whole history ot the testutrix was remarkable. She was originally of very humble rank, but a wealthy city tradesman made her liis wife, and at his death, a few years ago, he left her the enormous fortune of £400,000. Seme time be foro his death her extraordinary illusions began to mauifest themselves. Hor husband was de votedly attached to her, but she took it into her boad that be wanted to poisou her, and a year or two before she became a widow she fancied that she was seized with blindness and wss pbysioally born again, with new body, bones, nerveB and blood. From ibis period dates the beginning of a conception on her part that she was a' memker of the Trinity. She spent £15,000 in fitting up the drawing-room of her house in Hyde-park for the judgment of the world at tho las; day, and provided hersolf with a superfine chignon and a coronet of diamonds that she might play her part with duo splendour on that occasion. In Dr. Smith, whoso first acquaintance with her appears to coincide with the beginning of the hallucina tion, she reoognisod another person of the Trinity She was accustomed to declare that she was the Holy Ghost, the third person in the Trinity, and Dr. Smith waB. the Father ; that she was above God seven degrees ; that she sent the cholora or the influenza through all creation, and that it had to go through her first ; (hat the brutes bad been attempting to poiaon her ; that one stage of her work was blindness ; that sho had gone through tho now birth1 — every bone and sinew and drop of blood had .been made new ; that if the Almigbtly loBt hor everything would go to cliaos; that she was about to bring forth the Saviour of the world ; that she held direct com munication with the Father ; that sho was the first great cause and the pivot on which the whole world bung; and when the work was finished she would have Buckingham Palace and Windsor Castle ; that sho and the doctor made the thunder and tho lightning, and were in their glory in a good thunderstorm ; that they were the supreme beings, and communicated together, jlicugh tbey wero absent from one another ; that tlie judgment of the world was to tako placo in hor drawing-room in Hyde-park, and that she was to take part in it with the Lord Jesus Christ iu conncotion with Dr. Smith. Dr. Smith, she often declared, knew everything she did ; when he came to seo her onoe a fortnight it was then they managed all their affairs, that was the express timo the work was carried on. What ever the ' work' waB, Dr. Smith made a good a thing of if. When her husband was lying dead and bofore hiq burial, she made a draft will j (dated December 19th, 1834), by whioh, with j tho exception of about .£50,000, she bequeathed all the vast property Bbe had just acquired to Dr. Smitb, who was a stranger to her by blood, aud whom she had known only sinoo the illness two years before, when her mad notions about the Trinity first appeared. This was followed by an annuity of .£2,000 to the same gentleman in payment for the trouble he took in drawing dividends for her, and by dona tions amounting altogether to nearly .£50,000 Mr Samuel Smith, the doctor's brother, also ob tained a free lodging in her house and £-100 a year, although Mrs Thwaytes appears to have had a personal dislike to him. Nor did the influence of the Smith family stop here. When Mrs Thwaytes came into her fortune she was very kind to her sister, Mrs Tebbitt,, providing a house for her, aud giving her £30,000 : but on a year or so later, on a trivial difference of opinion as to a cadetship for young Tebbitt, she titrned her sister out of doors, deolaring before all the household that she was the ?' child of a devil.' In taking this step Mrs Thwaytes said that she acted by the advioe of her friends, and tlie Judge Ordinary finds it diffioult to suppose that Dr Smith was not one of tho 'friends' who in fluenced her against her sister. The testator's mode of life was very simple and her expenses moderate— within £2,000 or £3,000 a year But at her death she left barely as much as sho had received from her husband. What became of the rest is not known. It may have been absorbed in the ' work ' of the Trinity, for whioh there arc 110 vouchors or aooounts, or simply muddled away by bad management. By the will now overthrown Dr. Smith and his brother were made residuary legatees to the amount of .£18,000. She did not nlways name the same persons as constituting the Trinity, and one witness went so far as to say that she spoke of introducing a fourth person into it. Notwithstanding, again, hor belief in her immortality, she ordered in 1864 a vault to be prepared for her own burial aud that of Dr Smith. Sho betrayed not the least en thusiasm. If contradicted or disbelieved, she only | said, ' I see you are not rightly constituted,' or ' Go and take a walk,' and sho would not renew the subjeot. She scarcely ever went to churolt and indeed, on her own principles thero was little reason why should. She went to churoh once at Canterbury, and there heard a sermon which, according to her delusion, was about her' self. She Fouybt, however, to make no converts j she promulgated no dootnuos ; she made no efforts or sacrifices to advance her belief. On the oontrary, she livod a quiet, regular, and simple life. She always took an early dinner, she slept in the afternoon, and enjoyed a game of wbisc in the evening. In short, the persuasion under which she laboured was a purely mental delusion « ? r il ? 1, - ?- ? ?--?-£ UIWIO ? -V«U. The Judge Ordinary delivered an elaborte judg ment. lie adopted the doctrine laid down in Waring v. Waring that 'a person who is -the subject of monomania, however sensible or prudent on all subjects and occasions other than those which arc the special subject of his apparent in firmity, is not in law capable of making a will,' and beiug of opinion that the evidenco fully established tho monomania, he held that the will wbb not logal, nnd therefore fell to the ground and her heir-at-law- will snoceed to her property. 