j, TO THB EDITOR OJT TUB ZUPIRB. Sir,-Permit me, through the medium of your journal, toonil public a't ntion to the proceedings of Qie Court of Fa'ty Sessions At Eden, TarofoM B*v, iq i lie hope of thus eff.-otmg either the total removal, or somo judicious change of the responsible pa'tirs. It will, doubtless, be admitted by all, that tbe p^or settlers of New South Wales have quite enough trouble, -privations, anxieties, and expenses to en- counter, without being bom ulled to Btibmit to unjust and unnrcessary court-, bailiff, a d otnsr chargea and expenses, rons-quent upon bluiidering verdicts. The usually procrihed limita of a letter doea not ¡er rai t the enumeration of tho many ca»ei of maladministration of the law tcuawh to occur in the EJuu Oóurt, ot Petty Sessions. A summons case was lately called for hearing in the Small JJobts Court, . Tb. re was not. any appear-' ano of the defendant, nor was there nny proof of the service ef the summons offered or called fur, in fact, j . no muumuus WHS DOT. leeucu m time; notwithstanding which, and to the amazement ot"all in roar!, the police magi,ira e gave a verdict for the plain'ill". A warrant of execution waa issued; agaii st the go ids, Sc, ot the , unfortunate and unconscious défendai t, a poor, indu tr ouu, honest- larmer, residing some forty nailes or more from Kdm.. The cletis of the conrt, owing to his great age, deaf- ness, and general infirmity, wo cannot hopo for im- provement in him, «Viten lie first arrived in Edon (about two years ago) the inhabitants wero filled wir li. estonia' meutt and, indignation, at the great, want of prudenct) and respect, exhibited on tile part ol'Mr, Cowper towards the resident« of this pluc, in appoint- ing ? uoh a person to perform so onerous a du y, viz, to ride above seventy milos over ns rugged and bio^uti a tract of wild country as can bu found ou tho fa<-o of the earth, IIB often as once ar twice every fourteen days, while a thoroughly qualified, recogni-ed IUOKI candidate, with really firat-cl.ss testimonial*, was un- employed, and ready to accept ellice. 'I bu cons' qnence is, he proved unequal to the t-slr, and the Bptriied people of liega sought -for, ami obtained tho appoint* taint of ii local cteik lor themselves. Thus the publie are su-idod with- thu extra expenso of tilia iit-wjy ¡created uflicr», while it competent person could, ui previously, perloim both dutios efficiently. Al,nlnr..»m" f,.r int rmlin., rh,ll unun Mr v.ilnnhlA ?poer, , I bave, Sta, ' I PRO BONO PUBLICO. | _ 'Tile Ghost' is man'd lagt conundrum, and overybodv is obliged to giru it up. i . An ii siirnnort cnmpmy heads ila advertisement thoB -' best lives taken at lo»est ratee,' 