CHUBCH OP ENGLAND. | DIOCESAN SYNOD. TUBSDAY, AMUX2ND, 1867. The Holy Communion having been adminstered ta the members at the cathedralat 11 o'clock, the Synod met at the school-room, Harrington-street, at noon Tho Bight Rev the President formally commenced the proceedings by delivering the following - OPENING ADDRESS. Upon the opening of the third session of Synod during my episcopate, I am thankful to the Head of the church for the language of hope and encourage- ment which He pormita mo to uso I am sure that tho moro faithfully wo use the means placed at our disposal, the more abundantly will those means be enlarged If the church prove her divine mission by exhibiting the faith once delivered to her keeping, without addition or subtraction-by sotting forth Christ in all her teaching, whethor by word or hy sacrament,-shomaj rest sure that hor Lord will never forsake hor It is only by tho unfaithfulness, worldhness, and famt- heartedness of her ministers, thatjwe can lose the virtue of those outward credentials which, as a true branch of Christ's Holy Catholic Church, wo claim He who can act accord- ing to the good pleasure of His will or from the stones raise up children unto Abraham, can exchange one instrument for another, and the promise to be with us to the end of the world presupposes our own fidelitv and allegiance If wo really behove that our ministry comos down to us by the imposition of hands from apostolic days, and will have men behove it too, we must give full ¡proof of our ministry by daily devotodness to our sacred calling, and the Holy Spirit will stir up tho hearts of the lnity to consecrate their worldly wealth for tho extension and the establishment of tho ordinances of grace Wlion last wo mot, wo lookod at tho estimates of tho coming year with footings of some uneasiness Both Arch- deaconries employed tho language of despondency Fresh engagements woro forced upon us, involving fresh liabilities, in tho face of tho fact that smaller ones of former years had not been met But the«oxperience of tho past year goes happily to prove that if only the diocese has a clear statement of its spiritual wants put bofore it, coupled with the assurance that those wants will ho supplied with a vigorous and an evon hand, there is no lack of sympathy and liberality ínthehoarts of Tasmanian churchnton For the first time, I am ablo to an- nounce that ovory engagement has boon kept with the clorgy For the current year, I have the pleasant duty to report that still further provision is being rando for tho rapidly increasing population of the North Coast. Last year, tho district of tho Mersey, tho Don, the Forth, and the Leven, woro placed under tho superintendence of an ordained clergyman, in the hope that in the courso of timo the inhabitants, taught to exponence tho value of religious pnviloges, would desire to have them extended Already has this hope beon roalisod The districts of tho Leven and Forthhavo made great efforts to supply funds forthe maintenance of a deacon-curate in the place of acatochiot, so that they maysecuie the more regular and ordorlv ministrations of the church Tnoir ¡»cal has hoon further evinced by the subscription of considerable funds for the erection of a church upon the banks of each of those two riv ors I am happy further to report that the cure of Boss, so lorn» vacant, has beon at length filled up, and there is reasoa to bohovo that, if tho patrons hive been tardy, thoy have beon also successful in finding a man of zoal, and good roputo for faithful labour The cure of CampbollTown, rendered vacant by the lamented and early death of a devoted yonng clorgv man so soon aftor his arrival amongst us.has boon filled j up, at loust for a timo,by a clergyman who brings with him high testimonials from unothor dioceso Tho samo remark applies to Sorell, in tho Southern Archdeaconry The proposal of uniting Jericho with Colebrook Dilo has boon effected by the ap- pointment of tho Rov H Adams, hut as a vacancy at Oatlands has occurred, the Synod has the oppor , tumty of re- oponing tho question whethor wo may recur to the former arrangement. It is a Subject also of congratulation, that in two large parishes in this city there are now employed either an ordained curate, or a lay-deacon looking forward to holy orders. In dealing with large masses of the popula- tion abounding with ignorance and ungodliness, it is desirable, wherever practicable, that, as of old, the bearers of Christ's message should go forth two and two. In the instances to which I refer, no additional burden has been laid upon the funds placed at the disposal of the Synod. I have still to express my deep regret that no provision has yet been made for the various nnd increasing townships scattered along D'Entrecasteaux Channel. A year ago, the inhabi- tants promised out of their narrow resources to contribute £55 towards the support of a resident clergy man, in the full expectation that Synod would meet the subscription by a grant. After doing their part, they were told that Synod could not do its part. I do trust that the claim of these long-suffering people will be considered of primary importance. The system of lay deacons, or readers, which is the technical designation adopted by the church at home, to indicate men without the holy orders who are ready to supplement the work of the ministry by such labors of love as a Iayman can discharge, has worked beneficially. There are now numerous localities in which the congregations are held together by the help of zealous laymen, who unite them by the use of our beautiful liturgy, assembled sometimes in the school- house, sometimes in the store-room. The boast of our reformed church is, that she conforms in faith and practice to the Apostolic and primitive model In the early ages, the lower orders of the ministry were with less rigidity adapted to the altering wants of the church, and the revival of those minor orders, whether evangelists, pastors and teachers, or the original order of deacons and deaconesses, would often call out a Stephen, a Philip, or a Phoebe, " for the work of the ministry, for the edifying of the body of Christ " That these minor ministrations woro not noccssarilj of a temporary character is guthorod from their juxtaposition to apostlos andj prophets, as woll as bv this definition of thoir labors,-" Till wo all como in the unity of the faith mid of the knovvlodgo of tho Son of God, unto a perfect man unto tho measure of the stature of tho fulness of Christ 1 ho judicious omplovmont of la) /onl would bo often found to curb its erratic outgoings, and to prevent anomalous instnncos of indopondont action contrai \ to tho discipline which wo hav o rocoiv ed Tho primitiv o churoh, too, sots us n useful lesson in rogara to tho Dmconato Prncticillj, sinco the Reformation, tho Church of Thi .rlnnd has but two ordors of tho ministry Tho oxigoncios of the colonial church require a moro defined and distinctive Dmconato Thoro aio mon, of /oal and lovo, whoso soi vices aro continually lost to our church hy her refusal to find thom room for the cultivation of thoir tnlonta Thoy ma) not have loaming and other personal advantages whioh qualify thom for tho higher ordois of Christ's mims tr), and their services may bo secured for a moro modost remuneration Thoro aro districts again, as on tho North Coast and along the Southorn Chnnnol, which mo too oxtansivo for tho supervision of one Piash) tor, and thoio aro not funds for tho support of two In such casos, it would be our wisor policy to n lopt the moro primitive Dmconato,-tho consecra- tion of a man to tho oflico of a Standing Deacon, who may sorv o under tho stated Prosh) tor Wo may lose much by a ngid and unreasoning ndhorouoo te n traditional s)stem which has no sanction in Holy Scripture or primitivo usago I malo thoso observa- tions bocauso of tho prejudice which some highly esteomod churchmen hivo oxprossod in regard to tho emplo) ment both oi L iv -Deacons as woll as a less educated nnd loss highly paid ordor of clorgy Tho Archdeacon of the North reports to mo his interesting visits to the islands in Bass's Straits Thoso visits, howovor, aro exceedingly oxponsivo, and Ignovo to find that ho is at tho prosont timo £300 out of pocltot Ho reports to mo that unless ho is helped, the work must bo abandoned S) nod can of conrso do no moro than compiro tho relativo claims in:nlo upon it But nn onterpriso hko this has a special claim upon tho missionary sympathies of tho church, and indood of tho vvholo colony Private subscriptions and nnnuil chin eh collections miy fairlv bo insisto 1 upon for so phil tnthropic an ob|oet Tho Houso of Assembly has soon fit, I regrot to sav, to disallow its obligation to prov ido spocial spiritual ministration foi its own oloomosyn ary institutions Tho govornmont, consulonng that an oxcoption at least should bo niado on bohalf of tho prisons rotunod tho grant to tho oliaplnins upon tho estimates It was not until I had poifoctl) sitisfiod mysolf that thoHo grants too would bo « icrilico l,tli it Ivontmol to proposo that tho churches should undurtako tho responsibility of providing what sorvicos thov woio ablo for which somo fixod sum of money should bo granted from the public trcasur) Tho sum so gc into I was fixo 1 nt £200 My proposal is, that for the pi i sont tho sorwus of tho old uhapltuns should bo, it possiblo, retained, nnd that thoy should bo asko I to nccopt two thirds of what thoy previously rocoiv od, credit bom.' givon for tho compensating nllowancos, to winch, as discharged sorvants of tho I govornmont, thoj aro ontitlod I havo much sitisfaction in ropoittng the progress which tho cathodral committee has modo m tho work with which Svnod hal ontrusted it In spito of the fpirs of tho loss hopeful, that, in thoso compaia tivol) loss nflluont timos, tho iindoitaking would not succool oi, if it did, it would do so to tho inpuy of other moio dirootl) important works, no loss a sum than £8,000 has boon raised b) donations and pre- misos This result is tho moro gratifying ftoin tho fact that, on no previous }0ir, has tho amount io quired b) Synod ftoin private sources loi ti o supply of tho ordinal) wants of the chinch boon moio readily obtained Iho fooling has not boon difficult to arouso in tho honrts of tho pooplo, and es ocially among tho muidlo class, whoso liborahty as hoon tho most ominontly conspicuous that whore thoro is n Bishop there should ho a cathodral,m somo sort worthy to bo called tho chief Houso of God, worthy to hold up its hoad among tho public build- ings of tho city, worthy to havo solomiusod within its walls the puncipnl functions of an apostolic and episcopal ohm eli, worthy to bo n material t) po of tho rank and influonco of tho English Chin eh Tho architect omplo)od isono of tho highest reputation Tho faot that ho has restored two of tho collogo chapels in Cambridge, and earned off ono of tho throo pri/os for designs for tho momonal church nt Constantinople, invited from nil tho arohiteots of Europe, is a sufficient guarantee Since lost wo mot, wo havo expononcod many changes in tho ministry Tho Archdeacon of tho South was wnrnod by the failure of that physical strength, whioh in earhor days ho may havo over- taxed m his Master's work, that it was due to UM 11 n church and to himself that he should retire from the principal cure, and claim the pension which the liberality of a past generation had provided for ita earlier pioneers. With him has retired the aged servant of the Lord, the Rev. James Norman, who began a life of holy enterprise in that region of European graves-Siorra Loone-a life protracted, nevertheless, beyond the usual limit by the sanatory influence of n Tasmanian climate. I hopo that both himself and tho Archdeacon may long romain among us, for some spare service to the church, by consecrating the residue of their strength as occasion offers, and by tho' power of a holy oxamplo. Tho incumboncy of St. David's has fallon to Mr. Cox, whose retention amongst us I hope is tho better secured. His pro- visional call to tho seo of Natal is'tho best testimony to his vnluo. His placo at St. John's tho Board of Patronago havo most satisfactorily supplied. Two others havo been removed by doath,-ono in the spring-timo of his age, tho othor when the leaf was sore : both borna to their earthly resting-place amid tho toars of thoir pooplo, sorrowing that they should hear no more from loving lips the words of earnest counsel. My reverend brethren, let me solemnly remind you of the gravo trust which we havo undertaken. You are hound not only to perform tho publio duties of tho Sanctuary, but as far as possiblo to reach the apostolic model,-""Daily in tho temple and in every house they ceased not to teach and to preach Christ." Surely, ovory portion of each clergyman's district, howevor remoto, should be periodically visited, if possible quarterly, or at least annually. Then, children will never, as often now, grow up unbaptised, the holy communion bo un administerod, the sick or agod dio unvisited. For want of moro faithfulness in somo cases, I grieve to say that thore nro localities of which clergymen have taken tho doliborato oversight systematically un visited, on account of some personal inconvenionce which the village doctor or tbo government inspector would cheerfully submit to as a moro matter of bargain. In my visits I havo found children of churchmon baptised by preaching laymen of othor communions, and that too without the ploa of sickneBs. Tho practice of somo clergy- men of declining to attend a summons to baptiso an infant until there should bo «what they consider a sufficient numbor to justify the trouble of a journoy, is greatly to bo roprohendei st an omission of duty sadly calculated to weaken the ministerial influence But another and I hopo less fre- quent practico of accepting feos for this holy rite is a . tUgrant violation of tho laws of the church, which I fool compoUod to state exposes tho offender not only to reproof, but to ponalty. I know of many instances of children in health brought by ignerant church people to tho itinerant preacher. In all christian courUoy ho should inform thom that ho is no more than another layman ; and that in cass of mddn sickness, tho parent, as tho priest of the family, has a far higher authority. Still, who is to bo surprised, that, among a pcoplo isolated and untaught, each ignoranco should prevail, if their own clergyman novor instructs, or warns, or ovon visits thom ! I am not awaro what roport has been prepared hy tho committed appointed for investigating the question of marriage fees. Before I lcavo subjects of domostic interest, I am glad to roport tho progress, though slow, towards the liquidation of tho dobt which has BO long paralysed Christ's College That dobt, onco of such formidable dimensions, will very Boon be brought down to a sum scarcely execoding £3000. That sum would have boon much smaller, woro it not for the failure of crops during two successive soasonB in the locality, and consequent loss of ront. I still look to tho inoreaso of tho church's temporal moans through tho multiplication of Parochial Am. dillions. There seems to be no sufficient reason for doubting thoir adaptation to thisas woll as to othor co lonial diocoscs,as a machinery for reaching every rank of tho parishionors. As tho duty is moro felt hy the clorgy to combino tho pcoplo in ono practical bond which shall mako thom realize their unity as parts of tho samo church, I trust that theso Association! ' will moro rapidly spread. Parishes, which, from the naturo of the cure, have no immediate interest in tho increuso of tho finances of the church, should pró- vido for thoir own future, and uso the present opportunity for tho establishmont of an endowment 1 fund. Tho want of partial ondowmont in any church ! has a griovous offnet upon tho parochial clergy ; and no layman of tho English church should desire to se* ^ a man of God reduced to tho condition of such depon* denco upon himself, or any othor man, the fear of whoso rcsontmont may tempt him to stifle the words 1 which ho ought to spoak, rathor than to accopt the ' alternative of beggary for IIÍB family. Every right thinking layman must see that, while it may be advisablo for his clergyman to depend in part upon tho freewill offerings of tho people, it was the noble 1 consecration of land to tho purposes of religion in days gono by, to which wo owe tho purity and moral indopondenco of tho English parish priest. Tho partial dopondonco upon free-will offerings has a tondonoy to provont tho bondago of tho pcoplo toa despotic or solf-willod clorgyman ; whilo an cntiro dependence makos tho minister of God a slavo to tho prejudices of tho pooplo, or the caprice of the influen- tial fow. Tho colonial landownor, who dosires to see his church nssimilatod to tho church of his father«, should imitate tho faith of ancient churchmon, 1 Thoy rested on tho assuranco that, if thoy would ' learn aright tho lesson of tho Old Testament, and , sot asido tho titho as God'B property, as the moana of temporal support, God would próvido for himself, and his children after him, tho pastor whoso parity of teaching and truthfulness would not bo corrupted by foar of the fniluro of tho bread that pcrishcth. 1 Since wo last mot, the status of the Colonial Chink in its rolation to tho church at home, lias ongaged 1 tho attention of the English Parliament. The courso of ovonts has mado somo clear enunciation inevitable. Thora nro groat anomalies arising from the undoflnod rolation in which wo stand to the 1 church at homo. What ia tho authority of tho Ecclesiastical Courts ovor us ? What nllogianco do wo owe to tho Quoon's supromucy ? What is the naturo of that interdopoiulonco which subsista be twoou two branches of the samo church, ono ¡ncorpo 1 rated with tho State, and tho othor indopondont of it f Ia tho colonial church nn integral portion, of the Church Of England and Ireland is our own church constitution dofinos it, or uro wo independent self existing churches, in union with tho church whoso mission wo hold ? Thoso aro questions of deep and vital interest, requiring the combination of occlo . siastical loaming and logal wisdom for thoir completo solution ;-questions which demand, nevertheless, tho ¡inmediato attention of colonial authorities. During tho lost session of Parliament, tho late Secre- tary of tho Colonias introduced a bill, tho effect of which would bo to constitute colonial church« ¡ade pendent of tho mothor church, and even facilities woro oft'orod to tho sovoral Colonial Bishops for hnsrenin« its operations bv tho surrendor of then " lottors patent." Mr. Oardwell's successor oxpresjcj his ¡ntontiun of re-allirming in a now Bill, during this session, tho lending principles embodied in hu own. Tho Bishop of London has takon advantago of tho interval, and has endeavoured to canraaj tho opinions of tho colonial church, with tho vio», I conclude of representing her interests when the sub- ject should como boforo tho Houso of Lords. Aa hu lottor, whioh you must havo soon, had no official autho- rity, I did not think it necessary to anticipate the usual timo of our assembling. As, howovor, vouhaü already appointed a soloct committee of lay and olorioa'l mombors to discuss tho Bubjcot of pr0"?1T Synods, I regarded theso gontlomon as boat ontiuw to represent, at least approximately, the opinion» of tho wholo Svnod. The categorical reply which » returned to tho Bishop of London, you would ot> sorvo, commits nobody besidos myself. Since wo Inst mot, tho Master of tho Rolls has delivered « important judgment, tho oft'oct of which is to inter- pret moro clonrly tho well-known doasion or we Privy Council. Tho offoct of that decision, I,om Romilly declares, had boon greatly misundoratooa. Letters Putont have tho offoct of investing a coloniJU Bishop, not only with thoso full powors which, in ovory ago, havo appertained to the opiscoral oUCfl, but with a territorial jurisdiction, with thi«'ita»-, back,-that, whoro thora was no ostablishod aburen, snob Bishop cannot onforco his nutnomjr without having rocourso to tho civil Vf" Ho is a titular and also a territorial Bishop, hut; au docisions, and thoso of any ohurch court under aim, aro liablo to tho revision of tho colonial logislatuw. in ono of tho Bishop of London's quostiona. we aw nskod whothor wo desire any appeal from our colonial church courts to any authority at horn After tho recent iudginont, it Jsooms to mo that IM English courts which hear such appeals by virtue oi tho union of Church and Stnto,-a union »wen places tho Quoon at tho hoad of tho church,-"»/ properly reject any such appeal from the colonies« extra rim. Wo may indeed elect to rocognuoj» rovul supromnoy, but suoh supremacy cannot ojm with it tho same ollicionoy in churches not ostaMunw. But should English authorities dotormino that in» State Ins no control ovor matters °cÇ'M,a8tll*!" ,?£ ovor thora is an indopondont logislaturo, »»'..r a coiiäoqnonco, flowing from tho rocent j m monts, liood not bar any appoal from our nV« courts to thoso at home. Tho mow» oxamino tho quostion. upon both ,^0»»T» and civil grounds, the moro it appears to meita«» direct appoal should lio from our own ^"'."S courts lo those at homo, but from our ccclosi«"« court to tho Suproino Court of tho colony, anq njw to tho Judicial Committoo of M mt Council. Thus thq Privy Council PgP: sens no aHJ and that not by virtuo of any coorcivo ngnt m w^ tora spiritual, but only so far as oivil "»«"" liberties are nflbetod by thom. But the«is ano.*« still moro important quostion winch «f»'0!^!,,. tiro letter of tho Bishop of London. I»;»» nial church related, in matters of faith »»"ïBÏÏ to tho mother church f If the *fft'i nouncod to bo ontiroly ¡ndopondont.what i^ï tíon hor fro,,, virtually drifting,!* her own iotemm«^ of occlosiastical questions, ^'SÄr1 0M the mothor church P That is the difficulty on » sido. Tho difficulty on tho other ii this. » colonial church is not to booomoan i"TPT f ohurch in communion with tho Vnl"rh6rotofore, England and Ireland, but to romain, uJ*£ZÀ an integral branch of bor, I know notww unity as is dosircd can bo maintained! oxcopt oj^ simple and unquestioning *nft»T3* and fonnulnrios, whntovor alterationihoy nay go. But aro wo prepared to aoçontwe^IU«^ ^ quencos of such submission wT»u^" ""nejoist Convocation or in Parliament P a»»J'fifo »uthority of Convocation and Parlto«« WB*" excluded three articles in Edward's reign be mt liberty to subtract other articles of faith or to add new ones, and so bind the faith and shackle the in- dependence of the colonial church, and bind it hand andfootf Shall we remain powerless, if the Eng- lish Parliament, so differently constituted since the days of Henry and Edward, shall become Eraitjanised, or if it endorse the traitorous doctrine that the Anglican church is a mero creature of the «tate and compel us to abandon the notion of her being a divine institution accidentally incorporated with it, or lastly, if her bulwarks of dogma are to be torn down and hor deposit of "the faith once (aVa¿) dolive'red to the saints" to be surrendered in order that she may sacrifice hor catholicity to her national- ity F Are we prepared to accept theso possible results, retaining; to ourselves not even the privilege of a vote, in common with our sister churches, but only the mockery of soqio foeble protest P It was with such convictions on my mind as to the practical consequences of any hasty legislation that I replied to the Bishop of London. If a change must take place I am in favour of a gradual and transitional progress towards ecclesiastical as towards politi- cal independence. I would not have the Colonial Church surrender her " letters patent," nor yet the Queen's supremacy ; but I would have it so defined as to leave us at liberty to choose our bishops either from home or elsewhere as ve see fit ; while I maintain that to secure unity with the mother church by surrendering independence for all time is to betray a want of faith in tho divine promise that Christ shall be with us to the end of the world. The true guaranteo for maintaining this unity in the soveral branches of tho Anglican Church ultimately lie», as it always has, in the establishment of Provincial Synods. Their decisions would keep in check the erratic tendency of individual dioceses; while they in turn might bo regulated, as occasion required, by a national council of the mothor church, in which the Provincial Synods might be represented by their metropolitans. The facilities of communication in this ago will remove many practical hindrances. For such an organisation tho colonies may not be, for many years, ripe. I am only speaking of ono towards which they may be aiming and preparing. Meanwhile, for all immediate purposes, I seo no reason why the Arch- bishop of Canterbury may not stand in tho position of a metropolitan in churches whore thoro is no metropolitan, and patriarch whore there is one. There aro many reasons why wo should not wish to sover tho bonds that connect us with the mothor church. There is a parallel botweon the training for indepondonco in civil and in ecclesiastical matters. As a State and as a Church grows older, the restraint of parental govornmont should be leas and less sensibly experienced, and the power of solf-govorn ment should be gradually attained. Nature horself teaches us this lesson, In an embryo colony, Buch parental control may bo well nigh absolute, but soon as these colonies havo grown into powerful states, soon as the early settlers havo ceased to look upon their residence in them as temporär}", and to think of England as their real homo to which they look to return when thoy shall havo amassed suffi- cient wealth, the caso will be altered. But so long as tho endowments of tho church have, in great part, been contributed by churchmen at home, so long asa small community affords no sufficient play for differ- ent views, and there is a consequent danger of tho church falling into tho bondage cither of an ecclesias- tical despotism on the one hand, or of an ignorant or Bolf-willod sectarianism on tho other, in such an in- fancy as that, to throw off the restraints of maternal control would bo the reckless act of a wayward child. Tasmania may indeed have outgrown tho embryo condition ; but she has not yet, nor has any colony, except tho United States, attained that fulness of stature, whioh has a right to claim exemption from home control, that only check by which tho evils whother of despotism or licentiousness can be adequately restrained. There is one other subject to which, at least a passing notice might be made. It is impossible for any largo movement to he made at homo without ox citing a deop interest in tho colonies. The develop- ment of a highor form of ritualism is a phenomonon which may well auggest tho inquiry what is its design, and whither will it lead ? The duty of the rulers at homo has beon to ascertain how lar this sudden movement is a protest against and a reaction from tho cold and barren services which chilled the devotion of a past ago, and how fur it is an indax of unfaithfulness to the reformed faith and practice of the Church. They who claim for tho highest ordinance ¡nChrist'schurchaniorobccomingrovoronco,and strive to honour the Masterby honouring His own sacrament, and claim to use the terms, " sacrifico," " priest," " altar," in the simple sonso in which tho primitive church used them, should not bo maligned ai " falso brethren." But whon men employ auch tonna for tho purposo of inculcating the doctrine of a repeated propitiatory offering, such clear contradiction of tho Word of Ood and of tho teaching of our scriptural church may woll oxcito tho toolings of sound-hearted men. I am persuaded that much of what wo witness is the reaction from the spread of the Colenso heresy, and much is the consequence of tho great oxcitability which characterises theso times, One thing is olear, that tho success of this moromont is owing to a cer- tain tompor of mind, nu outward condition of things favourable to its growth. No such movement is possible on any other supposition. Tho rejec- tion of all authority from without, the growing in- tolerance of all defined dogmatic truth, the spread of latitudiniirianism verging on infidelity, tho bold douial of the inspiration of Holy Scripture, have caused a reaction in favour of principles porhaps too much overlooked,-a reaction which, if mot only with tho bitterness of an unsympathising partizan aliip, will advanco the interests of Romanism. A dissenter from our communion has said that the " partisan Protestantism which was a wall of brass against tho demand for equality of civil rights to Roman Catholic subjects, is as a woh of gossamor aguinst the advances of ltomnn Catholic doctrino." Anil tho reason is plain. There is n form of popular I'rotostantismwliichdoniosanyauthorityinthoehurch. When this authority is doniod, tho donial of the canonicity of tho Now Tostamont, which thatauthority detorminod, follows; and thon must como eithor the still moro rapid spread of infidelity, or a reaction which, if not restrained bv tho truo principles of tho Anglic.ui Church, will end .in schismntic and lavish submission to tho Church of Romo. A tlinuçlitfnl interpreter of tho signs of tho timos will boar in mind that wo livo in an ago of mental and material activity. The contury which witnesses the creation of the railway and tho tolograph wit- nesses also great intellectual revolutions. The AVcs loyuns erect Gothic chapels upon advanced Anglloan molds, and aro no longor ashamed to decorate their architecture with the symbol of tho Christian faith. The Presbyterian Church of Scotland dares to canvass in solemn assembly tho Puritan viow of their traditional Sabbath, and to advocate the introduction of both oigan and liturgies into their sorvicos and sanctuaries, and we ovon hoar whispers of the dcsirablonoss of a limited »pitcopacy. In our church, for fifty year« past, Sacred »trupturos havo boon built moro worthy tho high, purppso fqr whiph thoy havo boon consecrated. Thw age, which has ahjq shown itsolf so susceptible of usthotio influences, has during that period delighted to add beauty to tho Houso of God, and has attempted to appeal to tho religious MUSS of tho worshippors through the oyo as woll as through the ear. Apart, thoroforo, from all doctrinal significance, some improvement of our ritual Booms a cirollury to the artistio improvement of tho ssered edifico itself. Laymen havo in many esses leon forward to demand the ohangei which hive excited so much alarm. For my part, I havo always felt jealous of an undue development of tho sensuous in roligiout worship, hut I do not snare the -alarm which soino feel about the issuo of the present movement. Tho law of the . church, settled at the Reformation, can be in- terpreted by proper authority, and whon so interpreted, will afford a sufficient safeguard against excess. All attempts to invoko fresh legislation, for tho «alte of pleasing ono-aidod mon, or for tho sako of giving a triumph to an extremo party on eitheT sido, ia to be strongly deprecated- Tho law, as it stands, ¡»ill repress the efforts of thoso who, under the plea of (luproving tho church's ritual, are so interpreting it »to give «auction to doctrines and practices against which wo havo solomnly protestod. Tho residuum of tho movement, when it has passod away, will ho what in many piscos is so much required,-an increase of uroreiico fqr sacred thing«, and a more realising .onie of _ the presence of Christ in tho highest «ct of christian worship. Tho whole dispute turns upon tho moaning of a rubric That disputed rahno sanctions-nay, it enjoins - ornamout» that " wore in use during tho second ¡/sar of toward VI." Did it rofor to thoso prescribid do amtriy in the first prayor-book of Edward P If it aid, thon extremo ritualists aro prohibited from P*Png back thoso that woro is use boforo tho issue ?va prayor- book. It is certainly true that tliis first prayor-book did not eomo into circulation »U the commencement of tho third year, while the rubric «peaks of tho second year of his reign. No doubt many of tho ritualists are honest in thoir view of the meaning of the rubrio; but that book, though not in genoral circulation till ' the third year of toward, was formally recognised in tho second. It Kenn to mo in tho highest dogroe improbable that our prcsont prayer-book should havo intended to »action nil thoso elaborate vestment« which ?Hi distinctively Romanist and not Anglican, -vestments, which in thoir nature contradict 'A° «i. mi 8uirit of t,l° Hofbrmation. *f tho samo timo it ia worthy of remark, tliat IW° proscribed by tho first prayor-book, and tho mo M wh|ch ia_c|oarJy permissible, oro in excess of thoso pamittod in thaoanqns; but this contrariety proves >«wy mind that the commissioners, at the final »«lemont of tho prayer-book, woro actuated by a Moad and comprehensive spirit. In suoh a spirit, if « ""l*8}0" »oquirod it, in my fatherly offico.I should Munsel tho like moderation and considoratoness ono wwwai another in all circumstances that admit of A "hould not think it nocossary to offer any warning wwch leenu TO little called for in this country, woro ¡Î.V ST *n att«mpt to iinpodo so noble a work as »build a «beautiful houso for tho Lord," by caning ungonoroui asporsions upon the motivos of T Pwmotors. I am not surprised that thoro TJUW be men who from intelligible motivos of wnomy or expodionoy might doclino tí holp us. ?"".íi "KST0 l c"» roapoct. But mon wore to be 3d »Uhe Reformation, and aro still, who, in tho "~u»gainit the abusos whioh that ovont swept .E&i;!ï.0ttldi if ^y had h*» the«" w*y. b»v« "««eafcewholowunH) 0f christian worship, and have rased to the ground all the temples of God, and broken down the carved work thereof. But a bettor spirit was given to the Anglican reformers. Thoy respected antiquity, and ro-arranged the ritual and doctrino of our church in such a manner as not to shook the prejudices of those trained in tho old system. Their avowed principle was to retain what- ever had the sanction of the primitive age ; and, dis- carding whatever of ornament or UBO savored of later error, woy yet respected, with wiso discrimination.our beautiful national churches, whoso architecture Non .onformistslovo to imitate Those'churches aro monu- ments of thejpiety andsolf-denialof the past, which boro witness in their timo to tho invisible, oven amidst prevailing darkness and superstition. Comprehen sivencss,and a tender regard for other men's scruples, were the guiding principles of the Reformation. It was advisedly that the prayer-book and the whole ritual, were so left as to admit either of a simple or more ornate character, in order to suit the tastes or longings of different temperaments and different ages. Impulsive mon, whose minds are filled with but one idea, may condemn the latitude of the reformers, but their right place is outside the church. They may use the bugbear of disruption, but no effort can throw doubt upon the comprehensive design of the reformed church, stamped upon overy portion of hor system. And she has now, as over, her clear duty before her eye, and that duty is to steer a hold un- flinching-course between the unyielding spirit of one party, and their unreasoning hatred of all that is sacred and reverent in the past ; and on the other hand, the restless desire of another to abuse the wise liberty whioh our church allows. I hope there aro nono in this diocese, who, whatever thoir views, will forget the apostle's caution not to " allow this liberty of theirs to become a stumbling-block to them that are weak." It is bettor to leave a largo margin than to offend the scruples of weaker brethren, for vory lovo and gentle respect. I cannot too strongly oon domn the injustice of attempting to create a prejudice on ¿such a ground against our efforts to build a modest and simple cathedral-church, after the oxam- plo of other colonies. If -any man objects, ho is free to hold back his hand, hut let him not tamper with othor men's liberties. It seems almost an insult to your common sense, to add that tho authority of the inoumbent and bish- op are paramount in tho cathedral-church and can restrain, aU extravagances, or occontricitics. No doubt there aro hero, as at home, difforonces of opinion as to tho rolation between tho external and the spiritual in religious worship. That thoy do exist, among the laity and clergy, is no matter of surprise, and scarcely of regret, so long as thoy aro held temperately, and aro not suffered to embody themselves into organised parties. Within pro- scribed limits, mado wider according as men are permitted to think moro for themselves, extremes may be overruled to correct each other. I am satisfied of this, that though amongst oursolvos, there may bo somo vorging to ono extreme and some to another, nono aro conscious of any fooling but that of love and faithfulness to our common church. I do strongly deprecate any changes intro- duced in our churches until the pcoplo are convinced of thoir desirableness, or without tho consent of the Diocesan. All may rcBt secure that no predilections of my own for or against what seems to bo improvement will over hindor tho oxerciso of fairness towards any section of our com- mon ohurch over which I am called to presido. An attempt on one side to gain a triumph over the othor will havo no favour from myself. No ! Differences Bhould call forth tho oxerciso of charity, and sorvo tho purposes of christian toleration and mutual res Ítoct Our reformers, differing among themselves, carot the lesson of toloranco towards others Thoy agreed, indeed, in protesting against tho error of traniubatantation, which, to their view, robbed the Eucharist of all its meaning as a sacrament Thev refused to regard the Holy Communion as a literal sacrifico, they were jealous for tho time of the very term " altar," used though it was by primitivo ages, lost it should be associated by tho ignorant with «trots then solemnly discarded Still, whon we know that upon " the consecration of the dements, and the effect of tina consecration, and several othor pointa, tho reformers differed greatly among themselves," tho very fact should teach us to honor oach othor a freedom and to respect o ich others scruples No one has aright tobe positivo where the reformers hesitated, and to claim to be a wiser ludgo of hidden and abstruse doctrines than tho church itself Dog matio mon, lacking humility and learning, are tho sowers of discord among brethren and ononuos of the Cross of Christ Bitterness and violonco are no proofs of fidelity to ChriBt It is easy to bo faith- ful to our own party. To resist it whon wrong is real faithfulness Quiet firmness, not fierce on- slaught is tho Christian's tompor Tho most liberal minded towards those who diffor from us will prov e at last to bo the really faithful Is there not enough to do outside tho palo of our church, that brethren should bo divided within it? Is thoro no noel to re-umto our forces, high or low or broad, in ordor to stem tho tulo of avanco, and hist, and wickedness, undor tho common banner of Him who died for us all ? Dofoct or exaggeration in ritual mi) ho nliko deplored, and ho symptoms of different tendencies but what is either compared with tho all-important dutv of tho church in staying tho oirors of infidolity and moral ovil, in maintaining tho paramount author ity of God s Word, and of living in tho bonds ot peace and brotherly lovo ? It is to bo hopod that our rulors in church and stito will havo wisdom given them to separate tho ovil from tho good Tho increased reverence and dignity in our sorvicos, tho moro frequent celebration of tho holy communion nro elements of good in tho recont mov omont nnd th* protest against tho rationalizing doctrines of the age which rejects tho supornnturnl in tho Word of God, and roducos tho sacrumont to bare and barron signs On tho other hand, I know nothing moro cilciilatedto arrest tho progress of the church, or the love of hor teaching and of hor prayor-book, which was taking a deep and a deoporhold upon tho popular mind, and to darkon tho prospect of tho leturn of diasontors to her fold, than tho attempt, not to dovelopo the church s tine ritual, but to innko the doubtful movo of assimilating hor sorvicos, as far na possible te thoso of Romo I rajoico te soi that tho English bishops aro full) ahv o to tho crisis, and are re idy te restrain oxcossos within tho limits of tho law, but sot their fices ns flint against mutilating our gro tt mheritnnco, the book of common pra) or Des- potic natures may invoko tho socnlni powoi but thev forgot that English sonso of fini play will novor sanction tho restraint of freedom in ono direction onl) and not in another Penal- ties imposed upon thoso who teach too much must, in common justice, ho folio« od by penalties upon thoso who to ich too little It is hard to provo that oirors of exec>» aro moro disastrous than orrois of defect I trust that our rulors will withstand tho temptation to a one-sided legislation, and boforo long tho present ritual oxcitemont will piss by, as other forms of oxcitemont havo boforo it and ns soon as tho waters havosubsidod, a doop doposit of richer reverence anda moro bocoming attention to oxtornnl religion will remain, to helpand not to crush tho pure dovotion of our people In my lnst address to you, I spoko of tho removal of hindrances in tho way of tho return of what nro callod orthodox dtsaenters to tho'church of their fathers It is tho duty of our church to rcmovo nil excuses The non- ostabhshmont of tho Church of England in the colomos must havo takon away one stumbling-block from thoso who pro- fess to entertain conscientious objections to tho union of churoh and state The now Cluncul Still- tet ipiioii A c1, which I havo gladly intioducod into this dioceso allowing as it dooa a widoi liberty of thought with uniformity of outward worship, invites the return of tho followora of thoso rigid mid saintly mon whom our bad policy dravo from us m a pist and unsympatluaing ago H iv ing bogun at home to mako atonoment for past errors, whothor wo regard the defection of Independents or of Wesltyans, and having thrown upon thom tho responsibility of con- tinued separation, mo may thon claim to ) carn for the union of Christendom Thoio is a manifest and welcomo tendonoy to closor communion with the Anglican Church on the part of nil thoso reformed churches who lost not, in the struggles of the Refor- mation, the »poHtolio form of opiscopac), whether wo look to tho Episcopal Chinch of Scotland, tho Lutheran Episcopal Church, or that of the United States Tho completion of suoh a union, happily begun, may liolp to diminish the obstados that Btand in the way of a union with the eastern church So far tho woik, te ardont and loving minds, who would not forget our doar Lord's last pra) or for unit), may sooin, and does scorn, not wholly hopeless, but novor until tho Churoh of Romo shall abjure her claims to infallibility and su- premacy-novor till she disown hor right to onaot articlos of faith irrcspootivo of tho inspired records of Rovolation,-dora wo, without the sin of unfaithful noes, dream of union with hor against whoso usur- pations and whoso oncroachmonts wo havo onco und for all protested I honour from ra) heart tho dosiro to make ovory lawful concession for tho snko of so noble an objoct na catholic undi/ But God forbid that ono of us should nccopt it at tho expenso of Catholic truth,- scriptural, primitivo, unchnngenhlo truth, that one faith, once, and onco for all, deli- vered to tho saints So far as this treachory is tho motivo of tho ritual movement, let us shoulder to shoulder withstand it Lot us indeed, heart and aoul, welcomo any improvement in oxtornal worship m tho placo of that bald ceremonial which has alienated tho poor, whoso religious sonso is reuchod chiorl) through thoir emotions, hut lot ua joalously guard our churoh against any novoltios of ritual which, unknown to primitive times, is Roman and not Anglican, tho symbol of omparativoly modoni llorones Something has boon said about an association formed for promoting this union I havo boon at pains of enquiring into its nature It has no organi- sation bo)ond tho simple promiso on tho part of in- dividuals to uso aver) simple and shoit daily petition for tho " ponco and unity of Christ s Church Iho Popo, indeed, has powor to inhibit Rouuiusta from using it, and ho has exoreisod that powor, but the characteristic tolerance of tho English Church would no moro think of interfering with such an association than with tho Evangolical Allianco I havo no wish to join cither association, for though the objects of both in themsolvcs must bo good, lam afraid of all movements which tend to di aw distinctive end party linos amongst brethren, and tond to koop thom separate In one word, the grout lesson to bo loarnt ison« of charity and conciliation "Whatever >e would that mon Bhould do unto you, do yo abo unto thom " Lot oach of ua attempt tho work, so difficult to some minds, of looking at great questions trc-m mother man's standing-point, lhere aro no L greater enemies to the comprehensive and tolerant . principles of our church than mon of illiberal minds, who hold all as enemies of Ged who cannot 1 view truth oxactly as thoy view it, or utter " Shibboleth," oxactly as wey utter it. If wé object to doubtful views or practices which do not commend themselves to our minds, but yot lie within the limits of tho church's comprehen- sive standards, lot it bo ours not to strive,rauon loss to uso tho weapons of persecution, as the manner of some is. Let us rather provoke one another to good works, and prove the superiority of our own views by the practical influence which they exort over our own lives and conduct. We are too apt to judge of thosa of an opposite school by Borne unfortunate and exceptional examples. Every school has always had, and will always have, its narrow-minded disci- ples, who fight for the form.but miss the power.of some great truth which their own school was raised up to guard. The great Evangelical party, though its main object has been attained of witnessing «gainst the Pelagians and Sociniana of the lost century, has not, as some suppose, lost all its original life and spirituality; nor are thoso of an opposite school to be numbered, amongst traitors to thoir mother, so long as they do not consciously transgress her wise restraints.because thoy yearn for a more imposing ritual than that which starved the devotion of a past age, overlooked by the Evangelical movement. The existence of different Bentiments gives scopo for tho oxerciso of charity. Let us then act as brethren: "Jet all wrath and clamour be put away from us,"-let us " speak the truth in love," " hold tho faith in the ¡unity of tho spirit and the bond of peace," and obey ono of tho most solemn injunctions of the great Apostle,-" I beseech you, by tho Lord Jesus Christ, that ye all speak the same thing, and that there be no divisions among you, but that yo bo perfectly joined together in the samo mind and in the samo judgment." May the Holy Ghost guide our deliberations, and enable us to carry them on in a catholic and a Chris- tian spirit ! On the motion of the Rev. Secretary the Synod then adjourned till three o'clock. AFTERNOON SITTING. The Synod re-assembled at 3 o'cock. Tho Right Rev. the president said prayers. The minutes of yesterday's meeting were read and confirmed. NOTICE. Mr. GREEN to move to-morrow for leave of absence to Mr. W. Barnes. MOTIONS. THE SECRETARY TO THE SYNOD. Tho Rev. F. H Cox, pursuant to amended notice, moved tho appointment of a select committee to considor and report upon the way in whioh the dutios of Secretary should bo carried out, which was agreed to, and Messrs. Chapman, Dobson, Hudspeth, Green, and Cox, were appointed the said committee KBPRE8ENTATION OF ÜI8TANT PARISHES. Mr. F. H. Cox moved that a select committee be appointed to consider by what moans tho more dis- tant parts of the colony may be better represented in tho Svnod : to roport during tho present session. Mr. W. S. SHARLAND seconded, and the motion was agreod to. Sir R. Dry, Mr. Gieon Mr. Sharland, Mr. Mason, and Mr. Cox were appointed tho com- mittee. PROVINCIAL SYNODS. Rev. A. DAVENPORT moved tho adoption of the roport of tho select committee on Provincial Synods, brought up yesterday. Agreed to, and pursuant to the recommendation of the report, the committee was enlarged by the addition of the Rev. Mr. Hudspoth, Mr. Tarleton and Mr. Sharland. FRANKLIN MUSEUM. Rov. F. HUDSPETK, pursuant to notice, asked tho Bishop whether and on what conditions the Franklin Museum has hoon handod over to the Church of England P The Bisiior said tho Museum had been handed ovor so as to pass into the hands of the Bishop if within 20 yoars thoro should bo no provision made for sustaining a college or university. His Lordship would not object to confer with any gentlemen on the subject. Tho CHURCH ADVOCATE asked what had become of tho rents and profits? Explanations wcro given by the Bishop and Arch- deacon Davies, and a committeo consisting of Messrs. Chapman, Macdowell, Dobson, Adams, Hudspeth, and Davenport, was appointed to confer with tho Bishop. SITTINGS OF THE SYNOD. On the motion of tho Rev. SECRETARY it was re- solved that tho times of sitting be from half-past 2 till 6, and again at 7 o'clock daily. PARSONAGE AT BOTHWELL. Tho CHURCH ADVOCATE called attention to the purchaso of a parsonago at Bothwell. Tho learned gontleman referred to the resolution of tho last Bitting to ompowor tho purchaso of promises at £600, namely, £200 to ho raised by tho inhabitants and £100 to bo borrowed of the Building Society, the Rov. Mr. Hcskoth to surrender his houso allowance of £00 a. yonr.Tho Building Society was ready to lend tho £ 100 and as to the subscriptions of tho inhabitants, thoro was £128 fis. in tho bank, and thoy hold promissory notes running over four yoars to tho amount of £80. What was nooossary was for the Synod to back tho bills by becoming responsible, so that they might bo turnod into cash, and to authorize any expenses that might bo necessarily in- curred in carrying the arrangement into effect, not oxecoding £25. Ho moved that the treasurer bo authomod to indorao tho hills and pay out of tho resorvod parsonago fund tho necessary amount accordingly. Rov. A. DAVENPORT seconded. A discussion onsuod on tho points raised by tho aution of the Synod, when the resolution was agreod to. NEW MEMIIF.lt. ?Mr. Pryor subscribed the declaration, and took his soat as lay representativo of Broadmarsh. CLKIIOY WIDOWS' AND ORPHANS' FUND. Tho Synod wont into committeo to consider tho roport of tho Select Committee on Clergy Widows' and Orphans' Fund. Rev. A. DAVENPORT movod tho adoption of the report, which ho explained. It recommondod tho rescinding of tho rulas of tho Clorgy Lifo Insurance Fund passed in August 1803, nnd tho passing of an Act of Synod to affect tho objocts contemplated. Thoro woro also a fow matters in tho roport which might bo doomed to bo outside tho proposed bill. A slight discussion took placo as to tho form of procooding when tho Synod resumod, and leave was given to Mr. Davonport to bring in the bill. Tho bill was brought in and road a first and second time and committed. Tho clitusos having boon discussed, rovisod, and agreod to, somo now clauses woro proposed. Progress wag reported, and leave obtained to sit again to-morrow. NOTICES. Tho Rov. Mr. Cox and Mr. TARLBTON gavo notices .f motion, by leavo. Tho Synod adjourned at 0'45, tho Bishop pro- nouncing tho benediction. 