HOW TO TAKE A TURKISH BATH. TO THE EDITOR. Sir—As a great deal of misapprehension seem* to exist as to the Turkish Bath, I think th*t a few words of advice from one who (asa bather)-' has hud much personal experience, "and deifked » much benefit from their use, will not'be nnuc- ' ceptable, or deemed, intrusive by'the. general public. I will commence by advising'1 what .shouldnot be done,:— "' ' , , . ' First—Do not take a' bath • immediately' after -a hearty meal. .. ? Secondly (and most' impor taint}—Nevertake a bath if you are, ever so slightly, under, the in- , fluehce of stimulants. ..•■ ; • Thirdly—Do not bathe unless you have the time to spare for the full development of the benefits to'be derived from the use of the bath, : say from an hour and a half to three hours. Fourthly -Do not bathe if you have any orgknic disease of the heart,, as the heat accele rates the pulsation.1 : •!- i i. v Fifthly—If your doctor tells"you not to. bathe, and gives you no reason for his' prohibition,' but merely pooh-poohs the idea,' while confessing .. his ignorance of the whole matterj pay ,him." his bill, : drop him, and go' to. the bathj i< when having entered,' undress yourself, iand plaoe your, garments in such order that you can ' rapidly re-robe; then enter,the first warm'room, , walk about, rub your body; and endeavour in every way to create a gentle perspiration. If : you are not in good health, tnej liver or other organs of secretion being out of "order, the first" time of bathing this.will take some time; but persevere, and don't bb in too 'great hurry to go to the hottest room. ,(This is truly a valuable: suggestion;)' But when in a gentle perspiration, advance into the calidariUm. ' ; Do not let the attendant put a drop of water on you. but, drink freely of.cold water, quaris, ' gallons, if it'so please you';"it trill afl return, through the pores, and afford intense relief, r " .. Tf you suffer from torpidity of the liver, kid neys, or your lungs have that stuffy feeling that denotes functional derangement, get the at-.. tendan't tb gently tub you (while in the hot room) • in, the region of those organs, Keep on rubbing yourself, diversifying- the' rubbing by brisk : walking about, till your perspiration is com- - - plete; and you "feel that you have had enough of it." ;Then- return to the Warni room, liedown I n "the; slab, and let the shampooer " do his - spiriting gently," rubbing you frOm head to foot in the direction the muscles take, so as. to .dear •/ . the pores, but not to injure the cuticle. If he is too rough (for skins differ) and persists in rasping, kneading, pinching, and in other ways annoying you, knock him down,, and see how he likes your style of manipulation. , Then to the water-room,. where warm water will remove the offensive, mat ter praviouslv held in theipores of the skin, be well lathered, and then have the water gradually lowered in tem perature till you can bear the-cold douche, a rapid rub with a rough.Itowel, a return to the warm | room for three minutes, back again* another cold doucht for. a few seconds, then-be 1 dried,, wrapped in your sheet -with a towel- on your head, like an amiable ghost ; lie down on a mattress, well tucked up, and you won't care even i if you have i a bill, due to-morrow, and; funds; shaky. Lie still until you feel an incli nation for air, then gradually i emancipate your self, arm by arm, leg by leg, and your body revels in the cool temperature of j the frigida rium.: .,. ; Then dress'quickly,' don't dawdle, and take a brisk iwalk of half an hour. It is very possible, that • the first, second, or third- bath may not ( have ithe perfectly beneficial effect, but perse vere, ; and you will soon find out the benefit of +.n.1ri-nc' - .. . . . A TURKISH BATH, 