REIARIKABILE STORY OF MISTAKEi N IDENTITY. IN the month of Iaroch, 1855, the dcsd body of a lneas was found floating in the Clyde, sion'owcre abor e b oo e bridges, a4sid taken to thie Humane Society's ltcceiving H-ouse, whcroit lay for identification. It curiously happonod at this voly time, that two men wcnt amissing in Glasgow, the husbands reopeetivqlj' of Mlrs. S. and Mrs. '1. A gestcnilem , a friend of the latter womuan, knowiog of the strange absence of MIr. T., callcd at tlie Dead House to look at the corpse of the drowned ian, which uas considerably decomposed, and could only be identiied by matrks not wholly dependent on corporeal preserva tion. After a minute's inspection this goutleman came away conoilaced that the body was unquostionobly the body of M1r. T., to whoso wife or swidow he comnunni eated his conviction. Unwilling, how over, to believe that her husband, either by accident or design, hod collie to such an cod, the woman declined at first to visit the dead-house for the purpose of setting the matter at rest. Dut the pro prioty of her doing so wos presented to her in so strong a light, that she at length consented to accomnpany her friend, al though she still held out against tie pos sibility of the dead body bciog that of her husband. She could not, of course, be otherwise tlisin ositisiod of the truth of her belief whien, on arriluig sit the dead honso, it was fouiid that the corpse hod beoon lreaidy elaiicd by the othe-r woman 05 tfie body of hler fiusband, who hash also goiie aiiissinig. This put an cod, for the time, to the moere serious side of Mrs. T.'s ainxiety, and she retiirsnod houne, therefore, coneparatively 'comiforted--her relief, hioowever, being the measure of the ippai'omutly authentic widow's grief. It will serve to show tbo certainty of this wouan ans to the identity of the corpse sole find elaimeed and takmio hoiiie, wlien wie isentioni that she applied foir niid received six or secen pounds of funeral mloliey forom the hiv-er Society, of which her hisi. bnad had boom a iieiber. The resimaiins of the iian were buried in due course, asiid the widow mosirncif as for the death of one whom slie could ncbser again behold. Little did she or ier frieods il drcsiiii if the roimiarlahblo miannner in which the gcnuisis ness of her sor--eowi- was to be spseedily tested. Iu these days, lio porsou1 expects to see a ghost; ecithier diil Mrs. S. ex pect to see one shortly ofter the funeral of the dronced 111n0; but if for one aw ful iioseent obout this time she woo under the iiiilsression that sihe saw tlio ghost of her husbaud, seio iighit well be oxeusedl, for that husband, in rsojprsia pi-ersosl did acrutlly one oveuilig olsen thlo door of his own hbouso, and wialk quietly into the presncse of his ieally terrificd cifo. Thio case now stood thtus: As tie body ihichiei had been buried seas not that of tie pereson it iss presumled to be, inid it wais still otlieiwsisa uciislasiiiiedl, the qeeCs tiou arosa--lSight it not, after ill, hose been tho corarsoof M[r. T., whose 'ife was unwilling to' beliovo that hler ius bhnd wns deald? Probability was ccr. tainly in fissour of such a prosuieption and the gei ntlemiaini islioiis io had 111en tioned ns laiving insplelt ed tile body of the drowned muns, and who waes per-sonlly acqjusainsted with ri-. T_., returined to his oiigiinil belief, hloldiisg it more tesiiieioifsly thlas oesr, is to tho idoistity of the CorIsse. Naturally, of course, the argusments of Mrs. T'., foiiserly repelled as inadequate, nosw iecoived 00a110 ooliir of antlicisciity f,-om tihe neois eirdumsstanccs. 'ieo shisill briifly refer to theose a.rgusesonto, wh-ichi, sin will ho scn iiu the sciiuol, ni-e oulieus in a thecefold sen1se. 1mm the hirnt place, tlo blusboud of Mirs. T. sias of short staiture, and stout--so was thie hlusbanid of the other wos- sai--and 00 sens tlio body of thle drowned ilman. IIn the next ulsce, Mris. U.'s lusbnsd soro, wlien hle disnp. peal-ed, a nocasiarf of a oartais pattern \--the hlusbsiid of tihe other wolman swors in exactly sinilir sciif--nnd so did tis body that was piicled troom tls Clyde. Agnin, M1r. !T. senss nown, swhcn hle left hlomo, to have oei of Isis boots patelied in a f)eoulisil' masnocr one of tihe boots of tih other swomin''s hlusbaid wsi also lattohod in the same style; and of the boots sworn by the desd body, ons of them sns patohed exactly lilko that of thie otlicr two. Tlicos triislc coineideneces weore, however, rtbo r curious tihan mar vollous or oosvinoinsg as argunoats. Tlhousands of mnn arc shlort aniii stout; thousnuds, of soud WOeer orvots of sissiliar lpattorn; nad tliousands of mnud sear thoir boots in thae annie manissori, nid sip thoroforc obliged to fins- thlicn patolicd in sisiilar style. Another smnall eoini donee may be added, h''. T. wos kanew-i to hliss' been a irOgulhsi- render of Rcyiolil'. Milisccllaosui/, anid a copy of that poioidieal was foun;d in tilm coat poolnot of tli drowned man selsin hle was taleen from the river. ]hut all such fsiats put toa gotlscr, used as arguments must over be imconolusiio in case so secrions as thia identity of a hluinan body. The miost siniulur coiiicidense in the priesnt affrlr, hoiawever, iremains to bc indicatesd. Wc hlive already said tliat thie body swas a giool deal dceompsncd. This was piltios. hiirly true of tbo flice, bat thei othesr parte sr-e- better irosorvcsl, iid ospecially tie left hsand, the thiiuiib uif wehiieh ,lt tile bioal ws unainally onlnrded. Now:'tliis wes a piarticilnr featuro'?of .L''s loft hliand, and shicn thie gontloe'nn, sehose'aosneao. tion wviti the nfflir weo finvs already ien. tionod w-nt to. viewe thieo boad, one of the first things hle did Was to oamino the loft hisind to sec wseltosize of thusib sa:s theor. Ilis sai'priso nlnd grief wor gioant' inideod when lie disoovered this rcmnark. able feoture on tis hand of the desil can, sshichu mit on00 eonvinced lilim tlint tihe body his sas tlhoro wa that of his friend. ]lut h ore again begins thie inguiari ty of thi iiinttor. ic.liiionbisnd of the othor wo man hasd alec a large thumb; and it wcat in faet pirtly, if not wcholly, by this mnark that she identified the body of her missing partncr. Thus, then,.tho return of the one husband, as above detailed, proved that ho at least had escaped a watery grave; while the continued nb sence of the other husband greatly strengtlsened the probability that the corpse claimed and buried under another name, and on account of whlieh funeral atoeey Isad beensreceived, was the body of Mr. T. Thseso incidelts, as already stated, oc eurred in the spring of 1858. Eight years after Mrs. T. consentedl to smarry a saaotsd tinso. ]lut even tlhen, in order to dlissipate the probability of dosbt, tse wsidow, before thle mtarriago, visited hier tirst hlusband's relastives ito Ayrshlire, to malse sure that thtey lknew or Itad Iteard stotlsirig of the long.iabsent mnts. Thsey assured hor that tltey waore as absolutely in the darks as herself regarding thle fate of tleir friend. This cvs enouglt. Site returned Ihoamo to Glttsgoow satislied, was ssarried to MIr. 5, hier second hlusbantd, in thle beginnitg of April list, tand up to withtin two months ego, was living Isappily with Ihim. About six or eight weeces since, thle hlusband who wves suipposcd, and not with out fair eiretumstautial evidence, to Ithave beau drowned in tCIe Clyde, ptresentted himsself suddanly in Glasgov. Tite ef'cot of Isis cotting aaity be im asginted. Tihe' strprise was, Ihowevetr, speedily oves on thle otlter side, stnd it csi' soon tite absoet tee's turn to bh surprised wevlseI, in rIeply to a question, hIe was isnforissetd that Isis wife was certaissly living, but assarried to nsother snass. Tite raturnted Itusbatid antd Itis w'ife-:t wife itt a double ocasse Itad, of courso, at initervice. It was a pecuishatly cruel positions for thle wifl, whito hiad for SO masisy yastrs toiled antd sifslered, and oaly at the last aomnsit gat into soesethinig like staooth wavter'. The ques. tion still asntutrally oeciss'-tr'hiere wes the husband all this titae. Simply its Etnig hittid, quietly pIursuiasg Itis trade, ansd, we assay Ipresuote, livilg as ceteparattisely coasifortable life. We say notltistg about Itis aottesic foit suachl ascionot, sl thousgh we Ihave heard sotitethiltg about theit; but the tira Ifict of suds "t prolonged abseisce ini it lssaid of rIaiilvways, pest- otficos, alld telegsriphts, wvitheout stratelicn tiin to his wvife os frieeds is siltige syllable is to his whlereabotits, liss lay ate aInesatns coeluey app1easraince. The wife hlss tweaty dCsfeasces, hut foa' suels aonsduot eat the pitt of the Isusbntd there seesis no slefenceo whisiatever. Wieo the man weIS whose body wits fitaith ill the Clyde, said trwto so closely reseashblcd ttio othsesr satan, Chesn olive, is liltely t, rceasias a stystery fot' oever.- G'lhuigoso les'eiii. 