COOLING OF THE EARTH. TO THE EDITOIR. Ssm,-Five weeks of burning heat has set me to think, and to read, on the supposed gradual diminu tion of the central heat in our planet; or as Josephus and others before his time and contemporary would say, the cooling of the central hell (IHades). "La Place has shown, by reference to astronomi cal observations made by Hipparchus, that in the East two thousand years there has been no per ceptible contraction of our planet by cooling; for had this been the case, even to an extremely small amount, the day would have been shortened, whereas its duration has certainly not diminished during that long term of years & of a second." Again, " Baron Fourier, after making a carious series of experiments on the cooling of incandescent bodies, has endeavoured, by profound mathematical calculations, to prove that the actual distribution of heat in the earth's envelope is precisely that which would have taken place if this globe had been formed in a medium of very high temperature, and after wards had been constantly cooling." These conclusions are appealed to by many as corroborating the theory of secular refrigeration, although such phenomenon might be ascribed, per haps, with equal propriety, to the action of volcanic heat, which we know has, in former eras, shifted its points of chief development over every part of the earth's crust. Mem.: The earth's envelope is one thing; what is called the earth's crust is another. By the former is meant that absorbing body, called the ether or firmament, about fifty miles in solidity, within which the earth is poised; pressing upon our chests to produce respiration at a weight of 1000lb. per square inch. In consequence of this, the Holy Ghost moved the astronomical prophet Job to say, " He hangeth the earth upon nothing." Once more, "MIonsicur Cordier announces, as the result of his experiments on the temperature of the earth's interior, that the heat increases rapidly as we descend; but the increase does not follow a uniform law over the whole globe, being twice or three times as great in one country as in another; nor are these differences of heat constant in relation to latitude and longitude of given places." This agrees with the shifting character of the central volcanic action: streams of liquid " hell," or bituminous matter, of half a mile or a mile in width, and ten to thirty feet in depth, and of great length, must come from the very bowels of the earth as a burning fiery furnace. "Hence Fourier undertook to demonstrate that the quantity of heat trans mitted into ethereal space around our globe each century would melt a column of ice having a square metro for its base and three metres in height. The question here arises, in what way does the igneous and luminous accompaniments of lava and boiling substances constantly withdrawn from THades, or hell beneath, throughout our planet's surface, return again from the firmament? or if lost in the vast space of ether enveloping the earth, does it not imply a continual cooling of the central depths or bowels of the earth ? Let F. R. I. and other advocates of an empty earth answer these geological problems, and they will speedily become F.R.S. Lastly, Baronet Herschel says:-" It is a great mystery how such an enormous conflagration (if such it be) can be maintained without intermission. Every discovery in chymistry leaves us completely at a loss, or rather seems to remove further from us a probable solution of the sun's heat. May not (Herschel adds) a constant electric current be circu lating in the sun's immediate vicinity, or always be traversing planetary space, &c.;" The calculations necessary to determine this point, though practicable, would be extremely laborious, and have never been made: for any man who would seek to answer the question proposed by Herschel, in regard to electricity as the cause of light and heat in our planets, or around the sun, must also take into his reckoning the perturbations which Venus, tMars, Jupiter, and Saturn, as the most influential planets, actually cause in our planet's orbit and in each other's motion round the sun. "Scripture Analogy," as F. R. I. calls it, cannot help us much ; and if he will forward to you, for my perusal, the book in question, I should like to read it; only he must take care and not send me a volume of Conco ce as "Scriptural Analogy." I confess to being ignorant of such a book by the pen of the illustrious logician and bishop, Butler. This is very hot weather; but I keep myself cool by alternate mental and physical work, from about four o'clock in the morning until ten or eleoven at night. " One star differeth friom another star in glory," as we see; as well as how easily " the earth and all within it may be burned up." Sir, Yours truly, D. P. It. HULBERT, A.M., Senatus Socius Cantab. Westrop, near Goulburn, January 21. 