**-^-"* 1 THE GHOST AT'ttEECHOVER HALL. (From tho Christmas Number of Once a Weók.) . .. " I hove no . hesitation, Captain Arden, in assorting that'you aro an infidel and a here- tic."' Miss; Dampier preferred, thia grave nhargo against rae solely ^because I had ex- pressed an utter disbelief in spiritual mani- festations. ' Tho attack was made in tho long .drawing-room . at -Beeohover Hall, .there*a large., party, »ero gathered round tho old fashioned fire'-placo; and nevct1 did the "jolly dogs" which supported tho blazing wood, 'grin upon, d pleasanter , cirole-at leastj I thought so. My .brother oflioor, Jack Beres- ford, and myself were, I believe, the only members of, the party' who could .not claim tics of kindred'wi th either Sir Harry or Lady! Dampier; and both of us wer o earnestly, desi- rous "of enrolling bur names amongst their connootions, for ? Jaok ? was as -much in .love with Laura t.'as f; I Vwa3' with 'Ethel Dampier. EthblC was ttie-Nïldest by a year! though she was.usually.taken for.the youngorj her sister's style jof^boßuty toeing of a statelier ordpr and.her manner.m'orcT,composed,. f Ethel was ' all .! lifo., and ; animation ), and .her '¡oyes spoke ovon. moro, than h or lips,.,. Her. hair, pf that peculiar sh od o oalled by our neighbours " brun cendre,", scorned o very burdon to her j for. great., rolls .wore..'constantly .slipping;out at wrong piaoos, andjbringingi blusncB to he^ cheeks aa she triod.to push tho robóla back. Her figuro' was porfeot, though, small, ant} overy movement had a namolcss , grace,of its own. Laura was.tkller, and her presonoe moró commanding ; hor; hair .and eyes,, too,: were darker By many Bho was thought tho hand- somest; but sho wanted that provoking fasci- nation, which, Ethel ' possessed at least» I thought, so ;', probably. Jack was of .a different opinion.. Tho Vseason" .for. both .of us ;was unuaunlly pleasant, and passed more quickly than,over; but tho regret that carno with its close was mitigated ,by an, invitation to Beech over, Sir Harry's country place. ".'The'-'invi4 iation 'pleased-us' alli'tho moro, because it sepmed to indicate that Sir.,Harry did not disapprove of our attoutions 'to his daughters, .and that tho young, ladies, had no particular, aversion to ¡ their admirers. In London," our intercourse had not gone furthor than tho limits ( of flirtation,; . and neither of us felt . 'sujo' '.' 'jibaE .'."H jù^otild ever bp per- mitted to outstep those bounds. .This was tho state of affairs when wo found ourselves, at < Christmas under tho,same,roof with tho objects bf our affections.) Shouts of laughter pf courso bailad Miss Dampiers ^atkaok ,upon ,my in- credulity. - .'? Did you o vor seo a ghost, Miss Danipior ?" I:rotortod. " I nm thankful-to Say," Bbb answered, " that lean bel i evo with out'Booing j butas you are not gifted with the same amount of faith, I only hopo you may ba convinced by ocular demonstration." " There s nothing I should Uko better,"' I replied.. ^Lot ,.us advertise", for a ghost j 1 but! perhaps, * Miss^ Dampior, you ' havo ^ono, on * tho promises, whioh will, Bavo us . the trouble:' * ?? 't Of courso we have. Did you] 'over hear of'a respectable family that ho had not ? It is only your nobodies who aro ghost-! less." " I should havo'said that it was your no bodios who aro ghosts." " For shamo, Captain Ardon ! I did not think you would condescond to a pun,1 and such a one I* 'I; will try; and blush, if you wiH only- tell us all about this family ghost. I hopo it .is 'a fbnialo) and young and prötty, if I tm to mako V itó ''aoqudihtanoo.' I ' shall " not waste ' my breath' upon an unbeliever ; you would only laugh at mo and my story. ' '*Givo mo . tho 'ohánco, Miss Dampier. Think wliat a triumph it would, bo if you «ero to convort mo. . I prbmiso to do my'host' to beliovo. Indood I will if I can. ,,So, pray toll us all about ' your glibat.**1 " Db toll'us, Ethel," eohood a 'chorus' of protty cousins. After a littlo moro > pressing Miss Dampier complied with our request, and-told hor talo so well, that I should only Spoil it by attempt- ing to ropoat ita .words. It was tho stereo- typed ghost story. . There wore rustling silks hoard in tho corridors! tho wearer was'dead ly palo, and was'dresse'd in a court oostumo (why IB it that ghoBts aro always, droasod ,for Court?) Tko only thing, which gave thia ghost any < individuality < was,, that though'!' her' silk's ' wore often heard, she was ôuiyj ^ípon ,pn: Christiaas-evo, and that OB''those [occasions sbo carried a babyfin ber arms to tho centre window in tho plqturo-gallory. and, aftor a Buooossion of crios from" tho infant, rp-. turned without it. This "avidontlyhintod ht a murder, and caused great excitement amongst-tho- audienoerwhioh-bocame-intenBe when some ono remarked that the following night was that of tho annual inf an tioido. -Miss Dampier'fl talo was only ¡ the. first of a serios.; Rivery-one has-really a truo bia tory to relate of a ghost, soon'by a friend or a friend's, friend, but; strange tojsay, oyo- witnosses aro| never .forthcoming. . They would ha vp. gouo| on all night, I belibvo, had ,,,not .Lady Dampier at length "modo a move, and! carried off tho young 'ladies.' 'Wo .mon¡ Yorañinod , bokind,and,,. ar/smoko. Jin; tho billiard-'roöm' drove' tho subject of^bur] evening's conversation _ entirely from my! mind. " Will you mcot me in half an hour| in the picture- gallery ?" said Miss Dampier,! aftor, breakfast next., morning! ,?' I .navel something . vory ? pnr.tioular .to talk to you¡ about. I will bring-'tho battledores and, shuttlecocks as. an. expuso; for a toto-a-toto.. I need not say how'gladly,.! promised to moot MissDampior at thuappointod hour and placo.' To be taken into,hor confldonoo upon ai matter . however- alightiwas a'stop. in tho.right direc- tion ; .thorp waa .no'knowing^.what might, come bf a 'private jntorviow.;,a word might fall, or a glance bo given,, which, might Borve as a; oluo.', to . tho feelings' bf her heart. , Tho; in'órveñing half hour , was spónt, in vain; conjectures . as .to what . could ribo the 'purport of Miss Dampior's commu- nication; At its oxpirationí made my way; to tho, gallery; and white'' waiting for Miss Dampier had amplb timb to look around ..mo. Tho gallery was very, long and low, running tho' whole longth of tho houso. It was lighted, by .fifteen oriel bay-windows, upon which were various opals.pf arms in co'ourpd glass. Tho, spaco between tho windows and tho whole of tho opposite wall, except whore doors led into tho'principal bedrooms, was ontiroly concealed by family, portraits, so closely paoked to gothor that it, was impossible to disoovor tho oolour of tho wall. Tho chief portion of tho mansion had been refurnished of late years, but tho gallery evidently had' not boon touched sinco tho day it, was first fitted up- probably, in .the .tima, of,,.Elizabeth, as. tho ground plan of tho house took tho form of the lotter E, a 'cbmplimont ofton pajd by archi to -ts to tho ; Maiden Queen., Aftor. making tho tour, of tho / room, .and endeavour- ing to traco a likeness .to Ethol amongst hor ancestors, I; turned into one of the bays, and took a float "I know I am late, Captain Arden," said j Miss, Dampier, funning up to my resting-place with the battle- dores in her;hand, ." but youimust excuse me, as I'oould not effeot my csoapo" bofóro from' the drawing-room. Of oourßo. you aro burn- ing tb know yvhat I haye ,to communicate. Talk'of woman's curibsity-pit is nothing to man's. Toko a battledore, and I will let you into my seoret. -, I have got a capital idea in my head, and I want you to help to carry it out." You remombor, porhaps,, that, this.is the ghost's nigh t ? Well, I mean to play, the ghost 1 Won't it be fun to frighten them; all nut of their senses ? I, only wish I,did not,require your protection, for, I should have enjoyed seeing you shaking with terror; bub I.troally,'am afraid' to cómo into tho gallery by myself, and this ni¿ht abovp-all-nighta; in the yeáV." ^il.looked. 4ny thanks, bbt before] I had timô'ïo "express them' in words, she! continued-'; I know I could hayo asked ono bf tho. girls, to. .accompany ,mo, but if there; was any cause for alarm she would bo saro. to, faint" or run away. Now I think, Captain! Arden! you would stay and ' protect m'e,l wouldn't, you?" '.'Protect, you, Eth-Mips Dampier,' I ' moan J, I would' proteot.. you; with my lifo-against all comers/' ghosts included 1" ; ! " Don't be rash ! but liston, to, my plans. : Up'stairs ,thorp,)a ,an 'bid ward-! robo, filled,.with costume's worn, by our great-! grandmothers. I have taken tho key off tho housokoepor's bunch, and intend this afternoon' to abstract a dress' of tho stiffest silk I^oan! find j one that, will, rustle well. , I think I, remember' a. bl.ue' silk that will suit exactly.! I shall powder, ray face, and. lopk^ery ghastly., and whon'nll have retired for the night,I willi join you here. Is is r not a glorious idea.?; Every ono will'bb, on, tho qui,, yt ve to-night,' and tho first rustle of my silk will bo euro to bo heard." 1 agreed that- tho idea was capital, and laughed with hor, at the thought, of tho terror which her ghost-like appearance, .would inspire, my conspienco all the whilo telling me' that, I was , ¡wrong" to ¡on-; courago a praotioal_ joke, which might bo' followed by. bad offeots. But how could I give up tho sweet'plousuro bf pleating Ethol, and! of sharing a' seoret, with hor? "But you havo forgotten tho baby," I suggested. " lío, indeed, I have,not," .she replied.. " There is a young,puppy in the.stables, which I shalt oarry. to my. room ; an old ? doll's' dress and cap will oonvort it into a first roto infant j, and a judicious pinch, admibis cred, at tho right moment, will extraot a cry not unlike, a baby's., Everyone will bo too frightened to bo critical." Business concluded, wo oom moocod; our gamo. For showing off a woman's gracefulness thero is nothing like a battlodoro and shuttlocoplt. I,'had' novcr known half Ethol's beauty,,till I saw her, with, arm extended.,, and .chook flushed, springing' now hero,, .now,thero, ,> in,! the oxoitoment of tho gamo, every curvo seeming doubly gracoful, evory movement doubly fas- cinating; . Fatiguod' atlast, aftor keoping up tho shuttlecock .spine incredible..number of times, she sunk upon a neighbouring sofa, panting and oiit* of breath. Tho onoray is exhaustod, thought I ; nbw ia" the time to go in and win. 'And, taking a seat by hor side, I.ventured ¡a preliminary remark of rather a romantio oharaoter; but before T had time to make any furthor advances, Ethol had, takon fright, and waajon,her Toot' again.'. , V I don't think you have boon' introduced to my ancestors, have you, 'Captain1 Ardon?" aho asked at once, " As "st" military man,: you might, 1 porhaps, liko > to become acquainted with. some, of Jho fighting Dampiers. This suit, of armour .belonging to ono Bogor do Dampier; it. is áonted with arrows shot at Aginoourt. Can't you stand straight, Mr. Bbgór, ono'would think your knees woro, shaking ¡ with foar of, tho Hronoh. This dandy, with long hanging sleeves, and fohitod .'shoes,' Uko elongated bootrodts,-id not lio Borf bf man you would think likely to stick tb a losicg causo;, and yet ho followed Murgarot of Anjou till ho fell at Tewkesbury., Thero, is thoir son, ?!.-> who i.' fled' ovorj Boas,.' and ' returned "with Richmond to, dio. ' on Bosworth Fiold. Hero itv good Quoon Bess horsolf. You cannot rriis tako hor rod, iiair and starched ruff. Tho old lady passed a night at Beoahovor on ono of hor pleasure trips. This is hor host, Sir Jasper Dampior. His bill-for-a night's board and lodging waa paid- with, a' baronotoy. Woll, I- havo known higher titles givon for less At all events, there is nothing to bo' ashamed bf in ' tho way wo gained! our red hand. Tb«s is evidently a Dundreary pf tho period'. What a lovely, dross I .grey satiiii and cherry colour.-; This is supposed to be. the ghost, but no ono, knows who she Ja. ,Jf shall never be able to dress my hair witb> those pork-sorow, purls,,, unless 1 out it,,whioh I hayo no intention !of doing; in all othor respebts my.makeTÙp'.will',he porfeot. This groy young man, with long embroidered waist coa and stockings with igold dooks, was oho of Marlbro s colonels. And now I think you have had enough of; me. and my anoestors, so au revoir," and' before I/had timó| to'uttor a word tho provoking beauty was half-way down tho galióry. By,half-past, ,12 tho ;hbusq.was. still, and at a quarter to. 1, having put on a» páir' bf'noisolÓBS slippers, I mado my, way to tho picture-gallery. > . Thora was no need pf a> pandie to. find tho way, for, tho moon was shining brightly ;.,iri the gallery, it was, almost as light as. day. The olook struok-1, and' Ethel,had not arrived.; I, bogan^Ojthink she had taken fright at mooting tho lady in blue! I seated myself in'.the' w,ipdbw>'whore .1 'had' promisod .to wait. hor arrival, and wiled away the minutes Jo- looking.'àt, fpo wintry land scape.-.. "Asleep,' and on ; duty,'- .Captain Arden ? I must report you tb.your; colonel j. but I suppose it is my fault for keeping you waiting in tho cold. Am not I a first rato ghost?,. I was quite ! terrified , at, looking at mysolf in the glass. I 'really believo I should-frighten .the'ghost, herself.*' Thoro was a tremor in her voioo which botrayod agitation. " I saw that she shivorod slightly as B1IO Boated herself in tho bay window, all the animation whioh had glistonod in her oyo,in. tho morning" at the prospect pf her .midnight walk bad-.vanished, 'and tho ¡ smile , with whioh sho asked what I thought of hor-" get- up" was only a counterfeit. Wo talked in whispers for a few minutes, for Ethel scorned' to wish to havo an exouse for not starting on her expedition; immediately; ' I had nb desire to hurry hor, forgetting altogether tho objoot of our meeting, in tho \ happiness of gazing, into hor eyes, and feeling.her breath upon my oheok. ... A sudden impulso caused me to look down tho gallery--why,"! cannot toll, unless sbirie sound almost inaudible may haye.reached my ear. To my amazement I thought I saw o> figure at tho farthest ond of the room-whe- ther, man or. , woman ,1 ,could not toll -I only saw that something- moved. It approached very-Biowly, and at last carno full into tho moonlight-it was a woman 1 'though' a long way off, I, could sep that she was dressed like Ethol, in an ano jon t cos tu mo,'and' I could, seo that .sho carried something in ber arms-something white.' It voa the real' ghost and. her infant! There . could 1 bo. no doubt of it.. I could seo , her now more dis- tinctly, for she had advanced as far as tho second window. ? This was a Roland'for an Oliver with , a, yongeanoo! I" did not fdel nervous, but.awolstruck.. . I believed afc onco in spiritual manifestations.. Op it^came,. gliding slowly with. on. .almost imperceptible motion, pausing constantly ann'looking haók V it,had reached,tho fifth-.windpw, the. rustling of tho, silk.'was /growingquito audibleI wondered that Ethel did not catch the sound'; what was I to dp ?- / Wasjl; to tell her ? She must hoar tho sound before long. My brain was'in a whirl. I had heard of tho' terrible offeota of suddon .frights-^of people' turning grey in a single night ; ' nay,. oven.'.of. ;bpoom ing raving mad. . God knows I would havo died to savo my darling from suoh a foto;. I was holploss, powerless; !-felt-like one in a- nightmare-the ; danger was approach- ing, but I was spellbound ; liko the poor rabbit, I was fascinated though' tho ., serpent's fangs wqro close .upon mo. I ho ghost waa now.at tho seventh window, it stood still for a'sooond, atad then disappeared in the bay. ' Thank heaven I now, I might bo ahlo ' to persuado,Ei hoi to lea yo,tho gallory .but how to doit was tito question. . I was just going to'tako her up in -my arms and rash with her from the gallery, when- the ghost, .emerged again and stood full in tho moonshine. Too late ! Too ? late l i She had now reaohed tho eighth window; she'stopped again and disappeared,.in "the, ,reoo;a. . Thoro aro .fifteon windows,, thought. !, then the eighth must bo tho oontre ; wo shall hoar tho baby's cry in n minuto; Ethel must hear that I was distracted-in despair. Tho, ghost jwas again in tho moonlight; sho bad put off tho murder fora time; tho rustling became more distinct., I was in' agony, ;, half ; mad- dened,-my faoo .must havo, betrayed my emotion, for. Ethel ; jumped from.her. soat.;. " What is the-matter, Harry?" she oried;. "aro you ill? your fade -is so strange." .It was too late-I could not' save her ! She pushed past me, and stood; faoo to i face .with the ghost, who was now only four windows distant; .Uttering fa piercing shriek;, she' ' Pried-': Harry I-dear Harry,' savo mo !"" and. foll,.fainting j into, my arms.Holp £ help IV - I called ; but before tho words wore past my lins, another ory rang through tho gallery1'"' Was"liYhà coho? No! it, was!id ». difforent koy to, Ethel's., I looked tap, and saw the,ghost upon tho floor, fainting, too! -In a second moro Jack's, strong arms wera support-" ing tho' inanimate form.1' Ho, like myself, had boon concealed in ono of thé baV windows.. My eyes were opened ; my disbelief in ghost» returned' 'stronger ' than '} over. ;- 'Tho Rhoati was , not a 'ghost .after- all, but flesh and' blood.' Thé' ghost wai- Laura Dampior ;. and . now the rival : ghosts. were fainting oaoh with terror at tho .othor- oaoh fully bclioving that < tho other was the' Lady in Blue, who haunted tho picture gallery» Tho two' suóécssivé shrioka had more effect thun the rustling of rival silks/- Bolts-began to unbolt, looks to unhook,, and doors to opon,. displaying startled facos. . Eyes soarooly opon from their first sloop poerbd into ^ho^al'pry, and drowsy voicesaskod what was the matter ?' .Women's ories, muffled by tho bed-olothos, sounded from somo ohambors; "Tho ghost!. -tho ghost 1" oohood , wildly from,, others.. " Watér,";I oriód; , !f»SalWi oalied Jaok. We woro now, tho oontro of » crowd, carry- ing bed-room oaudlos,. who had plucked up eburago to" leave thoir róóinav ' Salts and sal volatilo pour in on all sides.' ' Vblüntjors to rub tho young ladies' binds, and plenty mom .their, work,' ." Whero"'ám'I'?" whispered '?Lwrí,' whilst'* 'deep'sigh heralded, Ethel's .return to'boHsoibusnossV, , They looked round .inquiringly, and both seemed bewildered at ?tho olrolo of fades whioh' ' hemmed thom in. At lost tho1 eyes of ' the sisters -met 1-For an instant they "scanned oaob .othor curiously, ? and thon a look of roliof appeared upon both countenances. ." 'Wcro you tho ghost ?" theyoried,1 stmulta noously, and a feeble, laugh from' each pren .claimed that they wore satisfied. Tho laugh -was contagious and booamo goneral. It would 1)0 impossibly to dosorlbe'tho deshabilles that rappo'arod in tho gallery that night. There fwero wraps bf all sorts, shawls of all colours, .olooks of all shapes, nightcaps of all patterns, .forming a tout ensemble truly grotesquo. ' We four, who felt ouraolvea to bo properly .equippod at all points, oould afford to laugh at tho ridiculous figures out by our frionds-and <we did laugh ; but thero was ono mouth that .did not relax oven into a smile. ' " Don't bo angry, * dear papa," pleaded '.Ethel ," wo havo bcon' foolish, very foolish, 'but wo havo boen punished enough for our iLaura and'mysalf ; wo both thought it would be fun to play tho ghost, and frighten you all -oct of y our.'senses. . The tables havo been «turned; instead, of terrifying you,' we 'have half killed 'each bthor with fright I was afraid ¡that Ti might' meet tho Teal, ghost, and accordingly I asksd Captain Ardon' to- 'bo prosont. ' I supposo Laura .invited Captain Beresford for the samp reason. "Thero, papa, you have' the, wholo. truth j but, Toally, if,you wish mo to preservo my gravity jyou must put your, nightcap straight; it doos ,;givo you-suoh a oom i cal look." Sir Harry did not join in Ethel's laugh, on .'tho contrary, ho looked very glum'; but at rthis stago of the , proceedings an .event .ooourred providentially whioh rostorod him to. good ' humour. ; Ethel's babyf .who had'" been sleeping, soundly, sud .dcnly . awoke and quietly walkod ' off harking violontly; tho, noieo aroused, Laura's infant, who sprang off1 ber lap, and mowing piteously, hurried away as fast as her robes would pormlt. This waa too much oven for Sir Harry-he joined in the >universal' shout .-of laughter, and. afterwards kissed and forgave his daughters. 'Whether Jack had thé same jreason as l had for thanking the catastropha â n the picture gallery I cannot say. I only know that before tho noxt season'arrived Laura -«nd Ethel Dampier' wero'the wives of Jack ."O_».¡;1.l..|lT,...''.á-.<..'. ! ..'..:.-? .1 