CALM. " AND you have soon our friend you say, And she was calm, shed not a tear, But spoke in her old, quiet way, The common words of homely cheer ; Made no complaint, nor pity asked From you, or I, or mortal of road ; Nor sympathy for sorrow passed, Nor help to bear it to the end " And seeing this you rashly any, She has no heart to suffer woo, Bocouso the challenge of a sigh Is wanting. " Is it so J" " Do weaker spirits suffer more, Lamonting loudly fate's dooroo, To pationt oar recounting o'or Unburlod griefs and griefs to be ?" Nay through the careless spray of tears They gather rainbows in the light Of shattered sunshine tis their way Of meeting woo. Perchance 'this right, The ruddy rose compel the rain And laughs again. The phantom flower That under glass lifts up Its soul, has nought to fear from sun and shower, SInce time and woeful alchemy Have worked their will and so evoked, With all its greenness tortured out, A beautiful but paid ghost. The proud heart asks no pity for Its pain, Save from its God. Its idols fall, And all alone It gathers up the wreck And buries It at midnight-gives no call, Lest idle hands should even now Find out the weakness of the day; - and handle what Its love Had sanctified Henceforth away The silent stars, the patient sky, The sombre forest, whatsoever Gives it the mood of silent city, May she the proud hearts bitter tear, And tell how it must suffer most, Wrestling with hidden grief alone, Till He who gives the weary rest Shall give the peace he gives his own And so our friend Is calm, you say, Nor needs our pity J-Vos, ah yes I Pity her tenderly, though you speak To her no word of tenderness. SENSITIVE AND SENSIBLE. We must be sensitive and sensible, if we would see the be- ginnings and findings of great things. A Sorr ANSWER TOBNETU AW AS WEATH. Lately in a sleeping car from the West, was a man in one of the Norths who was greatly annoyed by the crying of an infant and the efforts of its father to pacify it. The irate man at last shouted out-" What the day is the matter with that young one ?" And again -" Where is the mother of that child, that she is not here to pacify it ?" At this the poor man in charge of the child replied : " Sir the mother of this child is in a coffin in the baggage car" The grumbler immediately arose and compelled the afflicted father to retire to his berth, and took the little orphan under his own leave until morning. A FRANK Doon. The celebrated German physician, Ilufolund, on being presented to a reigning prince of one of the small states of the German Confederation, that exalted personages, in the fervour of his admiration of Bushlands great professional skill, said to him, " You are so framed a physician, you know the human body so intimately, that you must really be able to cure every disoaso!"-"Your highness," re- plied Hufelaud, " it is with us physicians as with the night watchman ยก we know the loading streets and by-ways tolerably well ; but as to what is going on inside the houses, we can only guess at that.'' WATEBJNO-PI,AOE DOINGS People who stay at home and mind their business ought to be very much obliged to the grandiloquent gentle men who have located themselves at the fashion able spas and sea-ports, with the laudable object of keeping the public posted as to the doings of the aristocracy" during " the season." It is pleasant to know that the great Peacock, Fashion, is spreading its feathers to advantage that Ostonsation is astonishing the vulgar herd with the variety of its equipages that Coquetry is doing execution upon the well- tailored scions of a patrician race that yesterday was not, but to-day is in its perihelion and that the " upper classes," as a general thing, are afloat on a sea of pleasure, which can only be navigated with the assistance of bank- note sails. Of course, there is as usual a handsome sprinkling of intelligent citizens, with their families, at all the summer resorts. We congratulate them upon their opportunities for studying human nature, as is improved by milliners, tailors, and other decorative artists, without the assistance of the schoolmaster. Much may be doomed by the thoughtful and philosophic from such spoon cular exhibitions. Cautious FACTS. The Building News. observes that bees are gooraotrioians. The cells are so constructed as, with the least quantity of material, to have the largest sized spaces and the least possible loss of interstice. The mole is a meteorologist. The bird called a nine killer is an arithmetician ยก as also the crow, the wild turkey, and some other birds. The torpedo, the ray, and the electric wool are electricians. The nautilus is a navigator. he raises and lowers his sails, masts and weighs anchor, and prefers other nautical acts. Whole tribes of birds are musicians. The hoover is an architect, builder, and woodcutter. He cuts down trees, and erect houses and dams. The marmot is a civil engineer. He not only builds houses but constructs aqueducts and drains to keep them dry. The white ants maintain a regular army of soldiers. Wasps are paper manufacturers. Caterpillars are silk spinners. The squirrel is a ferryman. With a chip or piece of bark for a boat, and his tail for a sail he crosses a stream. Dogs, wolves, jackals, and many others are hunters. The white bear and the heron are fishermen. The ants have regular day labourers. IT IS GIVEN TO ALL TO DO GOOD There are those who have a gentler and more bounded ministry, seemingly more limited at least, though in reality with an expansiveness which, may bear it beyond many that are deemed the most extensive, and that are the most conspicuous. She who carefully and tenderly constructed the little boat of bulrushes in which the infant Moses floated safely on the Nile, un- knowingly but hourly contributed her portion towards the triumph of Israel's emancipation from the Egyptian bondage. Not less holy would have been her task,' nor loss divine her mission, had the child's destiny been only to feed the flocks of Jethro upon the pastures of Midian. ' From those to whom the physical safety of the infant human being in its fragility, or the soothing of age in its infirmity, is a core to those who fill man's little separate world with order, harmony and gladness-to those who are as the fire from heaven that was said, in times of old, to descend and consume sacrifice on the altar, and who kindle and inspire all that is high and holy in human intellect or energy ; through all these, woman has her mission, too, equal with, though varied from, that of man, and often full alike of peril and glory ; as was theirs who stood by the cross when the disciples' fled, and came to the sepulchre before the disciples stirred. THE following verse was one night stuck upon the door-post of a doctor named Isaac Lotsham, resident in Brumagom : When people's sick they confess to I, I purges, bloods, and sweets 'em. s, Sometimes they live, sometimes they die, ' What's that to I- I LETSIIAM, A GENTLEMAN having a musical Sister, being asked what branch of music Bho excelled in, declared that the piano was her forte. "WHAT time is it, Tom?" "Just time to pay that little account you owe me." " O, indeed! Well, I didn't think it was half so late MASTER BOBBY : " I say, Gus, why do girls always suck the knobs of their parasols ?" Gus: "suppose they want to cut their wisdom tooth !" Of six hundred and twelve young ladies that fainted last year, more than one half of them fell in the arms of young gentlemen. Only three had the misfortune to fell on the floor. Curator's says that the difference between a successful lover and his rival is, that one kisses - his miss, and the other misses his kiss. A distinction and a difference. A MonAYSniitE farmer recently sent the following message to the " lady of his love : "Tell her," he said, " that gin she does hate me, I wanna kill myself, but I'll pine away!" NEVER show your words. open the mouth and let the voice come out. A student once remarked : " Can Archie, fortitude, gratchi rude, or quietude dwell with that man who is a stranger to roctitchudo ?" A DEALER in musical instruments, in one of his advertisements, declares that his drums, among many other article which he has for sale, " can't be beat." Will he be kind enough to tell us what they are good for, them ? STOPPING A NEWSPAI'EB.-A man, stopping his paper, wrote to editor : " I think jokes often spend their money for paper, my daddy ardent and every body Bay he was the most intelligent man in the country and had the shortest family of boys that over rugged nature. WE do not know the author of the following outburst; probably the writer was afraid and ashamed to take any other signature thou Anonymous :" " Dip the Atlantic Ocean dry with a teaspoon ; twist your heel into the toe of your boot ; send up fishing hooks with balloons and fish for stars; got inside a gossamer and abuse a comet ; choke a mosquito with a brick-bat in short, prove all things hitherto considered impossible to be possible, but never attempt to coax a woman to say she will when she has made up her mind to say she won't." A SENSATION Sion (By a Vegetarian). He had done the deed ! But little did he guess that the eye of an intelligent potato in the next field was upon him. The potato poured the dreadful story into the car of the corn, which let out the secret in its (stalk, and though I am bound to add that the corn was out after thus betraying confidence, the story got wind, and the clouds bor was in a most distressed frame of mind in consequence. The culprit was overtaken by justice and several scarlet runners, and taken before a justice of the peas. The case was investigated to the roots, and the potato was, of course, principal witness for the prosecution. Wouldst know, O reader, the wretched man's guilt? He had shed the blood of a turnip, little expecting it would ever turn up in evidence against him. He was expected, of course, the mode of excess tion decapitation, in order to sever the carrot-ed artery. * MOEE AMENDS THOU FLODDEN.- Certainly we are stopped, and why shouldn't we say so ? The Thistle has done it this time. Angus Cameron, ayounglnvorncss- shirornan, him carried off splendidly thoQuoen'sPriiont Wiraboldon, and the Scottish might have come away the International Shield Mr Punch, who represents the United Kingdom, lins, of course, no jealousies, but heartily applauds the victory, and congra- relates the victors. Furthermore he begs to state that Ireland in a slight and England in an enormous degree ought to be ashamed of them BOIVOS respectively. We must trouble them with a few figures. By the last census the population of Scotland was 3,061,231. That of Ireland was 5,704,543, That of England and Wales was 20,060,025. Now then, taking the due proportion of men capable of making bullsoyoB, what does the balance of twenty millions Bay to being choked by the balance of three millions ? Mr. Punch thinks that the less said the bottom. " Yet mourn not land of fame, Though o'er the leopards on my shield retreated from no sail a Hold Since Norman William carne, We'll try again in sixty-seven, And perhaps from Durham, perhaps from Devon, Some bullet, speeding like the love, May take away thy should." WALTER SCOTT (improved). A CARD Louis Napoleon begs to inform the Emperors and Kings of Europe and the public generally that his business of commission agency is carried on as heretofore at the Palace of the Tuileries, where he may be consulted daily, or, if pressing need be, nightly, and where all confidential letters must be sent. Having a few of the ideas which belonged to his late uncle, L, N. may be with safety consulted on State schools, and fools himself quite competent to give the best advice. In all matters of dispute his judgment is proverbial and being throughly a master of diplomatic language, he is able for his clients to prove that white is black. Besides giving his advice to Kings and Emperors in need of it, Louis Napoleon is prepared to act for them as umpire on the very shortest notice, and may be relied upon for giving a decision quite unbiassed by any party interested, except, of course, himself. In arbitration cases, and quarrels between friends, It. N. may be called in without pecuniary fee, provided there be some little advantage to be gained by him. His knowledge of geography is thoroughly profound, and enables him to render an inestimable service to any one desirous of correcting an old map. Having had great experience in the art of land surveying, boats ready to advise as to the altering of boundaries and removal of all land- marks which may be thought a little obsolete and somewhat out of date. L. N. may, in like manner, be privately consulted as to the best means of upsetting an old treaty and his advice may be had gratis to changing or removing any ancient bounds of territory, so as to increase his own. Countries bought and sold, or valued and allotted, as the umpire may direct. Now maps exchanged for old ones. State treaties neatly broken, and the pieces picked up with the utmost care. A few now Einporors, like Max- milian, always kept on hand, and ready to be exported at half-a moment's notice to any nation wanting those. Cracked crowns exchanged, or strengthened and repaired. State secrets kept most carefully. Clover negotiators, such as Prince Napoleon, prepared to start upon important diplomatic missions, and furnished from head-quarters with the brains they may require.' A private telegraph upon the premises to all the capitals in Europe, and on efficient staff of clerks who sit up day and night. - Address, Louis Napoleon, European Umpire and commission Agent, Paris. NB-No connection with the opposition firm of Needle- gun and Bismark. HOWTOSEOUEE GOOD FJUTIT Cora. The Agricultural and Horticultural Society of Vaucluse recommends that in order to ensure a large crop in fruit-trees, the following plan should be adopted : a solo must be dug around the tree to a certain depth in the autumn,- but not deep enough to expose the roots and must then be filled up with manure 5 the manure should be left until frozen, and then be covered with the earth extracted, Thus covered over, the manure does not thaw until a late period, and thereby prevents the free from budding early, and produces the effect intended. The same society further makes known that it is a well-ascertained fact that trees which yield most fruit are those whose branches grow horizontally, instead of vertically, and it there- for recommends that trees should, so far as. possible, be trained to grow in that direction ; it even declares that by snell training, trees that have never yielded any fruit previously may be made productive UNCOOKED PEACHES. When' we have peaches as good and ripe as all peaches ought to be, the best way to prepare them is this Peel them; out the fruit off the stones in quarters, or smaller pieces ; fill the dish ; stir in a little sugar, and sprinkle a little more over, the top. 