LYSTER'S OPERA. COMPANY. Meyerbeer's opera of " Roberto il Diavolo" was performed last night for the first tirr.e on Sandhurst, and ft great pity it was that such a fine composition should have been played to such a scanty audience. The pit was well filled but the other portions of the house presented a very deserted appearance. That the musical taste of the people of Sandhurst has deteriorated we do not believe, and we attribute the scanty atten dance in the upper portion of the house (having regard to present times) to the high prices charged as the only reason that can be assigned. "Roberto," one of Meyerbeer's earliest and best efforts, suffers, but not so much as his later pro ductions, from his sacrificing too much to seenic effect. There is a strong contrast in this respect between Mozart and Meyerbeer; the compositions of the former, including even his master piece " Don Giovanni," may be performed very effectu ally with a small orchestra, but Meyerbeer's with out immense orchestral assistance and stage accessories to boot, flag very much, and fall fiat upon the ear—beiug meagre and lean in nearly all the vocalisation. The opera last night went as well ai could be expected, considering the orchestra and chorus available. The open ing chorus was given very steadily, and the gambling Bcene, with which the first act concludes, was very fairly rendered. Mr Squires, as Roberto, is not all that could be wished. He has a good chest, and, to all appear ance, should be able to give the robust parts of the opera with great effect, but his soft flute-like voice is almost drowned by some of the crescendo passages for the orchestra. Mr De Haga was evidently suffering from a cold; he did not give the rapid passages clearly, was frequently un heard, and moreover was not particular in dropping a bar or two of the subject aud pickiug it up again. Madame Simonsen was in splendid voice, and as the Princess Isabella, was all that could be desired. The great song of the opera, "Robert toi que j'aitn'e," was given with true artistic feeling, and every note in the elaborate cadenzas was heard, distinct, and clear. The 6ame may be said of the smaller part of Alicc, rendered with great feeling and pathos by Madame JEscott. Mr Baker has much improved since we heard him last, and in the duet with Bcrlramo, at the commencement of the third act, he certainly acquitted himself very well. The trio (unaccompanied) in the third act between Roberto, Bertramo and Alice, one ofthe finest bitsof vocalisation in the whole of the opera, was marred at the finish by much indecision and want of time. The scene in the churchyard, where the ghosts of the wanton nuns appear .to Roberto, was very creditably got up. As a whole, con sidering the amount of the forces at Mr Lyster'a disposal, and the nature of the opern, it went very well, and we trust to see him better supported during the rest of the season. If he wishes to have full houses, however, he must certainly reduce his prices to the upper portion, of the house. Ch. Gounod's "Faust" will be presented to night more completely than it was the last time the:Lyster Troupe were here, as the cathedral scene and the accompanying music to it will, we understand, be given entire. Magisterial Absence.—By reason of no second magistrate taking a seat on the Bench at the Police Court yesterday morning, along with the Mayor, his Worship was compelled to remand several prisoners, who were charged with in dictable offences, until to-day, after the orderly of the court had in vain been in search of a J.P, to assist in adjudicating upon the different cases. Tub Fall Down a Shaft.—With reference to our report of the accident, which occurred to a Chinaman, Mr Koch writes to us that there are 110 unprotected shafts near his engine. The engine of Mr Koch is so well known, that it was mentioned as', an indication of the locality in which the accident happened, without any in tention of conveying the idea, that there were any of those dangerous pitfalls in close proximity" to our correspondent's machine. Mining Mbktings this Dat. — St Mungo Company, at the office Eagleh&wk;, twelve o'clock, lioon; Eagle Companj7, at the.office, Specimen .Mill, Eaglehawk, three p.m; Nil Desperandum (Ruywood) Company, at Air Pringle'a office. Bee hive Chambers, four p.m ; Victoria Reel Com pany, at the Fire Lions Hotel, eight p.m ; Bird's Reef Company, at Mr Parii'a office, Kangaroo Flat, eight p.m; Cinderella Company, at the Albion Hotel, eight p.m.; Surnia Reef, three p.m., and Lady Barkly, four p.m. The Wbatiieh.—The thermometer registered in the shade at Messrs. Joseph and Co'i, Pail Mall, on yesterday, as follows:—9 a.m., 45*; noon,51°; 3 p.m., 50°; G p.m., 48°. Maximum, 53°. Minimum during tho previous night, 35". Barometer falling. Tub Alleged Tituci Ststkm at tub Water wonics Contbact.—It appears that the inquiry concerning the prevalence of the truck system,, which it is alleged is carried on at Ilarcourt, under Mr O'Keefe'o contract, is likely to be ngain revived in consequence of a memorial to be pre sented to the Assembly on the subject. The Cttstlemaine Daily News of July 30th states that it has before it two statutory declarations, aud has seen a memorial to the Government, relative t« the establishment of the truck system at Har court, in connection with the waterworks. One declaration is to the effect that Mr Thomas Small, manager for the contractor, Mr O'Keefe, had stated publicly that should any man employed on the works he found spending any money at the store of Mr Stevens, a rival of Mr Burrowes, M.L.A, he would be immediately discharged. The memorialists say " that the truck system lias been, , and is carried out to a great extent, on O'Keefe's 'section of the water supply works; that orders are issued payable at the store of Mr Uurrowes only, and not payable to order; that the men on the works are directed to deal at this particular store, and failing to do so they lose their employment; and that when these orders aro presented for payment by any storekeepers or i other person than the workman himself, payment ii refused." I 