Sales ami Jtoitftes, THE SEXTON'S GHOST STORY. By The Earl of Mitlrgaye. _ [From Once a WVei.1 : Ever since I took my place as sexton of the church at F n, I had, till afore yester day, believed in what I heard men speak of as ghosts. I am, as you know, doctor, not a learned man, for when I was young, like many foolish fellows, I thought playing any day was better than ' the schoolbut I am able, however, to say to myself, which I does one day Lately, ' Tommy White, if there are ghosts, they'll be seen some day by you, my boy.' Now I never took thought on fear when 1 said this; I believed there were epurrits, but I never felt scared like at the idea. I rather, I think, was what folks calls cnrious, wanting to see 'em, but not knowing how. " I've done my best to see, hear, or feel a ghost—ay, feel, for I don't a think a spurrit could get out of thoBe graves near my church without his bones—and till afore yesterday I've been disappointed. "You remembers, no doubt, two months back, when Mary Hamilton died—the woman which drowned herself on purpose, so people said up at village, but which the jury were gentlemen enough to call ' hacci deutal death' for want of evidence. Well, I heard say that the spurrits of wicked people never rest when they are put in the ground, and so I watched all the night of her burial to see her come out of her grave, which, by the way, I made proper tight as regards the shovelling in. I waited, however, in vain; for I saw nothing, nor heard a single sound. It happened yesterday, which was Sunday night, that I found on returning home that I had left my tools in the vestry of the church when I locked her up for the night; and as I don't think it brings luck to leave yer grave implements in church, as some lazy folks do, I hurried myself down, though it was getting quite late, to fetch them away. When I got to the entrance of the churchyard, it looked darker than I had ever seen it, and 1 began to feel myself, for a wonder, growing nervous as they say. Of what I was afraid I could not toil, for I had a lantern with me, and, besides, I knew almost every new-made grave in the churchyard, and 'old spurrits,' after a certain time, lose their power of becoming visible to men. " Well, I was not going to be timid longer, so I smacked my breast and said aloud, 'Thomas White' (I always calls myself Thomas when I am serious), ' you're a big fool. What's coming over you ? Be a man.' And then I recollected I had forgotten to take what is my nightly custom after supper—my glass of rum. The cold air was too trying, therefore, for my weak stomach, for ye knows I have a weak " "Oh yes, Tommy, I know; I know all about that," I interrupted. " But go on, go on." " I opened the door of the church, doctor, and entered, holding my candle- lantern high above my head. Ye know how the place looks in daylight, and how the great big boxes like rabbit-hutches appear on Snnday full of people ; hut ye never took sight on J the church, I know, when yerself was the only one in it, and the time close to midnight. The tall, big, yellow-painted pews seemed exactly to me to correspond with the gloomy feelings which existed on the outside of the building, and as I stood at the bottom of the aisle I half wished I had never come. "I was never intending really to beat a retreat, and so up I marched to the reading desk, where I generally hid the keys of the vestry. I had got half way, when the light of my lantern fell upon that big 'loose box,' as it were, of old Michael Eobson's who's dead. The sides, like the other pews, srcfcoo high for a person cm the outside to look: over them, and so yew mustn't wonder Lew I did not at once see into it, when, as I wns- a going to say, I saw-its door slowly opens. I moved, and it shut,, " ' Kay, but I'm«lreammg,' thinks I; and with that I gave my- eyes no end of a rub. Again I went on towards the pew ; the dsiisr slowly opened, and'.oa my retreating, it again' closed. " Now that I thought I was sure of seeing' a ghost, or something uncommon, my heart did not heat as before, when there was nought to occasion' it; but saying, alondi 'Thomas"White, you are sexton of this place,, preserve your rights.' I marched to the reading-desk, fouiudtliekey, and was return ing down the aisle no the vestry, when this-' time, with a creaking noise, the pew-door slowly opened, as if some one was pushing it' froin within :—as I- passed, it shut. "'Forewarned, Mr. Ghost,' thinks I, 'is: forearmed and so, after reaching the vestry and getting my pick, I returned up the aisle;, leaving my lantern, behind, in order not to> be seen by the spurrits. " It was indeed- dark now, but I knew my way too well to fear-missing the right pew,— ! for ye know the inside as well as the out after a forty years" service, Mr. Doctor. " I had gone htdf way up, when something touched me on the shoulder. It wasn't a hand, or any living thing—no. I at once knew the pew-door was again open. When I went to the vestry it had shut itself, and all the other pews were, I had ascertained, securely fastened. How, then, had it opened itself? who was- the tenant of that sitting? I moved myself a little forward, and the door shut with a half slam. ' Rather louder,' thinks I; and feeling for the handle, I pulled. The door was unlocked, and opened. With my pick I banged about underneath the seats, but nothing came in contact with my weapon. I tried above, bat with no result, the pew must be empty. I hurried, now very excited, for my lantern, and again approached the pew. The door slowly opened by itself,. as before, and then shut. " And so, doctor, being determined to find out who was doing all this queer game, I held my lantern up and looks around—hah, hah, hah! ho, ho !—what do yon think I found was my gho3t ? It was not a man, dead or living; not a spurrit or anything supernatural; it was—he, he !—frozen snow on the matting. "Yes, doctor, Fm not telling ye false; it was snow that had made me so perplexed for so long. I found that the people in coming ( into church had never like decent folks ; shaken the fallen snow off their feet, but had i brought in a quantity, which had collected ! somehow or other underneath the matting ; before Robson's pew, had frozen there, and j the door not having been shut properly, the i stiffened matting acted like a lever whenever j anyone walked, like myself, up the aisle, i swung it open, aud when one moved forward j or backward, the matting dropped, and the ! door swung to again. I " There's my ghost story for ye, and that's ! why I laughed when ye told me ye believed 1 in ghosts, for I think many people fear more I what they imagine they sec, than what really i does take place. Find out, Mr. Doctor, the j causes of your ghosts when they visit you, < and I thinks ye'll not be troubled with much ! superstition." 