WAGGA WAGGA. (Fross the Express.) PucsvANT to advertisement, a public mooting of tho members of the congregation of St. John's Church was hold at the court- house on Tuesday evening last, for the purpose of considering the steps that should be talken in order to secure the services of a clergy man in the place of the ltov. S. Fox, who is about leaving the district. The evening was rather stormy, and the meeting was not numerously attended. Mr. F. A. Tompson was called to the chair, and, in opening the business said that he was sorry to see that the attendance was so small. The members of the congregation were all aware that Mr. Fox would soon be leaving them, and uas it was quite clear that they could not sulter their parish to remain without a pastor, it would be necessary for them to immedi ately bestir themselves to procure a successor. It had been mentioned that the lRov. Mr. llarpur who was at present residing at Doniliquin, was willing to come to Wagga Wagga, and from the inquiries which he had made, he thought that his appoint mont to their incumbency would be in every way most desirable. Mhr. Tompson then read four reso lutions, which had beoon prepared, and loft it for the mooting to decide as to their adoption. A short and rather irregular discussion followed, and the resolu tions, which were in the following terms were then put to the meeooting and carried unanimously: ThaIt as thei pteriod C ned by the oev. Sanlcrel Fox for tils reslgnylou of llst duties, as lsinister of ltu congregation oa St. Joll' , s now fast ap roehinn a tills lleeting olleders it of the firot importanue thsat ilsnsdiano su eps shouled te taken to procure tise serviss of a mnilster of thse gos?pl ill is place. FThst wltit the view of speedily seurilln tile services ot mothler clerSmaun., a communication be addressed withsout delay to sLo Isorsl p tht Bliop of tilulr n urging ualon hols L. rtlsils teu sheesily of nouleting s a otller in illisaster sor wsgga \\\5sgga, il plscre of th eseaaent illnculbent. Tlshat itl tile pislens of tltis meeting tile licer. tr. ltnrpeur oc esnllilquls, would bso a losotdesirable person to take slirituls etosrg. oft ths dstlrict, sssd thatt s I.tter b addrelssed to hlsss to ascertain lls feellgs on thu suljeet, and urging as early reply. Thalnt il tlse eveslt of tse Rlev. mr. Iarpur consellnting to i.cot s incsusbeat of St. .loeln's (subject to the lisa o p's ssaleo tilu), sualssali ?e u lforthwitth msvle to lls I.ordship for thea sppoinitment of thie Rle. .tr. llrpur to this lucumbeuey. It was than proposed, seconded, and carried unani mously, thit copies of the preceding resolutiono should be despatched to Mr. Larpur by the next post, and that DlMessrs. Cottlo, Lavonder, F. A. 'Tompson, and I. Nixon should be appointed a corn mittee to draw up a communication to his Lordship the Bishop of Goulburn, roquaestiog him to carry out the object which the mooting had in viow; and also a further communication to the Rev. MCr. H?rpur explaining the action taken by the meeting. After the customary compliment had been paid to the chairman, the meeting brokeo up. Late on Wednesday night some excitement was created in town by a report that a man named Douglas Mfe Gregor, formerly landlord of the Bridge Ilotol in this town, but now a settler on the Juneo road, had been shot by the police in resisting his apprehension for cattle-stealing. The facts of the ease appear to have been, as nearly as possible, as follows: In consequence of information obtained, Sergeant Carroll had received instructions to watch the premises of a man named Thomas Cartwright, residing about two and a half miles from North Wagga Wagga, as it was supposed stolen cattle were slaughtered there. On the evening above mentioned, in pursuance of these instructions, the sergeant started off, Constable Mic Laughlin having preceded him It little earlier on the same errand. Between eight and nine p.m., as he neared the place, hlie met the constable, who said that lie believed a beast had been killed, as he hail heard a shot fired. They then both rode down to a buslh-yard, adjoining Cartwright's stock-yard, and thore saw a beast recently killed, and Thomas Cartwright, junr., and Douglas IMc Gregor standing over it with knives in their hands. Mc Laughlin called to them to put their knives down, which Cartwright did, but IMc Gregor bolted into the stock-yard, and Sergeant Carroll dismounted and followed Ihim, calling to Me Laughlin to look after the other man. MIcGregor brandished his Iknife over his head as the sergeant advanced, who told him that if he attempted to use his weapon Ihe would fire. Upon getting to close quarters, and MI Gregor still using the kniif threateningly, tile sergoant fired low, but without effect. McGregor then jumped forward with tihe knife, and the sergeant fired again, also without effect. Upon this Mc Gregor's wife rushed between her husband and the sergeant, and caught hold of the latter, whoseo pistol was still cocked. In makling a slight blow with tile side of it, in order to got rid of the woman, the pistol accidentally exploded close to her face, but without inflieting any injury. iMc Gregor upon this made a spring at the sergeant, and Ihe fired for the third time, upon which nMc Gregor twisted round with an oath. The ser geant thought he was wounded, and would sur render, hut was rather astonished to see him turn and run off apparently unhurt. At this moment I1e Laughlin came riding up with young Cartwright, and being thus batter prepared for a chase, he left his prisoner with the sergeant, who handcuffed him after some slight show of resistance. tle Laughlin in the meantime caught up to lIc Gregor, who was running with his shoes oil, and dodging behind the hushes to eludo pursuit. The constable called upon him to surrender, but every time he approached him he made a blow at him with the knife, which he was still carrying. His wife also came run ning up, and aided her flying husband by throw ing sticks at the officer, who had repeatedly to duck his head to avoid being struck. tIe Laughlin did not wish to shoot and therefore kept following his man and trying to secure him. After travelling about a mile in this way, he told tIc Gregor that if he attempted to use the knifo again he would certainly fire, and on the latter maklting another blow at him he raised his pistol and fired. The man loll, but was up again in an instant, and again attempted to stab the constable, who drew his horse quickly on one side and escaped. Me Gregor then sent his wife away towards the house for something, and the constable thinkiing that Ihe might he attacked by others, told lce Gregor he would shoot him if he did not surrender. 1He defied him to apprehend him, and after another summons tle Laughlin fired, and wounded him severely. IIis wife then camo running back, and finding he was hurt he gave him self up, and returned with the constable. Upon getting to the stock-yard a doctor was sent for, and Mie Gregor was placed in a cart and sent towards Wagga Waggs. Doctor Mlorgan met him on the road, and returned with him to town and dressed his wounds. He has been slightly grazed upon the right arm and across the abdomen, it is believed by the same shot. Another shot entered his right side, above the hip-bone, and after passing through the muscles of the back came out upon the opposite side, and was found in his trousers. He is now in the lookup with his wife, who lis since been appro hended, but he is. not believed to be dangerously wounded. Cartwright was brought upat the police court on the following morning, but little evidence was taken, and he was remanded until next day, in order that ?Ie Gregor and his wife may be brought up with him. Too much praise cannot be accorded to the police for their conduct throughout this afllair. The sergeant never attempted to seriously hurt Ie Grcegor when attacked by him with the knife. but only endeavoured to intimidato him by firing at his legs ; and ile Laughlin, also, though he would have been justified in shooting him from the first, exercised the greatest forbearance, though savagely attacletd, and never used his pistol until he had fol lowed him for a mile, and fouind that .io would escape altogether if he was not disabled. The slaugatored beast is believed to be one of Mr. Rand's of Oura ; but, as the brand was cut out, even when the police first rode up, and that gentleman has not yet arrived in town, it has not yet been positively identified. Two deaths in the bush have been reported in town during the week. On Wednesday intelligence was sent in that the remains of a man had been found at Houlighan's Creek, on the track between Cowarby and Eunonyhareenyah. Yesterday Mr. Forsyth, accompanied by Sub-inspector Meares and Dr. Morgan, proceeded to the spot. A magisterial inquiry was partially held before the former gentle man, and then adjourned till to-day for the pro duction of further evidence. A post mortem ex amination was made by Dr. Morgan who gave it as his opinion that the unfortunate deceased had perished from thirst. Death had apparently taken place about three weeks ago. Three shillings were found in his trousers pocket and a note from a man named Birch, asking for some tobacco to be sent to him. A billy and pint pot were found near the body, which was lying some little way from the creek. The remains were interred near the spot where they were found.—The second body was found close to O'Donnell's free-selection at Junee. The same gentlemen we have named above proceeded thither yesterday and a magisterial inquiry was partially heard and also adjourned till to-day. The deceased was seen to pass Leitch's' water-hole on Tuesday or Wednesday last. On the evening of the first mentioned day, a man was seen by O'Don nell's boy near this place and was taken by him to be a ghost. The deceased was an old grey-headed man between fifty and sixty years of age. Accord ing to the evidence of Dr. Morgan, death had been caused by serous apoplexy. When discovered the body was clothed with a pair of trousers but no shirt. Upon hearing of the occurrence, Mr. Rusch had the remains conveyed to his station where they have been since interred. 