[?] THE PSOPHECY OF IH 0 G D E N H AL L; ? ;:.L; ? or, ?? i THE HISTORY OF A ^'SUPERSTITION. Jlllnv ??:? :?. . . ? ? v ( From, the Lamp. ) ^':J CaAWM III.— (Continued). ? J 2 .j'.Hpar she looked at me ! and I was faithful in my aeart. At any sacrifice I would never hare let her ,, feel grieved or trifled with. Whatever the penalty might be, I was ready to pay it. I would treat her with all honour and chivalry ; and in the day of her strength— if that day should ever come — she should -sever know what she had revealed in the hour of her wonknftfiB. ' ; When we arrived, Mrs. Snow met us. She '.greeted me affectionately, then said, ' Aad Edith V kissing the girl, on whose face a strange smile was (learning — a smile of triumph, as if she had at 'ttmpted something and succeeded. rjVIinave promised him to take care of myself; I ?ay to go to bed,' said Edith. ? («« Tiiat is right, my darling ; he is a good adviser.' . ' la he V and she looked round with a glance as «£ some strange happiness ; it made every one of us Sick at heart and miserable. * ' '' Here is another friend ; come and speak to Mr, Jukes.' Mrs. Snow led her niece into the room, inhere ou old friend stood waiting. Edith spoke to kirn with more of her natural manner than she had tried towards us. He addressed her with the peculiar fascination of the old-fashioned politeness that sat so Wl on him, and belonged to his reverend years. I «air she was pleased ; she looked round at me for sympathy ; she would not separate heiself from me for a moment. . Bat she remembered her promise, and went up stairs and to bed. In an hour's time I heard of her bavin; had some food, and being then asleep. I ? *fcan«(i tell what a relief it seemed to me ; it was if ay life could oaly be endurable while hers waa hashed iu unconsciousness ; for she was a terrible tardeo. on my mind and my sympathy. I was en thralled in a bondage I had never desired, and from which I prayed Heaven, for every one's sake, to set me free. . \- Mrs. Snow, Mr. Jukes, and I Gat considering what wo should do. Edith would not see Mr. Jones, «nd no one wished her to see him. ? The Ruahalls doctor arrived while we were delib erating, and joined our council. He was not un willing to undertake the case alone. He said he had 4ngge'sted Mr. Jones in the first place more for the satisfaction of Edith's friends than for his own guidance. Her constitution wa9 a peculiar one, and fee had frit it right and honourable, when she was in the first stagea of nervous fever, to call in addi tional advice ; but, considering Edith's dislike to Mr. Jones, he should now give up that gentleman's services. This was just our own opinion, and we were glad to be confirmed in it. Thus that day gassed; Edith slept : awoke for tea; asked about me ; received a message to say that I would see her fee next morning, if she should have had a good might; and then slept like a child till Mrs. Snow geased to watch, and herself went to bed. I could hot cease to think of this young girl. I ?thought deeply ; I thought of nothing else, till I jud determined on the next day's course of action. I was sent for in the morning, and I entered that Aressing-roona that was to be now, through life, like a piece of my own peculiar world. There, on the nine sofa, sat Edith, looking like her natural self, tiut more, far more beautiful, for colour mantled ia ?her pale face, and gave her that look of sympathy which was all that her loveliness wanted. With it athe waa almost too beautiful for this life — there was something so above it in the tenderness of her glance, aad the unearthliness of that carnation tint, that P«led and glowed, and looked like the light of the ?aagel'a wing that guarded her innocence. I said; ' You are better.' 'Yes.' 'Edith, you must take great care of yourself; you are beloved by us all so truly that you owe it to a* to get strong. Your «wn care is better than a ' doctor's, I think.' ? : '1 snail gee strong, . sne sain. ; s ; ' Ifc is too cold for you to go out to-day. Will you ? keep quiet ? will you see Mr. Jukes, and let 'him iMOsr how good you can be,!' 'I shall like to see him,' Bhe said ; ' I must ask , kim to love me ; he knew ray father.' ' Yea ; and he is your firm friend.' ' ? 'I know it; I am glad.' '?Well, keep quiet; eat and sleep— above all filings sleep ; encourage any wish for rest, and drop asleep as often as you can : you must observe these 1 «rder3 of mine for to-day. I am going to London—'1 She grew so pale tbat I atopjied speaking; but she flushed brightly the next moment. I went on : ' ] ? shall be back again to-morrow inunring ; they wil. ' sit up for me ; I shall get here about three o'clock.' ^ — — — — pcaaKgn i i i m^i-i ? «i-^*»»M..m»»i e»m ?3*'*!,5*l^!?tanaill-7«17 again now. 'I have im- f pertant business to transact in Loadon, and must go I immediately. I am going, to find you stronger and better to-morrow.' I gave her my hand ; she took it, and held it while she repeated my last words, looking into m^ f*c» with all her guileless heart's feelings written on . her countenance. ' 'Yes; stronger and better. Good-bye till to morrow, Frank-' ?- J I pressed her hand for a moment, gave her a smile.1 of as much cheerfulness as I could command, and. left her. '':'?'' I imparted to no one my reason for going to Lon don. It was a ' self-aufficing' day with me, and I started to walk to the station. It was cold, acutely cold at fiist, with the ground ringing under my feet, and the whole earth in a strong armour of hard frost ; but there was not a breath of wind, and the sun shone cheerily. CahpmhIV. I got to London about half-past eleven o'clock. I jumped into a cab, and said, 'Conduit Street, Se/ gent Street: and as quick as you can go.' When I got there, I dismissed my conveyance, and walked rapidly to a house in which lived a friead. . -; ?'?}-. ' Is Mr. Charles Alison at home ?' ' 'Yes, sir; but, he is just going out!' I did not care for that. I bounded upstairs and-' into a room I knew well ; and there saw my friend standing, in the act of completing his out-door attire,' 'Prank!' f 'Charley I Where are yon going V' ''?'. 'To Greenwich.' ' ': 'Why!' 'Why! — my dear fellow, come too? I am sap posed to be out of town. I have been out of town for three days. I came up yesterday; and I Am' going to Greenwich for a blow, a breeze— for health, strength, appetite, variety — for my body and my mind. Such a day! bright as a diamond. A glit tering good day— -enough to put anyman's circulation in right order ; and I'm going to try it on mine. Come too, my dear boy ; I shall be greatly the better for it.' 'Yes,' I s»id, 'I'll eome. But I must talk surgery all day, Charles.' 'That's another thing,' said Alison gravely. ' I not go. Is it -about yourself that you would speak ?' 'No; about a friend.' ' ~ ;: 'Then a friend can be talked of on Blackheath, with cigars in our mouths.' „ ' r ? . 'Yes.'- ??? ? . ' ? ?.,'?; 'Then we must run.' , * ?-. And so we went off at swinging pace to the eihhi-r bus. We got in, and spoke little till we were in a railway- carriage bound for Greenwich, when Charles Alison said, ' Well, now, who's ill !' ' Not now ; wait for Blackheatb,' was my answer. And in half-an-hour we found ourselves there. ? It was the kind of day, the air, the scene that makes one feel vigorous. We walked on the heath under the cloudless sky of this winter day, and not even then was there a disturbing breath of t inter wind. 'How glorious ! It is a day made on purpose for us. Now, Frank Arnold — now, my old friend, begin your story.' And so I told it all, as well as I was able, from beggining to end ; only interrupted occasionally by some question ef Charley's which I paused upon and answered thoughtfully, for I knew I was speaking to; a thoughtful mind, 'You have told mo every thing V asked my friend. 'Yea, every thing. I might have dwelt longer perhaps on the subject of the prophecy—' 'Have you told me all about Edith V / V . 'Yes.'' ,/ , ? ; '?'?'? : ''..??'..? ' I don't care about the prophecy. It frightened' her — that is enough. If a child is frightened by a pretended ghost, it is no matter to me, when I am callod in, whether the ghost, was dressed in a red night-cap or a blue one. Miss Wood has been alarmed beyond her powers of resistance ; and I have to deal with the effects. Thiapoor lady ia very, il, Frank ; ill iu a mysterious way. But we will try what our brains and care-taking can do for her. I must consult some of my own memoranda. Let us dine, and go home. How long will you stay with me?'. ' ? 'Till midnight,' 1 uaid ; ' I must go back to her then.' 'Frank, will you think two minutes, and answer me truly,? Are you in love with her !' I thought for tho prescribed time. I|exaniined myself as he would have me do. I said, 'No ;'land it was, I am sure, the truth. ' As much interest as you ean imagine short of. that : not that, Charley.' 'Very well,' he said ; 'that clears the way.' ? : We weiit to an inn for dinner, and then returned to London. Before I left ray friend's houuo 1 had learnt this much— that Edith was not to see Mr. Jones any more : that I was to stay with her as long as, might be absolutely necessary — no longer ; that ad vantage was to be taken of the peace that my pre sence gave to get her to take exercise, and do everj i.inng to strengthen her general health. But as soon as this was so far accomplished as to o ...W^v.,, AUIUWHWIHH uiaegTBBgB— I — BP— — B— — — BB | make my absence safe, I waa to go— any whew, beyond recall : ? o ' Home, Naples. Jerusalem, —the farther the bst« ter. People heaitate about sending beyond the Alps after a person. You must be got rid of, as well as ? Mr. Jones, and as soon as possible.' This was Alison's judgment ; and I acknowledge to some pain in submitting to it. He further sug gested that he should visit Ruahalls, as it were unexpectedly on Saturday, and be asked to stay till* Monday. He desired that the knowledge ef his being a medical man might be kept from Edith ; and he said she ought to be removed from Rushalls to some utterly different scenery — to some place she had never seen, and every association with the place in which she had suffered the shock broken. 'I would even burn that old India shawl, if I had to manage her. When she came back to RushallB, she should find the whole house changed ; any thing to break the train of recollection — to make it difficult te recall the post.' . I got back to my friends very well pleased with my day's work. I repeated every thing to Mr. Jukes, and Mrs. Snow was delighted to hear of Alison com ing on Saturday. The next day being fine, I persuaded Edith to drive out. Of course I went with her. The most affecting thing in her present state was her betrayal of herself. Utterly unconscious it was; but it proved to me perpetually, and in a very touching 'manner, that one had lost that self-command which so belongs to a woman's character that it is difficult ^to imagine any woman without it. I was necessary to her ; her life was mine. Without herself know ing it, she made me know it. In my heart I was her sworn protector. I eould not touch her without a lively sense of the myster ious responsibility this beautiful woman had become to me ; and I guided myself so that she should never in the future have a memory of those sad days to disturb her happiness. .. Saturday came, and by mid-day Charles Alison had arrived. His charming frank manner, and his being my friend, immediately attracted Edith. He did not have much to Bay to her. His arrival, and my spending my evenings with him, was made a reason for Edith joinining us in the drawing-room. She did this with a shy, reserved, almost childish manner, which I.percieved caught Alison's attention immediately. It so happened that Mrs. Snow was at this time suffering from a severe cold. She had caught cold on the day when Edith had left home, looking for her herself about the grounds. When Alison and I were .alone together, he said : 'Do you see how self-conscious Edith Wood is — , how unspeakably selfish — absorbed in her own in terests ? We must make capital out of Mrs. Snow's cold ; a very bad one it is. She ought to leave this place for change ef air ; and we ought to frighten Miss Wood for her aunt's health — a counter- alarm might come in well now. I will announce my profession to-morrow, and insist on being attended to.' And accordingly the next day be talked to Edith of her avmt's illness, and put Mrs. Snow's aelf sacrifice in so strong a light as to make dispute impossible. Mrs. Snow, who was of course in the secret, consented to appear as ill a3 Alison pleased ; and Elith heard with less agitation then waa expected that we were to go to London the next afternoon, and to a seaside place in Kent the follow ing day. There was the bustle of packing, and other ,arrangeme.ats. Edith got less attended to. She was not supposed to bs the first object in the house any longer ; and we all shuddered and sighed when we heard Mrs. Snow cough, and elevated her as quickly as possible into. the position of the heroine. By extraordinary exertions whera Monday came the two ladies were travelling to towa under Allison's . *3cort arid mine ; .and Mr. Jukes waa going back to the office at Weston. We stayed in London a week and spen_t Christmas there ; Alison and I going to Ma«s daily, as we had never had the chance of doing together since we left college, and life parted us as to our places in the world and our work iu it. It was the first time that eousiu Mary, had ever seen men who habitually practiced their religion. She said so to Alison ; and 1 knew that ahe liked his plain, strong, simple-minded answers. On the Wednesday week, after leaving Eushalls we goj to Folkestone, where Mr. Snow's maid had found suitabje lodgings. Now it became Edith's work and mine to take care of Mrs.: Snow. She grew better rapidlj, and, Edith improved in Btrength also. . We drove out almost everyday, and lived out of doors as rauohi as the season permitted. ' It was warm and sunny. Febru ary came in with feelings of spring, and I began to Hope that our great trial was passing. At Mrs. Snow's desire, Charles Aliaon came on Saturdays and^ stayed till Monday. This went on for three weeks-, and then I felt that I must try to go. He aud I talked the matter over. Edith's state was a very variable one. But we could not go en for all our lives as we were; at all risks we must make a change, and I must go. ' I think,' eaid Alison, ' thai'w© onghfc 'td'gtt Mr. Jukea here, and I could com* down for a day or two; you should go, and they should not be alone. Write to Mr, Jakes.' I did so. He had known all our plans and had approved of Alison's measures. Edith was not her self yet ; but while the strengthening system wa» being pursued, while bathing 'and' hbrse-exerciap were agreeing with her, then evidently was the beai time for me to go, 'to make my escape.!,' '.I called it so to Mr. Jnkes, and I felt it to be so in my . heart. ?' Vfr. Jukes fixed a day for coming, and gladdened all by doing so; thea he wrote again and named a earlier day, as he had a droll story to tell us. W; made merry, and wondered about tho story ; but tho day came, and Mr. Jukes eame with it. He had; written for Alison to come and meet him ; and when we were all together, he said : . ' I am going to explain to you the absurd story of the prophecy of Hodgen Hall, of which all wluj knew Miss Hogden have heard ao much.' ?'...''. I can neither describe our surprise nor our interest. He produced sonw papers, taken from the parcel* which I had brought from Rushalls to our office atj Weston, and Mr. Jukes began : '..',. 'In the finehand of Queen Mary's day, which is not difficult to read, I find the propheoy written out and some things uttered by this strange character tie Hodgen fool, and naid to have come true. The! lines were just as you have . repeated them, Mm/ ? Snow, as to their sense, though yours is a medera' version. But here is a paper dated, and in thai most pedantic and difficult hand which /pa'opl$. affected in James the First's time ; jhia too contains .'.' a copy — a verbatim copy — of the rhymes, and thia commentary on them. 1 have got it written out in plain English here; but you ladies may complete your education by learning t» read the original. ' This prophecy, says our perpetrator of the difficult caligraphy, — 'this prophecy is said to have bee» written before the events which at once fulfilled the fool's words and brought me into posession of this fair estate.' 'Now observe, if you please,' said Mr. Jakes; that this prophecy, which influenced and embittered our friead Miss Hogden's life, was written of as fuh lilled in the end of the reign of James the First. Now listen to what our pedantic friend says : ' ' The Glory of Hogden was the name of the great oak-tree, of which the splintered remains are still standing, for I think the people have a superstitions .regard ferm them. The late Mr* Arthur Hogdea and his eldest son lay dead of the same pestilential ' V; disorder, and. were buried in London. His youngest son, who was but a boy, was ia this house with his sister— a young woman of great mind and muck beauty. They were caught in a thunderstorm, and ; went beneath the Glory of Hegden for shelter; the lightning, falling killed the boy, split the tree ia pieces, and struck Miss Hodgen blind. Thi3 happened on the evo of her twenty-second birthday,' and when, engaged to be married to her second suitor, — a former lover having been killed by an accident. Hogdea Hall then saw its fall, and its Glory the oak— pass away, when the hour came, in consequence of these three deaths of the heirs- male, to a woman on the eve of her birthday, who when tka Glory was destroyed at the same time hat her eye* tight. This mtndlest woe was the cause she gav» for refusing to fulfil her promise of marriage. Oa her death the place came to ray father, a distant and younger branch of those Hogdena who in the direct line ceased with the lady I have spoken of. . She lived to be old, but never in any degree recovered sight.'' ? _ ' ? * Edith was the first to speak. 'So long ago ful- - 4 -- filled 1' 'And our dear old friend not only had nothing t« do with this »o-caUed prophecy,' said Mr. Jokes; 'but itrcfeircd to a branch of the family which had died out, and which her ancestora had followed. It is wonderful to see how gossips can revive a tale, accept it, and work out its fulfilment. But we have f not quite done with our friend of the puwling pen maaship. 'Nevertheless,' he goes on, 'lam bound to say that I have heard many declare that these lines vxie written after the events ; and that thouga undoubtedly the fool of Hogdea had a great repute- ' tion, he was not the author of these lines, which were in fact written-many yeara after his decease But on this matter I have no opinioa of my own,*'' {To be continued.) 