MR. ANDERSON'S "HAMLET." THERE have been four "HAMLETS " on the Melbourne stage, each presented by an actor of eminence; not to speak of Miss CLEVE- LAND'S, which stands in a category of its own, not of the "HAM- LETS " of the dii minores. In the character as interpreted by Mr. BROOKE, there was a predominance of the meditative element ; as, in his speech and manner, the courtliness of the PRINCE was con spicuously visible. His melancholy seemed to have been inspired by his philosophical survey of life, and by an irrepressible con viction of its pitiful baseness and contemptible littleness, rather than by his own fee- griefs. Mr. CHARLES KEEN'S version of the part was scholarly but fantastical, enlivened with gleams of surly humour and quaint bursts of passionate moroseness. Mr. SULLIVAN'S "HAMLET" was consistently artificial and monotonously studied. It satisfied, but never stirred you. It was, with one or two trifling blemishes, systematically if not painfully correct. You could have forgiven almost any deviation from the prescribed gestures, tones, by- play, and business, for the sake of a flash of genius. It denoted unwearying industry, but it exhibited no trace of inspiration. It was entitled to high praise, but you withheld from it the impulsive and irrepressible tribute of admiration which is extorted from you by greatness in the histrionic as in every other art. Mr. ANDERSON'S "SAMLET " is less majestical than Mr. BROOKE'S, less spasmodic and grotesque than Mr. CHARLES KEAN'S, and less artificial than Mr. SULLIVAN'S. Is it, then, a perfect " HAMLE.T ?" No. Is it a "HAMLET" with a distinctive cachet and a special characterization? Yes. Mi*. ANDERSON, lite the illustrious actor with whom he was associated for so many years, and to whose style he has conformed his own, is an educated gentleman; and, as such, he must have made an independent study of the character. The view of it which he presents to us is that the PRINCE was a confirmed hypochondriac, an indolent and contemplative man, with an introspective habit of mind, a tendency to brood over mental speculations and personal wrongs, and a disposition to neglect those hygienic laws upon which the maintenance of health depends. This latter is not so much suggested by the actor as it is capable of being inferred by the attentive spectator. You find yourself reasoning upon his conduct, and analysing its motives by the light of physiological science. You connect the morbid operations of his piind with diseased physical functions—with poisoned blood, with a torpid liver, and with a deranged digestive apparatus. These are the almost inevitable results of protracted study, of over-anxious thoughts, of a moody indulgence in an uncommunicated sorrow, and of an inactive life, under favour of which he has grown "fat and Ecant of breath." They react with pernicious force upon his intellect and his moral nature, and they are responsible for those outbursts of petulance which cause him to " unpack his heart with words, and fall a-cursing like a very drab, a scullion"—for that vehemence of self-reproach in which he SQ, often indulges, and for that "mouthing" and "ranting" to which he gives way when he is brought face to face with "LAERTES" at the grave of his sister. This, then, seems to be the aspect of " HAMLET'S" character with which Mr. ANDERSON has been most forcibly struck, and which he accordingly exhibits with a degree of prominence commensurate with the strength of his own conception of its truth and importance. Mr. ANDERSON'S personal qualifications for the practice of his art are not inconsiderable. His figure is well proportioned, well knit, robust, and lithe; his carriage is easy and dignified, his voice powerful, resonant, various in tone and rich in quality; while his delivery is only open to the objection that it is occasionally too measured, and marked at times by an unnecessarily prolonged cUbit of the open vowels. Hie acting is characterised, as Mr. MAC- READY'S was, by extreme earnestness, amounting to intensity ; he absorbs the attention of the spectators because be himself appears to be absorbed by and in the part. Thus in listening to the recital of the ghost upon " the more remov&d; ground," every faculty of the actor appeared to be spell-bound by the apparition: he was literally "rapt in the wonder of it;" nothing existed, to his apprehension, but the spirit and himself; all his senses were subject to the thrall laid upon him by that Bpectral visitor; and when " the Majesty of buried Denmark" faded from his sight, the blank bewilderment of mind which supervened, and the restitution to it of the sense of a visible and tangible world surrounding him, were made manifest to the audience by the expression of the actor's 'countenance as intelligibly and forcibly as though the emotions themselves had been described in animated and explicit terins. Again, in his "encounter" with "OPHELIA," under espial, Mr. ANDERSON succeeds in indicating that the " antic disposition" is assumed with a view to baffle and confuse her watchers, and he refrains from mitigating the harshness of his language by any dumb show of tenderness, since this, also, would not have escaped the vigilant eyes of his uncle and " PoLONitrs," and would have neutralised the effect which his counterfeit madness was intended to produce on their minds. That " HAMLET'S" insanity was simulated, is the construction which Mr. ANDERSON evidently puts upon it, founded upon a more complete survey of the character than those who are merely familiar with the acting version of, the play can possibly take, since, in the latter, whole scenes are omitted, and passages of vital importance are ruthlessly excised. For example, towards the close of his interview with his mother in her closet, when the QUEEN, in a fit of remorse, promises " HAMLET]" to be obedient to his wishes, his supreme solicitude is evinced for the maintenance of his secret, and his greatest dread is lest she should Ravel all this matter out, That I essentially am not in madness, But mad in craft. This important admission is "suppressed, on account of the coarseness of the context; and yet, taken in connection with his injunction to " HORATIO," in the .first act, to refrain from any " ambiguous giving out" of the true cause of " HAM- LET'S" " antic disposition," and with the remarkable challenge he offers to the QUEEN to test his sanity by an act of memory, which would establish the continuity, the logical sequence, and the coherence of his thoughts—it -goes far to prove the soundness of the PRINCE'S reason. This seems to be Mr. ANDERSON'S estimate of the controverted question, and his presentation of the character is necessarily in harmony with that conclusion. " HAMLET " is not mad, but hypochondriacal; and the outrageousness of his speech and actions is attributable in part to his assumption of insanity, and in part to his melancholy, which, as BURTON says, is " extream passionate." This postulate being granted, Mr. ANDERSON'S " HAMLET" is a consistent and artistic performance. It is true to his ideal of the character. No two men will ever be found to agree in their ideals of it, because " HAMLET" is not the picture of an individual, but the compendious epitome of the characteristics of an entire race. He is, as one of the greatest of his critics has declared, "the whole German people"—the representative man of the entire Teutonic family. Each actor who embodies the part, after an independent examination of it, seizes upon those features of it which he is enabled to divine most readily by intuition, and to comprehend most thoroughly by the force of sympathy; and thus he reproduces, not " HAMLET," but such a counterpart of him as the actor' would exhibit if placed in the circumstances and subjected to the conditions under which the PRINCE acted and spoke. Hence, no two "HAMLETS" have ever been alike. G-AREICK'S differed widely from BURBAGE'S ; JOHN KEMBLE'S from GARRICK'S; the elder KEAN'S from KEMBLE'S; HACREADY'B from EDMUND KEAN'S ; and FECHTER'S from MACREADY'S. I will venture to affirm that no one man is capable of grasping and pourtraying the many- sidedness of "HAMLET'S" character, its " infinite variety," and the special characteristics which it possesses in common with each member of the Teutonic race. And for this reason, every representation of it by an actor of acknowledged eminence and ability ought to be judged of, not in relation to its fulfilment of the spectator's ideal, but as to the consistency, congruity, and completeness of the picture as a whole, its cpnformity to the actor's ideal being pre-supposed. Thus judged and so criticised, Mr. ANDERSON'S " HAMLET " is entitled to take equal rank with the best we have seen upon the Melbourne stage. COLLET CIBBER. 