RED BAKES, OCTOBER 8. The important and interesting ceremony of laying the foundation-stons of the new Wes-<*> leyan Church took place last Thursday. instead of the 24th of hist month, it having been post- poned from that date on account of the impos sibility of Mr. Watsford attending to give Ida lecture and to condnct the proceedings. "WSa were also doomed to be disappointed agun: although He Watsford was nobly suhstitntei by the Rev. Mr. Flockart, of Adelaide, wnogsve a lecture on " Luther and the Tt rformiirinn ** The weather, which has been dreadfollr wet and cold, seemed to have ckuuoa. for the occasion. The day proved all that could be desired after the cold weather; tbn sun shining out in redoubled splendor, «iniii"q; the hearts of all with its warmth, only ana short shower descending during the afternoon. A spacious tent was erected on the ground Sir the accommodation of the visitors, of wliii there was a good attendance considering tin state of the River Light. Had that stream been in a fit state to cro?g there would have been a much larger gathering. About 3 o'clock &m; stone was laid by Mrs. T. Manuel, of tbn place. After a hymn and prayer, a botdeooo taining certain, documents appertaining to the Wesleyan Church was placed in a cavity made for its reception, and after the flourishing of the trowel by the '" faire ladye," she «fc—l«i?J in the following words, the stone propedrand duly laid:—" I lay this stone as the fonoaataoa. stone of a Wesleyan Chapel, in which, will be preached the'doctrine of God, according to tba views held by the late Rev. John Wesley, ■_*. May God bless the work of our hand, i.lby this Btonc in the name of the Father, Sao, and Holy Ghost. Amen." After the ceremony, contributions were laid upon the stone to fle amount of £7 25., after which a general ad journment took place to the tea. table, ""£■« cently supplied by the ladies with all theeaal things needful to supply the wants of all,«aj| to spare, and I understand that somedring under a hundred tickets were sold. In tha evening came the meeting and leoture. lie. Tenby was unanimously voted to Uie euair, and in a few brief remarks, introduoed the Bee Mr. Flockart to deliver bis lecture. The lec turer begged to apologise on behalf of the Bey. Mr. Watsford, and explained that on account of the sailing of the ship John Wesley, lie earifcl not attend, and by request he had. liiiiiwW attended. He was sorry that his friends «a™i«l be disappointed of the promised lecture on " Courtship and Marriage," but to make np for that, he had a small batch of the same subject* and he Loped they would be contented with. that until Mr. Watsford could redeem his pro mise and give the whole; and he thought dot would be when the opening of the chapel took place. (Cheers.) He now introduced his sub ject—"Martin Luther and the Reformation,"" and for two hours he literally carried bis andt enee with him through the intricate maze oC incidents in the life of that great man. Ik fancy we saw the boy Luther carrying faggots to his father's furnace. Then followed his nft> fid history, till as a monk, be Bought in despair for the one thing needful; till his hearth desire was found in the old Latin Bible. Then the lecturer traced the growth of convic tion and enlightenment in the ardent y*M?^g convert's mind, followed him to Borne, back to his own country, where he denounced the im postures of TelzeL, and finally broke away baa. Rome, and raised the standard of a pure gaspd. Then came the simple and touciiing history <■? his courtship, of Katherine, and their happyaaal loving life, and after an eloquent and impnsVnm lecture, the rev. gentleman concluded «■—-^-jr great applause. A vote of thanks to t&exer;, lecturer was carried item, con. Yctes to the ladies and to the Chairman brought a Toy successful meeting to a close about half-past 10 o'clock.—The weather is fine, and cngM are looking welL 