€aleOT0tial — , — « ? DIOCESE OP SYDNEY. THE PASTORAL LETTER OF JOHN BEDE, BY THE GRACE OF GOD AND FAVOR OF THE HOLY APOSTOLIC SEE, ARCHBISHOP OF SYDNEY TO THE FAITHFUL, CLERGY AND LAITY, OF THE ARCHDIOCESE OF SYDNEY, ON OCCASION OF THE FESTIVAL OF THE HOLY NAME OF MARY, A.S., 1867. ' Quia respexit humiliiatem anciUce sum : ccce enira ex hox heatam me dicent omnes generationes.' Evangelium secundwn Lucam, c. i. v. 48. ' Because He hath regarded the humility of His handmaid : for, bebold, from henceforth all generations shall call me blessed.' Dearly Beloved, — The ordinary course cf the ecclesiastical year has brought us round again to the Festival of the Most Holy Name of Mary, and we prepare once more to celebrate the mystery of the Incarnation as it ia illustrated in the grandeur and power of the Holy Mother of God. All the festivals of the Church indeed contribute to the manifestation of the glory of that great central, mystery of Christianity, each in its due order and meaning ; the festivals of the Blessed Virgin are pre-eminent amongst them, not only as promoting the tenderest, aud most practical, devotion to the Saviour of the world, but as guarding the purity of His faith. The opening words of Her. hymn of praise, 'Magnificat anima, mea Dominum' 'My soul doth magnify the Lord,' are the key to the right understanding of all She is, and all She doe3. No created being has ever magnified the Lord as She does ; no created being ha3 ever led so many fellow creatures to magnify the Lord as She has led, and is leading day by- day. 'Magnificat anima mea Dominum ;' She is the great preacher of the truth as it is in Jesus. From childhood Dearly Beloved, you have ex perienced the sweetness and efficacy of Her office. Your life long memories of Christian grace in all forms, whatever you have had of faith and nenitence. whatever siu vou have re sisted and overcome, whatever genuine love of God is established in your souls — in a word, whatever, to use the inspired phrase of an Apostle, whatever of 'Christ be formed in you' —all has been so connected in your minds with her aid and intercession, that it is hard for you to realize how any earnest men, bearing the name of Christians, .can imagine the love and worship of Mary to be an obstacle to the supreme love, and supreme worship, of God And yet it is a fact that such imagination exists. How far it can, in the case of any individual, co-exist with sincerity and earnestness of Christian belief, we cannot and need not defcernine. It is one of the mysteries that God reserves to Himself. That the error is in itself anti-Christian — that it springs in most cases from the heretical teaching as regards the Incarnation of our blessed Lord, we are certain. To us it is, as I have said, almost inconceivable. Aa well might it be said that the image of the Holy Mother, bearing iu her arms the child obscures the vision of Christ at Bethlehem ; that standing by the cross she ieads us to forget the Crucified ; that the picture of Mary, conceived without sin, obliterates from our minds remembrance of that original sin, fi-nm ToliirtTi TTer Son's blood redeftrnGfl TTcr and US. Let me call to your remembrance, Dearly Be loved,' the doctrines that we have received from our Lord's Church. She teaches in the Cate ehism, by which all your children are instructed in the faith they are to hold as disciplea of Christ that Je3iis Christ is truly God, because He has the self-same divine nature with God the Father, being equal to Him in all perfections ; that He is truly man, having the nature of man, a body and soul like ours ; that there are in Him two natures, the nature of God and the nature of man ; that there is only one person, which is the gerson ot ixoci tne son. Again in tne larger atechism, known as the Catechism of the Council of Trent-, you read: 'As soon a3 the soul of Christ was united to His body, the Divinity itself was united to both; and thus, in the instant His body was animated by a rational eoul, the Divinity was united to soul and body, and ao, at the same instant, He was perfect God and perfect man, and the Most Holy Virgin, having at the same moment conceved God and man, is truly and perfectly called Mother of God and man.' Again, in the Creed of St. Athanasius, thfe solemn voice of the Church declares the Catholic faith to be that i'OurXord Jesus Christ is perfect God and perfect man, that like as the rational soul aud body is one man, so God and msp is one Christ.' Now in this teaching you see, Dearly Beloved, why the Church addresses th§ Blessed Virgin as the Mother of God. There was not a moment in which the Holy, which was conceived by Her, was not God, perfect God and perfect mart. And this ia our answer to the ques tion asked, wo must hope, in unconscious blas phemy. ' ' How can God have a mother ?' He took to Himself a mother when in the stupen dous miracle. of His love He, being God, assumed our notare. The Holy, which, by tho overeat dowing power of the Holy Ghost, was conceived I in the womb of the Blessed Mary, was, from the [ first instant, one only person, the person of Jesus Christ, very God ar-d very man, the se cond person of the most holy Trinity. As truly, then, as any mother amongst the children of men is the mother of a son, who, consisting of soul and body, is one person, so truly is the Blessed ?Virgin Mary mother of Him who is God, aud bears in one pei-son two natures, the human and the Divine. You see here how awful is the mystery of the Incarnation, how unspeakable the mercy which works the redemption of man, and how naturally shocking to Catholic ears I must be words such as we have lately heard spoken against the sacred dignity of the Mother of God. We might indeed have hoped that in an assembly of men where some know ledge at least of the venerable creed of Christen dom ' is to be presumed, and where some manly decency of external resoect is to be hoped for ' persons and doctrines known to be of such saeredness to fellow Christians — we might have hoped that such language would have been forr borne, or else that it would have been on the in stant denounced and restrained. It was not so, however, and the words, the needless words, of contumely, on a sacred snbject, were listened to in a Christian assembly, as placidly as if they had been the idle vapourings of an election speech. It is no augury of true progress this, Dearly Beloved, but rather of relapse and degradation. Yet it imposes on us Catholics a duty. We must meet words of dishonour and despite by acts of veneration and love. We can make a re paration of honour to the mother of Our Lord, if we could not prevent her being assailed. And it is to do so that I ghave wished, on this oc casion of the Feast of Her Holy name, to address you on the subject, and exhort you to dwell with more than usual care aud preparation on the many titles she has to our affectionate devotion. The one transcendent title, that one indeed which is the foundation of all others, we have already explained. She is the Mother of God. Think what this imports ; a sole, incomparable dignity, a grandeur of office than which no greater can be conceived for a created being. We readily understand among ourselves the rank of an office fiom the importance of the cause or person, in whose service it is held ; what then is the splendour of Her dignity to whose Mothers care was confided the infancy of the Saviour of the world, whose ministry of love was rendered for more than thirty years in the visible bodily presence of God made man. The more you think upon this, the more wonderful and admirable you will see to be the lot for which She was chosen. You will see that Her own immaculate conception, by which, through the anticipated merits of Her Sou's passion and death, She was saved from all stain of original sin, was the due preparation for that most august, virginal, maternity. Perhaps you have not thought enough of this ; let the world's rinbelief and irreverence be to you an occasion of more explicit faith, of more loving and rever ential thought. The Church shows us in what moud we should keep these things, and ponder them in our hearts. It is in the one posture of thankful adoration that She celebrates, in her more solemen services, the three great aspects of the mystery of the Incarnation, 'fit incarnatus eat dc Spiritu Sancto, ex Maria Virgine, et homo foetus es£.' ^.Consider also, Dearly Beloved, what the position of the Blessed Virgin has been in the history of our Lord's Church. You read ia her offices' the antiphon, 'Cunctas hiei-eses sola interemisti in uni verso mundo.' 'Alone thou hast destroyed all heresies in the entire world.' And so it is, that almost all errors against the verity of our Lard's Incarnation aud dignity, have been met anil corrected by the true doctrine concerning His Blessed Mother. So the solemn declaration of the Church, that She is truly Mother of God, condemns at once of itself the heresy 61 the Socinian, who teaches that he is a creature. And, in fact, almost all who have broken away from the communion and teaching of the Church, have lost the truth of tbe Iacar nation and Redemption. Their dislike to the title Motker of God is a proof of it. Our Lord Jesus Christ has no individuality as a man, and cannot have. He has taken the nature of man into the Godhead, He is God and man, but His personality is, as wo saui a wniie ago, tuac oi the second person iu the Blessed Trinity. Now, the true doctrine about our Lady, signified in i Her title to Mother of GoJ, secures the right belief, and is a touchstone of error. Fourteen hundred years ago it was solemnly applied by i the Church in condemnation of the Nestorian heresy, which denied the hy postatical, or substan tial, union of the two natures in Christ. A little before Nestorius, also, we may notice the error of Helvidius against our Lady's perpetual vir ginity. We have heard an echo of it recently. Iu your ordinary English version of the New Testament yon will iind it noticed, that by our Lord's brethren and sisters are meant the chil dren of Mary, the wif j of Cleopas, aud sister of the Blessed Virgin. It was the custom of the Hebrews to call brethren aud sisters the relatives whom we call cousins. And the like custom, I may add, obtains at our very dooTS Hore, in New Zealand, and in many inlands of Oceanica, the eminent missionary priests of the Society of Mary constantly find the apellatiou of brother or sister given to a cousin. Aad so again the late solemn definition of her Immaculate Conception is in many ways a con demnation of errors against; the true doctrine of original sin, and of the necesssity for supernatu ral grace. In an age from which faith is fading, and naturalism is moving forward like a flood, the doctrine of her Immaculate Conception stands a bulwark of the faith, an evidence of the most absolutely supernatural fact. Turn your thoughts again upon the place of our ''L^dy in tho history of human redemption. In tho account of the fall of man, the prophesy of redemption, through the seed ot the woman, is given.-— Eve believed the serpent, and brought death and sin into the world. Mary, the second Eve, believed the angel and became the mother of the Saviour. Our Lord worked His first mira cle at the intercession of Mary. Mary stood by the cross. Mary was with the apostles on the day of Pentecost. From the cress also Mary was charged, by Him whose word is the instru ment of His power, with the duties of a mother towards all whom Jesus loves, that is, all for whom he died, ' woman behold thy son ;' and then only, as it seems, He said that all things appertaining to the redemption of man were ac complished. And in the Apocalypse again the church sees Mary in the woman clothed with the sun, clothed, that is, with the Sun of justice her Redeemer and ours. So true is it that Mary is ever the preacher of Christ ; so true is it that ^ all we believe of her, all the experience we have of her suppliant omnipotence leads us, with hxstt to magnify the Lord, and to rejoice in God our Saviour. Let us then, Dearly Beloved, treasure tho lov« which the church has taught us for this mother' j above all remember, that true love for her lieu in imitation, imitation of her humility, her purity, her holiness. Perhaps some part of the misbelief, and of the unbelief, in the world, is due to the little correspondence we show witk. the graces we receive through the Mother of God. If so, it is surely an ill return that w© make for our great privileges. Let this festival be a fresh beginning for us, a beginning of a more faithful, holy life. Let your recourse to the prayers of the dear Mother of our Lord \\-9 earnest and constant, and remember, that the substance of what she desires for you ia contained in the words she said to the by-standers when! He wrought his first miracle, 'whabsoever He shall say to you do ye.' So will she be to you the 'mother of fair love, and of fear, and of holy hope.' May the peace of our Lord Jesus Christ, and the charity of God, and the communion of th* Holy Ghost be with you all. Amen. \+ JOHN BEDE, Arehbisnop of Sydney. It is directed that the clergy, wherever it may be practicable, engage their people to keep a triduum of special devotions in preparation for the festival of the most Holy Name of Mary, 8© that by a more worthy and devout celebration^ according to the Sacred Heart of her Divine Son, some reparation may be made for the insults daily cast upon her. We recommend that the Benediction of the' Most Holy Sacrament be given on the evenings of Thursday and Friday, and, if possible, on Saturday ; otherwise on Sunday, with more than ' ordinary solemnity. Where Benedictions' can-, not be given, then let five ' Our Fathers,' and live 'Hail Marys,' be said, with the devout intention of joining in the general service «f honour. By order of the Archbishop, ' S. J. A. SHEEHY, Vicak-Ge^erax. St. Mary's Cathedral, September 6, 1867. 