(From tlhe Illustrated Hcatlrical .VNlcs.) A brief sketch of some of tile incidents in the career of Artomus WaRd, gleaned from an American sourc, may not be uIninterest ing to our readers. Charles F. Brown was born in 1834 at a villago called Watorford, in Oxford County. When quite a boy he entored a printing office, and was con sidored a very skilful manipulator at the caos, bult becoming tired of seeing the same old faces every day, he started upon a tour and visited all tilhe prinlcipal places in Now England, stopping at eachl town for a brief period, and worlking at his trado. Hio afterwards settled in Boston, wheoro he worrked with stickr and rulo until his abilities enablod hIlim to reachl thile editorial chalir. Comim stories andl comic essays woro his forto, and hIis writings soon obtained tilhe greatest popularity. Tiring of Boston, lie Ilado hIis way to thile west. On the shlores of Lake Erie and on the Iankls of thile Ohio and MEississippi Ihe gleaned that knowledgo of vestornll life and acquireld tlhalt acute insight into tlhe comic side of western cllaracter hlichll stand out so conspicuoulsly iln hii nmorollus sketchles. Having reachled Clovo land, he became editor of thile Plaindealer. It was at this period of his life tlhat hlo adopted the psoudonym of Artomus Wallrd. In thile autumn of 1800 lhe came to Now Yorkr, and wals elngaged in thile editorial ieopartmonlt of Vanllity Fair. His first attempt at leturillg was at Norwich, Conn., since whlich hIo has attained to great colob rity as a comic writer and lectulrer. Ilis chief suiljects were the Babes in thile Wood, Sixty Minutos in Africa, an Hour with President Lincoln, Artomus Ward's Strug glo with tihe Ghost, and Lifo Among the Mormons. In 1863 he sailed for California, whoro hlie made a most successful tour, and realised large sums of money by his lectur ing. On one occasion, at Platt's music-hall, San Francisco, the receipts amounted to one thousand four lhunldred and sixty-five dollars. At San Joso thile place was illumi natedwithl tar-barrels on thle night of his arrival. At Santa Clara, thile building not being sufficiently largo, thile whole audience adjourned to thile open air, while Artomus, supportod by Mr. IIingston, his agent, holding two wax candles, spolro his piece under thile star-spangled canopy of Heaven. On his way to thile Salt Lake City hie was capturecd by Indians, and narrowly escaped scalping. Returnifig through the rocky mountains the sloigh was broken, and Mr. Brown and Mir. Hingston had to walki some miles through the snow at miidnight, fol lowed by a troop of hungry wolves, which theoy kept at bay with their revolvers. HEo returned to Now York in 1864, wmhoro he attracted immense audiences by leeturing upon his travels in California and Salt Lake Citv. 