WIT AND HUMOR. Misery requires action; happiness repose. The best " Lady's Companion."—Her bus band. '/lie renl commercial docks.—Discounts. He who is a tiger in Lis own family is generally a sheep in society. If a roan deserts Lis wife, wLich is tbe most abandoned? A " rut" Saying.—Set a Fenian to catch a Fenian. How does tbe Irish Cupid inflict bis wounds?—With his " Arrab, bejabers!" There is a " man in tbe moon," and a man and woman in tbe honeymoon. When does a woman's tongue go quickest —"When it is on o railway. A legal question.—Miir-t the punishment for arson be necessarily a liyht sentence. "Wliy is a riiVbonest bankrupt like an honest poor man ?—Because both foil to pet rich. _ Prematurity of understanding- is a biid sign —a man-boy is very apt to lie a boy-man. " What did you give for that horse, neighbour ?"—" My note."—"•Well, that was cheap." Can that vulgar phrase, "to hop the twig," have anything to do with " crossing the Styx ?" Slander not others because they have slandered you; bite not a reptile because you have felt its bite. Snooks says the reason he does not get married, is tlint his house is not large enougli to contain tbe oonsequences. Ladies aro like watches—pretty enough to look at—sweet faces and delicate hands, but somewhat difficult to " regulate" when once set "a-going." Lawyers not unfrequently come to ride in their own carriages, from the clever way in which they Lave managed the conveyances of their clients. A Chinaman went to Beechworth for his health—to pick up a little—and picked up enough to send him to prison for the period of six months. Doctor: " Well, madam, how's your husband to-day ?" Wife : " Why, doctor, he seems no better." Doctor: " Did you pet the leeches ?" Wife : " Yes, but he only took three of them raw; I had to fry the rest." AN ARCHBISHOP'S STATEMENT.—The Archbishop of Canterbury stated at a recent meeting of the Hawnian mission, that he knew few English ladies who could bear comparison with Queen Earna, of Honolulu, in a knowledge of tbe English language and literature. No doubt English ladies are wanting on this point; but perhaps English gentlemen, for the most part, are not conspicuously better. THE "FORTUNE" OF WAR.—The Pall Mall Gazette, writing on the death of Maximilian, gives tbe following as the '.' other side" of the question, or rather as the argument advanced by those who contend that Maximilian is alune responsible for bis own fate:—" Well, but bow about this murder of Maximilian ?" " Why, you see, on the 3rd of October, 1865, Maximilian signed and promulgated a decree denouncing all the opponents of his Government as rebels, to be tried as such by court-martini, and, if found guilty, to be shot within twenty-one hours; and, before tbe month was out, actually put the savage edict into execution. Colonel Ramon Mendez defeated at Atnatulan a Republican force of 1,000 men. and took prisoners General Arteaga, General Salazar, and four colonels. No officers in tbe army were more distinguished and respected than Arteaga and Salazar. Nevertheless, in accordance with jHfaximilians's decree, • they and their companions were shot in cold blood as rebels. One of tbe men who suffered on the occasion was a near relative of Juarez. The tables have since been turned, and tbe measure which Maximilian meted out to others has now been meted out to him. War is a fearful game, and those who choose to play it with unnecessary severity, can expect no mercy themselves when the chance goes against them." OMINOUS.—The London correspondent of the Argus writes:—" Her Majesty continues in her disposition to withdraw herself from the sight of her subjects; and the comments upon this in general society are not of a pleasant kind. Since the excellent-George the Last descended from earth, I do not think Royalty was ever more in disfavor than it is now. The scandals grow plainer and bolder every day. To-day, it is of a young Prince, who, with a beautiful wife stricken down by sickness, is able to console himself with an opera singer—behaving, in fact, not so much as the heir of England, but as the Prince of Lucca. As for his Royal Mother. Her Majesty is said 10 be engaged in building a new house for herself in the remoter Highlands, which is to be seven miles away from the nearest human habitation—a queer fancy for one who has the range of. many palaces." Tbe TonwJiarvk, a new London satirical journal, does not spare the Bo3'al Princes. In . a cartoon, it represents tbe Prince of Wales as Hamlet, strugpling with John Bull, who, as Horatio, is holding him back iiom pursuing the ghost of George IV., to whom the Prince is string, " I'll follow thee." The inference is obvious, and the publication of such a picture'is surely a sign of the times; for the Tamafiaivji (says tbe Flaneur in the Star) is'1>y no "tneans "a low radical paper.-. It is another sign of the times, which will probably liave been noticed by those whose inclination or whote duty prompts their attendance at public dinners,- that while the toast of the Prince of Wales, once so provocative of en- \- thusiasro, js;now received with comparative coldness, tbe mention of . the. name of the Princess calls forth vnmistafecalile-demonstrations of-sympathy end personal-attachment. (Jtti invra *%rra.' Another Royal personage Is thus hinted at:—" A certain Royal sailor (we have fob ©urreaders to supply'for them eelves' his 'nationality}, it is said, exhibited .each a decided taste for the votaries of Teip- -richore during hislast stay .on shore, that it lias been proposed to produce a naval drama; founded. .upon his personal. adventures, to bp «ntMed *3Yoe to the Cotys—de Ballet.'" 'A. ' ••• - :•:. . 'i: ..... . . 