.TOM BllOW.N'Ö COItRlSSPONDBNOE. j London4Jîovotab>r '17." 4 It is curious how suddenly ono is often transported in England, and I suppose in all ( \- old countries, to tho; ;debatea'b'le 'land" which ..lies bofcwoon -romance and 'history, by-some everyday incident, whiolr comos1 upon us Uko a, breath froth fairy lind/''This'morning I was] tip onrly and. out .for a walk in ono^of our' parks balbraibreakfast; ïqhitè^brivioui foT tho moment of 'tho ¿pooínl 'memories of the day, and simply enjoying.,the. One crisp' west- wind ^rhieh waa blowing 'alí.fresh;from tho Surrey nills*and' tho Themas valley, untaintod as yot -with tho smoke of Kensington, Hammersmith, i and tho rest of tho unwieldy suburbs^ .'-E'jiht! o'oloek struck, and firsts ono and thon another, of tho innumerable atdoplcs,'cast and west, north and south, sent -oufc«morry-peals, and -the.wholb air wa3,vocal, as if a, universal mar- riage were, suddenly consummated. For.a moment I was quito-puzzled, -J but .then-tho ?chimes near and far, some, with olear ,shsrp distinctness; othors with a faint cadonce soorcoly recognisable by mortal oar, foll into, ;tboold ' ' ""- -.1 - .'!.'. _ -Tura attain, WliitliORlon, , Lord Mayor of London, i . trad I waa awarO; that it wits Lord Mayor's -day^ Tho old tradition soemod as frosh aa if "the fortunate-boy who owned tho oat wero.. oven now toiling up Hampstead Hill, with tho .marks of tho termagant cook's spit on his. »Shoulders; and as I.sauntered homo to break - :fast, enjoying tho music, I couldn't help spo culating whether any 'of :tbo throe' or ' four' youths whom f encountored ówned! oats, arid what, if anything, tho.bolls',' wero saying to tbem. '. All day wo hayo had the signs of .¡the city festivities .about.:- - I .- am told- for- I didn't go to swell it myself-thatnover before1 on Lord Mayor'B day" waB seonsuoh a crowd all along the route of.tho'proocssion. /Evori'npw, asl writo, Guildhall is biasing with light and; colour, and, Gog and Magog, aro looking, down on .the. goodly i company of "Stato-and oity^ notables gathered at tho tables of tho now' Xord Mayor,. .."'.. , ,fr\\...,,'1 .. _.(,v : Ohuroli'affnirs havo ,bebri, in tho dscoridanfc (luring tho woek. * First''in order of interest «ornes tbo deoisioni of thpT Master of ¿be, Rpljejr XordRomilly, inVtho case. 0f tho ¡Bishop bf1 !Natal against Gladstono1 andi others. ;i,Thp* aotual point in issue was/ whother the trusfcea'J of tlte Sobiôty Tfor tho ' Propagation "pf ^ tho, ¡ Crospol had airightito withhold.tho.incorao of -tho funds devoted1 to tho bishoprio of Natal. This inoome - has' boen withheld by- thetá'fot/ .tho last two years, sinoe tho 'prima to of tho -Sooth* Afrioan-Ohurohr''Bishop"Q ray, "*ojt-"' communicated Dr. Colonso, and. -assumed tor deprivo him of nil ' spiritual authority in/his. *lioceso..iBut the more question . of rnonoy -could of bourse only'!b'o''decided', by' consider^ :îng tho position of coknial.bishops,'whioh' had leen unsettled in somo. respoots by the: judge- ment oftho > Privy .Council" in the- case of - tho Bishops of Natal and ." Oapotownr Thát ' ' caso . had ' '"established' ' ; thátr 33ishop , Gray's , attempt . to, deprive. Bishop Colenso of his spiritual funntions as a bishop, tho right to ordain, confirm' and con-1 «oorateïwarab3olatelynall"and'"vold';~ but on" tho other, j hand: x learned, persons, ¡doubted >*whother it might not bo deduced from the judgment < that'; thepatonts bf''bishops of :,tbo ChuroU of England in tho colonies wore also" altogether voidi If Lord Roroilly'a judg-. mont stands-and/ it is ; said ¡that the; H i uh Church party do not mean-to appeal it-tho question is now settled.- The'Queen; is again* ?tho head of aU authority in hor: dominions,' ecclesiastical (n& well as civil'.; ,;Inráll',,thb' colonies, just as at home, that religious body -which ¡ acknowledges her supremacy is the Church of England; and her fetters .patent" confer on '? bishops of ' 'thit1 communion' ' iu ibo. colonies ^reoisnlyTrthe same ¡ powers and rights" over clergy and laity Vas upon, "bishops : in England. ? Theso lattor ' no doubt .' have " ¡ their ' own . . . ecclesiastical courts for, enforcing ecclesiastical law, and ibero nie in tho colonies, fortunately for thom- as most of us think, no ecclesiastical courts., But this ia ' only ' a difference in form ; and method of procedure, -the "bolohial bishops laving tb prbcebd Lin ' the . ordinary civil courts, "from which . an .appeal lies - to the. Queen in the Privy Counoil. This supremacy * of tho Queen is tho roal test, .of whether a -voluntary association''-of, Christians,; calling" themselves a portion of tho Church of England' are or aro not so in reality. An independent Episcopal Cburob, such as yours, - und that of Scótland, though in " full communion" with' -tho Churoh of, England, ia no part of it,' just "because, it rejoots tho Queen's supremacy.. À ?very satisfactory outcomo for all those who xoject tho high doctrines of apostolic succession and all tho rest of it, but probably ono which -wi ¡J bo demurred to if not rejeoted by a con- siderable portion of our churoh; Mcantlmo; ono rejoices that Bishop ' Colonso has gained -tho arrears of his salary-and tho costs of *uit -, ¡ ; ¡ ..; ' . ;. , .." ' . >; ;"'. ; Tho samo question in anothor form has Tbosn disturbing tho dioocso of ' Salisbury-; Lord tfydnoy Godolphin Osborno, tho 600 of tho times, ia a Dorsetshire clergyman, an excellent parish priest I havo always heard, lut bettor known as an indefatigable forriter outof bucolia abuses of all kinds, and a man full of medical and other knowlcdgo, which. Ito utilises; for the material i. benefit of his' poorer neighbours. Thoologioal - questions ? ? I ¡ doubt whathor he earea much for, or baa over considered ,very deeply/ but until' the last ten days ho has managed to keep an excellent terms with hie bishop. D. Hamilton is this dignitary's name, a good scholar, and a chu rob m an of tho Bishop of Oxford's aohool, .nhp, has., gradually gathered round bim in tho Dioocso of Salisbury a vory de- cidedly high church clergy. 500 watching tho questions of tho day in his Dorsetshire homo, and seeing how theso ritualistic prac-: tices aro exorcising , tito, British mind, and bringing up all tho old controversies about tho priesthood, Bits down arid dolivers himiol! of two lottors to Tho' Times, ooramcuting on tho different education' and training of tho elorgy of tho English and Roman communions, how tho ono. sot livo precisely liko other young mon till crdinatlon, ona marry, and oxoroiBb lay functions, BUoh as thoso of magis tratoB, aftorwnrdp, an3 aro, in fact, very good follows, and tho most cultivated part of country Booloty throughout thoir lives, whilo tho othors are trained OB a distinct olnsa from boyhood, vowed to colibaoy at their consecra- tion', indoctrinated with tho beauties i of nsoctioiein, .and taught to separate themselves from human interests and J líuman¡ lifo awl to buliovo sthat v ihoyi nra' mount <to ¡rule thpB0,n8 spiritual fathors.!, .By; 'dn easy junipi 590 gots'to tolling^-tlioso ritual-' istic -clergy thabLtbey bad bettor give up .pl^ctyfpg at pnosjs^and that, for all_tlipso_mys-^ terious powers and gifts wbioh priests bavo oliihiod up and down tbo world, why, tho.Josa, said "alioùt tbom tlio botter in tb i s connection. Tit fact,' tho noble and profuso parson dearly stiows that, for.thia:part, bo has no oonscious-, ness of poBaeasiug any such powers and gifts 'at all, and doean't the least beliovo in them. Whereupon, tho ^bishop .conies, down,.on.bis outspoken parson with a sovoro apostolio rebuke. Ho writes, and prints in tho Guardian, a, lettor to 600, denouncing', bis view as un-] ! generous, undutiful, iriaoqurate,. and very un- worthy of ono who has promised to maintain and set forward, as much as lieth in bim'; quietness, peaco, and love among all Christian people. Verily thesq . aro strong . words for , ". a,,. bishop, : > and tho episcopal mind must bavo boon deeply moved- before -inditing them; The bishop: goes on solqmnly'to protost that tho clergy, of tbo Oliurcbi bf England. " have committed to thom the samo powers which-tho priests of tho refit of tho Catholic Church both in tho East 'and Weat bavo eyer 'claimed as their inbprit anco." Thé deuco they-do ! Ono is tempted :tq exclaim : This is amargo order witha von' goanco, and put in such vaguo terms,that there ia, really no knowing wkat tho-, bishopi is seriously standing >up for.. Does he mean that ho claims for our clergy power to forgive sinsfto mediato botwoon God and man in the , sense in which Romish priests profess to, hold it,' or what are tho mysterious pdw'era conferred by tho imposition of itt'bishop'a bands* whon donojinto plain English ? It would be satisfac- tory, if we ooUld got them sot out by such high'* authority, and then tho sooner tboy aro once: again unmistakably dealt with by tho long Buffering British peoplo tho .bettor. Novombor 10.-Thu3 ¡far ,1 got last light; and-this morning's Times ' brings S; Gi O. 'B roply to tho bishop, a most: oharaoteristio ono, thoroughly aoceptlafg tho Jay .view pf. the Church of England, but failing, I think, as an answer - in - ono -respect, - th at tho wri tor-is obviously utterly inoapdblo of < pu tting-bim--; self in-the plnco of the ritualists sufficiently* tounderatand thom. Ono phra'só in his'fovnnor .lettor, lucky in.hia-profession, soomstobave stung the.bishop specially, and S.G.- O. now explains deliciously: "A child and a dog"1 ho writes,' " ;may;both\fall; out'of "a window,.tho, dog] on ástobé, abd .'.Tba killed; tbo child, on a] flower-bed, and escapo unhurt. I should call tho qhild luoky.- If a man, who would have -been' abiahqp) ' dies a ' rootor, .becàusé!''Eàrl .Russellgoes ddt of1 officio) I"hold him wi' bo a .reetor-out..of Juok ;. if.a-Consorvativo reotór is made ¡ a bishop .by /Lord < .Derby, I'; should - call- himp and I .think, howou'd proclaimi him- self, very fortunato. But I do think it'wiso ¿to! avoid0tho [frequent,reference. of( ordinary ;evbntà",to i,thq\ direct.interposition of Provi-, dence*." Ono would give a tri flo tohavo been' (able'to watch:tbofaees of ¡tito Bishop of Salis 'bury,, and ; other r roligiqusj persons, while they were porúsing this deolaration of . faith. : . '? , 'A most astounding oeremony took placo at .tho fuHcral of Davies; tho Queen's huntsman; of| whom ! wrote lately,1 which was attended by .Lord Colville, the Master of tho Royal Buck hound«, and many other noble and crack' sportsmen. Th o jr shot a favourite old hunter over tho grave, and then had.tho cars out .off. and.buriod on Davics's coffin.. I.-con- fess whon,I road the announcement I rubbed my oyesy and looked twice to seo "wbethor I. was. reading one of Fennimoro Coopor's novels, or ray daily paper. I bavo no doubt your journal reaches ?' tbo Choctaws, and I would rosptctfully, oak any .Hard-heart or, -Hawk-eye,among them to. inform;:ihn Britisb peoplo whether tho meaning of this ceremony is,not that tho ghost of tho horse may hear tho volco of his old lord, and appear at his 'sido whon, hq wakes and wants a mount in tho happy hunting fields.1 ! The Oxford boys aro trying to rodee m tho old.charaoter of their alma mater for- blind Toryism, wbioh had been shaken' to its foun- dation in these last thirty years. They bavo ' voted, by a majority of thirty-seven-the division being 63 to 26-" that in tho opinion of this House, Mr. Bright isa reproaoh to the .country which gave him birth " 'If that wore tho House's opinion, it is a great pity, they didn't koop it to themselves. Tho worst of, tho matter is, that there doesn't soom to bavo beon ono good radical youngster m the Unicn, for not ono of the amendments moved wont further than a cautious admiration of Mr. Bright's talents, and regret that bo should hiivo given his support to " a misobiovous party," meaning^ I suppose' tho Reform League ¡Now, in my time, ! Oxford WOB ia Tory plaoe certaiuly, and so long as it is necessarily filled by tho sons of, tho aria-, toorooy and plutocracy, so it will continue,' But wo always had a small and vigorous sprinkling of red republicans and domoornts, who would bavo fought suoh a battle for Bright, and proposed such amendments as would have moro than compensated for tho moro majority. Tho Union must bo ata very low obb, I fear. Tho sensation this wook hero has boon tho Îiublication of Mr. Seward's dospatcb to Sir broderick L'ruce on tho subject, of tho . two wrotohed , mop,,, Lynch and . McMahon, who aro lying under aontcnoo of , doath at Toronto. I rogret to say that tho impression it* has made in Eng- land is one wbioh all frionds to both oountries dust deeply, rogrot; i . It is rogardod as a dis . tinct throat, and a threat convoyed in an in- sulting and snobbish form, to sorvo the poli- tical onda of tho wri tor, and pander to tho bombastic instincts of your mob. 'A modorato and, "liberal' paper, such aa tho Pall Mall Garotte, interpreta it thus] : Wo will enjoy tho plonsuro of dictating toi you and giving you ord ors till it Butts our convenience to take possession of your dominions. You aro only tonants'on suficranoo, and wo will makó you fool it." . This Ja th'oir irondèring of tho despatch, and I own I agroo witbit. . Whon a Soorotary of Sta'.o porinits himself to writo, " Good relations aro always difficult and doll cnto in States that airo adjacent'io each otbor without being separated by impaainblo bound- aries." Having regard to tho oiraumBtanoea of tho caso in Canada, ono can only conoludo that ho moana bullying, Wo all know, as well as you, that tho wbolo of our North American possessions on tho main laud may bo overrun ninny timo long boforo wo oould throw any force into tho country ,which ¡ could .moko bead against your , armies.; .Wo aro also sen- sitively »livo to tho foot that tho time of the ijfoar lias just arrived when ífc.isíyirtually ira 'possible ror us to do nnytbiug: fpr\ Canada, however pressing tho need <jrHay-hoi and.under these conditions wo appreciate. higMy. the,tasto .of.your.Secre tory's.despatoh.-Ioni-very-sorry. for it, I own. Notwithstanding tnuoh that has seemed Jp mo.protty,. and uuworthy oLa.man called to tho fron* of a freo nation in suoh a 'crisis as yours, I have always tried, to keep up tho respect whioh ,! acquired for Mr. Seward when reading tho'debates on Kansas questions years'd^ol* The5 dastardly attempt'on his life associated as it was with'the martyrdom ofyour grand old-President, rcvivod ~< those early feel- ings strongly, and it is with considerable re grot that 1 am obliged; to'throw thom over- board. If his 'dospatohlmeans nothing for us on this sido, and is intended for home oonsump tion, and as a bid for tho Irish voto, it might h a vf boon done at any rato in far bettor tasto. : 'Tho Jaraaioa .Committee havo,during the past week, givori publié .notice' that they have instructed thoir'solicitors to proceed'with tho 1 indictment against ,^In -Eyro for tho wilful murder of Gordon-lhatj. being, iri the opinion of counsol, tho .pnly i form , in which; tho pro- ceedings will lio. Of course tho ohanoo of a conviction; is"far'leSs "under""^ these circum- stances than if beabula have boon arraigned for " illegally putting to death,", or, in faot, if any mildor « form could ? have -boon hit upon. That the acts committed amount to wilful murder, technically1-' speaking, ' few ' lawyers here doubt ; but it is almost out of tho ques- tion to.expeot\tCrfind a special jury-who will' faco tho verdiot ofguilty oh" this.account in such a case. A.n. ^ordinary'; mancan, scarcely mastortho dootrinó;;,of pur'.'criminal law, that whore tho act has.been illcgaltho question of motive is .not.ono whioh ia to bo taken into 1 consideration on- tho 'main1 qúe'st'ibn'óf guilty or| nbt'gútlty,';th0ügh 'it may well bo used in mitigation of ponai ty.':. .V . i 