IDOLS OF CLAY.* The narrative first introduces the reader to the young Marquis of Windermere, "his lady mother" just deceased, and her "humbhle companion and un acknowledged cousin," Stella Thornhill. The young marquias is " weeping in his lone chamber." Stella is watching the dead with a velvet ribbon, " wider thtal that generally worn, around her loo g white Ih'root." 'This ribbon she oblicinacl unfastens at page 6, and discloses "the disolosred sear of a deep gash." ot which she then gives the lhistory insa soliloquy. Some years before, it aplpears, Miss T"lhor,,lill had fallen in love witllh the young snarqis, nod, incitsd thereto hu the scorn of hlr patroness, had gosc mad and tried to kill herself The nmarquis's tutor, who was in lore with hier, snatched away the knife only just in tine. and, being found with it in his hand, was tried and transported on the charge of attemptiing to murder her--Stolla, restored, we presumne, to her senses h. lose of blood, holding Iher tongue, lest she should be sent away from tihe hiouse that contained the marquis; tiac tutor magnanimously holding his, lest Stella should be consigned to a madhouse. Her soliloquy over Stella proereds to sanloek a case in which "embedded in satin was thie marclioness's belored coronet, that one she hlad always worn on Statle ooceasons in tile tHonse of Lords"-of lwhictl, no daoubt from her mas culine disposition, she had apparently been a nemoher -"and hy its side the velvet and ermine cloak." Mis Thlornhill puts the coronet on hier head, thel maitle on hier shoulders, and conceala the scar with a necklaee of the Windermere diamonds. Then, "sud desly recollecting herself," she remarks, " Fool that I am to waste the time, that is Destiny, in folly like this !" and immediately purloins a letter from lher mistre's's desk which enjoins the marquis to marry no one but " Belinda, the beautiful daughter of the Earl of Belmont." Just as shle Ilas seized tie letter she reconises "the fare of the young tutor, Lawrene Linden," who has "fravere,'d more than three thou sand mtiles of land and sea" to inform Stella that "in the Land of Promise, niot far fromn fair Sidney, Queen of tihe South. a I apppy ihome awaits her, and flocks and fields, oad liberty, and love unutterable." fut this desirable prospect of emigration has no charms for Stella. She prefera the chance of the marquis, and secordinely dismisses Mr. Linden, who retires withl the thrilling observation, "I go! yes, woman of tlhe spaniel-nature, the brazen brow, the granite heart, I go !" and learves Stella to buns the letter in peace. This is not bad for a first chapter. The second takes us into an equally aristorenatie mansion, in the "spacious and antique hall" of whihl the Earl of Belmont and the Lady Belinda de la Tour are found at breakfast. The Ladv Belinda is but eighteen, but she already secretlyengaaed. While on the Continent with hier father seis has been muchl thrown with hier second cousin Herbert de la Tour, "one of the hand somest and most captivating of modern Sybarites," who. owing to diffeulties with his creditors, has "sold out of the Guards, and left the salons of Belgravia and Mayfair, and thie clubs of St. James's." By him Belinda ihas been persnaded to "allow a gold armlet of great value to be soldered on her arm by a Venetian goldsmith." The engagement of whilch tlhis is a token is to be kept secret until, at twenty-one, Lady Belinda comes into her mother's property. On this particular morning, "after the Earl had eom pleted a very hearty breakfast, and Lady Belinda a very slender repast," both falheranddaughtler receive importantletters. On reading his elo Earl groans, swoons. slsudders, opens his eyes, swoons seain, and ultimately walks up and down the hall, obligingly murmuring the detaoils of hIis misfortune for the general ear. Ajoant-stork bank of which lhe is a director has broken, and the Earl is ruined. In the midst of this d,,spair, hiowerer, and while "tightly clasping hIis thin lends on his bald head," hie remembers that the Moarquis of Windermere has shown symptomsof being in love wilh his daughlter, and that they are engagedl to lnneh with him that very da--a tliought which draws from the " pale ariatoerrat" the lordly enpree sian, "Riclhard'e hii" self again!" Meanwhile l,,dy Belinda has been eoncealine a letter from her ,lover. Fortsonately their corresslondenee has been only occa sional, or it must lhave involved eonsiderahle ineon venienoe, since else is unable to read hIis letters "in any commonplare room or ordinary situation." but. only "by the wild ses, in the deep woods, onthe lonely psrple moors." Tn the present instance site has a wood handy, and thither she hurries. As nshe tears open the letter, somnothing drops out of it. " Angel of mercy l it is a ring of her hoar, with a little sapplsire forget-mesnot and two emerald leaves." Turquoise might hare been nearer the colour of the forget-mc-not, but then tnrqsoise is a pleheinn alone. 'lTis chaste arlicle of jewellery she ihad civetl to Herbert de la Tosr, and its return is explined by the letter. The "silkesSybarite" haspreferredapr ,s'ent appointment in Indin, ollered hlim by Lord Belsnont, to the prospect of a marriage with Belinda. Just sat tihe heels of tlhis desertion conmesr an oefir frota the Marquis, and Belinda con'ents to become the mistress of " his anrestrial hall of Windermere. his mansion in Park Lane, his villa at Twickenham, and his castle in Wales." Space would fail us if we were to travel thus slowly tihroughi the history of this interesting and well- hous.d pair; we shall therefore go at once to the third volume, regardless of thie many beauties, quite worthy to mateh with those already etrearted, which mutst he psed over on the wvay. When we resume thie story. Belinda is nderstooad to be dead. andStella Thornhill ias succeeded in bringing the mnarquis to the brink of seeo d mnteimony. He has heen a dirlult loaer to smanaee, fromnt a habit of stealing away just when Stella ihas almnost extnycted a proltosal, and also frmn a trihk of seeing his dead wife on haleonies, bridges, and sneh like clares. Biat by forging sundry letters, from which it appears that her intimacy with him has been fatal to her reputation. St.ella ihas triiumphed, and they are to be privately ma;rried at a little country chlurch near Dover. Stella has made the most of Iherself for tlhe erremony. "An orange wreathb of rare boanty set off her esesaty hut glossy black hair," to which "an abundance of hows and ringlets, false as their wearer, gave an apnearance of youthful nedundaney;" while "all the roundness nature hiad denicd to her fieare had been adroitly slpplied by'art." The marriage service is then quoted at great length. Lord Winder I more linas murmured "something faint and weary," Swhich passed current as the orthodox "lscill," and Stella has given the corresponding answer with prade and triumps "conrentrated in the clear steady voice." whien the air is rent by a wild shriek, "and thle words ' ?N'o, no, no! In the name of every law, human and divine, I forbid this manrriage,'" cause the bridegroom, not unnnturally, to dron the bride's hand, even at the cost of dropnine also theI wedding ring. Then "ar rayed in bridal white, wreathed and veiled as on her weddi'g-day, Belinda Marehioiess of Winderomero eame proodly forthl." The woIld-hbe serond wife is equal to the ncaspion. "Proceed with the ceremonoy, rererend sir," said SteIla, adding insa low voice, "It is his late wife's ghost." The elereymsn, perhaps from not being accustomed to ghosts at weddings, declines to comply; and thie consequent pause is filled up by a relation of Belinda's adventures from the mouthll of tir maid. The marqois waits till tSlis is eoncluded, and then "suddenly storting to life fron thle marble to whalel he had been turned by amazement," throws himself on his knees before Belinda, and " pours out his rapture at hler miraculous restoration to love and him." Of course there is nothing really mirneilous ahont it. Lady Windermere had only seemed to he dead, and a body-snatchler who cute her arm in trying to get off her bracelet. is the means ofrestoring her. An equally lnppy elloration of cireumstanees disposes of the body-sna?teler as soon as the use for him is over, and brings Lady Windernmere's favourite maid into the vault just as hier mistre's awakles from her trance. Jealousy of Stella isdusces Belinda to keep lher rcoverry a secret. By-ands-hye site fisds out that her suspi cious ire nnfounded, but by this timea her hlnaband has gone abroad, asd, as we have sween, alo only sue coeds in catlchine him when hie hlas unonseiouasly al most coenmitted higamy. Stella's firset loer, Law rence Linden, as mighlt be expectled, plays his part in these adventures. He has come hack Irom Asilrhlia with a fortsne, and bought a house near Winderrmer? Abbey. It is scarcely needfnl to say that Fairlands P'ark'communicates hy subterranean piasages withl the Abbey, with Belmont Castle, and witll the rvaults under the pnrish lchurch. Linden is the only person who knows the ereret of this conmmuniation, but, when lie isaparts it to Slelln, Lady Windermere's maid is Ileckily listenine, and so is able to make lher way into the wnslts. After thlis resurrertion justice is hltodsomely dealt out to all parties. Idols of Cfoy ends witt, a lchristening. "The newlv-madeChrintian was a noble little cherub tlrer months old, atnd tihe hleir of the conjoint Ihouses of Windermere and Bel mnnt." Stelln, who hlas been living in seelusion at. Fairlands, waiting for the return of the Winderncere~s to the Abbey, now avails hersaelf of thle secret cnmmu nieation to make her way to Belinda's room. With "the fierce glenm of insane revenge in her light eye," shie steals " like a dark spirit of evil and of doom 'Idolh of Cla. A Novela. y tdra. Giordn Smythles. 3 'oal. I1ll aon: Souanders, Ofley, nod Ca. 1acr. throtllh the euhterranean pasaae." Nothing hout the •onseiousness that at page 305 of the third volule there is not time left for anything very harrowing moild enable the ettranled rnader to turn the leaf. When he does so, hlie is relieved to find thlat the ever atelhful maid has only that very day had lthe secret iliding-panel whi.h admtnits to her mistress's room :ecrly nailed up. Stella tries in vain to flFect an entrance, misses her footing in hlier despair, folls downt , flight of steps, breaks hlier bak. and ia thereupon eaten by rats. Linden hinars of hlier disapltearunce from Fairlaids, tid coteaa back to find hler body antid to die shortly after himself. So that ,everhbidy is satifacelorily provided for. After Ihe glimipsee we havoe given of Idol" of Cloy, any recommendation of ours would hlie out of place. We have dealt oily nith three chapters oat of as many volumcs. II ilie renderr is not satisfied with thie soample, hlie call get the whale for himself..-Satourda Reniew. 