? xfsjr «smaiu^vtaoia, ' CHAPTER LXXXVII. J« «B8. GOBDONSBSTBtES, L: ^ Author of" Our Muy,"."The Womka^n Bliisi;" eta. etc. l^oBsSOBEUoCHThurnedthroughtheahrub. beries, and across the parterre and the lawn, 'to the glato'dbor-of his'study. -Re entered this; room, to whioh^no one buthimselfandtheeemntwhoxleauedithad access. • .-.- He threw himself, into tnarm-cbahyhelped himself to a large glass of brandy on the table "nearhim,1ieaved»<leep sigh ^freliaf, stirred the £re,spread his lurge hands out to warm them, carefully dnedjwie ^amp soles of his boots, and said ttf himself— 1 " So the wttest i's now over. As soon as possible I shall get Jessica away from this place. I think I can then—she being quite convinced that Tam at las't a widower—work on her pity, her gratitude, her tender and flevoted recollection of her father, her secret and long-repressed admiration of my person, and affection for myself, and induce her to consent to an immediate marriage by special license- I do not think that Lady Rosemount, loving me still, as she evidently does, will ever reveal her existence, and thus convict meof bigamy j but even if she'does, I shall) by that time, have bleared off all my debts with Jessica's fortune, and I shall ho longer be madly in" love,'as I am now, with the bewitohing brunette herself. I never yet met with any beauty who could keep mo constant. _ I am easily won; but 1 the way -to keep him' is a lesson the sex has to learo where I am concerned. Come, things look promising enough. That wild letter Lady Bosemount wrote mei, when I made her so madly jealous years ago about La Belle Blake, has come in very handy. . The postscript, however, which I thought such a olevcr bit of forgery, wasn't suoha master-piece after all. I saw that fool, Arthur, looked rather bard at it; but in tho face of that jealous letter, and the appearance of the wet shawl, slipper, and pocket-handkerchief belonging to Lady Bosemount by the water-side, any suspicion that may have crossed his mind must have been silenced at once. I suppose Lady Theresa will make a tremendous fuss whon she hears of this 'determined suicide in high life." However, be it as it may, my case is now so desperate, Jessica's fortune is my only hope, my only ohance; and let tho worst come to-the worst, if I can but get her to agree, I will marry her even should Lady Bosemount prove moro tenacious of lier owu position, and tender of my interest and my obaracter than I think possible. I can easily make out that I believed her dead, and no punishment can be enforced on a peer of the realm for the bigamy so unintentional and so innocent as mine would then appear. I must now reveal to Jcssica this 4 terrible and determined act of selfdestruction on the part of the Countess of Iloseinount—an act which has shed a dense gloom over the whole county, and thrown all the families of the Hauton, Bosherville, Castletou, Mundale, and Moorcastle, into deep mourning'—that is about the way in which tie papers will speak of it. Thank heaven, Dartmoor is, I hope, by this time at the Antipodes. I want him safe out of the way till Jcssica is mine, and then I don't care whether he escapes from his ship or not. Jessica thinks him faithless, and under that impression, which I will take care to confirm, her woman's pique will make her agree to marry me." As Lord Bosemount thus conferred with his own evil spirit and very wicked heart, " a loud and exceeding bitter cry," a woman's cry, followed by a heavy fall in the rooui above, startled even this inan of the granite heart and brazen bead out of his fiend-likeeelf-possession. The cry came from the very heart of Lady Theresa, when Sir Arthur began to break to her the dreadful surmises afloat as to her mother's fate. The cry was followed by a swoon, in which the hapless and devoted daughter fell senseless on the floor. It was in vain that, when she came to herself,her husband tried to comfort her by a suggestion that there might be some iniquitous deception, some diabolical wickedness of Lord ltoscmount's at the bottom of this supposed suicide. He could not deny that the letter he had seen was in Lady Rosemount'e owu beautiful and unmistakable hand; nor yet that the shawl, the hat, the slipper, and the handkerchief were the countess's. " Oh, no wonder," she cried, frantically, " no wonder my darling mother's mind gave way uuder the accumulated misery and horror of her terrible position. Hiding for her poor life in a wretched underground bole, assailed by every terror—perhaps half-starved. Oh, Arthur, we are much to blame; we ought to have taken my angel mother, in the broad daylight, from that living tomb, have driven with her away from tbo Priory before my ftither's very eyes, and have told him that hencofortb although he had driven lier own and only son from her side, she had a protector who would shed his blood in her defence —ber daughter's husband." "Theresa," Sir Arthur replied, "I pro> posed, I tried hard to urge upon your poor mother the very line of conduct you allude to, but she would not hear of it. She said, 4 No, after bearing all in silonce for three and twenty years, rati)or than bring disgrace,«on him I once adored, and still lovo too well, I will endure on to the end; all I wish is to live in strict-seclusion, aud a rigid iqpopinito, somewhere whore I may occasionally see my Theresa; and I feel certain that my only chance of saving my misorable remnant of existence is in hiding away somewhere iu impenetrable obscurity, and never letting Bosemount Eec my face or hear my namo again. Not for worlds would I confront, or brave, or defy him l' After that, Theresa what could I do?" " Oh, we ought to have insisted; we ought (o have compelled that angel not to sacrifico herself to her romantic, overstrained notion of a wife's duty 1 I can never, never, forgive mysolf, Arthur, and my life hcnocforth will bo one long remorse." Griof brought on grave bodily illness wilh Lady Theresa Waldegravc, aod for more than three weeks she lay delirious, nnd in all the agony of brain fever at the Priory. Meanwhile the river had been dragged, and every possible measure. taken to find the body. Lord JKosemouat hag succeeded io remov- ing Jessica from the Priory; She w^yeiy imwilliog to gd while Lady Theresa wasin such danger; Jrat Lady Theresa, whQi'U her £evere3ftadi^xeitod state, jealonsj/ jRnd tl& umoaent &ause; of this tragedyjlwould not Bu&rljerto;'approaoh her bedside. . '•=••••• r . . . In her dclirium, Lady Theresa , accused Jessica of: having, by: hor falsehoods and coquetry, deprived her of her brother and tier mother. .........,-,. " She aims at theJElosemount ooronet, the false-hearted girl," poor Theresa wildly oriefc sitting, up in her bed, and looking; with ter wild, large* dry eyes, her long, dishevelled hair, and flashed cbeelra; 1 like ian avenging angel. "Lot her- marry my father! I' wish no more terrible punishment ; there oan beiio more just retribution for her! Oh! mother in heaven (for the Father will forgive- the rash act committed in the frenzy of unbearable misery), mother in heavenl let this creature but marry my father, and yoa will be indeed avenged!" These wild ravings of Lady Theresa's diseased brain reached tho cars of Jessioa and Lord Bosemount, as they stood on the threshold of the sufferer's room. "My dear girl," Lord Bosemount exclaimed, druwing Jessica's arm within his, and leading her to the door of her own room, " this is no longer a fit abode for you. It is true that Theresa is delirious, and knows not what she says; but had she not long been cherishing in secret tbese unjust suspicions, and these groundless doubts of your virtue and truth, she would not now in her delirium thus outrage and wrong you. Let your maid pack up her things at once. I shall'remove you from the Priory this very day, my sweet Jessica. Dry your tears. I cannot tell you how much I grieve to think that your true affection for me should have exposed you to any ill will or misconstruction from those who ought to love and cherish you all the more for the very tenderness which has excited so much ill will. Don't weep, my darling Jes3ica; remember there is one heart entirely devoted to you, one friend on whose constant affection you oan always rely." "Oh, but I loved Lady Boaemount veiy dearly," eaid Jessica, "and I can never cease to weep when I think of her temble fete: and if I believed that I were in any way the cause of that hideous catastrophe, I would hide myself away from every human eye, and no one should ever see or hear of me more!" " Ah, you could never hide yourself so that I could not find you, my dear girl. But, at any rate, in Theresa's present state, it is worse than useless for you to stay here. Lady Barbara and Jack "Franks are, I believe, now at Dover. We will join them there. Barbara is not so brilliant and fascmating as Theresa ; but she is a thousand timeTmore sensible and steady. Barbara is a m uch better friend than Theresa. And now tell your maid to pack up your tilings as soon as possible. I will order the carriage to drive us to the station. Come, no more tears, Jessica, you know how much I despise and detest tears. I shall expect you to be ready in a couple of hours." JesBica, as soon as her guardian had left the room, gave free vent to her deep distress, and then she dried her tears, and summoning her moid, resolutely and adroitly assisted her to pack up her things. Lord Bosemount was obliged to leave Lady Theresa and Sir Arthur at the Priory. The former continued too ill to be removed, and as the earlWUB all impatience to carry on his own romantic drama, he left his daughter and his son-in-law in possession of the Priory. He had been gone about a week, and Sir Arthur had persuaded Lady Theresa to quit her bed and lie on the sofa in the dressingroom, when on going to the window which looked on the road, he beheld old Tomkinson standing on a high bank opposite, and making signs aud signals to attract bis attention. Sir Arthur, making some excuse to his wife for leaving her for a few minutes, rushed down stairs, and joining the old butler, turned with him into a thick plantation of Scotch firs. The old man was evidently much excited, and it seemed to Sir Arthur very pleasurably 60. v * Suddenly Tomkinson took from his breast, pockei a letter, and handed it to Sir Arthur, who, with delight and surprise, recognised the handwriting of Lady Bosemount on the envelope, addressed to " Mv. lomMnson, Beach Farm, near Dmvaich, Suffolk." This letter, and tho envelope, were on foreign paper; hut the postmark was London, aud the postage-stamp au English one. Inside the envelope were a few words to Tomkinson, begging him to convey the enclosure will all convenient speed and secresy to Lady Theresa Waldegrave. " Ob, Sir Arthur, said the poor old ex- butler, while tears streamed down his cheeks, " I never could make it out. I always thought there must be some underhand work, some foul play at the bottom of it, some bad doings hatched up between old Goshawk and one as shall be nameless. I always said to myself, tain't likely that the best and most God- fearing lady as ever stepped, would go for to throw away her own precious life, and break poor dear Theresa's heart—for the poor dear would never have held up her head again, if her ma had done such a sinful thing —she'd soon have followed her, she would; she wouldn't live long if her blessed mother, whom she loved with all ber heart and soul, had made away with herself." As the garrulous old man said this, Sir Arthur grew very pale, and his brows contracted. He felt very jealous of his wife's intense love for her mother. He could not bear to think that hi6 love oould not have consoled her, oven under such a trial. " I will take Lady Theresa her mother's 4 letter," he said to Tomkinson. 4 1 have no doubt it will do her moro good than all the doctor's medicines, and all my nursing." 4 1 Ah, that it will, sir. To my iniud, there's no lovo like that between a mother and her child, when they'vo long been all the world to each other, like my lady and Lady Theresa for Lady Barbara's a fine young lady, and I don't want to say a word against her; but she hadn't that tender heart, and that feeling for hor ma that Lady Theresa had j and as I said afore, if anythink like what was made out had happened to my dear blessed, lady, Theresa would never have smiled again, and wouldn't have been very long for thiB world, and uiee-a wersar " Very abruptly Sir Arthur Tushedfrom the presence of tho old man, aud, repairing to the darkened chamber, where Lady Theresa lay wcepiDg OD hor bed, ho gently broke to her the astounding intelligence that her mother still lired, land that he held in his hand a letter firarn that idolized parent. Xntirtfy engvMseii by the enchanting thought tMt her' inother ^as safe, Theresa didyjiot <|perceHrp5 the smogldering^fire, the" dgSPy pwor,|itid the <K>nt^bted brow, which,/ inllerhiubandi always announced the pre-' sencevof his god-spirit, jealousy. "6he difl not miss hiin *heo, at night, he stroll^ out into'the park, for her animation, her j6y, her over-flowing spirits, were to him unbearable. ~ He'knew that he had no share in ber raptnreSf'ahd he hated to-see her oyes so bright, and to-hear her voice «o glad. • : u Whydo I love so madly, so entirely?" he eried, ae| he plunged into the dark woods, and hnrriai downsto the wild sea beach,, to watoh the' waves"break^'.themselyea to pieccs on the rocks/as him his heart was dbibg on a niarbrehrfeast. He wandered on.'on^n, and was glad to hear the wind howl,' and 'to see the waves toss and foam'as it swept'over them. How long he remained watching the wild sea, he knew hot, until he stood near a village, and heard a church clock strike two. The sound roused him to the consciousness that, perhaps Theresa would be alarmed at his absence. He hurried back, and after half an hour's quiok walking, he found himself on the outskirts of the Priory Park. Suddenly he came upon a wild patch of heath, : and close to'a dark deep pond, overhung by trees, and which he glanced at with a shudder; for he remembered it was the Bcene of poor Amabel Blake's tragic end. As he gazed at the spot, which had for him the sort of fascination which scenes of horror have for us all, he saw a white form moving through the dark fir-trees to the water's edge. Sir Arthur's heart beat quick. He was no believer in ghosts; but yet he grew cold and white. " I will know what it is," he said to himself, and with a strong effort of mind and body he walked up to the dark pool. The white figure was that of Lord Rouemount, in a state of somnambulism. He was saying— 4 4 Hide thy shame for ever under thesis -dark waters, Amabel Blake. Nay, if you try to rise, I will hold you down. Where is your boasted love? If you would not gladly die to save me from evil tongues and Lady Bosemount's jealousy, down, down, down, I say. What! you will struggle? In vain. There—you're happy now. And Jessica shall think that Dar£moordrove you to this Lethe." Slowly Lord Bosemountturued, and walked back to the Priory. He had arrived secretly, and suddenly, during the night, to ascertain from old Goshawk if any news of Lady Bosemount had arrived, and what were Sir Arthur and Theresa's plans. " Vile murderer," said Sir Arthur to bim- 4 ,self. How strange it is that tby evil spirit is doomed to reveal during thy somnambulism the crimes thou hast committed in thy waking hours. Wert tbou not my father-in-law, 1 would denounce thee, murderer." (To be continued.) 