J BoansevelL Esq., be referred to a Select Com ^tteeMidUiSthey be directed to report their S» whither J . Boarwwft &q..; has vacated nk.eatbrreasor^f the said agreement' . Mr EUUNSKVELU as he was in possession of the liouse, supposed he should be expected to say a few words; but he regretted he bid moved the adjournment of the debate, seeing the motion re ferred so directly to himself, for there was do doubt the motion did refer to John Eounsevell, and not tii contractors in general. lie would just glance at the remarks of hon. members and the docu ments referred to, and then sit down, leaving the J louse to come to its decision on the motion, by which he was sure they would tied me to refer the question to a Select Committee, or to any further consideration. The lion. Mr. Straneways on Friday last referred to the contract (paraprapU N o. 35). but he did so in a very no Ta£ mum?. H he had taken the clauses of that contract as they appeared, he would have Been that his arguments were totally unfounded and his law was erroneous. (Laughter.) That contract started by stating that the agreement was between the Commissioner of Public Works and the contractor to Sm on a specific work for a certain tune, and that that time could not be lengthened or shortened either by the Commissioner or by the contractor. (Hear and No.) The original motion passed by the House on the subject stated that the appointment of Anent for the Commissioner of Kailways was an offiee of profit An office of pruOt, he appre hended, must exUt through appointment, ana was it to be supposed that an appointment from the ' Government would contain any such clause as No. 1 providing that the person should have the free use of the Goods Stations on the lines of railway, even independent of the Commissioner himself? Clause 2 went on to state the nature and the quantity of the work to be performed. Clause ?», which he would read, was— 'The said John Kounsevell shall properly shunt all the trucks loaded by him under the provisions aforesaid, or auy of them, and shall repay, moke good to, and indemnify the said Commissioner of Railways against any loss, damage, charges, and expenses from improper shunting to which the said Com missions* of Railways may in any . manner be subject by reason of any damage arising to such trucks, or to any such goods, after the same shall have been collected or received by the said John liounsevell, and until the same shall have been duly delivered as hereinbefore provided— unless such damage as last aforesaid shall have been occasioned by any accident on the railway by lire, or by breaking down, or collision, while the trucks contaiuing the said goods are attached to the eivine, or unless such damage shall hare Iweu occasioned by accident in any station by reason of fire, unless such fire shall happen through the negligence of the saul John Itounsevell or his servauts. lnat also was a clause not likely to liave been inserted in an appointment by the Governmeat to an office of profit during pli-aauxe. It waa put there to protect not only the Government, but the public and their goods. Then clause 5 provided tliat the contractor should employ horses ana men for shunting. That cuald not be held m any manner to apply to an office of preht, hut to a teuder for public work in the supply of horse u-jwer and manual laliour, such as wa3 advertised every day of the week. Clause (J provided for the contractor finding all clerks labourers, and stationery, so that plainly it could not apply to an olliee of profit, Many others delincd the manner iu which the work waa to be done, and clause 11 set out 'That the said John Kounseveil shall take at the original cost, all books and stationery which may be on hand' The 17th clause, which was made particular use of by the hon. member Sir. Strangways, who had introduced the subject, provided for the contractor obeying all orders of Stotionruasters. All that was to enable the Statiomuaster to call upon the con tractor to send his horses and men in the event of the breaking-down of a train or enaine. That was the only way in which the coatractor had to obey the orders 'of the Government, ami while em ployed in that work his servants were to be subject to the same regulations as the other servants of the Commissioner »f ltailways. Then clause 13 pro vided that the contractor should nut engage in any business in eppoaition to the Government; and he would like to ask any hon. member it he ever knew a Government 19 appoint a person to an otfice. and then provide that he should not start in opposition to them. If he was appointed to an otiice of profit during plea sure that would be quite an unnecessary provi sion, as they could at any time prevent his op posing them by discharging him. Clause 19 indemnified the Commissioners against loss, and lie believed that had been misconstrued in every p»&iible; war. It merely provided that in the event of a break-down, or of there being a larger amount of work to be done at any particular station than the contractor could meet, the Commissioner should employ sufficient men to carry it out, and that the contractor should be charged with the cost, provision being marie against iu l«ing carried too far by the arbitration clause (No. 21). Clause 21 stated:— 'That in ine event of the neglect or inca pacity of the said John Kounseveil to perform and execute any of the work to be carried out and exe cuted unler this agreement, or in case the said John Itounsevell shall not curry out or perform and execute such works to the satisfaction of the said Commissioner of Railways, it sluill he 'awful for the said Commissioner of Kailwayx, iit the cost, charges, and expenses in all things of the said John ltouuseveli, to purchase, or hue and employ horses, carts, and other carriages, ami Ubour, to perform any of the works by the said J*hu Rounsevell agreed to be performed.' The lion. Mr. Ktrangwaya said tliat the Commissioner of Public Works by that had power to terminate the contract. The hon. member for Onka piringa (Mr. Townscnd) also Kaiil to- (clear, near)— but was there any man of common iense who would say that such was the case 1 (Hear.) It was absurd to put such a construction upon it. There was not a syllable in the whole contract which provided that the parties would back out of their agreement, and he defied any hou. member to show anything in it which would bear that construction. It had been said, too, that the Fpitsition was an office of profit during pleasure. It would have been better if those who said so would linit have looked at uaiiiM! it, which said:— 'This agreement shall continue for the term of three -eirs-, to Iw computed from the 2i)th diy of June, ISC.' Hut could not bear two constructions, and fur an hon. member to so; up and say that in spite of that theeontract couM l-e discontinued at any shorter time or continued for any longer time was altogether absurd. (Hear, hear.) He was not aware that iu any appointment to an office during pleasure* tenders were ever advertised for, and persons invited to state the price for which lliey would perform the duties, and to enter into a Iwiul of £!tt,l)-«). When addressing his constituent* he t Id them very distinctly he would never take an uppointmeut under Government, and he hope I hon. members would give him credit for feeling nuite beyond Government service altogether. The word agent wai only a self- invented title, and w-vs not used in the contract nor in the advertisement, the term there being contractor. The Act No. 11 of ISJ?, clause 3, conferred on the Commissioner of Rail ways the power of appointment and dismissal of all managers, clerks, and officers— 'Provided .that the salaries or rewards of all persons appointed and employed by such Commissioner under the authority of this Act shall Ihj annually voted by rarliair.ent.' He felt confident the Hon. Mr. Klrangwavs must now be aware that he (Mr. Hounsevell) was never appointed by the Commis sioner of Public Works, and he could defy him to point out that there was any salary annually voted by Parliament either for him or for hU employes. It ha 1 been stated that ths Parliament nad nower to p-eveut contractors Sitting OS meuiuera ui t auiuxucuu. **c \uu. I.'ounsevell) did not know where that power was; he had been unable to find it. Clause 17 of the Constitution Act provided, ' If any member of the said Parliament shall accept of any office of profit or pension from the Crown during pleasure, ex cepting those hereinafter required to be held by members of Parliament, his scat shall be there upon and is hereby declared vacant.' Some astute minds managed to cut the sentence into two branches, and read it thus:-' If any member of the said Parliament shall accept of any office of profit'— and they stopped there— 'hu seat shall thereupon and is hereby declared vacant.' That was the construction placed upon the clause; and would any one say that the hon. member Mr. Arthur Blyth if he accepted the office of a Bank Director, which was 'an office of profit,' was thereby excluded from the House? But if they read the sentence on it was ' an office of profit or pension from the Crown during pleasure.' Then it became complete; but it waa not complete nor applicable in any o'Jier form. Therefore he did not think that provision could in aav wav apply to the member whose case was now under discussion. It was further necessary, too, under the Constitution Act that when a vacancy occurred it should be reported by the Speaker, 'and that the cause of such vacancy should be reported. It was necessary for the pro tection of the Ilause. and for the protection of every member ef th« House, that the cause ihouM be a legal cause, and he defied any hon. member to point out any legal cause that would vacate his (Mr. Rounseveirs) seat. In the Imperial Parliament legislation had taken place to exclude persons holding offices of profit during pleasure and persuns holding pennons; but the action there taken did not exclude public contractors. He believed the framera of the Constitution Act of South Australia, when they left out any mention of public contractors, considered that having no aristocracy in the colony as there was in England, i( was necessary that the seats in Parliament should ba thrown open to persons who were carrying on business; and what greater proof of that could there be than to look around that House and see the representatives of nearly all tag principal trades} Would it either be right or just to exclude all persons who had any dealing with the Government, and if they were bo ex cluded would there be one-half the number of can didates seeking for legislative honours? The Hon. H. B. T. Strangways told them that this question contained many nice and complicated points of law. No doubt it did. but he also told them that he had deeply considered all those points of law, and he decided and settled them all Ust Thursday and Friday. If thai was the way he settled complicated points qf law he (Mr. Bounse veil) was very glad he was not a client of his, and perhaps it might account for hia having bo few. But it was yet an open question in the House of Commons whether contractors could sit there. (No.) They did sit there, and therefore it must be ap open question. He would remind the hon. member Mr. Strangwavs, iu his zeal for preserving the privileges of the House, to be careful not to infringe the privileges of the members. If a member could be ousted without proper cause, what safety would there be, and what opportunity for a corrupt Government to oust obnoxious members for the purpose of carrying out injurious legislation? It would be very unwise to oust a member without some very good reason, just be cause he was obnoxious. So far as he was con cerned, considering merely his own interests, he should have resigned long ago; but he had a duty to perform tn his constituents, which he should perform even at his own private loss, and he felt confident he should hold his seat there as long perhaps as several hon. gentlemen who wished to see him tnmed out. The hon. member Mr. Towmend last Friday nieht indulged in some high flown popsran port of language, that sounfled a good deal like 'Going, going, gone; and perhaps it would be well to protect the reporters and others in the galleries from the echo which might fly about He would remind that hon. member that it would not be well for him to force his high-flown moral principles too strongly on the House, and the other his well-known legal opinions. There was no doubt they knew how to use their powers in debate much more effectually than he was able to, but he did not think they would succeed in carrying out the intriguing scheme they had concocted for the purpose of °lSgHm W. MILNE said if he felt any doubt on thia subject he would be happy to vote for the motion ; but aa he had no doubt whatever he felt bound to oppose it He understood that this subject had been moved in on account of the onmsona of th« 17th clanse of the Constitution 1 Act Now there were two ingredients in that sec- j don with regard to offices under Government— the first wa3 that it most be an office [-f profit, and the next that it must be aeld during pleasure. Now it did not appear clear to him that the contract created an office of profit; for although he had no doubt it would turn out profitably, still it was not analogous to a position n the Government service with a salary attaching :o it, paid moaihly. With regard to the second joint, he had gone carefully through the agree nent and he could not see a single clause enabling ;he Government to annul the contract at any time, [llear; hear) It was a fixed contract for three rears, and during that period it could not be set iside. (No, and Hear, hear.) In clause 21 he Found that if the contractor neglected his duty ;he Commissioner, of Public Works might -mploy men and horses at his charge to perform this work; and in clanse W, that dis putes arising were to be referred to arbitration, tt was perfectly evident that it was not an office held during pleasure, and therefore did not come trithin the Act. He would not go into the ques tion whether or not it was desirable for con tractors to be excluded from Parliament aa that was not before them, although it was a fact that whenever they had attempted to amend the Con stitution Act a clause had been inserted in the (intending Bill providing for their exclusion, [dear, hear.) That showed that the feeling was against contractors sitting in Parliament, and that the matter was not prov.ded for at present. But the suggestion was whether ths hon. member Mr. Rounsevell hal vacated his seat, and lie was so firmly of opinion he had not that he should oppose the motion. The Hon. A. BLYTH thought in a case near to them as this was lion, members would agree with him that they could not do better than Mlow such an excellent example as that of the British Parlia ment, which even in ths case of Baron Rothschild, the circumstances of which were far wide of the provision, referred it to a Select Committee for them to report. The hon. member Mr. Rounsevell, in his adilress to the Home, was kind enough to allude to him in some affair which had nothing to do with hii position in the House, and whieb, therefore, he should not reply to. He did hope, however, that iu a question affecting the seats of hon. members the excellent and wise pre cedent of the House of Commons, of having it enquired into by a Select Commi tee, would be followed. There were a great many hon. members who had not taken the trouble to look up prece dents, which it would be the duty of the Com mittee to do. lie should give the Government hia support, and. in following such an excellent precedent, tie could not imagine what ground there could be for opposing such a course. Mr. R. I. STOW regretted that he was not in the House when the first motion on this subject was submitted by the Hon. Mr. Strangways, for he should have felt it his duty to oppose it. lie con sidered it of the utmost importance that in con sidering the position of members of the House they should l« guided strictly by the law as laid down in their written constitution— (Hear, hear) —and he agreed with the hon. member Mr. Rouu sevell in deprecating any attempt to imp jrt pro visions into the Constitution Act which did not exist there in order to get rid of an obnoxious member, or some one who by entering into a con tract with ihe Government had placed himself in a position which might be regarded ai injurious. It was their place to protect not only members of the House, but the electors who returned them, and also themselves; because any of them might be unpopular at some particular time. Following the rule which he had laid down, be had no doubt whatever in saying that the hon. member for Light was perfectly entitled to retain his seat, and a3 he wa3 anxious that uq question whatever should be thrown upen his right, he should oppose the motion for a reference of the contract to a Select Committee. All the Select Committees iu the world would not alter his opinion on the subject, or the opinion, he believed, of some other hon. members who hail dispassion ately considered the subject He abutted the position of the hon. member for Light to be an anomalous one as regarded the Government; but viewing the question in a strictly legal sense, his view as to the right of the hou. member to sit in the House could not be affected by any Select Committee. Besides, the whole of the matters were before them, and they were quite as competent to deal with the point 01 law involved as they would be after a Committee had reported. He had read the speeches of the Hou. Mr. Strangways, and had an ived at a totally contrary conclusion from that hon. member; and he wuulJ say with all respect to the members of the House and to Select Com mittees, he did not regard Select Committees a.% the best means of enquiring into questions either of fact or of law. In the first place they were pro posed generally by a person having a strong feeling on the matter, and in intimate communica tion with those who took an interest in the appointment qf it. Then they knew exactly the process by which the members were elected to it, how lists were prepared, and the Committee was packed. (No and a laugh.) Lists were handed round, and members in self-defence had to join with others to elect a certain Com mittee or else members with well - known views in opposition to the object sought to be attained would be appointed; so that he was justified in saving that a Select Committee, although the only tribunal available, iu many in stances was not the best tribunal to refer questions of law or fact to. lie c mid understand the object for which this motion bad been brought forward, namely, the anxiety which many hon. members felt, ami properly felt, to see that 111 member occupyingthc anomalous position the hon. memlier for Light occupied should continue to du si. His own belief was that the Constitution Aet should be altered to meet the case- (Hear, hear)-and he would suggest to the hop. member that having entered into a contract bringing him so intimately into connection witli the Commissioner of Public VVorks that it would be preferable for him tore^igu his seat; but still this \m not the mattci before the House. (Hear, hear ) He did not blame the Government, but he thought it would have been well if they had insisted on the lion, member's resigning when he took a contract which piaced him so entirely under ene of the Ministers— (Hear, hear) -and assumed a position in which he might be affected in a hundred ways by the Com missioner of Public Works without auy oppor tunity for complaint. (Hear, hear.) Uut the question was whether this was an office of profit or pension from the Crown held during pleasure; and iu the first place l:e would say that it was not an offi.-e. The hou. member for Light was not a servant of the Government any more than a mercantile agent employed to look after another person's affairs in his atsouc?, and to receive a remuneration for doing so, was the servant of that person. It was not an ot*e, but an employment, and they ought not to look at the mere wording when the term agent was used. An office was an incorporeal here ditament, but this was nothing more than a contract. Then came the question was the position held during during pleasure, and be had been sur prised at the reasons urged in favour of the affir mative of Uut question. The fact was the Govern ment, whatever their pleasuie might be, had no power to terminate the contract during the space uf three years. He noticed that the hon. member Mr. Townsend had got hold tf one word. (Mr. Townsend— 'No.') Well he thought he had one— (laughtei)— but he supposed he bad lost it, for certainly over and over again he hu4 heard him repeat the term 'satkioction.' This terra he found occurred in the 21st clause qf the agree ment, which authorized the Commissioner, in case of the neglect, or incapacity of the contractor to carry on the works— not to dismiss him or dis charge him, which wouii be to constitute tne position one neiu during pleasure, but to purchase carts aud horses and carry oil the works at the charge of the said contractor, and then came an arbitration clause for the protection of both parties, The hou. member Sir. Kounse veil bod veiy clearly and ful.y put his own case, and had been followed by the Hon. &ir.; Milne. The whole thing lay in the narrowest compass possible; and although there might be a difference of opinion as to whether there was an office created or not, he would ask whether any one with reasoning powers could say that au agreement continuing for three yean could be treated aa creating au office held during pleasure. K eterence had beeu made to the course taken by the present Chief Justice when a member of this House as to the holder of the office of Solicitoi-Ueneraj. No one could have a greater respect for the opinions of the Chief Justice as given from the judgment seat than he had; but he was n-H prepared to adopt every word uttered by Mr. Hanson in that House as a member of the Government or leader of the Opposition as a guide for himself in coming to a decision on auy particular point. He believed him to be entirely wrong in saying that the office of Solicitor-General with no salary at oil attaching to it was an office of profit under the Crown. In fact, it was a political move to weaken the Government which had just got into otiice; and if it were necessary to go further, he would say that so untenable did Mr. Hanson consider his position to be that he moved to defer the discus siou until after a motion of want of confidence had been debated, and as that was carried against the Government, he abandoned his motion, although had Mr. liagot really vacated his Beat by reason of his becoming Solicitor-General, his going out of office would not have had any effect in reseating him. It might also be seen how dangerous it was to take up a position of this sort, for three or four years afterwards the same question was raised with regard to Mr. Hanson himself- (Hear, hear) -for having sat 011 a Commission to which profit was attached, and the arguments applied tenfold more forcibly to him than they had dune to Mr. Bagot. He should Vote agaiast the motion, but still he thought in contracts of this magnitude that it would be well for the Government to moke it a condition that any member of Parliament should resign hU seat before his tender could be accepted. (Hear, hear.) The Hon. II. B. T. STEAKGWAYS did not know whether the hon. member Mr. Stow wished to have the same weight attached to his opinions as he had attached to those of Mr. Hanson as a political leader, but lie was certainly not prepared to say that the hon. member was wrong in his estimate of the value of the views of the Cliief Justice in the case of IU. Bagot. The lost speaker would probably have made very different remarks had he heard the whole of the debate. His belief was that he had not looked into the question at all as to whether the document before hon. members was a contract in auy shape or way. If it was valid it could only be entered into by the Commissioner of Public Works as Commssionerof Kailways, for, as he had before stated, there was no power given him by Act to enter into the con tract in any other way than as was specified under the original City and Port Kailway Act. The hon. member carefully avoided saying that the position held by the contractor was not an office, and went upon the provision in the Constitution Act requir ing thai the office should be during pleasure. Now, no oue would say that the 17th clause of the Constitution Act, read as printed, expressed the intention of the framers of that Act. The 'during pleasure'' only applied to offices of profit, and not of pension. It appeared that every member of the House agreed that the hon. member for Light ought to have vacated his seat, and there could be no two opinions on that subject No doubt he had satisfied himself to the contrary, and if that was to be regarded as a specimen of his high moral principle it was not such a one aa would be shared in by otntr members of the House or by persons outside. The hon. member maintained that he did not hold office under the Government by reason of his contract, but he was in fact as much a servant of the Commissioner as his Secretary Mr. Uutton— (No and Hear) -and must obey the Commissioner's orders in the same way. The Commissioner might prohibit hu going into the railway yards or his removing goods except during certain hours, and might make any regulations he thought fit as to the way the agreement should be earned out. As to the observations of the hon. member with regard to the law of the case, all he could say was that he had more reliance upon hia knowledge of horseflesh than of law. (Hear; hear.) One specimen of his legal knowledge waa contained in the statement that contractors were I not prevented from Bitting in the English Parlia ment— (No) -or that there were great doubts whether they cauld sit there or not Vn that sub- ? lect he would refer to *' May,' page3£ where it was ! stated that 'The Act 22 Geq. HL, a 4i declares ; that any person who shall, directly or indirectly, himself, or by any one in trust for him, undertake ! any contract with a Government department, shall be incapable of being elected, or of sitting or voting during the time he shall hold such contract, or any ?hare thereof, or any benefit or emolument arising from the fame;1' and the reason given-and he asked the hon. member's attention to it— was be cause 'Government contractors are disqualified from serving in Parliament, being supposed to be liable to the influence of their employers.' (Hear, hear.) And yet the hon. member said he was not to be subjected to the influence of the Commis sioner, who had it in his power to give what direc tions he thought fit to him. He should vote for the motion of the Treasurer, and he hoped that would not be made a reason by any hon. member for voting against it. (A laugh.) If the Committee should report that the hon. member for light had not vacated, he believed he would be able to con vince a majority of the House that the Commis sioner of Public Works should cancel the contract, and enter into a legal arrangement for carrying on the work. He did not blame the Government for committing the mistake of imagining they had power to enter into it. The first contract for the Port line waa entered into with Air. Fuller under the Act, and when a portion of the North line waa completed his contract was extended to it, and upon the expiration of such contract a new oue was entered into with Messrs. Hill & Co., without its being observed that there was no provision in the Act warranting such an agreement being entered into. As to whether it was during pleasure or not depended on the contract itself, and he believed that the Commissioner could terminate it when he thought proper. No ene had been more surprised than himself at his first motion on the subject being affirmed without debate and without a dissentient voice; but as it had been passed, the least the House could do was to appoint a Com mittee to see whether they were right in the con clusion they then arrived at, for the resolution could not now be cancelled. No doubt the hon. member for Light was not the first member of the House who had held Government contracts', for he believed there were others now io§the House who either by themselves or by their partners were in a similar position; but it was the first time that a contract of this sort had been so prominently brought under the notice of Parliament in con nection with the position of the contractor under it. It had been suggested that he wished to get rid of the hon. member Mr. Gounsevell personally, but he had no wish to get him removed any more than he hod to remove inauy other members. (A laugh.) And as to desiring to get rid of an obnoxious member there had been times when his position as well as that of the Hon. A. Blyth would have been endaugered could a motion have led to their being excluded from Parliament. (Hear, hear.) It had been but that the privileges of the House were the privileges of each member, and so they were; that the rights of each member should be carefully watched, so they ought; that the rights of each constituency should be respected, he admitted that; but the privileges and rights of all the members and all the constituencies should be guarded likewise, and it should not be permitted that a desirable course of action might be upset through the vote of a member who could be influenced by reason of having a contract of this kind. No member of the House since the com mencement of responsible government had ever before entered into an arrangement with the Government involving so large an amount of pecuniary interest as the hon. member Mr. Eoun sevell Iiad done, and therefore there had been no contract entered into bv a member before the sudden stoppage of which would entail so serious a personal loss as would the stoppage of that entered into by the hou. member upon him. He contended that the contractor was removable at any time by the Commissioner, and that was uot a right position for a member of that House to occupy. An unscrupulous Commissioner of Public Works might nuke use of the fact that he hod the power to entail a loss of some thousands of pounds on a member to influence his vote. The decision of this question by the Select Committee would settle the practice until further legislation was passed. It had been said that the introduction of a clause in every proposed amendment of the Constitution Act proxidiug for the exclusion of contractors from Parliament proved that there was no provi sion of the kind now ; but the tact was the clause was intended to settle doubt.--, the some way that Acts, colonial and imperial, had beeu passed to put an end to doubts raised with regard to the validity of laws without its being at all admitted that tho?e doubts had a real foundation. Mr, FULLER believed it was a fact that the Commissioner of Public Works could terminate thecontract by giving three months' notice; and to prove that, he referred hon. members to House Paper No. XI (or 35). They would see the condi tions of tender, and the acceptance of Mr. John Kounsevell's tender according to such conditions. These conditions contemplated the cancelling of the contract in giving three months' notice, and he ctuld not understand why that piovisiou was left out in the agreement unless it was done by the Government to secure some particular purpose. (Hear, hear.) He would be glad to hear the ex planation of the Commissioner of Public Works on the point. TheTltEASUIlEC (IIon.T. Reynolds) in reply said he quite agreed that the liouse had been placed in a curious position, although he would not say whether it had arisen from the action of the Hon. Mr. Strangways, and from the fact that the discussion on his first motion had not beeu adjourned. It was true there was no division on that motion, but there was a 'No,' and that came from the Treasury benches. The position he took was this— there appeared to be an evident dhpusitiqn on the part of the House to hurry on the decision of UiU veiy important question, and he had thought it necessary to take some action :o prevent what might have borne the appearance of an act of injustice to an individual member. He h:id therefore moved for the nppoiutmeHt of a Select Committee. He confessed that he agreed very ne.iriy with the hon. member Mr. B. I. Stow, and had liefore expressed his opinion that the case was not at all parallel to that of the Solicitor General in 1857. 'A he Hon. A. blyth seemed to feel somewhat stronyly on the subject; but the position the hon. member for light now occupied was the same as tliat occupied by him last year, when he was a contractor for the inland mail service, and if he was liable to bo unseated now he was then. The hon. member Mr. Stow had suggested that the Government should have insisted on the hon. member resigning his seat before taking this contract ; but that would have been placing the Government iu au improper position. The question of whether the inembei should retain his seat was one for himself and foi the Uou.-e, who was well able to protect its own rights. He believed the majority of hon. members would agree with the hon. members Messrs. Ston and Milne; but he must press the motion to i division, knowing that action must betaken on the report tefore it could have any opemtion in render ing vacant the seat of the h jn. member for Lighr As to the remarks of the hon. member Mr. Fuller, it was open to him to take action to ascertair whether the regulations had beeu tampered with, anil no doubt he would do so. The motion was put and declared carried. Mr. R. I. STO W called for a division. Arzs, 20.— The Commissioner of Crown Lands the Commissioner of Publ'.c Works. Messrs. A Blyth, Bower, Bright, Carr, Cavenagh. Dunn, Everard, Fuller, Fisher, Hay, McCulIoch, Kid , doch, A. Stow, Strangway-, IWusend, Umpher , ston, Williams, and the Hou. the Treasure , (teller). inoes, 4.— Messrs. uogun, uoiton, juamune, ami R. L Stow (teller). Majority of IU for the Ayes. The House then ballotteu for members to serve sn the Committee, and the following were elected: —The Attorney-General, Messrs. lloucaut, Carr, K. 1. Stow, Strangway -f, and the Treasurer (mover)! Power was given to the Committee to call for papers, person?, and records— to repoit on i)th August. ' SUTHERLAND S ACT. Adjourned debate. On the motion of Mr. TOWNSEND, the House resumed, the Oliainnan reported progress, and the Committee obtained leave to sit again on Tues day next. CROWN LANDS SALES IN THE SOUTH EAST. Mr. UMPHERSTON inovcd ' That there be laid on the table of thi3 House a return of the quantity of Crown land sold, and the amount of money received for the same, within the Hundreds of Briukley, Seymour, Malcolm, Bouney, and Baker.' The hon. member intimated that lie intended to take further action on receiving the returns. Carried. WELLINGTON AND THOMSON'S CROSSINGS. Mr. UMPHERSTON moved 'That there be laid on the table of this House a return of the number of pasFengets, vehicles, and stock crossed at the Wellington and Ihomson's crossing-places respectively, from January 1, ISCti. to March 31, ls(J7.' He moved this with the some object as the other motion. The COMMISSIONER of PUBLIC WORKS ([Ion. P. Santo) said the Government had no ob jection to the motion. Carried. HUNDRED OF LAOEPEDE. Mr. EIDDOCH iuovcil 'That there be laid ou the table of this House a return showing the quantity of land sold in the Hundred of l.dcepede, the price realized for such land, and who are the owncts.' The return would assist lion, members in coming to a correct decision as to the proposed iailway. The TKEASUKEK (Hon. T. Keynolds) said it was unusual to ask for the names of the owners of the land, and so far the returns could not be furnished, but there would be no objection to the other part of the motion. Mr. UIDDOCH. should prefer the motion in its present form. The COMMISSIONER of CROWN LANDS (Hon. K Glyde) said the Government had no means of knowing the names of other than the original purchasers of the laud. Mr. TOWNSGND, as seconder of the motion, imagined that the hon. mover would only expect to receive such information as was in the posses sion of the Government Mr. UIUDOOLI asked leave to amend his motion by inserting after the 'showiug' the words 'as far as possible.' The Hon. II. B. T. STRANGWAYS reinarked that the Government could easily get at the legal owners of the land by tracing the operations since the land pranU by means of the documents in the Registry Office. Mr. STOW concurred in that view, and hoped the motion would be pressed as it stood. Mr. CARU observed that no doubt there were some lands under the old system, the ownership of which could not be traced through the Registry Office.- (Hear, hear; and Air. Stow-' Not in the Hundred of Lacencde.') Leave to amend was refused, and the motion' was carried as printed. The other business was rearranzed, and at 23 minutes to 6 the House adjourned until next day at a quarter to 2. THE PARLIAMENT. HOUSE OF ASSEMBLY. Wednesday. July 24. ' The Sekakkb took the Chair at a quarter to 2 o'clock. . / PETITIONS. -*~S Mr. DUNN presented a petition from 679 person?, praying tnat tne gradients of the south- j East main roadltetween Glen Osmond and Crafera should be impioved by means of a sum uf money to be granted for the purpose. Received and read. POUT WAKEF1ELD TRAMWAY. Mr. lSRl'JllT asked the Commissioner of Public Works whether his attention had been called to the way that the coutractor for the Port Wukefield Tramway was carrying out the work, lie had received a letter from a constituent, stating that on the W.h inst. only one man and a boy, with the Eninueer in charge, was to be seen on the works. The COMMISSIONER of PUBLIC WORKS (Hon. P. Santo) regretted to say that Contract Ho. 1 for the Post Wakefield Tramway was being carried on in a very unsatisfactory raauner. Every thing that could be done consistent with the contract bad been done by the Government to press on the work, and as soon as possible they intended to take it out of the contractor's hands. PORT WAKEFIELD IMPROVEMENTS. Mr. BRIGHT asked the Commissioner of Public Works when the deepening operations at Port Wakeiield were likely to be commenced. Tenders for the works had been called for the Sth July, but no progress had yet been made. Be asked the question at the request of residents, who had repre sented the urgency of the matter. The COMMISSIONER of PUBLIC WORKS (Hon. P. Santo) said the work would be proceeded with without delay. A tender had been accepted for the work, and the tenders returned to the Marine Board to take action in the matter. DESITUTE BOARD RETURNS. Mr. CARK moved that the House at its rising adjourn until 2 o'clock next day, in order that he might, through the Treasurer, call the attention of the Chief Secretary to some circumstances in the administration of outdoor relief by the Desti tute Board. Until recently the ratioua had been piven by the countiy storekeepers, under the direction and control of the District Councils, but lately they had been supplied by tender. The tenders had t-een accepted by the District Councils, but no samples hart been required of the articles to be supplied. The consequence in some places was that thet-e poor people were fearfully im posed upon. A storekeeper got the contract at a low price, and made it pay by supplying very inferior articles -sugar of the coarsest description, certainly not fit for invalids -aud those who received outdoor relief were invalids ia three ci'ea out of four— aud other articles almost unfit for use. And then the successful tendeier some times lived miles away, aud these poor people had to salt their rations, such as thty were. The case of two poor ueisons residing in his ovrn neighbourhood ' bad been brought before him. The woman had been ill aud uiuble b wait on herself many years; the man was old, infirm, and unable to work. They had oue ration for the two, and as part of this one ration, instead of getting a pound or two of meat as they wanted it and as they used to do, 12 lbs. of fore quarter of sheep— which, according to all appearance, never felt the butcher's knife— (a laugh)- was brought to them, and they must salt this or do as best they could. And yet these, and indeed the great majority of those who received outdoor relief, were of the best class cr their destitute poor, who had the nood old KukIuIi horror of the woikhouse, ami would suffer almost any privation rather than go into the Destitute Asylum. (Hear, hear.) ills opinion was that either the old system should have been retained, or else have the new system with simples and supervision; but if this new plan of giving to the most destitute and deserving of their poor meat lit only for dogs, sugar nearly or quite as bad as that supplied for rations to the aborigines, and sonp-iialf soap and half water— if this plan was the first-fruits of the new management of the Destitute Board, surely the old was better. Mr. COGLIN seconded the motion, and hoped the Government would take the subject into their serious consideration, lie knew aa an undeniable fact that the provisions supplied to the poor was nothing like half so good as were obtained in Adelaide. The Government ought also to watch with a scrutinizing eye the persons introduced into the Asylum. One inebriated woman had applied to him to pet her in after she had left the Asylum, and he refused to do so. lie hoped Euch disrepu table diameters would be excluded. The TREASURER (Hon. T. Reynolds) re marked that the department was under the Chief Secretary's directions, so that he was not prepared to state* at once what the facts were; but the attention of the Destitute Board could be called to the subject by the remasks of the hon. member, and hu would make enquiries into It. me motion was negatived. THE POST-OFFICE PLANS. Mr. EVERARD asked the Commissioner of Public Works if he would lay on the table the }ilati8 and specifications for the new Post-Office buildiups. He asked the question as he observed that alterations were now going on in the founda tion* of the Post- OUice in contravention of the statement of the lion. Commissioner the other day. The COMMISSIONER of PUBLIC WORKS (lion. P. Santo) was qu.te unaware that any altera tion was being made in the foundations. The plans of the foundations and of the first n mr could be laid ox the Library table immediately, and alBO the plan of the Bkeleton elevation. Next day or the day after he hoped to be able to lay the finished elevations on the table. SPECIAL MAGISTRATE FOR THE NORTHERN DISTRICT. Mr. COGLIN asked the Treasurer whether there had been any application tcceived for the post of Stipendiary Magistrate to Ik; created in the Northern District, and by whom the application had been recommended. The TnEASUKER (flon. T. Reynolds) said there were a large number of applicants for auy vacancy of that kind, but nothing had been done in the? matter. MAGISTRATE FOR STREAKY BAY. Mr. CUGL1N asked the Treasurer 'whether it is the intention of the Government to appoint a Stipendiaiy Magistrate f«r the township of Streaky Bay. as prayed for by Petition No. 34.' (Paper No. 34. House No. 21.) The ATTORNEY-GENERAL (Hon. B. B Andrews) said this subject had before been dis cussed, and the reply of the Government would probably be anticipated by the lion, member. The formal reply was as follows:— 'The Government do not intend at present to appoint a Stipendiary Magistrate, but it is the intention to appoint a Special Magistrate, who may hold a Court of Limited Jurisdiction. GOVERNMENT OFFICERS AT POLITICAL MEETINGS. Air, COGLIN withdrew the following notice, stating that the question had been answered— 'That he will ask the Attorney-General (Mr. Andrews) whether it k the intention of the Government to allow officers of the Crown to attend political meetings, thereby infringing a resolution passed by this House.' PAPER. The TREASURER (Bon. T. Reynolds) laid on the table circular lc'atins to telegraphic com munication between the colonies aud Great Britain. Ordered to be printed. FINANCIAL DOCUMENTS. The TREASUPJiR (Uon. T. Keynolds) hoped the House would allow him to lay ou the table one or two financial papers, to assist hon. members in the discussion on the Kbtimates. The first of these showed the estimated deficit in the revenue in lSt'-S, and the second was an abstract of the Estimated Revenue and Expenditure for 1SCS. lie hoped the House would permit him to substitute for the Ways and Means now on the table a fresh copy of sucli Ways and Means. In his anxiety on Thursday last to give a full statement of the Ways and Means and the deficit for IStiS, he had been somewhat misled as to the amount of the deficit, le was sorry to say that the actual figures were in excess of what he hnd stated, and would make a total of upwards of £200,000. The fact was that he had taken ,the savings he had pointed out into account twice on account of his not 1 aving noticed that the Under Treasurer in the unexpended balances for 1867, placed in his lund, had taken account of those savings. The deneit this year would therefore be £lt».000 odd, and for ISGi £lS7,O0O; so that, instead of having to provide for £145.000, he would have to provide for £183,0J0. If ion. members would allow the new statement of Ways and Means to be placed on the table it would enable them to discuss the financial statement in a more satisfactory manner. The SPEAKER, in reply to Mr. Towssend, said the other copy of the Ways and Means would be taken off the hie. PRINTING PETITION. Mr. BRIGHT, for the Hon. A. Blyth, moved— 'That Petition No. 10, presented on 23rd July, from the President and Secretary of the Diocesan Synod, be printed.' Carried. SUTHERLAND'S ACT. In Committee. Mr. CARR moved 'That it is expedient to amend Act No. 17 ol 1SG2, intituled an Act to provide for the future appropiidtionot tne proceeds ot the Waste Lands of the Crown in the Province of South Australia.' The most important provision in the Act 17 of 1M52 was clause 3rd:— 'Two equal parts of the gross proceeds of the sale of the said waste lands of the Crown shall be appropriated as and for, and shall constitute a fund to be called 'The Public Works Fund,1 and the remaining one- third part of the said gross proceeds shall be appropriated as and for, and Buall constitute a separate fund to be called ' The Immigration Fund.' Thiswas not a motion for the rejection of the principle involved in this provision, that the proceeds of the sale of Crown lands should be used for the construction of public works and the introduction of immigrants, and these purposes alone, and to this position he gave a most hearty assent and support If he thought this motion would imperil this arrange ment, and divert auy portion of these funds to other purposes than those contemplated in the Act, he would at once say bo, and more than that, he should at once abandon the motion; but he could not but see, as be thought all hon. members had seen, that the operation of the Act in its present form had led to a somewhat anomalous state of finance. lie referred to the fact that the proportion of one* thud as set apart to form the Immigration Fund was more than could be expended on im migration; for notwithstanding there was every disposition en the part of the House to use and not to hoard, the accumulations amounted to £300,000. They had had to borrow largely for public works and £2 0,000 for roadmaking, while this sum of jOUO.OOO was locked up for a purpose for which it could net be expended. Immigration, he need hardly inform the House, had been sus pended, or nearly so. A sum of £25,000 had been set apart for this ye-ir, but he did not expect it to be used, although if immigration was needed the money would be used. And the fact that this large amount was assigned to a purpose for which it could not be used strengthened the opposition to this Act. and gave a semblance of reason to it, and made the cry for its repeal much more to be feared. It was this balance of £300,000 which had caused so much outcry outside against Sutherland's Act, and had caused not a few of their would-be legislators to promise its repeal; but he re peated, he wished to preserve it, and by judicious amendment to cut the ground from under the feet of objectors, and destroy the force of the objections urged. He would . alter the Act so as to allow thi3 balance to be used for public works, or for the purchase of South Australian Government bonds, or the formation of a sinking fund for the extinction of the National Debt, if the House liked to see it better in that form. His own preference was simply to take the money and use it, and borrow a much less amount than was proposed by the Treasurer; but he did not much care which way it was put so that the colony had the use of it in the construction of public works. He would also alter the Act, so that while it pro vided for immigration to an extent sufficient for their requirements, it should not tantalize and etasperate opposition to immigration by so large an accumulation of money as they now had as an Immigration Fund (£300.000) which could not be used.-- The most ardent supporter of immigration must see that a very large fund, present and pros p.ctive, was a hindrance rather than a help, in that it shaped the popular cry against it, and was a sort of red rag to invite opposition. They Bhould hear nothing nov. whatever of the opposition to this Act outside were it not for this useless balance-useless as far as immigration was concerned. The fact that immigration was suspended would be sufficient to silence that opposition only for this larye balance of £300,000. Ue hoped this motion would have the support of Government, since it appeared to harmonize with the views of the Trea smer. When he gave uotiee of this motion he was not aware of his intentions; but now, if lie understood him aright, he would nut much object to absorb this balance. He hoped he would do bo, and certainly he thought as he wanted the money, he ought to support the motion; but whether he would do bo or not he (Mr. Carr) knew no more than any other hon. member, although he had the impression that if this fund was used for any other purpose than was contemplated in the Act, such use should be under an ameuded Act To use the Immigration Fund for other purposes, say even for the purchase of South Australian bonds to form a sinking fund for the extinction of the National.Debt in SO years, without altering this Act would be very much like driving a coachand six through it And yet u must be used for rome purpose. There was not a financier in the House who could get through this session without using it for other purposes than for those designated in clauses 5 and 6 of the Act; or if there was one who thought be could, he should like to know how he would do it; for according to clause rj, if it was left in the Banks at 6 uer cent interest; that interest belonged to the Im migration Fund only, aud if invested in Govern ment securities, 'the produce of any securities so purchased shall belong to and be paid to the fund ;'' and to divert this fund either in its principal or interest from immigration to either public works or national debt, although a very proper alteration, was. as he believed the Treasurer would tell them presently, impossible without an emendation of the Act For the future he saw tw-i ways in which the necessary amendment might be made, either of which would provide a proper provision for the introduction of future immigrants, nor would either of them in the least degree injure the secu rity given to the public creditor by the Act The first alternative was to resolve the two funds into one, and make of the gross proceeds of the sale of waste lands a public works and immigration fund. This he thought the best arrangement, for --f course the Parliament would then determine the way in which it would be spent; end it did so happen that very extensive public works and large immigration expensts seldom if ever came at the same time. When labour was Bcarce and dear, public works on a large scale interfered with private enterprise aud should be held back, and they then very properly introduced immigrants freely; but when private enterprise languished and labour was abundant, they wautcd the public works expenditure, and immigration, as at presen', was suspended. A common fund would make the proper provision in either case. The other form of amendment would be to alter the proportions assigned to each fund; and he thought their ex perience had proved that less than one-third vim needed for immigration, and that more than two thirds were required for public works. He was anxious not to be misunderstood, and therefore he repeated that he wished to improve the Act — not to repeal it, and that his only object was to con form its operation to the present fiuaucial and political necessities of the colonv. The COMMISSIONER of CROWN LAND3 (Hon. L. Glyde) said it was quite true that the hon. member could not have known what course the Government would take in this matter, and he would give a few reasons why they conceived it their duty to oppose the resolution. He was rather surprised that such a resolution should have been tabled by the hou. mover. He could quite have understood his objecting to Sutherland's Act altogether and moving its repeal. In that cate there might have been a fan- stand-up light ; but to his mind the motion proposed was more dangerous tli an if it had been to aliirm the expediency uf repeal ing the Act, and until the previous day he had taken it for granted almost that the motion contemplated the repeal of that Act. He was inclined to think that in the House and outside a great deal of mis apprehension existed as to the real state of the case with regard to the Immigration Fund. At various public meetings speakers had referred to the very large sum of £300,000 lying to the ci edit of the fund; but to show the real facts he had had some figures prepared. Hon. members would know that this Act, No. 17 of 1S02. came into operation on the 1st July. ISG'I, and the total amount received for land sales from that date t j tne 1st July, 1S67, was £1.295.000. The one third of that sum of course was £432,600. The amount expended during the four years for immigration purposes, including departmental expenses, as set out in part 3 of the Estimates, each year was £191.000. The amount of interest received on account of the Immigration Fund, which had been sacredly applied to increase that fund, was £21,000 m round numbers. The total amount of the immigration balance on 1st July, 1SC7, was just about £2)1,-KW, and he believed 'a great many people outside thought that fuul was kept positively idle in a separate box in the Trea sury— (No and Hear)- and that it was the bounden duty of the Treasurer to put away in that box one third of the proceeds of Crown Lands sales. Suit posing that to be the case, did they expect to see on opening the box 291,000 sovereigns or bank notes? Certainly such was not the case, for it* contents would be Hank teceipts for that amount within a few hundred pounds. Now he understood the object of the amendment to be the repeal of Sutherland's Act so far as it related to the past accumulations of the Immigration Fund, and ap propriate the whole of them for public works. The hon. mover, he believed, was in error in thinking that they could not do it in any other way except by altering the Act; for in the proviso to the tith clause the very course was contemplated which the Treasurer proposed adopting. It was as follows:— 'Provided that the Treasurer may invest frnm time to time any -unexpended balance of either of the said fmids in the purchase of Govern ment securities, and the produce of any securities so purchased shall belong to the fund by or on account of which the same shall lie purchased.' That meant that if they took £100,000, sav, out of the fund, and put in their bonds, they would be tne securities, and when they were paid for the produce of them would have to go back to the credit of the fund. (Hear, hear.) Now. what the Tieasurer proposed to do was to take out of the box a few thousand pounds' worth of these Bank receipts just as they might be wanted for public works, and put in their place South Australian bonds, arranging them to fall in at dates when it .would be con venient to pay them, and every one would acknow ledge that South Australian bonds were quite as goad security as Bank receipts. It so liappened that the position of the Banks now was very diife lent from what it was 12 mouths ag \ when they were talking of doing something of the same sort ' Then it would have been exceedingly inconvenient for the Banks to find the £100,0(0 if it had been required by the Treasurer at ence without very seriously affecting private persons; but now they would have no difficulty in finding that amount in a few weeks. Ue maintained that the plan of substituting for Bank receipts Government securities in the way he had suggested was the very best plan that could be devised, and distinctly carried out the provisions of the Act. He believed 18(58 was the very worst year they had yet had as regarded their national debt, and was worse than they would have for some years to come. The amount of principal and interest to be paid during its currency was above £100,000, aud this would be a larger sum than they would require to pay for years, notwithstanding the large additional sums borrowed ; for they had learned wisdom by expe rience, and did not ii tend borrowing large sums again on short-dated bonds. It was therefore per fectly wise, in his opinion, for the Government to borrow portions of the Immigratinn Fund on short dated bonds, falling due when it would be most convenient to repay them. Another reason he would point out for not meddling with Suther land's Act was that it formed the foundation of their credit at home. (Cheera.) The hou. mover said he preferred putting the whole of the proceeds of the land Bales into one fund; but that would tend to injure their credit Was it not reasonable to suppose that the capitalists of London would prefer trusting a community of 2G0.000 souls than one of 100,000, and if they saw that the colony was deliberately resolving not to provide for the introduction of more population, and to shut themselves up within themselves, would that not lessen their disposition to lend money to the Government! (Hear.) Again he would take the ground that it was almost a breach of faith with those who had lent money since the passing of the Act to repeal it uow, seeing that they lent it on the faith of that Act It bo happened that during the four years the Act had been in operation about one half of that period had reference to very bad times in the history of the colony. The last 12 months especially had been one of the worst periods they had ever experienced, and therefore the past four years could scarcely be taken as a fair average. And he would ask, did the hon. member think that they would realize £1.295.000 bv land sales durinu the nprtfnnrvMr«» Was it likely that they would get more than one half of it, if as much? (Hear, hear.) And he would ask him further whether, if he had his own will, he would not prefer that they shou'd spend £190,000 in immigration during that period, lie was suie the hon. member agreed with him that immigration was the very life of the colony. (Hear, hear.) He considered the Act No. 17 of ISttJas a most valuable measure. He had looked through the speeches delivered at the time it was passed, and, he remembered it was said then— in which opinion he was inclined to agree— that it would perhaps be wisest to fix the proportion devoted to immigration at one-fourth instead of one-third. As, however, the proportions had been fixed, he begged the House not to alter them at present A cry had been got up outside by persons who understood the position of affairs, but as they were within six months of a general election the question might fairly be one to be dealt with by the constituencies.. The hon mover had said that as a general rule public works and immigration did not go on upon a large scale at the same time. (Sir. Coglin-' Yes.') He presumed the hon. member for Light with his views would support the motion, but what he would urge was that tho^e who believed in a young community like this that it would be exceedingly unwise to stop immigration not to assist in altering the Act No one knew better than himself that no further labour renuired to be introduced at present and therefore he had sent no orders for vessels; but who could say what would be the state of affairs 12 months hence? He believed the hon. mover had expressed hig hope that the £25, WO voted would not be spent— (Mo and Hear)- hut his own hope was that it would be found necessary to spend that amount next year. And with regard to the statement that large public works and immigration were not earned ou simultaneously, he would ask the hon. mover whether he thought that ought to be the case. Did he not think that matters would be in a more wholesome and healthy condition if the two things were carried on contemporaneously? He did noUhink of ordering more ships at present, and he believed there was a misunderstanding re specting the one now on the water, for it did not sau till June, and would not arrive for two months ret so that there was no ground for appre hension that a shipload of immigrants would in a week or two be added to the population. He would also ask ,the hon. mover to consider the question carefully with a view to the desirability of deferrina the action he contemplated. A good clip of wool and a good harvest of cereals might materially alter the aspect of things before the elections, and he should not be at all surprised to see public feeling go round with respect to Sutherland's Act. Whether that would be so or not, his view was that the subject was a fair one for the hustings, and the Government must oppose the motion, . Mr. HAY was glad to hear the Hon, Commis-i sioncrsay that it was not his intention to renew immigration at present, as he behe«d it would also be very injurious to do bo. It wa? a matter ol regret that the returns should shpw. that t those leaving the colony were'more numerous than those entering it, and itshowed-that aheatthy state of things did not prevail at present. , He discredited the statement of the Hon. Commissioner that the credit of the colony was at all connected with the accumulated fund under Sutherland's Act (Hear.) lie believed a much better way to keep up their credit m England was to keep down their debt When a statement was uiven in Ihe public papers that the dtbt was £13 for every head of the popu lation, the Enjdiih capitalists would not take into account that £2 of that was made up of amounts borrowed under the Immigration Fund in the colony, but their credit would ;be ffreaily alil-cted. He thought it wise that a certain portion of the proceeds of the Crown lands should be set apart for iramgratiou purposes, but he had no desire to see an accumulated fund of £300.000, increasing itself by meaus of the interest payable upon it He believed the Act might judiciously be amended, and he was favourable to amending it without waiting for the cry at a general election. His opiuiou was that a prowsiou should be inserted to the effect that everything over and alnue £50,000 to the credit of the fund ut the t lose of any ihunci.il year should be expended in public works. That sum would be sutlkitnt for 10 shiploads of iininitianK aud he looked upon that as ample provision for any one year. It was not a thing done in private undertakings to accumulate money on one hand, and borrow it to pay it out for some other purpose. (Hear, hear.) And while he was in favour of a certain portion of the proceeds of the land sales— let it be one-third if they wished— being laid aside for immigration, he yet thought any excess over £50,000, belonging to that iuud at the end of the financial year, might be applied to public works. It was the duty of the House to look not at the interest of working men, bankets, or any particular class, but at the interests of the whole colony, and apply the funds for the good of the community generally. It would no doubt b« unwise to remove very large suras from the Hanks in a single day, but the exigencies of public works would not require such a thing being done. They did not know that the land sales fur the next four years might not be larger than the past They had been told that, notwithstanding the bad tunes, £&)1,000 had been accumulated in the past, r.nd why might not half a million of money be accumu lated during the next four years? He did not think that the tight way to manage their financial affairs at all. If the strongest supporters of the Act sna the effect produced on account of the existence of this accumulated fund in the London money market, they would po in favour of some altera tion. He repeated that the best way of sustaining; their credit was to kci-p down their debt aud be prompt in the payment of interest ; and however much he regretted voting agaiust the Government in a motion of this kind, he must support the motion. Mr. KVKEABD presumed it was scarcely neecs saiy for him to say which side l-c intended taking in thedi cussion, although the clear and exhaustive speech of the Commissioner of Cr,-wn Lands left him very little to say. lie was quite of opinion that during the next four years the pioceeds of hnd sales would not be half what they had been during the past four years, and in addition to the point taken that the altering of tie Act would involve a breach of faith with the lenders of money in Engjand he would say that there were others who mixht complain of a breach of faith, namely, the purchasers of that £1,295,00 1 worth of land. They bought it ou the understanding that one third of the pu: chase-money should lie expended on immigration, but they were uow told that be cause it had not all Uen uncut in the past it would not lc spent at all. It Becmed to him very like pleading the Statute uf Limitations against a past debt and his own belief was that the whole of the fund should be expended, and probably might be within the next four years. He was fully aware of the depression which had existed ; but as one of the oldest colonists he could say that never had he seen the times so bad as during the suspension of immigration. Two or three times it had l-cen suspended, and they, all knew how ddlicult it win to struggle on again in the light direction until they began again to importjlabour. In the neigh bouring colony, with all its enormous debt, and tho extent of its public works, a league was being got up to bring out more immigrants, so as to hel|i to relieve the prevailing depression, and that de pression this colony would fall into if immigration was suilercd to be discontinued. His opinion, although an unpopular one, was not the more likely to be wrong, and it was that wages were too high, and that this was the cause of persons being out of employment. By spending tins £300.0j0 in public works they would be only making things worse, and his conviction was that until the present rate of waues was lowered nersons would continue to be out of work. He saw no reason why the rate should be as high now as 12 months ago when provisions were scarce aud dear ; and believing as he did it the ptoper rate ruled that private enterprise would find employment fur all the labour available, he should oppose evety attempt to tamper with Sutherland's Act. (Hear ) The Hon. il. B. T. 8TKAN0WAYS should follow the example uf the hon. member Mr. Everard, and vote against any attempt to alter the Act in question. It wds rather reiuaikable that an lion, member for Noarlun«a(Mr. Sutherland) had the privilege of introduciiig the measure, and now it was his successor, ttie hon. member for Ko.tr hinua, who sought to destroy it. (Laughter.) He happened to know that before that Act was intro duced by Mr. Sutherland the Ministry were well iiware of his intentions, and it occurred to him that the present ftlinistry or one of them were initially well acquainted with the intention of the lion, member Mr. Ca:r on this occasion. (No.) He said it was quite withiu the bounds of possi bility that they were, and he defied auy hou. member to say it was not within the bounds of possibili.y. (Laughter.) His belief was that the Treasurer w:is pulling the strings in this matter. (Oil and laughter.) The Hon. Mr. Reynolds, as iiiem!-cr fur the City, opposed the passing of Sutherland's Act in every possible way, and told the House only a few days ago, when hu made his financial speech, that he would not ask thu House to repeal the Bill. Oh no, by no means; but he askfd them to spend the money which hail accumulated. He was sure there was a Btroiu; dillerence of opinion among the momliers on the Treasury benches. (No.) Then there was a singular unanimity, for the inem lters who before dilFered very materially in refe rence to the advisability of this Act now formed one happy family, aud were prepared to do away with opinions which they entertained some time back. He believed the cry for the repeal of this Act was merely the outcry of the large centres of population, and that the persons who would suffer by it were the farmers and those in the countiy districts. There was, he believed, too much truth in the statement of the hon. member Air. Everard that wages were too high. He did not blame men for wanting high wagca when they could get them, but private persons could not employ men unless they could do it on such terms as would leave them some profit out of their labour. That was well known as an axiom; and if the Government carried on public works without importing labour they would soon arrive at the same state of things which existed some years ago, when it was with the greatest difficulty that immigration was re sumed. He wu8 no advocate for keeping up a continual stream of immigration. The tiling must be carefully watched by the Commissioner of Crown Lands; but nothing could be more prejudicial to the material welfare of the colony than that persons who wished to employ labour in increasing their resources were unable to obtain it at a remunerative price, solely because the Government entered into competition with them. The members for the country districts could bear him out 83 to how far that held good at the present time. These were uo doubt bail turns for the labouring classes; but he believed the time was not far distant when the circumstances of tiie colony would he far more flourishing than they had been for yean past There was no person who had watched the events of the last 12 months but would Bay that every interest was in a far sounder state at the present time than it hitf been before. There might have been a good many persons who had gone through the Insolvent Court, and probably there might be a good many more yet; but how many of them were not insolvent long enough ago? (Hear, hear.) Any person who would take the trouble to examine the schedules filed in the Insol vent Court would see that a large number of the persons who had passed through lately had never been anything else but insolvent (Hear, hear.) They would say that farmers had gone through the Court; but what was the reason? Moat of them had purchased land at such a rate that they were unable to occupy it and pay expenses, and a bad harvest diove them to the Insolvent Court In reference to the sugges tion of the hon. member Mr. Carr for amending Sutherland's Act he would say that the land sold every year which furnished the fund available for immigration would decrease; and did any member suppose that the public would, if they could pos sibly avoid it, consent to a special tax for immigra tion purposes? It was not likely they would, and even if they did, how was immigration to be maintained in future years, when the Crown landg were sold? He asked hon. members in deciding on this ques tion not to be guided solely by the circumstances of the colony when it was under considerable de pression, but to give their votes according to their honest convictions, and not to be terrified into materially altering or abolishing the Act on the ground that this wa3 the last session of Parlia ment, and they would have shortly to meet their constituents. Bid those who advocated its repeal give any grounds? No, none whatever, except that there was a sum in round numbers of £300,000 in the Treasury, and that if might be advan tageously expended in public works. He admitted there must be some difficulty occa sioned from the Government having large balances lying at the Banks affecting the accommodation to beaUbrded to the public: but that was no reason why the Immigration Fund should be entirely done away with. The main question involved in the motion of the hon. member Mr. Carr was whether immigration was to be continued, not during the present session, but in future years. If so. how were the funds to be provided if Suther land's Act was repealed. Ho (Mr. Strangways) never anticipated that the whole of the money which by it was set aside would ho expended year by year, but he believed every hon, member anti cipated that it would also form a fund which would be available to continue immigration in future years when the lands had been sold, and a revenue from that source was wanting. There were many other arguments which might he adduced against the motion, and he asked lion. meml«rs not to consent to the repeal of the Act on the ground of any depression in the present emergency, for it was only an emergency in the affairs of the colony. 'J heir credit was good; any Bums they deBired to borrow for public works could easily be obtained in the London market and that Wing the case he raw no reason for abolishing a fund which they couM not replace To limit it to an accumulation of £rj0.0t» would be practically abolishing it; for if a large number of immigrants were required in any year that sum would be nothing towards the cost of bringing them out. Although the proposal was to amend the Act it was really an attempt at its repeal altogether. Mr. A. £sTOW also considered that the question before the House was virtually whether or not they were to repeal Sutherland's Ad, although the hon. mover hod disclaimed any such intention. He proposed to alter the proportion from one-third of the Land Fund which was now set apart, though he said he had no wish to lessen the respect which was entertained for the measure. The hon. member would destroy the body of the Act, but would retain the utmost veneration for its ghost Be could rnot vote for the repeal of Sutherland's Act, and he looked with a certain amount of pain upon the vacant chair by his side, but which was at the time not more vacant than the Act would be if divested of its provisions in the manner proposed by the hon, member Mr. Carr. He did not wixli to see the fond reach £1,000.000, because it wa» quite certain that a much less sum than that would ever be expended. The proposition sf the Government to run up a debt against it, ind deposit Government bonds in the rreaiury, amonnted to nothing more than a lyatcm of bookkeeping, or a record. He thought if the Act could be amended so as to limit the accumula tionto a sum very much larger than £50,000, that would be desirable, because there wa» a degree at absurdity m hoarding up such a sum as would be collected ma few years under the present plan. Ho did not however, agree with the hon. member Mr. Hay that they should deal with the matter just as they would with I heir private affaire. These were not private auairs. but the ati'iun of the people. Tho merchant1 had his own settled views, which he could hold for years together; it was not iii'ieasnry that be should Bet aside a certain sum to lie devoted Co a particular purpose apart from his general busi ness. But ill public affair* it was totally different, lliey had their conatituenU to consider- public opinion crying one tiling to-day and another to morrow, fluctuating labour market at oue time, every one employed at another time, every one out of employ, meeting* in Ihe Town Hall, aim alt these things so totally different from private con cents, that they hud to be dealt with in an entirely iliflert-nt manner. 1 f an hou. member would make a proiH'sition to limit the amount to (something nut lower than that in the hands of the Treasurer at thu present time perhaps he might go with him. Mr. BUIGHT had listened with a (ft cat ileul of pleasure to the statement of the Commissioner of Crown Lauds, and quite accorded with him in the scntimrnts he hnd expressed. He could hardly understand the motion which had been tablet!, with the remarks which had fallen from the hon. member Mr. Carr in introducing it, to tho cflect thiit he did not wish to alter Ihe piiminlcs of the kct. 11 he did not he could sec very little use in the motion before them being carried. He believed the immigrant ship, which the Commissioner ol Crown Lands had alluded to m having left England last mouth, contained chiefly nominated iinrai grant', for whom the Government had received money from their friends in the colony, and were therefore to a certain extent liouml to charter a vessel for ; and hu ulso be lieved that if notico were given that the Uovcin mint wtru willing to receive nuiuinulioiM for iiu miLTant8 from England tluy would be deluged with applications. (Hear, hear, and No.) lie wan aware that many hud been refused by the prcviuiu Government, and he understood by the present Government also, and the colonlsta would not bo so anxi'.'tig to bring out their friends ami relatives if South Australia was such a very bailpluco * to come to. (Hear, henr.) If they examiuod the supply and demand in thu labour market they wtuld find that the worVs were not being donu more cheaply than usual nt tho present time. According to the sta'enientof tho Trcnmirer, what wuiUs had l-cencaniiid on by tlw Guverumunt had ' been paid for at an excess on former Mien. In tho Ki.ul Hoard the tenders were \eir much higher than tlMseu-nt m u year ago; hut the members of tho board had been obliged to accept them because of the large amount of lubour in thecolony. There was - no member of the House who hud more doHire than he had for the prosperity of the working classes; but their prosperity did not consist in high Wildes- (Ift;ar)— but in constant employment. (Hear, hear.) While the late was so high that employers could not nflbrd to puy it men muut remain out of work. (Hear, luiir.) He was sure agriculturists would be glad to employ laKmr pro vided they could have it at such a pi ice ns to lie remunerative. He could not agree with tho re mark of the hon. member Mr. Hay that tho capitalists in England did not look upon the popu lation -;f thu colony in reference to the amount of money they would lend; for it was only a short time sinee that the South Australian Bank in linglaud agreed to increase the capital of thu Bank in the culony by £100,000 merely because immi gration had k-en resumed. To tamper with Suther land's Act, cither to amend or abolish it, wi uld, ho believed, be to abandon one of their bet-t principles, for the land was of little use to the pureluser unless there was labour to till it. As retarded thu state ment uf the hon. mcinlicr Mr. liny, that tho national debt of the colmiy was £1:1 per bead, and Ihttt capitalists would look at that fact, he believrd that at the present, time it was only tomclhinK like £4. and would be £12 provided they borrowed to the extent of ±2.000,003. SkcIi boing the ease, hu felt that thev c»uld to a certain extent increase their bonowinc powers, and that if they had money of their own tlr.it should ho invested in thu pur chase of binds rather than Helming them to thu old couutry for sale; hut wal euro must be taken in cunyiug out public works for suuiilyiiiK tho demand of w hat was called surplus lubour. If tho (joverunieiit would throw very largo sums of money into thu market for public work*, thereby competing with private capital, he was quitu sure thut by the time that money should have been all expended they would find themselves in a worse position than at the present tim-\ especially if immigration was not resumed in llio mcuuwhile. It whs not hiUK tiitire that a resolution wus passed bv the House thut there tdiould Ik) two immiuniut s iip3 ordered per month, and he hoped tho tinio was nut fur distant when the circumstances of thu colony would warrant a resumption of immigra tion. Air. HAY wished to explain. What ho «ald \\.as that the capitalists in Jutland did look at the population of the colony und nt their indebted nt-s ; ;ind therefore he wanted to impress upon I lie Grivernincnt the necessity of keeping down the debt. (Hear, hear.) Mr. UuUCAIJT agreed with a good deal of what was «jid by the Cominissiuiu'r of Crown hands, but be did not njtreo with him that it was belter for them not to express an opinion upon the ques tion of repealing Sutherland s Ai:t until they wero upon the hfcUiiKH. He (Mr. Umieuut) thounht hon. members A-mild lie more deserving of tho confidence of their coiistiiuenlx in Muting what their views were while they were in the i louse. He should move, us un amendment on the motion, that the word 'amend' be struck out with u view to iiimthig in its Btcml ' repeal,' and then they would have ail opportunity of sceimr, first, those lion, member* who were in favour of thu repeal of the Act; secondly, tin. -sb in favour of nn amendment; and third, those who wero uyainst both. Jlu denied 1 that there was any proof of any «ood having been done by Sutherland g Act. No one would suppose but that picuiiiely theiaiiie hnimillt of money would h:ive been applied lo immigration purposes if it had never been passed. The Treasurer ol llio day would in his Umlaut n|itt-cli ask for n certain amount for iinmiKrnnU, which he would oiisily persuade the House to vole, ilul this Att caused, by the accumulation of funds, ill feeling and siifiiicioii- which, too, was a veiy just KUHpiciuii under the circumstances on thu part ol the working man regarding Sutherland'* Act. lie knew, us the hon. member Mr. titiang ways pointed out, that when Mr. Hutheiland went down to the House with the statement of what ho was going to do for the colony, eveiy one hi tho JJl'Use Knew that it was a cut-und-diied plan. (Hear.) Ihe Ministry pretended to be tuken by Rurpnsu, but anybody of a little observation could ImeFcen that it was a scheme urrunged between Mr Sutherland nnd the Ministry of the day. (No.) Why the Hon. Mr. Strangwuys (the Commissioner of Crown Lands of tlmt d-ij) said just nuw that tho Ministry perfectly will kuew what was about to bo done. (No.) The Hon. H. B. T. STRANG WAYS- Would the hon. member allow him to explain? If ho referred to the debate which took place on that occasion it would lie seen that he, as Commissioner of Crown Lands, moved au amendment on tho motion of Mr. Sutherland, Mr. BOUCAUT— There was no one more Inge* nious than the hon. member for West'forruns (Mr. btrangways). No one could better BU«neiit to a member who was (joinjj to introduce a hostile motion uot to put it point-blank against them, but in such a way that they (the Ministry) could show some little independence. At all evenU it wan perfectly understood on that occasion that Mr. Sutherland w»s going to Introduce that measure, and that the Government were going to support it. (Hear, hear.) It was introduced avowedly at a time when there was nothing to iear from tho working classes, but in realty Mie working clause! had always shown a very liberal suppoit to inembcis advocating immigration. The hon. member Mr. livenml witti his curiouB logic smd that the aflum of tho colony hud always begun to get better as soon as they resumed immigration; but it did not follow that the improvement of circumstances was occasioned by the fact that immigration had been resumed. It was something like the saying in reference to Tentetden Steeple and the Goodwin Bands. (A laugh.) Did the hon. member mean to say tlmt if at that time twclvemontliB, when the colony wan in a worse position perhaps than ever it was, that by introducing a large number of immigrants they would have bettered their position* Tho hou. member himself knew better. The hon. member Baid wages were too higlu But he had heard candi dates on the hustings tell the working man that immigration was a good thing for them becouso their wapes would be increased by it That was inconsistent with the lion, member Air. Kverard's statement now. He (Mr. Boucatit) was opposed to Sutherland's Act, as he wus when it was intro duced, though he knew the feeling of the House was the other way. (Hear, hear.) He was not opposed to immigration ; but it must lie under the control of the House, so that members who were elected might from time to time have an oppor tunity of expressing their opinien upon it He should move the amendment he hud indicated. Mr. .NMLE8 Baid any reasonable supporters of butherlaud's Act just expected that if any attemut was maae to urea* tne crust thu result would bo what they had seen-(Hear, hear) -and the first to take advantage of it was one who within a few weeks was one of Her Majesty's Minister, whom they efjould rather have looked to for support. If those parties who were exclaiming agoiust immigration could itop jt, could get all their own way, and lay JteM of every farthing that was in the country, it would be like the case of the goose and the golden egg- it would last a Riven time, ami then collapse and be frightful. There would be no employment for people at any wages, and capital would vanish from the land. Ue believed work ought to be afforded by the Government to those who wanted it, but ntit so as to compete with private capital. ho man should be allowed to say he could not set work. He should be able t - cet it at some price, but the cry was lie could not get it at any | rice, There were some tkilled artisaus whom they knew would not take employment at less than a certain remuneration; i-ut the labouring man who bad nothing to depend on but his muscle ought to have it at such a price as would at least provide him with bread, beef, and beer, and lodeine for his family. (A. laufdi.) He believed with Droper management on the part of llio Government this could be obtained; but all these political cures were only like holding out a sheet of gla.--« to a man, which he could knock to pieces as Beoii as he saw the deception. The remedy they wanted Bhould lie immediate; and the repeal ol butherlanu's Act* if it ever did them any good, could have no effect in time to meet tho outcry for work. He wai cojfident Sutherland's Act wan one of the most sensible Acts ever passed, and that reducing the portion of the revenue to be appro priated would only have a bad effect while all tlut was required could be done by putting Govern ment bond* in place of the Bank receipts for the funds, and ho expending tbo money among the working men. To give a particular instance re gatdinK the employment of labour, the Directors ot the Burra had stopped working the mine on the plea of the low price of copper. Row he could say on behalf of the working men that mul the Direc tors, when the price fell from 20s. to 15s. per cwt, told tbo men that it would not pay them to con tinue the mine if they had to give them 32s., but that they must reduce the wages to 21s., not a man would have struck. If they had been offered em ployment at that price they would not have left their work. No Government was entitled to ait on those benches who could not meet an emer gency in the labour market of the colony such a* the present by siring men employment, not at 8s. or 10s. per day, but at such waxes as would supply them with food. . ... ? , PRIVILEGE. Adjourned debate on the motion of the TitKASURBU— ^^Tliai, the articles of agreement made, Jane 29, 1867, between the Counnusioner of KailVajs and 