NEWS OF THE WEEK. ? ^ ? The frequenters of the Botanic Gardens will bo pleased to inspect a series of photographs taken by' Air. B. Goode from various points in that popular place of resort. The Toii'ciis Dam w;is the resort of a large number of holiday'-makors on Thursday, and during the day the water and the banks presented a most pleasing spectacle. Ail accident occurred at the Torrens Dam on Thursday afternoon. A boat contain ing some boys \v--ut over the dam, but fortu nately, although the boat was considerably damaged, they wen; not injured. Ou Thursday morning, it being the an niversary of thi! Queen's accession, a detach ment of the Artillery, under the command of (.!.tpt:tiu Mathews, turned out in front of the Armory with two guns, mid lired a royal salute. On Thursday evening, June 20, Mr. T. II. Clarkson gave a literary' entertainment at the Pulteney-street Schoolroom, the Rev. Canon Russell presiding. Mr. Clarkson gave a recita tion of Dickeuo's Christmas Carol, which was received with great applause. By private advices gleaned from various sources we gather that there has been a con siderable fall of raiu in the North. About Mel rose there has been an abundant soaking, and it is supposed that the Northern mail, su long after time has been delayed by flouds. Mr. W. DufHeld has had si letter from his manager ou the Hailing, stating that the week previously /tt-,(XH) sheep had passed through the run, and that 80,000 more wero to follow in another week. This is rather a pleasant an nouncement— 110,000 sheep crossing a run in«) couple of wueks ! The \VaUai»i- Tiuwt of the 19th hist, says — The Lubra on Friday took away a large number of pa«»enge.rn, consisting mostly of working men with their families. The want of employment for the men has been the cause of their leaving the district. It is said tlioy intend leaving th« colony. A special iiuailrille entertainment came off at Hines's Assembly Rooms on Thursday evening, June '20. Tho gaiety was well sus tained, the arrangement!) were tsistoful and ap propriate, and the whole affair was admirably contrived to afford an evening's fun of the most delightful aud unexceptional character. Holiday was kept by a few only at tho Port ou Thursday, as tho Custoiu-Hoiiso not being closed necessitated the attendance of all those officials, and the shipping, with a fow ex ceptions, had their hands at work. A royal salute was fired on the North-parade by the Tort Artillery. There were a few visitors, who amused themselves by boatiug or fishing in the river. We have seen a large-sized photograph (by the .Adelaide Company) of the silver tea service presented to Mrs. Towns^ud, and in cluding also tho watch, claret jug, &c;, forming part of the testiinsmia! to Mr. Townsend. The picture, as a work of art. is a very successful specimen ; and it was a good idea on the part of the Committee to have the group taken. The annual District Meeting of the Adelaide District of the South Australian Ancient Order of Foresters, was held at tho Court Room of Court l'ersovoraice, Norfolk Arms, Rundle-streot, on Monday, June 17. There was a good attendance of delegates from different Courts, and a considerable amount of business was got through. The meeting closed at a quarter before G o'clock. The Queen's Accession Day passed off quietly. It is a thorough holiday among seivants of tho Crown, whose fervent loyalty is repaid by a few hours relaxation from their arduous duties. Lawyers of all degrees follow in the wake, and first-class houses of business copy their example. It is, however, a sort of half-and-half holiday, and a stranger ill Ade^ laide might be purr.led to decide -whether the 20th «-as a day of festivity or. devotion. However, a considerable number of business men sought re laxation in the hills, or at the sea shore, and are, without doubt, refreshed by the pauso in the awful whiil of Adelaide commercial busi ness. t^-M The annual meeting of the Aborigines' Friends* Association was held in the Stow Memorial Church, Flinders-street, on Tuesday evening, June IS. There was a moderate atten dance, and Mr. Alexander Hay presided. Tho report aud statement of accounts were read, and addresses wor* delivered by the Revs. J. Gard ner, W. B. Andrews, W. Wilson, and S. Mead, aud Mr. H. S. Earl, B.A. A collection was made during tho evening, which realised be tween £3 and £9, and the proceedings closed hi the usual manner. On Tuesday evening Mademoiselle Lind strom gave a conceit in the Town Hall, Port Adelaide. The attendance was not as large as could be wished. The company consisted of Mdlle. Lindstrom, Miss A. Vaughan, and Miss H. Mander; and Messrs. R. B. White. R.A., T. G. Pappin, and W. L. Dyer. Mr. ) toctor was to have given a solo on the flute, but the same was)omitted. Mdlle. Lindstrom plays on the pianoforte most brilliantly ; and Mr. R. B. White's performance on the violin is so w°ll known to the Adelaide public as to requ're no comment. The same may be said of Mrs Wishart's singing. Mr. Dyer has a very good tenor, and sang successfully. The Misses Mander and Vaughan also lent great assistance to tbe concert by their remarkable voices. Several encores were insisted on during the evening. The programme was adhered to with ons exception. An extraordinary general meeting of the South Australian Insurance Company was held at the Company's offices on Tuesday, when there was a considerable attendance of the shareholders. The object of the meeting was to dissolve the present Company and constitute a uew Corporation under the Companies Act upon an extended basis. The Hon. Thos. Reynolds, Chairman of the Directors, presided, and pro posed resolutions dissolving the old Company and forming a new one with the same name under the Companies Act. It is proposed to in crease the capital of the Company to £500,000 and enlarge the number of shares to 50,000 by the issue to present shareholders of 23,000 shares with 6s. paid up, the 6s. being a distri bution of the reserve fund amongst the new shares. The shareholders unanimously passed tho resolutions above referred to, and adopted tho memorandum and articles of association with several amendments. A meeting will bo held on July 3 to ratify the resolutions passed at Tuesday's meeting. The usual meeting of the Education Board was held on Monday afternoon, when a quantity of routine business was transacted. Mr. Hardy postponed hia motion for an amend ment of the 29th regulation, making it optional rather than compulsory that the Bible should be read in schools, in consequence of there not beine a full Board. Mr. Wickes, the Secretaiy, resigned his office, owing to failing health. The resignation was accepted, but the Board decided to request the Government to allow Mr. Wickes to remain iu office fora short time, in order to initiate his successor into the duties of the situation. Mr. Wickes has been Secretaiy to the Board for 134 years, and has now to retire owing to the loss of health, and increasing infirmities of age. The members of the Board bore testimony to the zeal, efficiency, and courtesy with which he had discharged the duties of Secretary to the Board. The monthly general meeting of the Port Adelaide Permanent Land, Building, arid Investment Association was held on Thursday evening, Wth instant. Two shares of £100 wore sold at a premium of £24 each. Mr. Jas. Grosse wsis unanimously re- elected Chairman for the ensuing six months ; and Messrs. A. Bower, C. L. Luhrs, W. Taylor, and W. W. Leslie were re-elected Directors for the ensuing 12 mouths. The Ohairn an read a requisition from a uuinber of shareholders, requesting him to call a general meeting of the Society to con Rider the desirability or otherwise of making some alterations In the rules. It appears that some members think it would bo an imptove mout to adopt somewhat more of what is called tho 'equitable' principle into the working of the Association, so that purchasing members might have an interest iu the profits, a less premium to deduct from tho share wlien pur chased, ami a longer period for repayment. The Chairman intimated his intention to comply with the requesition. Biichelder's Diorama of the American Rebellion opened at White's Rooms on Monday evening, June 17. There was a capital house, the reserved seats being nearly all occupied, and the other parts of tbe hall being well filled. The di--rama consists of various scenes, memor able in the history of the recent civil war in America. It opens with a view of Charleston, followed by a representation of Fort Sumter, the evacuation of Fort Moultrie, and tbe firing of the first gun on the steamship Star of the West. Then came the bombardment of Fort Sumter and the more important battles aud sieges of the Federal and Confederato_ forces riwpectively. These war pictures are delineated with a vividness which at times is startling, and which brings before the eye in a clearer manner than ordinary representations cau do the stirring scenes which were enacted during the bloody campaign. The more peaceful pictures are also the work of a true artist, and must be seen to be fully appreciated. The stage effects are also managed exceedingly welL There were automaton representations of the engage ment between the Kearsage and Alabama, and of the funeral procession of the late President Lincoln, in the City of Washington. Both of these were loudly applauded. The funeral cortege was very well executed, tbr horses and cavalry who formed part of the procession keeping time to the strains of tho dead march. The cavalry, artillery, infantiy, members of the Cabinet, the funeral car, the late President's favorite hor e, the deceased's relatives, and a train of carriages, and military filed passed in turn, and presented to those present a very faithful miniature representation of this grand spectacle. The views .are accompanied by in teresting and instructive remarks by Me. Bachelder. The exhibition is one which we very cordially recommend to our readers, and to lovers of the fine arts especially, who will, we are sure, be gratified by witnessing these pictures, many of which show the touches of a master hand upon them. There has recently been a supposed su pernatural visitation of an exciting character in Adelaide., ihe scene being laid in Topham-street —a quiet little narrow right-of-way, with un pretending residences inhabited by people of religious habits. Tbe most surprising part ot the tale is the extraordinary hours selected by the unquiet spirit for his performances. Instead of choosing, like any orthodox ghost, the witch ing hour of midnight, he resorts to a vulgar imi tation of our imprisoned Thunderbolt, and goes about his mission in the early evening, or el«e makes himself obnoxious during the day. We understand that he first called on a gentleman ou Saturday evening, June 8, as ho was, with his wife, about to start for chapel, and commenced nipping at the back door. All attempts to dis cover the mysterious visitant were fruitless. This worthy couple, leaving the ghost to his evil devices, weut to their public devotions, and the ueighbois wore then annoyed, and were equally unsuccessful 11. tneir endeavors 10 account for the nuisance. During the Sunday following, the spirit-r.ippin? was frequently repeated, sometimes so loudly as to be heard across the stiect. Divers consultations were held, and numerous stratagems resorted to to detect the perpetrators of what was supposed by the sceptical to be a cleverly contrived practical joke. Some! hues a pater familiar held a door in his hand till it was violeutly thuniped, and quivered in his grasp, when ho rushed violently out and saw — nothing. Theu inner doors were rapped, and by wny of variety there were thuuipiiiga on the floor. Street Arabs were suspected, children and domestics wore interrogated, but all in vain. There was more rapping on Monday morning, and here tho affair became inolancholy —a child in one of the bouses died, and tho knocking ceased. Here are materials for a veritable ghost story duly authenticated; but those who have slight faith in the supernatural may come to tho conclusion that the affair was a 1 Ingenious and impertinent lark, but that tho jestur had too muuh good fueling to annoy a family when he knew them to be iu serious affliction. Many --f -*ur readers who are Interested in aquatic uports will, doubtless, remember the racing gig Edith, which was built two or three years since by Mr. King, of Port Adelaide, and which distinguished herself ut the Port regattas on two or three occasions. She twice won champion cups, and la.it year ran second for the prize at Tort Adelaide. The Kdith was re cently purchased by a rowing club for use on the Toritms, anil on Saturday afternoon she was re-chiiitciied with the name of the Black Sw .11. A mnail knot of persons had assembled to witness thu ceremony, which w.ih performed by Mr. Charles Todd, Superintendent of Telegraphs. Mr. Todd broke a bottle of wine on tlie hows in orthodox fashion, naming the craft by her new name. Cheers were then given, «nd glasses were filled to drink suoceas io the Black Swan and of the Rowing Club which takes its name from her. Referring to to the river dim, Mr. Todd said when bo looked below the dam anl saw the Torruns as it used to be, and on above the dam and saw it as it was, he thought it was a Messing that they had Mr. Fuller as Mayor, because the Torrens bad never been fuller on any former t-cc& ion. (I-aughter.) He did not at all approve of swearing, but he thought tbe City Corporation never rendered i-etter service than in damming the Torrens. This work, he said, wus useful in many ways, especially to young men, for it brought into play, habits of command and obedience, quickness of eye, development of muscle, and abstemious diet He had witnessed boat races on the Cam in England ond the Black Swan was wore of the stamp of boat, which was used there... He had uo doubt that the young men of Adelaide would show themselves to be not unworthy rivals even of the competitors on the dam. He then pro posed success to the Black Swan, which senti ment having been heartily drank, three cheers were giren for Mr. Todd, and the crew occupied the afternoon in pulling up and down the river, with her flag at the Tfore. The Black Swan is certainly the fastest boat on the river at present, but ere long we anticipate she wOl have to bear her part in a hardly contested struggle, for there are several crews now in constant practice. We may hen mention that there are now between 30 and 40 boats upon the river of al shapes and sizes, and [ou Saturday nearly tho whole of these were in use during the afternoon. The river is now tbe chief rendezvous for plea sure-seekers, and on afine day, such as Saturday was, the scene there is both agreeable and ex citing. Lefevre's Peninsula boasts of a literary institute, called into existence some three years since by its founders, the trustees of the school. Its first public entertainment was held in the dis trict schoolroom on Friday evening. The report of the Secretary demonstrated a tolerably satis factory state, so far as the number of volumes contained hi the library and paying members. The funds accruing from the entertainment to be devoted to the purchase of more books for the library. 6. A. Connor, Esq., presided in an able manner. The programme consisted of dnets and glees by the Choral Society, who kindly tent their services for the occasion. The Rev. J. Henderson also consented to give a lecture, and recitations and dialogues by member.* of the institution completed the roll. The Rev. Mr. Henderson spoke of tbe advantages to be derived by people attending lecture-rooms geuerally. It mattered not whether the subject was scien tific or literary, it was an amusement, bo happy and so innocent; it withdrew so many from entic ing scenes of vice — from the card-table and tlie tavern ; It gave a stimulus to budding intel lects, and roused in so many hearts the spark of literary and scientific genius ; it commenced tne manufacture of so many incipient Mil tons no longer mute and inglorious, and of whole generations of young Arkwrighte, Watts, and Stephensons, -so worthy of their illustrious pro genitors, and, to go a little further still, to better instruction. Its excitement and plea sure did not stop there. The lecture-room pro moted a great many love matches — it brought young ladies and gentlemen into close and inti mate propinquity ; it excites and animates flirta tion; besides it was also a nursery for the numerous sprigs of criticism that abound, and supplied the theme for discussion in the parlor of the boarding- house or in the circle of tbe home fireside. The Rev. Mr. Henderson as a lecturer cannot fail to be deservedly appreciated, and on the present occasion prepared it a most interesting one, suitable to the occasion, enti tled— ' Oddities of Genius,' which he managed in a masterly way. There can be no doubt that a keen interest is excited in listening to faithful accounts of eccentricities of such geniuses as illustrated the lecture, amongst which were those ef many of the brightest intellects of the past and present — Shakspeare, Wordsworth, Scott, Burns, Tennyson, Wilson, &c.; Lectures, generally speaking, are, although listened to with patience, quoted as dry ; but by the manner in which the present one was prepared did not fail to please the audience, which numbered over 300 persons. There is a thorough absence of pedantry in the rev. gentleman's style, aud his quotations are apt and geniaL The members of the Institute who recited last night were quite juveniles, and it was very gra tifying to witness the way in which they ac quitted themselves. J. McKenzie deserves especial notice for tne possession ot a pleasing address, a cultivated tone of voice and careful delineation. He recited during the evening ' Number One' (Hood), ' Misadventures at Margate (Ingoldsby Legends) in a most humorous and self-possessed ' manner, rarely witnessed in a youngster. His brother, William McKenzie, also acquitted himself excellently well in several dialogues, in which Messrs. J. Fletcher, J. Playfair, and J. McPhersou took parts in right earnest, and retired from the platform on each occasion deservedly applauded. The chosen dialogues were from the tragedy'of ' Douglas' (Home), 'The King and the Miller of Mansfield,' and from the Comedy of the 'Poor* Gentleman.' Mrs. WaUcey, and Messrs. Saint, Thompson, and Westover sang capitally several popular duets and glees, and Mr. A. E. Sawtell presided at the pianoforte. A really pleasant evening was brought to a close by votes of thanks usual ou these occasions, and ' God Bless our Queen.' Partial to the last, Mr. Justice Bootliby has handed to our contemporary copies of charges preferred against him by Mr. Boucaut, a complaint against his conduct by the other -Judges, and -several letters from the Govern ment respecting the above accusations. First comes a letter from the Chief Secretary for warding a copy of the changes, and stating that they would De investigated, the Government proceeding under the Imperial Act of 22 Geo. HL, c 75. The next communication is from the Clerk of the Executive Council, summoning His Honor to appear at Government House on the 24th instant, explaining the course of pro cedure, stating that if His Honor did not appear the^nvestigation would go on as in the case of default, forwarding a copy of the complaint from the other Judges, and submitting a list of the cases that would be relied on in support of the charges, mentioning at the same time that it might be necessary to refer to other cases in illustration of Wi» Honor's conduct. We append the charges brought against the. learned Judge by Mr. J. P.- Boucaut, and the com plaint by the Chief Justice and Mr. Justice Gwynne. The charges are: — 'I. Conduct and language contumacious and disrespectful to the Court of Appeals, and obstructive to the said Court in the performance of its duties. 2. Per verse refusal to recognise the authority of Par liament, and to administer tho laws of the pro vince. 3. Expressions on the Bench disparaging and insulting the Legislature, the Government, and the institutions of the province, and lan guage and behaviour on the Bench calculated to bring the administration of justice into con tempt 4. Language on the Bench offensive and irritating to the other Judges, and public denial of their authority. 5. Allowing private and personal feeling to interfere with the fair and impartial administration of justice.' The following is the letter of the Judges -.— ' Supreme Court, jApril 24, 1867.— Sir : We have the honor to address your Excellency on the subject of the course adopted by Mr. Justice Boothby at the recent sittings of the Court. It will not be necessary to recapitulate the various methods in which he has endeavored to assert his claims to be the sole rightful Judge, as your Excellency will probably have been made aware of these from the hon. the Attorney -General. It is sufficient to say that not merely are his remarks personally offensive and insulting to ourselves, intended to lower us in the public opinion, and calculated to produce that effect, but the position ho has assumed is inconsistent with the equal administration of justice, since it would lead him in every cane, irrespective of the merits of the question, to decide in favor of the defen dant ; aud it would in the event of any circum stances preventing the attendance of either of ourselves put a stop to the exercise of tbe functions of the Court. We felt this so strongly that having to meet His Honor to confer upon one subject submitted to us by the hon. the Attorney-General, we adjourned the Court in order that we might take the xaiae opportunity of endeavoring to come to somo understanding thafshould enable tbe business of 'the Court to be carried 011 without a repetition of the pro ceedings of which we complained. Unhappily, however, that interview failed to produce any result, as Mr. Justice Boothby refused even to discuss the proposal to make other arrange ments with a view to the more stisfactoiy administration of justice on the Equity side of the Court, and expressed his determination in every case that he might deem of sufficient importance to repeat his warnings and protests. We feel that we have no right on the ground of personal annoyance, or - of diffi culties in the administration of justice caused by an obstruction which unitedly we can over rule, to close the Court against suitors, wn icn would practically be tbe result of our declining to sit with Mr. Boothby ; and, therefore, we have no alternative but to bring the matter under the notice of your Excellency, with a view to the adoption of such remedial measures i\s it may be in the power of your Excellency's Government to apply. We have the honor to be, Sir, your Excellency's obedient servants, R. D. Hanson, C.J., E. Castees Gwtnne, J. His Excellency, Sir D. Daly, Knight, &c;, &c;, &c.;' Tlie argument before Mr. Justice Gwynne in Sellar's case has beeu further post poned for a fortnight. We understand tlie Nautilus Rowing Club will bo formally opened on Saturday, when a number of' the members will appear on the Torrens in costume. Private letters from the Eastern Plains state that there lias been an immense quantity of rain there, and that it still continues. The settlers are longing for a little fine weather. » The Supreme Court sat on Friday morning, when several short matters were taken. Mr. Justice Boothby expressed bis desire to be relieved a« much as possible from his attendance at the Court, in order to prepare for serious proceedings respecting himself and tbe other members of the Court. In deference to thiB desire, they said they would not take an] lengthy matter during the pendency of th- proceedings referred to. Official intimation has been received ir Adelaide that a portion of tbe 60th Regiment were to leave Taranaki. New Zealand, abou the 12th of this month for Adelaide, by tin barque Havershome, and that the companies o the 14th now here will sail by the same vesse I for Hobart Town. The detachment of the 50ti I numbers 9 offioera and 241 men. with 22 womei ' and 41 children, ^ 