OUR LONDON -LETTER. S (From the Australasian.) LornoN, July 26. LO-nDO is in a chronic state of prostration and, languid swellism, after the exciting events of the month, events which in all our long history have never yet been paralleled. We thought ourselves strong enough to resist the advances of any continental foe; but we were mistaken; for, for the first time in our lives, a foreign army has entered our -.city in triumph, with banners flying and drums beating, has carried everything before it, and has penetrated into the very sanctity of our domestic homes. As if that was not :enough, we have been given over to the mercies of the infidel and- the Sultan, the great Fe-fi-fo-fum of the Bosphorus having actually made himself at home in Bucking ham-palace. Wonders will never cease; and these two events are, in sober earnest, worthy of a paragraph in English history. Prior to the arrival of the Belgians the London season had been rather flat, partly owing to the superior attractions of Paris, partly to the absence of the Queen in Scot land, and partly to a general distrust of how things were going on, politically and com mercially. This month, however, we have been gay and dissipated enough for ten seasons; and it is a pleasure to think that, notwithstanding our national habit of making a mess of everything and offending everybody, we have roused ourselves to welcoming our friends and foes with a royal magnificence that no country in the world can surpass. To keep the ball rolling so as to amuse and entertain our little Belgian party of three thousand or so for ten days was pretty good; but when we had the Sultan and the Viceroy to look after as well it was rather an alarming strain on our resources. But, thank goodness, everybody put their shoulders to the wheel, the round men got into the round holes instead of the square ones, as is generally the case, and the result was an entire success. Neverthe less, the whole world of society, whether in England or abroad, has received an awful blow from the death of the unfortunate Maximilian, whose cruel fate has touched both high and low. Indeed, I never remember, either in Paris or London, such a universal sorrow, as though each person had lost a friend. It was the general homage paid to a brave and good man, who, although he might have made errors in judgment, stuck to his cause with that true nobleness and pluck which the world so well appreciates. Indeed the whole story, including the sorrows and calamities of the still. more unfortunate Empress, reads more like a drama of the deepest pathos than an episode of real life in the nineteenth century. The blow was a terrible one in P aris, and as far as gaiety goes, gave the finishing stroke to it. The exhibition now goes on in sober business, without any of the accessories of gorgeous magnificence that kept the Parisians for weeks in a sort of delirious excitement. But I think that even Parisians were getting a little blase; and a general clearance took place of people who wished to exchange the hot and crowded city for the seaside and baths, but who could not make up their minds to leave so much dissipation behind them. What with the leading subjects on the month, there has been very little else to talk about. "Les braves Belges" fairly took us by storm, and turned London into a huge Belgian hotel. And a pleasant sight it was to see the perpetual fraternisation that took place. All the theatres, alhambras, sing mg-halls, and casinos were full of them; and I must say that they seemed to fall in with the rather noisy round of London amusements with the utmost readiness, and although there were now and then a few individual little hitches (for there are some nasty people who can't help being dis agreeabe under any circumstances), there seemed to be but one feeling between the English and Belgians, and that one was expressed by the sentiment "let's liquor." And liquor they did; and if some of our friends don't have a month's bilious head ache after the dosing they got in England they must have good digestive powers. The city has come out nobly in both banquets to the Belgians and the Sultan. The Queen nobly played her part as the mistress of England's hospitable larder, and gave such a welcome at Windsor as foreigners never had before. Miss Burdett Coutts did the honours of a private invitation with equal liberality. The Wimbledon volunteers re ceived their fellow-riflemen with open arms. Everybody who had anything to show in the shape of exhibition, theatre, or concert, made them free and welcome. The English public at large beered, lemonaded, and brandy-and-watered them a in?~jf?tntum; while those who had no money showed their feelings by perpetual hand-shaking and hurrahing until they were hoarse. The Belgians broke down under the hurrahs sooner than we did, for on their departure down the river they gradually got hoarser and huskier, and finally had to respond in dumb show and the waving of shakoes. Well, the visit is over, and I believe that one such does more towards universal peace than a dozen exhibitions. The Sultan has apparently enjoyed him self in England a good deal more than he did in France, which is, after all, but natural, for apart from the death of Maxi milian, he was, as it were, on his trial, as his first appearance on the Christian stage. Moreover, the French, apart from their curiosity, have no idea of giving that hearty, genuine, glad-to-see-you welcome which an English crowd can give, and the Porte was quite quick enough to feel and appreciate the difference. The entertainments at the Guildhall and the India-house were certainly the two finest that this country has ever seen; they were even worthy of a Sultan's presence; and the only official who seemed determined to do his best to pay the Sultan no honour, but rather to spoil all the fun, was St. Swithin, who acted in the most abominable and obstinate manner. Seldom have we had a week of worse rain and wind than the week in which we particularly wanted fine wea ther, and it reached its climax on precisely the occasions when a ray of sunshine would have been a godsend, viz., at Wimbledon and the naval review. Both Belgians, Sul tan, and Viceroy got wet to the skin, and stood it like -men, as though it was part of the programme which was rather new than otherwise; but the naval review, over which we spent £50,000, was simply a failure. The Commander of the Faithful must have been awfully sea-sick as he bobbed up and down during his steaming through the fleet; but he nevertheless expressed himself as highly delighted, and never for an instant alluded to the climate or the roughness of the sea. It was a most unfortunate thing, too, as the fleet was -the finest in material, though not the largest numerically, that has ever been reviewed in this country, and the manoeuvring was all knocked upon the head by the fog and gale. Albeit, if it had not been for the disappointment of the thousands of sightseers, there was something in accord ance with the stern, business-like look of the most powerful navy in the world and the angry Channel waves, which broke against the ships' sides in futile spray, as though conscious that the navy had the best of it. The Viceroy's honours have a little paled be fore those of the Sultan, of whom he is but a tributory, and it was feared at one time that he would have been sent to take up his quarters at an hotel, a thing of which every Eastern has a great horror. However the Earl of Dudley rescued us from this re proach, and stepped forward in the nick of time to offer the use of Dudley House, which is one of the finest mansions in London. One can fancy what the Viceroy's amaze ment must have been at witnessing the fancy fair in the Crystal Palace. - At the mildest of times the dramatic fete appears to be nothing more or less than a crowd of well-dressed people gone suddenly mad. However, the symptoms having been ex plained to him, he entered into the notion amazingly, and was a godsend to the young ladies' stalls, as he gave £50 for a pen-wiper, and ended by a donation of '500- to the Dramatic College, and an equal one towards the restoration of the Palace, so that nobody can say that the descendant of the Pharoahs did not pay his footing. The Sultan also came out very creditably in donations, giv ing £1000 to the Crystal Palace, and £500 towards the poor of London. Apart from fashion, the great event of the month has been the Wimbledon meeting, which seems to go off better and better each year. The number of prizes is so tremendous that it is hopeless to catalogue them or the winners, save the Queen's prize, which was carried off by Sergeant Lane of some Gloucester shire corps with a score of fifty-seven points; the International Rifle Shield, which fell to Scotland, although I strongly suspect the Irish team would have won, had its members not been Irish, and consequently quarrelled amongst themselves; and the Public Schools Shield, which was taken by Harrow, Rugby close on her heels. The camp- life, and the peculiar fun which cleaves to it, is now become such a regular occur rence as to be a matter of course, and this year it was in full force, varied only by an occasional water-spout. Next in importance has been the Bury St. Edmund's meeting of the Royal Agricultural Society, which, as far as machinery goes, was the largest dis play ever known. Indeed, agricultural machinery is becoming a science, and it be hoves every country gentleman who takes to farming to include in his staff several engineers and a fitting-shop. In reaping and ploughing, the steam apparatus is marvel Ious, and our great makers, such as Howard, Fowler, and Ransomes, seem to be running a great race as to who slould bring out the greatest number of implements; and so quick do these follow, that what is new this year will be out of date the next. The Viceroy, twho is a great agriculturist, proved as liberal here as at the Crystal Palace, for he bought no less than forty of Howard's steam-ploughs. The show of horses, pigs, and sheep was as good as usual, but people seem to be a little satiated with horse-shows. The arrangements of the Great Eastern Railway were wonderfully good, and if this unfortunate company managed its financial affairs as well as it did its traffic on this oc casion, it would not be where it now is viz., in chancery, from which, if it ever emerges, it will be a very lucky company indeed. This makes about the fourth com pany in actual bankruptcy, and about the twenty- fourth in -difficulties, more or less, nearly all owing to the appointment of irre sponsible directors, who know little or nothing of their business, and who are utterly led by the nose by the secretary, general manager, and engineer. As the necessary sequel to the London, Chatham, and Dover affair, we have Sir Morton Peto in bank ruptcy, and, I should say, not before it was time. When discrepancies of half a mil lion or so arise in the little accounts, it is time that they were looked into; and I fear that not even the honour of being member for Bristol will save the credit of the firm, which in railway matters was a sort of Overend and Gurney. The only other bankruptcy case worth mention is that of the Day, or rather of the publisher of the Day, which came to grief in a very short time, notwithstanding the help of Lords Grosvenor and' Elcho, and the paramount importance of constitutional liberal princi ples. But for my part, I don't believe in constitutional liberalism, or any principles whatever, since the Reform Bill has passed, not only the Commons, but also the Lords. That such a bill has been passed by a con servative ministry will ever be a standing wonder, and it only remains to see the appli cation of it, and watch what a pretty addi tion it will make to the House. At all events, I hope reform agitation is dead and gone for the next thirty years, for it has hin dered everything else, and set people by the ears most horribly. As a matter of course there is an enormous press of business, which will be gabbled through or shoved under the table, for the 12th is approaching, and the Commons must have their grouse. I fear me, though, that the session will be brought to a close before anything is settled about the Abyssinian captives. It will be a lasting stain upon England's honour if even one of the prisoners dies, either by fair or foul means, before we have taken steps to rescue them. Theodore himself seems to be unable to defend his city from his neigh bours, and the time, therefore, is as pro pitious as can be; and surely if private pluck and enterprise can be found to under take such a hopeless task as recovering poor Livingetone, a just government might stir itself more for the sake of a number of her subjects whom we know, as yet, to be alive and in the direst misery. Professor Beesley has been giving the world his sentiments about the Sheffield outrages. I don't know what he is professor of, but I should say of the science of murder, for he has been justi fying that at which all the civilised world is crying shame; and what is worse, justifying it to an audience which wants very little encouragement. ?What a pity it is that men who are clever and educated should so degrade .themselves as to preach such doc trines for the sake of a little popularity. This month has not robbed us of many celebrities by the hand of death, Lord Justice Turner, Sir Wm. Lawrence the sur geon, and Mr. Scholefield, member for Bir mingham, being all that I have to chronicle. Sir. W. Lawrence stuck to his College of Surgeons until the last gasp, and was pro bably the oldest representative of it in the profession. When a young man, he took up some very heretical doctrines and wrote a book about them, which so grieved an old friend that he besought him not to issue it. However, it was too late to prevent the edi tion coming out; whereupon his friend, in his exceeding anxiety, bought the whole of it up and locked it in his cellar, not being able to make up his mind to burn it. But the friend is dead now, and the books have been discovered, and I should not wonder that they were published after all. Fortunately we are not babes in this year of grace, and can stand a tolerably strong meat; so that after Colenso and Essays and Reviews, I don't suppose that the theories of the man of fifty years back would do much to demoralize us. Mrs. Yelverton has turned up again in the House of Lords in the character of Portia, except that she is advocating her own cause instead of anybody else's. Certainly, whether she is right or wrong, her perseverance deserves its re ward, and although there is a strong halo of romance about her, one cannot help pitying the hopeless litigation which it seems her fate to encounter. The Lords have had another knotty point to settle in the Breadal bane peerage, which has again been opposed, but settled for the second time in the present Earl's favour. Uneasy lies the head that wears a crown; and I am sure an earl who has constantly to fight for his earldom may say the same, though I hardly think any body else would be hardy enough to attack his position. Before I quit the subject of society, I must-touch upon a very delicate subject. The English medical press has been getting very officious, and not content with probing our insides, and warning us against eating this or that, it has begun to attack the morals of society, and in particular of the ladies. Now the Lancet says that ladies have taken most awfully to drink that they always carry a little brandy in their dressing-cases, or a small bottle of gin, which they say is a useful thing for cleaning toilette ornaments and such like. The Medical Times says that the ladies have taken to stain their faces with walnut-juice, in deference to a notion that bronze com plexions are the only complexions that a lady can possibly wear. If the Lancet is correct, why all I can say is, that we are in a bad way, even worse than when the three bottle allowance was in vogue, for of all bad habits, that of constantly sipping is the most detestable, and the most easy to acquire. But let us hope that the hint thrown out by the Lancet will be sufficient-that the brandy-flask may be omitted from the feminine travelling equipage, and the gin discarded for benzine-collas, or something equally harmless. Now let us see.what has been going on in the way of music. Nillson has established herself as first favourite, and deservedly so, if it were only for her per formance in Martha, which, to my thinking, is her best. But the great event in operatics has been Gounod's Romeo and Juliet, which was looked forward to with the very greatest interest, considering the success of Faust. A finer subject for lyrical drama there could not be; but it is open to question whether M. Gounod has made the most of it; and although it was put on the stage in the most complete manner, and was listened to by an audience well in clined, I doubt whether it will much enhance the composer's -reputation. The Crystal' Palace benefit concert was a wonderful suc cess, and at least twenty thousand people went to it, showing very plainly that its hold on the music-loving people is neither loose nor ephemeral. Halle has just finished his recitals of Beethoven, of which nothing fairer can be said than that Halle played them in his best style, and as the prices of admission were low, the audiences were correspond ingly large. There have been two novelties in music. One was the reproduction of Herr Schachner's oratorio at Exeter-hall, with the Duchess of Newcastle and Mrs. Ellicott (the Bishop of Gloucester's wife) as solo singers. Of course everybody went, not to hear the oratorio, but the new singers, who, it must be confessed, went through their parts in an almost professional style. The other novelty was the performance of a voice sonata by Mr. Fowler, in which the voice had to sustain the part usually given to a violin or flute. The idea was certainly unique; but it is a great question whether the human voice can sustain the interest of such a long piece as a sonata without be coming unduly monotonous, for beautiful as it is, it cannot compare with the violin in facility and variety of expression. The theatres have been very busy and very full; but there has been nothing particularly new or striking. Indeed the beginning of the end is only too obvious with most of them, which have advertised speedy closings for the season. The French plays are having a great run, and to those who can enter into the subtleties of French dramatic expression there can be no finer treat. The pieces which have been given are open to objection. For instance, Les Idees de Madame Aubray is founded upon a very immoiral phase of society, and yet it seemed to take immensely with the greater portion of the ladies, who, it is fain to be hoped, did not understand one quarter of it. Le Famille Benoiton is coarser, and yet more proper, although I fancy that if it were translated into broad Adelphi English it would scarcely find such favour with a St. James's audience. Lord Dundreary has migrated to the Boulevards, where he is nightly amusing the English and Americans with things "which no fellah can understand;" at all events, the French can't make him out a bit, and Mr. Sothern is perhaps the most incomprehensible actor Ithat ever appeared on the Paris boards. Considering that nobody has had any time to read for the last few weeks, the amount of literature put forth 'is very considerable, more than one of our leading novelists hav ing delivered themselves of a new work. Trollope has finished the Last Chronicle of Basset, for which I for one am very sorry. I shall miss Bishop Prowdie and his wife sadly. Mrs. Riddell has given us Far Above Rubies, which I don't think quite so good as the Race for Wealth. Following the prevailing spirit of the times, she has written this her last work on the subject of Limited Liability, which, it is true, is one that comes to a good many people now-a-days. Miss Thomas, too, has published a new novel, Called to Account, which those who like Miss Thomas will read with approval; and Mr. Grantley Berkeley has been good enough to indulge the literary world with a selection of Anecdotes of the Upper Ten Thousand, as full of bad taste and egotism as most of that gentleman's writings are. I dare say, though, there are plenty of people who will swallow it all and take the writer at his own valuation. Do you want something exquisitely soporific ? If so, read the new poem by Mr. Gilfillan entitled Night, and I will promise you your night will be a good one. It is a grand work, and represents niight in all its different aspects, save one, and that the pleasantest, viz., sleeping through the reading of this poem. For. those who like a really good argumentative work (albeit it is on archaeology), I would recommend Sir James Simpson's book on Archaic Sculpture. It certainly is close reading, but will repay the student, and the subject is so interesting that the techni calities of the work will soon be fogatten. Something in the same style was Professor Piazzi's Life and Works at the Great Pyra mid, which, though written in rather a dis jointed, speculative style, contains a great deal of curious information. For people who are not equal to anything beyond a monthly, two new magazines have been issued-the Broadway, an Anglo-American public?ation, by Messrs. Routledge; and another by Tinsley, called simply Tinsley's Magazine. Singularly enough, the latter is not issued to supply a long recognised want, from which I augur that it will pay, as it is an invariable fact that magazines which have long been a public desideratum are always the first to give up the ghost. Amongst the literary curiosities of the month have been the.sale of Sir Walter Scott's MSS., which fetched £1255 guineas, the highest price being given for the Lady of the Lake; also, that of Sir Thomas Gaye's old books, which produced £4000. Verily. an old liking is worth a great deal more than a new one. I should not forget to state that the Life of the Prince Consort- is advertised, and I am sure that the very name of the royal authoress will cause the work to be received with every respect, -independently of that which belongs to a great and good man. I have taken up so much room with the Sultan and our other celebrities, that I have left no room for sporting matters. Fortu nately there is very little to tell, for Ascot and the Derby are finished, and Goodwood is not commenced, and so there is an hiatus in turf matters. .But there has been no hiatus in cricket, which has been carried on with the most unflagging spirit. Oxford v. Cambridge and Eton v. Harrow, the latter a drawn match, have been the two great, matches of the month; but there has been an absence of great scores such as character; ised the innings of last year, when the Graces were so conspicuous. The highest score that I have seen this year was that of Mr. Lubbock, of 107, in the match between Gentlemen v. Players. There has been a second sale of Middle-park yearlings, thirty five of which fetched 12,630 guineas, or an average of 378 a piece. The highest price was given for Brother to Ostregor, viz., 1500 guineas, and I should not care how large a family I had like him, if all the brothers sold so well. 