A ST RUG 0 DB--FOR LIFE. One morning laat April, as'I was passing through Boston Common, which Ties pleasantly between my residence and ray office, I met a gentleman lounging -along The Mall. 'T am generally pre- occupied when- walking, and often thrid my way through crowded streets without distinctly ob serving a single soul. '-But this man's face forced itself upon me, and a very singular face it was. His eyes were faded, and his hair, which he wore long, was flecked with grey. His hair and eyes, if I may say so, were seventy years 'old, the rest of him not thirty. The youtliful- ness of bis " figure, the elasticity of his gait, and the venerable appearance ''of his head, were in congruities that drew more than one pair of curious eyes towards hira. He was evidently an American — the New England cut of counten ance is unmistakeable — evidently a man who had seen something of. the world ; but strangely old and young. Before reaching' the Park-street gate, I had taken up the thread of thought which he had un consciously broken ; yet throughout the day this old young man, with his -unwrink-led brow and silvered locks, glided -in Tike a phantom between me and my duties. The next morning I again encountered him. on the Mall. He was resting lazily on the green rails, watching two little sloops in distress, which two ragged shipowners had consigned to the mimic perils of »the pond. -The vessels lay be calmed Tn the middle of the ocean, displaying a tantalising- lack of sympathy with the frantic helplessness of - the owners on shore. As the gentleman observed their dilemma a : light came into his faded eyes, then died out, ! leaving them drearier than before. I wondered if he, too, in his time, had sent out ships that drifted and drifted and never came to port ; and if these poor toys were to him types of his own losses. "-I would like To know that man's -story," 'I said, half aloud, halting in one of those winding paths which branch off from the quietness of the pond, and end in the rush and tumult of Tremont-street. "'Would you?" replied a voice at my side. I 'turned and faced Mr. H — , a neighbour of mine, who laughed heartily at finding me talking to myself. " Well," he added reflectingly, " I can tell you this man's story ; and if-you will match the narrative with anytliing-as curious I will be glad to hear it." " You know him then ?" " Yes and no. I happened to be in'Paris when he was 'buried." " Buried ?" " Well, strictly speaking, not buried, but something quite like it. If you've a spare half hour," continued '-my interlocutor, "we'll sit on this bench, and ,1 will 'tell you all I know of an affair that mads some noise in Paris a couple years ago. The. gentleman himself, standing yonder, will -serve as a sort of frontispiece to'the romance — a full-page illustra- tion, as'it were." The following pages contain the story that "Mr. H — related to me. While he was'tellingit a gentle wind arose; the miniature sloops drifted feebly about the ocean ; the wrethhed owners'flew -from point to point, as the deceptive breeze promised'to waft the barks to either -shore ; the early-robins trilled now and then from the newly 'fringed elms; and the old young man leaned on the rail in the sunshine, wearily, little dream ing that two gossips were disoussing his affairs; within twenty yards of him. "Three people were-sitting in a chamber whose -one large window overlooked the Place 'Vendome. M. Dorine, with his back half turned -on -the other two occupants of the apartment was read ing the Moniteau, pausing from time to time to wipe his glasses, and taking scrupulous' pains not to glance towards the -lounge at his right, on which was seated a young American-goutle- man, whose handsome face rather frankly told his position -in'thcfamily. There was not a happier man in Paris that afternoon than Philip Went- wortb. Life had become so precious to him that he shrunk from looking beyond to-day. What could the future add to his full heart ? what might it not take away? .In certain natures the deepest-joy has always a something of melancholy in it, a presentiment, a fleeting sadness, a fedling without a name. Wentworth was conscious -of this subtle shadow that night when he rose from the lounge, and thoughtfully held Julie's hand to his'lips for a moment -before parting. A careless observer would not have thought him, as he was, the happiest man in Paris. M. Dorino laid down his paper and came forward. " If the house," he said, " is such as M. Martin describes it, -I advise you to close with him at once. I would accompany -you, Philip, but tbe truth is, I am too sad at losiDg this little bird to assist you in selecting a cage for her. Remember the last train for town leaves at five. Be sure not to miss it, for we have seats for M. Sardon's new comedy to-morrow night. By to morrow night," be added laughingly, " little Julio here will be an old lady — 'tis such an age from now until then." The next morning the train bore Philip to one of the loveliest spots within thirty miles of Paris. An hour's walk through green lanes brought him to M. Martin's estate. In a kind of a dream tbe young man wandered from room to room, in spected the conservatory, the stables, tbe lawns, the strip of woodland through which a merry brook sang to itself continually; and, after dining with M. Martin, completed the purchase, and turned bis steps towards the station, just in time to catch the express train. As Paris stretched out before him, with its million lights twinkl'mg in the early dusk, and its sharp spires here and there, pricking the sky, it seemed to Philip as if years bad elapsed since he left the city. On reaching Paris be drove to his hotel, wliero he found several letters lying on the table. He did not trouble himself even to glance at their superscriptions as- he threw aside his travelling surtout for a more appropriate dress. If, in his impatience to see Mademoiselle Dorine, the cars had appeared to walk, the fiacre which he had secured at the station ap- peared to creep. At last it turned into the Place Vendome, and drew up beiorn M. Dorin'e's residence. The door opened as Philip's foot touched the first step. The sprvatit silently took his cloak aud hat, with a special defer ence, Philip thought ; but was he not now one of the family ? " M. Dorine," said the servant : slowly, " is unable to see Monsieur at present, lie wishes Monsieur to be shown up to the salon" "Is Mademoiselle — " "Yes, Mon sieur." " Alone ?" . " Alone, Monsieur," re peated the man, looking curiously at Philip, who could scarcely repress an exclamation -of plea sure. It was the first time that such a privilege had been accorded him. His interviews with -Julie had always taken place in the presence of M. Dorine, or some member of -the house hold. A well-bred Parisian girl lias -but a formal acquaintance with her lover. Philip did not linger on the staircase ; his heart sang in his bosom as he flew up the steps two at a time. Ah' ! this wine of air which one drinks at twenty, and seldom after"! He hastened through the softly lighted hall, in which he detected the f.iint scent of her favourite flowers, and stealthily opened the door of the salon. The room was darkened. Underneath the chandelier stood a slim -black- casket on trestles. A lighted candle, a crucifix, and some white flowers were on a table close by. Julie Dorine was dead. When hi. Dorine heard the inde scribable cry that rang through the silent house, be hurried from the library, and found Philip standing like a ghost ii> tho middle of tbe chamber. It was not until -long afterwards- that Went worth learned the details of the calamity that bad befallen hira. On tho previous night Madameoiselle Dorino had retired to her room in seemingly perfect health. Shu dismissed her maid with a request to bo awakened early the next morning. At tho appointed hour the girl entered the chamber. Mademoiselle Dorine was sitting in an arm chair, apparently asleep. Tho candle had burnt down to .the socket ; a book lay half open on tho carpet at her feet. The girl started when she saw that the bed had not been occupied, and that her mistress still .wore an evening dress. It was not slumber, Ut was death. Two messages were at once despatched to Philip, one to the station at G — , the other to his hotel. The: first missed 011 the road, the second he had neglected to open. On bis arrival at M. Dorine's house, the servant, under the supposition that Wentworth had been advised of Mademoiselle Dorine's death, broke the intelli gence with awkward cruelty, l»y showing him directly to tho salon. Mademoiselle Dorine's wealth, her beauty, the suddenness of her death, and the romance that had in Borne way at tached itself to her love for the young American, drew -crowds to witness the funeral ceremonies which -took place iu the church in the Rue d'Aguesseau. The body was to be Taid in M. Dorine' 8- tomb, in the cemetery of Montmartre. This tomb requires a few words of description. First there was a grating of filigraned iron ; through this you looked into a kind of vestibule or hall at the end of which wa3 a massive door of oak opening upon a short flight of stone steps descending into the tomb. The vault was fifteen or twenty feet square, ingeniously ventilated from the ceiling, but unlighted. It contained two sarcophagi ; the first held the remains of Madame Dorine, long since dead ; tho other was new, and bore on one side the letters J. D., in monogram, iuterwoven with fleurs-de-lis. The funeral train stopped at the gate of the small garden that enclosed the place of burial, only the immediate relatives following tho bearers into the tomb. A slender wax candle, suchas is used in Catholic churches, burnt at the foot of the uncovered sarcophagus, casting a dim glow over tbe centre of the apartment, and deepening tbe shadows which seemed to huddle together in the corners. By tbe flickering light the coffin was placed in its granite shell, the heavy slab laid over it reverently, and the oaken door revolved on its rusty hinges, shutting out the uncertain ray of sunshine that had ventured to peep -in on ' the darkness. M. Dorino, muffled in his cloak, threw himself 011 the back -seat of his carriage, too abstracted in his grief to observe that he was the only occupant of the vehicle. There was a sound of wheels grating on the gravelled avenue, and then all was silence again in the cemetery of Montmartre. At the main entrance the carriages parted- company , dashing off into various streets at a pace that s'eemod to express a sense of relief. The burnl plays a dead march going to the grave, but Fra Diavolo coming from it. It is not with tho retreating carriages that our interest lies, Nor yet wholly with tbe dead in her mysterious dream ; but with Philip Wentworth. The rattle of wheels had died out of 'the air when Philip opened his eyes, bewildered, like a man abruptly roused from slumber. He raised himself on one arm and stared into the surrouud- ing blackness. Where wus he? In a second the truth flashed upon him. He had been left in the tomb ! While kneeling on tho farther side of tbe stone box, perhaps be bad fainted, aud in tho last solemn rites bis absence bad been unnoticed. His first emotion was one of natural terror. But tbis passed as quickly as it came. Life bad ceased to be so very precious to bim ; and if it were bis fate to die by Julio's side, was not that the fulfilment of the desire which be bad ex pressed to himself a hundred times that morning ? What did it matter, a few years sooner or later ? He must lay down tbe burden at last. Why not then? A pang of self-reproach followed the thought. Could he so lightly throw aside the love that bad bent over bis cradle. The sacred , name of mother roso involuntarily to his lips. Was it not cowardly to yield np without a struggle the life which be should guard for ber sake ? Was it not bis duty to the living and the dead to face the the difficulties of his position and overcome them if it were within human power? With an organisation as delicate as a woman's be had that spirit which, however sluggish in repose, can leap with a kind of exultation to measure its strength with disaster. The vague fear of the supernatural, that would affect most men in a similar situation, found no room in his heart. He was simply shut in a chamber from which it was necessary he should . obtain release within a given period. ' That this chamber con tained the body of a woman he loved, so far from adding to the terror of the case, was a circum stance from which he drew consslation. She was a beautiful white statue now. Her soul was far hence ; and if that pure spirit could return, would it not be to shield him with her love? -'It, was impossible that the place should not engender some thought of the kind. He did not put the thought entirely from bim as he rose to his feet and stretched out his hands in the darkness ; but his mind was too healthy and practical to indulge lorig in such speculations. Philip chanced to have in his pocket a box of wax-tapers which smokers use. After several ineffectual attempts he succeeded in igniting one against the dank wall, and by its momentary glare perceived that the candle had been left in the t,onib. This would serve him in examining the fastenings of the vault. If he could force the inner door by any means, and reach the grating, of which bo had an indistinct recollection, he might hope to make himself beard. But the oaken door was immovable, as solid as the wall itself, into which it fitted air- tight. Even if he had had the requisite tools, there was no fasten ings to be remove!; the hinges were set on tbe outside. Having ascertained this, he replaced tho candle on tbe floor, and leaned against tbe wall thought- folly, watching the blue fan of flame that wavered to and fro, threatening to detacli itself from the wick. " At all events," be thought, " the place is ventilated." Suddenly Philip sprang forward and extinguished the light. His existence de pended on that candle 1 He had read somewhere, in some account of shipwreck, how tho survivors had -lived for days upon a few candles which one of the passengers bad insanely thrown into the long boct. Aud here be had been burning away his very life. By tho transient illumination of one of the tapers, he looked at his watch. It had stopped at eleven — hut at eleven that day or 011 the proceeding night? The funeral, lie knew, had left the church at trni. How many hours had passed since then ? Of what duration had been his swoon? Alas! it wa- 110 longer jiossible for him to measure those hours which crawl like snails by the wretched, and fly like swallows over the happy. Ho picked up tho candle and seated himself 011 the stone steps. He was a sanguine man, this Wentworth, but, as be weighed the chanpes of his escape, the prospect did not seem enccuraging. Of course be would be missed. His disappear ance under the circumstances would surely alarm his friends ; tliey would instigate a search for him; but who would think of searching for a live mail in tho cemetery of Montmartre"? The prefect of police would sot a hundred intelligences at work to find him ; the Seine mignt be dragged, les miserablos turned over at the dead house ; a minute description of hira would be in every de tective's pocket ; and he — in M. Dorine's family tomb ! Yet, on the other hand,- it was here he was 'ast seen ; from this point a keen detectivo would naturally work up the case. Then might not the undertaker return for tbe candlestick, probably not left with design ? Or, again, might not M. Dorine send fresh wreaths of flowers to take the place of those which diffused a pungent, aro matic odour throughout the chamber? Ah! what unlikely chances ? But if ono of these things did not happen speedily, it had better never happen. How could ho keep life in him self? With unaccelerated pulse he quietly cut the half-burned candle into four equal parts. " To night," he meditated, " I will eat the first of these parts ; to-morrow, the second ; to- morrow even ing, the third ; the next day tho fourth, and then — then I'll wait !" He had taken no breakfast that morning, un less a cup of coffee can be called a breakfast. He had never been very hungry before. He' wus ravenously hungry now. But "he postponed the meal as long as practicable. It must have been mi Iniglit, according to his calculation, when he determined to try the first of his four singular re pasts. Tho bit of white wax was tasteless ; but it served its purpose. His appetite for the time appeased, ho found a new discomfort. The humidity of tho walls, and the wind that crept through tho unseen' ven tilator, chilled him to tbe bone. To keep walk ing was his only resource. A sort of drowsiness, too, occasionally came over him. It took all his will to fight it off. To sleep, ho felt, was to die ; and he had made up his mind to live. Very strange fancies flitted through his head as ho groped up and down the stone floor of the dungeon, feoling his way along tho wall to avoid the sepulcbresr ""''Voices that had loDg been silent spoke words that had long been forgotten ; faces he had known in childhood grew palpable against the dark. His whole life in detail was unrolled before him like a panorama ; the changes of a year, with its burden of love and death, its sweets and its bitternesses, were epitomised' in a single second. The desire to sleep had left him. But the keen hunger came again. It mu3t be near morning now, he mused ; per haps the suu is just gilding the pinnacles and domes of thacity ; or, may lie, a dull, drizzling rain is beating on Paris, sobbing on those mounds above ine. Paris 1 it seems like a dream. Did I ever walk in its gay streets in tbe golden air ? Oh, tho delight and pain and passion of that sweet human life ! Philip became conscious that the gloom, the silence, and the cold were gradually conquering him. The feverish activity of his brain brought 011 a reaction. Ho grew lethargic, he sank down on the steps, and thought of nothing. His hand fell by chance on one of the pieces of candle ; I10 grasped and devoured it mechanically. This re- viveil him. " How strange," lie thought, " that I am not thirsty. Is it possible that the damp ness of the walls, which I must inhale with every breath, has supplied the need of water ? Not a drop has passed my lips for two days, and still I experience no thirst. That drowsiness, thank heaven, lias gone. I thiic I was never wide awake until this hour. It would be an anodyne like poison that could weigh down my eyelids. No doubt the dread of sleep has something to do with this." The minutes were like hours. Now he walked as briskly as he dared up and -down the tomb ; now he rested against the door. . More than ouce he was tempted to throw himself upon the stoue coffin tbat held Julie, and make no further strug gle for bis life. Only one piece of candle re mained. He bad eaten the third portion ; not. to satisfy hunger, but from a precautionary motive. He had taken it as a man takes some disagreeable drug upon the result of which bangs saftey. The time was rapidly approaching when even this poor substitute for nourishment would be ex hausted. He delayed that moment. He gave himself a loDg fast this time. The half-inch of candle which he held in bis hand was a sacred thing to him. It was his last defence against death. At length, with such a sinking at heart as ho had not known before, he raised it to his lips. Then he paused, then he hurled the fraguiert across the tomb, then the oaken door was flung open, and Philip, with dazzled eyes, saw M. Doriine's form sharply defined against the blue sky. When they led bim out, half blinded, into the broad daylight, M. Dorine noticed that Philip's hair, which a short time since was as black as a crow's wing, had actually turned grey in places. The man's eyes, too, had faded; the darkness had spoiled their lustre. " And how long was ha really confined in the tomb ? " I asked, as Mr. II concluded the story. " Just one'houi and twenty minute ! " replied Mr. II smiling blandly. \- As lie spoke, the little sloops, with their sails all blown out like white roses, came floating bravely into the port, and Philip Wi-ntworth lounged by us, wearily, iu tho pleasant April sunshine. Mr. II 'a narrative made a deep impres sion on me. Here was a man who had under- gono a strange ordeal.. Here was a man whose sufferings were unique. Ilis was 110 thread bare experience. Eighty minutes had seemed like-two days to him! If lie had really been inured two days in the tomb, the story, from my point of view, would have lost its tragic element. After this it was but natural I should regard Mr. Wentworth with deepened interest. As I met him from day to day, passing through the Common with that same abstracted air, there was something in his loneliness which touched me. I wondered that I had not before read in his pale meditative fp.ee some such sad history as Mr. II had confided to me. I furmed the resolution of speaking to him, though with what purpose was not very clear to my mind, (hie May morning we met at the intersection of two paths. He courteously halted to allow me the precedence. " Mr. Wentworth," I began, " I — " Ho interrupted me. " My name, sir," ho said, in 1111 off-handed manner, " is Jones." "Jo Jo- Jones ! " I gasped. " Not Jo Jones," I10 return ed, coldly, " Frederick." Mr. Jones, or whatever his name is, will never know, unless he reads theso pages, why a man accosted liiin cne morning as " Mr. Wentworth," and then abruptly rushed down the nenrest path, and disappeaied in the crowd. T->e fact, is, I hud been duped by Mr. II . Mr. II oc casionally contributes a story to the magazines. Ho had actually tried tbe effect of one of his ro mances on me ! My hero, as I subsequently learned, is no hero at all, but a commonplace young man who lias some connection with the building of that pretty granite bridge which will shortly span the crooked little lake in the -Public Garden. When I think of the cool ingenuity and. readi ness with which Mr. II—— built up bis airy fabric on my credulity, I am half inclined to laugh; though I feel not slightly irritated at liaviug been the unresisting victim Of his Biuck Art. 