MUBWKLL BROOK. POLICE COURT, TUESDAT, MAT 14TH, 1867. (Before J. II. Keys, F. Vi. Thrum, and J. Pearce, Esas, J.TVs ) ierence M'Govern, a navvy, charged with obscene language , found guilty, and fined 5s. A second count charged him with resisting the police in the execution of their duty , found guilty, ai_d fined 20s. Andrew Smith, a navtry, charged with assaulting the polioo m the execution of their duly , found guilty, and fined ten shillings. A second connt charged him with destroying «the apprehending constable's coat, and for ti is offence was ordered to pav thirty shillings, in default, fourteen days' imprisonment. A third count charged him with destroying a chair in the look-up Government property. This being a mere accident, the bench dismissed the case. Daniel Gallagher was charged ruth drunkenneas, and fined fivo si Ulinga. SCHOOL OF ARTS-The members of the above held their usual weekly meating on the 9th instant, The following readings and recitations were given, which seemed to gue satisfaction to the audience -" Woliey and Cromwell," by Messrs Breyley and Arnott, " Hiatus and Anthony " by Mr. Hennessey , " Three Warnings," by Mr. Moses, "Himlet and the Ghost," Messrs Brey- ley nnd Thornton, "Bridge of Sighs," Mr. Blain, " Artemus Ward," Mr Campbell, "Lochiel's Warning," Messrs. Campbell and Hennessey. Mr Thornton, as leader of tbe new connell, gave in as subject tor debate, " Free Trade v. Protection," the counoil taking the Bide of free trade. THE WEATHER -Smoe last we wrote we have not had a day quite free from rain. On Saturday afternoon some rather heavy showers fell, and on Sunday afternoon, for about haif an hour, rain fell again in torrents accom- panied by very vivid lightning and one ratber heavy clap of thunder, after whioh showers fell at lutorvals all the evening. We never ramember to have hoard heavier rain than fell about midnight on Sunday, for about twenty minutes it was a perfect deluge giving one the idea that each drop must be a bnokot full, a very heavy wind was blowing at the same time. Mondar morning proved warm and fine, with not a sign of the heavy rain, except that it had left the hills and roads remarkably clean and dry. Monday and Tuesday slight showers fell, and to-day again rather heavier, this even- ing there is a frosty feel. May 15th, 1867._ 