COUNTRY NEWS. [From our Country Correspondents.] BLANCHETOWN, FEB 12. Yesterday a [?] dost storm passed over here, after which we had splendid rain, em- <*> tinning to Call steadily up to 12 p.m. This morning our scanty vegetation looks Rally beaoufol—Mr Kwens v fast striving at the cuwplctiuo of liv new premises, which, if re port speaks tru«, will shortly be opened as sat liot-1. -Tlie river is falling nqiidly, hiving gone <lutrn bojiic five fuet daring tbc last week or ?*o. Tff itcatuen appear to be taking «m -i.;. aii-1 j,«-ttiu*: op stream with fall cargoes •rhOe they cm. preparatory to a rosfc. — People hero aic asking why the money already voted fur C j itomHoa*e is not expended. I believe it «v voted seven! yean back, since winch time it appears to have sank into oblhkm. Oar member* wimld do <v a great Mrvioe by en quiring into the matter. VIRGINIA, Feb. 13. A meeting of members in connection with the Catholic Library was held in the schoolroom on the 9th instant, for the purpose of ejecting a Committee of Management for the present year, and Mr. L. Hewitt (retiring President) occapied the chair. The Secretary then read the balance sheet of the past year, which was very satisfac tory, leaving a balance of £3 12a. 3d. to the credit of the food. The following gentlemen were then elected as the Committee of Manage ment :—Messrs. 3. Nash, P. Hewett, T. For lestaQ, M. Spain, aad F. Dandon. The ejec tion of President, Treasurer, Secretary, sad Librarian was postponed to ttm next meeting. —A meeting of gentlemen interested in the Virginia Annual Baees was held at (he Wheat sheaf on Monday evening. Mr. John. Saint was voted to the chair. The Chairman re marked that there was a meeting held there about a month since, and he acted as Chairman to that meeting, bat arctunKtances at that time were not favorable for toe formation of s Basing dob, so that meeting was then con sidered a preliminary one. Mr. J. Nash said, the last meeting was called by advertisement, of which he was the convener, aad as some of our influential townsmen were unavoidably absent, they considered it expedient to post pone the meeting, and to call s future one. tie was glad to see so many of the leading men of the township taking such s prominent part, and was sore that the forthcoming race meeting I wonld prove a great success, as hitherto little energy had been erincnJ in the sportzag community of the district, and as the. publicans were chiefly the promoters of tbc previous nee meetings. Mr. F. Saint proposed "That it is the opinion of this meeting that s Racing dob be bow formed, for the purpose of poshing forward sod providing funds necessary for the forthcoming t annual races." Mr. J. Brash*w felt great pleasure in seconding the proposition, and from what he could see, he felt confident that there would be good racing, as the interest that meeting was taking in the matter was good proof that everything would be carried out most j efficiently, and that good inducement wonld be offered to bring cot good horses. The Chairman pot the proposition, which was carried unani mously. The following gentlemen wen then appointed a Racing Clnb:—Messrs. P. Saint. J. Nash, C. Smith, 3. Saint, andG. W. Brashaw, witll power to add to their number. Mr. J. Nash was then unanimously elected Hon. Sec, after which a conversation arose as to the propriety of electing President, Vice-President, and Treasurer, at the present; which it was eventually decided to postpone to the next meet ing of the Club. A subscription-list was then opened, which in a few minutes amounted to £18 19s. 6d- lists were then given to each member of Committee, as also to Hessn. W. Mallyou and C. Gnidera, landlords of the respec tive hotels. A flog^estion was then made for the Club to communicate with the owner of the lar^e section adjacent to the Virginia Bridge for permission to hold their race meeting. A vote of thanks was then proposed to the Press in very eulogistic terms, which was responded to by the local representatives present. A vote of thanks to the Chairman, which was duly acknowledged, closed the proceedings. MEADOWS, Feb. 12. [From an occasional Correspondent.] Last night the Meadows was enlivened by a very good entertainment given by the Victorian MlnstreU, one of our worthy Inhabitants being voted to the chair. After sundry quips and quirks about the Meadows mfllers, and others belonging to the place, the performance began, and it certainly was carried oat is excellent style. Amongst those who patronised the entertainment we notic&l; oar worthy Unner, Sir. Goble, and sundry other notable inhabi tants. The entertainment was well patronised, and mart have been a wry good spec for the per form rs. The performance woundup with d?nc i-.g, -which was kept up untfl Sol appeared above the horizon, when everybody dispersed, anpa fiudy very much pleased with the evening's s nnsement, and we only hope that we may have the pleasure of soon seeing the Victorian Min strels again. lam e-?rry to say that the driver and guard of our Meadow* mail must have spent a very sleepless oi^ht.—l sia aim worry t? say that our worthy miller met with an accident the day before yesterday, having oaoght bis htnd in one of the bands, and also in jumping into one of the bins be unfortunately sprained his foot. —Another accident also happened yes trrdiy. Mr. HcMamVy onforttmatety seriously injured his foot, while engineering in the m nloy of W. Mafl, Ks -.—A great loss was •** ta:ned by Mr. Woodgate last Friday, by a va'oabtehorse snd-tenly "giving op the ghost." —Our school goes no furtb<>r at present, a cause of grief to those eoaples who have chSdien to educate. _^,^__ — ,..„ 