ClIArTER XLII. AMY FEARS SHE AVILL BE DRIVEN* TO HATE OR TO LOVE HER Sl'ITOR. ] Amy <liil not accompany her brother, slie j avas otherwise disposed of at Lady Gower's j country house. Her aunt was kind to her, I and on the whole life was easier to her there ; than at Stanmore; hut still Lady Gower j kept a vigilant eye oil the detrimentals, and i took care that Hiss .Staunton should he cou ! sidered hooked for Darlington Castle for life. , A little passing attentiou she did receive, ' but, as the earl established himself at his | kinswoman's and was always at Amy's ! service, there was no opportunity for anyone ' to proceed further. She never expressed a wish or a fancy that lie was not ready to gratify—not eagerly or officiously, but by a ' sort of ijuiet intuition. All his experience . with women of every different kind was j brought to bear on the girl he had determined ; to win. He could be gay and he could be i grave; he could be talkative and he could be silent; ho couhl use her brother's or her aunt's authority whenever it suited his pur poses ; and he could override 1 >oth if there ' : was any chance of giving any pleasure that could call forth her gratitude. Thus a subtle net was thrown round her by a skilful hand, and, although Amy tohl herself several times j a day that she was perfectly free, Lord Dar ! lington was counting the days that would ! elapse before he should call her liis own. i As none of the gentlemen whom she met ' at Lady Gower's had fallen in love with her, they dill not see (as Louis Hammond had ' done) the great sacrifice of such a marriage. I True, bliss Staunton was young and pretty ; but she hail been brought up in great poverty, and was altogether dependent on , her brother's goodwill, and he was not always pleasant. JJesides, he was going to be married, and it was quite possible that Stanmore would not be so comfortable for , her then. If Darlington was old, he was certainly very devoted, he had an easy manner and a fair temper; the hopeless state of his only son made the prospects of the second xvife more brilliant, and certainly the manner in which he carried this affair in hand deserved some reward. The game he : played was an interesting one hut at the same time a fatiguing one. ]S*ot only had he , to keep all his good qualities full in view, ' but lie had to repress much that was natural ; and habitual to him when in Amy's company —ami in Amy's company he elected to be for most hours of the day. Whether his valet or his groom ever suffered for the strain he pin upon himself we cannot exactly say, but it is likely that they did, and that thev , wished this unnatural state of things to come to an end, and that the girl whom lie now studied, and bore with, and dressed, for ami thought for, might ha transformed into the v lfo who must take her share with others and learn to boar with him a little. Her greatest trouble at this time was from the tone of the letters she received from Anthony and Lucy. Being so happv in themselves, they might have spared a little of their sunshine for her; hat there was a . baidncss and an egotism in all they wrote ' that fell chilly upon her heart. She could not help telling Lord Darlington how hurt and disappointed she felt. He smiled as he answered, Vou must not expect your brother and his fiancee to lie above the common weak nesses of humanity. Successful love is not apt to make people more affectionate or for bearing with others, whatever unsuccessful lo\ e may do, ' said Lord Darlington, with a little sigh. «\ou should have known ere tuis how tiresome lovers are." "I '1° n°t mind their lieing tiresome; but they both w rite as if I had given them some fresh cause to be offended, now I have tried to phase Anthony ns much as I could. I should have gone with him to Helton if he had wished it, but lie chose that 1 should come to (.on er s Court. And Lucy says some thing about my not being open, which I am sure I do not deserve from her." "I fear that you will find the future Mrs. Derrick very trying to live with. Is there no possibility of breaking this affair off f n°» nor would I really wish it. They really like each other, ami, as you sav, they suit each other. But neither of them care about me, and it seems terrible to live in a house with people who do not love me, and to w horn I cau be of no use whatever. That is one misfortune of people being rich, there is nothing that I can do for Anthony tnat can reconcile him to my opposing him m one thing that he set his heart on. I fear that he will grow to dislike and even to hate me if we are to live always together; and Lucy thinks as he thinks and feels as he feels. In this country there is no one on whom I have any claim. My sister and her aunt never looked on me as belonrino to them, and if I were to break with Anthony I fear Lady Gower too would cast me off bo I am trying to cultivate myself a little at odd hours, and then I can tell Anthony that 1 mean to take a situation so that I can b° independent. That is to say if he will con tinue so constantly to harp on tliis jarring string r speak to yon, my lord, because though it is about you my brother feels so much offended with me and although you have far more reason to he displeased than he has you are more reasonable—you are too generous to add to my perplexities. You know tnat if I could rightlv lie to you what you wish, I should consent, bat it would be a hollow and a cruel gift with my present feelings. If Anthony saw that I was deter mined, and that I would go out as a governess if he did not give up persecuting me, he would surely yield. I have yielded to him in many tilings and it has done me no good, and 1 must make a stand now. I owe some thing to myself as well as to him." And Amy drew herself up, and never looked more beautiful; and the earl never felt less inclined to give her up. This was a very desperate step that she threatened, for Derrick in his pique and anger at such a pro posal was as likely to pay her passage hack to Australia as to give in, and then she was lost to him for ever. But Anthony Derrick would never allow his sister to take a situa tion in England, and Lord Darlington could not endure the idea of it himself. ''lie surely can do better for you than that as a threat for Mr. Derrick, because he believe that you are in earnest." * * piake him believe that I am in earnest, ■ said Amy, impetuous^'. " As for being a governess, I have been one already, 1111 y -ls n°toing so very dreadful." " Not at the antipodes, perhaps, where all your homely employers looked on you as their superior. It is not likely that an Eng lish family wall find out that a salaried dependent is not an inferior.". And am not I a salaried dependent with Anthony. Is there anything that he has given me—an ornament, or a book, or a quarterly allowance out of his wealth—that he does not think should chain me down to see wnth his eyes, to think with his thoughts to acknowledge no will but his ? Oh! let me get twenty pounds a year and feel that I have fairly earned it, and that I am not a slave • Mamma was persuaded to do what was w-rong because she did not know of anythiiw else to do. Aow I can see my duty, and I am than,dnl for what you call my adversities because tkey have opened my eyes " Lord Darlington had never been seriously ?w"i °re" 3e was iuitc capable now that she was m this mood of taking a situa tion or ,.f writing to Allan Lindsay, which 5° _e Ayor.se. Anthony would never her^f i !J)Un.r\er™° s'llkiness driving her so far, and the idea of Lucy Evans, who f ^eat S»°'1 fortune to Amy riorito ^ iea,i' such aire of supe rmini ? . to'ficrmusuess to her cousin thhto« „ , ,° f 3ndjoT;itlon- Had these Sri milfi favourably for Lis suit, the Ye for«iveu them, but thev <lid 5~=ut'ini ~»<w "I am sure," said he, "that if your you tlmt ^ t0 h\ se™usly displeased with wouM 3°"r sister Mtss derrick's heart would warm to you. hnt lIt^ °'ll<i|J10-t 1>e keeause she loves me, but because she is piqued at Anthony; ami I am tired of homes without love. Oil ' if I could only get back to that old home in street _ with papa and mamma, and to old But that, alas ! you cannot do; you must make the best ot your present opportunities; DerrickTJ,n™i 1-d° not ^k Mr. Derrick could believe m this governess scheme, and I do not like it." nS*lat' "plor^ P'lld y°u 11(>t go away and it staj always where I am so constantly iIeoide tl'1"k that you care for me •<" earl ^ fwl' yoU echoed tile 1 < :1U ? ')U I1,"t 8° to Anthony and say to lum what you have said to me, that you will not prosecute a suit that makes me unjumm but that you will always be frien.Uy with the family, for that is what Anthony and Lucy think most of. Offer him Darlington Castle for his honeymoon, 1 know you are not goiim there at Ilinstmas, so you can do th d witho t auy ,iiice TaJe ^ do Hint o. to lionie and try to forget that yon ever ^ ' t,1".u"llts about me, because, though Lof , il l ~S° VCry har'f-to recollect how eon T f f Ty°i! arc aml Jloxv much I owe JOU 1 fear if I am pressed so cruelly by my 7"hl W that I shall grow- to hate to be -iW-Tl f g!''C y°? 80 much pleasure t ' ,1!e that y°il should risk that said Amy, weeping. "I never thought tW T C Late anybody, but now I believe cruel." a!U yrr0Wmk' vc,y and very The earl was relieved by tlie sight of her sodot naid>aS, ?r f'e weej) than be Mm Tr fS f°r her thl'°at of bating him, that was only a hgure of speech. A,my'" said he> after she had cahue.1 down a little, "did you have any lettere from Australia this mouth ?" MrsVv <lt,d Il0,t' "Lieh surprises me, as " i - '-i0' ' "pelaiid says they are all well, for me " I>reSSiOU 18 that th°r° wuro IcttLTS "Perhaps they wore too late for the mail" suggested Lord Darlington. ■ 7'r"aV'S,,1<d llke!yy said Amy. "C'olo * a< v'1'1';? d<,li t make that iiiistake." »< letters are sent oil here, 1 suppose''" I have so few letters that 1 do not know.' 1 lift\o misused no .d <lU f'ave not yet got into the voluminous coi rtS|ii uidenee which young ladies in En« Wfoftmil."001' VV: 11 terribk' «f o-hS'i1' -I5iy- 1 am in earnest aliout uhat I said, said Amy, who saw that the topics "*' tUFU luiud 10 general , cr5" 1 understand mv part. I saal go away at once to Briton and see your ( brother, and offer him Darlington Castle,'and . then go to Pans and try to forget you. That is my lesson, and 3-011 are 011I3- to promise J not to hate me any more than yUu do at this moment. Tins Amypromisedwithsome self-reproach • t-he ihd not feel that she hated him at alL indeed she was sometimes almost frightened to think how much she liked her friend. Ihe bitterness of the letters from Anthony and Lucy had L.;. 11 occasioned b\\- a circum stauce which neither of them had alluded to. Mr. Derrick had left orders that all letters for the Hall should he sent on to Bel ton, as it was possible Mis3 Staunton might not coa tiuue to stay at (lower's Court, hut might visit other friends, and he could send them on. When the Australian letter came into Ins hands his curiosity was strongly a wakened. Lucy, too, had au intense desire to know what relations Amy held with her antipodean correspondent, and she had always main tained, sinee Lord Darlington had had liis answer, that Allan Lindsay must he a lover. If the letter ha l given way in their hands it would have been a good thing, bnt the envelope was strong and well-gummed. Still they handled the letter a good deal, and at last worked each other up to a feeling that it was very wrong in Amy having a correspon dence with one of the opposite sex which she kept from her brother, her rightful guardian; ami, as a matter of painful but solemn duty, Anthony at last opened the letter. The event they considered justilied the step they took, for they discovered that Allan Lindsay had hopes, though not such strong hopes as ho had expressed in the letter on which Amy had taken Lord Darlington's advice. The familiarity of his tone towards Amy, and the minute details which he gave of all the people and things about Brauxholm aroused their scorn and indignation. They assured I each other that they had done rightly in opening this letter and discovering how the | land lay; hut they did not forward it to its 1 proper owner or allude to its having come : into their possession. Anthony wrote what | Lucy thought a very spirited letter to Allan, i as if he had learned his presumption from ; Amy herself. And although they were very ; hard on Amy for her want of openness, they j took gooil care to conceal the source of the : present accusation. Mr. Derrick and Lucy : were puzzled as to whether their discovery ! should be revealed to tbe earl, but feared it would make him abandon a suit that they I were very desirous he should continue, j While thus debating in the intervals of j their lover's talk, the unexpected arrival of Lord Darlington with his smiling countenance, with his congratulations to all and sundry on j the auspicious coming event, his offers of ' personal service as groomsman at the • marriage, and of Darlington Oastle for the honeymoon, convinced them that all was well and that there was no need to mention Allan Lindsay's letter. 