NEW WESLEYAN CHAPEL, WAL LAROO MINES. On Monday, 4tli instant, the foundation stone of a new Wesleyan Chapel was laid at Wallaroo mines. Long before the time for commencing a large number of persons assembled at the appointed place. At half past three precisely the Rev. G. W. Patchell gave out the 737th hymn, which was heartily sung by the large congregation. Then the Rev. «fohn Greer read the 132nd Psalm, and Dr Wilkinson engaged in prayer. After prayer, the Rev. G. W. Patchell announced that the bottle which was about to be placed under the foundation-stone, con tained a copy of the 1 South Australian Maga zine,' a copy of the Wallaroo Times, a Plan of the Circuit, the current coin of the realm, and (he following record, neatly written on .parchment:—" The foundation-stone of this Wesleyan Methodist Church, Wallaroo Mines, 'wad laid by Mrs Patchell (wife of the Rev. ©L W. Patchell^ on the fourth day of February, 1867, being the thirtieth year of the reign of \- Her Most Gracious Majesty Queen Victoria; Sir Dominic Daly Governor of South Aus tralia ; the Rev. Henry H. Gaud, President .of the Wesleyan Methodist Australasian Con ference ; Rev. John Watsford Chairman of the South Australian District, Rev. G. W. Patchell Superintendent of the Wallaroo Circuit, with Rev. John Greer as his colleague ; Messrs Jolly and Dr Wilkinson Circuit rB|ewi^rds; Mr George Truscott Treasurer, ItadMr Tippett Secretary of Trustees.—God save the Queen P ; J After . the reading of this record, the Tr«98ur<r presented Mrs Patchell with a surely-executed copper trowel, on which was the inscription Presented to Mrs Patchell by tbe trustees of the Wesleyan Chapel, Wallaroo Mines, on the occasion of her laying the foundation-stone of their new chapel/' Mrs patchell then took a portion of the /pprt||r, ^nd soon had the stone laid in its |lelltJ|ied place. Then the Secretary handed Patchell a beautiful cedar mallet* and having received ii she turned to the assembly sad said—" 3&y; dear .Christian friends,it-gives uae g^eat pleasure to be here to day. I con gratulate you on your prosperity, and thank ydtt $6r the honor you have conferred upon roe. I now lay this stone (striking it three times with the mallet) in the name of the leather and of the-Son and of the Holy Ghost; jMtd I pray God that the house to be erected on this foundation may be the birth-place of thousands upon thousand of souls. Amen." ; Rev. G. W. Patchell then delivered an f dress, in which he reviewed the dark ages; e parents, training, education and conver sion of Rev. John Wesley; the rise and extension of Methodism, and its present pros perous condition on every continent and many of the Islands of the globe. He read the rules of the Society, and referred to the doctrines which would be preached in their new chapel, entering particularly into the great object of tbe Wesleyan ministry, the turning of men from sin to heliness, from Satan to God. He fur'tber explained the state of this circuit, showing that there are four large chapels, stone buildings, and soon there would be a fifththat there are nearly 500 members in society; 2,000 hearers, and more than 700 children in Sabbath schools. He closed his address by stating that, notwithstanding all which may be said or written against them, they were what they have always been—w The friends of all—the enemies of none." The trustees returned their hearty thanks to Captain Dunstan, of Wallaroo Mines, for all his kind attentions in the matter, and also to Captain Jones, of the Smelting Works, for the copper trowel with which he gratuitously presented them. At 5: o'clock there was a public tea in the old chapel, at which the ladies efficiently pre sided—all were well satisfied. At f o'clock a public meeting was held, in which Dr Wilkinson and Revd. John Greer delivered instructive and effective speeches. Totes of thanks were unanimously passed to .the band, the ladies, the chairman, and to all whip had assisted in these interesting services. The amount realized at these services, with the previous subscriptions, including Mrs Patchell's donation of £5 at the foundation stone, was £136. 