SEA SPRAY AND SMOKE DRIFT. Dy the Author ofAshtaroth." Melbourne : Gt-orge Kobtrtson. Thero nover was a time, perhnpo, when thero wero 10 many versifiers and so few poets, as at the present day. It is right to add, however, that numbers of those who only pass for versifiers now, would have been accepted as poets. a century ogo# ludeod, ono has only to turn up any collective edition cf tho British poets, in order to perccivo how vory modest was the standard of excellence set up by thoso who edited ?uch col)euttoi>e for the instruction and delectation of our great- grandfather? nnd great-grandmother. Tno Bromrs, the Pi ts, tho Ynldens, the Dyer?, I ho Armstrongs, and tbo Phillipso, whom Johnson and Chalmers recogn'scd as worthy of a plsco upon the mus-fr roll of our nitionnl poets, would not bo admitted among the dii mini rot of onr own time. Even Soulh'y i? pooh-poohed. Cowpcr undervalued, ond Crabbe neglected. Wo hovo grown fastidious and cxigeant, A generation whioh is familiar with Byron, Wordsworth, ShoIIcy, Keals, Moore, Tennyson, and the Brownings ; not to speak of Scott, Rogers, Campbell, Ingelow aud Swinburne, and fifty lesser luminaries, has acquired tho right to be duinty in tia (nates onu critical in its judg ments. Everv-day faro will not satisfy our literary oppetites. Consequently, when a now writer prcients himsclt for examination, wo &ro; opt to bo rather particular about hia credentials, and to hesitate about endorsing his tillo to admission within tho privileged circlo of tho poets. It was iu this icrupuloua spirit that wo addressed ourselves to the critical perusal of tho vlender volume before us. The titlo wab fanciful, wo bad never heard either of "Ashtarctli" or of its author; ond although tbo writer of this review had hern informed that Borao of the vers? now reprinted bud originally appeared in Bell's JAfct he tan truly aver that he had norer iccn thein, und neither knew the name nor tho person of tho writer. Consequently we a-it down to tbo book in a porfectly unbiaiacd frame of mind ; or, If not unbiassed, with u eort of belief that we v.crc about to ondurc for tho fiftieth time tho crudo experiments in verse cf somo unfledgod poetaster, who had set up for a genius on tho strength of his being able to leg somo posaablo rhymes in six and tight. After reading two or three starzas cf tbo first poem, however, wo became intonated in it. Tnero was no mis taking the distinctive impress of tho gentleman and scholar; and, as we read on, wo diico verod that not only did ho possess an e&r; attuned to rhythm, but that his language had a lyrical How, and his epithets a picturesque- xices and vigour, as charming as unexpected. Ho describes with un animation, a vividness, and a force and fcheity «f diction which show that ho ha 3 been accustomed, like Bossuet, to flight his lamp at (be sun" of Homer. Thero is. in foot, the true Homeric ring in tho two fallowing verses: — "Swift assault and sudden (ally Underneath tlie Trojan wall; Charge, and countercharge, and ral'y. War-cry loud nnd trumpet call ; Doubtful strain of dc?p rate battle, Cutund thrust aud urapplctlcrou. Swords that ring ou shields thut rattle, Blu les that trash aud darts thut plcrco ;— 44 1 have done with these lor ever ; By (he l.md resounding sea, Where the reedy juv Hub quiver. There is now no pluce for me. Day by day our ranks diminish, Wc are fulling day by day; But our sons the strife will finlHb. Where man tarries, man must slay." In contrast with these resonant and spirited verees, lot us quote those iw which tho dying warrior addrrssea himself to Brians. It is surely unncepfissTy to point out tho tondorneas of feeling which breathes through them:— 13. 44 Dry those violet orbs thnt glisten, Darling, I have had my day: Dace your hand In mine and llslcn, Ere the strong soul cleaves its way Through tlie denth mist hovering o'er mc, As the stout ship cleaves the wave, To my father., gone before me. To the gods who love the brave! 14. " Courage, we must part for certain ; bhndes that sink and simdes that rise, Blending in a shroud-like curtain, Gather o'er these weary eyes. O'er tlie fields we use;! to roum, In Brighter days And lighter cheer. Gathers thus the quiet gloaming,— Now, I wceu the cud Is near. 16\. . , " For tlie hand thnt clasps your fingers. Closing In the death-grip tight. Scarcely feels the warmth that lingers. Scarcely heed: the pressure light ; While the falling pulse that n'ti-rs, Changing 'ne.tib si dentil-chill damp. Flickers, (luttera, dags, and miters, Feebly, llku u uniting l.uup. 16. 44 Thlnkst thou, love, 'twill chafe my ghost, In Hades' realm where heroes shine, Should I hear the shepherd boasting To his Argtre concubine? . Let him boast, the girlish victor. Let him brag; not thus, f trow, Were tho laurels toru from llector, Not so very long ago. 17- 41 Does my voice sound thick and husky ? Is my hand no longer warm? Rouod thut neck where pearls look dnsky Let nic oucu more wind my arm ; Rest my heud upon that shoulder, Where it rested oft ol yore ; Warm and white, yet seeming colder Now than e'er it sccin'd before. Tie wbel© scceo i? brought visibly before iho ey?e of. the toador; AchilttB raising himself pdnfully from his coueh gazing into tbo eye of Briteis with tho yearning lotk of one from whoso eyes overything arrnnd him is rapidly fading away, nnd oling- 5nj with a passional© tenacity to tho heart Uriovcs, while' he U drifting out of life ; 44 And his spirit seems lo roll With tlie tide of swift Seam.mder, Rushing to a viewless goal." Ye oan even forgive tho Bomcwhat redundant alteration at tho end of tho fifcenth ataczs, boause each vorb is so well chosen, and do- B-rihoi with such technical accuruoy Iho vacil- lting aotion of tho foiling pubo. Tho verses otitled" Gone," commemorative of Ibosplondid aploifc cf 0Erara Burke, although they bavo lot tho sustained power which distinguishoo tio poem wahave just quoted from, contain omo fine quotrnint. Hero is cno which do )icts tho arid interior of Australia by a few decisive touches What matters tho sand or tho whitening chalk, Tiic blighted herbage, the black ning log, Tho crooked beak of the oaglehnwk. Or the hot red tongue of the native dog?" Tbo elements of tho picture uro few and simple ; but, if wo substiuito " blinding " for " whiten ing " clmllc, nothing is wanting to its oom pletcneis— the glare of tho weary plain, its mn-burnt surface, unbroken by any object but pmo fragments of ohr.rrcd limber, or u gaunt nd thirsty dingo, and (lie only speck upon tho zy a bird of proy waiting to s»oop down upon j quarry. Tho author of "S. a Spray ond Smoke Drift " is never turgid or pretentious, mere is no fine writing in this volume. Ho adontly knows that Btrength ond 6wcotncsB &> perfectly compatible with s:mplicity, ond 1 makes a copious use uf monosyllables, t rein following tho example of somo of our g atest poets It ie, to our thinking, not the 1<3& merit of tho verses subjoined that nearly 0 ren-twelfths of the words employed aro vds of ono svllible : — 44 'Rh the pistol clenched In his falling hand, With the death mist spread o'er his fading eyes, c baw the sun go down on the Hand, And hu slept, and never saw it rise ; 'was well; lie toiled till his task was done. Constant aud enhn iu his Litest throe, to storm waH weathered, (he battle was won. When hewent, my friends, wherewc allniustgo 44 pd grant that whenever, soon or late, Our course is run, and our go vl is reach 'd, to may meet our fate as steady and straight. As he whose bones iu you desert blcuch'd ; d tears arc needed— our cheeks are dry. We have none to waste upon living woe ; all wcslgh for one who lias ceased to sigh, . laving gone, my friends, where wc au must go ?' I: narrarivoo of tporting adventure, our a tor is especially at homo. They might li i been written in tho ceridlo, undor the it ediate inspiration of n briSlrent burst, asd a the exhilarating ic/luencea of an exciting C )p. Tho poem enti«leduBy Flood and J d" will not suffer by comparison with 1 orfc Browning's " How I hoy bruaght tho gl news from > Ihent> to Ajx and is hs good adto beet of Mr. Thornbury'n u Songs of t Cavalie s and Roundheads while tho ex 1 1 from "Lex Tslionis," citod below abowa t strong grasp which thu writer's imagination 1 on the salient points of tho scene which \- 1 Irecribcfl with such conciss force and vivid I ureiqueaee? : — 4 1 1 lriend, did you thiuk when the 4 London ' sank, imbcr by timber, phnl; by plank, In u cauldron of boiling sun; How alone at least, with never a flinch, In a rally contested Inch by Inch, You could fall on the trampled Inrf ? When a livid wall of the sea leaps high, In the lurid light ot n leaden sky, And bursts ou the quarter railing ; While the howling (dorm-gust seems to vie >Vith the crash of spllutor d beams that fly. Yet fails too oft to smother the cry Of women and children wailing ? Then those wholUteniu sinking ships, To despairing sobs from their loved one's lips, Where tho green wave thus slowly shatters, May long for thu crescent claw that rips The bison Into ribbons and strips, And fours the strong elk to tatters." In tho 41 Rippling Water" and tin "Sunlight on (ho Sea" tho tamo effective uso has been mado of a roothirg or of a eoleinn refrain, which Mrs. Browning retorted to in the "Bhymo of tho Ducheta May." Tbo second of tho two lyrics we have named is one of the beet in tho volume, both as regards form and lubetance. It has for its subordinato title 11 The Philosophy of n Feast," und purports to bo addressed by a reveller to his comrades while tho sun is dropping down behind tho ica, and " tho lights arc growing dim," and the melan choly glooming brings with it sad and tendar thoughts of the absent nnd thoriead, alternating with Hashes of irerrixient and transitory efforts to banish tho sombre reflections which obtrude themselves perforce upou tho speaker's mind. Here aud thero we slight upon a thought, or come upon an expression worthy of tho author of " In Memoriam," us iu tbo following stanzas " I ntiso the form of one I know— (The sunlight waocs upon the sea) 'TIh not ho very Jong ago ; We drank hit health with three timcs-thrcc, And we were gay when he was here ; And he Is gone and we are gay. IV here has he gone ? or far or near ? Good HOotli, 'twere somewhat hard to say. You glance aside, you doubtless think My homily a foolish whim, 'Twill soon be ended, rat and drink, The lights are growing dim. 41 The fruit Is ripe, the wine is red. (l'lic suulight fades upou the sua) To us the absent are the dead, The dead to us must ubsent be. We, too, the absent ranka must join ; Ahd friends will cunsureaud forget : There s metal base lu every coin ; Men vauish, leaving traces yet Of evil, and of good behind, Since false notes taint the skylark's hymn, And dross stiff lurks In gold refined— The lights are growing dim. 14 We cat or drink or e'er we die, (The sunlight Hashes on the sea) Three hundred soldiers feasted high An hour boforo Therinopyla ; Leonidnspour'd out tlie wine And shouted ere he Uruiu'd the cup, " Jlo J comrades, let us gaily dine - This night with Ffuto wc shall sup And if they leun't upon arced. And If their reed was slight and slim. There's somethinggood in Spartan creed, llie lights arc growing dim. 41 Make merry, comrades, eat and drink, (The sunlight Hashes on the sea) My Hpiritis rejoiced to thiuk That even as they were so are we ; ?£, y ns, wire mortals vain, 0 ?'AVCB toearthly passion wild, Who slept with heaps of Persians slain For winding sheets around tbcm piled. The dead men s deeds are firing still— My Festive speech is somewhat grim— Their qood obliterates their ill, The lights aro growing dim. " TO-oat nnd drink, wc come and go, (The sunlight dies upon the sea) I speak lu riddles. Is it so? My riddles need not mar your gleo ; Fori will neither bid you share My thoughts, nor wilt I bid vou shnn. Though I should sec in yonder chair. Th1 Egyptian's muilled skeleton. One toast with me, your glasses fill. Aye, fill them level with the brhu, Dc mortuis, nisi borunn, nilt - The lights nre growing dim," Whether hu describee the tumult of Btrife, tho impetuosity oi tbe these, tho reposo of sculp turc (ob in "Bellona"), or translated into verso the latigueage of too pencil (as in "Delilah") the author of tueso poems is rarely careless and nevor weak. Ilnw graphic and compact is this picture of tho goddess of war : — " Thou art moulded In marble impasnlve, False goddess, fair Rtntue of strife, Yet Blandest on pedestal iuukbIvc, A symbol and token of life. Thou art still, not with stillness of langour, And enhu. not with cairn boding rest ; For thine Is all wrath and all anger That throbs far and near In the breast Of man, by thy presence posscss'd. " With tlie brow of a fallen archangel, The fins ol a beautiful fiend. And locks thnt arc snnkc-fiketo strangle. And eyes from whose depths may bu gleau'd Tlie presence ot passions, that trcmblo Unbidden, yet shine as they may Through features too proud to dissemble. Too cold and too calm to betray Their sccrcto to crculurcB of clay." Hero is a companion piece, descriptive of Samson iu tbo toils of Delilah : — 44 Oh ! fork't-tonguc of adder, by her pent In Hiuooth lfonl-oli. Sybarite blind I Oh, woman allied to the serpent 1 Oh, beauty with venom combined! Ob, might overcoming the mighty ! Oh, glory departing ! oh, shame ! Ol), nltur of false Aphrodite, What strength is consumed in thy flame ! " Strong chest, where her drapery rustics. Strong limbs by her black tresses hid; Not alone by the might of yourmusclcs, Yon lion was rent like a kid ! The valour lrom virtue that suudcrs Is reft of its nobler part ; Ami Lancelot's arm may work wonders, But braver is Galuhuu's heart." As a writer of de soeiele , that specioa of composition in which Praeil exorilcd ond Locker skine', our author unites delicacy of thought and viracity of feeling with grace and fiuoncy of expression ; eo that whilo in his moro ambitious productions — in those which depict strong passion or eocncs of etirring in terest, he displays whet wo may terra tho sturdy muscle of hia mind ; lie exhibits in tho former that senritivo norvo ond vibratory fibre, without which tho naturo of tho truo artist— bo he poet, painter, sculptor, or actor- is incomplete. 