A VOICE FROM THE OCEAN; Being the substance'of an Address delivered in (he Gwalla Church on Sabbath-day, the 9ifc of Âjni&, by the Minister. . MOSE than'a year ago, a light one-horse vehicle was driven to my door by the owner-a middle sized, light-built man, with a pleasing counte- nance, quick intelligent eye*, and greyish hair indicating more than middle age. Beside him sat a young woman, with dark complexion, well-formed feature«, and rares loska, when* ht was conveying to her friends. Both travellers appeared.to enjoy good health and spirits. Had any one present been asked, " Are not these two persons likely to live long ? and do do you toot think that this young woman will long out- live that gentleman?" both questions would have been replied to by a prompt unhesitating affirmative. Alas ! how short-sighted we are ! how little do we know of death's moments ! how little of the futuie and of God's plans ! for, neither the young woman nor that stirring man is alive to-day ; both have been summoned into eternity .in God's order-the first last, and the last first. Nothing is more certain, and yet nothing is more uncertain, than death,-certain to occur, uncertain as to when it will occur ; whenever it takes place, whether with the young, the middle-aged, or the old, it startles us : the event is so solemn that the panic is severe ; so uni- versal and perpetual that it is everywhere felt. Even where death becomes a commonplace and frequent occurrence-as in an hospital, on a battle field, or in a plague- stricken city, it is regarded as a woful calamity ; and while there have been some who have affected not to dread the stroke, yet have they quailed when the tyrant signalled his approach. To look upon a lifeless body is (or at least should be} to learn a lesson of humility ; whether it be on the sylph-like form of some chaste beauty, who in her tears bowed to the advances of jthe insinuating and deceptive consumer, and gave up the ghost-the rifled temple, marble- like and beautiful even in death ; or gaze upon the loved face of a fond father, who, after a toilsome, self-denying, lifelong and successful struggle for independence, has departed amid the love and luxuries of a real home, leaving his family in affluence, the house still echoing the sobs and sighs of the almost broken-hearted widow and her fatherless children ; or view the body of some homeless, friendless outcast from Bocioty, whose mangled remains tell of a sui- cide's end-lying as they do ia the gloom and wretchedness of some dead-house, unpitied and unknown. Death is ever a token of wrath, no matter to whom or under what circumstances it takes place-whether it be that of a poor man "r of a liobleman-of a saint or a sinner-whether suf- fered peacefully on a couch in the homestead, or tragically by the hand of another on the roadside. No sin, no death ; but sin was ; it provoked God's vrratn, and called forth from Divine Justice the sentence-" The soul that sinneth, it shall die." Even in the death of Christ, the wrath of God was experienced .çioariously, yet truly and awfully, on the behalf of sinners ; the agonizing and dying utterances of Jesus prove the description of its pangs in His case. We but taste what He drank to the dregs when we die here. O ! may we never taste the bitter pains of everlasting death ! Death naturally and invariably produces sor- row, except where the feelings have been blunted to insensibility by stoicism, or destroyed by crime. At the death of anyone, be he Euro- pean or African, known or unknown, pauper or prince, we feel a painful pang ; but our atten- tion is demanded to-day to the consideration of a more than ordinary bereavement in the death by drowning of five individuals, including good George Shenton. In him we mourn not the loss of a friend or a relative merely ; we rather sorrow for a public benefactor- one who pos- sessed a combination of excellencies, occupied various important positions, creditably, and who endeared himself to thousands by his many virtues and charities. We mourn for a father ; with the afflicted family we would weep with an affected sorrow. Only those who have been placed in similar circumstances can feel the truest, deepest sympathy for the widow and orphans, yet few are they who cannot vividly picture to themselves the effect of death as it occurs to the head and prop of a family in a moment, remembering, at the same time, that no mere affluence can half fill the chasm made by such a bereavement. As a husband, I have had frequent opportunity of witnessing his con- duct, and sincerely do I believe that a woman never had a kinder, better, or more devoted husband than he was ; tracing the word to its origin, we find the true position occupied by the deceased, namely, ' the band of the household' -it has been unexpectedly broken. May the household hereafter continue bound together by the indestructible girdle of christian affec- tion ! each member recognizing Christ as Hus- band, Father, and Head. The lamented deceased was a true friend making the Divine exposition of such a cha- racter-"A friend loveth at all times, and a brother is born for adversity." It had a full exemplification in George Shenton. Many a man, when starting in life, or when circumstances be- came adverse, sought his counsel and received his aid, not merely in the form of inexpressive advice, but as well in the more tangible form of money or goods : and there are not a few who have gained a comfortable position in this colony, through pecuniary assistance first af- forded by the deceased, who are grateful enough now readily to acknowledge his timely bene- factions. As a citizen of Perth, and one of the first colonists, he was a credit to the city, and one of the sinews of the colony; his enterprise gave employment to hundreds, and circulated money in thousands throughout it. Any public meet- ing for the promotion of the interests in any form, either of the city or of the colony, would have been incomplete without him, and more than one Governor of Western Australia has honored him by private consultation when some important scheme was in contemplation for the country's welfare, requiring more than ordinary judgment and experience. Mr. Shenton was also a generous man. Truly a lover of hospitality has been called away. Never shall I forget the first time when—over two years ago—about 6 o'clock on Sabbath morning, I saw his pleasing, intelligent face, received his welcome to Western Australia, and enjoyed, with my family, the comforts of his marine residence. Far as I was thus removed from my connections and friends in the old country, I felt a pleasing sense of homeliness under Mr. Shenton's roof, and my family, as though the tedium of the voyage was at once obliterated by his kindness. Ever since I have been, at intervals, his guest, and always en- joyed the intercourse I was favored with in his family circle ; thus, also, have I been favorably placed for judging the character of the deceased ; occasionally it became necessary for me to speak to Mr. Shenton upon matters that re- quired an honest difference of opinion, and yet, I must testify that I have never witnessed the least irritability or impatience at what may have been reproofful; on the contrary, I have perceived a ready disposition to correct what- ever he deemed faulty or remiss ; thus mani- festing such nobility of character as only a great man could exhibit. There are few, indeed, who did not know that Mr. Shenton was, by religious profession, a Wesleyan Methodist;—this form of Chris- tianity he deliberately and intelligently es- poused fully 30 years ago, and ever since he has striven in many ways to promote the inte- rests of true religion in connection with that body. He was a class leader, a local preacher, and a steward of the Society in Perth for many years before and up to the day of his death. To the cause of God, generally, Mr. Shenton mani- fested much liberality-in fact, as to its full ex- tent, known only to himself; while his gene- rosity was quite palpable to others; and it must be added, to his praise, that his uncommon prosperity in worldly matters, including as it did, considerable social elevation, never led him to be ashamed to confess himself a Methodist, (as some weak-minded persons have been), but -rather did he use his position and influence for the advancement of the cause in this colony ; thus developing another noticeable and noble trait of character, viz., fidelity to the interests of the Church of his choice, with charity to- wards all other branches of the Church of Christ. Some of his last gifts to the Wesleyan Methodist connection are worthy of mention, -namely that of the church in which we are assembled, and a guarantee for £1,000 towards the erection of a new Wesleyan Chapel at Perth, given only a month or so before his death. These contributions at least testify his appreciation of that form of Christianity with which he was so long and so publicly identified, and whose piinciples and working no man in the colony knew better than did the deceased. But hei s gone ; As we consider how myste- riously and suddenly he was called away. " Deep in unfathomable mines Of never-failing skill, God treasures up His blight designs, And works His sovereign will. We have not said a tithe of what is in our heart to say on this event ; we merely give you, as we felt bound to do at once, a rude outline of thought to be filled up as the entire facts, so full of melancholy interest, come to hand. May we bow in submission and humility before that God who in wisdom and goodness thus unexpectedly came for the spirit of our dear brother and friend ; who came not by fire, nor with the still small voice-as whispered in the death chamber under the roof-tree but who came upon the wings of the wind, and, saving him the pain of a lingering illness, bore away his spirit into the eternal world. O God ! " Thy way is in the sea, and Thy path in the great waters, and Thy footsteps are not known !" May God support the widow and her child- ren as they grieve under this sore trial, enab- ling them to roll their burden upon Him that has guided the blow. May He sancitify it to them and to us, whom to-day mourn with them, leading us all to " prepare to meet our God " with joy, at whatever time and in whatever way he is pleased to appoint ; and if it should be the lot of any of us to hear the Master say, as he did to our beloved and lamented friend, " Behold I come quickly," may we be enabled, through Divine Grace to reply-as we fully be- lieve our dear friend did—Amen, even so ; come, Lord Jesus ! 