INTERCOLONIAL NEWS. The rush to the Weddin Mountain diggings in Xew South Wales, still continues. Four thousand people are on the ground, and public-houses, two banks, a theatre, and stores tff all discriptions are being erected. Every spare piece of ground is being contested, and business sites are selling at from £3t- to £80 each. One hundred and eighty ehatfs have been bottomed on payable gold. The Bourke mail was attacked on the 17th instant-, near Dubbo, by two riijshranpes. The Crown commissioner resisted the robbers, by whom he was shot in the thigh, and died from tho effects of tlie wound. The Black Dog, from New Caledonia to Sydney, brought ten tons of sugar, the produce of that island. The Intercolonial News Match for 1866 has been won by New South Wales. The scores were— New South Wales, 2303; Victoria, 2113. The highest scores were— Slide, New South Wales, and Fawcett, Victoria. Fresh outrages are reported to have been committed by Clark's gang in New South Wales. The Pastoral Times states that some short time since a gentleman discovered tens of thousands of bugs, creeping up the verandah towards some nests made therein by the swallow tribe or ' martins.' On. breaking one of the nests he found some yonug living birds, perfect skeletons, upon which the bugs fed Recently at Fort Bourke the thermometer fell 61 degrees in half-au-hoor — it was 110 degrees, and fell to 49 degrees. Half-an-honr's rain followed. The match made by Mat. Higgins, the celebrated pedestrian, to run against time — five and a quarter mues in aair noor — came on at tlie Aiuort Uround Sydney, fie ran the distance in 1 minute and 4.J seconds over the time. In noticing the Leather Trade at tbe Exhibition a Melbourne paper says: — Mr. Kauford, of Perth, Western Australia, exhibits a fair sample of bridia back, and black harness top, calfskin, sheepskin?, and white kangaroo skins. The kaugaroo leather is particularly deserving of notice, as being equal tu anything elsewhere produced. The ringleaders in the late riots in Queensland during which tho unemployed navvies endeavoured to coerce the Government into finding them some thing to do, have been brought up and dealt nith according to their deserts. The sentence of the law has been carried out in the case of Burke, the bushranger. Notwithstanding the merciful interposition of the jury, there was no moral or legal ground for sparing one who bad evidently accomplished hiraseH for sacrificing human life to secure his own unlawful ends, and who in all proba bility would have escaped only to commit other atrocities. It is said that be belonged to oae ot the most respectable families iu Ireland, one member of which holds a distinguished position in Dublin, and that he has relations ia Sydney. Wheat was quoted in Adelaide at 4s. Id. to 4s. 2J., and flour £11 to £12. The Victorian Government seem determined upon introducing the spy system into the various public offices. In more than one department detec tives are employed to investigate the piscuuUrv means. mode of life, and social habits of tiio varous employes and report upon them to the Miuistcii.il Chief. Mr. R. Birnie is lecturing 'A A'i^ht wjlh the Poes,' at the Trades'-hall, Melbourne. An unexpected long discussion, or rather comment, took place in the South Australian Parliament upon the motion for a return of convicted persons since Wbi, showing those wiio iiave been set at large before their senteuces have expired, when the Hon. II. Ayers took the II ouse by surprise, by stating that the system of releasing couvicxs had. been so recklessly allowed that one prisoner, for whom Ins intinencc was sought while iu tho Uoi'erunicnt, whom he refused to cuuscut io dis charge, was seea oy him at large iu ilia public streets within a week alter be had vacated office, through au influence exercised by some of tho members of Parliament ; but it seems tbat a former Superintendent of Convicts has been tlie chief friend of -the dangerous classes' of the colony, as ;l turned out in the statements made by lion, tavmhtra that that gentleman always putiiiso'wn couttructioa upon tho Act ot 1861, a»d took upon himself this authority of releasing prisoners. The Dkought is Queensland.— The following miserable picture of the condition of the portion ot Queensland to which it relates is supplied to the Dalby Herald by a correspondent, writing from Saoat: — ' What in tlie world the Balciaue and the sur rounding district is coming to is at present a mystery, much doubt being expressed that we shall any of u« be alive next year, for the last week we hive b*?u tantalised by observing large volumes of rain clcu U passing over us, and with something like an approach to a thunderstorm ; but, alas ! only to disappear to visit some more favoured spot. On Sunday alter noon it blew almost a hurricane, and the rain came down for about an hour. Since then, we have had nothing bat searching hot weather, aud hijru winds dlirin^r i.\lO. flitrht. rl'llo fliApmnnial-a. I.t^t- ...»^1 ? ^ ? O vuwi «Jwuit.ubj p hum — . .-?-.- , averaged 101 in the shade ; so I leave you to guess what it was outside .... Horses are ia a most miserable condition; iu fact, you would look at them, aud imagine they were tbe ghosts of Rozinante. As for beef or mutton, we iiave long since ceased to think of a good piece of meat, but now content ourselves with carrion, or a very near approach to it. Unluckily, we are not iu the position the French aro to fall back on horse flesh for food.. We have a few goats browsing upon :dr, and when the abigail sallies forth to milk them, too oiten finds them barren. Perhaps they might do for a few days' toad for as. Even the river is beginning fo tell its dire tale of want of rain— tbe water is stinking, and now is eu low near the township that you may walk across.' 