THEATRE ROYAL. iin waltbu Montgomery's 'hamlet.' Mr Walter Montgomery played Hamlet at tho Theatre Royal on Saturday evening to an overflowing and sympathetic audience. With out entering into the customary mystifying speculations as to what tho auditory imagine to be the actor's conception of the character, we will endoavor to furnish an unconventional notice of this first Victorian performance of a professedly unconventional actor. In this respect Mr Montgomery realises the reputation which preceded him. He is eminently naturi'J and proportionately charming. His acting is the least stagey it has ever been our fortuno to witness. His Hamlot is a man, not an ab straction — a living reality, and not tho embodi ment of a theory. He plays evenly nnd quietly — so much bo, indeed, that there might bo a suspicion of tameness but for the unquestionable power occasion ally put forth. Mr Montgomery displays remarkable sagacity and, wo think, sound judg ment in subordinating certain scenes in order to heighten tho effect of others. A large por tion of tho dialogue in the secondary scenes is delivered sotto vocc, rapidly nnd almost in the form of asides, thus distinguishing them frsm thoso more directly bearing upon tbo main current of tho tragedy. As secondary scenes we place, for instance, the interviews with Rosencranz and Guildenstern, that with the players, that with Osric, -fcc. In tho other category stand the scene with Ophelia, the chamber sceno with tho Queen, tho piny scene, tho grave scene, and tho denouement. With evidently purposed intention, many of the cus tomary points are ignored, and indeed reso lutely slurred. In sacrificing these the actor displays an amount of courage which is not, however, without its reward. Tho soliloquies are not preached, nor again aro .they 68 strongly emphasised as wo Jinvc gene rally heard them, and they would probably be moro acceptable to thoso acquainted with a purer stylo of elocution than to the admirers of leather lungs. Mr Montgomery possesses a fortunate physique for thu stage — lithe, agile, andmuscnlar without clumsiness. His poses are statuesquo and graceful, and ho is a tho rough master of stago business. He has an intellectual face — mobile and expressive, a square, open brow, a firm-looking jaw, a pillar like throat — and is, in short, the most poetic looking embodiment of tho Danish Prince we have ever had here. Mr Montgomery wears light brown- hair falling on tho shoulders — a costume differing in cut from the tunic usually worn — close fitting and much shorter. He dis penses with the hearae-feathers, usually worn as presumedly appropriate to tho grave-yard occasion, and justifies his allusion to his 'inky cloak,' in his first sceno upon the stage, by wearing ono. Iu the burial scene, he brought strongly to mind a mediveval figure in one of Millais' pictures, althongrli wo would be puzzled to namo which one. Mr Montgomery possesses au agreeable voice, not powerful, bnt resonant and musical. Occasionally ho cuts bis words a little, and this is tho only faint indica tion of transatlantic origin or residence. We think that what we have already said must give assurance, that Saturday's performance was a fascinatinc one. nnd that Mr Montcomerv has already, in tho good opinion of every person present at bis Australian debut established a position which only himself can lower. Wo proposo to briefly run through the more striking points in Mr Montgomery's! per formance. Tho first which was particularly noticeable was tho mingled liatbos nnd lrittnr neBS with which Hamlet details to Horatin tho death of his father nnd the ro -marriage of his mother. Following this was tho expressive facial delineation of Btirpriso at the first ilis elosuro of the apparition — the actor's counto rmnco skilfully indicating the outer emotions of nstonishir.o:it nnd doubt, with an inner current of self-argur.aent as to tho possibility or cause of tho supernatural occurrence. The ghost scene was highly wrought, but quietly done. Instead of falling on ono knee at the feet of tho spectre, ns somo actors do, Mr Mont gomery's Hamlet keeps nt an awe-struck dis tance which somowhat assists in idealising tho necessarily substantial figure of tho visitant from Hades. An ingenious point is made in the lmckiieyed ' O, my prophetic soul,' by pronouncing 'my uncle' interrogatively as if asking tho confirmation of a suspicion. But, though ingonions, the context will nsc justify the innovation, as tho Ghost has just previously intimated that — Tho Rerpent that did sting thy father's life Now wears hla crown. In passing, may wo suggest, in tho interest of Lindley Murray, despite of what Skikspearo wroto — or possibly never wroto— that ' making night hideous, and us fools of natnre,' wenld be a desirable emendation of the ice of ths text. The most effectively delivered soliloquy on Saturday, was the ' What a piece of work is man;' the crescendo being temperately yet 1 adaiixably maaaged up to Uiu yiidx cl -rever- ence in the words, ' in apprehension like a God.' In the scene with Polonius, towari? the close of the second act, Mr Montgomery intones the pious chanson, ' O. Jephthah, jnJge of Israel,' like a ritualistic curate. The close of this act evoked a fine outbnrst of passion, terminating the long soliloquy, ' O what a rogue nnd peasant slave am I.' This is ; commenced sitting asd ' reflectively, bnt readies a high pitchof fervor. The management of the interview with Ophelia was intelligent and effective. Polonius is, by means of by-play, shown to bo behind a curtain,, listening. The discovery of ' this is the cuo to Hamlet's 'Ha, ha! ore you henest' and so the inter view proceeds until he abruptly demands ' Where's your father ?' as a test of Ophelias honesty. Tho 'reply, 'At home, my Lord,' breaking down'his faith in her truth, evokes a burst of passionate grief which quite carried away the audience. Tho colloquy . with the actor was in on ordinary conversational tone, oven in the instruction of the players. In tho play-scene an artistic bit of by-play was the apparently unconscious rending into pieces of Ophelia's fan whilst fiercely intent upon the faces of tho King aud Qaeen. The chamber scene was well nigh perfect. Taking as the key to that episode, that Hamlet is ' cruel only to be kind,' thero is in Mr Montgomery's delineation no disclosure of that open relenting towards tho Oueen mother we have seen other actors display. The ; gravo-sceno wo havo already alluded to. Tho sudden arousing from in definite melancholy te tho reality of Ophelia's death — when Laertes says ' A ministering angel shall my sister bo'— was finely depicted, as was the overpowering passion of the re sponse to the rant of the excited brother. In tho death scene there was neither facial grimace nor that galvanic contortion which excites revulsion of feeling rather than sympathy. Mr Montgomery's Hamlet dies with far-seeing eyes, out-looking into tho illimitable, and is suggestive rather than de monstrative of dissolution. Of the other characters it is not necessary to say much. The Polonius of Mr Lambert needs no further praiso than has been often lavished upon it. The Queen kad a good and exquisitely costumed representative iu Miss Cleveland. Miss Docy Stewart sang very sweetly in Ophelia. Mr Vincent's King was of course good, and for him was restored tho devotional scene usually cut out. Shakspeare produces Enmlet in this scene, nud we should like to see it thus played, as his deliberation, whether or not to Kill tho King whilst kneeling, is an eluci dation of the character in which the acted play is deficient. Mr Stewart was less Mr Stewart than usual, as tho Gravediggcr, and relatively successful. Mr Harwood's Ghost was well made np, and fair in elocution. This capital actor has a slight lisp occasionally, and his generally useful habit of acting with his hauus he coma not auogetner restrain in liia solemn character. Mr Hall's Laertes was middling — the best part of it suggestive of Mr Robert Heir. He died with evident comfort, and took proper pre caution not to hurt himself in falling. The scenery was all familiar, but generally appro priate enough. The short interval between the acts reminded tho audience of the Sullivan regime. Although tha house was hushed into that 'silence which i3 the greatest cempliment which can be paid an actor,! annoyance was felt through tho presence of emotional babies, and an impromptu suggestion from tho gallery that, the ' Ghost would bo ufter' them,' if they didn't keep quiet, rather endangered one scene. Mr Montgomery was called at tho end of every act in which he appeared, and a heartier ovation from a house in which there was not even standing room was never experienced. At tho close Mr Montgomery briefly addressed the audience, acknowledging tho reception he had met. He spoke of his Ion0 acquaintance with Mr Vincent, and put the audience in goed humor by bargaining for a round of applause to fill np any gap if ho showed symptoms of breaking down in his speech. An allusion to the loss of the London, in olovation of tho merits of the Great Britain was rather vial apropos. ,In speaking of tho accidental rivalry of himself and Mr Anderson, throng!', each being iu ignoranco of tho particulars of tho other's engagement to appear in Melbourne nt a like date, lie assured the audience that such would not weaken the friendship that subsisted between them. Ho promised n better repre sentation of Hamlet when ho had got rid of his ' sea-legs.' We observe that Mr Montgomery is an nounced to play Clando Melnotte this evening, and ho carries with him tho elements of a suc cessful portraiture. The Latest Idea which has occurred to hatters is to call their business caputolegy. Instead of saying '? Who is your batter ?' it will be proper to say 'Who is your capu tologist?' — America)/, paper. PnoDuciNO Insensibility to Pain. — The committeo of the Society for the Prevention of Cruelty to Animals met Dr. Richardson, last week, at their rooms, Pall Mull, London, to witness his demonstration of tho production of insensibily to pain by means of ether spray, and to hear his views as to the extension of tho process to tho performance of operations with ont pain on the horso and other inferior animals. There were present at the meeting the Earl of Harrowby (in tho chair), Mr John I. Briscoe, M.P. ; Mr W. Mackinnon, M.P. ; Mr S. Gurnoy, M.P. ; General Sir John Scott Lillie, Dr. Fraser, Dr. Sedgwick, Professor Tuson, nnd a large attendnnco of mem bers. Dr. Richardson first described why general ano-'sthesia had not been commonly applied to veterinary operations, and explained that the difficulties connected with the general method were all removed by the local process. He next demonstrated tho prin ciple and practice of the local method by ether spray, und narrated briefly the line of inquiry which had led him to tho invention. He then demonstrated the process on his own body, mailing, with the nssistunce of Dr. SedgTick, hirge surfaces of his arm insensible to pain, anil passing* large needles deeply through the be numbed parts. This was repeated on the flesh uf Dr. Kraser, Mr Guruey, aud Mr Jlociitta, who testified to tho painlessness of the operation. In veterinary sargery this local aiuesthesia is, lie, said, Applicable to nil operations, and it has been practised with enliro success by several veterinary surgeons. Tno details of many painless operations en horses were next supplied, particuliuly tbo operations of nerving, of firing, of intro ducing setons, of removing tnraors, of opening citvitics of tho body when Ihero was obstruction, and of applying cuustics nnd escharotics to irritable and open surfaces of tho animal. Tho value of the method as a means of removing pain from inflammation and othnr causes was nlso discussed, together with tbo application ai the plan for discovering tho seat of disease in c;ises of lameness. The simple little npparatus mod was greatly admired, an»l Dr. Richardson showed that the assistance of oven on uneducated person was sufficient to enable the veterinarian to proceed Is painless operation. An ether had been prepared specially for veterinary pur pose/!, at 4k G'd per lb, which would suffice for twenty operations. Dr. Richardson concluded by str.ting that, whenever members of tho com munity demanded it, every animul that was considered so valuable as to be a proper subject for a surgical operation could now be submitted to operation without physical suftering, and that, too, safely, quickly, conveniently and cheaply. A vote of thanks was presented, to Dr. RicnardGrn, and his paper was ordered io he pilt-'.il fo» gentra! cuxuiulioa. 