TO, TOtfow, MtX gttmcitr. " She isn't all that my fancy painted her." bitterly exclaimed a rejected lover; and " worse than that, she isn't all that she paints her self." A French newspaper critic lately went nto ccstacies over "that nob'.e monody of rdr Thomas More, the celebrated Irish poet, beginning • We left him alone in his glory."" An old gentleman from the country, stopping at a first-rate hotel in New York, wrote home that his room was six storeys high, and his bill was three storeys higher than his room. Error.—In a short biographical notice of Pope, which I compiled for au edition of hie poems, I briefly enumerated his prose works, among which I named iris " Memoirs of a Parish Priest." When the proof came before me, I found that the compositor had set it "Memoirsof Paint Brush."—Notes and Queries. A Lock of Hair —Hair ia at once the most delicate and lasting of our materials, and survives us like love. It is so light, so gentle, so escaping from the idea of death, that with the Jock of hair belonging to a child or a friend, we may almost look up to heaven, and compare no>es with the angelic nature; may almost say, "1 have a piece of thee here, not unworthy of thy being now." —Lciyh Hunt. A fellow went to the parish priest^ and told him, with a long face, that be had seen a ghost. "When and where?" said the pastor. "Last night," replied the man, " 1 was passing the church, and up against the wall of it did I behold the spectre!" "In what shape did it appear?" asked the priest. "It appeared in the shape of a great ass." "Go home and hold your tongue about it," rejoined the pastor; "you are a very timid man, aud have been frightened by your own shadow." "John," said a Quaker to a young friend, "I hear thou art going to be married." " Yes." replied John, "I am." "Well,1' replied the man of drab, " I have one little piece of advice to give thee, and that is, never to marry a woman woith more than thou art. When I married my wife I was worth just fifty shillings and she was worth sixty-two; and whenever auy difference has occurred between us since, she has always thrown the odd shillings in my face." Jeremy Taylor says "If you are for pleasure, marry; if you prize rosy health, marry; and even if money be your object, marry. A good wife is heaven's last best gift to man, bis angel and minister of graces innumerable, his gem of many viitues, his casket of jewels. Her voice, the sweetest music; her smiles. Ills brightest day; Iter kiss, the guardian of iiis safety, the balsam of hia life; her industry, his surest wealth: her economy, his safest steward; her lips, hi-f uthful councillors; her bosom, the softest pillow of his circs; and her prayers., the ablest advocates of Heaven's blessings on his head." Wo:ci>Ens!—When a young man is a clerk in a store, and dresses like a prince, smokes "foine cigirs," drinks "noice brandy." attends theatres, dances, and the like, I wonder if be does all upon the avails of his clerkship? JVhen a young lady sits in the parlour during, the day, with iter little white fingers covered with rings, I wonder if lier mother don't wash the dishes, and de the work in the kitchen? When a mail goes three times a day to get a dram. I wonder if by and-py he won't go four times? When a young lady faces her waist a tliird less than nature made it, I wonder if her pretty figure will pot sliwten life some d zen years or more, b^des making her miserable while slie does live.. \\\ beu a young man is dependent upon his daily toil for hia income, and marries, a lady wjro doe^not know receives a newspaper, aud takes great delight iu it. i,ut neglects to pay for it, I wonder if ha has a sold or a gizzard. -American Paper, 