BRAZIL AND ''ITHE BRAZILTANiS.* IrY one who roads this book without know ing something of the country it describos, and without having some power of divining the position of its authors, would be struck with astonishment at the contradictions it discloses. At first sight it seems that ,ossrs. Fletcher and Kidder are mission .aries, and,the country they are visiting is either heathon or wholly given up to idolatry. Y'et as we road on we find all the signs of ean advanced civilization-a constitutionll government, and an Emperor who dotes en . Lon gfellow. In some respects the :razilians are evidently in advance of Europe. Their veneration for- the groat a, safeguard of trial by jury is such that when iaijury retires all who are. present rise up and remain standing till the twelve have left ith0 court. In like manner, overybody rises when; an oath is administered, and the s,.olemnity of the scone contrasts strongly .with the irreverent gabble of the Old Bailey. ,Onnoe.would think that, instead of trying to diffuso the word in sach a devotional countiy, Biessrs. Fletcher and Kidder might ,hive o turaiid. their attention to some ruder savages.; There are heathens amongst us lwho disregard not only the solemnity of an oath, but its sanctity. Thoro are Europeon countries whero the rulers care ?oeither for Lonigfellovw nor liberty. And in some ways ,England preosonts no loss curious contrasts ,,than we find in Brazil between woalth of e..source and poverty of resource, between c:;bivilization and barbarism. However, ;_ where their own country is concerned, we s?hall leave our renders to draw their own moral. With the help of these two Amori can authors, rwe shall draw the moral which B3razil presents to us. :.:It is quite true that the book discloses strango contradictions; but the unfavorable side ois not willingly chosen by the writers. Except as regards religion, they are partial ,':to the Brazilians. They show groat alacrity in sounding the praises of the national character anid institutions. As members, indeed, of a go-ahead race, they fild the B3razilians slow, and their book is rather a tribute of respect from the hare to the tor toise.' I grant that you crawl, says the hare,, but then you are steady. You are :heavy, but then you are solid. You have a cumbrous coat, but then it protects you. :You could not double upon a greyhound, but. theion a greyhound could not double up yaou.: You are not governed by the people, ibit then you are not at the mercy of the 2mob.:, Your postal arrangements are bad, ui? youeii :toss ;tho.letters in a heap, and lot everybody who, expects a letter rummage ""':*rasil rnd the hBrazilians. By Rlov. James C. Fletcher' and' Rev..D;". P. Kidder, D.D. ' London: Sampsoin; Low, and Eabston. - 1850. tho hoap in sonroh of it; but than you guard in the most ndmlirblo way against blocks itn the stroets by painting up at c"lch corner an indox.which all carriages imusst follow; and this system might well be adoplted in Broad way. You import the vanilla bean frorm Mexico viii Now York, while the plant itself abounds with you ; but then you teach streams to form their own bridges, and mako the mountains themselves split off masses of clay which it would require the labour of maniy hundred man for many months to remove. Tu fact, the only thing you want is a proper and sensiblo religion, and that will be impaited to you, if you wish, bymy representatives, Messrs. hltchler and Kidder. Taking this as the haro's dis course to the tortoise, we aro bound to say that the haro's representatives are omphatic on the score of superstition. They fully confirm the geonral accounts of the low moral charactor and oxtravagant doctrine of the Roman Catholic clergy in South America. Many of the dotails they give are edifying, though they hardly bear out the views ox pressed on the subject by the lato Cardinal Wisoman. We hoear of a sermon in praiso of our Lady delivered by one of the most eloquent preachers in Rio, and one of tho statements in it was, that thIe magi and ktings of the oast "camno on painful journeys from distant lands, and, prostrating them solves at tihe feet of Nossa Sonlhora, offered their crowns for the bostowal of lher hand; but she rejected them all, and gave it to tie obscure, the humblo, buit pious St. Joseph." A Fenast of the Holy Ghost is announced in thie Rio papers, and we are told that it will be solonmized with all oossiblo splendour. "At three p.m. there will be brilliant horso racing, after which a ' To Daum' and mag nificent fireworks." An ontorprising joweller at the samo timo offers thie public a "beau tifill assortment of Holy Ghosts," so much "in gold, with glories,'" and so much in silver, ending with "Holy Ghosts of tin, resembling silver, three shillings per hundred." Quite on a par with this is Mr. Flotcheor's account of a iniracle play, at which an Indian offered to be placed on the cross if rum was' substituted for gall. Ini the midst of the service, however, he scandalized the spectators by crying out to the person whoso part it was to refrosh him, and who was. rather neglecting his work, "lOh, Mr. Jow, Mr. Jew, a little more nall! " Thno grotesque indoconcy. of thoso religious manifestations is the less painful sido of Mfeossrs. Flotchor and. Kidder's account of the spiritual lifo of B3razil. Wo can hardly be at a loss in looking for instances of the gross inmorality of the priests and the goneral abuses of the religious system. But on this point we will not dwell.. Wo obsorvo, as some sign ofimprovoment, that our authors moet with little or no opposition in their attompts.to circulato the 3iblo. It is rather odd, indeed, to find [Mr. Fletcher talking of Henry lartyn at 13ahia teaching " the faith once delivered to the saints to the curious and benighted friars "-a son toeneo at the end of which we should expect to meet the word savages or pagans. 1lather odd, too, to hear from Dr. Kiddoi that " the Nbw Testament is a choice speci men of style as well on subjects historical as moral and religious, in addition to embody ing the pure and sacred truths of our loly Clristianity, the knowledge of which is of so high importance to every individual both as a human being and as a member of society." 1But these are more ebullitions of zeal unchecked by thought. The authors generally write in a sensible style, and when they try to describe are not carried away by the wordy enthusiasm natural to Brazilian travellers. At the same time their work is too much in the nature of a store house of materials, and their readers scarcely roealise the strange beauty of the land andtho backwardness of its inhabitants. Our, authors are too apt to be modest in the oxercise of their descriptive powers, and their oxperience of the people seems to have boon unusually fortunate. But their first sharp impressions have been much modified by long residence and subsequent visits, and each subsequeont visit has shown that some abuse had porished. The horrible system of sewage in Rio, which poisoned the water along the shores, has been chahged and is being abolished. livors are being opened to traffic and railways ere advancing. 'lThe vast abuses of the custom-house have been exposed, and are said to have been rome died. Pictures of life taken ten or fifteen years ago are no longer accurate in their details. Washerwomen no longer haunt the beds of streams in alhalf-naked state. Negroes no longer carry bags of coffee on their heads, or huge casks hangingi . from poles which rest on their shoulders, through the streets of Rio. But all these changes are recent. The post-office is not yet. re formed. It was not long since that a quack announced his discovery that the Brazilian olephantiasis was the same disease as that which the ancient Greeks cured by the bite of a rattlesnake, and induced a hospital patient to. try the experiment. The white ants have not departed from Brazil in spite of their solemn excommunication by the clergy. WVe hIave hinted at some of the defects of this boolk, but we like it too much to insist upon them furtler. It is too long, and parts of it are too dry for general reading. But to all who wish to refresh. their memories of a nmarvellous. country, and to witness the progress it has mado in the last ton years, to recall some of the fairy scenes which . perhaps they visited as rolliclring, foi-loving. midshipmen, or to learn overy bay anId crook of the majestic harbour into which they peeped on their more distant voysge,. we reconmmosed the book. 