CORRESPONDENCE:. MUCH ADO ABOUT NOTHINGyOR TUP>- -\ LATE INQUEST. Sir.— Curious speculation are indulged iuas to. the real or presumed culpability of those persons who having attended the boy Phillips, over whom an inquest was held, are supposed to be in some wav liable for an unhealthv wnii having died. Nothing remarkable has been elicited from the inquiry as to the cause of such a death, except that an inquest should take place under the vigilance of the police, which has been awakened into surprise by something natural, and in the course of nature having oe- curred. From the evidence it appears that a boy who was very sick on the 23rd of Feb. was taken into the Hospital on the 25th Feb., was removed from it on the 18th March, died under the treatment of a qualified medical practitioner on the 12th of April, and on this circumstance an inquest is held. I certainly have no objec tions to inquests where necessary, but should not like to see them turned into an unmeaning farce for mere sensational purposes, or to be levelled at doing injury to a public institution from which the distressed find confidence iu looking towards it for help in trying emergen cies. While professing myself to be an ardent advocate of the fullest publicity on all matters concerning the public welfare, I must protest against the semblance of public duty being con verted into a means of private vindictiveness. I do not pretend to know who is the instigator of the late inquiry, but that there was an insti gator is apparent from the police having been aroused to appear as prosecutors. But to what purpose? A number of unprofessional men are impannelledns a jury to decide upon a scientific medical point, "of which they know nothing, and have, to trust for guidance as to the cause of death to the testimony of three medical men, who all disagree with each other. The long array of witnesses, seemingly as interminable aj the ghosts of Banquo, who were examined could only give evidence as to matters immaterial to the main issue, and served no particular end beyond wasting the time of unpaid suffering jurymen, who were ultimately locked up ail night to return a verdict upon such medical testimony as they had heard, that a bed-ridden boy died. He had been doctored publicly and privately, but the boy died because he had not enough of doctoring, or of neglect. He was doctored 26 days in the Hospital, doctored 25 days out of it, until at length being unable to stand doctoring any longer, he got release in death from a bed-sore which was not enough doctored, but was of a size while in the Hospital on which there is a conflict of testimony, reaching eventually under private medical attendance of 25 days to about four inches. Thac a boy who had been sickly for two months and doctored for 51 days should die seems natural enough, and even says something for his endurance, but that under a case of natural death while under medical attendance the police should enforce jurymen to neglect their business requires some explanation. An inquest being called, the un fortunates who are summoned upon it have to bring in a verdict upon something, or against someone, and it so occurs that they bring in an extraordinary one — namely, that the boy died of neglect, — not on the part of the medical man who had him last under treatment for 25 days, but against the doctor of a public institution from which the boy was removed against his consent, and in which if he had remained, says the doc tor under whom he died, he would have had a better chance of recovery owing to the weakness of the youth rendering removal injudicious. A charge is found against Dr Huteheson that ha did not look at the sore when apprised of it, which was one or two days before the boy left the hospital, and I certainly agree with the jury men that the doctor should have looked at the sore; but I do not see that looking at the sora would have made it better, for it appears that the private medical gentleman looked at the sore without doing any good till the boy died, and does not say that the toardsman treated it wrongly, or that he had improved on the wardsman's treatment. The boy lived under the wardsman's poultices, but died on the charcoal bags sub stituted by the professional. The doctors who cannot agree among themselves as to the treat ment the deceased should have received do not condemn that of the unskilled wardsmau, a fact which may be rather consoling to tyros. Ac cording to my thinking the whole case seems to resolve itself into this : the doctor should have looked to the sore, but the wardsman did and his applications are not impugned ; the protector of the boy should not have moved hiui from the hospital ; death was the result of consequences attending upon prolonged illness succeeded by exhaustion ; the police were not justified in call ing for an inquest ; jurymen should not be com pelled to attend on such a case as they have lately been engaged on ; and the mode of getting up inquests calls for correction. Uncertificated. The American Methodists are engaged in col lecting funds for centenary celebrations, and over 3,800.000 dollars have already been sub scribed. A Mr Daniel Drew, of New York, lias given half a million dollars, a Mr Baldwin, of Ohio, 300,000, and others from 25,000 to 75,000. This equals, if it does not exceed, the liberality of the English Methodists in the cen tenary celebration of 1S39. A watch lias been patented, without hands, than shows on its face no figures but those which tell the hour aud minute looked for. The figures are dis played as they are wanted, and no other appear on the watch face. The true motives of our actions, like the real pipes of an organ, are usually concealed ; but the gilded aud Jiollow pretext is pompously placed in front for show. "I say, boy, are you a poet?" " Not exactly, Sir ; but I sometimes do the rule of three In-verse . ' The reason why so few literary men are bred to their profession is because the profession is very rarely bread to them. Why is a solar eclipse like a mother thrashing a child ? — Because it is a hiding of the sun (son). Why is love like a Scotch plaid ? — Because it i< all stuff and often crossed. 