PRINCE ALFRED IN VICTORIA. ? ^. ? — VICTORIA RACING CLUB— SPECIAL MEETING. Stewards : CapUin Stundish, C. B. Fisher, Ksq., G. Watson, Ksq., R. H. Power, Esq., A. W. Robertson. Ksq. -Tudgo : Captain Scott. Starter : G. Watson, E-*q. If bright, balmy, breezy weather bo Queen's weather, then the second son of that august laity is already enjoj'iug in anticipation a por tion of his mutei'iiiil inheritance. Tho Queen herself could uot hav« brought a better climatic talisman than tho Prince took with him to Saturday's rjces. Tho ro:id offers little sub ject for commont. As tho Prince passed along in his postilioued chariot he must havo observed how fashionable a color tho ocean bluo has become. In every cottage, however modest its pretensions, the fair spe« tators beamed bright in sashes, dresses, or head-gear, or somothing of tho color that tho sailor is presumed to love ; nor does ho lovo it tho less when sported by a pretty 1 ass. Waa there anyone ts point out to tho Duke tho pa'.itinl residence (towering over the hamlet of Fleniiiiitton) of one who had built for him self from a foundation of nothiug a fortune far beyond that oujoyed by tho Duke himself? Or was the attention of H.R.H. drawn to the rare apectaclo of a village only in its green yonth already lapsed into decay. Tho glories of Flomington aro departed. Its population of saddlers, blacksmiths, vondow of bullock-bells and publicans have shrunk to narrow dimensions. It is but the ghost of the Flemington of yore. Its life is a spasmodic lifd of a day, or two, or threo, now and again, and a cataleptic condition, near akin to non-existence, for the rest of tho year. And even such glories as still appertain to Flemington upon a nice day are now shorn of half taoir greatness, for knowing people havo discovered another less dnsty road to tho west ward, a road less crowded with tho range of vehicles from tho costermonger's cart to tho dashing four-ia-hand ; a road, moreover, without a turnpiko ! Between tho new road and the railway tho track to Flcinington will soenor or later becomo Hugh Glass's nyeiuie, a,nd that fortunate gentloman p^-y build a how gato - IoJgo somewhere about tho University end of the Royal Pavk. Plemington is passed, however, and in the woke of tho Princo we havo just arrived on tho ground. The carriage paddock is full of conveyances, which are themselves full of Fortnnm and Mason-like baskets with sus picious-lsoking silver tipj peouing curiously forth as though over-crowded inside. The Hill, which to tbo raceground is as tiio pit to tho thoatre, is comparatively bare as yet. The two-shilling connoisseurs can't get down for the first event, an-l it is not before the start for tho Duke of Edinburgh Stakes that we may expect to soo tho Hill look as black with men aud as bright with pretty womon as it did on. the Cup day. Vory pretty tho tom porary royal box looked, with its fresh verduro of living plants; a very bower of greenery, giving quito a new and elegant aspect to tho otherwise not impoaing-looking stand. What is to be said of the costumes of tho ladies on tho lawn ? Bewildering at any timo, with tho bell ringing for saddling, what can a chronicler do but indulge in some sweeping complaint, calcbing all in his net ; just as those sweeping trains did tho feot of such unfortu nates as dared to lift their feet at all. What has been taken oat o! tho circumference of ladies' dresses has evidently boon sewn on be hind. Latitude has given way to longitude. And what of tho Prince ? How was he dressed? inquires tho young lady who over-danced herself at the ball, and has, cruel fate, been laid up on tho sofa ever since. A plain long groy coat, grey trousers with a black stripe, white hat with a bluo veil, still no gloves bnt Hoino missive rings on his fingers. Thoso were his habiliments, so far as visible, upon tho course. And didn't wo hear how ho won Goyder's big sweep, and that he had had geod fortuno in whatever ho backed? Ho evidently preferred the stewards' platform abovo tho weighing room to the box in tho Grand Stand. Very leisurely and comfortably could ho smoke there, and the people on the Hill had a much hotter view of him. By tho way, there was a spocial novelty upon this vsccasion in the shape of a musical programme of tho pieces performed by the bund in the pavilion by the stand. A very bijou of pro grammes, printed on something which, if not caid, was certainly mother-of- pearl or a material very like it. This waa what the band 2-luyed, broken occasionally by impromptu popping of champagne cork3 from the neigh boring carriage paddock : — Overture, ' Jubol,' Weber ; quadrille, ' Hunt,' A. F. Godfrey ; selection, ' Zampa,' Herold ; waltz, ' Hilda,' D. Godfrey]; selection, ' La Sonnambula,' Bel lini ; Polka Mazurka, ' Rosa,' Burkhardt ; galop, ' Jockoy,' A. f. Godfrey; God Savo the Queen. To describe tho sceno of Saturday is merely to recapitulate what has benn written beforo scares of times. I walk through the dense crowd in front of tho pavilion, and I see tbo same faces I havo seen at every race meeting any time these last five years. Around, I hear the old voices ' making their game,' and picking up their trifles or dropping their hundreds in very much tho way that a practised macadamiser pre pares his metal for utilisation and con sumption. As I think of tho sceno now, I wonder how many roputation3 these human ' brown-hackles' have watched in theii1 last gasps ' in their time, and how many more they nre destined to see fade befo re their places shall know them no more. It is net easy at first to discover that tho day is supposed to boah unusually grand one. True, a closo observer may seo something more of show about tho feminine portion of tho spec tators. Tho dresses, perhaps, aro a trifle moro gorgeons, and some of the faces natura has not blessed to tho extent sho has others, havo. had a trifle more assistance from art, but beyond that I can see no difference. Tho men ore tho same as ever. Some of them are there for busi ness, some to enjoy themselves as men shonld eajoy themselves fcoraetimea, but moro, if tho truth must be told, it would seem, to show themselves. There is an alarming tendency for lavender lad gloves and prottiness amongst oar young men, and tho sooner it is checked tho better. The numiioc of opera glasses turned go & certain pavilion yesterday, aad kept tberq for ever snch a long time, mado aio blush for my sex. It is well enough for tho ladies to look at the Prince, for I suppose it is their prerogative ; bnt when you see a lot of what by courtesy you term men staring him out of coun tenance whenever he shows his nose, you cannot wonder that ho prefers hiding himself from the vnlgar gaze as much as ho possibly can. Iu front of the pavilion fitted up by tho club for the use of his Royal Highness and the vice- regal party, is a very raro aud beautiful collection of ferns, which gives quito a rustic air to tho place. I learn that these ferns have been sent byMrHugh Glass, and were arranged prettily and tastefully by his head gardener, Mr Ferguson. They form a picture on which the eye rests with pieasuro timo after time. Kear at hand there is a large tent, in which there is laid out a very splendid looking cold collation, and everywhere there aro scattered the rarest collection of hot-house plants. These are also provided by tho liber ality of Mr Glass. Of tho doings of the Prince, I dare to Bay there will bo plenty of chroniclers. I am almost ashamed to write that I havo not tho slightest idea whether he took ' brandy and soda and a cigar' with the committee, or whether ho didn't. Yet, on second thoughts, I find I am not ashamed, be cause I am reminded by a still small voico that if I did know, I should havo been gnilty of an unwarrantable piece of prying impertinence. All I could see was that his Royal Highness seemed to enjoy himself heartily ; that he went about the ground as any other English gentleman present ; that he witnessed the majority of the races from the judges' stand ; and that — alas that I should havo to write it — ho was seen in dangerous proximity to a person whoso proseuco in tho reserve at all was tho greatest insult we could offer to our royal visitor, and whose touch is pollution oven to meaner hands. I dou't know thut there was any touching of hands, bnt I do know that there was a great deal of conversa tion, and that men whose minds aronotso'callons to tho characters of thoso to whom they speak wondered how thoso who wero with H.R.H. and knew all the filtbiness of tho life of the man we allude to, did not inform him ef it. The day's sport provided by tho club was a really good one, and it bronght out stronger fields of horses than could have been expected after the sovere work of tho spring meeting, and in view of tho heavy engagements of some of our cracks on tho 1st January. These kept awiiy two of tho best horses we over had in the colony, Sydney Tim and Tho Barb. Tho racing was good throughout, and tho finish for all the evonts most exciting. The £100 Plate wns won by Mr Hurtle Fisher's Satellite, beating a field of fourteen starters. i/Xhe re appearance in front of tho popular roso and black was quite a treat for tho crowd, aud there waa waving of hats and handkerchiefs as tho winner was led to scale. Lady Clare won tlio Hurdle Race in quite her old atylo ; bnt iu the, next race there was something of a sur prise for those who pin thoir faith to the favorites. It was thought from the perform ances of Fcnelia at tho last meeting, that she would prove too good for the colts and fillies opposed to her in tho Sapling Stakes. There fore she was mado a vory strong favorite, and backed freely at 6 to 4 against tho field. However, MrL. L. Smith's Melancholy Jaques proved himself too good for her, the race falling to him after a severe contest all tho way up tho straight. Zonave was second, and Fenella third, but tho traditionary sheet could really have covered tho lot as- they passed the stand. Theu came tho event of tho dny, Iho Duko of Edinburgh stakes, and beforo this was run, lunch waa indulged in. After an honr of expectancy to some, but no doubt of enjoyment to others, the bell rang, and the ceremony of weighing having been gone through, the horses wero not long in getting into position, and then awuy. Tho grey and gold of Mr Cleoland, ? on Barwon, went past tho stand at a tremendous pace, the others lying closo np to him in an undistingnishablo mass. Er« a milo had been traversed, tho son of Boiardo had had enough of it, and therefore im pounded. Then ardent Victorians hud tho mortification of seeing the Sydney division draw away from tho field, Fireworks boing loading, Exile second and Tim Whiffler third. Driscoll was evidently making a waiting race of it. On rounding the turn ho called ou his horso, who responded, came with a rash to tho front, and won easily. Exile was aguin second, and Fireworks third. After the Steeplechase had been won by Banker, camo tho race for tho Galatea Stakes. As all the horses had gone for tho Duke of Edinburgh Stakes, this event was booked as a certainty for Mr De Mestro's splendid animal. The pot boiled over again, however, and, worse still, tho horso met with an accident, the extent sf which has not yet been ascertained. In tho first milo ho ran against a post and injured himsolf severely in tho shoulder. This left the race to Mr Tait's two, Fireworks and Glonooo, and in this order they camo past the post. In the Railway Stakes Rip Van Wrinkle proved him self a firm colt, bj winning in fair time, and boating a large field of horses. This concluded tho day's sport, andjn.a very fow minutos tho courso was deared'of the eager thousands, who took their way to town as their fancy prompted them. I may mention that tho catering in tho Prince's tent was done by Mr Soott of Scott's Hotel. Mr Mallara had tho grand stand bars and luricheon room ; while on the hill thoso on tho ' cheap ' ticket wero provided with an excellent cold luncheon in a marquee fitted np by Mr Tipper of the Haymarkot. Appended is tho detailed information : — Puts op £100. — Straight half milo. Ono sov entrance. The winner to be sold for £25. Mr H. FiBhcr's b g Satellite, aged, 8 nt 13 lb (Walsh) 1 Mi- J. Crough's br (? Warrior, agod, 8 at 13 lb ? (Htovons) 3 Mr 3. Holmos'H g g Protection, t- vm, 8 st 13 lb ? (Bishop) 3 Mr E. Do Mestro'B br g Kildare, 5 yiu, S Rt 13 lb ? (A_ Hill) 0 Mr J Toil's eh g Fulcon, kroiI, 8 sC 13 lb...(Stauloy) 0 MrS. Wuldook's ch in Timbrel, 0 yra, 8 at 11 lb ? (Oliifaoy) 0 Mr L. L. Smith's br m Grace Egerton, 3 yn», 7 Ht 7 lb ? (Sulliran) 0 Mr I. N. Porkitt'H b g The Kajah, agud (im-lul ng 7 lb over), !) Bt 0 lb ? (Pei-kins) 0 Mr W. Craig's b g Midshipman, «go-i, 8 Bt 13 lb ? (Curler) 0 Mr W. Boyd'a br g Cardigan, ugod, 8 Ft 13 lb ? (Boyd) 0 Mr S. Criclunore's bl c Darknuns, '2 yru (7 lb over), G st 3 ill ? (Uevoiwaux) 0 Mr H. Cuthbcrt's b f Miss Barwon, 3 yra (8 lb oviT), 8 st 1 lti ? (Hoore) 0 Mr M. MunBergh'B ch in Wulkaway, 0 yra (6 lb oror), 9 atn It)..: ? (.Wiioloy) 0 Mr G. Hugliea'a br g Oakloigh, 4 yrs, 8 Rt 11 lb ? ,„?„.„„„ ? , ? (Qriflui) 0 Rijah carried 7 lb, Darkness 7 lb, MisB Burwon 8 lb, and Walkaway 6 lb overweight. Betting : -i to 1 agst Timbrel, 4 to 1 Grace Egerton, 5 to 1 Falcon ; the winner not men tioned. The flag fell to an excellent start, the lot coming away abreast, snd it was some time before the leading horses could be mado oat, when Falcon, Warrior, Midshipman, Protec tion, Graco Egerton and Cardigan appeared to occupy tho most forward places, Satellite and Gruce Egerton being at their heels. On ap proaching tho distance, Satellite ran through his horses, Midshipman falling baok, cvidonUy iu difficulties ; Warrior and Protection, too, being fairly extended. Tho race was now over, Satellite maintaining his advintage, and ?winning cleverly by a leugth,Warrior defeating Protection ior second place by hall a length ; Midshipman running ia a very bad fourth. Timo, 53 seconds. HonDLE Racb. — A handicap sweepstakes of 5 Kivs e.oh, 2ft., with 150 added. About three .mUes Mr S Da. T'8'8 ch m La-!y CIarp. nS«i, 10 Bt 4 lb * ' ? (Downs*) I Mr'oT'wuT*. ''.s _b ,« 1'J-rruus, ftse.i (iiielud.us 2 lb over). 11 f.. '''??: ? (Callft ,-hnn) 2 Mr C. Kelly's brS ^'Pnso, agod, 0 i=t 12 II. (Kelly) ;; Mr JLBrWn'B gPg .^orkshlrcinon, ajrci, 10 « ; lb ? (Perkins) 0 Mr'T 'Coker'B 'b R Vk 'entluo, aged, in ct 4 lb , ? (WakiVleM) 0 Mr'uVwataoi'i ns'b'K ul'u'n-K s .vrs- 10 ot I lb (1 untie) 0 Mr T. Bailor's br g Sir WfNi?r, ajrod, !- st 12 lb „ ? ^. ? (Ryan) *? Mr's!'iiarding:f»'i'h Messenger, .- vrs (including Mbrxtra), UstO lb ? -.-? (Hardily) » Mr E. W. Uiuumond's g K Baron, »Kft.I- ?'? st i Ih l- ? ,x'Ohifno.T) 0 Mr J.'\viiitch'ea'l'a'b g Aotiv.i, ti yrs. 0 st. (A.'pinr.H) ? Mr II. Fisher's b g Natelllto. n^'sd, 9 Ht...(A. Di.:!mp) U Mr G. 'Wright's b m Moid of me Wannon, nged Sm lSlb ? (Harden) » Mr J. Artnstruu^'H b g Littlo King, U yr*.S s- V.1 il» ? , ? .'. ? (lI'Mimioyl (i Mr W. tVursou'a b 5 Couut, siscd. S Bt li! lb ? (M'Donald) 0 . I'yrrhus carried 2 lb, Messenger 5 lb, aud Couut 2 lb over weight. Betting: 5 to 2 agst Sir Walter, 0 to 1 York shiroman, Pyrrhns, Baron and Lady Clare ; S to 1 Littlo King, 10 to 1 Surprise. On tho full of the flag, tho fourteen at onco made for the first hurdle, the pace being very fust, the lot getting over without a mishap, Satellite, YuWntiue, nnd Little King , being uligbtly in advance. At tho nest hurdlo Satellite jumped crosswise aud fell, also bringing Laurel and Littlo King to grief. Mes- ? senger, too, who was in the wake of Mr Fisher's horse, and wi.j could not be turned, jumped ou to Satellite and fell also, breaking Harding':; collar bone. This threw the tielil into confu- . sion, and in tbo scramble The C.Mint managed to slip away from the lot nnd obtained u strong lend, which he held past the old stand and abattoirs, followed by Lady Claro, Pyrrhns und Valentine, the fuvorito, with Tho .Baron, Y«rk shironnui. Surprise and Active being some dis tance in the rear. On coming into the straight running -Lady Clare went to the front aud led past the stand, followed by l'yrrhns, Count, Baron, Sir Walter and Yorkshire-man. This order whs held up the river side and past the old stand, when Sir Walter begun to move \ip, and, when looking all over a winner, fell war tho abattoirs. At tho following hurdlo The Count ran round the leap, leaving iho muro nnd Mr Watson's horae to contest the raco alone. A very exciting finish ended in favor of Lsdv Clare, beating Pyrrhus by three quarters of a length ; Surprise a bad third ; then came Active, Baron, and Yorkshireman, tvho was pulli-fl 6ft' and walked in at his ease. Sapijng Stakes. — A handicap sweepstakes of 10 sovs oach, 2 ft., with '200 added, for two year-olds. Threo- quartors of a mile. Mr L. Ij. Smith's b c Mol»m;holy Jaques, 2 yrs, 8 st 7 Hi ? (Skinloy) 1 Mr T.J. MtMghrnn'N bl c Zoaare, 2 yrs, S st...(GrifiUi) '£' Mr U. B. 1'ishor'B br f Fouellu. 2, yra, S st i Ih ? (S. Davis) !f Mr C. B. Fishers b r My Dromn. 2 yrs, 8 nt 2 lb ? (Walsh) * Mr K Waldoct na br o Littlo Britou, 2 yr», 8 nt ? , ? (.?iulUvan) O Mr Tj. I* Smith's br c Monsieur ho i'oiui, 2 yiv. 7 Ft 10 lb ? (Mitnlipli) 0 Bettiug: 6 to 4 on Fenella, 3 to 1 against Melancholy Jaqmes. A.ter one false start, which had been pre ceded by a private littlo gallop indulged iu by Monsieur Le Beau, who overpowered his rider, tho lot got away, tbo spots of Maribyrtion^ ap pearing to havo much tho worst of it, whiok may bo accounted lor by both tho fillies being a little restive at tho post, particularly My Dream. Melancholy Jaques soon carried his colorB to tho fore, followed by Zonave and Fcnulla, wh» was several lengths from tho black colt. These positions were never exchanged, M- L. L. Smith's colt running a good aud gnmo raco to the end, and landing his colors first by :i length; three parts of a length dividiug Zouave from Fonella, My Dream coming in a vory bad fourth. Time, 1 miu. 21 sec: The Dukb oy EDiununan Stakks. — A. handi cap sweepstakes of 5 sovs each, 2 ft., with 50O added, and 50 for tho socond horse, tho third ';o save his stake. Ono milo and a half and a distance. Mr II Do Meatre's b h Tim Whiffler (S.J, ft yrs, IB nt lib ? ( 'i-lscoli) 1 Mr K. Molhado'H b g Exile, iigcd, 8 st I lb (Water man) ? - Mr J. Talfs 1) c Flrovrorku, :'. yra, 7ni 7 Hi (Stftnlay) ;: Mr W. Cralg'H b h Tim WhiiUor (V)., a yra, S si!) lb ? (Ciirlorj 0 Mr E. It Bugot's, g m Cowrn, !- yrn, S k| ... (J. Hill) O Mr W. Field's b « Strop, U yrs, 7 at 13 lb ? (MiteholKon) » Mr J. CkoUind'a bh Barwou, uged, 7 st W l- ? (Alf. UUI) 0 Mr J. IXolmes's b g Woodiiiiin, uguJ, 7 st 5 1b ? (IT. Taylor) 0 Mr P. Lowis'b g g Turyboy, ugod, caivli-d 7 Bt A j lb ? (3. Davin) O Mr J. Tait'fl ch 0 Glcncois, a yrs, 7 Bt ;! Hi (Bennett) O Mr O. R Fiahor'a b f Sylviu, « yre, carried ; st ? (I'ullar) 0 Mr J. Lamb's oh g Cedric, ag-(\, i- nt 12 10 ? (Turustall) 0 Mr S. Waldouk 113 br f Queen ol' Lie.utx, . yri. 6 at 9 lb ? (Su'.Hviw) » Mr O. B. Kishor'a br or bk c Tho Swell, S yrs. 6 Ht 7 lb ? (.Southii.ll) 0 Mr U. L. Smith's b in .Lauwnhtro Witch, .J yrs, C st 4 lb ? (A(Wmley) P Toryboy carried 1^ lb, and Sylvia -i lb over weight. Betting: 2 to 1 against Tim Whilllor, 3 to 1 Fireworks, 5 to 1 ouch Exilo and (Juecm ol Hearts. There was a false start, in which Lancashire Witch, Cowra, Qaeen of Iloarts and Wood man broke away, but were boon brought back ; a good start being effected at tho nest attempt, immediately after which Banvon went to the front, and carried on the miming at a gent pace, Exilo, Woodman and Fireworks beinu: iu closo attendance, behind whom aglin camo Tim Whiffler, Toryboy, Strop, Sylvia, and the others in close order. On tbo inner siJo Fire works took second place, Tim Whitller third, Toryboy fourth, beside whom vvus Exile. After passing tho old stnnd Barwon bogau to declino, and gave way to Fireworks, Tim Whiillor and Esilo, Toryboy also holding out signals of distress. In this order they entered tho straight rnn in, when Tim WhilHor camo up on tho outside and challenged the colt. Exile close on tho pair tuidor tho rails. Tho favorite succeeded in slinking off tho son of: Kelpio half way up the distance, Exile at tho samo timo making u rush at the crack, bat showing a great disposition to bug the rails, and it was not until the stand was reached that he could be brought to tbo outside of Tim Whiffler. Both woro uon- at it and caeh gal lantly responded, Exile gaining at every stride, out never getting fairly on to Tim Whiffler, who won by half a length, Fireworks being about a length behind, Toryboy a bad fourth. Timo, 2 min. 50 aeo. Steeplechase. — A handicap sweopstakes, of 5 sovs each, 2 ft., with 250 added. Abont threo miles. Mr Q. Watson's br g Banker, aged, 12 Ht 3 lb ......... ? (JohntmoH) I Mr D. Swoonoy'B b g Woi.tuiu, aged, !) Ht 7 It), ? ? (Chfm-y) 'J Mr W. 1-. Bowea'a br g Bibblor. « yrs, 11 Ktfl Iu... ? : ? (Mr Bowes) !! Mr J. Whiiehoad'a b g Hondo, li yra, l'l st, (Aspinull) » Mr S. Hordiug'a ch g Echo, a^nd, a Ht 10 lb, (K«lly) O Mr J. Faris's b g Bonlviu iioy, uaoil, 9 nt 10 lb, ... ? (Hiirdon) 0 Mr R. 0rr'« ch g Vondon, a^-ed, !)hi ill), (M'Niminy) 0 Mr J. Evans'B roan g Klrnuiil, ngod, 1) Ht 7 lb ? ? , ? (Kvtin.-f) -* Mr K. W. Ha-inuiond'H fa- g Barou, a^od, 9 Ht 2 lb, ... ? J(E. Bishop) ft Mr J. Wuitohead'i! b g Woodumn, li yrs, i) Ht .'2 11),... ? (Boyd) » Mr T. Jollott'B b m iilwlc liass, 'sod, a Bt S lb ? ? (l)ow )is») ft Mr J. Clooliuid u« h g (Uuio (J.iek. (lato Emblom), aged, 9 st 4 lb ? (Wu.koik-!d) U Babbler carried 2 lb, Firfttail !! lb, Wood man 2 lb, Black Bess 8 lb, and Gatno Cock 1 lb over weight. Betting : 2 to 1 agst Banter ; 0 to 1 each against Babblor. Bondo aud Pondon ; 10 to 1 against Firetail ; 10 to 1 against Western frooly offered, and 110 takers. Tho first to show in front waa Western, with Barou anil Bondo immediately behind, and tho rest in a cluster. Tho first fence was woll taken by Western, Boron, not so fortunate, ? striking heavily, Bond' jumping oa to his quarters, causing both to kiss mother earth and thereby settling their chances for the race. A littlo fur ther ou Firetail refused and spoiled his oppor tunity also. Western, Bouicia Boy, Echo, Pon don, Banker, aud Babbler, wore all running tvell and close topHher, whou ou leaving the train ing ground l'ondon went to tho front, followed by Echo, Western, Banker, and Babbler. At tho fence opposite -tlio otand I'ouJon over jumped himself and pitched, throwing his rider over his head, Wcstorn nearly performing the same ofiico for hia jockey, who fortunately get back again into his Keat, and, the horse never stopping, waa lirst over tho next fense. - Banker now vreat 00, and up the rivw side took second place, Echo and Babbler bemz tbo only tlliers in the race. Little moro nce»Ow said.' Banker gradually got on to the leader. Mid tiuding lie had him safe, half a mile from home again pulled off until the lnst fence was crossed, when n tine straggle ensned, Banker winning by half a length from Wes tern, Babbler n bad third; Echo was fourth, Benicia Boylifth, and Black Bess sixth. It wa afterwards 'discovered that the rider of Pondou had broken his collar-bone. The Galatea Stakes of 10 sovs each, h ft., with 250 added (aud 50 for tho second horso ; the third horse to save his stake). For threo year olds, C st 10 lb ; four years, 9 st ; five years, S st 9 lb ; six years and aged, 9 st 12 lb. Two miles. Mr J Tail's b c Fireworks, 3 yrs, C at 10 lb ? (SulliTan) 1 Mr'i'.'Taii/Ii 'eh c Ulencoe, 3 yre, C at 10 lb (Bennett) i! Mr C. U. Fisher's b or br f The Flj, 3 yrs, fi nt 5 lb ? (Jumicson) ? Mr e'do ileiitro's b h Tim Whiffler, 5 yrs, 1) st fl lb ? (Driscoll) 0 MrC.B.Fi'siier'sbf Sylvia, 3 yra.OBt 51b (Southall) 0 Mr E M. Baeot'a g in Giwni, 5 jtb, 9 bi 4 lb ? (S. Waldock) 0 Betting : 8 to 1 on Tim Whiffler, 5 to 1 against Fireworks. The horses were started from the Melbourne Cnp post, Fireworks at once going to the iront, followed by Sylvia, Tim Whiffler, The Fly, Cowra, and Glencoo last. In this order they ran up the straight half mile, and round the turn by the river, shortly after which the favorite tried to run up on the inside of Sylvia. There not being sufficient room, Tim Whiffler came into violent collision with a post, striking it with his head and nearly coming down. He was, however, persevered with, and although passed by Glencoe, took third place, Tho Fly and Cowra being some lengths behind, and Sylvia even further in the .rear. At the last turn Tim Whifller was stopped, Fireworks going on and winning easily, Glencoo second, The Fly a very bad third, Cowra fourth, after ?whom came Sylvia. The favorite was very giddy when he was pulled up, and was bleeding at the nose, besides being much bruised about the head. Time, 3 miu. 43 sec. The Railway Stakes, of 5 sots each. 2 ft, with £50 added. One mile. The winner to be sold for 300 sovs. If entered to be sold for 200 sovs, allowed 7 lb ; if for 100 sovs, allowed 141b. Mr G Lewis's b c Rip Van Winklo, 3 yrs, £200, 0 St. 12 lb ? (Bonuott) 1 Mr L.L. Smith's be L. L., 3 ynt, £100, « at 51b ? (Addorley) 2 Mr W. Craig's b U Tim Whifflor, 6 yra. '.) fit 7 lb ? (Carter) 3 Mr S. Waldock'a b or br t Palladium, 3 yrs, 7 st ? ,. ? (Sullivan) 0 Mr L. L. Smith's b c Melancholy Jaquea, 3 yrs, ♦ st 9 lb ? (Swalos) 0 MrG.Blooinlleld'sahBettdsmaD, -1 yrs, £100, 7 at 11 lb .; ? (Hooking) 0 Mr J. Urough's br g Warrior, agod, £100, Hut 5 1b ? (.Stevons) 0 Mr J. Lamb's cU g Codric, aged, £190, 8 st 5 lb ? (Ttimstall) 0 Mr P. Lewis's b c Phosphorus, 3 yrs. £200, G st 12 lb ? (Matheson) 0 Mr P. Parslow'.s b h Lath, aged, 3 st S lb (Blochferd) 0 Betting : 5 to 2 agst Melancholy Jaques ; 3 to 1 agst Rip Van Winklo. Melancholy Jaques was tho first to make the running, when he was deprived of it by Rip Jbu Wj;;^ ~^ -r-;^ it nn to iuoen-?j winning by a length:, the favorite dying off, and L.L. obtaining second place, and Tim Whifller third. Time, 1 min. 49 sec. 