monument should be erected in some prominent part of the citr. But that many of them did uot sympathise with, thinking it would hardly accord with his lifeandlabours as a minister of Christ ; and itwasthoughtamoretittinKmonuiuent; would l;ea church, where his congregation could worihip. and where the work to wiiich he had devoted his life could be cariied on and extended. Uu the day of the funeral he (Mr. Evan) suggested this to one or two, who fully sympathized with him, and he called a meetin?. when it was formally resolved to attempt what had now been accomplished. He could not say he looked back upon that meeting with unminglcd satisfaction. The building was then contemplated to cost one half what it had done, and the result had been that the fir.it subscriptions given had been in many casca since doubled, and in some more, but if they had beirun on a larger scale they woula haye made mere progiess. T iiey had exceeded what they con templated, and the cost of the building was aiready in excess ef the grand sum of jEIO.UJO. mentioned by Mr. Stow, and if it wa*. to be aitornei with a jpire- for it ought to receive that crowning glory ' -it would require something like £j,000 more. They had received sympathy and help from other Churches, though not more thai they had hoped to receive. Their best friend out of the celoyn had been the Bev. Thos. Binney(Hear) irao at great pewona' trouble collected ana for warded to them a noble sum. From Tasmania they received one contribution of £100. from Kew South Wales they had one or two small sub Bcriptions, in addition to a noble subscription from ihe ladies of Pitt-street for their bazaar, lfroru their neighbours in Victoria they received nothing until they received the Kev. Mr. Henderson. (Cheers.) Ob the principle, he supposed, that if Victoria did anything, it must do something great, bo they sent Mr. Henderson, and they were very glad to see him. (dear, hear.) They hod, as he saM, received help from others, but the bulk of the cost, aa was expected -and as it was light it Bhould-devolved upon their own people. The heavy balance which would appear against them would have been greatly reduced, but for the com mercial depression which ' had existed. Even the iadie*. with sll their energy arid de vices, had been very much baffled, and he muse express his admiration ot the z?al and devution which the ladies bad manifested, and that with very gratifying results, lie could not heli). seeing the building now it was completed, asking himself whether it wodIJ be as satistactory in practical effect aa it was in appearance. As to the ar.iceiul and pleasing character f-f the building he hal not heard two opinion?, and so far as he was able to judge, the acoustic properties were, for a building of that size, very favourable: and that when he got acquainted with it, he should be able to send sounds through every, part of it. (Hear, hear.) lie had been several times warned by his brethren that be would be done for when he got into the new building. But he could say he had ni little personal motive iu this movement as hi any he had ever been engaged in. He felt it was a work that ought to be done, and that if his physical Strength should prove unequal to the new circum stances, others would be found to do. the work, borne friends had found great fault that they had retained the pulpit He thought, however, the pulpit was a necessity of that style of building, and be must confess he liked it too.* He liked to be ?hut in, and what to his friend Mr. Henderson was h sense of oppression, Rave to him a sense of security. No doubt the fact of the pulpit being fixed in front of the platform was an inconvenience for public meetings, but they would be able to remedy that defect. He felt grateful to his brethren In the ministry, that whether Congregau'onalists. Wesleyans, Baptists, or Presbyterians, they had one and all readily agreed to take whatever part in 'the services was requested of them. (Loud hDDlause.) Jttr. Thomas Graves, the Treasurer, read a statement. Bhowing the cost of the church with the tower as it at present stood to be £10,900, towards Which he had received donations in cash to the amount of Xti.025, and there were some few promises yet to receive, say £100. They had borrowed £{,000 on mortgage, and so the balance be wanted independent of the mortgage to make tip the amount was £1,775. Towards that they bad some £22 to their credit in the Bank, and there were the whole of the proceeds of the services. Be should not be satisfied until he Baw the grounds enclosed by a wall and palisading, and then they would need to be planted, which together with tho tower would require about another £2.000. He also stated that the old chape), which it was originally intended to sell, had been let on lease to Mr. Young as a schoolroom, at £150 a year, whereby they secured the advan tage of using it for the Sunday-school, which btnenme would have had to be provided for at great expense. Mr. Graves also stated that the membw'n of the Committee who had bad. the ihanagement of tho work, could not, if they had been building for themselves, have done every thing they had more economically than the working members of the Committee had done. (Applause.) The liev. Jas. JfifTBEUB, LL.B , stated that he occupied the place which would have been plied by the Rev. C. Manthurpe but for domestic bereavement. While being called upon to bear his testimony and offer his public tribute to him whose memory was hallowed in every heart present, be did not think even the members of the congre gation of the Stow Memorial Church were more Indebted to Mr. Stow than the church which he was representative of. He was told that 3Ir. titow bad laboured for 10 long years to endeavour to establish a Christian community of the Congre gational faith at North Adelaide. They all knew fhat he was successful so far as the commencement was concerned, and when be (Mr. Jefleris) was in Sydney, sooa after Mr. Stow's death, he ws3 told that it had been one of his choicest consolations in bis dying hours that God had permitted him to do that work. Ho be thought that Thomas Quinton Btow had a second Memorial Church in the ciry. He had intended that night to pay a graceful tribute to Mi. Evan'd church, and to have said that (t was the most beautiful iu the city; but now he Would not— (laughter) -because of that ungracious perhaps. He would refer to Mr. Alexander Hny, who said a short time ago, aftei having seen all the new churches in London, that in point of beauty there was none equal to his at -orth Adelaide. (Hear, hear.) The resolution he had to move was— 'That this meeting would devoutly acknowledge the measure of Divine blessing vouchsafed to the labours of this Church since Us organization by the Bev. T. Q. Stow in the year 1837, and would earnestly pray that its occupation of this memorial sanctuary may be the means of enlarging its use ulnesa aud advancing the interests of our common JhrUtiauity.' Je had juat passed the old building in which they lad been worshipping with no lights in it, and ooking as if iu time were passed. The time had xmie when it was natural, both on account of Mr. 8tow'3 memory and in the interest* of the congre Nation, that they should arise and build, and they ad done so. They had raised an edifice that was cot only costly, imt it trus undoubtedly a. very beautiful one; and if he said any thing agninstthe eothic ttyle when the question respecting their lildiug was first mooted, he was now ready to retract or modify it. Hi? chief fear wa3 that the acouatic properties would be deficient, and he could point to many churches of the same style in the city where they were lamentably so. There was a good deal in the style that was appropriate in a building intended for worship; but after all he confessed he liked the interior of his own church better. (Laughter.) He took Mr. Henderson over it that day. and he would allow him to speak. The rev. gentleman proceeded to remark upon the evidences of progress of a Christian Church, which consisted uot merely iii imposing congregations, or even in the multiplication of its members, and said be believed from what he had iuen told that there had nevur been an era in the past in which the prosperity of the Church who were to worship In that budding had been gieater than at the present time. He most fervently hoped such was the case. He trusted that the many conveniences afforded by the new sanctuary would be the meat.8 of largely iucreasiug the usefulness, and that the Interests of common Christianity might be ad* vaned by it. There was a great deal too much sebum amongst Christians, each crying out for their own , particular 'ism, but he hoped that would not be the case here, but that a broad and comprehensive view of the truth would always be maintained, and that the teachings of their departed brother Mr. Stow, which he so faithfully maintained during his life, would be here constantly expressed. (Applause). The Uev. John Uaudneb seconded the reso lution. He, iu common with others, had como there that evening to express his congratulations on the accoiKpiUument of the work which had brought them together. There had been in the erection of that church the grateful remembrance of one who had passed away, and he thought the building well adapted to subserve the great object for which it had been erected. He held that the prosperity of a Church did not consist in the fact of the pews being let, or. that the sittings from Sabbath to Saobath were regularly occupied. They re Quired something beyond this. He believed the gospel was faithfully preached in Freeman-street by him, Which had now entered upon his rest. It might happen that some members -of a churcii would ?ometimei rise*up with a teal overmuch. They might say to the deacons or their fellow- members 'see ray zeaV' when it might be perhaps im possible to see it, and as a consequence those persons would go forth as they supposed to find some more congenial atmosphere. .Now it was one of the blessings o( Christianity that they could afford to look at the departing shadows of such, and say. ' peace be with you. He held that it was one of the signs of prosperity of a church when some were disposed to go out of the midst of it. This church in time past had to his mind always had that decided sifin. What would have become of High- street, Kensington— the first,, he believed, built after Freeman-street— if it had uot been for Freeman-street? Of course it would have been no where. What would have become of Clay ton Chapel ? It would have been nowhere. Where would Hindinarsh-Bquare have been had it not been for Freeman-street? It would have been nowhere. And more remarkable still, where would the Baptist Church have been but for Freeman-street I It would have been nowhere. (Applause.) Or where would that little one at Hinumarsh have been, and many more? Nowhere. Some times wanderers from freeman-street went to Chalmers Church, They would sit there and associate for some months or years, but the Northern atmosphere appeared too keen for them. They remained a few months, and after that be never saw them again, and he felt it a relief he could assure them. (A laugh.) He could bear testimony to the readiness 0 the Freeman-street congregation ever #W; contribute towards the support of missions at home and abroad, and he trusted in its future it would go on even more prosperously. He trusted Mr. Evan might be speedily restored to vigorous health and bodily strength— for there was no intellectual weakness-and that if not, the bodily weakness might be overruled, and that he might be even more successful in Jtis Master's work. The resolution was carried unanimoualy. EThe Rev. A. M. Headers w was received with applause. He said he felt rather n difficulty in Bpeoking that evening, as he ha4 already trespassed BO much upon them, and hardly liked to occupy the principal part of the meeting. He ivi.-hed to express his great pleasure in beins pre.-stnt at a meetinirof that kind, ai.d Its attendant services. and of seeing the work brought to a deiighttul consummation. Prom friends of his wiio had Visited South Australia re had heard reports in variably in their favour as a Bt-.ady community, in which thereiwa3 more real solid life t.'.an in the hurry of hii own colony, and much cf a religious life and tendency to religious things. He had seen some of this '.hirmp ilus sliort stay, and also witnessed one of the 1110,16 peculiar char acteristics of their city, and certainly, within such limits, he had never seen eo many beautiful churches finished of such a costly character as in Adelaide. (Hear.) He was not goin&r; toli.-ht the tattle of the styles and to define which he thought best, but the church they contemplated erecting in Melbourne was not in the Gothic or Italian style, but rather more in the earlier liolhic. They in tended to have it in its interior more like a theatre than a church. He considered that the devil was one of the most sensible and sagacious beings, and architecture had engaged, rns | attention for a considerable time, as was j seen by the inside of a theatre, arid the con venience manifested for the comfort of plajere.. whose throats never Ret out of order; and 'many as 5,000 persona mignt hear a whisper in a theatre, whi e in some small chapel, holdinn about 40J c-raons the pre.'cher could scarcely be heard. They therefore thought that the style of the theatre I woud Le tlie b(*t adapted for the V^osaot j worship. The pulpit was always too cons rained for him. although in that building u was adapted to the style in winch it was erected. He rmut however, W that tint church was one of the, if not the meat beautiful structures of its character upon which he hud ever looked. (Hear.) He felt verv thankful to their respected pastor for his kindness. He had heard him 111 Lmdon himself. and also Mr. liinne\'s opinion, that h-: was one of the most accomplished men and speakers he had ever heard, lie would, however, try and Uun his attention to another »u!'j -M thas evening. There had been something iaid in the sermon on Sunday afternoon which had interested him, and he had noticed that it had ken al.-so referred to by Mr. Kvan on Fridnv evening. The present was a period in which many fancied there was danger of the truth of Christianity being diverted from iU current by the streams of Rationalism and Ritualism, connected with infidelity and super stition. The sceptic and the superstitious worked altogether in the same community. Although Ritualism was beginning to show its head, was there any change in the actual condition of things? They knew where the seed was; where they had a State-supported Church, the Church relymg upon the arm of flesh for its sustenance. It was now affecting England, and through her their com munity. Looking upon the Anglican Church-he spoke without harshness— they saw Ritualism in two forms embedded in it. No new development; the whole tliiiw a manifestation of the principles th35 hadilain hidden in the first act of the Church, thut the cliild was subjected to every mouth at the communion. With regard to scepticism, they all knew how much there lay in the heart of man something which would rise up in rebellion against truth. In the floating science of the present day, distilled from innumerable papers throughout England, there was continually coming into opera tion something aiming to discover wrong in the Holy Book, that it might be rejected. Contem plating those things side by side, they saw how the man of superstition drove the other into scep- ticism; while, on the other hand, multitude; rushed from that scepticism to Rome itself to find some rest there for their wearied souls. But was there anything 'to dread in that movement? He thought not. As one connected, with the educa tion of young men he had investigated those things, examined into them, and refuted them, and he did not fear them. There was always side by side with them developments of another order. At the time of Henry VIII, when that strange man would burn a Puritan to day and hang a Papist the next, some holy men commenced a Reformation in England. It was carried on in the reign of Edward VI, but on the accession of Mary there was a retrogression towards Romanism. In the revision of the Liturgy the upholding of the real presence of the Lord in the sacrameut laid the foundation for what at present existed. The Puritans then rose into strength, although the Star Chamber and the Inquisition fined men £20 per month for not attend ing seryice in the parish churches, rendering it a matter of as much' difficulty to practice pure religion there as it would have been m the city of Home itself. But the Puritans grew stiU, until James L came to reign, and then he took pre cisely a similar course— 'to harry them out of the land.' He to a certain extent succeeded, but how glorious was the result 'ihey found an asylum in Holland from Protestant Popery, and a vessel afterwards left England with anather party, who founded the colony of flew England. The prin siple which led them there was, that they might have freedom to worship God, and with their lives consecrate themselves to the service of leliovah. At that time the first attempt to pro pagate Rationalism took place in 1664, and it was followed by other works on the subject by Hobbs. Just, however, at the time the first principle of missionary enterprise began to work, and the first missionary, in the person of George Elliot, went fortb amongst the Mohicans and other Indian tribes from the settlement of Virginia in America. There remained the fact that Ritualism drove these men out of the land, and that missionary work sprung into existence auhe same time that nationalism commenced in England. What existed at present? Why, the fuut remained that the prompters of infidelity and Ra- tionalism hardly dared to. speak but, while the glorious working of their missionary societies were exemplified by hundreds of thousands of converts. In the resolution that hod been spoken to that night a retrospect had been taken, and, in looking back to 12 months ago, when ° he com menced a work in the City of Melbourne, he was led to look forward now to the time when he contemplated opening a church larger than the one they then met in. The question of spiritual prosperity was a deeply touching one to him. He thought of the woudrous future laid before that Church, and the well being of the young came up before him, and in whom he took a great interest. If he had a desire stronger than any other, it was that he might see young souls won to the Lord Jesus Christ. . (Applause.) He wished to say a few words especially to them. Their Chairman had reminded them of the' universal law that one generation must pass away to leave room for another. When any one said to him, ' Well, I hope my son will make a better man than his father,'1 he heartily echoed the sentiment. Their advantages -were infinitely greater than those of their fathers, who had come out in the early days of the colony, and had undergone trial and difficulty to prepare the land for their habitation. They had more opportunities to dedicate their hearts to God, and to take advantage of the blessings bestowed unon them than those who had gone before them. Ho knew it was a hard matter to divert the young (rom the pursuit of pleasure and get them to put on old heads and old hearts, but would they have »n old head remain young they must begin to put it on at once in the early period of their life. Iu the course of 26 years as a minister of the Gospel he had seen not a few who, haviug refused to* take this responsibility upon them in early life had become mere wrecks and ruins uf man. He saw an instance of it in the streets of Melbourne a shoit time ago. \V hile, on the other side, ho had seen aged disciples, on the verge of 90, with hearts as young and fresh as ever they were. They had nad trials as other people; but they possessed that principle within which preserved their souls, and which made them, while sinking into what others weuld be decrepitude and decay, still lively, vigorous, and possessed of youthful joyousuess. Contrast this with the worldling's pursuit of pleasure, aud his vain regrets when life was nearly over. It was that tiiat caused Thomas Moore, a poet hardly surpassed by Tennyson himself, to sing— This world U but a fleeting show, For man's illusion given ; The smiles of joy, the tears of woe Deceitful shine, deceitful flow — There's nothing true but heaven.' Thus sung Moore, and Byron also indulged in the same strain upon his 33rd birthday It was this which. led the Preacher to exclaim 'Vanity of vanities, all is vanity.' Ami such was the feeling of evety man who had tried the pleasures of the world, and found them wanting. Let them yield themselves unto God, and seek that for which they were created. Whsn he thought of that future which lay before them— that brighter day for the Christian Cburch-he looked down the vista, of time, and saw thousands of the people filling that land with noble deeds, and leading souls to eternal felicity— that was what, in his. idea, constituted the prosperity of the Church, (Applause.) There was one word in Scripture, which in the infinitude. of its meaning?, .defined the prosperity of the Cnri-tian Church ; it was '.' salyatton.' Science and other studies were all very well in a subordinate position, but the salvation of bouIs should be the grand aim of life. He had often tried to give expression to the thought, ' saved from death,' as viewed in the language of the Apostle James. He bad trie! tu tbink of what that death meant: but he could not. It was beyond his thought— the death of damnation, banishment from the presence of the Lord and the glory of His power. To think of the wondrous faculties God had given to man having to endure that! If it were possible to collect all the anguish tbat bad tormented humanity from the time of man's being and deal it out drop by drop to one tingle individual, the time must eonie when it would be exhausted j but eternity would never be exhausted, and still it must endure.. Then, on tho other hand, if it were possible to concentrate all the juy and bliss that mankind had ever known, and deal it out in abundant floods of goodness to one single soul, when all that was exhausted it would be as nothing in the immensity of eternity. Une won dered,- in view of these incalculable bless ings, that the salvation of souls was not pursued with the deepest earnestness. When his time on earth was over, and he was laid in the grave, he would rather than anything else have carved oil the rudest stone kid over him by the hand of gratitude tho word*, ' He sated a soul from death.' That was a joy which every man and woman could obtain, and it would be the greatest joy in heaven. As his last word to them he would say they re mained there to live and act; he went to another place to livo and act;but might they all meet again, if not below, at God's bar in joy. Applause.) An anthem was then given by the choir. The liev. James Mauguan moved ' That the thanks of this meeting be presented to the ladies for their kindness in providing the tea, to His Honor the Chief Justice for presiding, and to the choir for their efficient services during the whole proceedings.' The iicv. W. Qarccs seconded the motion, which was carried nem. con. The C'iiaihman returned thanks on behalf of the ladies, choir, and himself^ and the doxology having been eung, the benediction was pronounce! and the meeting closed. Several pieces of music were sung by the choir during the evening. The total amount realized by the whole of the services, including a sale of articles held by the ladies in White's Koom on Tuesday before the tea, was about £M). ? _^ STOW MEMORIAL CHURCH. The building now bo far completed is in the early English Gothic style, with adaptations from the Barue period of French Gothic, and is wholly con structed oi stone, without ' compo' or ' stucco' in any shape to the exterior, me plan tuners much from the usual arrangement of nave and aisles, the nave being much wider than usual, in fact equalling in width some of the English Cathedrals; whilst the aisles, instead of being half the width of the nave, as is customary, are only one quarter the width, leaving very nearly the whole of the sittings unobstructed by pillars, and open to the view of the minister. This plan, whilst adopting the appropriately constructive arrange ment of nave, aisles, and clerestory, has not its disadvantages, for the side aisles are reduced to passages, with sittings to be only occasionally used. The general exterior plan is about 140 feet in length, by a breadth across the nave of GO feet, and at the transept of 80 feet. A tower and spire, of which two storeys are now built, ind roofed in, abuts on the eastern transept, but on the other three sides is clear of the building, and when com pleted will rise to the height of 170 feet from the pavement to the top of the vane. The building is constructed upon massive foun dations of concrete, and the whole of the works are of the most durable and substantial character, none of the walls of the church being less than 2 feet 4 inches thick, and varying from that dimen sion to 3 feet, whilst the tower rests on a wide con crete foundation, formed with Portland cement in place of lime, and has walla, exclusive of buttresses, 5 feet thick, diminishing to 4 feet where the tower is n8w roofed in. The interior of the church is, within the nave, from the orchestra arch to the south window, !H fee'. 0' inches, by a breadth in the clear of the columns of 35 feet, the whole interior breadth of the nave being 52 feet, which is increased at the transepts to 73 feet, the interior being also 44 feet huh from the Moor. Galleries are proposed over the vestibule at the south end and over the tran septs, but they are not yet constructed. At the back of the ministers pliiUonn is a iolty arch for the organ and orchestra, which is constructed over the vestries. The platform is raised about two feet, and has a handsome pulpit. The whole accommo dation, including the galleries andorclnstra, will fee for about 1,200. At present there are sittings for about 800 on the ground floor. The whole of the interim- fittings are of Sydney cedar, and are in good taste. A handsome clock has been preseuted by Mr. Perryman. Two principal entrances are provided; one lead ing by two doors under the handsome portico in the south front, and the othei leading from a lobby formed by the lower part of the tower. The principal entrance, fronting Victoria-square, has a projecting portico, with freestone columns sup porting pointed arches and an open parapet, above which is a large fanlight window with geometrical tracery. The two transepts have wheel windows in their gables with similar tracery. The interior of the church is divided into nave and aisles by columns supporting pointed Gothic arches, and a clerestory, from wliicli the principal light to the nave is derived. The columns nowhere interrupt the view of the platform. The interior is lofty ; the ceiling is of hexagonal shape, and is constructed of open timber work with plastered panel* painted blue. The clerestory is lighted by eiaht wiudows of three lights each, having geometrical tracery. There are three vestries behind the plat form, also staircases leading to the pro posed transept galleries and to the organ gallery. The building has been entirely con structed of Glen Usmond stone and Glen Ewin freestone, the front portico being entirely of free stone. The whole is of the most substantial and durable character, and is chaste and elegant in design. The contracts, which do not include the upper part of the tower and Bpire, amount to about £10.000, exclusive of the land. The dimensions of the building are all multiples of the figure 7. For instance, the nave is 35 feet, or 5 times 7; the aisles one 7, or7'0wide; the length of the nave 14 times 7, or y8 feet. The height up to the springing of the roof, the same as the width of the nave, U 35 feet whilst the centie part of the ceiling is at the upper end 42 feet, or 0 tiines 7. The other and inferior dimensions are also arranged upon the same principle. It is, we believe, admitted that the acoustic properties of the Church are very good. The builders are Messrs. Brown k Thompson, formerly English & Brown, and they have carried out the work in the most creditable manner. The beautiful curving was done by Mr. Peters, formerly of Dublin, and tne whole of the works have beeu designed and carried out under the superinten dence of Mr. U. G. Thomas, F.U.S.B.A., lately assisted by Mr. Garlick, architect, of Adelaide, 'i he exuuisite beauty and chastened of the church have been the subject of remark for some time past; ami now that it is so far completed as to be opened for public worship, its harmonious propor tions and grand effect have been admitted by all who have Been it. The building is a real ornament to .the city. It is far superior iu effect to any other ecclesiastical edifice in the colony, and does credit to the architect who designed it, to the builders who erected it, aud to the congregation who have been spirited enough to carry it out. Inaugdbal Service. On Friday evening, April 12, an inaugural service was held in the church, which was com* fortai'ly filled on the occasion. The proceedings were commenced by the Kev. C. W. tvau giving out the 779th Hyrun 'Oh thnu to whom in ancient times The lyre of Hebrew bards was strung; Whom kingB adored in songs sublime, And people praised with glowing tongue.' The Rev. G. Stonehouse read the 67th Psalm, and the Rev. M. H. Hodge engaged in prayer. The Revs. J. Lyall and F. W. Cox having read portions of Scripture, and offered prayer, The Rev. C. W. Evan delivered the following dedicatory address :—' By the good hand of God upon us we have been permitted to witness the completion of this building, and unite in the lira song of praise, aud in the first prayers offered within its walls. It has seemed to us appropriate that the first public service held in the chuich should be main y of a devotional character; that worship should take precedence of instruction. To many of us, at least, the occasion is a solemn and a joyful one, and our thoughts and emotions find their most fitting expressions in praise and sup ttlication. Fervent, indeed, should be our sone o: inailKSgiving, auu earnest me prajer which we breathe before God. We usk the Hod whom we worship and serve to accept the works and offerings of our hands. We seek grace that we may worship Him in spirit and in truth, that we may serve him acceptably with reverence and godly fear. We pray that the beauty of Jehovah may be upon us. We have erected this house unto His name. We trust that we have had no lower aim than the promotion of His gloiy, that we have sought not our own, but the thiiigs which are Jesus Christ's. It is only as we have this conviction that we can now with true hearts seek the divine sanction and smile. .Shame, indeed, would belong to us, aud confusion - f face woult be our desert, if while professing to build and dedicate a house unto God, we were seeking only our owu aggrandisement, or the furtherance of a favourite lor:u or name. But though our hearts condemn us not as to our ruling aims and motives, yet it is not with a feeling of pure complacency that we can look uuon the best of our works, and when we bring them into the presence of the Holy One, and ask His approval, wo feel that we have also to a-k the forgiveness of the sin which disfigures and mars them. The structure which we thus dedicate to God's service is admitted by all observers to possess some degree of material excellence and beauty, but it is none too beautiful- none too good for the use to which it is devoted. Grand and costly edifices have been erected for purposes mean, and morally ques tionable, while too frequently buildinss raised for the noblest and best of ends have been rude and unsightly struc.ures. In many cases, indeed, the meanness of the Christian sanctuary has been a necess.ty of circumstances. The Christians of the first ceiuury, for instance, whatever might be their views of the externals of religion, had neither the wealth nor the liberty to erect goodly sanctuaries, and in subsequent ages many of the followers of Chris', poor and persecuted, like their Master, have leen too thankful for any manner of loof iiniltrnhichtoa-senihleforworship. But in a community like ours, where Christians are numerous and comparatively rich, dwelling in imusts supplied not only with all the comforts but with many of I he luxuries and costly adornments of civilization, itweie vinly a shame that the house of their Father, which is more properly called their home than any other earthly habitation, were marke-! by unsightbness and poveny and discom fort. The wor- hipof Go-lisa greater thing than the business of the world, and the blessings of the sanctuary are even more precious than the bless ings of home; and we ewe not why, in a commu nity like ours, claiming to be called Christian, the House of God should not surpass all other build ings in prominence of position and in beauty of conception and workmanship; while it should, by its very form and aspect, present a clear indication of the sacred use to which it is devoted, and thus become to man, amid the absorbing puisuitsand the materializing influences of earth, a client but con picuoin witness lor the Living God and etenm things. For whom are our best and most beautiful things1, if not for the God of love and beauty? Not that He has need of anything at our handB, but he takes pleasure in the offerings of love and devotion, and the soul that tiuly and intelligently loveB will not offer unto Him the mean or blemished sacrifice. The notion that all beauties of art should be dissociated from the Christian sanctuary and the worship of God, as if He who made all things beautiful delighted in deformities here, needs no confutation in our time. Many early Christian?, not sufficiently distinguishing between religion and art in Paganism, looked upon art with suspicion and antipathy. Because Die beautiful w a known to them as allied to the unholy, the beautiful was renounced and treated as profane. The same error has been committed in more recent times, and in the section of the Church of Christ with which we are more paiticularly identified. Our Puritan forefathers, harassed and impoverished by oppressive enactments, were compelled to erect rude inartistic structures, in any obscure locality where they could find an asylum. But what was with them a necessity of their position, some of heir descendants came to look upon as a fixed accompaniment of pure and undefiled religion. All artistic beauty in connection with the house of God was associated in their minds with cor ruptness of worship and teaching. Happily, wiser thinking and a better spirit prevail in our day, and it is no longer thought necessary that a building where the best and most beautiful things arc to be taught and enjoyed, should itself be devoir! of every attribute of 'grace and comeli ness. But we must not feel too secure against the opposite and prevalent evil of lifting the externals and accessories of worship out of their proper sphere— that of strict subordination to the spiritual in religion. Unhappily it is but too manifest that there is no necessary connection between the beauty of church architecture and the beauty of holiness that should pervade the worship of God. In the rudest structure, raised without pro'essional aid of architect or builder, there may be such worship as the Father feeketh and such teaching as sinful men need, while in the building of the highest architectural pretens'ens and merits the worship may be cold and formal and the teaching feeb'e and fruitless, and the grand edifice may prove but a garnished sepulcnre. Our earnest prayer to-night is that within these walls men may draw nigh unio God with true hearts, by one Spirit, through the one Me diator; and that the teaching of the pulpit may 1* inspired and energised from above. These are the fcwo purposes for which the building has been erected— worship and teaching— worship offered to God and instruction communicated to man. The two thing3 are very dot ely allied and often blended in the tervice of the sanctuary; but they are in their nature, distinct, audit ianiauifeatlj important iat in the public exercises of the Church each lould occupy its proper place and have its due share of attention. An impression prevails that, as Congregationalism, we have given undue pro minence to the sermon as compared with what is more'Jdirectly ». worship. ?* Some;.ofiour.:fforms!,of speech seem to betray the error. The devotional | portions of the service are commonly described as introductory. Going to a particular place of wor ship is going to hear a certain preacher. Persona among us who arrive late in the sanctuary— and with some this is habitual— seem to think it a trivial shortcoming if they are in time for the ser mon. Akin to^this, 'foremost iin the minds of many Christian people in connection with their vis'ttothehouseof God. is the idea of getting good —of receiving profit. It were well, indeed, if none came up to 'the place of the holy' from a lower motive; but the godly man is surely capable of being prompted by a higher. Does he come to the church, as he goes to his counting-house, simply for what he can get by it? Is the temple only a spiritual mart, to which the trafficker-! come with the ruling question, ' What profit shall we havei'1 Should Christians not say, rather as the Lord's Day dawns upon them, with its sweet and hallowed memories and associations, 'Oh. come let us worship the Lord ; let us make a joyful noise unto the rock of our salvation; let us come before His presence with thanksgiving; let us kneel before the Lord our Maker, for He is our God, and we are the people of His pasture, and the sheep of His hand.' Is there no gratitude springing from a sense of God's rich goodnes--, yearning for ex pression in the solemn hymn of praise? Is there no impression of the greatness, the excellence, the purity, and the condescension of God constraining the soul to adore and magnify His holy name? la there no sense of sin and unworthiness impelling the soul to the presence of God, to the feet of the Redeemer to confess and pray and trust? It were well indeed if Christians, on repairing to the sanc tuary, expected less from man, and rendered more glory to God, bringing into His courts the truest mid devoutust offerings of their hearts. Ihey would find that a more excellent way, even in re spect of profit, for then would the human ministry prove to them the vehicle of richer blessing. In the public worship of GoJ, from the synagogue downwards, the service of song has had its place and its importance. Our view of t'lis is that it fhuuld be us far as practicable congregational. 'Let the people praise the Lord.' If an instru ment is used, if a choir, official or semi-official, is employed, these are in no wise to exercise vicarious functiouB— to praise Go-1 for or in place of the assembly; but they are to be held strictly subordinate and auxiliary to the general concert of the people in the exercise of praise. In this respect we have much to desire. Many good people appear in the church, and while God's praises are sung they are mere listeners and spectators, as if they had received from God neither hearts nor voices. They thus withhold from common worship that which they ought to contribute, and deprive their fellow worshippers of the aid which the sympathy of numltcrs is designed to afford. As to the cha acter of the psalmody, let it be artistic if it may. The best of music, as well as the best of architec ture, should be consecrated to God; but it were a titvut calamity if, while gaining in artistic excel lence and effect, it became undevout, not to say frivol'.us. Wu Jo not think that the Author of all harmonies has any pleasure in harsh and discor dant Rounds ; but we are sure that the rudest and most inharmonious strains of the most rustic congregation, if, at the same time, hearty and fervent, are more acceptable to the ear of God than the most artistic and harmonious melodies, if with the understanding of song and the xcellence of performance there is wanting the spirit of praise and the heart of devotion. There is mi reason, however, why culture should We undevout in any department of God's service. There are reasons why culture should prove help ful to devotion. While we earnestly desire that those portions of the public service which are more strictly worship may be of a more spiritual and elevated character, we cannot afford in our time to assign to teaching in the sanctuary a lower position than it has occupied among us. As Congrega tionalists we are but a small section of the great Church of Christ in the world, but what position we have attained in that Church, and what in fluence pertains to that position, we owe very largely to the degree of intelligence and spiritual elliciuncy with which the truth of God lias been pro claimed among us. W( owe little to our organiza tion except freedom fro.n certain evils which may have entrammelled others. We owe little to wealth or prestige. We have inherited but a small share of these. But we owe much under God to the power and fidelity with which' godly men among us. speaking verily as they were moved by the Holy Ghost, have preached the everlasting Gospel, and expounded the laws and principles of Christ's Kingdom. We honour the memory of the first Congregational pastor and the founder of the Congregational body in this land, and whosename is to be permanently associated with this building. And to what does he owe the eminent position which the common voice of the Churches has assigned to him ! Doubtless to a variety of things, for he wa3 endowed with a rare combination of qualities; but mainly, I think, to the clearness and force, and consistency with which he proclaimed the truth of Christ, and advocated the interests of our common faith. And whatever may be wanting here in time to come, I pray that there may be provided for those who shall assemble a true, efficient, and faithful ministry of God's holy Word. On such ministry depend* in no secondary degree the edifying of the body of ChriBt— on such a ministry largely depends the conversion of sinners from the errors of their wa)s. Much as ia effected in' our day oy the Sunday-school, the religious press and other appliances, ihe preaching of the Gospel still occupies a foremost place among the agencies that God employs to save sinners. ' to arouse the careless, the presumptuous awe, and turn the tide of souls another way.' And the objects for which this building has been raised will not be fulfilled if here sinners are are not drawn to the uplifted Saviour— if here the sin burdened anil troubled soul Joes not find rest aud peace— if here the voice of the prodigal is not neaid saying, ' Father, I have sinned'— if here the hearts of the contrite ones are not revived and blessed. God forbid that any Gospel should be preached here which shall not go down with its Divine remedy to the roots of man's need— which shall not reveal to him in his sin and wretchedness the Christ of God. the Christ Incarnate, crucified, risen, lad ever living to save. I trust that for generations to come the truth as it is in Jesus will be proclaimed here in its sim plicity and in its fulness— for simple enough is it to meet the requirements of the humblest and most illiterate, and full and deerj enouuh ia it to b.ui'-ij ii ic mmi ui me proiuunucsi puiiosiipiier, u, while a great 'man in understanding.' he is also 'a child in malice' aud in heart. We have no reason to appiehend that amid the remarkable develop ments of the present day, and the foreshadowed developments of the future, the everlasting Gospel will be outstripped and left behind, an inanimate thin;; of the past. It is still young, and was never mure vigorous: and we have a strong persuasion that if tne preacher of the Gospel were up to his vocation, he would be found in the van of all true progress, and would hail in liis Master's name every light of philosophy, and every discovery of science, being assured that all truth, as well as all grace, centres in the fulness of Him by whom all things were made, and by whom all things consist. Referring again for a moment to the mutual relations and mutual dependence of worship and teaching, history has its Iesson3 to read to us on this BuUject. One of these lessons is, that true and efficient teaching is essen tial to the purity and spirituality of worship. It has been observed by n wise man among us, that 'Kvery age distinguished by an enlightened and earnest Chi istianity has been an age no less dis tinguished by an enlightened and earnest preach ing of the Gospel. In ages of superstition forms are raised into the place of instruction; in ages of piety instruction is raised into the plaw of forms. Separate from preaching, the meaning of external observances, even when of divine origin, is soon obscured and lost. It is only when allied with evangelical instruction that such things are assigned to their proper place, and used to their proper end. The mission of the Gospel is a mis sion to instruct and edify ; but to instruct and edify is a service pertaining to the preacher and not i-- the ritualist. The end of religion may be worship, but the means to that end is instruction, and instruction mainly by preaching.' Such words deserve a heariu g in view of. certain eccle siastical developments of our Cay. The revival and extension of Ritualism in churches of the Protestant designation is oue of the gravest, and, as we think, most humiliating facts in the religion of our day. It has been argued that this ritualistic revival is but the offspring of an architectural revival ; that the revivers of Gothic art in eccle siastical structures opened ihe door to the Ritu alists, and bade them enter. In other words, that a hiph Ritual worship, with all its ornate and costly appurtenances, is but the natural and necessary result of the revival of a better taste and feeling in our church architecture. It would not he difficult to establish a connection between any two things associated with religion; but that the connection between the architectural and the ritual in this case is a necessary connection we fail to perceive. Because some degree of the testhetic is appropriate aud desirable in the externals of worship, it does not follow that there may not be be ridiculous excesses and mischievous applica tions of it. I trust we need not aesure our friends that in taking possession of this Gothic building, we are not conscious «if any secret proclivity towards an enlarged ritual: nor are we appre hensive that anything that meets the eye in this place is likely to seduce us in the least degree from the Congregational simplicity of our worship. We cherish a high regard for the Church of Eng land - the old Church of our native land— and we should not be ashamed to imitate her in any thing that seemed to us good; but with that ritualistic movement, involving as it clearly does a large increase of the priestly element, we have no sympathy, To our eye it is a wholly retrograde movement, pointing to the daikness of the niiildleages. We can see nothing good in it, nothing indifferent, except it may be regarded as a confes sion of weakness and want. Some zealous parti cipants in the movement have pleaded in ita favour that they coul.l not interest and attract the people by public teaching and the observances of a simple worship, and that therefore the ritual and the symbolic were put in requisition. By these the people are inte rested, as evidenced by the crowds who frequent the high ritual churches, while other churches near who follow in the old path are well nigh deserted. But we seriously ask what is the value of tke inte rest thus excited? Is it not of a very low type? Are men really bettered by these ceremonials? It would ill- become us, on the present occasion, to violate that charity which thinketh no evil, which hopeth all things; but we find it difficult tocjivest our mind of the notion that amid the Christian jiglit of our time those high ritual performances in which yestmentB and altitudes are such con spicuous features, look very like playing at religion. We are, indeed, assured that the ritualists are eminently characterized by earnestness; still, to our eye, it looks remarkably like the earnestness of children at their play. Is it the earnestness of men who are really seeking to make their fellow men better by means adapted to effect itf-means adapted to enlighten the mind, to improve the heart, to quicken the moral sensibilities, to elevate and transform the character, to save the soul ? Let any thoughtful man who has been an eye- witness or only a mental observer of one of these high ritual services, turn away and look into hisNewTestament and read one of Paul's Epistles, er our Lord's sermon on the Mount, and will he not find him self breathing a very different atmosphere and attending to a very different kind of teaching? How little is there jn the life and teaching of Christ on which a fabric of ritualism could be based? How few are His words respecting the two simple ordinances of His appointment baptism and the Lord's Supper? But how frequent and strong was His condemnation of the prevailing ritualism of His day? The ritualistic Pharisee waa Christ's preatest human foe, and against him and his ritualism the strongest indignation of the Holy One was directed. In this Church our desire will be to adhere to the Christian ritual jn its amplest fonn. We recognise aa grksthooasaTQ hat of Jesus and the common priesthood of all he saints. We believe in no mystic efficacy of rites md sacraments. We are all brethren worshipping inly the one living God, trusting only in the one Vlediator, and looking for all spiritual results .hrough the operation of the one Blessed Spirit. It is known to all present that the church which ire thus set apart for worship and for the procla nation of the Gospel is also designed to be a memo ?lal. of our departed and revered friend Mr. Stow. It is now nearly five years since he finished us course and entered into rest; but though lead he yet speakeih. How f miliar to us lire his ;orm and features, and sayings, and long will it be ;re these shall be effaced from our minds. The ;rection of such a memorial is a work sanctioned jy the piety and intelligence of all times. The jodly Hebrews of ancient tiines frequently put up ;heir memorial stones. They raised lnouumenul objects to perpetuate the memory of the Divine goodness to them at special times and places, that :he past might of teu be recalled for the purposes of piety and devotion. And let it not be supposed :h it by this memorial we are aiming merely at the exaltation of the human. We desire to glorify LJod in man. We recognise the gifts and excel lencies with which God endowed our departed friend for the benefit of the church and the colon v. We perpetuity the memory of the Divine good ne.-s in having sent to this land one so eminently titted for the position and circumstances in which tie was places. We express in a visible a- d permanent fuxui our gratitude for all the jood that was accomplished through his instrumeutalit;'. When our children, and our children's children shall ask their fathers in time to come what mean these stones I— win- is the building thus designated?— then they shall uisnrer. : Thus and thus has God dealt with our people in the past. But I must bring my remarks io a close. In an address given on an occasion like the present, the opening of a church for the use of a particular denomination of Christians, it is but Mitural that the denominational element should protrude itself somewhat prominently. But I would take the opportunity, as the minister and the representative of the people who shall worship here, to assure our friends connected with other sections of the Christian Church, that we earnestly desire to cherish not only good will but brotherly kindness toward all the members of the bodv of Christ. We thank our friends of other churches and denominations for their kindly sympathr iu the undertaking which is thus brought to a com pletion. We thank them for the evidence of their sympathy by their presence tonight. And our earnest prayer is, that our coinmou Loid and Saviour may be exalted, that our common faith may prevail, and that the land of our adoption, so highly favoured in the providence of God, may become distinguished for all that is good, and noble, and great. One word more in conclusion, and 1 wi h to say it especially to the members of our own congregation. We are assembled, my brethren, for the first time in a building dedicated to (Jed's worship. Let us solemnly ask ourselves —are we now, and shall we be, if permitted to frequent this sanctuary, such worshippers as the Father seeketh to worship Him? We may have much to do with the worship of God outwardly, and yet have no more part in the reality of that worship than has the building in which we meet. We believe that within these walls there shall rise up silently and progressively, through the ministry of the truth, and by the povrer of God's spirit, a spiritual house— a building of God composed of lively stones, and resting on the foundations of the Apostles and prophets, Christ himself being. the chief corner-stone. Let us see that we are incorporated with that building. Let us dread the thought of being the mere scaffolding as it were of the spiritual temple, having only a temporary con nexion with it, to be pulled down and cast away when the work is finished. Oh, that all who shall assemble, here may find themselves built into God's living and everlasting temple, whose founda tions no changes can effect, whose beauty no lapse of time can impair, ana which shall appear in its full grandeur when all earthly structures have perished.' A hymn having been chaunted, the Rev. Alfred Bigg read the third chapter of First Corinthians, and offered prayer. A collection was then made, and, after the Rev. O. W.Evan had pronounced the benediction, the proceedings closed. Tue Sunday Services. The opening services were continued on Sunday in the Stow Memorial Church. The Rev. A. M. Henderson, a minister who is held in high reputa tion among his own very numerous congregation in Melbourne, officiated in the morning, when there was a perfectly crowded attendance. The devotional exercises, which were so ordered as to be appropriate to the occasion, having concluded, Mr. Henderson took for his text, Isaiah 57th and lfith: 'For thus saith the High and Lofty One, that inhabiteth eternity, whose name is Holy. I dwell in the high and holy place, with him also that is of a contrite ami humble spirit, to revive the spirit of the humble, and to revive the heart of the contrite ones.' Having briefly reviewed the apostate state of the Jews under the reign of the wicked Manasseh, attention was drawn to the double aspect in which the Most High was presented to the contemplation of mankind in the text— majesty and condes cension— thoso attributes seeming to impress the soul on the one hand with reverential awe, and on the other with confiding hope. The first thought conveyed by the passage was a grandly indefinite description of Jehovah— the High and the Lofty One— the Being infinitely elevated above all created objects— the fountain of life— the embo diment of unlimited perfection. The splendour of His might was displayed in the multitude of worlds which He had formed, although, in the language of Job, these creations veto but the hiding of His power, the full thunder of His ma jesty none being able to comprehend. The perfec tion of wisdom was disclosed in the laws which He had framed to regulate the vast and multitudinous orbs which rolled iu the immensity of space, and in the marvellous adaptation to be traced in the minutest as well as most stupendous of His works. The perfection of Hi3 goodness was exhi bited in the enjoyment associated with life and animation in all its forms, from the very lowliest and most insignificant types to the highest developments. But it was impossible for man io urasp the Infinite. His reason was bewildered and overwhelmed in rejecting upon the finite, and how then could he have due concep tions of the eternal Self-existent One who could be affected by nothing, but who ri ontaneously wrought out his own purposes, and did his own will, 'ihe next thought presenting itself was that the High and Lofty One governed all beings. Man in his light were as the clods of the valley: the dwellers in the world of darkness trembled at His frown, and the potentates, principalities and pow«rs of the Heaven itself paid their lowly homage to Him whom the humbled Nebu chadnezzar acknowledged almighty to do his own pleasure 'in the armies of Heaven, and among the inhabitants of earth.' The nextwordnof the text were equally striking with those preceding them— 'who inhabiteth eternity.' Reason and revelation coincided in being witness that there waa no single thing drawn from the depths of the earth, or visible on its surface, but borne marks of not being themselves originals. They were all deducible to a former, a great first cause, and that first cause was necessarily self existent and eternal How could they grasp the idea of eternity? While strata were being piled on strata to form the volume of the earth, millions of years before it be came fit for the residence of man, God existed. Back, back from that time, through dreary ages in which no form of created life breathed, when as yet the wild aud primitive atoms had not been rolled together into masses, and but one step had been reached towards the eternity of God. Let them go back to a period before a single atom floated in space, or a revolving orb was formed, when the throne of the Deity was filled by G«d alone, when not a single angel bowed adoringly before ihe Almighty presence, when universal nature was a universal blank, and they had reached but the frontier of that eternity. They were creatures of the present, to whom eternity was a goal : but there never had been a period in which God could not have spoken himself as the High and Lofty One that inhabiteth eternity. The next thought brought before them was contained in the words, ' Whose name is Holy.' God had no sympathy with or indulgence for sin, and every man had the imulicabie witness in himself that he was made in the image of the Most High, and that he waa created for holiness. The whole teachings of history went to show that the Almighty in sisted on vindicating this attribute liy the destruc tion of the impure and unholy, and the Scriptures abounded in illustrations of the prominence with which the intelligences that stood before him viewed this distinguishing feature in the character of Him who was of purer eyes than to behold iniquity. The passage next brought before their notice the idea of God dwelling in the high and holy place. Men of genius had conceived for the Most Holy a habitation of splendour and infinite extent far removed from human ken, but oven their speculations were such as the mind could not grasp, and with all that the grandest intellects could suggest to them they were forced to conclude with bolomon, the heaven and the heaven of heavens could not con tain Him- that He sat enthroned in the magni ficence of His own infinity, that He dwelt in light which 'no man hath seen nor can see.' and that even the seraphs as they approached Him felt abashed and were fain to cover their faces with their wings. Under the manifestations of His ineffable purity and splendour, well might moitals feel afraid were they not encouraged by the assurance that He dwelt 'with him who was of a humble and contrite heart.' This cfose and cheering association of the Almighty's tenderness with His majesty was evinced throughout the whole of His Word. Although governing the universe, and maintaining the laws by which it was regulated, He was ready to regard the tears of the penitent, and the pains and sorrows of IlL-j creatures, and to afford tho consolation and relief which His wisdom saw to be meet. iMr, Henderson lingered for some length on this branch of the subject, and then alluded to the beautiful structure in whii-h they were met. As ho had looked upon it the pre vious day he had felt that there was nothing about it unchaste, unscemly,.or unworthy, except that everything about them must be unworthy of God's glory, and his heart had gone out in prayer that the Almighty would make it a place where he would reveal himself to men. The building, beautiful as it was, would he nothing unless God made it the place of hi3 habitation, and he therefore asked them to pray earnestly and work heartily and unitedly that much good might result from the preaching of the gospel within these walls. He then announced the collection, and desired all to give freely, observing that people hail not so much right to. rejoice unless the place they coasecrated to Divine worship was free of debt. In the afternoon there was a large congrega tion, and, after tinging and prayer had been en gaged in, the Rev. Jks. Jefferis, LL.K, took the 1st verse of the 5th chapter of Galatians— 'Stand fast therefore in the' liberty wherewith Christ hath made us free, and be not entangled again with the yoke of bondage' —as the basis of a powerful and eloquent address. He Baid they had met to consecrate that noble building to the service of God, not by any sym: bolic rites, but by praise and prayer. Occasions like the present were deemed specially fitted for the assertion of the distinctive principles of Chris tianity, or the defence oi acy tna.t were ignored or invaded by any large section of the followers of Christ. The reverend gentleman then proceeded to refer to the question of Ritualism, describing the form and manner in which the practices attaching to it were carried put, and designating its objects. He said that Ritualism had n deeper meaning than a desire for a splendid and cere monial worship; that what is chiefly to be dreaded is the revival of the hierarchy, and the subser vience of the laity to the priest. Ee then upoke of the two chief modifications of spiritual deupotism the tyranny ef the outward acting upon the senses and imagination, and the tyranny of the human will of a claps or order of men acting upon the indi vidual mind and heart. He referred to the fears entertained by many that Piotestantism was about to change ita character, but said that the omens wqeiafawttcoj Christian Kbertoondhe appealed to those present carefully to watch sind strongly to oppose the very beginnings of priestly power, which were entirely opposed to the spirit and teaching of Christ. The preacher con cluded with a graceful tribute to the memory of the first pastor of the church. He sitid:— 'We honour to-day with such honour as we are permitted to render to a fellow mortal, a great and gifted man. This Church is a memorial of his piety and worth. But a nobler monument than this has been reared to the memory of Thomas O,uinton Stow. He was the foremost clumpion of religious liberty in this province. His name is 'writ largo' upon our religious institu tions. Chit-fly to him, uuJer God, it is due that the Churches of this lan.l weie so early eman cipated from State control. Throughout his career :i-s a minister of Christ, he contended for Christian lilteity in all its forms and against all its foes. ' 'e rests from his labuurs, and his works do follow him. hi the evening the large and spacious building was densely crowded, every space even to the plat form being filled to its fullest extent. The itev. .Mr. Hendei!-on selected for his text— 1st John, chap, v., the 11th and 12th verses— ' He that hath the Son hath life, and he that hath not the Son of bud hath not liie. These things have I written unto you that ye beluve on the name of 4he Son of God; that ye may know that ye have eternal life, and that ye may beltevo on the name of the Son of God'-dividing hie dis course un^er three heads — first, the gilt 'f God here recorded; second, the medium through which it is bestowed; and third, the relation of different classes to it Theiev. gentleman tin n adverted to the manner and modes in which thegift was to be manifested, exemplifica tion of wnich was afforded by the life of Christ In the course of his sermon Mr. Henderson, in dwelling upon the last part of his subject, observed that it been said that of Noah's /irk, many a man who ha.llj'.iouiediu the building had not beensaved iiut. uinlitmi^lxtbe tliatsonieof thosewholiadbeen engaged in the building of this house of God, who had had their hearts iu it, had bestowed energy upon it, had bestowed property upon it, yet it might be that Christ had not found a place in their hearts; that He was not mate the first and last and main end and motive of their lives, because they had never yet with simplicity and meekness received the Word of the living God. He repeated the warning— 'He that believeth not the Son shall not see life, but the wrath of Godabideth upon him' — and entreated all to flee to Christ, who could save them from that doom, then woull the timo spent in the services of that day be a time which they could look back upon through all their lives. The preacher occupied the attention of his hearers for more thau an hour and a quarter. At the close of the sermon a collection was made in aid of the funds, the result being very satisfactory. Nature and Man. A lecture on 'Nature and Man'' was delivered by the Rev. A. M. Henderson, in connection with the Freeman-street Congregational Young Men's Society, in the Stow Memorial Church, on Monday evening, April 15. There was a large attendance, including a number of ministers of various deno minations. The chair was taken by Mr. Thomas Graves shortly after 7 o'clock, and the proceedings were commenced by the Rev. 8. Mead offering prayer. The Chairman said he felt pleased in being called upon to fill that position, it would bo re membered that in February, 1865, a lecture was delivered by Dr. Graham on the laying of the foundation-stone of that church, and he was theu called upon to preside. At that time they had a great work before them, a/* they contemplated the erection of a place in which to woiship God aud also io commemorate a name dear to most of them, and he trusted they were not disap pointed in the result. He knew that some of their friends considered the build ing too large and too good, and others thought it too ornamental ; but he did not agree with them —first, because a house offered to God could not be too Rood-(Hear, hear)— and secondly, because a building to commemorate the memory of their departed pastor, Mr. Stow, could not be too good. (Hear, hear.) Although there would be some work to clear off the debt that remained on it, they had only done their duty in erecting it. He need not say that he had taken considerable interest in the erection of that 'place— an interest not surpassed by any one. He trusted that in that house, built for the worship of God. many souls might be brought to Christ, and that health and strength might be given to their dear pastor to preach the tiuth as kit was in Jesus; and he believed that instead of finding the buLding too large, it would be well filled. They weie much indebted to Mr. Henderson for his visit to them upon the occasion. He had called upon him while in Melbourne, and was glad to find that be at once acceded to his (the Chairman's) request to come to Adelaide, and he trusted it would not be the lasttimethe rev. gentle man would visit them. He hoped, also, that Mr. Kvau would be able to visit Melbourne for the benefit of his health. At the time of the last lecture he had referred to it was suggested that the various minis ters should exchange in the colony. Nothing, however, had been done to carry that plan into operation ; but he hoped their dear pastor would be able to take a little time for health and recreation. (Hear.) The solo, ' Comfort ye,' and tho ' Glory Chorus,' from the Messiah, were then given by the choir. The Rev. Mr. Hendebbon here came forward, and commenced his lecture. He remarked that in the course of his researches he had observed that no point of nature was isolated from another, but all were related, and formed a universal whole. One being, man, occupied tho most promineut position, and nature bore more relation to man than to any other created being. He intended to speak on the subject of 'Nature and Man,' for the purpose of indicating those relations, and Ehowmg how it was that man stood at the head of alL He had also, in another light, looked upon nature in relation to man-that of revelation. Such a subject had not failed to engage bis atten tion, and he considered that iu a contemplation of it much might be found to raise the lone of thought in the minds of young men. After speaking of the difficulty naturally experienced by a Christian minister in divesting his rniud of natural theology in lecturing upon such a topic, he pro ceeded to say that he should not be expected to define the terms in which he h d expressed his lecture, so many definitions had been given upon that subject Every one knew that the profound Greeks defined nature as that which was ever pro Jucing and being produced ; also how the Romans, in tho term natura, indicated precisely the same meaning, and it was defined by others as some thing which was never perfect, never complete, never strictly speaking a being, only a becoming, but under laws of necessity like fate. A state of variety with eternal unity, but always the same though dissociated. Theu with respect to the definition of man, he had been' defined as an animal of different kinds. Hence Plato described him acabiped8trippcdof its feathers, which gaverise to the observation of Diogenes, when he stripped a cock and sent it to Plato— 'There goes I'lato's man.'' Iiut such were not definitions in the simple gathering up of terms and distinguishing of the creature. Even Shakspeaie, in his ' Hamlet,' fell short of it when he said, ' Whtit apiece of work is man I How noble in reason! Ho at infinite in faculttos, in form and moving how express and admirable, in action how like an angel, n apprehension how like a god I— the beauty of the world, the paragon of animals.' Still they knew what man was when they spoke of him as distinguished from every other creature urounil; and in contemplating that topic he should speak of man physically, intellectually, ictlietically, and religiously. The lecturer then briefly reviewed the physical constitution of man in form most beautiful, grand, and majestic, notwithstanding his inferiority in size and other characteristics to many of the creatures of earth. His chemical composition was minutely described, the law of gravitation, his respiration, the vicissitudes of day and night, the variations of the seasons, and their wondetf ul adaptation in maturing the products of the vegetable kingdom, fitting them for man's use, were also touched on. lie remarked that the present economy of the globe was only but one part of the existence of man; and he carried them hack in imagination to the tune when earth presented a ditierent foim— a time of intense heat, when the solitude was only broken by the rolling thunder from bursting volcanoes. Man could not have lived then, neither could he have existed in the carlioniferous era— a period in which vegeta tion flourished in its most beautiful and gigantic forms; but the very name bestowed upon it showed that it niuBt have been destructive to life in a few moments. Coming higher to the secondary period— the age of the gigantic ichthyosaurus, pleiosaurus, aud other moiuters of that class, he pointed out that the existence ol man with his present physical constitution would have been impossible. He also showed how, jn the wondrous working of nature, the different eras were mads to contribute to the comfort and civi lization of mankind in supplying him with incal culable wealth. As an. illustration, he noticed the formation of that common material stone, and asked what wcrnld have become of the noble art of sculpture without it. Phidias, Praxiteles, Michael Angelo, and other celebrities would never have been heard of, and the glories of the Vatican, the Apollo Uelvidere, the Laocoonand the Gladiator would never have existed hut for imperishable marble. Eloquently he pointed out the advantages derived from the baser metals, and expressed his conviction that weie iion taken from them, man would again sink into barbarism. Rapiiliy he sketched the relation of man to U.e vegetable and animal kingdoms, as being depen dent upon them for all that rendered life a blessing. or even preserved lifeitself. He spufce of the wisdom and goO'lness of the Creator in his adaptation of the atmosphere, giving life and health, conveying sound and light, referring to the essentiality of the latter to the growth and wcilbcing of the vegetable kingdom, and the wise and delicate ar rangements through which it exercised its influence upon man, and was indicd subservient to his will. He then proceeded to speak of naturo in its relation to man intellectually. In ail ages man had been engaged in the contemplation of nature. There wj.s evidence that lie had done -o antecedent to the deluge, and that characteristic was dis cernible through all later times, exhibiting itself in the forms of idolatrous worship which weie prac tised in, Chaldea, L'uvpt, anil other ancient nations. P-assing on, down the stream oi time, they were brought to the history of that country which be came the intellectual mistress of the world. There every created object became associated with Home presiding divinity. The sun became personified as Apollo, the chaste moon as Diana or Cynthia, the stais had all their patron gods and godcsies, the woods and forests were peopled with dryads and satyrs, the floods had their neriads: and, in addit.on to this, every power ainl faculty of man wa3 represented by a ckity. The influence which the heavci'.lv bodies v/efe Mippo^d to exercise over man was wtll illustrated by the passage fruin Job-'- Canst thou bind the sweet influences of, Pleiades or loose the bands of Orion r' Comets had been received with awe for from their 'horrent hair shook i»c-4i!ciue Vud war. with fear and change disturbing monarchs-' while in astrology n,auy great minds had been engaged in seeking out the reasons of things Lut he must, return to Greece and her columns and trace scientific development there. First came Xhales of Miletus, the man who created the science of geology, and who fixed upon water as the great arke-the first principle of all things. After him came AnaximiRe.s, who gave forth the idea tlut air was the first principle of all. H'n theory was canied to further issues by his sue cessor, Diogenes and then followed Anasainander, who conceived the grand idea Uiat the Infinite was the great arkf. Next came Pythagoras, vihq stood before the world dill p one of t-^e most gigantic shadows of ancient times. He cave a different interpretation to the myntcry of the prime cause of all things, nnd declared numbers to be that first principle, and things to bo but the shadows of numbcra. Following him came Xenopoles tfn* first, who promulgated the doctrine of the purity oi God ; and then his illustrious pupil. Later still were Zeno and Pericles, and Auoxagoraa and Swsatea, Out wondro.ua iateuo&tor;, waa feeling Llder Pliny, were alluded to, and then the lecturer m glowing terms referred to the dbconmN Tof Kepler and Newtoii. dwelling upon the productf ona of some of the master minds of the present Tday and expressing the surprise with which he marked young men loitering over such works as the 'Old Curiosity Shop,' or 'Vanity Fair,' whie a mine of inexhaustible wealth lay ready to' be expWl m connection mth the contemtilation of the Almighty and His works. (Cheers.) The astonUh mg facility with which all natural objocta. com posed as they were of soiue 60 chemical elements, might be. studied and commented upon; the theory of Pythagoras as tj nuuibfrs being the first prin cip es and thinaa being the shadows of numbers elaborated, and the uniformity of l»w observable hroughputthe whole economy of Nature was il lustrated, and the lecturer theu came to the third and coududing portion of his lecture-man con salered in his testhetic and religious relations. Speaking of the first he said he should net dwell at any length upon it Ho spoke of it as the ima gination and fiuicy blending with tho emotions in a love of the beautifuL Imagination designed whila fancy attorned. Many philosophers had advocated ,he theory that the lore of the beautiful sprang from assoclauon; but had Adam association to citato that love which ho felt for the beautiful around him I He would rather agree with what ' TuffiX e,tfebloril!^ wo.rks- p«ren' of Uood; Almighty! Thme this universal frame. Thus wondrous fair: Thyself how wondrous then. Such was his conviction rith regard to it. (An plaiue.) He then dwelt on the mighty magnifi cence of creation, more particularly brought before them by the researches of astronomy. The works of Herechell an* Nicholls informed them that they discovered as it were sandbanks of worlds stretching fur away into space, so distant that it would take two millions of years for light from them to reach the earth if travelling at the rate of twelve mi lions of miles a minute. With Lord * Itosss grand teluscopa there had been brought into view distant nebuliu, bo distant that light would have to travel with the rapidity of 12- millions of miles a minute for 30 million* of years before it would reach the* earth, and who could tell Into what infinity of space those world* stretched I It was when they came to think of those things that man felt himself to bo but a drop, a poiut, the mere dust of the ualauco in Gods creation. Yet it was io the fact that man could contemplate these, and they not him, that invested him with a superiority. There was a mnciple within that whilo returning to corruption he could turn to the sun that lights the world, and see that that sun wan but a globe of fire, an atom in the sky, while he, immortal as its sire, should never die. While, however, nature revealed all his to them, its revelations were but inadequate tu thewanUof nun. It told him of God; butwlmt more could it tell Him? How the siuuer might bo purged from sin and obtain the pardon of his transgression, and how his sinful heart could bp purified, ' his degenerate nature sancti fied and raised to God. Could it feel that infinite void in the soul of mau which tho consciousness of sin placed between him and the Universal Father! Oil, no. Tho lecturer remarked that the grandeur of creation could en trance the soul, but he never yet knew any ono who could read the message of pardon in tho stars of heaven, or look upon thu sun and fed it comu upou him as the seal of the infinite blotting out of his transgressions. Nature was but the outer court of his great temple, and onlv when the heart of ? man had pas-ed through that and could lay down his gift before the altar which sanctified the gift only then was the relation complete. Might God grant them that blessing, for His name's sake. (ApplauseJ ' Mr. (j. H. Goode proposed a vote of thanks to * the lecturer. He lejolced to thii.k that they hail nearly approached perfection in chapel building, and he waB pleased that the erection of that placo had resulted in Mr. Henderson's visit to South Australia, He must congratulate their fellow colonists of Victoria upon having Mr. Henderson at the head of their institution for instructing young men to preach the acceptable' gospel et salvation. He wished Buccess to that institution over which Mr. Henderson prettiiled.- (Applause.) The CoimtssroNKB of Pumlio Wohks (Hon. T, English) seconded the resolution, which was carried with great cordiality. The Rev. Mr. Henderson thanked them, and especially for the sympathy expressed for the lusti tution over which he hail the honour to preside. They had not one of the kind in South Australia, and he Uiought perhaps it was best as it was an expensive establishment; but if his South Aus tralian friends liked to tend over any young men U» him. they would be made as good as the raw material would allow. He had not forgotten the kind visit of tho Chairman, who had asked him to conic over; and he had seen whilst amongst them that they had a spirit of the highest and best character. He advised them to raise the building free from debt and to avoid tho borrowing of money, however profitable it might bo to tho lender. (Cheers.) The choir then gave ' Gloria in Excelsis.' The Eev. C. W. Evan then proposed a vote of thanka to the Chairman and the choir, which wan carried by acclamation; andthoCiiAinuAM having acknowledged the compliment the doxology was sung, and tho Kev. O. W. Evan having pronounced the benediction, the proceedings terminated. Tka and Public Meetings. A tea meeting was held in White's Room on Tuesday evening, which was attended by over (MX) persons, and was followed by a public meeting in the Stow Memorial Church, at which His Honor the Chief Justice presided. There was a largo attendance, every available scat being occupied, and on the platform wore ministers of various de nnmfnntinna me meeting was opqncu witn singing nnu prayer. His Honor, in liia opening address, Raid it afforded him very great gratification to be privi leged to preside over the meeting on the present occasion. They had met to celebrate the accom plishment of a work, the termination of which had been long' looked forward to. The occasion whs one which necessarily impelled them to look back upon the past and to look forward to the future. It was one of those resting- places so to epcak— though in one Bcnse there was no pause in their onward progress-but oue of those points in which they were impelled to review the courso over which they had passed, and to contemplate the part they had yet to traverse. Look- ' ing back they would see a body of Christians, some of whom wore wont to worship in this place, landing upon tho then desolate shores of tins colony, associating themselves under their ablet and energetic pastor, to whose memory that placo had been in one sense erected. They saw them growing with tho growth and increasing with tho increase of the colony, spreading themselves into various portions, aud still for the most part remaining a united congregation around their ori ginal pastor. A building was erected, which though at first thought to be beyond their requirements, and almost beyond their means! was found inade quate, and stimulated by tho desire of forming some memorial to their departed pastor, and alsu by the desire of having somo more worthy building to dedicate to the aurvico of God than that in which they had been accustomed to worship tho congregation formed the object of erecting the building which had now been so successfully carried out It was impossible, in looking upon the past not to call to mind many who had been lovoil for their kindly virtue, and valued for tho services they had rendered to the cause of tho Church and mankind, who had dropped out, bo to speak, and whose loss they deplored, while their memory was cherished. But whilo they deplore their lots in looking back upon the past they amid, in contemplating the present anil in looking forward to the future, feel and see that their places were filled by others, and they trusted their places would continue to be filled as Ions m God had a work to be done in the world, in which man might help as a fellow labourer. And while it might seem hard to «a» so, they must still remember that the km of tliou* who had gone before us was the prico they Baiik for the presence of thbse by whom they were- bui- ? rounded. Death and life are necessarily cotuwctca One generation succeeds another, &u4; there was only a place for the succeeding generation because the former one had passed, aqruy. It, had |»een, often said, and said truly, that but for the circuit stance that every generation was removed by deatbv there would not lie. even physically, space cnougli on the surface of the earth for those who, were born into it; and, apart from this consideration, that there was a natural necessity fox -Wth, their} feelings of regret on account of those to whom ho - had referred were softened ly the thought that they were not dead, but only **goue before.' thai they had now entered into one of those many man giana of Heaven which all the teeming millions of earth would never suffice to fill The building of that edifice was a symbol of a union between a body of Christians who worshipped there; but it was a symbol also of the hmiU and distinctions so to speak by which they were separated from other bodies of Christians. Just in the same way as the material edifice brought them all together to a place of meeting or union, so did the njov fession of faith in which they concurred Waa almost an intellectual union in suppo^ ci tfio main truths they recognized, and tfo particular form in which they held them. Jtytc as thai building cut them off from the external world, so the profession of faith necessary for their union was a mark of distinction toiween themselves uml other bodies of Christians j and while recognising ' the importance of r,ll bodies o{ men being able U\ meet together on some, common around, which nona of them could dispute and all would recognisk £ was necessary for Christians also; bat they must 5 remember that theyoould not and did not claim ' to pc&eiis; the whole of the truth, or even to lw akulutely right on those pointa on which they differed from other bodies of Christians All ' creeds necessarily had a relative value, and' the* must bear in mind that different professions oi creeds drew aline of distin;tion on those points which every one. ho thought would agree to, beof comparatively little importance. They nhoulJ remember that while they possessed the liBUt and erected that building thut God might 1» worshipped m the form they believed to be io accordance with the spirit of the truth-they still recognised that upon the face of the common earth there iniyht he thousand* of religious bodies v.-lia though diilering from them in main points, were, .'.till children of a common ' fauer, Lebeyin' in one Clulst, RmUh&t; there was ihe blue Bky am) free i;:r above all ; while there aro truth.'! winch perhaps not all of them together had coiupriBCil, tk\t there was somethinc yet to to done fitither than had hem learned or done by m?! - body of Christians, or by all logetlier. ' '* .. The- Kev. C. U. Evan, pastor of the churt*. said ? he asked to olli-r a few remarks just by way of ' introducing hip, brethren who had kindly eniiagea ' to address the meeting. He must taie the oppQiv tunity of saying that the complrtieo of| thatbuiluV'; ing and its occupation fur worship was to him, a Eourcoof great satisfaction and thankfulness. B» might say that the idun o( erecting a p-abli* build ingnf this nature in memory of Mis. Htow origi nated with himself, for 'some tiwe before Mr, ' Stow's death the (iue^ion of electing another sanctuary f;;r the congregation worshipping at Freeman-street v/as 'j'lK'tod and discussed, Mr. ' Stow himstjf, opretsins a hope that he should see; it accninpliila-a When the friends ot North Adelaide erected their H-acious, and perhaps he* should s.iy bo.iutiful church- (Hear, hear, from, the Kev. hn. Jcd'eri^-it was certainly kautifuS within, and he hoped it would t orncj day be boauti/ul wlthout-Mr. Stow expre-ed n how thit it would move tho friends a!. Frceman^t'tv*. and told one of their old friends that he \,\\--M hnvu to help build a church that would cost .iiiU'i' Mr. Stow wns taken a^av. and tho \,co^x re:dii.2d in ore than they had done li-jfore the rui-ciint of their obluiv tion to him for Ins Ion? un-] k'l.wd services. ' It siwared then «;is the time to risa and liuilti a memorial church. There was a prevailing feeling that some memorial should oe- rased* and it waa proposed tiiali & Mhjfa 