SINGLETON. ^ . Bunday. 7 80 m. Ihe flood is how subsiding, which, in tho opinion of lH many people, has equalled any on record. In pads of Ii the town -owing, it is supposed, to the railway em ft bankment — it was a few inches short of, and at Mr It Cullen s and Mr Lesley's about the same extent in 11 excess of, tho 1857 flood. On Wednesday, at 2 p m , It the rivor was fordablo j and about S p,m„ on Friday I! it was into Mr Lesley's shop, thus rising about 40 K iefrs id nours, i no oxcitomont was great during the night, as tliero was only ono available boat, but owing to tho judicious management of tho municipal and polico authorities, who urged people In low H positions, to shift in timo uo lives wero lost, It n rained incessantly from Wednesday until aboot own 9 011 Saturday. No mails from Sydney for the Iail |& three days. All railway traffio between here and jSi Maitland sus'pendod, and possibly will not be roaOmtd S for several days. 9 Up oonntry telegraphic communication il inter ruptcd, in consequence of the who over the river here being carried away by drift wood The Government & punt drifted to a locality known as Waite's Falls, and landed in a paddock. There the weather to-dajf g is fine, the rivor down 12 feet, and falling at tho rati) || of IS inches per hour. Agriculturists wiJ suffer to a E great extent. Damngo.to town and house property U || comparatively tiifhug. H ? ? — Bravb Cokdcc?; — A gentleman, who was an eye* witnoss of moat of .the circumstances related below, has requestod us to give them publicity in the hope that the brave and. meritorious qonduct ol the humble individual, whoso name is so honorably mentioned, may be suitably recognised:-— At Penvith, yesferdiy, a little boy named Fletcher was standing near tho edge of the Nepean, at a short distance from tho residence of Mr Ryan, M.P , when the bank giving way under him, he was percipitatcd into the river, and carried towards tho current of the stream which at that point is very strong. The boy was apparently i unable to do more than strike out his arms. His mother, who wna about a hundred yards oil, heard his screams, nnd jumped in after him in a frantic state. Both would in all probability have been drowned :| had not n young man named John Seach, a native of the district, bravely swam out to their assistance, which he did with bis clothes on, and succeeded in 9 bringing baok first tbe child and then the mother to 3 terra firma, the formor especially being very neik | and exhausted, kicacli divppeorod from the soeno U | soon as bo possibly could, wishing, It Is supposed, to S| avoid the notico of tbe crowd, which rapidly as- (| scinbled, nnd on being spoken to in complimentary j'| terms by a gentleman who followed him to bis homo, i modestly disclaimed any merit for what ho had done, if Penrith Bridge — It appears that littlo or no 5 damage lias been dono bv tho floods to the Southern and Western lines. Air Firth took an engine over tbo j Western linu yesterday, proceeding as far as tho Blue Mountain. Tho injury done to one Of the approaches j to Penrith Bridgo will bo repaired at once, and tho railway trains will bo able to pass ovor it in tlio courba of a couple of days, Two of tho oentre pilts were knocked away by ths pressure of the flood and tbo bumping of the purits. These will not be replaced, but it is the intention of Mr Whitton, the Engineerin Chief for Railways, to substitute a laminated arch from the thil d ornutor bed of piles on to tho main masonory pier of tbe bridge. This will leavo a cleat opening from tho pier of seventy two feet. Aid to the Sovfebeiss from tub Floods,— wo nre glnd to bo able to announce that tbo Government yesterday, sont the sum of £100 to oach of the local relief committnea at Ponrlth, Windsor.nnd Richmond, to meet immediate necessities A ton of flour and fifty blankets wore also sent to Windsor yeaterday, in addition to the supplies previously forwarded. It will be seeu on reference to our report of tho meotiug of the old Food Relief Committee of 1804, that they have resolved to disburse the money remaining in their hands from previous subscriptions, amounting to np- wards £900. Ot this sum £400 bos been devoted to Windsor and Richmond, £100 to Penrith, £300 to Maitland nnd Morpoth, and £100 to tho Manning district In addition to tneso efforts to auoviato distress privnto benevolence has not boon wanting. Mr W. Pritcbard, having learnod that there was littlo or no means at Windsor ol converting the flour sent by the Govcrnraont into broad, and that consequently in suoh a stato of things it was almost useless, pro ceeded yesterday morning to Mulgrave Station by train, and from tbonce to Windsor by boat, witn » supply of bread and biscuits amounting to aboot 1500 lbs. in weight. This proved to be a Tory nel como supply, nnd toudod matorloly to provont immediate distress. We hear on all sides enthasIM' tio praises of the energetic conduct of Mr Owen, traffic manager of tho Southern and Western linos, 1 his untiring exertions, in saving life ind propei ji and forwarding supplies to tho Hawkosbury distrtot. His self- sacrificing untiring conduct has beenoltno -| greatest service as an example to others. , SuBLMlABDon,— A Shellharbor, tbo rain Slid win was as fierce ns elsowbore, though tho damago do to roads and bridges is not so extensive a- at oinor parts of the district. The rise of water on the lak woa higher than at any other timo of rain 'itbintM recollection of old residents, tlio Shellbor bor ra course aud other spots being completely , j Buohanan's craft, tho Agenoria. was 111 Bbellbarno port during tbo entire gale, nnd rode out tho g t. with vory littlo damage to itxolf, through at onetime, her position was anything but pleasant 1 h 1 additional warps, &o;, obviated the difficulty, bridgo was slightly damaged on the swamp ro , - as usual in spirited Shollharbor, it1 did n , § remain so. Councillor Jamos immediatolv aUondea to it. and rendered it safe in a very Bhori timfc » poor cow had ventured too noartho beach E tain Charles's land, and could not g0'1'' quarters without being nearly drowned m a * «ara from the hillside) howotcr, it got ntar tU ^ and tho wind freshening, blew a P'''' ' ^ froth ovor, and literally smotboied 'h® P f whore it stood. Sovoral cows bavo either owa been drownod in or iiear tho lakcj BITE0T3 Ot THE LATE DISASTROUS WbATHRR AT XtAMA —Tho ketch Lord of tho Isles, the property of * Lord, Sydnoy, — Rosf, master, entered our port somo days bcTore the bad waatbor Bet in, and was awaiting orders from tlio parties to whom her cargo Xjas consigned to unload. When tho giilo commenced the master, by advieo of Captain Stobo, anchored in the jeep t»atttr Of tho bight botwoen tho middlo spur of tbe breakwater and tho jotty. Captain Stobo also kindly lent ohains, hawsers. Ac., by which tho vessol was seeore, and through which ahorndc in safety till rtotft half past eight on Friday night. At that time the fdry of tho gale, and tlio disturbance of the water tttitsh that tho stern hawser of tho little craft ' cartel!, anS she awnnR round, carrying her mooring «e»T With hor, into tho middle of the harbor, whore the anchor must haVo bocome ontan-?lc-l with tho largo mooring chain at the bottom, fcr the craft was secftrely hold till tlio next morning. Tho length of Chsin #hich Sho Wl to S^ing upon wns such as for ' 10 lioOrs to keep tho craft dancing within a few foot of tho rrck forming tiro centro spar of the break water; however, abotit six o'clock on Saturday morn - ' Ing she su' k, thomasts only being visible. Parts of tho wrook Wore picked up on Portoi^s 'Jhirrton Beaeh, as also parts of tho carRO boat bdl mging to tho I S ' ' If. Co., which most h'«Vo broken its moorings at the same time as the kotah's hawser gnve way It was thought at ono timo that tho wharf, stem*, -&c.;, wotild be washed away, but, however, they wuathered it out with orodit to their buildors. The ketch wo hoar, \- had several thousand loot of timber consigned to J„ Black, E»q., J P. and .about 20 tons of-oo il to Mr (J. Bullon. ' Pilot,1 Thk Flooded Districts —The flood in tho Wind «or district bad subsided tosuch an extent towards the latter part of yesterday afternoon, that Mr Owen, ttaffie manager, wns onobled to proceed as fa* as ( Rienmond with a train. So far as thn railway linu , between Blacktown nnd Win sor is concerned, r Owen is of opinion that it has sustained but little, if , any, damage j the ballast has not been washed aw.iy- and the bridges appear to be in ng good condition as ' ? 'before tlio fl iod The Chain of PoBds is dry, anil Mr , Owen yesterday walked from Windsortn Richmond to bring down an engine which hnd lieen there for \- -serera! days. None of the stations aro - now undor water, The fflrnitiire which they contained i- mostly ?destroyed, anfl tho interior of tho buildings presents qi pietu-e of wreck and ruin. One of the goods depots -clo9e to Windsor, forinorly a good substantial brick ' 'building, has been c&'ried away and nothing is left of . -it btit a few bricks. Boats wero om ployed nil yestor \- day in distributing to starving people the provisi -i a which had beon sent from Sydney and Pur.-araatta. , tint the distress is still very goat, and provisions are inuch wanted. As the waters recede, tho extent of ' ^e' true ion becomes more visible Tho foundations . ; -of many of the -houses in the town have given way. 'The streets of Windsor aro covered with all kinds of 'debris and tho carcases of animals. Yesterday the . ijjudy of a voting woman was recovered, nnd wns 'recognised as that of one of Mr Satlioi^s family. A ?special tra n left Sydney yesterday morning with a quantity of provisions fur the starving sufferers. Mr -J li. Linsloy sent three hundred h aves and ten bag' ?of biscuits; Mr Thomas Ivory sent two hundred ijoivos ; Mr Martin Gibbons sent a ouantityof bread corned beef, and six hundredweight of biscuits. A special train will leave Sydney again this m- rning with .provisions Dr Milford sends op aliont £12 ?worth of provisions-; Messrs \V. Bull, S. Bradbury, and Thomas Hopkins will send six hundred loaves of bread, and Mr Hopkins will also send sovoral sheep — * Herald.' . j The latb Floods. — Means are being taken to' alldviate the distress occasioued by the -late floods. ' By telegrams to the ? Herald 'it seems that at Wir.dsor ? 'a meeting of the committee was held. i\tv Pidding ton, Mr Walker, and Mr Ascoagh detailed what' had j been dono'in Sydnov yesterday. A number of letters wero read, and supplies forwarded fram Sydnoy were received. A public meeting is to bo held at 'noon on 'Saturday next, at the School ot Arts — At Maitland -a pKblio meeting waa held, tho Mayor ia the chair ; a committee was appointed to a9ord relief to tho des titute, and to solicit subscriptions It is intended to ?«pply t0 t,|e Government foi aid. £157 was sub scribod in the Toom. Tub, Nbwoasti.b Lifeboat. — Tuo following are tho pattiaulars as given by pilot Taylor of his perilous position while in thu lifeboat:— He; states that on Friday morning, at breakfast time. Captain Allen -Hnrbor master^ . asked me to take the lifeboat eiit and sand for some of the new hands; when wo got the men together we went down to the end of tho hreak, a strong current running out at tho time ; we thought that wo wouldjnst take her into the break 10 see bo'« she would answer. 'Xho second sea that i « truck her broke three of tho oars nnd unshipped tho J to nainder and before we could get them again shipped . ilie had drifted out somo distance to sea. Wo tried to pull in, but found hor still going astern, and a ?short time aftor she bro-.ched to, when wo pnt hor head to the sea and pulled hard to get out; and when ?about a raile to the south cast of Big Ben dropped tho ? fcellick bnt .had to keep palling to keep the strain off the line and keep her head to it; there was a strong Current running to tho oastward. xVhont half-past 12 o'clock we aaw'tho Bnnga'ce making the attempt to aome out stern first, but nono of us thought it possible for her to do so, and we all from that timo made up our minds to stop oat all night, knowing it would be impossible to get in, -and certain death to ?make tbe attempt to beach her, the sea ' breaking half a-mile from tho baaeh at ' th.it time ; we kept gulling away, allowing two of tho mon to leave off Tor about ton minntes but would not lot them remain any longer, being afraid that they Would becomo utitl and irot sbta to use their hands neain. Williams ?appealed very fiesponding ftom about 7 o'clock in tho ?evening, and from about 10 o'clock became quite out o'( his mind, bat too weak to cause us any trouble, ?and scarcely spoke during tho night; ho died a short : time before the morning broke. Wo did not find tbe ?night so long, having made up our minds previously to weather it the bost we could undor tho circum stances. On Saturday morning we sawtlio Btingaree 'coming-out about 10 o'clock, bnt did not think that ?slit) would bo able to get over the bar, but when we nanr hor ro'-nd Nobby's we tried to lift tho kellick but bad riot sufficient strength to do so ; we cnt away the k&lfick; -lino and {lulled for her, and managed to get under the loo qnnrterof the steamer, and managed to get on board all safe ; tho men all cheerful dining ' the night Had tbe steamer not como out they had ?all rtvmlved to try and beach hoi that afternoon, 'Wilnch I strongly protested against, being certain 'that nono of us would have reached tho shore alive. fuE Sosmer Cfc'itTD.— ' The barquo;Suinnier Cloud ?arrived yesterdayfroin Adelaide, and had experi need the late tempestuous weather to tlio southward of -thisport. Shu had tho galo on Wednesday off Wol 4oogong, and every effort wsa made to got further out lo aoa. Tho Vessel was on a lee shoro two br three niiltiB oil during tbelieight of the gale on Thursday ?altornoon, and tho canvas was pressed on tho ship Jo such nn extent to get nn offing that sho was almost Hnitusain the water. Captain Skelton says that had not been for the assistance of the passengers who ?worked manfully at the pumps the Vessel must havo gone on shore-aod become a total wreck. On Tues t'* j®8'1' company with a brig and a baTque, both pound north, and Captain Skelton expresses fears for Mitfir safety. — ' Empiro.' Wbbok off a Foreign Baikiob —Tho master of tho wrecked vessel Margaret informs us of n report wought into Wollongong of the total wrock of a Uuteh bniquo at ToW- Thumb T.ake. It was also re ported that threo of hor crow had been drowned l nis ^asth# only information to bo obtained when j®8'} The vessel's name was not as 'certaincd. noither hor port of departure nor destina «ion. 1 he news cauied considerable alarm in the ky® rmit being spread that the wrecked vessel waa the Harmann Doctor, from Mel °P t',lre Vos'Sit tittio there is not tlio highest grounds for supposing it to bo her. The I™?' ?00tor1' 08 !ler Provious performances will Lft y S,0w Br®men ves«all and as sho only '0I'dRy laHt- ^ « a my»twy how i '8'0'1? hay® ™Mo her way to Wollongong in the lard have recently prevailed south ,m0r° th?n Pr°bable that tho wroekod wnv 'H.arq« lllBt was off Wollongong, in com SmDiro Jw Summer Cloud, ou Tuesday lust— ' ~ (N 'u,ch wreok »8 tho ono alltulod to in tho TOmwnn'T',? t00lt plB0° at Tom Thumb or for aointi miles further Ed. JCS™ ?'tt- lsl'XND Captain Adams, Nowcantlft k' v.'' ruP?rts that on his passago from, thrl rn it °J,1scrvoi a scliooner ashorer abou; staSi,f ^ n;^il of Bird Islan^ Sho i ; Spr ii SwiH d° °' t0 .th0 boach a,ld pcrfootly ?1 *S near, m i T M o8ts aiul yari1s al1 standing. Sho ?1 Shn l n,lm °'? ®? l0M MS parted The VMds ^ frccn' with a White streak, f Toro ami tho main ; *x collier but wi ' 1 ? f?'emast. Sho is not IVhieh run un ffl!^»-VC''-' !?U ?l'i0 ono -of tlio vessols l-orsoii staiuUni o P^a,'n ^'101'0 was somo signal madp » 115 was no to go t00 ' al am ,A-lallls d'd not deem it priidont 'Hio ichnnni^ ? ? 'ea was breaking hoavily. the crew could^n^l'1® ln?,'d° ^ outer boach, and '^Jtii'ftld.' easily walk to Lake Macqunrio. — The Cost' of A Kiss, — At tlio Burrangong Police 1 Court, on Tuesday last, (says the ' Burragong Argus') An'onie Contonto, an amorous Austrian, wns charged by Anno Bowie?, with having without leave or lice nso, nt about 3 pm. on tho l4tli instant, kissed her. Mrs Bowles said sho Was a decent married woman, and that at tho time statod, slit) was in her own houso bakint/, whon prisoner oamo behind her and kissed her. Naturally resenting such a liberty, she seized a broomstick, and run hiin out of tho house, and screamed, but though sho hnd very near neighbours no help came; called hor husband up out of his claim ; got a warrant out on which tho prisoner wns appro hor.ded The prisoner fluid, that being on oxcoudingly friendly torins with Mrs Bowles, both boforo attd since her marriage) he playfully ' kissed hor, not meaning any harm by it; Tho Bench cbuld not admit the ploa ns a sufficient extenuation of tlie off' once and fined him -10s. nr.d Costs a result that to ail appearnnco delighted Mr Contento, who paid his money, nnd rapidly Vanishod, Suffocated is Sand.— A fatal occurrence took plnco at tho Si ml Hills, near the Military Barracks, on Saturday. A hoy namod Erederick A. I'awley. aged sovon and a harl' yenrs, son o'' Henry Pnwley, Hnte hinsori-atree', was playing with his brother on the Sand Hiils, Ho inn to get a drink of water, and in doing so rushed over a preoipico seven feet hi^li. Suvoral loads of sand instantly fell on nnd completely buried him. About an hour and a quarter afterward* tho polico recovered tlie body of the unfortunate lad nn whos-e roinaios an inquest will bo held to day. — ' Empire.* Wallsend — New Coal Mime. — It is with much pleasure I havo to Inform yon that Saturday last was quito ajoyfnl day with us, for tlio contractor, with men, who bavo for somo time back been sinking the new shaft at the pits, cume upon a soam of coal at a depth of 2G0 or 270 feet. I paid a visit to the new pit and found ou ii' ar'nx it. En^nd's proud flag, the Union Jack, which for a thousand years bafl woath arcd the battle i.nd the breeze, floating ovor it,.t)ieie by demiting that a new mine of the black diinond liai boon discovered. My visit was a very pleasant one as t had never seen tho new works before. Tho coal raisod from ithe new pit ia a splendid sample, and it i* bolicved that it will turn out to bo the best soam in tho district. Great credit is due to the man ager of the works J. Y Neilson, lisq ' for tho prais worthy manner in which tho undertaking has be-iii carried out, and I have no doubt the company he represents aro proud of him The railway to the new pit will ere long, he ready for traffic ; a great deal of labour has beon employed upon it. One largo gully his had io be crossod, but, with thesupporinteudene'e it i.a-t h d over it. it will be found to be the best pnrt of the line, and lai I down at a much less exponSo than the old 1: :;e. — ' Nevvcc# le Chronicle.' IIis Royal Highness the jjuke of Kdisdoiiqh. — In reply tn Mr George Lever, i:i tho lie illative Assembly of Victoria, on the 12th instant, MrM'Cul loch stuted, ' that although no despatches had been received relative to thu proposed Visit of the Duke of Edinburgh to this oniony, there was no doubt that his ltoval Highness would pay a visit to tho Austra lian colonies in the course of a few months, nnd in order to meet tho necessary expenses for suitaDly en tertaining the Royal Duke tho Government %vuuld be prepa ed to bring down a special vote, and it wns also intended to efK-ct certain alterations at tile vice regal residence at Toorak ' This we tako from the .Melbourno Herald of the 13th instant In the Argi.t of the same day we havo the following — ' The sub ject of preparations for the reception of H. It II. the Duke of (Edinburgh on his expected arrival in the colony is already beginning to attract the attention of public bodies. A somewhat comical instance of this was -afforded during tho proceedin.cs of the Fitzroy Council last evening. The report of the works committee contained a rec-iiumendation in re ference to the repainting of the lamp posts of the borough Councillor Wf.tkins, M L A; wished to ask 'what color it was intended to paint the lamp-p'«t-i ? In explaining his rouson for asking, he referred to a a'atamuiit made in the Legislative Assembly that evening by the Chief Secretary as to tho course the ?Government would take in asking for a vote fro ti that Houso for the extension of Toorak-hotise. nnd othor preparations f- r the reception of tho illustrious visitor expooted ; and suggested that the Council, in view of '.ho same event, should paint their lamp posts of homo smart c lor. He was answered that the pos-s woi'ld be colored prion, which he sceroe i to regard as quito satisfactory. — Empir , FueesiaH v. Adams. — This was a motion on rule nisi for new tiiul in an action for trespass wherein the plaintiff had obtained a verdict; tho question boing one of disputed boundary between the proprietors of twofadjoining allotments in the town of Kiama. The grounds of the rule wore, that the verdict was against ovidenco, and that the facts disclosed— if constituting ?;any' cause, of action —would form properly the groundwork of an action of ejectment, not --f trespass Tbe case was ono of conflicting evidence, the points at issue not bning intelligiblo without plans. Their Honors refused to disturb the verdict. Tbe Attoney General and Mr Stephen appeared in support of the motion, and Mr Butler in support of the verdiot. ? * Herald* New Sou eh Wales at thb Paris Exhibition. Tho Paris correspondent of the ' South Australian Register ' writes : — ' Tlio Adelaide Court has a very shabby appearanco by tho sitio of the New South Wales and Victorian courts. It i3 said that the expense o: the former Colony will amount to nearly 8000 ' Mr G. M. Waterhouse, one of tlie South Aus tralian Commissioners at the Paris Exhibition; nlso writes officially, ' The courts adjoining otar own are those of Canada, Queensland, Victoria, and Mow South Wales. The former is by far the best of the whole. No cost has been spared in its preparation, and an efficient staff of ofiicors has been sent over from' Canada in connection with it. Now South Wales exhibits likewise most creditably. Only a portion of tho Victorian exhibits are at hand ; but according to all appearances, this court will have to yield tho superiority to that of New South Wales Queensland and South Australia are vory modest affairs, and much on a par, although onr minerals give a special interest to our couat that Queensland does not possess. Gondagai — A very distressing accident, and one that has terminated fata.ly, occurred last week to a lad about 12 y--ars of age, the son of Mr J. Sullivan, a farmer, residing at Ooolac Creek. From what I oan hear, it appears that this'lad and another boy went out on horseback on tho morning of the day oo which the accident occurred, for tho purpose of looking for cattle, and it is presumed must have been racing their horses along 'ho road, when the accident took place, as young Sullivan when found was lying close to a tree near the road ; ho was quite insensible, aud oven to an ordinary observer, so nerionslv injured as to p ecludo any hopes of hi - recovery. Medical aid was procured with tho least doss bio delay, bnt to no pur pose as death terminated his sufferings within forty eight hours after the acoinont. I believe that an inquest has beon held on tho body, but I have been unable to learn tho verdict,— 'Tumut Times.' The Road from SuoaLiiaVen To Ma ml i, en.— A. return t-- an order of tbo Legislative Assembly, on the motion of Mi Garrett, has just beon printed nt the Government oflico. It contains copieB of correspon dence and other. documents i elating to the openingnf the road from Shoalhavon to Mnrulan, and especially with rerorenpe to that portion of the road passing through the Cowra estate on tho Argyle table land. There aro -eight letters between Mr Faviell, the S ur v e.yo G on t! r a I , Mr Garrett, Mr Twymarin, and the Under-Secretary for Lands, and also a petition from the' inhabitants of Shoalhavon. The facts of this corrcspondonce have beon several t'mes discussed in the Legislative Assembly. On tho oue sido it is assorted that tho opening of the road wonld lead to tne settlement of a large extent of Crown land ; that tho Kangaroo River and Valley are thronged with selectors WhoSo only outlet Is to Mai Ulan via Rowland's surveyed road through tho Cowra estate. _ The proprietor of tho Cowra ? state, howevor it is said, had sold the right of road to a railway contractor, who insists upon its exclusive nso, and secures a monnp |y of the timber between Oowra and the Kangaroo River. To tho various representations made tbo Government replied nt. different times that the ftJad would bo ofno public benefit - that it would involve an expenditure of £270 for fencing, and its opening could not be recomtnunded unless this cost ' jroborno by tho pnrties interested A finnl letti r written by the Surveyor- General, under dnte 18th April, IStiG, contains the following t ' In the present stato of the law it is not intended to rojoinmeud tho opening of the voad from Marulan to Shoalhaven through tho Oowra estate, but it in confidently hoped that tho Road Act will be amended early in tho noxt session.—' Herald.' Interrupting a .Tudqu — A Melbourne corrospon -ent of thu 'Portland Guardian ' says —His Honor Jndge Williams got a jovero rebuff from a juryman weaver tbo other day, Tho Judge was summing up fearfmly against tho prisoner, whon tho weaver called hiin to ordor, ' IIow dare you interrupt mo ?'? inquired the Judge. 'I would interrupt tho Queen on hor thorno,' replied tho weaver, ?' if sho daro to misdirect tho jury.' Curious, how silent tho MoJ. bourne reporters havo beon upon such a oonsational episode, — ?Ajfo.' i Whales off -JebVm Ba*.-»-A pieco of information has beon brought to this port Csay» the Argns) by Captain Noon, of the barque Ann, who states that du ing tho passago from Newcastle, N.S.W., to this port, ho saw great numbers r f whales off JerVis Bay on the lfith instant. A spirit of enterprise with re gard to whnlo fishing has yet to arise in this Colony, although tho conditions essential to tho succesful cultivation of such a spirit aro alleged by thoso experienced in such matters to bo eminently favorable. ! Birmingham — This horso has returned from his trip to Killnrney, where, as wo prophesied, he lias picked up a few crumbs for Iiis owner, flrfi see that Mr Lacltoy lias been making lather mall of Birming ham in the ' big handicap,1' having placed woight on horses, otherwise his suporior. that Would not have a ghost of a chance With him, as at presont handicapped. With 7st Qlbs up, we think' our horse 'will make some of the fast ones stretch before 'lie finish, always providing, of course, that ho is in good fettle, which he is not in at present. — 'Tho Pilot ' A Novul Invitation to tiib Phince of Waibs, — His Royal Highnbss the Princo of Wnlos must 1)6 tolerably accustomed by this time, to eccentric inVi tations. It is one of tho penalties .of his exalted station to bo seldom if cvor let alono, anil Wo may fairly imagino that ho would occasionally give a good deal to be lather more his own mnntor. If growing just a littlo Weary of conventionality, he should be anxious for a thorough ohango, he has only to uccept the latest invitation which has been addressed to him. It is written on tlio rind of birch bark— a good material, by- tho-b'yo, for a schooTboy's holiday letter — and it proceds irom tho Indians of tho Red River Settlement. The attractions hold out bv these gentlemen are not to be. dospiaod. No allusion is made to the calumet of pcaco, but of cout so tobacco is understood ; and 'tlio noble. savagos inform II. R. II. that ' wo havo bear, and ? Inlffalo, and our hunting grounds are free to you.' ? .Tho Pi-iuoe is it true sportsman, and the Indians evidently know how to interest liiin. But sport is not tho only thing tlicy offei\ ' Our old men will show you their medals which they had received for being faith ful tn the father of our great mother.' Thoro, if the Princo can resist that, lie must bo mado of iron. Imagine the bliss, the rapturous ecstatic joy of being shown a number of old medals by a' number of old men I — ' Daily Telegraph.* The Soldier's spot. — Wo hope that the ingenuity of th-j military authorities in inventing and largely distribntin-f a peculiar form of heart disease for tho speci- 1 boh.iofof oursoldios will be duly appr ciated by the public. ' Look at this preparation, ' says Professor Maclean in the remaikable lecture delivered by him at Netley. ' Mark this ren arkable white spot on th ; external su face of this heart It is as I.ir.'e you see, a9 a five shilling pieco. What is itT Nothing, apparently, but a substance analogous to a cora — as much tho result of friction and undue pres sni o as arc tlio torturing corns with which we are nfilicti-d bv unskilful bootmakers We call it here ' the soldier's spot,' so common is it on the hoorts of soldiers at on:- post mortem examinations This spot is due to the heavy, cumbersome, ill arranged, and torturing accoutrements of the solr.io -. The : mount of heart disoaso produced by 'tho clumsy construc tion of the accoutrement , as shown by tbe statistics given is most startling; 14-7G por cent of tho men discharged in 1862 were lost to the' 'service from this cause. Hiiart disease moreovor, iB only the extreme exponent of the suffering caused. It means nlso constant and extensive inefficiency, distress and slowness in tbo field. The men labor on and suffer much rather than fall out and incur the iinpntatieti of being , soft* Soma have worked on through a field day, and died rather than give in. Tho British pack is, without exception, the worst in Europe. The Prussian pack and accoutrements are. infinitely superior to ours ; and by tho timo that ouvb is im proved the I Russians will likely be still ahead of us, for they aio now doing their utmost to improvo what is already a long way ahead of anything which we can show. Wo hope that tho pack Committee which is now sitting will soon complete their invest Igstion, and that the authorities will lose no time in relieving the army from the present ill contrived and mischie vous knapsack and all its belongings,— British' iiedi cal Journal. G iowN Children's Poppets. — Tho brilliant Frei o.i woman who remarked tbst she would rather, * look t puppots than listen to philosophers,' deservid ir-dit or confessing a weakness of which most ''fus are co .scious, thought we have not tho candor t j s y so A taste lor puppets seems to ho inherent in t' e whole human race, civilised and savage, and it is I y no means certain that manhood was not infatuatid with them long before they bocame the playthings of childhood, probably the siro of dolls was a pagod whittled out of a log; and 'tlio automata c( ? pagan priostcraft wore undoubtedly the first ?», mechanical toys' in use. Tho carved monstrosities worshipped by stolid savages and more ingenious and less grotes que deities of semi-civilisation, are believed to have been the types of many of tho puppets of this enlight ened and Christian ago. In Egypt, three thousand years ago, Bacchus and Pan were represented by figures movod by tho pulling of a string, lihe the modern ' Jumping Jack.' The Gieek and Roman statues of Jupite' and Apolln nodded, bowed and shook their heads, as occas.on required, pretty much in tho stylo of Maenel's famous automation chess player; and a thousand years before the Uhrisfran ora, one Dn lalus (to whom- mythology . gives tho credit of boing the first aeronaut) made an image of Venus which pei formed all the feats of that pretty modern, toys the ' Chinese Tumbler.' It is recorded of . the figures constructed by Drodalns that thoy were so irrepres. siblo as to render it neoessf ry to tie them down when not in use, loBt they should wander off past all recovery. 'I he spring leg orthe celebrated Mynhoor Vnn Klamm was perhaps only a revival of one of the o d Daedalian patents, The religions automata i ft antiquity wero really very neat contrivances, aud highly creditable to the genius and skill of the h-iathen hiera'chs who got them op; but they were scarcely equal to tho «aored dolls of the piesent day Some of the Italian and Spanish mschonical saints and virgins go sio far as to groan, Bigh, and weep in the most affecting manner. Lay poppets are popular everywhere, not merely with boys and girls, but with ??children of a larger growth,' Tho French have their Marrionbites, the Savoyards thoir Catrinottes, Italy its Punchinello and its Fantoccine, and the Ang o-Saxon family its Punch and Jndy. All thoso automatic toys have beon exhibited with success in this country, and n.-thing ' draws ' bolter anywhere than a pantomino with ingenious scenic transforms tions. or a spectacular drama, snpornntnrally gloriord with gilt wings, demon masks, artificial Tophets and Elyeiurae, and all sorts of absurd trumpery and tinsel decorations. Yes, with all our wisdom, more than half of us prefer puppets to philosophers, and are not a whit more rational than our own throe year olds, whom we regard with a smile of compassionate fond noss ns they dandle thoir india-rubber babies or marshal into line tbo wosden representations of tho inmates of Nonh's Ark. 