JUDGMENT IN THE OHE AT WILL CASK OF SMITH v. TEBBITT. (Daily Keim.) TilE décision of Sir James Wilde pro- nouncing against the validity of the will of Mrs. Ann Thwaytes, though its soundness will scarcely be disputed, reveals a story of domestic life more interesting and amusing than many a sensation novel. Mrs. Thwaytes had been a widow from the year 1834, and since that time her affairs were managed by Mr. Samuel Smith, who lived in the house with her, while his brother. Dr. Smith, a medical man, came to see her every fortnight, and, besides, received her dividends and paid them into her bankers. These two gentlemen Mr<. Thwaytes reade her residuary legatees, and as the properly disposed of amounted to £400,000, the importance of the case in a mere pecuniary point of view is very considerable. We do not propose at present to enter into any discussion as to the principles of the law which apply to such cases. The simple question was, whether Mrs. Thwaytes was of " sound and disposing mind, memory, and understanding " at the time she made lier will. . . . . The question, in fact, came to this, whether Mrs. Thwaytes' mind was tainted by morbid influence ; and the test which Sir James Wilde applied in order to determine this was to compare the sayings and doings of Mrs. Thwaytes with those of persons notoriously sane and notoriously insane, and by this means to arrive at an opinion as to her sanity or insanity. So far as the ideas of Mrs. Thwaytes were concerned, they were, no doubt, sufficiently eccentric and extra- vagant. According to this lady, she had constant and direct communication with God ; she was the Holy Ghost ; Dr. Smith was the Father, and with some other person they constituted the Trinity. Through her agency came epidemic diseases, such as cholera and influenza. God said, "Turu on the screw," and the cholera came ; " turn it again," and it ceased. After hearing a sermon on the Holy Ghost at Canter- bury, on nearly the only occasion she ever went to church, she said, " The man little thought who I was." And again, " People wonder why I do not go to church. They do not know that I am ' immortal ; that I am equal with God." Nor were her extravagances confined to mere ideas. She believed, indeed, that the final judgment of man would take place in her drawing-room, and that she would sit there in judg- ment on her fellow-creatures with the Creator. But, acting upon this notion, her drawing-room in Hyde Park gardens was furnished at the expense of £15,000, for no other occasion than the Day of Judgment ; nor was it ever brought into use, but was carefully kept for that great event. Indeed, a foreman of Messrs. Gillow received an annuity of £50 for looking after this room. BesidcB this, a tiara of diamonds was bought, which was never worn, but kept in reserve for the same "august occasion." It is remarkable, however, that although Mrs. Thwaytes was steeped to the lips in religious de- lusion, she was by no mnnns au enthusiast. She preached no faith; she held forth to the world no doctrines ; she sought no converts. On the contrary, she never went to church ; ehe had no intercourse with ministers of Religion ; and was almost wholly without religious litera- ture. Indeed, she is described as ex- tremely ignorant on religious subjects, though her character was that of a shrewd calculating woman. So far from being a headstrong enthusiast, she never broached her peculiar notions except in confidential talk, and if any one attempted to dispute with her, she simply dropped the subject. She led a most regular life, took regularly an early dinner, an equally regular drive, her afternoon sleep, her game at whist in the evening, and then went early to bed. There have, no doubt, been religious enthusiasts who have proved themselves eminently capable of managing their sublunary affairs, but Mrs. Thwaytes was no religious enthusiast. Yet if this lady was so extravagant in her views as to the next world, how did ehe conduct herself in matters that concern tho present? Here was a woman who, during thirty-two years, was in possession of an enormous property. How did she manage that property? For it must be admitted that, if during so long a time she conducted herself with pro- priety and prudence, discharged all her ordinary duties, and exhibited neither excess nor extravagance, she could scarcely have been afflicted with mental disease. This question opens, perhaps, the most mysterious difficulty in the case. When Mr. Thwaytes died, in 1834, be left his wife a fortune of half a million. Now, it was distinctly proved to the Court that a sum not exceeding £3,000 must have covered all her annual expenses. A certain amount of her in- come is accounted for hy the £2,000 a year she gave to Dr. Smith, and the £400 a year to his brother, and by other known items. But, as Sir James Wilde asked, " What became of the rest? On what objects was it bestowed ?" No ex- planation on this point was furnished. It was established beyond doubt that at her death Mrs. Thwaytes did not leave a sixpence more than she had received thirty-two years before from her husband. The only persons who could throw any light on this interesting subject were Dr. Smith and his brother. But the information which they vouch- safed, and the books which they produced, were not so explicit as might have been been desired. On the other hand, the absence of auch evidence, and the im- possibility of accounting for the fact that the capital had not increased, furnish conclusive proof that Mrs. Thwaytes was either ludicrously extra ragant, or had been judiciously and periodically drained of her fortune by some means which remain as yet undis- covered. Tlie difficulty of ascertaining the real history of Mr. Thwaytes was greatly aggravated by other circum- stances. The only persons to whom she revealed herself were those of her own household. These persons were not numerous, but, singularly enough, almost every one of them was entered in thc will as legatee for large sums some for £5,000, some for £15,000 - so that it became their interest to tell no more than was absolutely required ot them. "A recollection to be exerted in destruction of its own interests must be vigorous indeed if it go the full length of the truth." No doubt the effect of these dispositions in the will was to close the mouths of those who could throw most light on the character of Mrs. Thwaytes ; but it has not availed. The will has been pronounced invalid, and the relatives of the crazy old lady will now enjoy the property of which no attempt should ever have been made to deprive them. 