NEWS OF THE WEEK. A number of tenders for the railway goods contract were received by the Govern ment on Thursday morning, June 27. The water has been let off from the Torrens Dam for the purpose of laying the foundations of the Morphett- street Bridge. 'We understand the water will bo down for three W«. S.VSULL UL*JUllUa. By the Penola we have one day's later files from Melbourne, and papers from Hobart Town to the 15th, and Launceston to the 17th. We have also news from Otago to tfce 13th, Dunedin 12th, and Hokitika to the 11th. The Wallaroo Times, respecting the labor market, has the following : — ' The scarcity of work in this neighborhood is becoming more and more serious, and we confess we see no prospect of any improvement until some ex tensive Government works are started.' Pursuant to the determination arrived at by the ratepayers of Fort Adelaide at their public meeting, held at the Town Hall on the evening of June 21, the Council met on Wednes day, and declared a special rate of 6d. in the pound on the assessment. Mr. Todd has received the following reports of rain in the North : — Burra, — The mail- guard reports heavy rain in the Far North. No rain near tha Burra this week. Port Augusta. — It commenced raining heavily at 5 o'clock, and has been raining steadily ever since. The wrestling matches at the Royal Hotel, Moonta, ended on Monday evening. The weather was glorious, and a large crowd assem bled. The playing is said to have been very e-ood and tho followine- were th« winners : — Samuel Stevens, first prize ; James James, second do. ; Joseph Liddicote, third do. Three final hearings came before the Insolvency Court on Tuesday morning. That of W. F. Tripp was adjourned till Monday, July 9, at 11 o'clock. In the case of H. L. Beevor, the insolvent was awarded a first-class certificate ; and in that of Thomas Cherry, a second-class certificate was awarded to the insolvent. The Marine Board received a despatch on Monday from their President, informing them that the Eucla landing-place had been surveyed by him, and that it was a safe and good anchorage to be used as an outlet for the country west of Fowler's Bay. The anchorage is about three-quarters of a mile over our colony's boundary, being in Western Australia. On Saturday afternoon a football match was played on the North Park Lands between the pink and blue caps of the Adelaide Football Club. The blues succeeded in making the first goal, and before the terminatiun of the game the pinks were fortunate enough in gaining one. There was a first-rate muster of members, and the game was kept up with good spirit through out. The conquering match between the City and Strathalbyn Smallbore Rifle Clubs, came oil at the Butts, on Saturday. The shoot ing on both sides was very good, and some capital scores were made. The distances were 200, 500, 600, and 800 yards, 10 rounds at each range. The match resulted in favor of the City Club, with a total score of 829 ; the Strathalbyn Club, scoring 749. Total in favor of City Club, 71. The following tenders, received for repairs to Glenelg Jetty, were forwarded to the Treasurer, with the recommendation of the Board that No. 2 be accepted :— No. 1, E. War hurst, £208; No. 2, H. Moseley, jun., £59 8s. ; No. 3, W. J. R. Farrard, £80; No. 4, W. Edwards, £115, and 8d. per foot for timber ; No. 5, C. A. Perry, £93 10s. ; No. G, D. Miller, £79 12s. 3d. ; Xo. 7, R. C. Burton, £199 18s. Gd. ; No. 8, Highet & Turner, £165. A serious accident occurred late on Wednesday afternoon to a man named Leslie Butterby, storeman in the employ of Messrs. F. H. Faulding & Co. , chemists, at Port Adelaide. He was assisting t« unload a hogshead of oil from a dray, when the same fell against the poor fellow's leg, and crusliing it against the skids lying on tho ground, thereby causing a compound fracture of the leg of a dangerous description. He was sent to tho Hospital in Adelaide. In pursuance of an advertisement, a number of gentlemen met in Lloyd's Coffee Rooms, for the purpose of forminga Chess Club. Mr. Charles Todd occupied the chair. It was resolved that the subscription be £1 per annum, with Ualf-a-crown entrance fee, and that 40 members be the minimum number of the pro posed Club. A Provisional Committee was formed, embracing the following gentlemon : — Messr3. Fullarton. Mali nice, McLeod, and J. Mann. Mr. A. L. Fullarton was appointed Secretary and Treasurer, and after some conver sational discussion respecting the working of the proposed Club, the meeting terminated. Tlie Wallaroo Times says : 'We are glad to hear that there hasbeen a splendid find at the Yclta. We are not quite sure whether it is altogether a fresh discovery, or only an extended development of that which we recently an nounced. But whichever it is, it deseives men tion, as if it be only that to which we before alluded, it would seem to have made consider able improvement. We are informed that it consists of rich black ore mixed with fine lumps of malleable copper. We were told that a gen tleman from Adelaide who recently visited the mine, estimated the weight «f one of the lumps of copper at nearly a hundredweight. ' A bazaar in aid of the building fund of St. Francis Xavicr's Hall was opened on Mon day, June 24, in tha Hull, Wakefield-streut. There was a large number of elegant and costly articles, and many also of less value. The stalls were presided over liy a number of ladies, and a staff of young ladies were engaged in taking the names of the gentlemen present for lotteries aud raffles, by means of wliich the greater quantity of things was disposed of. The Catho'ic Band played various pieces of music during the evon ing. On Tuesday and 'Wednesday eveniugs the B izaar was again opened in the Hall, and the Sides appeared to be pretty brisk. There were a number of choice articles offered for sale by auction during the last eveniug, and we believe a large sum was realised. The usual fortnightly meeting of the Municipal Council was held on Monday, when u considerable amount of business was transacted, A deputation waited upon the Council during the afternoon, ami presented a memorial with reference to the \A\»ion Hotel, and the nuisances existing in that neighborhood, in consequence of the disgraceful scenes which occur there. After some discussion, it was resolved to hold a meeting of the Council to consider tbe matter, the members of the deputation to attend. A report of the Morphett-street Bridge Committee was read, and it was also resolved to call for tenders for clearing the river of the snags which exist tliTe. Council adjourned at 0 o'clock for a fortnight. An adjourned meeting of those favo rable to the formation of a Christian Young Men's Association, was held in Mr. Young's schoolroom, Freeman-street. There was a large attendance, and Mr. S, Wuitmore was voted to tho chair. The Secretary read the report of a Committee which had been appointed at a pre vious meeting. It appcaredfthey could not agree as to whether the proposed Association be com posed of members of Churches or otherwise. A great deal of discussion ensued upon this point, the following resolution being ultimately car ried : — ' That in the opinion of this meeting, it is at present impracticable to form a Christian Young Men's Association in Adelaide.' Con tributions having been handed in to meet the expenses of advertising, kc, the meeting closed. On Saturday afternoon, a number o licensed teachers met at the Victoria Hotel, Hindley-streOt, for the purpose of considering the getting 'P of a testimonal to Mr. E. \V. Wickes, Secretary to the Education Board, on his retiring from that office. There were 20 teachers present, and it was resolved to present Mr. Wickes with a testimonal as a token of the respect which was felt towards him by the teachers, as also for the genial kindness he has always shown to those who have come in con tact with him. About £20 was subscribed by those present, and it is expected that when aU the licensed teachers are communicated with something handsome will be the result. A Committee, consisting of Messrs. Burgan, Hosking, and Moore, was appointed to cany out the object of the meeting. We are not in a position to say yet whether the heavy floods that have delayed the Northern mail have extended to the Far North as the dates of the last advices are n^t suffi ciently recent. A letter from Mdunt Deception Juue 15th, says — 'The weather is looking rainy, and we expect to have another fall.' From Umberatana, 14th June, we learn that there was no rain, ami that the nights were frosty. The rain commenced at Wilpena ou the 17th, fulling heavily in the morning, after which a continuous drizzling rain Ret in, and, to all appearance, there was abundance of wtt to the eastward. The wind was blowing from the east. We shall probably have full information by uext moil as to the area over which this long-wished-for downfall has extended. We are informed that the lambing at Wilpena was going en most favorably. On Saturday the missing Northern mail came into town by the first morning train, June 22, having been, as was supposed, delayed by floods. At Kanyaka, on the 19th, the vnnil man was delayed 24 hours, the creek being flooded. Having got away from this stittion, he was next stopped at Willochra, June 20, where the creek was 30 feet deep. After 22 hours' delay a start was made, and Pichirichi Creek was readied. Here the floods were down in great force, aud in endeavoring to cross the coach got intoquioksandfand was lost altogether, the driver having to out tbe horses loose and let them got out aa they could. The mail bag was saved, and the distance to Melrose was per formed on foot, the mails being carried, arriv ing at Melrose at half -past 11 p. m. A spring-cart was obtained and a fresh start made at half -past S o'clock in the morning, and Kooringa was reached at 4 o'clock in the afternoon on Friday. The mail was sent from the Burra At 8.10 p.m., and arrived at Kapunda at 6 o'clock next morn ing. The Court Huntsman's Pride, No. 2,478, A.O.F., having removed from tho Hunts man's Hotel to the_ Temperance Hall, Tynte etreet, North Adelaide, held their first meeting on Thursday evening, June 20, a very large number of the members of the Court being pre sent, as wall as representatives from Courts Perseverance, Foresters' Retreat, Temperance, and Friendship. A very pleasant evening was spent. The visitors from the other Courts were welcomed by the members of Court Hunts man's Pride, and acknowledged the compliment and congratulated the Court on its removal from a place where intoxicating liquors were sold, to the [present commodious and suitable building. During the evening, and after the Court meeting was over, some members of Court Friendship discoursed some very excellent music. Taking Thursday as a fair index it may be considered that the Court will be successful in its present place of meeting. We hav» been shown a collection of capital photographs by Mr. N. J. Caire, includ ing one of the Stow Memorial Church, one of a fancy ghost scene, and several taken from some pencil drawings, by Mr. Adam G. Ball. The drawings are well worth seeing. One repre sents the return of natives from tbe chase, and is extremely well executed ; the native with the kangaroo on his shoulders ; thelubras approach ing with firewood ; the old man at the foot of a gumtree getting up the fire ; and the pleased countenances of all, are very natural. The shading is good, the scenery truly Australian, and all the details that fill up the picture show care, knowledge, and skill. Another drawing suows a coupie oi anongines wun tneir spears, standing on a rock looking over the low land in search apparently of game, or the whitefellows' cattle. Both these drawings show that the artist has studied from nature, and thoroughly understands his subject. On Wednesday night as the hist train from Adelaide to the Port was passing the Alberton crossing, three horses were killed by the train running over them, and the driver seriously hurt. It appears that two drays in comjjnny were proceeding along the Grand Junction-road, one had passed over the crossing referred to, the other having five horses attached, viz., three leaders abreast, and two in shafts, and must have been on the crossing when the usual danger whistle of the train was sounded as a warning it was nearing the crossing, but before the hoi sea and dray could get clear, the train dashed into them, killing the three leading horses immediately, and throwing the driver and one of the shaft horses into the gutter of the crossing. This horse 'and the remaining one escaped with a few brusies.' Tbe driver we have Bince learnt was much hurt, and has gone to the Hospital. The dray's shafts were broken, but the body of the vehicle not much damaged. The owner of the dray and horses or driver's name has not yet been ascertained. The train was stopped with great promptitude on the engine-man feeling the shock ; and one horse, which had been dragged by the cow fender of the engine about 100 yards, was cleared out of the way, and the train proceeded to the Port. An accident of this description suggests the advisability of railway crossings on public roads being guarded by gates and a keeper of same. Referring to a rumor in Hokitika, that 1,000 ozs. of gold had been smuggled on board the Raugitoto, the West Coast Times has the following remarks : — 'A rumor had been cur rent in Hokitika that 1,000 oz. of gold had been smuggled on board the Rangitoto ; and the rumor appears to have been circumstantial enough to convince the Custom House authori ties. Upon this the West Coast Times bases the following : — ' There is nothing — save the bare fear of detection -to prevent parties ftom smuggling gold wholesale, for, although there are detectives appointed for the express purpose of searching every person who leaves the dis trict, the method employed is so defective as, in point of fact, to render the law a mere dead letter. How is it possible to search passengers effectually on board of a small steamer passing between the bar and the outer anchorage, when all, including the detectives, had much ado to keep their feet, whilst many are stretched about in every imaginable position under the influence of sea sickness. We defy the detective to do more than partly search them — by simply passing his hands Tip and down the person, and about the region of the pockets. He does not ex.tt.tnme the boots (a likely place for concealment), and common decency forbids too strict an examination in the presence of females, of whom there are generally a few leaving by every steamer. The sex, of course, :ire privileged, and very properly so, as no male detective would dare to handle a woman under auch circumstances ; and even if a female searcher were appointed, she could scarcely per form her functions upon the open deck of a steamboat. The present system is merely a farce, and tends to throw ridicule and contempt wpoTi every person connected with it ; and is, moreover, exceedingly vexatious and irritating to those subjected to its action. Our suggestion is that passengers and their luggage should be searched before leaving the wliarf, in a room constructed for that purpose in the transit shed. We don't include ladies in the category ; they, of course, as heretofore, will lie permitted to pass free.'' On Friday evening, June 21, there was an entertainment of readings and recitations at the Institute, several well-known literary gentle men giving their assistance. The fii-at piece was a selection from 'The Siege of Corinth,' recited by Mr. W. H. Paqualin with consider able spirit and elocutionary effect. 'Suiting the action to the word' was road in an appro priate and pleaisant style by Mr. H. F. Price, Lamon Blaneiiard's humor being admirably brought out. ' The Brothers of Birchinglon' was recited by Mr. J. W. Downer, and elicited considerable applause. Then followed one of Artemus Ward's exquisite productions, ' Horace Greely's Ride to Placerville,' read by Mr. L. Glyde, M.T*. , in whose hands justice was done to the spirit and meaning of the unrivalled humorist. The scene from ' The Irish Attorney,' by Messrs. P. M. Coleman, H. Sparks, and T. F. Monteith was very amusing. After an interval, Macaulay's 'Lay of Virginia' was recited by Mr. R. Whinham, and Mr. Howard Clark followed with the residing of the 'School- boy's Story.' Mr. T. H. Glarkson then gave from memory Davi.1 Copperfield's account of his courtship of Dora in a manner that showed a true appreciation of the humor And pathos of England's most popular writer. Mr. O. K. Richardson had made a happy selection in the 'Lame Pig,' which elicited great laughter. A scene from 'Time Works Wonders' was admirably given by Messrs. W, Kay, F. Ryinill, and J. Howard Chirk, who were rewarded by the emphatic approbation of the audience, and who afforded considerable pleasure to those who really love dramatic exhibitions when they can see them elsewhere than on the legitimate stage. This brought tbe pioceedings to a close. The Albert Bells Committee met on Wednesday to receive the accounts and balance sheet, and wind up all matters connected with the Committee's appointment. There were present— His Worship the Mayor (in the chair), Messrs. A. S. Clark, D. Peryinan, D. Culley, and the Hon. Secretary, W. A. Hughes. The Secretary laid on the table balance-sheet duly audited, showing receipts £793 16b., and pay ments £792 9s. Sd., leaving a balance £1 6s. 4d. towards advertising balance-sheet. The Sec retary reported as follows : — 1. That the delay in laying the accounts before the Committee and bringing tho matter 1 1 a close had arisen from the non-payment of several subscriptions, Mine of wliich had onlf very recently been collected, and a list of those still owing tie laid on the table. 2. Ho also reported that the bells had been accepted Joy tne Uorporation for the city, and the freight and erection of them paid by that body ; that the Customs entries had been passed free of charge by Mr. Newman, and the bells conveyed to town free by Messrs. Hill & Co. 3. That he proposed suspending tbe subscription-lifts of Messrs. English, Culley, Brown, Goodo, Metlor, Bundey, Stonchouse, Peryinan, B.un fonl, Hughes, Darling, and Pollitt in the Town Clerk's Office for the inspection of any subscribers desirous of seeing them, there being no funds for publishing more than the balance sheet, and to them would he attached a list of those who promised subscriptions, but had not paid them. It was proposed by Mr. Clark, and seconded by Mr. Peryman, and carried, that the bai:ince-bheet now read be received, and with the Secretary's report be adopted and entered on the minutes also, that a suggest ion made by tlie Auditors as to printing the balance-sheet be carried out. It was proposed by Mr. Onlley, and seconded by Mr. Peryman and carried, that tlie cordial thanks of the Committee be give i to the Hou. Secretary, Mr. Hughes, for the exer tions and energy displayed by him in carrying the movement for providing a peal of belln for the city to a successful issue. The Committee was then dissolved. The usual quarterly soiree in connec tion with the South Australian Institute took place in the Town Hall, on Tuesday evening, June 25. The attendant was very large, the hall being nearly filled. Mr. John Howard Clark presidod, and in initiating the proceedings, remarked that a» it was customary on such occasions, he would say a few words. During the last quarter the annual examination of the books belonging to the library had been made, and in consequence he waa enabled to lay before them one or two statistics. The number of volumes at tho present time was 14,000, ehow ing an increase of 1,100 since the previous examination. He felt confident that all the friends of the Institute would be gratified at the increase in value and usefulness of tlie Library. Within the last 12 months as many aa 56,000 issues had been made. These faoU h« considered were conclusive evidence of th» growing necessity to enlarge their building, and he trusted that in the approaching session of Parliament, a sufficient amount would be placed upon the Estimates for tha purpose. They wanted not only more accommo dation for the library, but they needed a larger Reading-room, the one at present in use being very inconvenient, on account of its ?nullness. They also wanted more room for the Mnseum, and that he considered tke most important of all their wants. The programme that evening consisted of an entertainment by Mr. and Mn. George Case, whose abilities required no com ment ,from him, and a lecture by Mr, Flood. Without oosupying their time further, he would ask Mr. and Mrs. Case to commence. Th« talented artistes alluded to then gave an abridg ment of ' The Lost Party.' The character* selected were Sprouts, Mrs. Major Buster, John Mangles, Trubbles, and Miss Polyphemia Scrog gins. As these impersonations have been pre viously described, and the various excellencies of the delineations Bet forth, it is unnecessary to say anything beyond that they were all well sustained, and that laughter and merriment prevailed during the whole of the time Mr. and Mrs. Case engaged the attention of the audience. Mr. W. EL Flood next delivered a lecture on ' Reminiscences and Sketches of Sea, Life.' After making some prefatory remarks, he proceeded to allude to the great improve ments which had of late years been effeoted in navigation, and then dilated upon the courageoos ness of the British sailor. He narrated in teresting incidents in his life when a midship man, and having alluded to the privations en dured by seamen, he referred to the fact that the greater portion of the Bailors employed by England at the present time were foreigners, which he did not think would be ultimately found conducive to the country's welfare. la conclusion, he read a very mirth-provoking sketch of sea life. Mrs. Case having again en singing and capital acting, and Mr. Case by his excellent instrumentation, the programme was brought to a termination shortly before 11 o'clock by the National Anthem being sung. On tha motion of Mr. N. Blyth, M.P., & vote of thanks waa accorded to the lecturer and Mr. and Sirs. Case, after which the meeting dispersed. On Monday evening, June 24, an enter tainment was given by the Adelaide Amateur Christys, at the Oddfellows' Hall, Hindmarah, in aid of All Saints' Church. The attendance was very large. The first part consisted of songs and glees, which were well rendered. After a short interval, the beautiful chorus ' God blesa the Prince of Wales' was given with fine effect. A lecture by the Rev. Canon Russell followed. Subject — 'Pickwick Papers.' The rev. gentle man created a deal of merriment by the amusisg manner in which he related the adventures of Mr. Pickwick, and was loudly applauded on re suming his seat. 'The Huntsman's Chorus1* brought the first part of the entertain ment to a close. After an interval of 10 minutes our sable friends again ap peared, and from this time until tha cloe* of the performance the audience were convulsed with laughter. First came the ' Four Cures,' which was encored, and deservedly so, seeing that it was well danced, and the grotesque bd pearance which each one possessed. This w»s followed by the song 'In the Rain,' which was also encored. Then came the 'Masquerad* Waltz.' In this piece we observed one or two had donned the female attire, and looked ex ceedingly welL It was very amusing, and waa redemanded. As the hour was now getting advanced the other pieces were brought on in quick succession. 'Hop Light Loo,' and ' Walk in Joe ' were both encored, but in con sequence of the lateness only one was responded to. The next piece was the ' Japanese Band,™ which we thought was the most amusing of the whole performance. It was composed of a number of individuals dressed in the style of our Chinese friends, and playing instruments, the construction of which are beyond our powers of description ; suffice to say that they caused roars of laughter, and the piece was up roariously redemanded. The whole was brought to a close by an original bur lesque on the gentleman who is now creating such a sensation in Adelaide by his phrenological and mesmeric performances. The chair w;ia ably taken by a well-known Government official. The heads of several of our leading politioiaus were very carefully sketched on the charts which were exhibited by the gentlemen who so ably performed the parts of phrenologist and mes merist. He fully delineated their different bumps to the apparent satisfaction of tha audience, who were lavish in their applause. Several subjects were brought under the mes meric influence, and created no end of fun by their actions, especially a very obstreperous old lady who, for some time, withstood all tbt- powers of the mesmerist to subdue her, but finally succumbed. Taking the entertainment altogether, it was the most successful one over given at Hindmarsh, and must have proved veiy satisfactory in a pecuniary point of view. W» would mention that the gontlemen amateurs who performed at Hindmarah are not the same as those who have been so successfully perform ing in the city. The following was one of the conundrums, which we think worthy of re port :— ' Why am Messrs. Eight, Voods, and Hamilton de most cleverest doctors in de city ? — Because dey gave Mr. Farr an emetic of English Brown stone, and made him frow up do post-office.' The game of chess by telegraph be tween Messrs. Popham and Brunskill, of Gawler Town (two members of the Chess Club there), white ; and Messrs. R. B. Hale and W. Braddock, Port Adelaide, black, cams to a con clusion at 1.39 this morning, white resigning. The subjoined is the complete account of the - game : — WHITE. BLACK. 1\. P to K 4's 1. P to Q's B 4 2\. K's B to Q's B 4 2. P to K 3 3\. QtoK'aB3 3. P to Q's B 3 4\. Q'sR'sPtoQ'sR4 4. Kt to Q's B 3 5\. P to Q's 3 5. P to Q's Kt 3 6\. Kt. to Q's R 3 6. Kt to Q 5 7\. Q to K's Kt 3 7. P to Q's Kt 4 8\. 1' to Q's B 3 8. P takes B 9\. P takes Kt 9. P takesP on Q 6 10\. Q takes P on Q's 3 10. Q to Q's R 4— chock: 11\. Q's U to Q 2 1L Q takes Q's R P 12\. K's Kt. to K 2 12. P takes Q P 13\. Kt takes P * 13. P to Q 3 14\. Castles K's side 14. Q to Q 2 15\. K's It to K's square 15. P to K's 4 16\. Kt to K's B 3 16. Kt to K'a B 3 17\. Pto K'sR3 17. P to K's R 3 18\. Q's Kt to Q's B 4 18. R to Q's Kt square 19\. B to Q's R 5 19. Q to K 3 20\. K's Kt takes K's P 20. B to Q's Kt 2 2L B to Q's B 7 21. R to Q's B square 21\. B takes P on Q 6 22. R to Q's square 23\. Q to Q's Kt 3 23. K'a B takes B ?24. Q takes B 21. B takes Kt 25\. Q takes R's P 25. Q to K 2 26\. Q to B C 26. Kt to Q 2 27\. Q's R to Q square 27. Castles 28\. Q's R to Q 5 28. Kt to K's Kt square 29\. QtoQ'sKt5 20. K takes Q'e K 30\. Q takes R 30. Kt to Q 2 31\. Kt taken B 31. Kt takes Kt 32\. 11 to Q's square 32. R to Q's B aquare 33\. P to K's B 4 33. Kt to Kt 3 34\. K's Kt P to K'a 34. Q to Q'a R 2 — ok Kt3 35. Q takes Q 35\. QtoQ4 36. R to Q'a B 8 — ck 36\. R takes Q 37. R to Q's B 7 — ck 37\. K to K's B 2 38. R take* P 38\. K to K's B 3 39. Kt to K'a B sonar* 39\. R to Q 7 40. R toQ's Kt 6 — ck 40\. RtoQ8 4L PtoK'sXt3 41\. K to K'a Kt 4 42. K to Kt 2 42\. R's P to R 4 43. Pto R 4 — cheek 43\. B P to K's B 5 44 Bto Q's Kt 3 44\. K to B 4 45. Kt to R 2 4'-. R to Q's 6 46. K takes P 46\. P takes P 47. RtoQ'sKt5— ck 47\. K's P to K 5 48. Kt to B square 48\. K to K 3 49. R takes R 49\. R to 6 4 SO. K to K's B 4 50\. K takes R 51. Kt to Kt't 3. 5L K to Q 5 The following is given in a Beechworth journal as a translation of the plot of a drama which has been performed by a local Chinese theatrical troupe :— 'Two kings— one Chinese, one English king. The king pay a good deal of money every year. The other king got a good many soldiers. The king broke his promise. The other king wrote a letter to the Chinese kins to meet him half way, to converse together. Both kings have got as many soldiers as each other. Both kings sign an agreement that neither should pay any money. When the Chinese king found out that the English was not going to pay money tbe Chinese king said he would fight with the Bnglioh king. The English king fetched a jar of wine to give to the Chinese king to drink together. The Chinese king was afraid that there was poison in the wine, and then the Chinese king's son-in-law put a knife in the wine to see if there was any poison in it. Now they both drink the wine together. Both kings have got a son-in-law, and both fight. The Chinese son- in-law kills tbe English son-in-law with a bow and arrow. The English king goes book to England; he goes home to t ;11 his daughter that her husband is dead. Then the English king's daughter takes tbe soldiers to fight China. She is like a wizard, and calls out a lot of animal* to catch the Chinese king's son-in-law. Then she takes him to England and kills him. Then the princess kills the Chinese king and all the soldiers. This was a 