THE GREAT EASTERN. In the courso of a few days the Great Eastern will ho ready for service between France and New York. Since tho big ship returned to the Mersey, after her successful cable expedition, sho has undergone a complete ovcrhuul. In the first place she was stripped of all her cable-laying fillings, nnd also had her screw boilers removed, after which sho was placed ou a gridiron on tho Cheshire sido of the Mersey, and nearly opposite to the vessel's moorings in the Sloyne. While beached the bottom of the ship was scraped, and one or two plates which were in a some what defective state were replaced by new ones. These repairs wore dono under the immcdiato superintendence of Mr. George Bcckwith, the chief engineer on board the Great Eastern. While these repairs were being accomplished outside the vessel, a number of extensive and important alterations were being carried on inside tho ship, under tho direction of Sir James Anderson. New screw boilers, expressly designed by Mr. Bcck with, and constructed at the Vauxhall Foundry, Liverpool, were put on board without the slightest bitch, and satisfactorily tested. These new boilers will generate a much larger quantity of steam than could be produced by tho old ones, and as a matter of courso give a greater propelling power to the engines. Tho old paddlo crank has also been removed — a task attended with considerable risk and difficulty, but safely accomplished— and anew eccentric shaft, made at the Mersey Forge, has been introduced instead of the old crank. This alteration will also tend to give increased power to tho paddles. In fact, the engineer ing department has undergone a most efficient and careful overhaul, and when the big ship is ready-for sea, this department of tho vessel with its workshops, containing lathes, forges, &c.;, will have more the appearance of a well regulated foundary than the engine depart ment of a steamship. A steam steering ap paratus has also been constructed on deck close to tho wheel, and the ship can be cither steered from the bridge or from the site of steering gear. There are also two powerful donkey engines on deck — ono forward and the other aft. Extending about 140 feet on the after part of the deck is a splendid dining saloon, capable of accommodating about 50u people at once. This saloon will be one of the most splendid of any ship afloat; it is twice the length of the one on board the Scotia, is two feet higher, and seven feet broader. Attached to this saloon is a commodious house, containing the pastry shop, bakery, and a bar. The top of this .saloon forms a fine promenade, about 200 feet in length, which in fine weather will no doubt be well appreciated. On tho fore part of tbo deck is another but smaller saloon, which among other essentials to comfort, contains a barber's shop. While other alterations and improvements ore being done on tbo deck, down below the alterations are of an equally elaborate character. The large space which was formerly used for tho cable tanks has undergone a complete renova tion. Three graud saloons bavo been con structed ; and, when completed, will form a splendid suite of apartments. Tho ceilings of these saloons will bo beautifully decorated, and the walls covered with a splendid French paper, on which will be impressed scenes of different places in Europe, Asia, America, Ac. Close to and in easy communication witkthe saloons arc tho berths and staterooms. Tbo curtains for the berths, which will give sleep ing room to 3000 passengers, ore all of ono uniform pattern. The material selected is an elegant and costly English chaillc, of alight cream- colored ground, with running roses. In oruur iLIHb tUD jJUSSUHjjuia luajr wvn vv tuiwu for, n washing machine, capable of doing any amount of washing, has been fitted up, com bined with which is a large drying room. Thero is also a clean aud well vontilated hospital fitted up. Further down in the vessel, but almost in direct communication with the upper deck, are the ice-houses, beer aud wino " cellars," together with an immense storeroom, capable of containing 500 tons of passengers' luggage, aud that without incon venience. One of tho wine" cellars " alone, has room for 500 dozen of wine. The Great Eastern will, in addition to eleven lifeboats and eleven ordinary boats, carry ascrcw6team launch, fifty-five feet long, which will be slung to she ship's side by two immense davits. A large condenser will also be on board, capable of condensing 10,000 gallons of water por day, which will be very amplo for all purposes, when wo consider that, wheu tho vessel sails from tho Mersey," she will bnve 36,000 gallons of water on board. She will also tako out 7000 tons of coal.— 1 European Times.' Petty Theft.— Mrs. Bailey, a washerwoman, living at the back of the Prince of Wales Theatre, hung a quantity of clothes on a line in Iter own yard to dry on Thursday afternoon. She had occasion to leave home for a short time between seven and eight o'clock, and on her return she dis covered that two pairs of trousers, valued at 30s . had been stolen during her absence. The whole of the unallotted shares in tho Mary- borough Sugar Company liavu been taken up by those of the original subscribers residing in the district ; the company has now, therefore, a sub- scribed capital of £10,000. This shows the con fidence felt here in the undertaking, and there is everything to warrant that confidence. Tho crop, competent judges from the East Indies and Mauri tius say, is as fine ns ever they set their eyes on. The expenditure has been kept within the estimated amount by a good round sum, and a largo number of acres is under crop. Tho estimated income by the prospectus of the first crop to bo made in lou7, from lstot oeptemuerio 30th November, was 100 acres of virgin canes nt three tons per ncro ; 300 tons of sugar at £32 net, per ton— £9,600. From tho molasses, 300 gallons of rum at Is. 6d. per gallon, £200; uiul from 200 tons of tops or plants for sale, at £2 per ton, £100 ; total, £10,200. Evcu should the actual return fall two or three three thousand pounds within this sum, the entcrprbe win prove a very profitable one.— Maryborough Chronicle. Sydney.— May 29. Tho trial of tho brothers Clarke lasted till nearly midnight. The Judge commenced his summing-up about half- past nmo o'clock. The jury, after an absence of an hour, ' returned a verdict of guilty. They were sentenced to death.— Courier. Riuou Notes on Cotton Cultivation.— A correspondent signing himself "Murphy," and dating from above Ipswich, scuds us the following rough notes— but to the point — on cotton growiog in general " My experience with this plant only extends hack to 1864 ; yet I havo been a close observer, trying different plans. Some plants wero sown caily, some late ; some sown close, nnd souio wide apart. 1 will now lot you know what I havo learnt : Owing to the wet and close pilot ing, tho cotton is still growing, when it ought to bo ripe and tho picking going on. Wet or dry, no inure close planning f«»r me. CIom sowing, that it I tho teed flung iu all of a heap aud left too long before it is thinned for a stand, weakens tho growth, and keeps it hack. This is a logs, 1 have found. Again 1 sowed from three to four seeds in one hole, and left my stand at the third leaf. Well, the result wns that it out-grcw the grub. I felt satisfied that the sooner you make your stand the sooner the cotton will come to maturity. Scatter the seed sparingly, aud thin it while young. Secure your standing plants as soon as you can, it is a good plan to plough and sow at the samo time, baviug a man to follow the plough nnd put in the seed with the hoe. Give plenty of room both ways — four feet by five feet will do. Tho scttffler smothers weeds much better than tho harrow on heavy laud. The topping of cotton Ims beeD largely commented upou ; some fearing to treat the plant in this way, fur fear of destroying the pods. This is a mistake, I believe. I have tried topping in various ways ; first upon young plauts only commencing to blootn; I found that it became a fine plant, well loaded with pods — a good sign that topping did no harm. Again, I topped older plants in dry weather. It stopped that spindly growth which poor soil sends up when dry weather comes. When topj cd, the cotton makes a staud, the sap finds its way to the branches, the slock becomes strong, causing plenty of bearing wood and pods. When allowed to run up spindly puny branches, small pods and stunted cotton is tho result. I also tried the same treatment upon a full- grown plant, the pods being well formed, and the result was a great improve ment. Tho pods rapidly came to maturity, and were a great deal larger than those that had not been topped ; uor did it preveut the plant from bearing in the least, but improved it greatly. It stands to reason that when the upward flow of sap is stopped, it must strengthen the stock, then the branches, ihcu the puds, aud ultimately the cotton. 1 believe topping will not do for close planting; it wuuld only make matters worse. The benefit of topping the plant ami thin sowing is this — it makes up in quantity as well as qualify. When cotton is brought in from lite field, have some one at tho bench picking it over, cleaning the burr out, and opening the lumpy pods. Wo ought to class our cotion, placing it as first quality and second quality. These should be ginned separately. It would give us sonic idea of its real value io the home market. I think it a bad plan login good and middliug up together."— Queens- lander. Man Drowned.— The Courier of Thursday says — 'Pom I'avey was drowned in the Bay yester- ing morning. Deceased was a senmnu on board the cutter Jessie, belonging to Mr. James Campbell. Ou the 28th instant deceased and another man named Martin Anderson went down to the bay for the purpose of getting coral to burn lime. Tho latter states that the cutter got as far as the boat channel below Lytton, and dropped anchor, when it become dark. Thev remained at anchor till between three and four o'clock yesterday morning, when they set sail and proceeded about a inilo further. They then lowered the punt which they curried in tho stern of the cutter, and, in doing so, the line broke, and the punt got adrift. They put the cutter about, and tried to get hold of the punt, but could not at first. After a little while, however, they succeeded, and deceased tied tho punt to tho riggiug of the cutter and jumped on board. When he got there he let go tho lino which fastened it to the cutter, and in his efforts to prevent it drifting owuy, upset it, und fell into the water. Anderson did uot sec him rise again, A melancholy accident occurred on the 19th instaut close to the station of Messrs. M'Audrcws and M'PhiUaniy, Maranoa district. A married woman, who lives ou the station, went out to meet her husband, who was driving a bullork-tcam, and when she approached the bullocks one of thcin attempted to kick her. In stepping back sho slipped and fell, the wheel passing over her skull and crushing it like an egg-shell. When her head wns raised her brains fell down upon her bosom. The Police Magistrate of a neighbouring district happened to be passing nt the monicut, and ho held an investigation. There can be no doubt that tho death was the result of pure nccideut. The bereaved husband, who bears nn cxcellcut character, was almost in a stale of distraction. He was ouly two mouths married.— Courier of Thursday. Tub Late Artemus Ward.— A brief sketch of some of the incidents in the career of Artcmus Ward, gleaned from au American source, may not be uninteresting to our readers. Charles F. Browne was born in 1834, nt a village called Waterford, in Oxford County. When quite a boy he entered a printing office, and was considered a very skilful manipulator at the "case," but becoming tired of seeing the samo old faces every day, he started upon a tour and visited nil tho principal places in New England, stopping at each town for a brief period, and working at his trade. He afterwards settled in Boston, where he worked with "stick and rule " until his abilities enabled him to rcncli the editorial chair. Couiic stories und comic essays were his forte, and his writings soon obtaiucd tho greatest popularity. Tiring of Boston, ho made his way to the west. On tho shores of Lake Erie and ou the banks of the Ohio nnd Mississippi he gleaned that knowledge of Western life aud acquired that acute iusight into the comic side of Western character which stand out so conspicuously in his humorous sketches. Having reached Cleveland, he became editor of the Pl'aindealcr. It was at this period of Ids life that he adopted tho psoudouym of Artoinus Ward. In the autumn of I860, he came to New York, aud was engaged iu the editorial department of Vanity Fair. His first atteinjit at lecturing was at Norwich, Conn., since which he has attained to groat celebrity ns u comic writer and lecturer. His chief subjects were " The Babes iu the Wood," . " Sixty Minutes in Africa," " An Hour with Presi dent Lincolu," " Artemus Ward's Struggle with the Ghost," and " Life ntnung the Mormons." Iu 1863 lie sailed for California, where he made a most successful tour, and realised largo stuns of money by his lecturing. Ou ono occasion, at Piatt's Music Hall, Sun Francisco, the receipts amounted to 1,465 dollars. At San Jose the place was illuminated with tar barrels on the night of his arrival. At Santa Clara, tho building not being sufficiently large, the whole audience adjourned to the open air, while Artemus, sup- ported by Mr. Hingston, his agent, holding two wax candles, " spoke his piece " under tho star- spangled canopy uf Heaven. Ou his way to tho Stall Lake City he was captured by Indians, and narrowly escaped scalping. Returning through llio rocky mountains thy sleigh was broken, and Mr Brown and Mr. Hjngston had to walk some miles through the snow at midnight, followed by a troop of hungry wolves, winch they Kept otuay with their revolvers. Uc returned to Now Vork in 1864, whero ho attracted immense audiences by lecturing upon his travels in California and 8alt Lake City. — Illustrated Theatrical Xtws. A Pleasing Prosfect of Boiled Beef. — The Food Committee of tho Society of of Arts have done good service by culling st- tontiou to a uew importation of boiled beef from Australia. Messrs. M'Call, of 137, Ilouusditcb, have on sale a first consignment of GO/JO!) lbs. of Australian beef, and havo made arrangements for taking u similar quau- tity every month. Tho moat ifc the best Australian beef, not salted, but carefully stewed and packed in tins hermetically scaled. It has none of tho common objectionable ap pearances or flavour of preserved meat ; nnd, being ready cooked, is exceedingly cheap at 7d. per pound, without bono. This is not move thnu 6d. a pound with bouc, aud, if it bo I truo that ono company tilono in Australia . could send us nuuually the beef of ton thou- ! saml fat oxen at this price, sumo of us may yet live to see oeet coming uuwn in price «u I the general markets of this country.—1 Daily, j News.' 