BBMABKABLE STORY OF MISTAKEN . IDENTITY,'! ? ! J In tbe monlh'of'Mirch, 1858^'{be dead body of a I man wai found floating in the Clyde,' somewhere abbie tho bridgeey.and taken te the Humane Society's Receiv- ing House, where it lay for identification. It curiously happened at this very. time; .that.two men went amist inp; in Glosgow, the husbands respectively. of Mrs! SI and Sirs. TV A gentleman', a'"friend! of the 'latter woman,;, knowing of the strange Absence: I of Mr. T., called ot the dead-house - to look at the, corpse of, the drowned man, which was considerably .decomposed, and éoald only be'identified by marka not wholly'dependent on corporeal preservation. ' After-ia minute inspfction, this gentleman came »war convinced 'that 'the body was unquestionably- that of if r.. T.. to whose : wile or widow ho communicated -his conviction. TJjn willing1, however,'to believe that ber hnsband, either by accident, br design, 'had come to suoh an end, the'woman declined at first to visit the dead house fo7 the. ; pnrpoae . of : setting, ; the . matter at i. rest. : Bot the propriety of her doing so was presented to her : in jo strong a ' light, that she at length consented to : accompany - -her 'friend; - although 'she' still' held ; ont1 against the possibility of : the dead body being that of .; her husband. Bbe 'ooold not, of ooaree, be otherwise! than satisfied ofjthe truth of her belief when, on arriving at tb'ó'deadhonss, it'was found that the corpse had, been : already oUlmed by the other <vbmnn as'the body of heir' hú»bañd, who had ralso »gone amisliop. » This put an i end for,the tim», to the more.Berious side of Mrs. T.'j anxiety, and- she returned home,.{tberefo:n,¡compar*k ! tivoly comforted-her relief, however, hf i nit tbs mea-j snre of the apparently:authentic'widow's grief. ' It will ¡ serve toi ahow 'the; oèrtïioty of this'womso'as to the. identity of the corpse she had olaimed aodtakenbomeV when we mention that ehe, applied for and reorived^six ! br seven' pounds of funeral money from the Liver; Society; of which hér husband had been a member. The j remains of the man'wore buried in due Coursé, and-the, widow mourned as for the diath of tone whom sheicould, sever again." behold. Little . did she or, her .friends; dream of the remarkable manner in which the genuine- j ndss of ' her 'sorrow.' was to be speedily tested.; .In these-drys, no person, expects to see a'ghost ;: neither did Mrs. S. oxpeot to see one -shortly after the' funeral of the , drowned ; man 5 but if; for one awful moment about this time ehe was nnder. tho impression, that she saw tho ghost'of her husband; abe might j 'well be excused,' f>r that husband, in proprla-persona, : did aclu« I ly one evening ropen tho door of'his 1 own 'house and walk qulotly into, the presence of his really1 [terrified'wife. ,The cns« now ' stood taus : As the body which' had beon-buried was not that'of the person it was presn'm«Ül to be, and it was still o'herwise unolàiraed, the question! aroao-Might it-not, afierall, have been tho corpse of ,Mr. T., whoié wife was unwilling to-believe, that her .husband was dead?," Probability "was Certainly in 'favour of auch a presumption; and the- gentleman -whom we had mentioned as having irt«peoted the body; .of the droaned man, and. who waa personally ac- quainted, with Mr. T., returned . to; his original belief,! birding it more tenaciously than ever, hs to'the identity; of the corpse. .Naturally, of course, thé argumentai whioh Nra. T.'formerly repelled as1 Inade quate,-nowi deceived some colour of an'thentioity.,frem.the new oi'r-l eumuancet. Vfo shall briefly rtftr.to these'arguments' which, os will bo seen in , tho'floquel, a-o curious in aj threefold sense.' 'In the flist place, tho. husband of Airs.: T. »as of abort stature, and stout,-so waa the husband of the other woman-and so: was: the, tOily of tho drowned man.. In'the next place, Mrs. T.'s. husband woro, when ,he. disappeared, » necksoa'rf pf atcertain pat tom-the husband ' of tho other woman'wore nn oxaoily similar sosrf- and- BO did the body that was picked from itbe; Clyde. Again, Mr. T. was 1 known,' when he left horne,,to have ono of hie boots patched in a peculiar manner; one pt the boots ot the other woman's husband; was.also patched in tho sane stylo ; and of the hoots worn by the doad - body, one of them, was patohed exooily like that of the otheri two. These .triplo coincidences mor?, rliowever, rather, curious than msrvsllous or, convincing es. argument». Thousands of 'mon aro abort and "»tout; thuusacds of men woar, cravats bf a similar pattern ; and ' thou-ands bf men weir their boots io the same manmiyand are therefore . obliged , to have,, thenv patohed : in similar, style. Anjihor small ooinoidonoe may be; : added.' Mr. T. was' known' to ' have ' boen "a' regular reader of "Reynolls' ; Miscellany'* - end a copy of that peiiodical WM '--found-in . tho -'coat *,i .-dt; 1-;Á.. ? J ?. .-- O v, ' ^.t'lia.V.-t . pocket of the drowned men when faa was tah«a-/rora tl river. Ratall such fact« "ñnttogether, need ' ai arg« men ts, must ever be Inconclusive in cases so serious i the. identity, of a . haman body,' The-most-singu'i o-iacidenos in the present affair, howaviiy.remains to 1 indicated. Wa have already said that the body was : good deal decomposed. This was partiauforty- true i «befaos, but,other parta wore bot'er preserved,, an especially tho left hand, the thnmb oft which at ll ¡bowljsras unusually enlarged. ? Now,'I hie-was a partioi ' lar feature of T.'s left hand,, and when the gentlemi -whose connection with the affair we hase- alro-sdy mei itloned went to view the body, one of tho firstithinga t did was to examine, the, le/t .hand to seo- wbat size c thumb was there. His surprise and grief* were-grei indeed when be discovered > this remarkable feature- o ' the hand of th» dosd man, vrhiob at oboe convinced hil that tho body» ha »aw thero was that if hîs-frienii. Bl 'hare again begins the singularity of the matter. ¡H j hasbsnd of the ' other, woman had also aa exaggerate ! thumb, and it was in foot partly, if not .wholly , by th: mark that abe identified the body as that of her raisi ¡og partner.--Thuá, then, the return of the on»- bm banu, as above; detailed, proved that' bo- ot'least hu -escaped a watery grate ; while - the continued àbseno of the other hnsband greatly strengthened, tba proba ; nility that the corpse olaiuuHl ani buried under anothe name, and on aocount of whioh funeral money had beei received, was the bodyof Mr.'T.' j These incidents, a* already 'stated, occurred in tb 'spring of 1858. Eight years after Mrs. T., conaentei ; to marry a second time. But even thea; -in order - tc ; dissipate the postiibljity of doubt, the widow, < before'thi .' marriage, vislti'd her first husband's relatives' iii Ayr- shire; to-1 make sure-; that they knew or-had bearii nothing of the''long- absent"man.-- They assured -her thit they were as absolutely in tho dark a's herself r< ! carding the fate of their .friend., This waa enough, She roturned home to Glasgow satisfied, was married to 1 Mr. -ii., her sêeohd husband, in' tho beginning of Anril \- last, and np till within'¿wo months ago, was-living ! happily-with him.* .v;,.. . .*".'. ... - ?' About six dr eight'weeks sinco the husband who was ' supposed, and not without fair circumstantial evidence, to hare been drowned in the'Clyde, .presented himsolf suddenly in Glasgow." The.s'ffeot'of his'coming may be imagined. <? The surprise was, however, speedily oror on the one. aide, and:it was soja the áb'enteeS turn to be surprised ; when, in reply td a ques'ion, h.« was informed ' that bia wife was certainly living, -but married to another man. Tho returned husband and his wife-a wife in a doublo sense-hid of couijo- an interview, lt waa a peooliarlyoruel position for the wife, who had for so many years toiled and suffrrcJ and only, at tho lost moment' got into somer thing, like .'. smooth 1.water. The . question.., will naturally:. occur-where was the husband ' ali this time f Simp'y in England, quietly pur- suing hi« trade, and, we may prosnme, living a, compa- ratively- oomfortaSle life.' We say nothing about Lia motives* for suoh oonduol, although we have heard something about tnom ; but the mere' faot of snoh a prolonged absence in a.land of railways, post- offices, and telegraphs, without oommanioatieg to his wife or friends a single syllable as to bis whereabouts, has by no means a comely appearance. The wife has twenty defences, but for suoh oonduct on the part of the hus- band there seems no del'enoa whatever. .> Who the man was whose body waa * found ia tba Clyde, and who so closely reaombled two other ! mon, then < alive, ii likely te rem aid a mystery-for ever:-Glasgow Herald. 