The Queensland Turf. THE NOBTK AUSTRALIAN JOCKEY CLUB MEETING. (From the Brislane Courier.') TATHOJÍ ; His Excellency Slr George F. Bowen, K.G.C.M.G. PRESIDENT : Honorable Francis E. Bigge, M.L.C. VICE-PRESIDENT : Honorable Ratcliffe Pring. STEWARDS ; George Faircloth, Esq., J.P. : Robert Little, Esq. : Edmund M. Hoyds, Esq., M.L.A. ¡ Honorable Joshua P. Bell, M.L.A. : Follet Cardew, Esq., J.F. STARTER : Tho Hon. J. P. Bell FIRST DAY, TUESDAY, *rn JUNE. I Tho annual mece of the North Australian Jockey Club, which rommoncod yesterday, bid fair to provo in every respect os great a success as any of its predecessors. Certainty, tito first day's sport was all that could be desired. Tho weather was delightfully fino and cool, tho attendance was largo, though scarcely so numerous as was anticipated, and though the fields for somo of tho races were rather smaller than could, have been wished, I considering the largo prizes contended for, yet tho sport I itself was interesting, and in some of tho events very close and exciting. Tho racing gonorally was excellent, and in several instances was extremely exciting. Within a few minutes of tho timo set, 12 o'clock, tho first of the Ave ovonts on the card-viz., the Ladies' Purse-was brought forward for decision. Tho whole of tho nine horses entered carno to tho post, but Proserpine, Kildaro, and Surplice were tho only ones that attracted much attention, and the former was tho favorite. A better raco than this turned out to be, could hardly have been seen, for Proserpine and Kildare came in so closely togethor that many people were of opinion that the mare had won, until tho judge's declaration set all doubts at rest. Proserpine was in very good condition, and ran very gamely ; but she could not afford to give Kildaro lOlbs. Surplice, who was expected to show up well in this race, came in with the ruck ; but this is not to bo wondered at when tho weight he carried is oonsidorod, and the fact that ho is more remarkable for endurance than speed. Tho next event in tho card was tho North Australian Jockey Club' Grand Handicap, for which six horses wore ontorcd. Only four of them came to tho post-Whale- bone and Forrester being drawn. Tho appearance of tho horses was eagerly scanned when they stripped in tho saddling paddocks, and Premier, who was in splendid condition, was put down as the winner. Nonsuch also looked very well ; and many who know the staying power of this game little horso felt inclined to back him. How- ever, when tho horses wero taking their preliminary canter, it seemed to be tho general opinion that the old Ipswich favorite would Und more than a match in Prcmior, and the result proved tho correctness of theso Íirognostications. Mr Boll succeeded in despatching tho ot at tho first attempt, when a promising young three year-old colt named Orlando took tho lead, but failed to keepit. Tai Tal, another of Mr Buddie's string and the one no nau elected to win with, ran protty well at first, but failed to justify the expectations that his success at Brisbane had caused some people to entertain. After tlie first milo and n-hnlf the race resolved itself into a match between Premier and Nonsuch j and, uftor a close and exciting contest, resulted in a victory for tim fnrmnr. who securod for his owner for tho second timo this valuable prize. Tho third race in tho programme was the Maiden Plate, which North Australian won as ho liked, 'lot withstanding thc penalty ho carried for winning at Brisbane. A closo and oxciting contest was expected between him and Chancellor, but when about hnlf-a-raile from homo Sam Holmes called on him to go to the front, in a few strides ho assumed the leading position, and won to tho satisfaction of every spectator present, with tho greatest case. In fact, with tho exception of the spurt ho put on when coming to tho front, ho was scarcely obliged to rxcrt himself throughout tho race. To show tho confidence that some of our sporting mon feel in tho futuro performance of Queensland's Champion, wo may mention that £1000 to 50 was taken twice over against his winning the Mclbourno Cup, Tho Queensland Welter Ruco brought out a field of five, and of tho lot that faced tho slnrter, Shamrock nnd Rearguard wero tho most fancied. This raco created considerable excitement, for after the start it was impossible to say which horse would provo successful. The actual winner was not much fancied, for a report had got about that he had been accidentally burnt tho night before, and that hs had sustained considerable injuries. Howe-ver, as tho result proved, tho injuries, if any, must luwe been of n very trivial character, for tho horse ran very well through- out. Whalebone was not expected to do much aftor tho way ho had behaved at Brisbane, and the plucky way in which ho forced the pace and kept tho lend most of the distance, agreeably surprised many. Ho would have stood abettor chance of winnirg had hisjockoy taken advantage of on opportunity bo had several times during tho race, and secured the insido running. Rearguard was in very good condition, and stood a capital chance of winning, for he was coming up fust, lind ho not run inside a post, and thus disqualified himself. Shamrock was very difficult to hold, and gave Flannory a great deal of trouble. Ho tired himself by his efforts to rush away with tho lend, and when tho moment came for him to moko his effort ho could not comply with tho call of his jockey, and lost tho raco. The Selling Stakes proved a comparatively easy victory for Creeper, for tho only horso who would havo had much of a chanco against him was dead. Appended is a detailed account of the various events. ï Tlie LADIES' PURSE of 80 sovs with a sweepstake of 3 sovs each for tho second horse, for all horses ; 1 milo and a dMnnco ; weight for age. Entrance, 4 Guineas. Hr L Flannerys br g Kildare, 4 yrs, Ost llb.Driscoll 1 W. Thompson's c m Prosenuno, G yrs, Ost 111b Cunningham 2. lt. Powell's b g Chanco, aged, Ost lllbs.Onnor 3 W. Duncan's blk g Surplice, aged, Ost 111b J. Ensdon's c g New Chum, aged Ost 111b J. Nolan's g g Groy Wallaby, 0 yrs, Ost 111b 1*. Johnston's c f Agilis, 2 yrs, Ost ll Iii T. Sowerby's b g Trinco, 5 yrs, Ost Sib B. Powell's b h Cobden, fi yrs, Ost 111b Betting : S to 1 on Proserpine, who was tho ohiof favorite. Aftor a little delay at tho post, caused by the fractious- ness of Chnneo who ehowed great disinclination to face his horses, the flag fell to an cquitabto start. Tito lot ran together for somo distanco, but on passing the Grand Stand Cobden obtained n slight lead, with Grey Wallaby and Chanco in closo attendance Tho other horses fol- lowed in a ruck a few yards behind. These positions woro maintained with but littio alteration, excupt that Grey Wallaby assumed the lead for a short time up to tho back of the course, when Prince carno up third and Chance fell back. At tho hill most of tho horses were running in company, but tho favourite and Kildare soon went to tho front. A lino ince hourn ensued bo tween tho two leading horses. - At tho turn Kildaro led by about haifa length, but comingup t'no straight tho moro drew up alongside and the pair passed tho winning post so close togcthor that until tho judgo decided that Kildare was first no one seemed to know which was tho successful horso. Chanco carno in closo behind, and all tho othors followed in a ruck a short distance in tho rear. Timo, 2 minutes, 1 second. Tlie Jîonni AUBTIIALIAN JOCKEY CLOTI GIIANU HANDICAP SWEEPSTAKES of 10 sovs each, with 200 sovs added, for all horses, to bo handicapped by tho Stewards or whoever tiley may appoint ; two miles. Tho owner of tho second horso to receive KO sovs from the prize. Entrance 10 guineas. Slr W. Iluddlo's c g Premier, aged, list Sib.Owner 1 U. Flimnory's li g Nonsuch, aged, Dst 3lb.Drlscod 2 W. Iluddlo's c g Tal Tal, nged, »st 61b.: ..M'Cubo 3 li. Thorn's g gUrlando,, 4 yrs, Sst. Distanced Betting : Ruddle declared to win w ith Tal Tal, but both Premier and Nonsuch had many supporters. As soon as tho signal was lowered, Orlando went to tho front, closely waited on by Tal Tal, who soon de- prived him of tho lead. Premier was third, slightly ahead of Nonsuch. Thoso positions wore but very little ohanged until two thirds of the courso had been traversed when Premier began to come up, and displacing Orlando, challenged Tal Tal, and passed him. Coming up tho straight for the first time, Nonsuch put on a a spurt and cums up to within u abort distance of Premier, who, however, led passed tho stand. Soon after this, Orlando bolted off tho course, and was distanced. Tho pace, which had hitherto been very moderato, now began to increase, tho two leading horses running within n few yards of each oilier, Tal Tul about fire lengths in tho rear. Thcro was a splendid race all up the straight, but tho old horse, who was cleverly ridden by Driscoll, failed to catch Premier, who landed his colors a winner by about half a length. Tal Tal was a good third. Timo, 4 min. The MAIPKN PLATE ot 10O sovs, for all malden horses, including winners af 2-ycar-old Stakes, with a sweep of 6 sovs each for the second horso ; two miles, weight for age. Entronco, 0 Guineas. non It, {'ring's b c North Australian, 3 yrs, Sst 21b.Holmes 1 M r W. Ruddie's g c Chancellor. 3 yrs, 8st 21b.Owner 2 Hon J. r. Bell's r g Seclusion, 4 yrs, Dst llb.M'Cabe 3 Mr J. M'Fadden'8 b h Spanker, aged, lOst J. Nolan's br g Harry Lorrequor, 4 yrs, Ost llb T. Sowerby"s c g 1'retot.der, 4 yrs, Ost llb Betting.-North Australian was a decided favorito and was backed against tho Held. The lot wero despatched to a splendid start, as they left the post little or no difference being observable in their positions, but as they spttlod into their places, ; Chancellor had a slight advantage of which ho was for a moment deprived .by Harry Lorrequor, who forced tho pace for a short distance. Tho favorite was third, going very easy, with Seclusion, Spanker, and Pretender bring- ing up the rear. With little or no alteration they ran thus to tho long distance post, where Chancellor still led, closely attended by tho favorite. Harry Lorrequor hero dropped away leaving Seclusion in possession of the third place. In this order they passed tho Grand Stand, soon after which tho pace was increased, and North Australian obtained the lead at the back of the course, and snaking off tho other competitors with comparativo case, he won without tho least exertion in a cantor, Chancellor about seven lengths behind, and a similar distance separating him and tho third horse, Seclusion. Time, 4 minutes, 1 second. The QUEENSLAND WELTER of 3 sovs each, with 00 sovs added, for all horses ; welter weight for age ; 3 miles ; second hoiS3 to save Ids stake. Entrance, 0 Guineas. Mr B. Powell's o g Volunteer, aged, list 41bs .rowell 1 J. Nolan's blk g Whalebone 0 years, list 41bs.O'MaUoy 2 R. Little's c g Shamrock, 0 years, list tibs .Flannery 3 H. Missing's b g Greyhound, aged, list 41bs W. Duncan's br g Rearguard, 0 years, list 41bs Betting:-Rearguard was tho chief favorito, though Shamrock had many supporters. Tho start was delayed some little time in consequence of tlie fractiousness of Volunteer, who broke away sev- eral times in his anxiety to be off, but at length the starter, taking advantage of a favorable opportunity, lowered his flag, when tho lot loft tho po«t in very fair terras. After a few strides Whalebone assumed the lead, but in spite of tho exertions of Flannery, who did his best to hold Shamrock in, his horso rushed to tho front, and took a considerable lead. Rearguard and Volunteer wero all behind, and Greyhound brought up the rear, which position he retained with praiseworthy consistency throughout the race. These positions wero maintained with little alteration past the Grand Stand tho first time and round tho course. When near tho long [distance post Rearguard and Volunteer came up. Passing the Grand Stand for tho second time, Whalebono occupying the leading position, with Shamrock, hard held, close behind ; tho others not far behind. As soon as Flan-' nery let Shamrock go ho wont to tho front, and Volun- teer came up second, and Whalebone retired in favor of Rearguard, who was steadily improving his position. Unfortunately for his owner, however, when about haifa mile from homo, ho ran inside a post and disqualified himself. All up the straight th ero was a capital race betweon Volunteer and Whalebono, who 'hod succeeded in displacing Shamrock, but tho black horso could not quito overtuko Volunteer, who won cloverly by nbout a length. Shamrock came in a moderate third, and Grey- hound fourth. The SELLIXO STAKES of 60 sovs with a sweepstake of 3 sovs each, for all horses : 1 mile and a distance, heats ; weight for ago. The winner to bo sold by auction immediately after tho ince for £100 ; if ontored for £75, allowed 71bs ; if entered for £50, al-' lowed 141bs; if entered for £25 allowed 211bs. No further, allowance made for maidens, mares, or geldings. Any surplus to go to tho Race Fund. Entrance, 5 Guineas. Mr J. M'Faddon's b h Creeper, aged Ost 7lbs .Haynes 1 1 B. Powell's b g Chance, aged, Ost "lb_. 2 3 AV. Ruddle's b g Young Stranger, aged, Sst 71b . 3 2 Betting :-Creeper wus the favourite. As soon as the dug fell Young Strangor and Chance rushed off in close company, followed by Creeper, hard held. With littlo alteration, these positions were main- tained up to tho hill, when Creeper assumed tho lead and came in tho winner of the first heat .by several lengths. Second Heat.-Directly the signal was givon_ Young Strangor went off with a slight lead, which he maintained round the coursa until close to the straight running, when ho was challenged by Creeper, and a fiueraco homo terminated in a victory for tho latter. This concludod tho first day's sport. SECOSD DAY. Thc racing wan not lu bu uuiupurua Willi lillie or [110 pro vioiiB day, for thoro wns scarcely one event closely con- tested. Tho programme bogan with the Hurdlo Race, and all tho horses entered came to tho post. This raco was soon reduced to a match between Fusileer and Bob Ridley, for the others either could not or would not take tho fences. Thoro were several spills in tho course of of tho race, but fortunately no accidents occuried, and the victory was erentually'securod by Fusileer, tho fastest horso and thc best fencor of the lot. Tho Hack Hurdle Race, which was tho next event, brought out a field of six, but, with tho exception of Baron, thoy wore good for nothing. The ont} horso that nttempted to race with Bnrou was Let-me- alone, and though ho went round tho course once, ho apparently considered that quite sufficent for ho obstinately refused, in spite of tho whip and spur, to.take tho first jump in the second heat. Threo out of tho four entered' faced the starter for tho next raco, tho St. Legor. 'North Australian was drawn, no doubt for tho purposci of reserving him for tho succeeding race. Of course. Blair Athol was at once pronounced tho winner ¡ for ho must have been in very bad condition before tho bulk of tho people present would assert that tho horso wliich hud proved so dangerous an antagonist to the renowned Fishhook could possibly bo beaten by cither nf his antagonists. Ho was still rother too fat, but in spite of tho assertion of a veteran jook, "that ho looked too pretty too .pretty to do much good," his appearance justified thc support ho received in the bet- ting circles. Chancellor looked very well, but was not much fancied, as tho wind was taken out of his sails by his moro celebrated rival. Of course, in ouch company, Gladfield, even if he is " a fine colt," was not expected to do much ; aud th ere foro tho gamo way in which ho ran created soma surpriso,* and raised him considerably in the estimation of sporting men. Some little excite- ment was caused by tho plucky way in which ho racod Chancellor for tho honor of second place. The Flying Handicap proved an easy victory for North Australian, who lias not yet been forced to exert himself to nny extent, so that his actual capabilities haro yet to bo discovered. lie is, howover, already looked upon as vory dangerous and not to bo despised oven in tho sister colonies. The expectations of most people were disarranged by Grey Wnllnby beating tho favorite Ipswich maro for second place. Kildare was expected to show up better than he did, especially as he carried less weight than on Tuesday, when he proved n winner. Only threo out of tho six entered for the Princo of Wales Stakes carno to the trysting ^post, and of these Seclusion was. considered tho. safest to invest on. Tho result proved thal publia opinion may sometimes be relied on, even on a race-course. A Hurry Scurry, which was (»ot up aftor tho day's programme had been disposed of, fell to Wanderer, a horse who distinguished himself by carrying off several races of a similar nature at thc Metropolitan Meet. Soveral private matches wero run during tho day, but do not call for particular mention. Subjoined is a detailed account of tho different events. HUKDLK HACK of fio sovs ; throe times round tho course ; o\\*er nine leans, four foot high ; woights to ho carried-2 yrs, Sst 121b : 3 yrs, 7st 21bs ; 4 yrs, Ost 21bs ; 6 yrs, lost ¡ 0 yrs and aged, lO.st 41bs. Entrance, 4 guineas. Hon. lt. I'rlng's (ns) g g Fusileer, aged, lOit 41bs. .i.Gleeson 1 Mr B. Powell's g g Hob Ridley, 5 yrs, lOst.M'Cabo 2 J. Nolan's b g Tall Boy, 1 j ri. »st 21bs. dis. T. Sowerby'* blk g Hamilton, aged, lOst libs. dis. H. Missing's br g Barrister, 5 yrs, lOst. dis. There was little or no betting for this race. Tho lot wero despatched to u very fair start, and Hamil- ton was tho first to show in front. Burristcr, who was ridden by a blnck boy, pushed him hnrdjup to tho first bur und cleared it first. Hamilton, Fusileer, and Bob Ridley followed in good style, but Tall Boy refused the leap, and lost al! chanco of the raco. At tho second jump nil tho horses buulked, with thc exception of Fusileer, who took tho leap splendidly, and secured u strong lead. After soveral attempts tho other horses followed, but on passing tho Grand Stand for thc first timo round, Fusileer was sonic distance in front, with Bob Ridley second. It hore became evident that tho raco was virtually a match between tho above-mentioned horses, for all thu others either buulked tho leaps, or blundered to Bitch au extent as so deprive them of tho ghost of a chance, and wero eventually all distanced. There was a very close raco between the two greys, und at ono time it seemed very probablo that old Bob Ridley would provo the winner, for Fusileer fell at tho last jump tho second timo round, and throw his jockey, who, however, was quickly up aud again, aftargtho groy, who had obtainod a strong load. After a sharp Btruggla Fusileer regained his former position at tho hill, and led tho way past the winning-post about a dozen lengths in advauco of his antagonist. HACK HU'IIDLK RACE of 25 sovs, for nil untrained horses ; weights samaos foregoing; mlle heats; ovor threo leaps, 3ft Oin. Post entrance, 2 guineas. Mr .1. Fletcher's b g Bacon, aged.-.Fletcher 1 1 M'AnaU/s ch g Lct-nio-oieno, iyrí.,..Owner 2 dis Tho following also started, but were all distanced. Mr Thorn's Black lîagle, Mr Print's Stranger, Mr Uar pur's Qucousbury, and Mr King's Tinker. There waa no favorite for thia race ¡ for as most of tho horses woro compnrntivolv spenki g unknown, noone at- tempted to prophecy the result of the race. First Heat.-The signal was lowered to an equitable start, tho whole of the horses getting away on pretty fair terms. It, however, soon became apparent that Baron was to be tho winner, and so anxious was he to force tho running that his jockey had hard work to hold him in. He cleared every jump at tho first attempt, and won as ho liked. Let-me-alone secured second position after twice displacing her rider. Tho other horses proved to be wretched fencers, and refused almost every leap. Thoy were all on tho wrong sido of the distance post when Baron caught the judgo's eye. Second Heat.-Only two horses, Baron and Let-met alone, faced tho start for this heat. Tho former took his jumps in capital style, and leaving his antagonist under- going summery punishment at tho hands of his jockey for obstinately rofusing the first hurdle, cantered over tho course at his leisure. A private match betwoon Mr H. Thorn's b m Little Dorrit, and Mr Munroe's g g Barney, came off in the interval between this and tho next raeö. Tho mare, who had been brought in from the bush, forced the paco for the first half mile, but at tho back of the courso, when passed by Barney, could not respond to the call of her jockey, and in spite of a vigorous application, followed tho other horse past tho winning post. The Nonin AUSTRAXIAN Sr. LEOER ot 75 sovs, with a sweepstake of 5 sovs each added, for all three-year-olds. Colts, Sst 71bs ; Flllios, Sst libs ; no gelding allowance. Half forfeit if declared by tho nth of May. li mile. Second horse to receive 20 sovs from tho prize. Entrance 5 Guineas. Mr Ross's br o Blair Athol, 3 years, Sst 71bs.Kean 1 W. Ruddie's g o Chancellor, 3 years, Sst 71bs.Owner 2 L. Flannery's c c Gladfield, 3 years, fist 71bs .Ch liney 3 Betting : Blair Athol was a decided favorite, and was backed at odds against tho field. Immediately the flag was lowered, tho threo left tho post in closo company, but, after a fewstridos, Chancellor took the lead, closely wiitjd on by the favorito. These positions woro retained with little alteration for a con- siderable distance, but at the back of tho course " that fine colt" Gladfield, put on a spurt,' and assumed the lead for a short timo ; but at the hill he retired in favor of Blair Athol. Near the long distnnco post Chancellor made his effort, but his paco was not sufficiently good to enable him to como to tho front, for tho favorite, when his jock let him go, increased his load with tho greatest ease, and won without difficulty, with hands down. A capital race for second place ensued between Chancellor and Gladfield, which resulted in favor of the former. The Fi,VINO HANDICAP of 5 sovs. each, with 76 sovs. added, for all horses, to be handicapped by tho Stewards or whom they may appoint; ono mlle. Tho second horse to save his stake. Hon R. l'rlng's b c North Australian, 3 yrs, 7st llb-Bennett 1 Mr J. Nolan's g g Grey "Wallaby, aged, 8st Sib. .Winterbottom 2 W. Thompson's c m Proserpine, 0 yrs, Sst.Tyrell 3 L. Flannery's br g Kildare, 4 yrs, Sst 21b T. T. Soworby's b g Prince, 5rs, 7st Olbs North Australian was backed at three to ono against the field. After a short delay, a capital start was effected, and Kildare in a few strides deprived Grey Wallaby of a slight advantago ho had obtained. The favourite occupied the third position, hard held. After a few hundred yurds had been traversed tho favorite was allowed to come up, and it became evident that the race was virtually over, for although the others did their best, none of thom could catch him, and he went post tho winning post in tho commonest of canters. A fine struggle for second placo terminated in favour of tho grey horse, who defeated tho maro by about haifa longth. Time, 1 minutes 55 seconds. A private match between Mr F. Coulston's Colonel and Mr Digby's Shakespeare, for So for two miles, each carrying list 4lbs, was won easily by tho former. Another match for £5, between Mr Prior's Araby and Mr Coul- ston's Traveller, for half a mile, was won by tho first named horse. Mr M'Gill's Prospect ulao defeated a horse of Mr Pack's, and won the prize, viz., £5, for his owner. Tho l'BixcE OF WALES STAKE* of fiO sovs, with a sweepstake of 3 sovs oach for tho second horse ; for all horses ; tho winner of tho Maiden l'lato excluded ; milo heats. Weights to be carried ;-2 yrs, Ost 121bs ; 3 yrs, 7st 21bs ; 4 yrs, Ost 21bs; 5 yrs, lOst; 0 yrs and aged, lOst 41bs.. Entrance, 5 guineas. Hon. J. 1". Boll's r g Seclusion, 4 yrs, Ost 211) .Powell 1 1 lt. Lillie's c g Shamrock, 0 yrs, lOst 411).Flannery 2 2 II. Thorn's g g Orlaudo, 4 yrs. Oit 21bs.Cunningham dis. Seclusion mid Shoinrock wera tho favorites, but tho former was, if anything, tho most fancied. As soon as tho signal was given, tho three left tho post on very equal forms. Orlando was tho first to show in front, and forced tho paco for a short time, but ho bolted off tho courso and was distanced. The roan horso filled the vacant plnco, nnd though nt times hard pressed by tho chestnut, especially at tho back of tho course, ho managed to KUCH U." I»"J; and alter a sharp contest- up the straight, won tho first heat with comparative oaso by a length. The second heat was reduced to a match between Sham- rock mid Seclusion. Tho hitter got tho best of the start, was never collared, and won easily by a length. A Hurry Scurry wus afterwards got up. Seven horses started, but Mr M'Fadden's Wonderful proved the winnor ¡ Littio Dorrit a good second. This concluded tho second day's sport. The settling on the races is nrranged to lake place at the North Star Hotel, on Saturday, af 12 o'clock. Tunis DAY. Tho ball was opened ut 12 o'clock by tho Corinthian Stakes, for which six horses wore entered, fivo of whom carno to tho post. Seclusion mid Shamrock wera the fovorites, but tho roan colt was tho most fancied. Tho lot were despatched to a splendid sturt by Mr Cardew, who officiated as starter for this race, and Jibboom soon led tho van. Front tho appearance of tho horse in the saddling paddock, ho was put down as a scrubber, and consequently tho riders of tho othor horsos, thinking they would have no difficulty in overhauling him aftor ha hud had his gallop, allowed him to assuma a strong lead, which ho managed to keep throughout tho raco. Seclu- sion, who carno in two lengths behind tho winner, was forced to contont himself with second money. Shamrock appoorod to bo in fine condition, but his trainer asserts that ho is too fat inside. Thoro must bo something wrong with him, for he has not onco throughout the meet answered the expectations of thoso who supported him. Tho next ovent on tho cards, tho North Australian Plato, was a gift to Nonsuch, and ovory ono appeared pleased nt tho success of Flannery, who has dono far better at Ipswich than ho did at Brisbane. The raco may bo doscribod in a fow words. Nonsuch wont to tho front as soon ns tho ting was lowered, was never caught, and won prat ty woll as ho likod. If o was not pushed throughout the race, except when coming up the hill for tho third timo, when tho maro "tried very hard to got in front. Soon after passing the stand for tho second timo, Proserpine attempted to secure tho iusido running, but waa cleverly " blocked " by Driscoll, who rodo tho favor- ite, and who has ovidently not served his apprenticeship on the turf without " knowing a thing or two." There was a very closo struggle up tho straight between Volun- teer and Proserpine for second pince, and tho former soemod likely to win, but when within a stride from home, tho mare jumped to the front and sccurod for her ownor somo little compensation. Only three horses started for tho Hack Stakes, which were secured by Wonderful. Through a mistake of his jockey, who fancied that if ho passed tho long distance post ho was safe, Barney, who was looked upon ns likely tu win, was distanced. Jack Hinton inn very well, but the other horse hud tho best of him. When tho timo had arrived for tho decision of tho fourth race- tho Queensland Handicap-only three horses out of tho four horses entered, fuced tho starter, ns Premier mid Bcdecna woro drawn. Neither Forrester or Orlando hud tho ghost of a chanco against Mr Pring'« splendid colt, who again proved that few if uny of the othor horses in the colony could either equal or excel him. Tho old horso was cloverly ridden by Driscoll, who evidently mado tho most of him ; but, though ho mn very gamely, tho colt wai moro than a match for him. He, howovcr, obtuinod tho second prizo-a sweepstakes of seven sovs from each horse for Iiis owner. Tho Consolation Handicap, for all horses beaten during tho meeting, brought out a field of three, and of these Chancellor was at onco pronounced tho winner, for noither Chance nor Grey Wallaby, though aged horses, could give him weight. Allowing tho othor horses to lead round tho course, Buddie kept tho favorite well in hand until ho reached tho hil!, when a suddon rush carried him to tho front, after which tho raco was his own. Tho lost event on tho card, waa the Forced Handicap, for all winners during the meeting, but when tho weights wcro declared, only four horses accepted. Premier was tho favorite, although ho carried top weight, and tho result of tho raco showed that his backers' confidence was not misplaced, A Hurry Scurry, which was won by Mr Duncan's Oushbox, who wus ridden by Davis, tho jockey, whoso collar blade was brokon ot tho Metropolitan meet, brought tho day's sports to an end, and concluded tho annual meet. Subjoined is a detailed account of tho running : Tiie ConiNTiiiAK STAKES of CO sovs, with n sweepstake of 3 sovs cacti for tile' second horse ; for nil horses which have not won np to the timo of starting, a prizo af tho value of 100 sovs ; 2 miles : carrying welter weight for ago. To bo ridden hy members of any of tho Joekoy or Turf Clubs in tho colony of Queensland. Entrance, fi-Guincas. - « ^ Mr A. Nicoli's e g Jllibóuli;.'SSftMst 41lis.Mr Smythe 1 Hon, J. P Boll's r g SelusionTrSSfaost 21bs.Mr l'ersso 2 J. Nolnn's blk g Whalebone, 0 yrs, list 41b.Mr Wilson 3 lt. Little's c g Shamrock, 0 vrs, list libs.Mr Bowman o II. Missing's b B" Greyhound, uged, list libs.Owner n Betting.-Seclusion waa tho favorito; 3 to 1 against Shamrock ; G to -1 against Jibboom. A splendid start was effectod without nny difficulty, but after a fow strides tho lot scattered, Jibboom going to tho front, having for his immodinto nt tendants Seclus- ion nml Greyhound, Shamrock brought up tho reur hard held. Jibboom forced the paco all round tho course, und obtained a strong lead, which lie kept without much difficulty. At tho book of tho course, Greyhound de- prived tho favorite of tho seeoud position, and at the hill Seclusion fell still farther behind. Tho grand stand was passed in the following order- Jibboom leading nt a slashing pace, Greyhound second, and Seclusion, third, Whalebono and Shamrock bohind, but coming up fast. Tho pace now became vory hot, for tho ridors had seen / the mistake they mado in allowing Jibboom to tako snell r n strong lead, and they endeavoured to collar him, but tho old horse showed that he could hold his own, and though tho favourite inndo a desperate effort to justify the expectations his appearance and previous racing had caused, he could not quite catch tho leading horse, who won easily by n couple of lengths. Coming up tho hill for tho second time, Groyhour.d showed signs of distress, and after a short timo disappeared in the rear, and made way for Whalebono and Shamrock, who had a sharp raco np tho straight for the barren honor of third place, which tho former managed to secure Tho XortTii AUSTRALIAN PLATE of 150 sovs, with a sweepstake of , 5 sovs each aihloil ; for oil horses ! BOconil horso to recolvo 20 sovs from tho prizo ; 3 miles ; weight for ago. Entranco, 7£ Guineas. Tho winner to ho sohl for £250 if demanded within fifteen minutes nftcr the race. Mr T.. Flannery's b g Nonsuch, aged, Ost 111b.Driscoll 1 W. Thompson's c m Proserpine, 0 yrs, Ost 111b... .Dowling 2 B. Powell's c g Volunteer, aged, Ost lilli. 3 Batting: Nonsuch was buckod ngainst tho field. When tho signal was given tho lot started off in tho easiest of canters, but, after a fow strides tho favorite assumed tho lead, which ho increased at his leisure until about a dozen lengths separated bira from Proserpine, who was second, Tho horses ran in this order round tho course, but on coming up the hill for tho second timo, tho maro and Volunteer Rained on tho favorite, and the lot passed tho stand pretty well together, Non- such lending by nbout a longth and a-holf, Prosorpino second, and Volunteor third. The third milo was tra- versed nt a good pace, but though both horses did their best to overhaul tho favorite, neithor succeeded in com- ing alongside him, and ho passed tho winning post a length and a-half ahead. There was a close roco up the straight for second money between Volunteer and Proserpine, but nt tho last strido tho Ipswich chestnut elererly shot n head, mid won second place by hulf a length. Timo 6 min 36 sec. Tho winner was not claimed within tho stipulated time. The HACK STAKES of 25 sovs, for all untrained horses with a sweepstake of 2 sovs each for tho second horse ; milo heats weight for ago. Tho winner to bo sold by auction immediately after tho raco for £30 ; any surplus to go to tho Bace Fund. Post Entrance, 21 Guineas. Mr McFadden's h g Wonderful, aged.Powell 1 1 J. P. Jost's g g Jack Hinton, aged .Tyrell 2 2 W. Ruddle's c g Barney, aged.McCabe dis. 0 Mr L. Ifhmnery's blk g Centipedo was entered, but as it seemed likely ho would bo protested against, ho was drawn. Thoro was not much betting on this race, but if any- thing Barney was the most fancied. After ono falso attempt, tho trio wero sont away on pretty fair terms. Jack Hinton was tho first to show in front, and he cut out the running at a good pace. Won- derful was a good second, but Barney was right behind and appeared to bo reserving himself for the next heat. At tho hill tho bay horso carno up and deprived tho groy of tho lead, and after a sharp struggle landed his colors a longth in adranco of Jack Hinton. Barney was dis- tanced. Second Heat.-Wonderful was tho favorite. Jack ninton was tho first away, and kept the lead all round tho course up to tho hill ; when there, however, tho bay horse put on a spurt and carno to tho front, which posi- tion ho kept past tho winning post. Tho winner was put up for salo immediately after tho race, but was bought in at the upset prico-viz., £30. Tho QUEENSLAND HANDICAI- SWEEPSTAKES of 7 sov3 each, with 150 sovs added ; for all horses ; to lie handicapped by tho Stewards or whom thoy may nppoint; 1J milo. Tho owner of tho second horso to rcceivo 25 sovs from tho prize. Hon. R. Pring's b c Xorth Australian, 3 yrs, 7st.Bennett 1 Mr J. 1'. Jost's g g Forrester, aged, Ost llb.Driscoll 2 H. Thorn's g g Orlando, 4 yrs, Sst 21bs. Tyrell dis. Betting.-North Australian was backed at adds ngst tho field. Immediately tho starter lowered tho flag, Orlando rushed to tho front, and kept tho load for a short time, closely waited on by tho favorito. North Australian passed tho grand stand about n head in advance of Orlando, but in|avcry fewslridestook a'clenrlead. Tho old grey carno up at tho first qunrter-milo post, and, displacing his youthful antagonist, secured tho second placo. Ho llíci» ilrow up to within u lcngtli or tho favorite, nml put him on his metal for about n quarter of a mile, but on coming up tho hill it been mo evident, that in spito of the exertions of Driscoll, who mado tho most of his horse, Forrr-stor had no chance against tho champion, who increased his lead up the straight, and won as ho liked. Orlando, who for once did not bolt off the course, was distanced by way of a change. Tho CONSOLATION HANDICAP of 25 sovs, for all horses beaten during tho mooting ; to bo handicapped by tho Stewards or whom they may appoint ; 1 mlle, ono event. Post Entrance, 2} Guineas. Mr W. Huddle's g c Chancellor, 3 yrs. Sst "lb.Owner 1 P. Powell's b g Chance, aged, 8st 121b.Tyrrell 2 J. Nolan's g g Groy Wallaby, aged, 8st 121b. 3 Betting : Chancellor was backed against tho field. Chancellor went to the front immediately tho flag fell, and mndo play at a strong pace, followed by Grey Wallaby, who assumed tho lead at tho back of tho course. As they neared tho hill, the favorite who lind been from tho start considerably in tho rear, improved his position, and nt tho top of tho riso challenged tho leading horso, and after a fow strides tho gray fell behind. Tho raco for tho first placa was thon virtually decided, for Chancellor came in an easy winner by a length. A closo struggle for second placo resulted in tho bay horse landing his colors about two lengths in advance of Groy Wallaby, Tho FoncED HANDICAP of 5 sovs each, with 20 sovs added ; for nil winners during tlie mooting ; winners of tlie Hack and Consola- tion Handicap optional ; losers admitted on payment of the Sweep. To bo handicapped by tho Stewards or any person they may appoint. 1 mile and a distance. Tho winner to pay 10 guineas to tho Raco Fund ; second horso to save lils stake. Mr W. Ruddie's o g Premier, aged, lOst lOlbs .(M'Cabe) 1 J. P. Jost's g g Forester, aged, Sst Tibs |.(Cavo) 2 W. Duncan's br g Rearguard, 0 yrs, Sst 71bs .(Tyrrel) 3 J. M'Fadden's b h Creeper, aged, Sst Tho following horses did not sturt :-North Australian, Ost j Volunteer, 8st 5lbs ; Blair Athol, 8st 51bs ; Jib boom, 8st ; Nonsuch, 8st 51bs. Kildare, Fusileer, and Seclusion were not handicapped, as their owners did not intend thom to run. Betting-2 to 1 against Forrester; 5 to 4 against Rearguard ; even on Premier. Tho starter was successful in despatching tho quartette at tho first attempt tonn excellent Btart, and they kept well together for somo distance, but on passing tho grand stand Rearguard held n slight load, Forester and Creeper second, and Premier Inst. These positions were not much varied until tho back of tho courso was reached, when Premier disputed tho supromaoy of the brown horse and deprived him of tho lead. Coming up tho hill Premier gained on his horses, and passed them by a Budden rush, which enabled him to secure tho judge's decision in his favour. Forester carno in about|n length and a half behind tho winning horse, and a similar distanco separated him from Rearguard, Creeper was'fourth. A Hr/JtRY; SoTTBUT, for which sir horses ntnrtod, was won by Mr Duncan's Cashbox, Littio Dorrit second. This conoluded tho annual meet of tho North Aus- tralian Jockey Club. Tho Darling Downs Gazette says tho entries* and weights for tho two handicaps at tho Darling Downs Annual Knees, wore declared last evening at tho White Horse Hotel, with tho following result:-Toowoomba Cup: Mr H. Munroo's c g Tal Tal, ngod, 9st: Mr L. Flannery's b g Nonsuch, ngod, 8st 121b ; Mr J. M'Fnd- den's bl li Whalebone, G yrs, 8stj J. F. O'Donohoo's b g Coorinnin, aged, 8st ; Darling Downs Handicap Sweepstakes : Mr \V. Ruddle's o g Promior, aged, 9st ; Mr J. F. O'Donohoo's b g Cooramin, ngod, 7st 101b ; Mr W. Ruddle's g o Chancellor, 3 yrs, 7st 41b. It will bo scon that tho entries for these races aro but small considering tho handsome prizes for ench, but BO many horses have broken down this season during their train- ing that it was perhaps impossible to expect moro, ns owners uro unable, owing to tho times, to ontor second class horses on speculation to competo with thoso horses which hare carried ofT tho principal prizes at Brisbane, and uro no doubt fittor than any in the colony, from thu advantage they huvo hud, in a good training ground and a cool climate. 