TOPICS OF THE DAY. The following cases are set down for trial at the Supreme Court this day:—Buck v. Thomas, Coppin v. Solomon, Wright v. Har- <*> rison, Kelly v. Fuller. Last session a vote was made in aid of j Suburban and Country Institutes, whose in cotres amounted to not less than £20, and Sec retaries of such Institutes are requested to send in their claims to the Secretary of the Central Institute prior to June 14. Thursday's Gazette proclaims the Orphan Home an Industrial School for female children, under the Destitute Persons Belief Act of 1866-7. It contains also a proclamation of "The Road District of Tort Augusta;" also a, proclamation d in the District of Belvidere. We are requested to draw attention to an advertisement in another column, stating that a football match will be played on the North Park Lands, on Saturday afternoon next, between the Adelaide Club and the 14th Regi ment, 20 men a-side. His Excellency the Go vernor has, we believe, intimated his intention of being present, and a very interesting and exciting came is anticipated. Mibb Aitken again performed at White's Booms on Thursday night to a large audience. The chair was taken by the Rev. Mr. Harcus. The programme contained little that was new to an Adelaide audience, but the pleasing manner in which the lady performed her part rendered everything new. In answer to encores of the charge of "The Light Brigade*' and " Lochinvar" she substituted "The Wonneifu' Wean" and "The Scottish Cavalier.'1 Mr. R. B. White presided at the piano with his usual skill As to-day will be her last appearance in Adelaide we strongly advise all to go and hear her. On Wednesday evening, May 8, the in cumbent of St. Luke's (the Bey. J. Pollitt) en tertained the past and present officers of his church at a supper at the parsonage, Sturt street The rev. gentleman, in responding to the toast of the host and hostess, gave a brief account of the difficulties they had to contend with in erecting the iron church, but he was happy to aay they had all been surmounted, and the pro gress of the church during the past year was very satisfactory. What with music, recitations, and good speeches, a veiy pleasant and instruc tive evening was passed. The Gazette contains the following ap- pointments : — William Gosse, Esq. J P M.R C S, and Arthur Hardy, Esq., J.P., (re appointed) as members of the Board of Educa tion ; Messrs. M. Moot-house, J. Nickolls C Hackett, A. D. Tassie, and R. A. Fiveash as members of the Local Board of Alain Roads for the district of Port Augusta; and Robert Robertson as medical officer for the district of Echunga. Also the following promotions in the Volunteer Force:—No. 4, Troop of Cavalry- Trooper S. R. Shillabeer to be Sergeant, and Troopers John Cook and Peter Cook to be Cor porals, dated May 8,1867. Mr. and Mrs. Case gave their very niyinging entertainment, ** The Lost Party," in the Temperance Hall, North Adelaide, on Thursday evening. May 9. The attendance was numerous, and the audience evinced their appreciation of the acting, singing, and instru mentation of the talented artiste* by hearty rounds of applause. There was a very large attendance at the Victoria Theatre on Thursday evening. The entertainment was under the patronage and presence of Major Vivian and the officers of the 14th Regiment. Shakspeare's tragedy of " Hamlet," commenced the performances. Mr. Joseph Rayner appeared as Hamlet, and sus tained the character remarkably welL His delivery was very distinct, his action good, and he was frequently loudly applauded by an appreciative audience. Mr. O'Brien made a very good ghost, Mr. Andrews was passable as Claudius, the King, and Miss Arnot made a very good Horatio, and Mr. Charles Young made the most of his part as First Grave Digger. Mrs. Jackson took the part of Ophelia, very well indeed, and in the mad scene she was very good. The other principal character was the Queen, which was alloted to Mrs. Ray, and which was performed by her very well indeed. The minor characters were also fairly taken, with one or two exceptions where the prompter's voice was heard rather too often. On the whole, however, the piece was a success, and at the fall of the curtain on the last act Mr. Rayner was honored with a loud call before the curtain. A laughable ballet " Mad as a March Hare," which introduced some excellent dancing by Miss Woods and Mr. Edouin con cluded the entertainment. To-night the same pieces will be repeated, and Mr. W. Hoskins, of the London and Melbourne theatres, and Mdlle. St. Denis will make their first appearance on Monday evening. It is true that the members comprising the Port Adelaide Artillery Force were tardy in enrolling, for they felt that in common with the Volunteer Force, they had been treated on the occasion before the general disbanding with anything but liberality by the Government. Having once become volunteers, they seemed determined to do their duty by attending their drill regularly. Perhaps the fact of having so efficient a drill-instructor as Sergeant-Major McBride, R.A., may have a great deal to do with it. Yesterday about 40 members of the No. 2 Battery, proceeded to the Semaphore Beach for target practice with shot and shell. The guns consisted of two six-pounders and one 12-pounder howitzer, with ammunition for one | round of shot and shell to each man. Captain Quin took charge of the battery, and Sergeant- Major McBride, R.A., conducted the firing. Colonel Biggs was present during a portion of the proceedings. A detachment of No. 1 Battery from Adelaide, under the charge of Corporal Fiveash, also practised at the target. From some delay or other in the forwarding of the ammunition from Adelaide, the guns did not leave the Port until half-past 11. On the way to the beach some evolutions were performed creditably. The target was moored to seaward nearly 700 yards. On arriving on the ground firing immediately commenced, each man taking it in turn with round shot. The carriage of the howitzer went to grief after 17 rounds had been discharged, owing to the trail breaking close to the breech. The firing was considered good, as witnessed from the state of the target, which was con siderably shattered. Credit is due to the mem bers, for the majority had seldom fired before. Colonel Biggs was much pleased with the firing generally. About 4 o'clock the guns were lim bered up, and the corps proceeded to the Port, Sergeant McBride taking advantage of an open space on the way to practise them in several evolutions, which were well performed. They arrived at the Port at 6 o'clock, and the guns were then forwarded by railway to Adelaide. A deputation from Greenock township, consisting of Messrs. Alfred Palmer, SchoS, Boesler, Minck, Casey, Gottwald, Schache, Hertz, and Iverson, accompanied by Mr. Bevilaqua, of Lynfoch Valley, waited upon the Government on Thursday morning, with refer ence to police protection being extended to the township of Greenock. The deputation first waited upon the Attorney-General, being intro duced by Mr. P. B. Cogbn, M.P., with a view to obtain that gentleman's concurrence in the application which was about to be made to the Chief Secretary. The Attorney-General pro mised to use what influence he had to support the prayers of the memorialists, having ascer tained by enquiry of the deputation that the number of inhabitants and the increasing business of the township justified the exten sion of police protection to it. He then referred the deputation to the Chief Sec retary who received them in a very affable and courteous manner. Mr. Alfred Palmer, the Chairman of the Committee en gaged in the movement, read and presented a memorial, which setforth the wantsof Greenock. Mr. Casey pointed out in support of the me morial that the fact of Mr. J. T. Bagot having moved in the House of Assembly some years ago for police protection at Greenock, showed that such protection if required then was more necessary now with an enlarged population and business. The Chief Secretary thought there would be no difficulty in granting police protec tion to Greenock, provided that it did not interfere with arrangements made in other parts of the colony. The securing, however, of a Court-House there would to some extent depend upon the ultimate action of the members for the district in asking the House for a vote for the purpose. He promised to obtain a report on the subject from the Commissioner of Police. Mr. Palmer having thanked the Chief Secretary, the deputation then withdrew. On Wednesday evening, May 8, a fane well supper was given at the Hotel Europe to Mr. FL L. Vosz, J.P., by his German friends, previous to his leaving the colony for Germany for the purpose of undergoing an operation to recover his failing sight. Host Jureit provided an ample repast, of which about 100 persons partook. The chair was occupied by Dr. Bayer, who was supported by Dr. Schom burgk and Mr. O. Gerke. Dr. Lacroix offi ciated as Vice-Chairman, being supported by Mr. Treuer (Consul for Prussia), and Mr. Amsberg (Consul for Hamburg). The room was very tastefully decorated for the occasion, After the toasts of "His Excellency the Governor" and " Her Majesty and the Royal Family" had been duly honored, the Vice- Chairman proposed "The Health of Mr. FL L. Vosz, J.P." inappropriate terms. He re marked that Mr. Vosz had, like most of them, arrived in the colony with limited means, but he had by industry and uprightness gained a position for himself in the colony. He had served them as a councillor, had had the distinction of Justice of Peace conferred upon him, and had likewise gained the respect and esteem of both his Gennan'and English colonists. Unfortunately however, just as worldly honors were being showered upon him, failing eyesight compelled him to visit Germany to obtain relief, and they had met there that evening to show their appreciation of him. The toast was received with much cheering, and Mr. Vosz responded in brief and feeling terms. He expressed him self wholly overcome by the reception he had met with, as he had not expected to see so many persons together that evening, and re marked that while he had been in the colony he had always endeavored, by honest and up right dealing, to gain the esteem of all who were acquainted with him. He hoped that he should not be long away, but that in nine or twelve months he should return to his adopted country. (Cheers.) Mr. Bartels proposed " The Health of Mrs. Vosz." in humo rous terms, which was also duly honored. The meeting then assumed a convivial character and music, both vocal and instrumental, was indnlged in, harmony and mirth prevailing nntQ a late hour, when the party broke up. We understand that Mr. Vosz sails for Germany on Tuesday next. We have our special reporter's account of the first day's Gawler Races, but the demands of the y.«gn«ti mail upon our space this morning compels us to hold it over. The events of the day were as follows :— MAIDENS. Hon. J. Baker's br.t Flying Fish, 3yrs., 9 st. (Williams) 1 Mr. O. Adcock's b.g. Bolero, 3 yrs., 9 st. (Nunn) 2 Mi. W. G. Morris's b.g. Happy Jack, aged, 10st41b.(Shugg) 3 Mr. J. Lamb's b.g. Sampson, aged, 10 st, 4 lbs. (Stevens) 4 TOWN PLATE. « Mr. E. M. Bagot's g.f. Cowra, 4 yrs., 8 st. 10 lbs. (HOI) 1 Hon. J. Baker's br.f. Medora, 3 yrs., 5 st. 101bs.(Rowe) 2 Mr. J. Scott's br.g. Stag, 5 yrs., 8 st. 10 lbs. (Tothill) 3 Mr. T. Ryan's b.g. Cupbearer, aged, 8 st. 7 lbs. (Stevens) 4 SHOUTS. Mr. W. G. Morris's br.g. Darkie, 4 yrs., 9 st. 12 lbs. (Shugg) 0 11 Mr. O. Adcock's b.g. Lottery, 3 yrs., 9 st. 6 lbs. (Nunn) 12 2 Hon. J.Baker's br.f. Flying Fish, 3yrs., 9 st. 6 lbs. (Williams) 2 0 Mr. J. Harvey's eg. Childers, 4 yrs., 9 st. 12 lbs. (Harvey, jun.) 0 0 HACKS. All carrying 8 stone. Mr. Bradley'sb.in. little Nell 1 1 Mr. Morris's blk.m. Nanny Goat 2 2 Mr. Burgess's b.g. Stockwell ... * ... 3 The races for to-day are— SELLING STAKES. Mr. J. Scott's b.m. Alice, 5 yrs. Mr. Adcock's Bolero, 3 yrs. Mr. Harvey's eg. Childers, 4 yrs. All at £30. GAWLEB AND WTLLASTON HANDICAP. Mr. J. Lamb's eg. Cedric, aged, 8 st. 7 lbs. Mr. O. Adcock's b.h. Crusader, 3 yrs., 7 st. 6 lbs. Mr. J. Scott's br.g. Stag, 5 yrs., 8 sLl2lba. Hon. J. Baker's br.f. Medora, 3 yrs., 5 st. 12 lbs. Mr. W. G. Morris's br.g. Darkie, 4 yrs., 6 st. 10 lbs. Mr. T. Ryan's b.g. Cupbearer, agad,Bst. Blbs. Mr. E. 1L Bagot's g.m. Cowra, 4 yrs., 8 st. HUBBTSKUBRT. 