Town Talk and Table Chat, By the steamer ' Samson' we hi been put in possession of one day's ],u news from Melbourne. We are indota to Captain Dobson for an 'Argua' of tin date, Irom which we make ihe follomn extracts : -The 'Argua' says— That tli guns purchased by Mr. Vcrdon, a, alluded to by Sir John Pakington n aorau obtained In- M.ii,.r i-Oci«,, .,.-..' m Verdun s return to the colony. They™ got from tho Ifcitisb Uovernmoat at 1 mere nominal cost for tbe trainin' sliii and are not those 011 which tho color will mainly depend for its defence. The are, however, very formidable weapon heinj; the ordinary sixty-eight pounders rifled with steel tubes, upon Major M hssei s principle, which has been adopts by ruo3t of the European powers, Itwj considered butter to get these guns tliai the common sixty-cigbte, espuciallj t the differouTO in cast ia comparative! tritiiiig, and they uro far superior, iti last much longer, and will do infinite nioro execution.— The second rcadine 1 the I'ayinciit of Members' Bill was cirria on Tuesday night, in a House consist ot only twenty-eight members, jusi srf cient to form a quorum. A division m Risen on the question, whou there an peared for the bill 1C, against it 4 Jh measure was committed pro jormi am leave obtained to sit again next day -Hi telegram 0.1 Tuesday from Sydney, I learn that the Onward, from Melboum reports sneakin? .in immi,,,,»i ,.i..-.. ., Htioaoiido, wanting water. Tho Onvw offered to put a supply on board in smootl water round the Promontory. The strana ship then struck ihe Onward ainidshia doing great damage. Mr M'Ke.izie, ol \ictona has obtained tho contract fa tbe further extension of ihe Western Rafl way. Ureadstuffu am firmer. The fres bjteruui College Hill has passed tb Assembly. At Brisbane a protest te boen lodged againat the city election, on tlio ground of informality by the Be. uming Officer. Tho 'Argus' reports the following Sad Accident ™ Hob. sons Biv. ElGnr Mlw DBmvK1[a_ Information was received in town lato yesterday, of tho occurrence d a serious loss of life in Port Phillip Riy under peculiar circumstances It r „ pears that a fight had been on the 1 1 betWeell tWO Woll.trnnnn !..,-:.._ '? Alt- Al'Laren, of Ballarat. and Z (Jarstairs , of Melbourne. To ? OJ1 the interference of tho police, ' ™Z arranged that tho fight sho-jij & place ou Mud Island, in P Jrt PhTll Bay, aud yesterday morning, ^3 the steam-tugs Uesoluta ™i° M tUeTr frf^H C°nVCy $% ^taStaS their friends, proceeded down the bav A strong northerly winO. had bee,i b loJ ug all night and la 'nigh sea rolled i. upon the uiMd. The tugs were unable to get close enough to land the men, nod f f 1 — '?'?''=« uiaae ior uie east end Sn, \f°ath cuauile1' inder Arthur'* wun f ?uSeRl however. was running so high, that the steamers anchored about a quarter of a mile from the shore. T!i- boats put off with a number of ths abettors of the matoh, to put up the through three-quarters of a mile of surf, and they had not yroceflded far befo-.e tw, of the boats wera capsized, and f.aa met left struggling, hopelessly iu the watci It was impossible to rescue them all, an it is stated that eight bodies were seoi washed ashore by tha mounted nolicc, ^o had boen sent U, the scene to pro ? vent tho fight taking place. Among tli 1 bodies, we believe, those of Brarastoi ^ and two brothers Cheshire (fi,li dealers) , James Newman (inspector of the fislr market), Grcorgo Juliea m& Henry Wil liams (bandridgo, watermen), had beeu recoffniHed. Atinfitmt »*«« »„-„ ? :,,~j «D tuat of a young man who was employed as clerk 111 a pa-.vubroker's shop in Carl ?- ton. loo precise number of the drowned menbasnot been ascertained, but it ic, known that there were at least eight. Tli 1. Ugut of course did not tike plar /,. r.m°ngst 'ho few who were rescued v ras Mr George Strike, of the Butchers1 A' us Hiir.nl wit.* «*_.. J ? , ... v/r , ' ™'™ ''»«vn asuore witu e rc.it beach y °'° °f a 1-arty itOm tk TnEM is a curious on dit about. It is that a certain man of the law lat eU in traduced an officer of tho 14th ltr riincnt into several famiUes in tho dif ,trict of l lttwater, m the name of nnoth ir officer ot that gallant corps— seeing that tlie name of the first person is aot vcrf palatable to members of genteel society. If this ebould bo found to be true, what must be said of the three individuals wlio have been 'guilty of conduct un becoming tbo character of officers and gentlemen,' to use military parlance. ? The Penny Readings have been ogain further postponed nntil Thursday, the 25th instant; nnd on Thursday evening next nj jjr, A. Harrctt will deliver e lecture on ^B ' rhtei.ology,' I The football match fixed for to-day, I between tbe Gymnasts and All-comeis, is ? postponed. ? nill 'Though of course,' says the Adelaide ioH E*Pross- ' tn8 Proceedings in Mr Justice ggS Boothby's case Are not to be reported .it dies in diem, yet occasionally a stray bit of information may be expected to eke out. We can place reliance upon the following scrap: — It seems that the lawyers employed in this case, on their arrival ai Government house, were shown into the drawing-room. His Honour Mr Justice Booth by arriving immediately alter was ceremoniously ushered into the sime apartment. As soon, however, as ho saw who were there he refused to pass the threshold, exclaiming, 'Judges do not herd with attorneys,' Some person present remarked that be pre sumed his Honour spoke with, bis accus tomed irony. After his Honour hid read a long protest, containing all the topics with which the public are la rmliar, Mr Parker proposed to com mence his opening address, when his Honour, in an excited manner, demanded ' Who is this person V Mr Parker mildly replied, ' Your senior at the English bar by ten years.'' ? Refeecisg to the labour test Tor tbe destitute unemployed in South Australia, tbe Observer Eiys : — ' It is an evil to mix op pauperism with want of work. Many ol'tbe men who are now out ot employment h»ve a juet horror or the Destitute Asylum. They would nuher suffer hunger than go there. They do not wont charity, but work. It would be unfair, then, to make them reek it at the doors of the poor-tiouse. There ought, in fact, to be a labour board as well u a destitute board in all emergen cies like the prescut, and it should be the duty ol ihit ' oard to give recommendation for tbe immediate employment of all sn.t able applicants, whether nominated by persons out of ioon or not. To finJ ?uitable employment in an emergency of this kind ought to I2 within the power of any Government when it bccomcB indeed a question of food or work— it is a public gain that (he men should bo occupied, »nd that wrges should Le paid them. They gire work iur tbe money they receive, and In addition to i his the Stt:te lim to deal with labourers instead of paupci 8.' A new weekly paper for the pro prietors and drivers of cabs, omnibuses, and hackney carriages is announced for publication in London. It will be called the Whip. The persecuted and maligned cab and car drivers of Lannceston ought to follow this excellent precedent, .md endeavour to establish a ' Whip1 of tbeir own, in the columns of which they could Lave tbeir opinions expressed and their interests advocated. At present they are shifted about from stand to stand, at the naprice of the municipal authorities, without remonstrance, except such for cible expressions as they may use on the stand by way of relieving their injured feelings. Much genuine nativo wit is thus wasted, which their 1 Whip' might be the means of picking up and circulating pro bono pu'jlico. Steakoebs in the nousE.— The follow ing says the Sydney Herald of tbo 3rd instant, is the exordium of the speech in the tonrse of delivery, yesterday, in the Legislative Assembly, when Mr. Windeyer directed the attention of 11 r. Speaker to ''Strangers in tho House.' 'Mr. Speaker, tho hon. member for Central Cumberland has got so infatuated that he barks at any bite, shews his nose At any thing like a ghost. It is a most remarkable thing, Mr. Speaker, that tbo bon. member is not to be held. You can't get him at anything. What am I to do ! lam a Government supporter because, forsooth, I ask you, kuowing the state in which you have been sweated there, in that chair, and seeing tho way they are ifoing on with him ! I respect you. I will not see you murdered. But here ho is ; because' forsooth, I ask a question he turns round and says, I'm one of the Government rags ; one of t lie Government tripe coves— bullock and lights, or any thing else. lie wants to make a mass of muck of my name. I do nut care for the Government or him. I am such a sort nf infatuated fool that I don't care for myself or anybody else. In this question I was , not idviscd nor was I requested by the Government to take the question of the wcant House or thewant of members, but when I see a man Hire that is, that wants to have his eye teeth drawn out, or cut out, or something else, nnd put into a statv) of being civilised, or something of this kind, why, any hon. member as feels his dignity hurt by the way in which this man is miming down, goring and running in— fiue thorough bred follows —we are oblige to put him out— oblige to do it, and I think I am doing my duty in just stopping his gab. The lion, member who moved the motion : there is no member in this House, Mr. Speaker so fond, I believe, of himself, as ho is. He knows it ; and I accuse him although he is tho Government ?outsido man. But stiii wlmt does be want ?to do with the Governor 1 Leave him alone. Leave Sir John alone. Why, bless I any soul ! He's got a curd or somebody *lse has to a feed. Anybody that'll give a feed, leave him alone— that's what I say, But these people who used to bo, John Jcnosvs where— (its very well for him to gammon to be asleep) they never used to give a feed. You know that, Mr Speaker, as well as I do. ' The reporters and pther ' strangers ' were here ordered to withdraw, and, tho Noachian operation havuJ3 been performed, in regard to the ion. member's oratory, his style of speak ing was called in question, whereupon it is said that the remonstrant -yas throtaeuod with the vigorous'application ol a big Btick. The BEnTR4#ra Case— MAnuiAan of MB8. binder— The iVdl.inrttou Inritpcn ?dent of Juuc 25 containsthc following par agraph ;— ' Happy Man.— Wbeti that no torious hut very pretty young lady Miss Madeline Smith had been acquittedon the charge of poisoning her lover she receh'ed some excellent offers of marriage, andsuch a thing does not appear to bo uncommon ? in we caso of. other ladies who have achieved a certain kind of reputation. An instance of this is afforded in the recent marriage of Mrs. Maria Ellen Kinder to a Air. .Stanley Williams at Grcymouth. Mrs. Kinder, it will bo remembered, was the heruine of the i-'ydncy tragedy, in which her husband is supposed to have been killed by her lover, Bertrand. Mr. Stanley Williams is a bold and highly favoured man.' The A'em York Timts says, there is a 6tory going tbe rounds : — ' Airs. ? recently gave birth to four boys, making six in less than one year,' This extremely uupleasant female is doubtless proud of her achievements ; wo hope her husband likes them as well ; but every rigbtminded person must needs regard her as a scourge -??- her species and u terror to persons about to marry. She ought to be despatch ed without .loss of time to tho barren parts of our new territory. Better is a dry crust than the stalled ox with such a woman. At a penny peep- show at the Above Bar Fair, held m Southampton in May, there was to be seen a picture of the death of the great African explorer, Livingston which was stated by the exhibitor to have been ' executed o:i the spot ! ' A romrakable act of cnurage was per formed in May at Marseilles by a young married woman named Costa. She was walking on the quay of La Joliotte with her child in her arms, when sho perceived a man in the water struggling for his life. Being able to swim, she placed the infant on the ground, and plunging resolutely into the sea, succeeded in reaching the man. For a moment both were in danger from the desperate manner in which he clung to her, but a customs officer who had witnessed the incident came|to the woman's assistance, and enabled her to bring the man safely to land. The Marquis of Westminster has given £2000 towards tbe support of the Women's Almshouses at Shaftesbury, £500 to the Salisbury Infirmary, and JtlOO to the Bath Hospital. The schooner ' Yam,' which was driven high and dry on the beach, at West Bay, Circular Held, on the 1st inst. was injured iu the Derwent and Tamar Office, and Captain Tregurtha, Lloyd's Agent here, proceeds there by the steamer Sanisou, to make a survey, and report on the practicability of getting the vessel afloat again. We believe ho will also survey the schooner Dove, at the River Iuglis. The Illustrated Melbourm Post for this month will be a most attractive one. It will contain two supplements; the first, a double- page engraving of a native cor roboree, printed in colours, the other a large bird's-eye view of Melbourne, 2G x 10\. Dut what will be still more pleasing to Tdsmanians— a full-page engraving ol Launccstou, with an account of the Town, ana a double- page engraving from a cele brated painting by Liudsccr, will be in the July numter. IST rUOFESSOR HOLLOW A.Y IN A NEW character.— For the information of such of our readers as wish to make consign ments of any kind to England, we beg to state that Professor Holloway will be happy to take charge of the same on the usual terms of Commission. The Professor, having at all times large available funds at his command, will make advances if necessary. His long standing and experi ence arc a sufficient guarantee that the greatest attention will be paid to the in terests of all those who may entrust their business to him, whilst the large sources of information within his reach, by agents distributed throughout tho civilized and uncivilized world, will render his advice and interested connection with mercantile transactions invaluable. 