A MATRIMONIAL ROMANCE. , The Fitzroy Police Court' was crowded yes terday morning, by persons anxious to know the . result of a rather curious marriage case which it was known would be disclosed in the hearing of a certain charge of robbery from a dwelling, to be preferred against one Thomas Ifold. The magistrates on the bench were Mr Templeton, P.M., and Mr Hailes. The prosecutrix was a Mrs Maria Ann Amelia Garrick, alias Ifold, an elderly lady, apparently the senior of the# pri soner by some years. Mr John Edwards, jun., appeared for the prosecution ; and Mr AspinaH, instructed by Messrs Miller and Ireland, solici tors for the defence. The prosecutrix, on being sworn and examined by Mr Edwards, deposed : I know the prisoner. I reside at No. 2 Royal-terrace, Fitzroy. I re collect Tuesday last, the 10th inst. The witness was here requested to speak loudly, when she explained that 44 that man " had struck her a blow which rendered her unable to raise her voice. Examination continued : I saw the prisoner that morning in my bouse. He came there at between seven and eight o'clock with twelve men and three vans, and took away a piano, a sofa, eight chairs, a work- table, a writing-desk, a butler's tray and stand, a bail table and hall chairs. He took them against my will, and I , gave him in charge for robbery.- The name of my husband is Archibald John Garrick, I have a protection order against him. Mr Aspinall : She wants to be protected from both husbands. (Laughter.) Cross-examined by Mr Aspinall : I was mar ried to the prisoner Thomas Ifold. I believe I was honestly married to him as a widow, but it Was not in a church of my own persuasion. I have not seen Mr Garrick since the year 1858. There is nobody here who knows him. He is in Syduey. I have not bad any correspondence with him since 1S5S. I am not married to Ifold three months yet. The certificate to my mar riage with Garrick was taken away by Ifold, on the morning of the 10th inst. The value of things taken away was over £100. I told him about a fortnight or three weeks after I was married to him, that I could not live with him any longer, as I discovered my husband was living, and I gave him back the wedding-ring. I told him he might remain in the house till lie got employment, and he stopped for a fortnight or so, but occupied a room apart from me, and did not eat at the same table with me. During this time be always called me ' Mrs Garrick.' The prisoner was introduced to me at my bouse by some friends of mine. I understood be wa9 a rich squatter. I was married to him ten days after our introduction. It was a fortnight after our marriage that I saw the ghost of Garrick. (Laughter.) Mr Garrick left me of his own ac cord. Jessie Luxmore said : I am servant in the em» ploy of Mrs Garrick. I know the prisoner. On the morning of Tuesday, the 10th, I was wash ing the hall when he came to the house with se veral men and furniture vans, and commenced stripping the diningroom of its furniture. I saw him take uway things enumerated by the last witness. I beard Mrs Garrick tell Mr Ifold that Mr Garrick was living. He told me to call Mrs Garrick 4 Missus.' Mrs Garrick gave me the wedding ring to give to Mr Ifold. Mr Edwards : When you saw Mr Ifold, what did you say of the ring? Witness (abstractedly): The ring at the door ? (Roars of laughter.) Mr Edwards : No, but the wedding ring? Witness : I took him into a private room and told him Mrs Garrick wished me to give that to him. He said lie would 4 burn down the house and make the Duke's visit hot for her.' (Laugh ter.) This was about a fortnight after he took his box away, aud about a fortnight before he came to take the furniture. Constable M4Ginty deposed to the arrest of the prisoner, lie wa« searched and two wedding . rings and some money found on him. Mr Beaucliump, of the firm of Beauchamp and Rocke, auctioneers, Collins-street, deposed that the prisoner called upon him on Monday, the 9th inst. and stated be had had a falling out with his wife and wanted some furniture re moved to witness's room, to be sold by auction. Witness declined to receive the furniture unless the prisoner gave him references, and Ifold then referred him to Messrs Miller and Ireland solicitors. That firm told him the prisoner was, a married man, and the men and vans were ac cordingly sent to remove the furniture at seven o'clock the following morning, in accordance with instructions from the prisoner. The furniture enumerated by Mrs Garrick was at present at witness's room, awaiting the result of this pro secution . Mr Edwards said he thought he had now pro duced sufficient evidence to justify the bench in allowing the prisoner to he remanded until time was had to satisfactory prove that the prose cutrix's first husband was still living. They re quired time to bring witnesses from Sydney. Perhaps Garrick himself could be brought over, and he would therefore . ask their Worships for a remand for a few days. Mr Aspinall delivered a characteristic address to the bench on behalf of the prisoner. The charge was of such a ridiculous character that he wondered any magistrate could patiently sit and hear the case out. There was a woman, who, for nine years, had not seen her husband, had not written to him and had not received a single letter from him. She hears he is dead and she gets married again, but in a few days after the ceremony is performed, a resurrec tion of her first husband suddenly takes place, and the second husband is told that he must be immediately discarded. Why, the prosecutrix was simply making that court a divorce court, and if the bench by their decision dissolved the marriage of the prosecutrix with the prisoner, they would be giving a most dangerous pre cedent for every discontented married woman who wanted to steal away from her husband. If this kind of thing was to be encouraged, every woman who, after marriage, was disappointed in her husband, und found be was not the man she thought, or was not a rich squatter, as Bhe believed, had nothing to do but say she was mar ried before, and had just learned that her first husband was still living, and was in Sydney-— or, for that matter, in England or America-— and going to a police court, get an accommodating bench to dissolve her marriage, without the nonsense of a divorce suit. Before the pro secutrix contracted marriage with the prisoner, why did she not institute, as she ought to have done, the deepest and strictest inquiry into the fate of her first husband, if she was not already sure of his being really deceased? The fact was, that on a mere rumour, a bare statement, she discards her husband, and then prosecutes him for robbery when he removes furniture from their house. In reference to Mr Edward's application the bench, after a few words of con« sulfation,- intimated that they, felt justified in granting a remand for a fortnight, but they would accept bail for the prisoner's annearance on the next day of hearing.-— Age, Friday. Nsw Insolvents— John Gerber, Epsom, . near bandhurat, miner, late boarding- hons9 keeper. Cause of insolvency: from losses in business as a boardmg-houae keeper, and from losses as a con tractor, Liabilities £123 17s 6d ; Assets, £4 10s -. Pdpency, £124 7s 6A; John Goodman, official 