[?] lARING THEM TO SOME PURPOSE. [FROM CHAiMBRR's JOUHNAl.] ,ydia, aged twenty, the only child of Sir omas and Lady Snaffles, of Blubluddy Park, folk, having written to her quondam school o\v and bosom-friend, Julia Coutsher, two rs her senior, wife of a doctor with an ex sive practice in Halifax,' ; Yorkshire, mother ifat boy fourteen months old','.' to. -the effect' (if rIia flirt not; r.omo to Rnanrt n frirfcniirVif;: h her, she would borrow a team of wild ses from Mr Sangster, , who was making a r through her neighborhood, and come and gheraway forcibly— the propriety of accept ° the invitation -was seriously discussed in medical mansion. The. Coutshera were a ipy couple, 'and averse to separation, but ia was fond of her friend, and glad to keep bond between them taut. There, were to private theatricals and other gay: doings at ibluddy Park ; and as the Contshers were rich, and rather proud, Halifax was a dul i place for them* Lydia; was' a munificent Imother to the fat child. The Siiaffles. were cry old county family, and to be on ;intimate ins with them was very 'creditable. 'When i's wife goes to stay with an influential and ch-respected baronet) there' is no. knowing at may turn up. So it; was settled' that ? lia Snaffles might countermand her' wild' tses, for that Mrs Coutshev would go with compulsion — for a .week. ? Mr Coutsher i included in the invitation, but his leaving patients1 was oi course an impossibility, mover did while they lived ; and when they sed to do that, it was rather they who left a. The fat boy was likewiso asked* and oc ionod a discussion. The mother wanted to ;e him, the father to keep him. ' It's very 1 for young children to travel in the autumn,' d the doctor. 'Pooh 1 ' replied his wife, lot unless they are well-paying patients.' shall be dull enough^ without you, and if l take the boy too, I don't know what I. shall ' pleaded r.he husband. ' I can't be happy hout my Billy,' 'said, the wife, wavering, fell, then, take him,' replied the doctor Ii a sigh. That sigh was a bull's, eye, .and i fat child stopped with; his father. ' ';' U 5. 10 on an October evening, Mrs Coutsher jilted on.the Blubluddy End platform, and 8 immediately embraced.and hungrily kissed the impetuous Lydia— an. operation which, lied the hearts of five young male , travellers the down-train to water. «' 0 you dear, ightful love of a Julia! how good of you- to ne ! The carriage is waiting.; the porters will' k after your things. Well, and how are-yon:? d so you have, not brought my godson; left l as a hostage for your going .back,. have t ? a pet ! How is he ? And your husband, y is ho? Of course he could' not come, lifax would find- it could get well without i, and that would never do 1 You are look blooming. I am so glad ! 0 what fun this ' And so Lydia rattled on all the way to bluddy Park, which was about two miles off, Uy giving her friend time to put in mono ibles. But smiles, nods, and shakes did as well.... ' Wo dine at six,' she said, when had seen' her in her room, with her box un ed and opened , and herWenirig-dress laid ie bed. 'My room is only next door ;'.. she disappeared. . ' . ' ',. twenty iniriiites, she came' back again, Ced for* dinner, and found Julia' also ready. 'i were exceptional and quick dressers both Com;, worth backing when Her Majesty's Is are withdrawn from the turf, and insti ti asprizes for the encouragement of Rapid Ele Toilet, as will be the case when every tl is thoroughly reformed. How amusing tlports will be : ' Lady Jane won cleverly b»ee hooks aad eyes and dbracelet.' — 'Miss i^Smith came in first, but was objected to by second lady, on the ground of her back Meing insecurely fastened. The stewards alld the objection, so Miss. Sih'ith was dis qiied.'— And then the' handicapping : the wfr of any previous race having tto put on an.tra- earring, or to wind up her watch. 'Wants ten minutes to the geng,' said Iiy,; ''come and see my room, dear.' ihey went into Lydia's bower (when you firiad ' The Lay of the Last; Minstrel', 'you that that was a haunt of frogs and spiders in fcorner of the garden, did you not' ? — I diclad the proprietress exhibited1 her dresses, jew and knicknacks. 'What ever is this ?' askfulia, taking up a silvered instrument. ' T?' That is my spurj dear. When you preS sbj a little prick comes out. like a sting of r».' «- And what do you wear that for ?' ' TAake my mare go. ' They say money ,-loe'a,t;; Tdo.n't know1; I'think a spur is bet :tr.,!''O Lydia, how can .you ! But you do -ot ijlj the poor thing ?' ' If the poor thing, kill!; jump when I am out hunting, I do.' 1 Dc^ou really and 'truly hunt, ' and take ictuj|aps? Yon said something about it in purJters, but I thought it was only fun; pa a such a. girl?' ' What is one to dov ivin| the country ?' ' And what are these or ?jpntinued Julia, pointing to a pair -f tlLlaced boots, with great nails in the iolosf' These are my shooting' boots; and horjs my gaiters. My gun is in papa's tudr.r will shew it you to-morrow morning.' 1 0 xol hate the sight of a gun. But you do lot ha a real 'gun, that has powder, and goes j-ff?j bf course I do. It is such a light little larlfadkieks a little, though, if you do not iold itight.' ' One wonld think you were alkhglf a. baby, dear,' said Julia laughing. ' Yiju all have a pop afc the pheasants with it ouboIi continued Lydia. 'I should die ritbjfri; t, and be deaf eyor afterwards,' re ilioj ho riend. ' There's the gong.' Jtlia lutsher being a stranger, observed ier }pst and neighbors at dinner somewhat are&lrj;' Sir Thomas was a very proud man a tieor but had no offensive pride of manner i prkot I. When he came to reason about it, e wis ;her surprised to find that common ibonrsjid the same number of arms and igs is (pan of his breed ; but ho showed no *ori in/is aotual intercourse with them. In is ovn louse, he was hospitable,' cheerful, id she iave of his daughter. Lady Snaffles as is fijn a believer in the mysteries of birth ad jloo as her husband. She professed to -nsjlerhat ingratitude was the one great larfctestio of the ' lower orders',' and she abitial' ' spoke of persons who had raised loniolv i in the sooial scale by superior len^ o: industry as ' dirt.' But she wna a )od,me|ierly soul for all that — exceedingly lari^bla and enjoyed a scandalous gossip ith;h oh almswoman most heartily. She Ms ?ikew4ie completely tinder Lydia's au orifc. I . r- , It t\h wjndjBrf ul to see how both the parents fanfl t-| the lively girl, ' apnQnled to her t opinion, listened to her, laughed at her fun, and turned to others with eyes which ex pressed: ' Is sha not brilliant, ui-d clever, and beautiful? Yet she is pbssitively our child !' There1 were tliree guests. A fox hunter, who was nothing else, and not being now in the hunting-field, was obscure— a quiescent steam engine, having coal and water supplied to it. Second, his sister, likewise possessed of only one faculty,that of liking classical music, and as,' unfortunately, no onoelsein theroom could soar above bpera, or distinguish Sebastian Bash from tuning, she toe only opened her mouth for commissariat purposes. Third, Mr Robert Staunton, a handsome man of about thirty, of 'good' family, possessing a large property immediately adjoining Blubluddy Park. ? 1 Julia Coutsher soon Baw that Mr Staunton admired Lydia quite as much as her parents did, and desired nothing more than to be elected slave number three. It was also evi dent that Sir Thomas and Lady Snaffles were exceedingly anxious to have him for a son in-law. But Lydia did not give him any encourage ? ment, which was- rather surprising, for he was as sensible and agreeable as he' was goodlook ing and eligible. I do riot mean to suggest that Jiilia Goutsherwas subh a)wonderful physiogno mist as to read all thiB in the people's faces at the dinner- table, or that the various characters announced : ' I am so and so, and so and so, and my tastes and desires are so and' so ;' like the old Greek heroes. She had'a whole even ing to; watch them in,1 and several confidential conversations with- Lady Snaffles in the course of it. ; ,././??? ? ? .?????? ?? ????'?? ? , ? At teni the lovers of hunting, of symphonies, and of Lydia took their departures, and the household retired to rest. I do wish that people still wont to bed at ten. There is no midnight now, only a twelve o'clock with a small t ; and how can one, believe in the supernatural without a midnight? Now, a belief in the supernatural is necessary to human happiness ; it is also (which is of m©re importance) a. trump-card in the hands of the story-teller. Alns ! we have no duels an3 no ghosts, and the taste for the sensational is increasing ! No straw, and yet the tale must be delivered. Julia and Lydia sat. over a fire in the bed room of thG former. They were in their dres sing gowns, ready to pop into bed in a minute. ?Julia had her hair all; over her shoulders ; 'Lydia had riot, because it was cut short, and curled abont like a. boy's. ' Such a pity,' said Julia; ' such lovely hair as you had.' .' Do you think so, dear ?' replied Lydia. ' It was coming off, and Snips of Bond-street said, ,last season, that . cutting it short . for a time 'would i-estore it ; he said, also, that this style ?suited my features— and then it is the fashion. It is v^ry convenient, too, for riding ; one's back-hair can't, come down when there's none, to come, you know. Besides, it will be se '-very handy for our private theatricals, in which I am going to take a man's part. ' Lydia 1 how can you; how absurd, As if I was going. to believe that!' 'It is quite true. ?I have igot my clothes made, and will show them to' you to-morrow. We want a pert young fellow of eighteen, and have got.notbing but brawny men six feet odd ; so you see I must cbme to the rescue. I make a capital man ; you would never know me, especially when I have got my moustache, on. Pa-act, 'pon my word, ya-as. Got a cigar about you, old f'ler '?''?'? ' And what do Sir Thomas and Lady Snaffles say ?' :' Why, it made' them open their eyes at , -first. ; but they are so fully impressed with the wholesome idea that Z must idp 'what I like, \ and that if it seems wrong,! it must be tbe laws and' customs- of the country that are in fault, and not their Lydia.j that they soon dropped all opposition. Indeed, having private theatricals at all was such a pill for them ' to swallow, that their dear throats have been wider ever since.' '. .Well, I did wonder at then.' having them, and especially at their letting you . act.'' ' Why, you see, dear, Lord Coulis, the head of the oldest family in the county, started it all, and, Lady Augusta acted. The first fact converted papa, and the second mamma.' 'I. cannot thirikhow you dare. 0 Lydia, you never will be able to appear in he-clothes before a room ful; of people.'. ' I shall not mind it a bit.': .' You always were as bold as brass. If I were your mamma, though, I would not let you.' ' If the cherub has a sister, Julia, you will make a terrible prude of her— will you riot? Why did you not make a pruela of me at school? You were two years older, and I thought you very wise.' V I was not an old married woman then,' said Mrs Coutsher : ' I was a little flighty myself, I fear.' ' Yes, you were; dear.' 'And then you were so un manageable. Somehow, it was impossible to help spoiling you;, everybody did.' 'Even the Misses Magnell.' ' Yes, even theMisses: Magaell; and they were stiff enough. But' yon were kept in better order there than, at home. | Sir Thomas and Lady Snaffles seem to'let you do whatever you please.' ' Ah. Julia, dearest,' said Lydia with a sigh, ' They indulge; me in trifling matters ; but where the happiness of my life is concerned, they are obstinate and cruel.' ' Indeed U' ' Yes, they want me to marry Mr Stau'ntqn !' ' Ah,' said Ju|ia, ' and is that such a f very great hardship ? Ho seemed to me just the sort of husband you would like.' ' Perhaps.if I had. no prior attachment.' 'Why,' cried Julia, 'you oari never mean that affair between you and, William Waters ! That was quite a bit of of boy-and-girl nonsense, and not at all suit able either ;? arid you cannot havo seen him for a' jear and a half .' .' Should you have for gotten all about /Mr'Coutsher, if you had not seen him for a year and a half ?' 'Perhaps. But thai is quite different. We were in the same station of life, and our parents approved of our engagement.' ' Why, that was all against you 1' cried Lydia, 'I don't believe there can be any true love without difficulty and opposition. You used to think so once. Don't you remember when William used to come under the playground wall and whistle, and throw letters over when I whistled back again. |And how you and I used to read them, arid concjoct the answers together?' 'lam afraid'' we did.' ' William was very respect able, I am sure ; he was the son of a clergyman near here, yon know, and used to be asked to. the house. . But ho had no monoy, and his grandfather was in trade in Ipswioh ; so when ho asked papa's leave to bo engaged^ to me, papa broke out into a terrible passion, and called him dishonorable, and turned him out of the house; and ho Baid if William ever wrote to me, he would find him out, _ and horsewhip him ; and William hasn't. Neither papa nor mamma ever scolded me ; they treated mo like a goosey girl who knew no better, and could not help myself, and they laid all the blame on poor William ; and yet I «m uoi'o I lioi to give him ?tranenitong en couragement at school, when wo -walked out two and two, and at ' church, bef etce he dare do anything—hadn't I?' 'Yes,, dear, you flcrtainJy did.' ' I almost fancy T-hat I was the first to writo.' 'I imagine 'tin it you did send a valentine or something. T'ouhad ar . xived at tho mature age of thirl e en at the time. What a puss ! Bat have yc iJ i ever met Mm since Sir Thoznsa forbade him ( h e house ?' ' Once ; and he declared he would : au aver marry any one else, and I promised tho s u ne. And I mean to keep my word too ; aifd if h e is faith ful I'll marry him when I arniu'4 nty-one.'. 'And if heisnot faithful,. or mif'ui ;haves in any way, then you will marry Mr ISi' innton, I suppose?' ' Perhaps.— 0, Julia, it isater rible thing to be crossed in love !' 'Sadiri-; deed, dear. It often ends in oont re imptidn, I' havo heard.' Lydia sighed ; but 1 3] ie did not look consumptive. It wonld have made a pretty ^picture — I mean, of course, for laOies, artists, . tud fathers of families, not for modest bache) !ors — those two sitting over the fire in their dressing gowns, because their styles of beau t]r were so different that each acted as a foil to ii .ho other. Lydia' was tall, . dark, and litln », with a slightly aquiline nose in the midc D a of her very handsome face ; hex friend was fi K t, plump, ana preicy, . , 'Lydia darling,' said Juliaafter a bi % 'youare the funniest ' contradiction I ever, m a. \\. You wear spurs.' 'No, only one.' «'.'?, A spur ; and you jump over hedges and ditclS es, and break your neck like a rough man ; anj I you let ? off horrid guns ; and you whistle; i md you, have smoked a cigarette ; and you inei n to act. in thingummies ; and yet you are h -mantic, and so very romantic !' ' But den'b you see th'nt is just whore it is,' cried Lyiiia , ' it is bacauae I am Bid: to death of what is a imiBon- place, that I am always wanting to tr 7 some thing now and unusual. Men seem si - much happier than women, that I wish to km -w what it is that makes them so. But as far as poor William goes, I do not see anything 1 jo very romantic in being commonly faithful an 1 truth ful. If you make a promise, you can. keep it, I suppose, without being silly, Ben ides, I don't know why it is called romantit ? to love 'onv An** 'Win tin Tint. t.hinTr xrnnrcniF ar* fnr Ipviug your husband or your baby, do yi, m? It is not romantic of rue to love papa andu iamma, is it?' 'Bat do you really love 1 .Villiom Waters, dear ?' said Julia. 'Did yoi 1 know, your own mind when you played at loving him ? It seems to me that Mr Slanl if.on is worth half-a-dozen of him.' 'Haw c jn you tell, Julia ? You have never seen him. i, .ince he was a mere. boy. What prejudice!' ! 'Why, to begin with, if he were worthy of s uch ro mantio devotion as you propose to b el itow on him,' said Julia, 'he would have m a; aagodto communioate with you, and urge his £ Ur it before 1 this. In the next place,' I do know * ', him, for he is articled to a solicitor in Halifax. 1 . and my husbaBd asks him to dinner sometime 0, ' WeD, knowing aa he does what friends \W .)Were, would he not have spoken ' to mo ft ii'.' out old times, and tried to make me his coniiJf inte, if ho had been good for much ?' ' ' And b : 3 never did?' j 'Never!' ' You never told r, ; 10 you knew'him.' ' No. I'hoped that you I ' . 'ad for gotten iall about him. I had no putienii '.e with a man who could' once fall in love w ; ith my Lydia, and then put up quietly with a \ separa tion from her, against herwill too. He : cannot have the spirit ; of a mouse I I canuofc ; bear a tame man.' ;' Is Mr Coutsher so wild, ;_ then?' ' Tamo enoagh to me;1 dear ; that is( : . quite ngai ; x aiu not mean unai. xjuc 11 jl naa ' thought he would have given mo up for i i v rebuff from a parent, or any one but myself, I ? would riot have had him for anything.' 'Wi, ill,' my prosaic Julia,' cried Lydia, breaking 0 ut into laughter, ' that is the most delightful fini, sh to a sermon against romance . that ever, I hoi ird of. But perhaps you misjudge poor William, It is agreed that I am to come and see you a : t Hali-' fax ; perhaps I shall meet him, and then ', . I cdii tell for jmyself whether he is what I ini agin'ed him, or a faithless swain.' ' Oh, I hi .ve no doubt he will catch fire again quickly i jnough whon he sees; you; and then, think i .rfiat a match you would be for him 1' ' 01 ?., but I mean to see him without his knowing ; -me.'9 ' How can that possibly be?' 'I ha ve my idea ; but I will not tell it you to-nighi ' ; ; you have had a long journey, and must be - tired. And, I declare ! if we have not been got isipiag for three hours.' ; : At half-past three o'clook one of tern . oon, a month after the termination of Mrs Cou . tshor's visit to her ' fast' friend in SuiFolk, t ; owords . the middle of Noveinbor that is, a youn g man. left theioffice of Millikin and Bowie, sol !, icitors, Halifax, and walked up tho street. He had a new looking hat, a carefully fashioaeil 'coat, the last, peculiarity in collars, creasele 08 gloves, small boots,, and an umbrella, which it , ?? :ould be '. a pity, to open, it was rolled up 8-! '.neatly. Some men seem to have an instinct t b-i it if they are to be noticed sit all, they must tn vs, .t to their attire te produce an eft'oct ; and it % ippeai'S to be a natural law that, the more insig' mficant any creature in, the greater isits desiret » attract at- . tention.i What does an insect do wh- . , in he has no beauty to plense you, no sting to irritate, you withal ?i Why, he commits suii [ jido in your eye. But an illustration is a dang^ j jrous thing, and apt to carry ono too far, for this young man was esteemed good-looking b ? y those who took the trouble to notice him si ifficiently to judge. I His features were regult ir and nicely modolled, his complexion was pretl; ';' p, his auburn whiskers — they were not rod — loi «g and silky, and his figure was straight and wi illpropor tioned ; : and yet, somehow, ho on! y impressed the casual observer with his clothe. 1 1.. ? A brougham was coming dovr, a ; the street, with a stoutish., sensible- looking rat ia, who waB its only occupant, lounging comfort 0,1)1 J inside, reading the Lancet ; but happening 1 10' look up ono band, pullod tho check stri ag wi '?*' *^e other, and presently stopped out on , to tht » pave ment. ' How do yon do,.Watevs? it ^ : luoky that I saw you, as it has save^^e* the t rouble of writing a note, and you t\iat oi any ? fet, 'nS it* My wife told me to mind, 'and nsk yi _, a to come and dine with us ton-orrow— -t-- j aeet a re lative of hers, a young fellow who ha; *iuB t got his'commission in the cavalry. Arc - voil dis engaged?' 'Perfectly; and I f hall be charmed. Mrs Coutsber well, I hopO v ' 11 YeJi thank you. Well, then, six sharp, y^ ,u know. Don't dress; we shall be quite alone ' ' 'Very 1 good.' Although a poor man, fated tocwork for his living, William Waters had tho , makings of a swell in him ; but ho had never Ii a(J-wropor advantages, poor follow* and was sadl- rd oiicient in many important requisites. Ho fa id ed that when ho accepted an invitation to - j^ er, he was receiving inatoad of couferrin „ a lavor he imagined a cornet to bo a supario iQtQk wre, whom it was n source oi pjde to i orm aa ac quaintance with ; and his unassisted intellect failed to teach him that good breeding de manded his keeping his host ar.d hostess wait ing. So the boor was positively punctual, and entered the Coutshers' drawing-room before tho clock ha'd d»ne striking. The doctor was reading the newspaper at the tablo ; his wife sat on tho sofa near the fire; a young man, rather short, but very handsome, who wore a small moustache and an eye-glass, and was dressed in a rather full frock-coat fastened at the waist with a link-button, was standing on the hearth-rug playing with . a Scotch torrier. 'Mr; Waters; Mr Chifney.' Tho two young men bowed. Waters made a mental mem. : 'To : iearn to wear an eyo-glnss ; link buttons are coming' in again.' 'Clever little; ' dawg this. Fond of dawgs?' observed the cornet. ' Yes, very, particularly big dogs.' ' Ah, yes. I have a bull-terrier who is remarkably good at rats. Fend of rat ting?' 'Yes; that is, I like to see it now arid then.' 'Exactly. Good fun ratting. My dawg can kill five a minute ; and he can pull a bull down, my dawg can.' ' Indeed.' ' Dinner is on the table, ma'am.'. Waters made another mem, to the effect that dogs: and rats were good drawing-room topics for conversation, a fact which somewhat sur prised him. Ho also noticed that the young his hostess was in an unusually merry mood, and provoked to laughter on very slight occa sion. But he. was hungry, and his reflections wore transient. Mrs Coutsher retired soon after the dessert was on the table, and pre sently the doctor, too, got a message. ' I am sorry to leave you,' ho said : ' that is the worst of my profession ; I am never safo against interruption for a minute. 'One would imagine that patients' selected the most incon venient times for sending for tho doctor on purpose. If he settles down comfortably after dinner at the end of a hard day's work, or if he goes to bed particularly tired, he is sure to be disturbed. But, I suppose one must not grumble at the fish for taking their own time to bite. Eing the bell when you want more wine.' Arid he went. ' Suppose we draw round the fior, and make ourselves comfortable,' said Mr Chifney, suit ing the action to the word. ' What are you drinking? Help yourself. It is a bore ene cannot have a. cigar, is it not?' 'Well yes,' said Waters ; ' I like a smoke after dinner myself ; but this claret is so good, that it would be a pity to interfere with it too.' ' Ah, yes, the wine.isn't'so bad,' said Chif ney. 'By the by, wo come from the same county, do we not? My cousin said you were a Suffolk man, I think.' 'Yes; I was born in taa t county. My father was a clergyman there*' 'I wonder whether we know many of the same people. Did you ever meet the Wiltons?' ' No ; I do not remember them.' ' Or the Wights, or '. the Folkers, or the Pur- ' sons, ortha Manns ?' ' Yes ; I knew a little of the Parsons.' ' Ah, nice gurls the Purson gurls.,' Spooney there ever?' 'Not very. ?You see I am a poor man, and caanot afford to be spooney where there is no tin, and the Miss Pursens hadn't a penny.' ' Indeed. Since you knew them, perhapp you knew a family they used to visit a good deal. What was the name, hum; they lived at Blublnddy Park.' ' Sir Tkomas Snaffles, you mean.' ' That is the name.' ' Oh yes, I knew him very well indeed,' said Waters, who had taken a goed deal of wine at dinner, ana a mue alter it, ana , was disposed to be very communicative. ' A tremendously proud old fellow, who thinks no endof his ancestors.' 'Ah, does he? Peeple who have them often do.' ' His daughter was not a bad sort of girl ; did you ever meet her ?' ' ' Can't say I have,' replied Chifney between two sneezes.; — ' I never, can .resist a pinch out of a snuff-box, when it is left on the table, as . Coutsher has his, and it always sets me off. Titch-ee ! You were — saying— about- — - Titchee !' ' Lydia Snaffles. 'I wonder you never saw her; she goes everywhere, hunts, shoots, they say— does everything.' ' Ah, rather eccoritric, I suppose?' 'Well, yes, I expect she is a little touched she is so des parately fast.' All very well now, but an awful bore for her husband when sha marries, for really she goes a groat deal too far.' ' You did not fall in love with her either, then ?' 'Well, yes, I was a little spooney at ono time in that quarter.' ' And she did not re turn the compliment, I suppose?' said Chif ney ; ' women have such bad taste 1' ' On the contrary, my dear fellow,' cried Waters, waxing familiar, ' she threw herself at my head.' ' Ah ? Then why did you not cateh her? She is an only child, is she not?' ' Yes ; it was all right for that, and as far as the girl went. But you see, Sir Thomas and Lady Snaffles cut up rough, and forbade me the house ; and then I had to come here, arid did not see. how to keep up any communication.' 'I flutter myself I should, if it had been me !' said Chifney. ' Do yon think so ?' replied Waters. 'Well, one thing was that I did not think it worth while to bother myself much. Those girls who are so very free and easy never stick to the same man long, especially if he is absent. Yet I'think she was rather fond of me too.' ' That is more than you seem to have beon of her, or you certainly would not have, given her up so easily as that.' ' Why, what conld I have done? ' Run off with her if she would go.' ' Run off with her 1 And supposing Bir Thomas had refused to allow hor anything, or had cut her out of his will, a pretty fix I 3hould have been in !' ' To be sure, so you would. — Shall wo go into the drawing-room?' So the two young men went up stairs to tea; and presently tho doctor came home, and challenged Waters to a game at piquet, leaving Chifney free to chat conn At a little after ten, Waters left, shaking hands with his host and hostess ; he was ad vancing to profor the same ceremony to Chifney, but that gallant officer bade him good night with so cold a bow, that he stopped short, and stuffed as much of his fingers as he could into hia waistcoat pocket. ' Queer .chirp,' he muttered, as he strolled along tho street, ' to be so familiar, and lead me on se to talk about myself and my affairs, and _ than to decline shaking hands ! But perhaps it has gone out of fashion to shake hands, like taking wine with a fellow at dinner. Ho is a real swell, though I wonder who it is he remiudod me of; I /iot-c known some one remarkably i.ike him, I am certain.' Mr Coutsher saw 'Voters out, and thon went direct to his sur gery, so that Cornet Chifney and Mrs Coutsher were left alone. 'Well, you madcap?' said Mrs Contsher. ' You were right, Julia ; the man I mrulo a Lara of in my girlish fancy is only fit to turn a manglo. _ I should make ton timesas good a man as ho is. IncteA my pa\t well, though, did I npt?' ' You did, indeed, Lydia. I had a rare job to help laughing.' ' I was in a terrible fix once, though : my moustache nearly came off in my napkin .' However, I managed to stick it on ' again. Do you think your husband suspected anything?' 'Well, Lydia, dear, you really must grant my pardon ; bat the fact is, I told ; him. He is so sharp, ho would have been al most sure to have found yon out, and then he might have been taken by surprise.' ' Told him, Julia ! And he knew that I was a woman all ' thotimel' ' Yes, dear ; it was best, indeed. Besides, ho might have got jealous, yon know, ? thinking you a live cornet.' ' And he knows ; who I am, too,' of course?' 'Yes.' ? : - ? 'Weil, I'm going to-morrow, so it dees not matter, does it ? You must drive me to that' ' ?'?' lane, where I can put a woman's gown over these things, and then take mo round to the station.' ' Certainly, dear. Oh, how sorry I am that you must go so soon !' 'Never/ '; mind, love ; I will return after Christmas in .: - ' my own character.' ' That is a promise, ' ; mind. And now, dear, tell the truth: you are f not altogether sorry to find that Waters is nofc ; worth a vow ef celibacy, are you?' 'Really, ': I hardly know.' ' You have liked Mr Robert Staunton a great deal better this, long t'zne,- ' have you not?' 'I shan't tell you, inquisi- '.' tiyo mother of my fat gudchild — there!' ? r -; But I do not mind tellingyou, O reader, that ?, ', ; ' she certainly married that chosen one of her ? - ; parents in the following Autumn. Reader. And does she still ever wear the — the dres9? Actually, no; metaphorically, I cannet say.' ??''?'?' Married readers must guess. './ 