A. GHOST AT A TELEGRAPH STATION; I nm not a boliovor in ghosts; und though I confoss I have my misgivings respecting tho lato lamented Marley's spirit as set forth hy Mr Dickens, I cannot say that I am entitled to rank among tho " spiritualists" of tho present day. However, notwithstanding my scepticism, -? tho talo I am about to rolato, made a strong impression on me, as the incidents bore tho stamp of truthfulness. I will endeavour to make my. readers acquainted with tho cir- cumstances, and leave them to draw their own conclusions, merely premising that I have no reason to doubt tho voracity" of tho narrator, who recorded tho facts asjhis]|own experience. " Two summers ago, I had intended taking a short tour in Ireland. It was the close of ¡the week;- all my arrangements were made for a start on tho following Monday, and I had just despatched a letter to my friends to apprise them of tho time I expected to arriva at tho Irish capital,' when a sudden piece oi nows compelled mo to postpone my visit. Next morning, after breakfast, I determined (Sunday though it was) to sot oil' to H-- to inform my Irish friends by telegraph of my detention in London, and my inability to start next day, as arranged. Passing through the village I soon entered tho station, the silence of which was very striking compared with its usual bustling^ week-day appearance No busy porters trundled heavily-laden trucks, no screaming' whistle or clanging boll gave notico of an" approaching train, and the offices were all closed. At last I unearthed a grassy-looking porter from a lamp-shed, who, in reply to my inquiry respecting tho transmission ot a tele- gram, informed mo that the clerk wasn't in attendance on Sundays, and if I wanted him I must fetch him from his house, which stood at the futher end of tho village, and beyond the little church; whoso goldcu weathercock I could see glooming through the treos' at some distance. By no means" pleased at this addition to my walk, I obtained tho requisite i information which enabled me to find tho clerk's residence, and sot oft' on my oxpo ' dition. Ten minutes brought mo to the church- yard, through which a number of tho villagers wore rambling previous to tho opening of tho i churchdoors; and passing on, I soon arrived , at the house I was iu quest of. In reply to I my knock, a little girl opened tho door, and i in answer to my remark respecting tho tolo L gram, I was ushered into tho prosonco of the . individual of whom I was in search. A few t' words explained my business, and we wero soon en route. My companion hoing of a r communicative turn of mind, gave me glimpses of village gossip as wo proceeded slowly to r wards the railway station; whence, iu a few t minutes more, my message was flashed to tho * head office in London. , "I supposo you did not expect to,:bo disturbed on Sunday morning," said 1, as \ I paid for tho message and prepared for my de 1 parfaire. 1 "No, I did not," replied tho clerk, . " for ' never was wanted but ' once before ou a k Sunday, and that wasn't by man, woman, or 1 child either. > "No ! by whom, then ?" I asked, with a smile. J "Well, sir, I know you'll laugh if I tell you L what I think, but I always say it was a ghost f that called mo up that morning." » " A ghost !" said I, do you believo in '. ghosts?" " Well, you seo, I don't and I do, if you understand mo. I think thore are times when * spirits aro pormitted to como to us, and I ? fancy that my ghost was a true-one." " '. Did tho ghost como to warn you then ?" 1 I asked. 3 " No, not exactly ; it came to me to send a 5 telegram." 1 This was more than my gravity could endure, ' and I burst into a fit of laughter. r " I know you'd laugh," said tho clerk, smiling > himself ;" but I assure you it's a fact." " Did tho ghost send a .message to its body, £ then ?" I managed to enquire as soon as I had t in some degree recovered breath. i " No, sir, not that ; but it sent a message for " a body," was the reply. T "I should very much Uko to hoar tho cu> 1 cumstanccs," said I " if you will tell mo ? thom ; though I do not believo in ghosts generally." "Well, sir if you really wash to hear tho story, this is how it was;" and scating himself: \ upon tho office stool, tho dork' commenced as * follows-"It was ono Saturday oveing, just \ after I came here, that I was detained very ' late, having a lot of business to clear up, and so t when I went to bed, I was asleep in a minute, L and, contrary to my custom, began to dream. I thought, sir, that some one was thumping at tho , böd-room door, and, though I repeatedly called i to tho person to como in, tho door romainod . , shut. At last, impatient of delay, I fanciod I jumped up and looked out, but no ono was to be Been outside the door. I forget exactly" what came next, but it was something con * nocted with the telegraph hore, aud then I heard a woman's voice call out ' Lockhart,' ^ twico. Then came moro hammering, and I l awoke, but tho knocking still continued. .* j Convinced that this was the noise I had heard in "my dream, I hastly put on a few things and j wont to tho door to inquire tho reason of tho , disturbance. Recognising tho voice of ono of the railway porters, I opened tho door,, whon \ the man informed mo that tho telograph boll was ringing Uko-mad, and that ho was afraid r somothing was tho matter. "It was pretty light by this time, so I í dressed and hastened to tho station, whither ( tho porter had returned. As I entered the ~ Y office I hoard the bell begin to ring, and as I approached the instrument I could seo tho j needles were in violent action. "Signalling that I was iu attendance, I , awaited the message, which was from N-, 1^ and to tho effect that a coUision had occurred1 j near that place, which is, as I daro say you know, about eight miles ofF, and I was to send assistahco at once. I immediately dis , patched messages to tho station-master and ' tho doctors hore, gavo orders that tho portors ( should bo called, and then taking upon myself, to stop a down goods which now appeared in sight, I pressed the engine into my service. ! By tho time tho doctors had arrivoa, I had ^ shunted tho ' goods' and got a train of carriages 1 and some trucks ready ou the down lino, 1 and had replied to N--r- that assistance was ' coming, and that tho down trains had been 1 stopped.. ' ? .. , ; rj "Iliad not been seated long at. my ; desk after this when the door opened, andr (a .yery.i, pretty, though extremely palo and, fragile- ; . looking 'girl, entered. She ¡ was dressod in aj, shepherds plaid travelling costume, and seemed ; ill and weak.' Silently-. 8he''vtook.<fro)a> .tHo:.. window one of tho telegram forms which lay .there, as you see them ¿ow, sir, and, after ?writing something, handed the message to -rn She thon turned slowly round, and loft tl placo without a wordr or even raising her ey* from tho ground, Astonished at her sudd* appearance and departure, I ran to the winde to seo which way she had gone, but I cou perceive no trace of her in any direction, had mechanically retained the papi ene had placed in my hand, and it no occurred to me that the lady, whoev sho might be, had forgotten to pay for tl transmission of tho message. I therefore ri out and questioned tho porter at the gate as who my visitor was, thinking, as she w probably a resident, he had recognised her ; bi to my astonishment he declared that no one hi passed him, which she must have done to ont or leave the station. Convinced that ho w mistaken, and had left his wicket open, I sa as much, and some angry words ensued. Co eluding, however that the message was in SOE way connected with the accident, I returned telegraph it ; but fancy my astonishment whe upon glancing over the paper, I perceived tl name of ' Lockhart,' tho same I had hea repeated in my dream that morning, and whii had then been, I now recollected, somehow co nected with the telegraph. " Determined to see the end of this oxti ordinary coincidence, I despatched the telegra which was as follows : " * Prom Amy Lockhart to N. Lockhart, Ee St. John's "Wood. A collision has occurred N-. Come nt once.' " I was more astonished than before at t contests of the message. The fact of Mi Lockhart having trarersed the distance (qui eight miles) between the scone of the collis! and this place in so short a time appear miraculous. I pondered upon this until t whistling of an approaching train aroused i from my Toverie. Upon going out upon t platform I found that the train had remov from N"-with somo of tho suiTerers by t collision. I assisted to convey those hurt the carriages waiting to receive them, and nev shall I forget tho sight that presented itsi that day ; but I will not horrify you by deta ing the appearance of tho shattered and bel less forms of the unfortunate passengers, w wore carefully bestowed in tho several conve anees, and driven slowly to. the hotels, whe preparations had already been made for th( reception. " All were out of the carriages, as I fancie when I was called to the rear of the train 1 the station-master, aud upon looking into t 'break' van to inquire the reason of the sui mons, T recoiled with horror, for lying upon ti floor of tho carriage were three persons (t\ women and a man) quite dead. One of t women must have expired instantly, as it w evident the back was broken, but uponthe fae of the others no traces of pain were visable. "As I leant forward to offer any assisten in my power, my eyes fell upon the featui of tho younger of tho two females, and I dr< back in horrified amazement, for in still ai resigned face before me, I immediately reco nised tho lineaments of the young lady who hi como to my office a short time previous to tl arrival of the train. " When I saw. the young lady's body, I wi as you may imagine, shocked beyond exp ssi o and quito unable to assist in removing it wi tho others, from the van. Mr V--(t station-master), doubtless imaging that ti sight had unmanned mo, desired me return to the office and not attend to anythb further. " The three bodies were subsequently co voyed to tho Railway'Hotel to awaito the i quest, and in the meantime I made the statio master acquainted with tho circumstances i lating to the sudden appearance of tho youi lady. Ho was at first inclined to treat tl affair as a delusion, but Avhen I showed him tl paper he was fairly puzzled, and said wo In hotter wait and see ii Mr Lockhart came dov in reply to tho telegram. " A train from London arrived hore early tho afternoon, and sure enough, sir, one of tl first to alight and make inquiries respectii tho accident, was a gentleman who said his nan was Lockhart, and that he had been summon« from London by a telegram ho had received : his residence that morning. Ho inquired wi liad sent the telegram, and was referred to m Ho then made inquiries for his daughtei", wi he was afraid must havo sustained some sligl injury, and expressed a wish to see her imm diately. I then, apologising for tho questio asked him in return what his daughter's appea ance was. He told me, palo, tall, and probab dressed in half- mourning. I was afraid to tc him that I feared tho worst (for remember, si I had no proof that tho young lady I hr seen in the van was Miss Lockhart ; it was onl the coincidence of the telegram that made n fancy it was she.) I, therefore, referred hil to tho hotel, where a number of people who ha come down were already clamouring to gai somo information respecting friends and neigl hours. I was moro sorry for Mr Lockhart, can tell you, sir, he seemed to take on s and when he heard for certain that h daughter was dead, they told me he fell dow in a fit. ^ " She was his only child, and had never le him since her mother's death, till a month bi fore, and she was returning from a visit at til house of an old friend when she was so sudden] cut off. "Mr Lockhart was ill for some weeks, au never saw his poor daughter after the day c the accident. "She was buried in the little church yar over there long before Lo recovered from hi illnesa. "The other suflei'ers had all been remove by their friends, but it was sad to think tha poor Miss Lockhart was borne to tho grave while her only relative near was lying at death' door, and sho was carried to her ' last long res) by strangers. " Mr Lockhart recovered after man; weeks, and ho frequently comes hero now, sii to soo his daughter's grave in the little church yard. " He questioned mo about tho telegram, am I told him all as it had occurred. He has beoi very kind to me, and says ho is convinced tha it was tho spirit of his daughter that came t< inform him of tho accidont ; and, indeed, sir, i can give no other explanation of tho sudden ap poarauco of tho young lady that morning. I*vi got tho telegram at homo now, aud you cai seo it any day you wish, sir. That's all abou my ghost, and don't you consider I am justifiée .in thinking-that spirits aro permitted'to visil the earth at times ?" "I confess," said I, " that your story has impressed mo vory strongely, and am much obliged to you for your narrativo." "Well, replied tho clerk, rising from thc stool on which ho had hitherto been seated, " all I can say is I havo told you a true story, and I eau show you tho youug lady's gravo ni tho churchyard, nnd tho telegraph \ apor, which I have still í'otaiued." Curious to see the ghostly record, I consen- ted to- accompany him, and having; made all secure, tho clerk led the way from the station, and by crossing a field wo soon roached the churchyard. Hero my conductor struck into a retired path, and passing behind tho church from whoso opon windows poured the full tide of praise from tho congregation assembled within the ancient walls, we paused in front of a small grave, upon the headstone of which I read the name of Amy Lockhart, and the date and manner of her early death. " Now, sir," said tho clerk, " if you please to accompany me homo, I will lot you seo the telegram." 1 When we roached tho house my companion opened the door with a latch-key, entered a small sitting room on tho ground floor, and opening a little cabinet which stood at the fur- ther corner of the room, took thence a paper, which he handed to mo. I turned to the win- dow, for the characters were small and delicate, and read tho contents of the telegram, which were word for word as my companion had stated them to bo. Many times since have I puzzled over the story I have just related, but I have never yet been able to arrive at any satisfactory solution of the mystery contained in tho telegraph clerk's narrative told at H- upon that Sunday morning. -H. J?, m Starlight Headings. 