INDEPENDENT CEMETERY. A special service was held on Monday afternoon at Haslem'B Creek, to set apart the ground provided by the Government for an Independent Cemetery. This consists of ionr acres, and formB part of a block of about 200 aores which baa been cleared and stuuiped, and will in future be known as ' The Necropolis,' — a name given by the Executive Council on the motion of the Hon. the Minister for Lands, It is sufficiently spurious to meet the require ments of the city for generations to C9me, and in every respect superior to any place of sepulture we at present possess. A speofal train left Sydney at half- past 2 o'clock and con veyed to tne groan a nearly tfiree hundred persons. Among them were the Rev. 3 . Graham, the Rev. J. West, tbe Rev. Mr. Sheppard, the Rev. T. Johnson, the Rev. G. Bowden, the Rev. J. Frazer, the Rev. S. Humphreys, the Rev. Mr. Charter, the Rev. F. Hibberd, and a number nf office-bearers and other influential laymen of the Congrega tional and Baptist Churohes. When the Assembly reached tbe ground the Rev, Mr. SrepeaRB gave out the hymn commenoing ' Oh God, oar help, In ages past, Our hope in yeaia to come.' The Rev. F. Hibbeed read portions of holy Scripture, 1 Ihessalonlans iv., 13-16, and t Corinthians xv.. 35-68. The Rev, T. Johnson prayed, and several verses were sung of a hymn commencing — ' Love's redeeming work is done.' The Rev. J. Griham then delivered an address. He said : My dear Christian friends, — We do not profess by this service to impart to this cemetery any intrinsic sanotity it did not possess before— anything that could benefit the souls or bodifB of the dead. But aa the representatives of two sections of the Christian Church who are to bury their dead in this ground, we publicly dedieate it to the sacred puipose of Christian sepulture. No one disputes the pro priety of religiously setting apart places for Christian wor ship that in our minds they may have sacred associations. To me it appears equally proper religiously to aet apart the repositories of tbe hallowed dust of the dead who die in the Lord. God's truest material temples are ihe bodies of be lievers in Jesus Christ, ' What. ? know ye not that your bi.dy is the temple of the Holy Ghost which is in you, which ye have of God, and ye are net yonr own.' These templee are sacred even in their ruins, and they shall be rebuilt Bgain in tesurTection glory. _ The place that receives for a mason their mouldering dilapidations Bhould be asso ciated in our mindB with all that is hallowed, meditative, and hopeful. Very different to onr mind is the place that contains Ihe dust of our dead from that which con tains the bones of beasts that perish. Onr service to day is intended to mark onr sense of that difference. Solemn and holy are tbe thoughts that gather round the confined and crowded cemetery we are called by the laws of the country to abandon. It has been the burial-place of etrangers in a strange land— tbe last resting -place of many, whose far -distant jonrneyinga termi nated here. Many a tear has been shed in that spot, many a prayer wafied to heaven and many a solemn and timely word spoken, albeit the din of com merce sounded too near. Many that sleep in the doat ef the earth there shall yet arise, we believe, to everlasting life. But its space is used up by crowded graves, and in a wise repaid to tbe interests of the living the Legislators has ruled that burials must in the future be removed to suffi cient distance from tbe precincts of onr city. We gladly coincide in that judgment, and gratefully receive the allot ment of tbiB retired and beautiful spat iu which to deposit the mortal remains of our co-religionists and ourselves. From onr experience of the past, we may anticipate some thing of the scenes tbat shall yet he witnessed here. Be reaved parents shall here resign to tbe lonely grave the cherished fotms of beloved children, and from these gates retire to find home darker and life less full of interest. Here hands plighted at the altar must part ; here parental dust be deposited amid cbildren's tears. Here friendship shall weep lor the loved and lost, and the stranger shed a tear over lone ones, resting far away from ancestral homes. We ore all etrangers and pilgrims on Ihe earth; and here the pilgrim shall drop hie staff and end his journey, while his spirit finds its home in the true city of God. Here the rich and the poor shall meet together. Here the Bmall and the great shall lie down in common dost. Eretbren, apart from Christian hope, this would be utterly tbe congregation of the dead, the land of forgetfnlness, a region of dolefulness, end (be shadow of death. Apart from Christian faith and hope it would be the blackness of datknees to contemplate the future of this spot and the sorrows of those who shall visit it, from generation to gene ration of dying men. The blackest pall would then indeed be suitable drapery for death, for he would be the King of Tenure. Tbe heathen who knew not God sorrowed as men wiibout hope ; far theirs was deep spiritual night. Believers under the old dispensation had greater light, bat yet it was only twilight But to us the darkness is past and the true light now ehineih. Jesus Christ ha'.h abolished death —rather ronnterworhed death— and brought life and im mortality to light by his Gospel. By assuming our nature and dying aa a sacrifice for our eins he has broken tbe legal pow er of death and removed our forfeiture of eternal life. The great Parent Fount of Life, the ever- blessed God can now in harmony with his perfections, his law, his universe, bestow on us the boon of endless being and blessedness. For so saith the inspired apostle, ' The wages of ein is oeain, not tne gut oi uoa is eternal me ihrougn Jesus Christ our Lord.' One distinctive feature, as you well know, of the ministry of Jeeus was the clear authoritative frequent utterance of the doctrine of the resurrection of the dead. He announced himself as the repository of life to quicken tbe soula and bodies of men. ' I am the resurrection and the lite.' This be proved by Bis life-giving miracles. This he proved and illustrated by His own resurrection from the dead and ascension to the right hand of God. He, tbe Head, is the proof and pledge of the resurrection of his members. ' If we believe that Jesus died and rose again, even so them also which sleep in Jesus will God bring with him.' This will be the crowning act of redemption. It will be the most sublime display of the giory of Emmauue), ss it is the most cheering hope and sublime conception of the human soul concerning the destiny of onr race. W e look, then, at the future of this cemetery in tbe light of Him who is 'the light of the world.' It will be, as the wold 'cemetery' means, the sleeping, place of many wbo, having fallen asleep in Jesus, shall wake at the last trump, aud rise amid tho glories of their ascending Redeemer, to be forerer with each other and with theLord. Absent from ihe body, the epirita of the just are present with Ihe Lord, bo tbat for the believer 'tu die is gain.' And though the body shall lie under the darkness of a long though unfelt night, even it reels in hope. It is a geim that Bhall burst into fresh and deathless beanty when the sun of righteousness rises. It is a dishonoured rained temple that shall rise in divine splendour under the hand of ' The Resurrec tion aud the Life.' It ehall rise refined into transcendent spiiitual purity. It is sown in dishonour and shall be raised in glery. It shall follow the history and destiny of the Great Kinsman Redeemer. Eoar we then where Christ hath led, Following our exalted Head ; Made like Him, like trim we rise. Ours the crosa, the grave, the skies. It is sot, then, with nnmitigaced gloom we contemplate the, future ul this place. Here hearts shall bleed, butChriatian consolation shall heal their wounds. Here eyes shall weep, but Ihe light of Chribrian hope shall irradiate their tears. Here the voice of the pastor shall be beard in the sublime utterances afforded by Jesus Christ and his apostles relative to death and the resurrection. We dedicate this ground, then, to the use of the living in decent Christian sepulture of Ihe dead. Yea, wa go farther and dedicate it to the glory of Him whose is tbe earth and tl.e fullness thereof. Farther still, we dedicate it for the burial of His saints to Him wbo bad redeemed us and our earth lo God by His own blood ; to Him who was dead and is alive and liveth for ever more. We dedicate this spot of earth to JeEue Christ, the world's Redeemer, for the sleep ing-place of Hia saints till He come in the clouds of heaven to judge the quick and dead. The rev. gentleman con cluded by besteching all to dedicate their bodies a living sacrifice, holy and acceptable to God, which was their reasonable service. The Rev. S. Humphreys prayed. The Rev. G. Howden gave ont part of a hymn com mencing, ' And am I born to die, To lay this body down 1 ' Tbe Rev. J. Graham prayed, and thus closed the pro ceedings. ? . ? 