THE BATTERY. A GENTLEMAN looking over the files of the Examiner lighted upon a little article pub lished in December, 1864, which alluded to that costly but now ruined erection, and requested the paragraph might be reproduced. It is as follows: "A cor respondent: says he has lately had a con versation with a builder respecting new battery now in course of erection at Cormiston Reach, on the River Tamar. The conditions of the tender were - That the contractor should be a practical man Is this the case? 2nd. That bricks burned till they were black, similar to those in front of the Public Buildings, should be used in every part of the work: Has this been attended to? 3rd. That a Government officer would be constantly on the ground overlooking the work : Is there such constant inspection ? It is de sirable that the construction of the bat tery should be carried out in accordance with Colonel Chesney's instructions, otherwise after it is finished and paid for it may be found useless for the pur pose it was designed for. No time should be lost in instituting strict enquiries into, the affair." We leave our readers now to survey the ruin they have got for their hard earned and wasted cash. This is a type of "the reproductive works" of which we have heard so much. YESTERDAY morning,' according to provious announcement, the tug. Tamar loft the wharf with a party of about 250 of the friends, teachers, and children of the Wesleyan Sunday Schools, for the purpose of proceeding to George Town on a pleasure excursion. Un. fortunately the weather was most unpropitious and when the steamer had got as far as Freshwater Point, it was thought advisable byl a majority of those on board to return to town. Accordingly the vessel was put about and the disappointed excursionits' soon found' themselves once more or terra firma... On; landing all.had their tickets returned to them, 'and arrangements have been made for the trip to take, place either this morning or on Friday, according to the state of the weather. A NEw set of regulations for the governanuc of the civil service in Victoria has hbeoni framed and gazetted by the Government of that colony. Compared with them our civil servants with "their littlegreviancca" are In clover. . IN reference to the noew tariff ofVictoria published in our issue of yeaterday, we learn that it has already come:into operation as tor fruit and some other articles. '?This will v?? seriouslys'aficct the trade between Tasmania and Victoria, as the princilpal of our staples' are specially :included in the Inqw. list of dutiable hrtields' It must be borne in, mind that green fruit, eggs, furs, hay, onions, timber, &o.;, are subject to an ad valorem duty of five percent.; all kinds ofgrain 9d per cwt., and when manufactuted 1l per owp;.and. manufactures of 'ill kinds ten per cent. iad valo erm. The tariff as to maniifactures and grain is not appointed to come into operation until the let July: next,; and has yet to receive the sanction of Parliament, ' • WE. have'. received No. 2 of. Hobart 2ouwn Punch, and notice' onsiderable improvements in it comparecdwith late numbers. The ear. toun represents perhaps the most prominent of the many farces that occur' in our legise latire-Mr: Lowes 'stamping under foot the Railway Act Amendment Bill.. The likeness is good, and the scene is one worthy of repro duction. Punch calls thies.l'a new way to meet, an old 'bill."' Five nimall woodotd of medium merit complete the illustrations. The following is our wit's opinion of a certain' Telegraph that has ceased to take part in public affairs- The Telegraph rag to the wall has gone,. And nobody seems to mindit .. I; For a dirty trade it carried on, And left all its debts behind it. The Herald-a thing of villainbonitype Lived long on slanderand lylag; Till at last a squeeze (rom the bailiff's gripe, Laid the venomous beast a-dylag. The Herald fell I But the Telegraph rose-- - A ghost from,the graveof; Murray; It srend Its friends much more than its foes, And was kicked to the shades in a herry. Young' Scap epi(to 'draper's 'hopmai;)-" IlI hil mslterl. here's a chap 'jast'beeu and took a parcel of goods out o' your shop I" : Sbopman (horriedly leaving the counter and rushing into the street)-" Which way has ,be gone boy P" Young Scamp--"There that's him there; jest . crossing o' 'the road." Shoeman (slightly an. noyed)-" Why that's our porter, boy !" Young Scamp-" Well, I'didn't say be wasa't,did I P" Tain Wood's 'Point limes sepplies. some additional particiJars' respecting the trouble. some insect of' which we gave -some account in a recent issue. Our contemporary saye " The small insetsa' that first made their appearance a few, days ago in Perkins's brewery are now very generally spread -over Wood's Point. ' ,In'Mr. Miller's' collat there are thousands' of them bourrowing into 'the wine and spirit casks; in fall casks they scoop out' a 'hole'hicioh admliit a large pin's head. As soon as they nearly get through the wood the liquor begins to ooze out, and the animal of courso gete killed.' In empty or allage casks they go right through. Every, description of box or barrel is full' of them, also the doors and timber in the building. Thousandsb"of these mischievous insecse have taken up their abode-in-"the look-up. --Every mdrning there is a large deposit' of very'fine sawdust~on the floor, the result of their night's operations.' Almost every store in the towni ship is infested with.these miniohievotis in; sects, that.eeem.to have no mission but bur rowing holes' in 'timber. The head of the insect' is red, with a proboscis somewhat're. sembling a parrot's bill; - The body is'llke-a" small black glass bugle,'brokon off iat the end; the whole length nhe-quarter of an inch." Fmin.-On Wednesday, :the 6thi instant, about 8 o'olockp m., afire occurred at .arth; the farrii of Mr. Charles ,Peters, but occupied by his son, aboit 'eightxbriles from Fingal. The fire originated in a slack bf hay of f about fifteen tons,,and in asehort time extended to a stable and milk shed. The whole was totally destroyed and 'no part insured. * Tho origin of the fire is a mystery. ' On Thursdiy morning between eight and nine o'clock' flamesoweire seen lssining fromii the roof of the granary,'the: upper part of anrange" of bbildings,'situatid' about fifty yards from the haystaicli.' Lvery exertion was niade to subdue the flames'but' w'ithout'effect 'and the' whole of the buildings -granary, dairy, kitchen, coachhouse,'&` . wore deetf'oyd. The:dwelling housoeescaped with the exception'ot''a!alight' injury to the outer doors. It is .seapposed the'buildings must have caught fire from a spark falling on: the shingled roof."' 'The property was insured in the Cornwall Office.' ,' ' 