she signed it! on the grass. FRIDAY, JULY 27, 1867. In the Legislative Council yesterday Mr Gordon presented petitions from Maitland and Newcastle in favour of the Presbyterian College Bill, with the amendments proposed by him, and a third petition on the other side, from Wollongong praying especially that the name of the proposed college might not be changed from Presbyterian to " St. Andrew s Mr Plum ett brought up the bill to make preferential certain new shares in the Clarence and Richmond River Steam Navigation Company, and the bill was read a first time Mr Pltjnki of moved that the House go into committee on the Regulations published by the Council of Education, under the 7th section of the Public Schools Act He pointed out that his resolutions referred chiefly to the rules affecting the Denominational schools, and did not take excep still to those affecting Public schools which were a reflex of the Act itself He stated that his opinions as to the Act itself were unchanged, and referred to the appointment of members of Government to the Council, and the choice of Mr Parkes, Colonial Secretary, as Piesident-notwithstanding a strong expression of opinion by the Parliament that the Council should be unconnected with the Government The hon member for some length referred to what had been done in educational matters before the Public Schools Act -is as passed, to show that Mr Parkes was not entitled to all the credit which he took to himself. He then referred to the objections to the rules in detail, which were set forth in the resolutions he proposed for their adoption Mr Docker considered the action taken by the hon and learned member as an attempt to do by a side wind what he had failed to do last session by statute The resolutions, in themselves, were vague, and their language somewhat mystified They could however be better understood when viewed by the light of the manifesto of the Roman Catholic Bishops, which had been placed prominently before the public The regulations which were objected to were in strict accordance with the Act, and until it could be shown that the Council framed rules which were not so, the hon and learned member had no case with which to come to the House The hon member then went through the resolutions, replying to the observations made in support of them, and concluded by observing that the resolutions themselves, and the arguments used in favour of them, were so weak that it could not but be believed that there was under them a determination on the part of the Roman Catholics to obtain a supremacy in the matter, which they had succeeded in obtaining in some other matters, and the Government had felt it its duty to withstand their encroachments It would be a sad day for the colony when religious differences alone should be prominent in elections, and elections contested only on religious grounds, and woe to those who hastened that period the Govern mentofwhichhewas a member would resist such encroachments, even if in doing so they should be Mr A Cammiell moved an adjournment of the debate until Wednesday next, which was negatived on division by 6 to 4 Mr B RUSSELL opposed the motion, considering that the mover had failed entirely to give any sufficient reason for going into committee, or further considering the resolutions proposed at,." . Mr Allen said that the President of the Council of Education had not been fairly used by the mover Since he had seen the working of the Act his own opinions had changed, and, strongly opposed to the bill as he had been, he did not now regret that it had become law He had attended forty-three out of forty five meetings of the Council, and so far from any attempt having been made by the Colonial Secre- tary to domineer over his colleagues the contrary had been the case. He alluded in the highest terms of commendation to the secretary, who had prepared the rules and submitted them to the oou... c Education He did not say for a moment that the regulations were faultless, but it must be remembered that the Council had not been more than seven months, in existence With respect to the conference with the Bishop of Sydney and some of his clergy, he had not heard of any compact ; all he had heard was that they were anxious that the Act should be worked out, while the Council of Education would be ready to alter any rule found to work injuriously if the law would permit them, he would recommend the withdrawal of the resolutions. Mr. Hay was moving an adjournment, when Mr. B. RussELL called attention to the state of the House, and there not being a quorum present, the President adjourned the House until Wednesday next. In the Assembly yesterday, there were only sixteen members present at the hour of meeting, and the SruAKEii adjourned the House until 3 o'clock to-day, as It is not often that Australia has contributed in ever so slight a degree to make good a deficient wheat harvest in the mother country ; but that has happened this year. Six months ago it was considered a somewhat doubtful and hazardous speculation (o ship wheat to England, and most of the cargoes that went forward were on home account. From the tenor of advices by the last mail, we gather that the Australian wheat has been much admired in Mark-lane, and that the cargoes arriving meet with a ready sale, at remunerative prices. More might have been sent with advantage, and it would have paid the shipper to give the farmer a higher price than four shillings a bushel. It is the surplus of South Australia that has admitted of this export to England. No other colony had any store to spare. The Agricultural Statistics of that colony for the year have lately been published, and they give an account of the harvest. In this report we find it stated that the wheat crop amounted to no less than 6,561,451 bushels-a larger gross yield by nearly two million bushels than was ever before gathered in the colony. The season, of course, was favourable to yield such a result, and yet in spite of this climatic advantage the average yield was only 14 bushels 20 lbs. per acre. The well-tilled land yielded more than this, but the highest average for any district-that in the neighbourhood of Mount Gambier is twenty-three bushels to the acre. Some districts average little more than twelve, and one shows not much more than eight. The farmers, therefore, on the poor land cannot make much profit at four shillings a bushel, after deducting the expenses of cultivation and the cartage of the grain to the port. Yet agriculture does not seem to be discouraged, nor have the farmers as yet begun to turn their attention much to other crops. Sixty-two per cent, of the total tillage represents wheat cultivation, and the increased area devoted to this cereal last season amounted to 47,020 acres, and this rate of increase was more than twice as great as that shown in the preceding year. It certainly seems rather a critical procedure to go on producing wheat in this annually increasing ratio. It is an accidental circumstance that the English market affords this year an outlet for some of the surplus, while it is a certain fact that all the other colonies except Queensland are increasing their own cultivation, and becoming annually less dependent than heretofore on South Australia. There has been so much said about the urgent necessity of Australia growing its own wheat, that the possibility of its growing too much has scarcely been considered. Yet it is not to the interest of the farming class that the price of wheat should be brought down too low, and an excessive surplus in any one colony tends to bring down the price in all the other colonies, and just now wheat growing in Australia seems to be advancing more rapidly than the population increases. The South Australian crop next season may, however, not be so good as it was last year, for we observe by the statistics that never in two successive seasons has the average yield reached fourteen bushels per acre. Always after such a yield the average has dropped to eleven bushels or under. Similar results, of course, may not occur again. Two equally good seasons may be successive, but as the greater part of the land is up manured, and is cropped year after year with wheat, the tendency is rather towards a diminution than an increase of the average yield. We observe, however, a large increase in the fallow. But though there have been fluctuations in the average yield and in the gross produce, there have been none in the steady increase of the acreage under wheat. In 1858 there were 188,703 acres devoted to this crop. Year by year, through bad seasons and through good seasons, the acreage has steadily increased. There has been no retrogression and no halting. Last season there were 457,628 acres under wheat, and if the progress has gone on continuously, as it probably has there must be at this moment half a million acres in that colony in which wheat is growing. Next to wheat the largest quantity of ground is devoted to hay. This is principally for local consumption, being too bulky a commodity for export, except when the price in the neighbour- ing colonies rules very high. Owing to the abundance of rain the crop last year was a heavy one, and the weather being fine at hay time it was well housed. Barley and oats were very slightly grown, although more attention was paid to them than in the previous year. In the south-eastern part of the colony oats seem to grow pretty well, and average twenty-three bushels to the acre. The samples of barley are said to be good, but the farmers consider the crop precarious. The colony does not grow its own potatoes, and has to import half of what it consumes. vine-growing seems to have received a check. The natural market is Victoria, and that is practically closed by the heavy duty on wine. Still an ordinary vintage gives five gallons of wine for each man, woman, and child in the province, and the last vintage is said to have yielded wine of a superior character. There is some export of fresh grapes, and the art of preparing raisins is being practised with increasing success. While for merely commercial purpose, the quantity of produce and the available export is chiefly considered, for social purposes we naturally turn to the figures which show the distribution of landed property. And here we find that nearly two-thirds of the land alienated from the Crown is occupied by persons who own the freehold, and even of the remain- ing third a very large proportion is occupied by those who are quasi-freeholders, inasmuch as they have in their leases a clause giving them the right to purchase. Practically, therefore, the cultivation is carried on by free- holders. Purely leasehold tenure is the exception, not the rule. The total number of landholders is 10,687. Of this number one-third occupy plots of less than forty acres, their land being mostly used for gardens, orchards, vineyards, or enclosed pasture. One-fourth of the whole number ' have farms ranging from one to two hundred acres. One-fifth have farms of from fifty to a hundred. Sixteen per cent, have farms ranging from two hundred to three hundred and fifty acres. Five percent, have farms of from three hundred and fifty to five hundred acres, and there are five hundred and twenty three farmers who hold more than five hundred acres, This must be regarded as a very favourable distribution of landed property) The total alienated land in the colony averages twenty) acres per head of the estimated population, the alienation of land forthe)ear having exactly I kept pace with the mere use of population The squatting returns are less fax our able than the agricultural The drought in the North having been very disastrous Since the rains have Ellen, now over, some of the abandoned runs have been re occupied The proper Uonnl deere rise in the rising of cattle is most remarkable, and is not to be matched in any other colony) 'Ten years ago there were at the wife of three beasts for every) individual Now there is only in average of three fourths of a beast 'the colony) that supplies us with corn is largely dependent on us for beef, and from six to seven thousand head of cattle are yearly) sent from the Darling country to be sold in the Adelaide market ] iiMi will not stop for us Whilst we are spinning the web of history in Australia there are is bus) workpeople in America whose achievements require a passing notice The list telegrams show that country conveyed to us the intelligence of the release of Jliii uson Du is It cannot be said that the release is absolute, though it must annually) be under stood to be so His application for a writ of habeas corpus laid before the Circuit Court of Virginia was unopposed by Government 'The State prisoner was, therefore, released on bail, that is to say, he is required, if summoned, to appear before the Court in November next He was to proceed not south ward but northward to New York, and is by this time, we may suppose, lost in the human ear rents of the populous city lins closing scene of the great Rebellion there is consolation) in so far as it shows that, when the fierce passions kindled by war, and the sight of blood, are quelled, the mind of the nation regains its ascendancy), and refuses to use the law as a vindictive instrument general amnesty) having been proclaimed, it is difficult to conceive upon what ground in justice, an exception could be made in the case of J 111 Races DjU is The law does not provide for in) distinction between the capacities of criminals, so that one shall be punished more heavily than another The act alone determines the punishment It would be hard in this case, therefore, to single out Mr ELLisoN Davis who was no more bent upon effecting a separation of the South from the North than many another man , but who, by virtue of possessing the abilities of a rider, was forced into the leaders position. The fiction by which ever) rebel might be supposed to consider himself beheaded in the decapitation of the Southern President, would be likely only to exalt the executed chief into the part of his cause Happily), this gigantic mist like in fact, we may say this came least justice-this violation of the instincts of society) has been avoided At one time grave apprehensions were entertained lest the Government might lack the firmness to resist the bloodthirsty) demands of the rabble, which, bounded on b) an unscrupulous Press, seemed disposed to tear the prisoner limb from limb when the news of his capture first tell upon the public ear B) judiciously) imprisoning the man, and temporising with the case, the United States Government has avowed her concurrence in the principle that capital punishment shall not be inflicted for political offences This is a step gained in the march of Progress Well, Mr Davis is set at liberty to go whither he pleases But though the law re moves its hand, it is a different thing with conscience Although the statute law is not designed to take cognisance of capacity), the moral law is, and where a man finds that by the misuse of his great capacities, he has in the prosecution of a vain enterprise involved thousands of willing followers in death and ruin, he can scarcely be a very enviable man, though he be a free man in the eyes of the world nothing justifies rebellion except success. The rebels who does not succeed is held to have committed a crime against society for which he is not soon forgive One is curious to know what will be the reception of the Confederate leader Those who have read that sad document, that sad census of the dead who perished in the way this man incited, and lie buried in the public cemeteries of the States, can scarcely be at a loss to decide At Nashville there are IS 000 graves, at "\ Ficksburg, 1500, at Andeisonville, 15,000, at Memphis, 12,000 at Chattanooga, 12,000 at Marietta, 10,000 at Corinth, 6000 These are but a few 'The flower of America's min hood heavy as the now accommodating turf of a hundred other townships, and will the fathers and the mothers bow before the genius of sedition in forgetfulness of these memorials 9 Surely not The public history of Mr. Davis is an eventful one. Before he passes into obscurity it may be as well to refer to the main features. He drew his breath in Mississippi, a State identified by a rather stronger expression of the " peculiar institution." Nursed at the bosom of a planter's family, he imbibed that hostility to freedom in others which led him to attempt the subjugation of the Northern will to his own. He passed from a civil college in Kentucky to the Military Academy of the United States in 1824. Four years afterwards he graduated honourably, and I subsequently served, till 1835, in the army against hostile Indian tribes. He married and settled as a cotton planter. The excitement of political action soon snatched him within its whirls. In 1843 he became an ardent Democrat, and achieved some distinction in the struggle which occurred for the return of Messrs. Falk and Dallas. In 1845 he was taking an active part in Congress in the debates on the tariff," the "Oregon question," and other matters. On the breaking out of the war with Mexico he left the Senate for the camp, became distinguished as a soldier, and at the same time as a consistent and fervent supporter of the nullifying policy of Calhoun. " His acts when Governor of Mississippi, and Senator, offices which he was called to occupy, were such as to foreshadow strife for he advocated both that system of repudiation which aroused the ire of England, and that aggressive action of the coalejBced slave power, which roused the freestone to a resistance which culminated in Lincoln's election and the civil war. In 1851, in return for his services in securing the return of Pierce, that grateful President nominated Mr. Davis his Secretary-at-War. On the accession to power of Mr. Buchanan, he vacated this office, where he had been useful, and returned to the Senate. While connected with this Assembly, he pursued a course which proved that secession was with him a foregone conclusion. Unsuspected he there wrought secretly for the destruction of the Union. At his suggestion the Government was induced to distribute Federal military stores throughout the South, and then, having made ? his arrangements, he applied the match to the combustibles collected, and the explosion which glorified for an instant and then extinguished first ensued It will be remembered how he brought forward a Bill making it compulsory on the Central Government to uphold the lights of slave owners in the territories of the Union, how he enforced this demand with the menace of that secession which had been predetermined, and, how when the division between the Northern Democrats and the SI ive party secured the defeat of both Down vs and Bin CkiMiimin and the triumph of the Ile publions b) Lincoln's election, Mr D \\.v is showed no hesitation in choosing his part The subsequent acts are thus succinctly) chronicled -" On the 20th of December, 1860, four months before Mr Lincoln's inauguration, South Carolina passed bet with nance of secession, three weeks after, Mrs is sippi, with the rest of the Gulph States, followed, and Mr Davis immediately) quitted his place in the Senate On the 4th of February 1861, the delegates of the seceding States met at Montgomery in the State of Alabama, and living firmed a Constitution, proceeded to elect JP in keen Davis, President of the new Constitution for a term of six years On the 13th of April, Fort Sumpter was surrendered to Be vain OAEii, and the greatest war of modern times begin " Man) readers, who have watched with interest the course of American affairs, will regret the non occurence of a trial President Johnson, and some of the Northern leaders, were anxious to secure a legal decision in this case, for the purpose of settling the law of treason , but so many difficulties lay in the way of a legal prosecution, that it was given up Not withstanding that the judicial mind throughout all civilized communities is less liable to swerve to political influence than any other, so much uncertainty) shrouded the result that it was felt to be most consistent with the interests of the country to allow the force of internal conviction to operate where that of the legal conviction of the Judge could not be appealed to this case has been coupled with that of Sir John li ki, because both the Ex President and the SA Gov vernor are liberated But the cases are not parallel 'The recalled Governor of Jamaica, successfully) crushed, although with wanton cruelty, an abortive insurrection and the Government of Great Britain are content to disgrace him by refusing are appointment, as well is b) direct) condemning all he did, and enjoining all he did not do, in the new regulations which have been forwarded from the Foreign Office for the guidance of colonial Governors throughout her Majesty's dominions ft SrrntrN s Piushvtfman Church. A tea and put lic meeting was held in the Temperance Hill last evening, to celebrate the fifth anniversary of the induction of the Rev Dr Steel, as pastor of St Stephen a Presbyterian. Church There was a very large attendance of persons present. The chair was occupied by the Rev. Dr Steel After the assembly had engaged in prayer and singing the rev chairman made a few introductory remark s He said it was with much gratification that he met his friends on such an occasion Having been nine years a minister of the church, he had no doubt of the affection his congregation entertained for him, and of the interest they took in his 1 there feiLco the new year commenced he had been into the house nfalniOBt every one of his centres nation It had been to him an unmitigated source of pleasure to be the members of his congrega- ion with their children at their own homes He thought there was nothing better calculated to promote true fellowship between a pastor and his people than for a pastor to visit his people in so sacred a place as home There was no higher privilege a ii minister could enjoy than that of entering into the joys and sorrows of his people When a minister entered into the domestic life of his p isplo it gave him any encouragement, and strength, and helped him to go on in his ministerial work with greater alacrity than over He felt very thankful to God that he had been blessed with good health during the past year la looking back over the past five years he thought there was much to encourage them in relation to the church to which they belonged They now formed a more compact body they could hold up their heads and display their dinner He expressed his gratitude to God for the prosperity which had attended his ministrations, and his thanks to the members of his congregation for the many kindnesses he had received from them Mr A Dean, Irei surer, made a few remarks with reference to the financial share of the church At the last anniversary the church was £250 in debt but the congregation, he was happy to say, had contributed liberally and £101 was now in band leaving about £80 more to be raised He trusted an effort would be made to raise that an Mount during the current year The Rev Mr Laughton, of Parramatta, said that with all his heart he congratulated the minister and people of St Stephen's Church, on their prosperous condition He addressed a few words to the meeting respecting the duty of co-operation amongst different denounce turn It had often struck him, he said, that it was a great blot in their Christian character that the different denominations did not co-operate more in the carrying on of God s work He had thought much the subject of a union of denomin tons which hold the same essentials of Christian faith, and differed only upon secondary matters He felt quite certain that a union of evangelical denominations might be formed without any compromise of principle, without the destruction of any existing organisation, and with great benefit to the cause of truth and to the cause of Christ generally He thought such a union was desirable, on several grounds first, for the purpose of of carrying on a missionary work amongst the heathen , secondly for the purpose of o f carrying on bush and town mission work , thirdly, for the purpose of combining more common movement for the suppression of intemperance and, fourthly order to establish an agency for the overthrow of error, either of a doctrinal or of any other character The Rev T A Gordon of Balmain, addressed the meeting on the spiritual life of the Church there might he said he ecclesiastical life and at the same time no spiritual life whatever, there might be Church organisation acting vigorously and yet very little spiritual life The present was not a time of spiritual revival, of watching unto prayer, but it was rather a time distinguished by apathy-if not by antipathy, an aversion to every thing that was necessary to the existence, and the maintenance and the continued prosperity of spiritual life He looked upon the prayer meetings as the most certain indication of the measure of spiritual life amongst the Churches That the prayer meetings were maintained in their several congregations from week to week was a most convincing: proof of the fact that there was some spiritual life left in the Churches And he would urge upon Christians to be zealous in retaining that spiritual life The Rev Mr Mackenzie, of Ashfield, said he was extremely gratified to hear of the progress of Dr Steel's congregation from time to time The communion roll of St Stephen's Church, presented a very different appearance now to what it did nine years ago. A very large debt had been wiped off, and the congregation had exhibited their appreciation of the blessings of the Gospel which they possessed He attributed very much of the success and prosperity that had attended the church during the last few years to the ministration of the Rev. Dr Steel At the same time he could not forget that Mr Steel had a staff of elders and deacons who had acted most heartily and energetically along with him, And some portion of the success of the church was also to be attributed to Mr Hossack, the missionary, who laboured in connection with the church The Rev J. P Sunderland, after expressing his cordial esteem for the Rev. Dr Steel, addressed the meeting on missionary activity No church, he said, would prosper unless the missionary spirit was made an essential port of its life He rejoiced that the Presbyterian churches in these colonies were awaking to the importance of the missionary spirit. He was glad to find that ministers were giving the subject more serious consideration When he contrasted what had been done in the colonies a few years ago with what was being done at the present time, he felt there was a great amount of activity and energy put forth He rejoiced that there was now throughout the colonies a missionary, spirit growing into life, and coming out of the life of the Church Let every child in the Sabbath school be imbued with Thomassen ary spirit, and let the spirit of earnest prayer descend on all their church organisations, and then it would be found that the growth of spiritual life would h to a most beautiful development in the missionary spirit. He thankfully testified to nil the interest that Mr S ttel s congregation had manifested in missionary operations, and bb Sydney was a kind of centre to the South Sea Islands, he hoped their seal would grow still stronger, of and that there would be more self denial and more like ality in giving On the motion of Mr George Bowman, of Richmond, seconded by Mr Dodds, M L A , a vote of thanks was awarded the ladies for providing the ent attainment The meeting closed about 10 o'clock. Sx PniLir s BtLLB - Yesterday, being the anniversary of Mr John Campbell s birthday, the bells of St Philip a presented by him to the cb arch, were rung in his honour. Fatal Accident -A man named William Kelly, about eighty seven years of age, was sitting near the window of an upper room at his so as residence, Union lane, when he accidentally slipped off the chair on which he was sitting, and fell through the window into the street below He was carried into the house, and attended by Dr. M'Donagh, but he died, in an hour or two after the accident, n Is 5 C.ATUcmiAi QueAN Author performanct7¡mT¡a' Cathedral organ took place at 3 o'clock. j oeterdoyaftooT in the presence of a numerous assemblage The FZS were Messrs Stanley, W J Cordner, and J H.fi,» pi'iiyceleuccosBivclj for about half an hour each AmT! has, present were Lady Young, Mission, Loved John ,-.. .. , v. - Elijah, and The Gloria," from Mozart's twelfth marshal Mr StanW Lift up your heads from the Messiah, . thorne in A flat, by Hesse, 'Tallon is the foe," and I We wonder Gods from Handel's "Judas MaccaDo,i»,"lbv M? Cordner A voluntary, 'The Kyrie, and "Gloria . from Weber s Mass in G, Hajdn's " With verdure t id ' < See the conquering hero comes from " Judas Maccabeus ' a duty on clarionet and flute stops, and Ilivdns l>Thn heavens are rolling by Mr J. Hill The performance on Saturday afternoon viz 1 be the last of the Bone? ANNiviKSAiii IpaMpetiso-Tho twonty-Cftaantu. Mercury of the Loyal United Brothers Lodge, TO o T ii ate celebrated by a tea party and musical entertainment' held in the Hall, Sussex-street, on We Tuesday evening' About 350 persons sat down to tea. After tea the tables were removed, and a musical entertainment was given which commenced with a selection performed on the piano forte There were several songs and recitations, and duets for violin and pianoforte In the second part of the pro gramme was a revelation from the " grave scene in Hamlet, which was given in a very nice style by Mr H. Williams The hall was tastefully decorated with the different flags belonging to the order The evening a minute tient was brought to a conclusion by the company singing " God save j The Queen " No 2 Company, S.B NB-The annual meeting of the, company was held last Monday night, at the Brigade Office From the report of the committee for the past year, it appeared that the average attendance at parades and company drills was fifteen per man Seventeen recruits have joined, and have been dismissed drill Prizes to the value of £8 is. Cd , have been shot for at the quarterly meetings of the Rifle Club in connection with the company) The silver cup was competed foresight matches, and was finally won by corporal Brewster The annual course of musketry instruction was attended by thirty members, nine of whom passed as marksmen and twenty became first class shots The) have also fired in thirteen matches with other companies, of which nine were of ten men aside, and four were of twenty men aside Of the former, the company were the victors in eight, of the latter, one Two matches have been shot by recruits, in both of which No 2 were the victors The treasurers accounts showed that the company's fund was in debt £1 2s 9d and the Rifle Club, in hand, £8 0s "d. Private Harold Gee was elected corporal The committee for the next year was elected, consisting of the officers, noncommissioned officers, and Messrs. Brewster, J Bushelle, D Arietta loBkott, Number, Can, Get, secretary and treasurer, A Johnston MrMoniAi to the Lvip Du Richard Grffvup, Camm him The foundation stone of the chancel to be ended to the memory of the late Dr. Green up was laid on the Wednesday last by his daughter, Miss June Mary Greenup. The service commenced in the church, at 11 o'clock. The prayers to the end of the Litany were read by the mount but, the Rev Henry H Britten and the lessons for the day by the Rev. W Wood and the Rev W Lumsdaine An appropriate sermon was preached by the Rev R L King from Rom vi 11 lo A collection was made after the sermon, and the sentences and prayer for the Church Militant were read by the Rev. George Barlow At tho close of this service the ceremony of laying the foundation stone commenced The stone was laid with this declaration " 1 inasmuch as the addition now to be made to this church is to the glory of God and for the benefit of His people, and doubting not that he accepted our purpose, I lay this stone in the name of the ever blessed and holy Trinity, the Father, the Son, and the Holy Ghost Amen " The people responded, and said "And may the glorious majesty of the Lord our God be upon us Prosper thou the work of our hands upon us, Oh ! prosper thou our handy work -Ps xc 17 Mr. A L M'UougBll then read a copy of the scroll, which was placed in the cavity of the stone with a copy of the i>ydn of Not nine Herald, the Church of England Chronicle, and the Parramatta Mercury, as follows -' On that day, the 24th of July, AD, 1867, the foundation stone of this chancel now to be erected, to the memory of the late Richard Greenup, Esq, M D , was laid by his daughter JonoNnrj Greenup Several of the friends of the late Dr. Greenup being desirous of erecting something to his memory which would be conformable to his tastes and actions, decided to add this Chancel, to this his parish church, to the building of which he had largely contributed, and in which he constantly took a lively interest The lieutenant of the parish and the trustee of the church, the builder, and. committee were named on the scroll Mr M'Dougall then stated that £210 was the Mount of the builders contract, and that something more than one third of that sum would be expended on the chancel The whole had already been subscribed in the colony and in England, but more would be needed for internal furniture and decoration An address was delivered by the Rev W Lumsdaine, who speaks man interesting and sinking manner, from his knowledge of the late Rector, of the suitability of the memorial A by an Bring to the air of the National Anthem, by the audience, and a selection of collects from the Liturgy, road by the Rev. George Barlow, terminated the proceedings. The size of the church at present is about 22 feet by 18 The now transept will be 10 by 18, and the memorial chancel, 18 by 12 Additional acco modation will thus be given for nearly 200 persons The DFSTiTnr Chimikdn s Asvmjm-An entertainment was lately given at Orange, for the benefit of the Randwick Destitute Children's Asylum The arresters Eaammc) of the 6th instant gives the following on the subject " The assemblage at the literary and musical entertainment for the benefit of the Randwick Destitute Children s Asylum evinced the interest felt by the people of Orange in this laudable undertaking To say that it was a demonstration would fall short of the reality Notwithstanding the inclemency of the weather, and the presence of other excitements, the large Masonic Hall was completely filled some time before the entertainment commenced the Police Magistrate, Mr Lane, presided, and, after the in- troductory overture by Mr Scharlaoh, delivered a suitable address The entertainments then proceeded The net proceeds amounted to £20 ' AcciDFxr-About nine o clock on Wednesday night, a Mrs Catherine Seghers, of Malcolra-lano was found lying near a pool of water at the quarry in Bourke street by two men who were passing near the place and heard her calling for assistance It appears she was walking along 1 houison - street when she accidentally walked over the edge of the quarry in Bourke street the height of the quarry is about forty feet, but she fortunately fell into a pool of water about two feet in depth, and this in a great measure prevented her sustaining any very serious injuries Her left foot was severely injured Dr Icelan dressed her foot, and she was afterwards taken home in a cab Tup Boothjix IxQtriin -His Excellency and the Executive Council reassembled on Saturday, 13th instant, to conduct the inquiry into the charges against Mr. Justice Boothby His Honor, accompanied by his son, Mr J H. Boothby, attended and read a document, in which he pointed out that he had been served on the previous Saturday with a volume containing 300 pages of closely printed matter, referring to no less than fifty cases, extending over a period of ten years Leaving out Sunday, the day when he had to attend in Court, and the halt day she said he had only had five days to examine it, and he therefore asked to be allowed until Monday, the 29th instant, to look through it, and see if there was anything on which he wanted to comment He also pointed out that the business of the Court required his attendance and that the Moonta case would come on for argument on Tuesday, and alluded to the attempt of Mr Boucaut to get rid of an objectionable Judge He ended by asking for some further despatches, which he specified, including the letter from members of the profession asking for the appointment of a Primary Judge in Equity, together with the names of the counsel who had signed it His Excellency intimated that the request of his Honor would be complied with, and the Council would be adjourned till July 29 We understand that his Honor will then be present, and address the Court on the question of jurisdiction -Register T E Duke of Edim vue i Several suggestions, says the S A Register, have already been made by our correspondents as to the kind of reception we should give H. R. H. Prince Alfred on his arrival A Eoggests a monster concert in the Town-hall, with the performance of Handel's sublime " Dettisgon Te Deum,' B proposes a grand review on the Park Lands, C a general illumination, with a grand pyrotechnic display), D, a. general assemblage of the aborigines, and a grand corroboree, E, that the Botanic Garden should be brilliantly illuminated with variegated lamps, at, a grand torchlight procession, G, the erection of triumphal arches opposite the railway station, at the entrance to Government House, fire , H, a grand kangaroo hunt off the Murray or on Yorke's Peninsula, I, a grand ball and supper in the Town-hall , K, regattas on the borders and at the Port of Glenelg. A Ran AFTER A House Stbai am-The Yetman. correspondent of the Maitland Mercury writes -Sargeant Shaw of Moree, and constable McDowell, of Warialda, have. just passed on their way to the latter place, the sergeant having just surrendered at Goondiwindi his charge or a. horse stealer, in the pursuit of whom such energy was displayed as would, if possessed by all the police in the colony, very soon put an end to the romantic side of bushranging. It appears that while sergeant Shaw 'Tas on duty down the. Gill Gill, he was informed that a man named <-jh»T* Wilson had stolen a horse from that neighbourhood, as also learned, upon further inquiry, that a man answering the description given had gone up the river as far a»-\PT» called Mungindi, where he had " swamped the said horse. Full of zeal for the service, he started off in PU^'.X1 rode two nights and a day without gettagout of the saddle, except to change horses. Heit last thought, as he was not overtaken the man before Vtas, that he must have passed. him, being confident he has not lost the track, there fore before morning of 'the second night no smoke. a. fire against a log, and lying down by it slept for an hour, when he awoke and found it was day. He was about 2 arise, when, to his astonishment, one side of his face, was felt unaccountably cold, was brushed against bylaws large carpet snake, which, finding its old haunts becoming uncomfortably hot. had quitted it and wiledJtaolf up alongside of his (boys sergeant's) head. Mr. Shaw commenced retracing the steps, and soon fell in with his man, who, to avoid detection and consequent arrest, had camped without a fire, and thus given his pursuers a few noaT "more riding. But HOW, Uko Polonia, ho 8 "Biteijr stowed," 