STOW MEMORIAL CHURCH. OPENING SERVICES. This noble monument of Christian piety and grateful memorial of an 'affectionate people to a laborious pastor now gone to his rest and his reward, has just been formally opened in con- nection with a series of appropriate services, which it is now our pleasing duty to place on record. We must, however, first supply a brief account of THE STBUCTUKE, asdescribedby thearchitect, Mr. B. G. Thomas :— " The building is in the early Gothic style, and will accommodate on the ground floor 850 per sons, including all sittings. Galleries are pro posed over the south entrance, and over the trauseptsfortbeorchestra.increasing tlio accom modation to 1,150. These, however, excepting the orchestra, are not constructed at present. The total length of the building is 142 feet, and the breadth at the nave and aisles 62 feet, and at the transepts 83 feet- A tower and spire, which however, are not yet to be erected, will almt j against the eastern transept, but on all other | side* will rise directly from the ground; the ground storey forms a lobby and entrance to the ChurclL The height, when completed, will be 17m feet from the pavement. The foundations of the tower are laidthrecfcet below the surface, ' upon a lied of concrete formed with Portland ' ceraeut in place of lime, and the foundations | are eight fee; wide The walls of the tower are five feet below, and are continued above four ' feet in thickness. The principal entrance of the church, fronting Victoria-square, has a project ing portico, with freestone columns supporting {Minted arches and an open parapet, above which is a large four-light window with geome trical tracery. The two transepts have wheel windows in their gables, with similar tracery. The interior of the church is divided into nave j and aisles by columns supporting arches, and a clerestory from which the principal light wQI be derived. The aisles are very narrow, as they are merely intended to serve as passages, and only have occasional sittings placed in them. The columns, therefore, nowhere interrupt the view of the platform. The interior is lofty, the ceiling, of hexagonal shape, being 43 feet from the floor, and is plastered. The clerestory is lighted by eight windows, of three lights each, having geometrical tracery. A platform, en closed with railings, is placed opposite the en trance, and over the platform is the organ gal lery and orchestra. There are three vestries ' behind the platform, also staircases leading to , the proposed transept galleries and to the organ j gallery. The building has been entirely con structed of Glen Osmond stone and Glen Ewin freestone,' the front portico being wholly of freestone. The building is of the most sub- j stantial and durable character, and not devoid | of ornament. The contract, which did not include the upper part of the tower and spire, amounts to £7, add that the edifice as it now stands, with the additions to the tower, pewing. extra improve ments, and purchase of land, has cost nearly £11,000, to which the expense of erecting the s]>ire at some future time wQI have to be added. The site of the building is in Flinders street, in a commanding and central situation, adjoining the new Treasury Offices, and facing the Supreme Court, which is on die opposite side of Victoria-square. The Wesleyan Chapel j (Pirie-street) closely adjoins; in fact, tike imme- ' diate vicinity is full of churches and chapels of all denominations, amongst which the Stow Memorial Church is the most elaborate and beautiful. Indeed it has cost more than any other ecclesiastical structure in South Australia, and speaks volumes for the liberality of the Church and congregation, and for the kindly feeling evinced by various Christians of other denominations who have lent a helping hand. The appearance of the church, especially when i lighted up, is at once chaste and grand ; nor has comfort been sacrificed to architectural effect, I as all the arrangements have been made with a view to accommodation and hearing. We may add that the foundation-stone was laid on the 7th February, 18C5, by Sir. Alexander Hay, a devoted supporter of the cause, and of his old friend and esteemed pastor, the Rev. Mr. Stow Since that time the builders, Messrs. Brown and Thompson (then English & Brown), have worked assiduously at their contract, the result being the completion of the work so as to admit the opening as now recorded. It may not, however, be amiss in this place to insert two or three sentences commemorative of THOMAS QUZNTON STOW, the noble colonist, and now <"■'"***< minister, in honor of whose life- long and disinterested labors this beautiful temple has been erected. The Bey. T. Q. Stow lauded in South Aus tralia on the ICth of October, 1837, and pitched his tent—a large military marquee—on a flat on thesouth side of the?iverTorrens, near where the Morphett-street foot-bridge now is. At that time the Adelaide plains were an interminable forest, in which the emu and kangaroo roamed almost undisturbed, and the aboriginal native yet held lordship over the wild solitude. Mr. Stow's first sermon in this tent was preached to the new settlers on Sunday, November 7, 1837; and a few days afterwards he organised the first Congregational Church in South Australia. Some of the members enrolled on that occasion still survive, and are at this date members of various Congregational Churches in the pro vince. Nor need we say that to them the opening of the Stow Memorial Church will recal past scenes and incidents of the most deeply interesting character. Thirty years in the life of any country is a long term; but the first thirty years of the life and history of a colony must necessarily be marked in stronger and deeper lines on the tablet of memory than any subsequent similar period. We cannot find | space to chronicle the early friends of Mr. Stow, who —like his most valued and intimate asso ciate—the late William Giles, have gone to their rest, or here, also, we might find material for useful retrospect. To return to Mr. Stow. In the course of a few months he removed bis tent to an acre on North-terrace (now partly occupied by Messrs. Hill & Co.), and here he built his first sanctuary—an edifice constructed of the pines and reeds available in the neighbor hood, the good pastor laboring with his own hands |to assist in the erection. In this rude structure, which also served the purpose of a parsonage, the first Independent congregation worshipped for about three years, until Freeman-street Chapel was opened, in November, 1840. This chapel was a great undertaking in those times, costing about £3,000—a heavy sum for a small congregation in so yonng and struggling a com munity. The building was heavily embarrassed, and during the crisis of 1841-2, and the years of depression that followed (till the discovery of the Burra) the payment of the interest was a severe tax upon the purses of Mr. Stow's people; so much so that he declined all salary for his labors for several years. However, with the advent of brighter times the debt was cleared off; and about 1850 die chapel was im proved by the addition of galleries, vestries, and schoolroom. Freeman-street Chapel has thus been occupied for more than a quarter of a century, and those who attended the deeply affecting farewell ser vice conducted there by the pastor, Mr. Evan, on the evening of Sunday, April 7, will not soon forget the deep impression produced, as the rev. gentleman recalled to me memories of his hearers the sacred associations of the place. The Bey. T. Q. Stow, for some years prior to his decease had been subject to illness, and the result was the obtaining of a co-pastor in the person of the Bey. C. W. Evan, the now loved and honored successor of the deceased. Mr. Stow died in Syduey, whither he went for the benefit of his health, in 1862. His remains were brought over to Adelaide for interment, the day beingone of general mourning, and the procession that followed to his grave being far the greatest ever seen under similar circumstances in die colony. Over his grave a costly monument was erected by public subscription, and to this spot many will fondly repair for years to come of those who have known him, and, in still more distant years, of those who will have heard and read of the important part he played in the founding of this thriving colony. As the founder of Congregationalism in this province he labored long and hard, amid difficulties against which only the stoutest heart could have stood, to establish firmly the denomination with which he was immediately identified. He was evangelical in his aims and uusectariau in his desires, and hence he helped in every good work which was for tue progress of religiou in this province. His energy aud earnestness were only equalled byhis catholicity and large-heartedneas, { and hence he is held in honored remembrance by all the Churches. In the political history of our colony Mi. Stow took a conspicuous and leading part. He was one of the strongest opponents of the State aid to religion, and made the abolition of such assistance in this colony one of the aims of his life, and before he died he was permitted to see not only the realization of his wishes, but also to witness the friendli ness and good will which, notwithstanding the withdrawal of this aid, exist amongst all the Christian Churches of this colouy. OPENING PBAYEB MEETING. The Chapel being now ready for occupancy, and all the preliminaries for the various services arranged, a solemn devotional service took place on the evening of Friday, April 12. There was a large audience present, including ministers and representatives from various other Churches of different denominations. The Rev. C. W. Evan commenced by reading the hymn, " Oh, Thou to whom in ancient times,'' which was sung by the congregation, after which the Rev. Mr. Storehouse (Baptist) read the 07th Psalm, and the Rev. M. Hodge offered prayer. Scripture was then again read by the Key. J. Lyall (Presbyterian), and prayer offered by the Bey. F. W. Cox ; after which the Bey. C. W. Evan delivered the following:--" By the good hand of God upon us we have been per mitted to witness the completion of this build ing, and unite in the first song of iwaUc, and in the first prayers offered within its walla. It has seemed to us appropriate that the first public service held in the church should be mainly of a devotional character ; that worship should take precedence of instruction. To many of us, at least, the occasion is a solemn and a joyful ou<-, and our thought* and emotions find their luuat fitting expressions in praise and supplica- tiou. Fervent, indeed, should be our song of Uianksgiving, and earnest the prayer which we breathe before God. We ask the God whom we worship and serve to accept the worto and offerings of onr hands. We seek grace that we may worship Him in spirit and in truth, that we may serve him acceptably wilt reverence and godly fear. We pray that the beauty of Jehovah may be upon us. We have erected this house unto His name. We trust that we have had no lower aim than the promotion of His glory, tliat we have sought not our own, but the tilings which are Jesus Christ's. It is only as we have this conviction that we can now with true hearts seek the divine sanction and smile. Shame, indeed, would belong to us, and confusion of face would be our desert, if while professing to build and dedi cate a house unto God, we were seeking only our own aggrandisement, or the furtherance of a favorite form cr name. But though our hearts condemn us not as to our ruling aims and motives, yet it is tiot with a feeling of pure com placency that we can look upon the best of our works; and when we bring them into the presence of the Holy One, and ask his approval, we feel that we have also to ask the forgiveness of the sin which disfigures and mars them. The structure which we thus dedicate to God's ser vice is admitted by all observers to possess some degree of material excellence and beauty; but; it is none too beautiful, none too good for the j use to which it is devoted. Grand and costly edifices have been erected for purposes mean, and morally questionable, while too frequently buildings raised for the noblest and best of ends have been rude and unsightly structures. Id many cases, indeed, the meanness of the Christian sanctuary has been a necessity of cir cumstances. The Christians of the first century, ; for instance, whatever might be their views of the externals of religion, had neither the wealth nor the liberty to erect goodly sanctuaries, and in subsequent ages many of the followers of Christ, poor and persecuted, like their Master, have been too thankful for any manner of roof I under which to assemble for worship. But in a community like ours, where Christians are nu merous and comparatively rich, dwelling in houses supplied not only with all the comforts, but with many of the luxuries and costly adornments of civilization, it were verily a shame that the house of their Father, which is more properly called their home dun any other earthly habitation, were marked by unsightliness, and poverty, and discomfort. The worship of God is a. greater thing than the business of the world, and the j blessings of the sanctuary are even more precious than the blessings of home; and we see not why, in a community like ours, claiming to be called Christian, the House of God should not surpass all other buildings in prominence of position and in beauty of conception and work manship ; while it should, by its very form and aspect, present a dear indication of die sacred use to which it is devoted, and dins become to maxi, amid die absorbing pursuits and tite mate rialising influences of earth, a silent but con spicuous witness for die Living God and eternal things. For whom are our best and most bean tifol things, if not for the God of love and beauty? Not that He has need of anything at our hands, bat He tikes pleasure in die offering! of love and devotion, and die soul that truly and intelligently loves will not offer rato Him the mean or blemished sacrifices. The nation that all beauties of art should be disso ciated from the Christian sanctuary and die worship of God, as if He who made all things beautiful delighted in deformities bone, needs no confutation in our time. Many early Christians, not sufficiently distin guisbing between religion and art in Paganism, looked upon art with suspicion and antipstfiy. Because the beautiful was known to them as allied to the unholy, die beautiful was re nounced and treated as profane. The same error has been committed in more recent times, and in die section of die Church of Christ with which we are more particularly identified. Onr Puritan forefathers, harassed aad impoverished by oppressive enactments, were compelled to erect rude inartistic structures, in aiay obscure locality where they could find an asylum. Bat what was with them a. necessity of their posi tion, some of tlieir descendants came tolookupon as a fixed accompaniment of pore and undented religion. All artistic beauty in connection with the house of God was associated in tlieir minds with conuptness of worship and teaching. Hap pily, wiser thinking and a better spirit prevail in our day, and it is no longer drought neces sary that a building where die best and most beautiful tilings are to be taught and enjoyed should itself be devoid of every attribute of grace and comeliness. But we must not feel too secure agaiust the opposite and prevalent evil of lifting the externals and accessories of worship out' of their proper sphere—diat of strict subordination to die spiritual in religion. Un happily it is but too manifest that there v 'no necessary connection between the beauty of church architecture and die beauty of holiness that should pervade the worship of God. In the rudest structure, raised without profes sional aid of architect or builder, tiiere may be such worship as the Father eeeketh and each teaching as sinful men need, while in die build ing of die highest architectural pretensions and merits the worship may be cold and formal and the teaching feeble and fruitless, and die grand edifice may prove but a garnished sepulchre. Our earnest prayer to-night is dmt within tiiese walls men may draw nigh unto God with true hearts, by one Spirit, through the one Mediator; and that die teaching of die ptlpit may be inspired and energised from above. These aie the two purposes for which the building has been erected —worship and teaching-—worship offered to God and instruction communicated to man. The two dungs are very doady allied and often blended in die service of die sanctu ary ; but they are in their nature «W.i™-t. and it is manifestly important that in die public exercises of die Church each should occupy its proper place and have its due share of attention. An impression prevails that, as Congregational ists, we have given undue prominence to die sermon as compared with what is more directly worship. Some of our forms of speech seem to betray die error. The devotional portions of die service are commonly described as introductory. Going to a py*i^l«r place of worship is going to (hear a. certain preacher. Persons am""g us who arrive late in die sanc tuary—and with some tiiis is habitual—seem to think it a trivial shortcoming if they are in time for die sermon. Akin to this, is die idea fore most in die minds of many Christian people in connection with their vim to die house of God —the idea of getting good—of receiving profit. It were well, indeed, if none came up to * die place of the holy* from a lower motive; but die godly man is Barely capable of being prompted by a. higher. Does he come to die church, as he goes to his counting-bouse, simply for what he can get by it ? Is the temple only a. spiritual mart, to which die traffickers come with die ruling question, / What profit shall we have?' Should Christians not say, rather, ss die Lord's Day dawns upon diem with its sweet and hal lowed memories and associations, 'Oh, come let us worship the Lord; let as nuke a joyful noise unto die rock of oar salvation; let as come before His presence with duuaksgiving; let us kneel before the Lord our Maker, for He is our God, and we are die people of His pasture, sad die sheep of His hand.' Is there no gratitude springing born a sense of God's rich goodness, yearning for expression in die solemn hymn of praise? Is there no im pression of die greatness, die excellence, die purity, and die condescension of God constrain ing die soul tj adore and magnify His Holy name? Is there no sense of sin and unworthi ness impelling die soul to die presence of God, to die feet of die Bedeemer to confess and pray and trust? It were well indeed if Christians, on repairing to die sanctuary, expected less from man, and rendered more glory to God, bringing into His courts die truest and. devouteat offer ings of their hearts. They would find titat * more excellent way, even in respect of profit, for then would die human ministry prove to diem die vehicle of richer Messing. In die public worship of God, from die synagogue downwards, die service of song has bad its puce and its importance. Our view of tiiis is timt it should be as far as practicable coagregationaL 'Let die people praise die Lord.' If an instru ment is used, if a choir, official or semi-official, is employed, these are in no wise to exercise vicarious ftinrfi«n«—to praise God for or in place of the assembly; but they are to be held strictly subordinate and aux iliary to the general concert of die people in. the exercise of praise. In this respect we have much to desire. Many good people appear in the church, and while God's praises are sung they are mere listeners and spectators, as if they had received from God neither hearts nor voices. They thus withhold from common wor ship that which they ought to contribute, and deprive their fellow- worshippers of die aid which die syinpatiiy of numbers i* designed to afford. As to die character of the psalmody, let it be artistic if it may. The best of music, as well as well as die best of architecture, should be consecrated to God ; but it were a great calamity if, while gaining in artistic excel lence and effect, it became uudevout, not to say frivolus. We do not think that the Author of all harmonies has any pleasure in harsh and discordant sounds; but we are sure that the rudest and most inharmonious strains of die most fistic congregation, if, at the same time, hearty and fervent, are more acceptable to the ear of God than the most artistic and bar uionious melodies, if with the understanding of song and die excellence of performance there is wanting die spirit of praise and die heart of devotion. There is no reason, however, why culture should be un devout in any department of God's service. There are reasons why culture should prove helpful to devotion. While we earnestly desire that thuse portions of the public service which are more strictly worship may be of a more spiritual aud elevated character, we cannot afford in our time to assign to teaching in die sanctuary a lower position than it has occupied among us. As Congregationalists we are but a small section of die great Church of Christ in the world, but what position we have attained in that Church, and what influence pertains to that |K>sition, we owe very largely to die degree of intelligence and spiritual efficiency with which the truth of God has been proclaimed among us. We owe little to our organization except freedom from certain evils which may have entraminelled others. We owe little to wealth or prestige. We have inherited bat a small share of these. Bot we owe modi uimW God to the power and fidelity with which godly men among a*, apealdng verily as they were moral by the Holy Ghost, hare preached die everlasting Gospel, and expounded the bn and principles of Christ* Kingdom. We honor the memory of the first Congregational pastor and the founder of the Congregational body in this land, and whose name 3s to be permanently associated with this liiMing And to what does he owe the eminent position which the common voice of the Churches has assigned to him? Doubtless to a variety of thing*, for he was endowed with. a. ore com bination of qualities ; but taainly, I #Jiiwl«-_ to tiie and force, and consistency with which he proclaimed the troth of Christ, and advocated the interests of our common faith. And whatever may be wanting here in time to come, I pray that there may be provided for those who shall assemble a tame, efficient, and faithful ministry of God's Holy Word. On such ministry depends in bo secondary degree the edifying of the body of Christ—on such a ministry largely depends the conversion of sinners from the errors of their ways. Much as is effected in our day by the Sunday-school, the religious press, and other appliances, the preaching of the Gospel still occupies a foremost place among the agencies that God employs to save sinners, *to arouse the careless, the pre sumptuous awe, and torn the tide of soak another way.' And the objects for which this bunding has been raised will not be fulfilled if here sinners are not drawn to the uplifted Saviour—if here the sin-burdened and troubled soul does not find rest and peace—if here the voice of the prodigal is not heard saying, Father, I have sinned'—if hoe the hearts of the contrite ones are not revived and bksaed. God forbid that say Gospel should be preached here which shall not go down with its Divine remedy to the roots of man's need — which staJl ~>t reveal to him in his sin and wretchedness the Christ of God, the Christ in carnate, crucified, risen, and ever living to save. I trust that for generations to come the troth as it is in Jesus will be proclaimed here in its simplicity and in its fulness—for simple enough is it to meet the requirements of the humblest and most niH^rate, and foil and deep enough is it to satisfy the soul of the pro foandest philosopher, if while a great 'man in understanding' he is also 'a child in malice' and in heart. We have no reason to apprehend that amid the remarkable development* of the present day, and the foreshadowed develop ments of the future, the everlasting Gospel will be outstripped and left behind, an tn«??i-??t-r tiling of the put. it is «tin y Mug, and was never more vigorous; and we have a strong persuasion that if the preacher of the Gospel were op to bis vocation, be would be found in the ran of all true progress, and would baflin his Blaster's sou every light of pbOoaopby, and every discovery of science, being amazed that all truth, as well as all grace, centres in the fulness of Him by whom aS things were made, and by whom all things consist. BeferrJnfe wpia tor a, idoumbU to the mutual relations and mutual depend—w of worship and teaching, history has its lissaii to read to u? on tiuswbject.Oaetf these lemons the parity sad apmtasHl? of worship. It has been observed by a wise man JBBOBg as, Oat 'Every age distinguished by aa -*«*■«■—^ and earnest Christianity has been aa age no less distinguished by an enbghteaed and earnest preaching of the Gospel. In ages of superstition forms are raised into the place of instruction; in agea of piety iMtmtk* fa raited into the place of forms. Separate from last. It is only when allied with evangelical' instruction that such things are assigned to their proper place, and used to their proper end. The mission of the Gospel is a missiom to instruct and edify; but to instruct and edify is a service pertaining to the preacher and not to the ritualist,. The end of religion way be worship, but the means to that end is instruction, and in struction mainly by preaching.' Such words deserve a bearing in view of certain ecclesiastical developments of our day. The revival and ex - tension of ritualism in churches of the Protes tant designation is one of the gravest, and, as we think, most humiliating facts in the reli gion of our day. It has been argued that this ritualistic revival is but the offspring of an architectural revival; that the revivers of Gothic art in ecclesiastical structures opened the door to the Ritualists, and bade them enter. In other words, that a high Ritual worship, with all its ornate and costly appurtenances, is but the natural and necessary result of the revival of a better taste and feeling in our church architecture. It would not he difficult to establish a connection between any two things associated with religion; but that the connection between the arebuee tanlaadthe ritual in. this case in lifilinj connection, we fail to perceive. Because some degree of the aesthetic is appropriate aad desir able in the externals of worship, it does not follow that there may aot he ridiculous excesses and mischievous applications of it. I trust we need not assure our friends that in taking pos session of this Gothic buflding, we are not con- scioas of any secret proclivity towards an en larged ritual; nor are we apprehensive that any thing that meets the eye in das place is likely to seduce us in the least degree tram the Con gregational simplicity of our worship. We cherish a high regard for the Church of England —the old Church of our native land—and we should not be ashamed to imitate her in any thing that seemed to us good; but with that ritualistic movement, involving as it clearly does a large increase of the priestly element, we have no sympathy. To our eye it is a wholly retrograde movement, pointing to the dark ness of the middle ages. We can see nothing good in it, nothing indifferent, except it may be regarded as a confession of weakness nad want. Some zealous participants in the move ment have pleaded in its favor that they could not interest and attract the people by public teaching and the observances of a simple wor ship, and that therefore the ritual and the symbolic were put in requisition. By those the people are interested, as evidenced by the crowds who frequent the high ritual churches, while other churches near, who follow in the old path, are well nigh deserted. But we seriously ask what is the value of the interest thas ex cited? Is it not of a very low type ? Are men really bettered by these ceremonials? It would ill-become us, on the present occasion,to violate that charity which thinketh no evil, which hopeth all things;but we find if difficult to divest our mind of the notion that amid the Christian light of our time those high ritual performances in which vestments and attitudes are such conspi cuons features, look very like playing at religion. We are, indeed, assured that the Ritualists are eminently characterised by earnestness; still, to our eye, it looks remarkably like the earnest nesss of children at their play. Is it the sanest ness of men who are really seeking to make their fellow men better by means adapted to effect it?—means adapted to «^it*f«- the mind, to improve the heart, to ojuiekaa the moral sensmOities, to elevste aad transform the character, toaavethe soul? Let any thoughtful man who hasbeen an eye-w?tness.«rbnlr amenta! observe! of one of these high ritual services, tarn away aad look into his New testament and read one of Paul's Epistles, or oar Lords sermon on the Mount, and wfll he not find him self breathing a very diSerent atmosphere nai attending to a very different kind of teaching? How little v there in the life and teaching of Christ on which a fabric of ritaaasm could be based? How few are His words respecting the two simple ordinances of His appointment— baptism and the Lord's Supper? But bow fre quent and strong was Hk condemnation of the prevailing ritnsham of His day! Theritaanstie Pharisee was Christ's greatest human foe, aad against him and bis ritaahsm the aUoageat in dunaxion of the Holy One was directed. In this Church our desire wffl be to adhere to the Christian ritaal in its simplest form. We recognise no priesthood save that of Jesus and the common priesthood of all the saints. We believe in no mystic efficacy of rites and sacraments. We are all brethren worshipping only the one living God, trusting only in the one y^li.tf-- and looking for all spiritual results through the operation of the one Blessed Spirit, it is known to aS present that the Church which we thus set apart for wouhip and for the proclamation of the Gospel is also de signed to be a memorial of our departed and reverend friend Mr. Stow. It is now nearly five years since he finished his course, and entered Into rest; but though dead he yet speaketh. U?? f«mil?r to us are bis form and features- and sayings, and long will it be ere these «haU Ue effaced from our minds. The erection of such a memorial is a work asnrtioimd by the piety and jtifr>|i;g«nr? of all times. The godly Hebrews of ?~i<«.? times freqnentlr put up their memo rial atones. They raised monumental objects to perpetuate the memory of the Divine goodness to them at special times and places, that the past might often be recalled for the purposes ut piety and devotion. And let it not be supposed that by this memorial we are aiming merely at the exaltation of the human. We desire to glorify tiod in man. We recognise the gifts and excellencies with which God endowed our departed friend for the benefit of the Church and the colony. We perpetuate the memory of the J>ivine goodness in having sent to this land one bo eminently fitted for the position and circumstances in which lie was placed. We express in a visible and per manent form our gratitude for all the good that was accomplished through his instrumentality. When our children and our children's childien shall ask their fathers in time to come what mean these stones?—why is the bonding thas designated ?—then they Bhall answer: Thus and thus has God dealt with our people in the past. But I must bring my remarks to a dose. In an address given on an occasion like the present, the opening of {a church for the use of a par ticular denomination of Christians, |it is but natural that the denominational element should protrude itself somewhat prominently. But I would take the opportunity, as the minister and the representative of the people who shall 1 worship here, to assure oar friends connected with other sections of ihe Christian Church, i that we earnestly desire to cherish not only good will but brotherly kindness toward all the mem bers of the body of Christ We thank oar | friends of other churches and denominations for their kindly sympathy in the undertaking which is thus brought to a completion. We thank them for the evidence of their m. patby by their presence to-night. And our earnest prayer is, that our common Lord aad Saviour may be exalted, that our common faith may prevail, and that the land of our adaption, so highly favored in the providence of God, may become diwtingniihfd for aQ that is good, and noble, and great. One word more in conduston ; and I wish to say it especially to the members ofonr own congregation. We are assembled, my brethren,forthe first time in a building dedicated to God's worship. I*4 as solemnly ask ourselves -*re we now, and shall we be, if permitted to -"S*"***" MMbuiT, m* wxwkippen, as the Father seeketh to worship Him? We may have mo^todo with the worship of God outwardly, and yet have no more part in the reality of that worship than has the building inwhiefa we Jjeet We believe thatwhfam these wa?s ***** **>? "■? ?P «a«?try and progressively, through the mmistry of the tnrthTand by the E2Z? J*^ I*li™t' * "P?n*n*l house—a bmjding of God, composed of lively stones and resting on the foundations of the Anosdes and prophets, Christ himself being theduef comer-atone. Vet as see that we are incorpo rated with that building Get m dreadtiw thought of being the mere scaffolding as it were of the sjHnUal temple, hanng only . temporary connexion with it, to be paged down and cast away when the work is nmabed. Oh th?t all who shall assemble here may find themselves built into God's living and ever lasting tempi*, whose foundations no changes can effect, whose beauty no lapse of time can impair, and which shall appear in tta foil grandeur when a]] earthly aUuctuifs have perished." The address was listened to with the most proftmd attention, ana at the dose a coUectioa was made. The service terminating with Smiptme reading aad fmyer, and the benedic tion by the Bey. A. Bigg. SCNDAF SEBVICEi On Sunday, April 14, the opening sera>on« were preached. The morning service was con ducted by the Bey. A. H. Henderson, of Hel bourne. formerly of daremonl Chapel, London, and after worship the rev. gcntkmkn •etofed as the hasif of Ins diseoarse, the following words from Isaiah, 57th chap. 19th vase : "For ttau saith the hjga aad lofty One that inhaMteth eternity, whose name is Holy; I dwell in the high and holy place, with Him also that is of a contrite and humble «pirit, to revive the spirit of the humble, aad to re vive the heart of the contrite ones.'- Mr. Henderson, in his exordium, referred to the time end areunctsMs «naer which Ibe s. time when the wicked Uar Hsnassi li naviar departed from the ways efms father, reared the altars of a shtmHem idolatry throughout the ■aad, aad -«fasa the people woe alterlydegeae rate and debased. TJmVeins the Ropnethad tocawwahsaansluinUag h—d. He told them tint Jehovah would peurout ins anger •pan them, aad that Us fearful desolations •WattMlfcglfcav* ao bope. he attend the words of dome nmisnlsliiM in the text, wtaeb wfage exhibiting the majesty of the hviae GooTslso prcsnted saaapeet of His wonliwaiomdfsnfiissna, Wviag sAdne?a, and saerey- These topics would occupy their attea taonthat pjiwains, —lst. The Majesry of God; 2nd. His CTwVsfrarms, awcf^Brferrine to ''"J'Z&ZrZ;**** ?• Oe« a. "Tfaebgh and lofty One," as the siga by which the «sV pfaetsset forth the iafiofeeperfeetioii of Cod and His Gorenmc?t «f dlimmp; bt n> enifi to rwmkthtt tke Bei-« wk? was tU fount of alt aemgseadof anaetCeetiaa,anua faaasslfteia?aiteV|N>f tasa of power, fas^sMsagh He fcad spread the fciaiiinsasa. curtain, sad created the mfimte worlds of apace, these were tat partioas IL WV- ** *** fc^"i *«** out the wide crastua they asw fiSs per fectiaa of wisdom; ia the a. hesveaa aad the m^lilj orbs which trasntfd space; ia the regularity «f thcar movemeats and the laws which had guided them since they were first set «a their coarse ; in the |«simu <*s™wth,de?y,disscjh?aaa,aa*r^m^Brtk^ and in the woadroas ads|iNtist. of all these to the pradaetioa of evea the tiniest flowers at their feet aad in the Bmvcrm! joyoasaess of nature. His majesty was shown, too, ia that HefaadthegoversaaesAofsllliei?gs. However «?Had MusAja&t; be •bore hu fejknn, fau by the word of God. These creatures of dark nem who had disobeyed His will were east down and bound ia everlasting chams; aad those spotless brings in Heaven, the mightiest poten tate* who stood before the Throne, rendered their loftiest hossage to God. The next expres sion in the text was equally striking—" that inhiHteih eternity." God's eternity was im pressed upon them by the Scripture ststemfats with greater t ore than almost any ether tntb, «aa resmbrauffat precisely the aaaut testimony nsspeetiag it, EverytJuag oa the earth bore the mark of having been produced; aad thi* earned them ap to the Fiat Cause, himself tion that He mast be self-exist***, and eternally existent. The eternity of God was one of the ultimate tacts of the reason of man, and it was atterrrimpoaaUeCar man ever to blot it out froathe?eartofhuithiakinK. Haviag dwelt somewhat further on the eternity of God, he passed oa to the consideration of the holiness of God, " whose name is faoty." This attribute was frequent!; ascribed to Him in SeiiiiUue, but in addition to tins, mnrinw - God's viee gereat in man—the long tine of history, and the glorious revelations of Isatafa and of the Apoca lypse, bore the same testimony. The dwefbng- BbnofGauwVMrtcmdetni. "I«wFui thetngh and horyptace," sad some of thetfaeories which hadheeaputforward respecting il, wcrere- Cerredto. Butalthooghfaedw^tinthe'idghand holy place.'- he dwelt also •' with Hiawbois of a nmtnte said humble spirit," This, then, tevealsd to them God's condescending mercy. The rev. gentleman spoke very dooucatly upon Uu? pcaut. snowing how, although God could have ao sympathy with am, he was naiiliamiiliiM. enough to receive the chief of sinners, if they were humble, contrite, and penitent, aad that, if in this spirit they came to him "he would revrre the spirit of the baanle, aad revive the heart of the contrite ones." Before donaf he arged them, as they now dedirstrd that new ChurchtoGod, to work heartily aad unitedly inHiscanse. That house was nothing unfed He himself should inhabit it, and he therefore exhorted them to any that this neat end might be achieved; that ia that ptaee God's goings forth aright be seen, aad that many im martaleoafem^ktirouxlitato fab fold. In -—1«-^— he appealed to the liberality aad Ceaenmnyof the congregation, to aid by their gifts in removing from the building the debt which was attached to it, and dins make the dedk?tU?ef this aew house of prayer more ac ceptable to Him to whose service it was dedirOed. In the afternoon the Bey. I. Jefferis, LL.B., officiated, and preached from Gahtiaaa, sth chapter Ist vane, " Stand fast therefore in the Hberty whewilh Christ hath made as free, aad he aot cataagled agaia with the yoke of bondage." After referring to these sernc appropriately aeesan?s?ymc the dedication of a aeVhaaaetoGed, be auTthat sachoceasians bad always liiui itsmti aprrisTly fittett for the assertion of the great aad distinct principles of raiiistiaaiH. It was aatanl at aucb. time to aak for what i>arpo?e they bad isaaill d, why was this twOdiag erected, what worship would be ceUbratcd then, what doetria>a b> taagbt withm those walls f He purposed that after noon to direct their attention to a atoremeatof great matailnil? which was taking place among tmtCbmtma* of Eagknd; be referred to the Bitaabatic movemeat. bat he oVoaU aot do ao ia any sectarian spirit, or with any controversial aim, than which there was nothing he more intensely bated. He then referred to the rise of iHaalmai widen the pale of die National Church of Enfr-^L remarkiac that a move mail coaateajsw^Ws this was by a Church, endowed with the'elerincv of the wealthy, exercising almost compsste control over the two oeat English L'arveratiea, coald not take place without exerting a mighty iiiflamrr apon Eag iand and npon Cnristeadaai atmnje- He then proceeded to draw a parallel between the Chinch at Galatia at the time when Paal wrote and the Church of Britain attheisiaim day. Shortly after Paul had established the Church at Gala tia the fervor of his converts began to decline, and they loagod for the material aad symbolical worship of their fathers. The present ritualistic movement had points of similarity with the eon dituo of the Galatiaa Church. The two great signs of the tinu-s, as far as be hs4 been able to read them, were—the spirit of association with iU liberty, aad the bunchy with its tyranny. After a period of deep proctntioa the priest dom ; aad there were two chief modification* of this spuitaal despotism—tyranny of that which was outward over the senses sad the imagroi tion—this was ?i*n.K— proper; and tike tyr anny of the human will acting upon mind and heart -which was Ritualism in its effects. He then proceeded to discuss these tapes. Ritual ism, he said, demanded the magnificent service of the mediaeval Church, in which everything should be ornate and gorgeous, and stately ; and the arguments advanced in favor of it were—that it was authorised by Scrip ture, that it was based upon the practice of the ancient Church, and that it was emi nently calculated to impress for good the masses of the people. He denied that Scripture—the Gospels and Epistles especially, justified Ritualism, and he condemned the idea of re verting to old institutions long since defunct. On the third point he asked whether the means adopted by the ritualists would succeed in their object in instructing the masses He had often stood in the magnificent cathedrals of Europe, andhehadfeltareverential aweaad atamultuous passion by tarns, bat emotions of sentiment coald not inform the mind or teach the heart. Nor did the results of ritualistic worship bear out the assertion put forward that ritualism alone was calculated to instruct the main, tret Borne witness. There sacerdotal splendor flourished, aad there was not a n.ore benighted or ignorant population in Europe than in Borne. Bat a heavier charge against the ritualistic theology was that it advocated a system which was nothing less than a code of spiritual tyranny ; the priesthood being set up over the individual will and heart, History showed that the despotism of ministers of religion was greitly to be dreaded, and hence religious despotism needed to be checked in its very beginnings. This despotism made the clergyman a priest, bade him minister at an altar, and offer the very body and very blood of the Divine Victim; charges him to pronounce the baptised regenerate ; places him vi the confessional to probe the deep secrets of the human soul; entrusts him with the awful power of absolution. Wts he wrong in calling this spiritual despotism, or denouncing it as high treason? Did their spiritual guides ask them to submit to anything like this ? A mighty majority stood forth to say '•No;" in the name of God and [of truth, eter nally, "No;" and across the ages, the voice of the great Apostle came like the sound of a trumpet, " Stand fast in the evil day; stand fast in the liberty wherewith Christ has made us free, and be not entangled again with the yoke of bondage." But was there any real cause for alarm that British Chistianity would go away into heresy on the one hand, or superstition on the other ? He had confidence in the English nation as a Bible reading and Bible loving people, and he had confidence, too, iutbe simple, straight forward common sense of his fellow-subjects to think they would not be easily duped by the subtleties of philosophers or of reunions pro fessors. Their fathers had poured out their hest blood in the cause of religious freedom, and they should seek to secure for their children what they themselves now enjoyed. The rev. gen tleman, in closing, thus referred to the reverend minister to whose memory the church was built: —" My brethren, we honor to- day, with such reverence as we are permitted to render to a fellow mortal, a great and gifted man. This church is a memorial of bis piety and of his work. But a nobler monument is reared to the name of Thomas Quinton Stow. He was the foremost champion of Religious Liberty in this province; his name is written largely on our religious institutions. Chiefly to him, under God, is it due that the churches of this hind were so early emancipated from State control. Throughout his career as a minister for Christ he contended for liberty in all its forms and against all its foes. He rests from his labors aud bis works do follow him ; bis faith, fully considering the end of his conversa tion, Jesus Christ the same yesterday, to-day, and for ever. And this day is our hope. We look to Christ as our Saviour; we regard His Gospel as the charter of freedom. We pray for His spirit to lead us into all truth ; and come what will let us hold fast our profession, aud with loyalty to our deliberately formed convic tions—not mere opinions picked up at random —let us contend against everything in the Church which He has not sanctioned and blessed. His voice will encourage us; His hand alone shall lead up. We trust to Him as our priest, we obey Him as our prophet, we re verence Him as our king, and joyfully we look forward to the time when all the kingdoms of this world shall become the kingdoms of Christ, until that brightest manifestation of His sove reignty, when he shall come in the clouds of heaven with power and with great glory." The evening service was conducted by the Rev. Mr. Henderson. The Church was densely crowded on the occasion—not only were all the seats occupied, but many persons stood through out the service, and the porticos were occupied by numbers who failed to get inside the build ing. Mr. Henderson preached from Ist John, sth chap., 11th and I2th verses:—" This U the record that God hath given tons, eternal life, and this life is in His Son. He that hath the Son hath life, and be that bath not the Son of God hath not life." The rev. gentleman, in opening, referred to the three testimonies given in this chapter to the important truth that Jesus Chnst was born of God—the Spirit, the water, and the blood. The testimony of the water he took to be the baptism of Jesus by John. The baptism of John was a baptism of repentance; but Christ had no sin, therefore he needed no repentance, and the rite, so far as his person was concerned, was unnecessary and false; but in bis character as representative of sinners, baptism was suitable and proper, for by this first act he identified himself with man's position. "The blood " brought to them the other part of His mediatorial work, and the tes timony of the spirit was the medium by which conviction was brought into the heart of a Divine Redeemer, and so long as there re mained a sinner to be convinced and brought to the knowledge of Christ, so long would these three testimonies be of value. He then proceeded to draw the attention of his hearers to three things—first, the gift of God here recorded; second, the medium through which the gift is bestowed upon us; and, third, the relation of different classes to it The gift recorded was eternal life, and the preacher dwelt with great fervor upon this topic, explain ing the meaning of "eternal life," which, he said, was tbe forgiveness of sin. He alluded to the various departments into which life was classified—into animals intellectual, moral, and religious life, showing bow life, to be valuable, must be religious life ; and to be saving, must !>e eternal. He drew a contrast between tbe spiritual deadness of Saul of Tarsus, John Banyan, John Newton, and Thomas Chalmers, in their earlier days, and the religious life which they afterwards lived ; showing how tbe same burning zeal and earnestness of purpose which characterised them in their sin were brought to bear for good when their hearts had been touched by the love of Christ and their whole lives devoted to His cause. This life, although eternal, would not be substan tially different from what it wax upon the earth; it would only change in the conditions and circumstances through which it passed. On tbe second head (the medium through which this gift was bestowed) he said this life was given unto us through Christ, and was revealed unto us in the life and death and resurrection of tbe Saviour. With regard to the mediation of Christ, there were men who rejected the doctrine of Christ's mediation alto gether, and in reply he proceeded to point out bow thoroughly and fully tbe principle of mediation was shown in human life and human society, remarking thai there was not a single blessing which we enjoyed that did not come through mediation ; and that whilst this work of mediation harmonised with the general principles of nature, it infinitely superseded them aIL He dwelt earnestly upon the last topic of his discourse (the relation of this gift to different classes) showing that whOe those who had the Son had life, those also who believed not the Son had not life, and pressing home the solemn truth upon their hearts, and entreating them fondly and earnestly to flee from the wrath of God, and close with tbe wondrously loving offers which He had made. He hoped it would be well that they had spent that hour together, and might that service in after time be thought of with pleasure by aIL The rev. gentleman's sermon occupied an hour and 20 minutes in de- > livery, and was most attentively listened to throughout On each occasion collections were made. THE LECTURE. On Monday evening, April 15, the Rev. Mr. Henderson lectured in the new Church in aid of the Building Fund, when there were about 500 persons present. Prayer having been offered by the Rev. Mr. Mead, Mr. Thomas Graves presided, and in intro ducing the lecturer, said in February, 18C5, the Rev. Sir. Graham delivered a lecture, and he was then called upon to preside also. At that time they had a great work before them, as they contemplated erecting a noble place for the worship of God, and also to the niemoiy of a name which was dear to most of them. He trusted that they were not disappointed. He knew some friends considered that that building was too costly and good, and others thought it too ornamental. He could not, however, agree with these views. As a house for the worship of God it could not be too good ; nor could any thing to commemorate the name of Mr. Stow be too good—(hear, hear) —and he felt that although they might have some uphill work to clear off the debt which remained on the build ing, they bad only done their duty, and had perhaps fallen short of their duty. He had taken an interest in that church which had not been surpassed by any one. He trusted that the house built for worship there, would bring many souls to Chrtst. He hoped that health and strength would be given to their dear pastor that he might worship, and give forth the truth as it is in Jesus, and, if 60, instead of that building being too large, they would find it was well filled. He felt indebted to Mr. Henderson for visiting them thus. He called upon him in Melbourne, and was gratified to find that be readily acceded to bis request to come over and open the church, if it met tbe approval of the friends in Adelaide. He was now amongst them, and he trusted that it would not be for the last time, and also that their dear pastor might sometimes be able to visit Melbourne, as he thought he would find this more beneficial to his health than his occasional trips into the country. At the time of the last lecture to which he had referred, it was mentioned as desirable that the ministers of the various colonies should exchange pulpits, bat little had yet been done to carry this out. The solo "Comfort Ye," and the chorus ** And the Glory of the Lord," were then sung. The Rev. Mr. Henderson then commenced his lecture upon " Nature and Man," and for a Bpace of nearly two hours and a-half, he des canted with an eloquence and force which enchained the attention of his hearers through out. It is hardly possible within the limits of a newspaper report, to give even the briefest epitome of his splendid lecture. After referring to the apparent rashness of rushing upon a subject so large and comprehensive, including all the things in Heaven and earth, and under tbe earth, he men tioned a few things for tbe purpose of preventing his audience supposing that he intended to dwell on all these. As a student of truth, he had been led into wide fields of research, and ir the course of his enquiries be had observed a system and harmony in all things. He had"seen that no part was isolated from another part, but that all the parts were related to each other, and formed one universal whole. In this system he had discovered that a final cause existed, and on enquiry as to what being it was in which all these causes found their goal, he discovered that it was a being occupying a pre- eminent position, ant that being was roan—the last creature made by God, and for whom all things had been created. He therefore thought it well to speak pn the subject of nature and man, and mdi ate these relatious, aud show how it was that man stoo.l at the head of them aIL There was another light in which he had l>een led to look at nature in relation to man —Uiat of revelation to him; and just as nature did occupy that position—a certain mediatory relation— awakening certain thoughts, evoking certain principles in the mind, aud leading up to a higher Being, he thought that a discussion upon such subjects as "Nature and Man," and " The Bible and Man" would do something to raise the tone of thought, infusing religiousness into the one, and breadth of liberality in the other. This then was why he lectured on the first of these subjects. He would not be expected to deliver anything in the form of a natural theology, for he would take it for granted that all present held the conviction that there was a God. He hoped also that he should not be expected very rigidly to define his subjects. Definitions had puzzled the philosophers of all time, and the old Greeks 'and Romans understood by the term nature, something which was ever produ cing and beiug produced, never perfect and completed. He could not either define man, but be would furnish them with some of the definitions which had been given on this subject. He alluded to some of the definitions of man which bad l>een given, such as a laughing animal, tool-using animal; but he said these terms, as with nature, failed to condense into one sentence all the characteristics belonging to him. Nevertheless, however, they knew what was included in the terms nature and man, although unable to define them. They meant simply that collection of forms and impersonal powers surrounding and belonging to man, and he should ask them to occupy a position just where these things met and touched each other. He should then speak to them of the relation of nature to man physically, intellectually, aesthetically, and religiously. Upon the first head, he said no creature was so grand and majestic as man, notwithstanding his inferiority in size to some animals, but he was composed of no rare elements, but simply of the dust of the earth. And here was wisdom ; for if he were made of Elements exceedingly rare how would it be possible for so many of these works of God's hands to exist. Looking at it physic ally all things in nature sustained an intimate relation to him. The earth, for instance, was re lated to man in its size. The law of gravitation ever attracted in measure of its weight and density. Take vegetation for ins<anee. Let the gravitating power of the earth he increased and the mechanical power of plants remain as at present, and there would be no power to send up the sap. On the other hand, if the gravitating power was lessened, and the vital power of plants unaltered, they would send up the sap with too much vigor and destroy their own purposes. Then look at the earth's relation to the motion and respiration of man. If the earth were as large as Jupiter, the attractive power would be 11 times greater than at present, and man would be a kind of crawlirg animal, and every motion would be accompanied with great pain; and if the attractive power were less than at present, there would be a want of that force, drawing him to the centre, and he would not fed firmly planted on the earth. So with the atmos phere. If it were denser every breath that was drawn would give pain to the creature. As far, too, as they were able to judge the earth occupied the best position for light and heat. Think of its complex motions—its motion round the sun within the course of the year giving the variety of the seasons—its motion rouiid its own axis giving day and night. What advantage were these motions in their relation to the vegetable kingdom ? Take, for instance, the seasons. Nature required all these. She wanted winter for rest and conso lidation ; spring for revivification; summer for putting forth her flower and maturing vigor; and autumn to bring forth the matured fruit. Take away the seasons or any of them, and to that extent they would destroy the rruit bearing trees. The present economy of the globe was the only one suited to the existence of man. Let them cany thought back to the early time when the earth first permanently assumed the spherical form—when it was heaving with volcanic throes—when the solitude and silence, were broken only by the thundering bursts from some new volcano. Man could uot have lived then in that intense heat. Come up through the ages to the carboniferous period, and see if man could have lived then. True, the earth had never been arrayed in a more beautiful robe than at that time, but the very name of the age showed that the atmosphere was composed of carbonic add gas, which was destructive to life. Look at another period— the secondary oolitic age, when the gigantic ictbyosanrns, megiosaurus, and those other monsters of fearful shape lived upon the earth, and it would be seen that it would have re quired a condition physical and mental wholly different to what man now possessed. So it was that in no period back along the whole line of the ages did they find a condition of the earth suitable to the existence cf man until that in which he now livid. Bat they must uot think that these past ages had no relation to them. They were indebted to the carboniferous period for their granite, their porphyry, their slate, their diamond, their coaL The oolitic age gave them their limestone, which were the remains of the life and death of the creatures which flourished then. Those volcanic forces to which he had referred were making de posits of iron and of other mineral treasures which brought such wealth to man, and giving beauty to the earth by the upheaval of the mighty mountain*. Let no one, then, speak irreverently of the science of geology which re vealed all the wondrous preparations of God for the coining man, but rather let them fall in prostrate adoration before Him who, from the foundations of the world, had been making ready for his happiness. (Cheers.) He then proceeded in thought below the surface of the earth, revealing the riches of the mineral king dom and their wondrous adaptation of its pro ducts to the use of man—the stone for their buildings, the marble for their scnlptnre, the coal for their houses and ships, and the thou sand other uses to which it was put; the diamond, too, and glass which, though not a mineral product, was produced by man out of the materials provided. Who should speak of the comfort it afforded in their dwellings, or the revelations of the heaven which it made to the astronomer? How valuable, too, was gold and silver for their coins and medals, furniture and ornaments; but more precious even than gold, or silver, or copper, was iron, which, by its malleability, ductility, and fusi bility, was so eminently suited to the uses of man, and without which the race must sink to barbarism. Quicksilver, too—the only metal which was in a liquid stale—wan precious to uian, for without it the balouiet r aud ther mometer, .with all theu- incalculable benefits, would be without use to him. Coming up to the vegetable and animal creation, he said it was hers that they derived all their food and clothing, without which all the rest would be useless. Look at the cereals and the esculents affording food to man; the cocoanut, the tea plant, the vine, affording drink to him; the flax and the cotton giving him his clothing; the magnificent trees of the forest forming his houses. This was the ministry of the vegetable creation to man, and then there was the ministry of the animal creation too. It was not needful to speak of the domestic animals—the ox, the swine, the sheep, which supplied the food of man ; of the noble horse, which ran by his fleet ness die errands of man, which bent by his docility to the will of a child, which carried by his courage the warrior to the resistless charge. Nor was it necessary to dwell upon the dog, that constant faithful guardian of bis master's property, that unbnbed and incorruptible friend —for he could not do these themes justice. There was one thing, too, in the relation of ve getables and animals to man which he could not pass, namely, the distribution of these in various parts of the earth. This distribution was very singular, being suited to the precise wants of man. In the South Sea Islands and in the Indies the cocoanut afforded food and clothing and materials for the dwellings of man. In South America, too, there was the date-tree, which was said to afford wine, oil, vinegar, and clothing. Such plants belonged to specific parts of the globe, and rendered their own essential services there. And so with animals. In the north there were the whale and the seal, which gave oil and warmth to man there; and the musk-ox and reindeer, which supplied him with food and with furs; these latter animals being able to feed on the scanty vegetation to be found in the snow. If they looked over the broad temperate zone, they would see the ox, the ass, the horse pre pared for via n, but where sandy deserts stretched intcrminal ly, there was the camel, with special organization for work in that climate. Having glanced at the universal diffusion of the dog, referring to the v<iriely of ways iv which it had proved faithful and serviceable to man, he turned to the consideration of water, of the pe cnliar value of which they were, he said, all aware. It entered into all things necessary for life, and, however much it might be questioned, it constituted three-fourths of the human body. He spoke of its utility domestically—liow it assisted the fertility of the soil—how in the shape of rivers, it became the boundaries of nations, and facilitated commerce, and how on the ocean it temporised the heat, purified the atmo sphere, and formed the great highway between one country and another, thus enabling the interchange of products. He explained the different processes of the con densation, expansion, and evaporation of water, showing how each and all aided in the general design of sustaining life. Passing from the sub-: ject of water, he spoke of the atmosphere, which he stated was composed of 21 parts of oxygen and 79 parts of nitrogen and some other gases. He lucidly showed what mischief the increase or diminution of these proportions would effect, and described their wonderful adaptation one with the other in the sustenance of animal and vegetable life. Alluding to light, he dwelt in eloquent terms upon its marvellous ministra tions to the being and well-being of man. It woke his faculties to vigor and joy ; it guided him in bis course through the day ; it exhibited to him scenes of loveliness and grandeur; it re vealed to him the smile of friendship and the witching charm of beauty; and, without the slightest exaggeration, it might be said it painted the lily and perfumed the violet. He referred to the weight of air, and stated how many tons of it were pressed upon man, which pressure was counterbalanced by the vital forces within him. He depicted in poetic language the use and blessings of air iv motion, from tbe, gale that shook a continent to the gentle zephyr that fanned the cheek of the invalid; and then passed ou to the consideration of man viewed intellectually, liapidly and suc cinctly he traced the first glimmerings of sci ence as developed iv the primeval races, anil coming down to the time of the ancient GrecUus, he said it was amongst these that the first true thought of scientific order was found. He referred to the first philosopher of Greece, who predicted an eclipse of the sun, and who handed down the idea that water was the first cause of all things as a thought for succeeding ages. Then came Anayiinenea, who carried his investigations still further, and determined that air was the first cause of things. Follow ing him was Diogenes, who came to the con clusion that the earth was a great auimal; and he was succeeded by Anaxenor of Miletus, j with whom the Infinite was the original prin ciple of things. Pythagoras was the next, and he stood before them as one of the most gigantic shadows of antiquity. This thinker gave it forth that numbers were the principle of all things, and things were but the shadows of numbers—a thought, the lecturer said, of the most pervasive character. Then cune Zeno pbanes, the believer iv one God, infinite and perfect in power, in goodness, and wisdom. After mentioning a few others, with the theories they left behind them, he spoke of that wonderful man Socrates, whose sharp interrogations put an end to all scheming on this subject. Socrates was not a student of nature. He went twice only out of the City of Athens—once when he went forth as a soldier, and succeeded in doing deeds that appalled an army, and once when he was led backwards out of it by a wit, one of his students. Wherever there was a man who thought he bad wisdom, and who announced his intention of making it publicly known, there Socrates might be found, with keen eye watch ing and lips ready to question, and show the speaker that be knew nothing. Socrates him self professed to no great attainments. He was always saying —" I know nothing;" and yet men shrank before him, knowing bow he could expose their ignorance. It had been Baid tbat Socrates had brought down philosophy from heaven to earth, and this was achieved by his leading mcv to look within and regard tilings instead of words. Plato, one of his pupils, had left behind, in his inimitable dialogues, spec! mens of his master's questions, and had adorned them with comments and remarks of bis own grand views and ideas, which empha tically made the work one of the highest efforts of human thought. Plato, how ever, was not a student of nature. It was to the immortal Aristotle that they must look as nature's student—a man of such marvellous industry that he seemed to comprise within himself at least a hundred men —a man who had studied nearly every science and brought it to a state of perfection not previously known—a man from whom be, the lecturer, had gained not a little of the information of that which preceded his time. His tieatise on animals proved bis accuracy of observation, and bis classification was really wonderful, considering the appliances at his command. He had left an enduring name, for the world lay under tribute to him for a period of 2,000 years. Hastily aUudingtotbeelderPliny,iHeparcus,and others, he came down to the great Bacon, who, he said, dashed to earth all the f«H««i«? that had gone before him Since his time thousands had undertaken the study of nature and endea vored to expose his secret; and coming down to their own present position, if they wanted to know the authorities upon physical science he would point to Sir John Herschell, John Stuart Mill,a nd many others; or if they wanted to study astronomy he could recom mend the works of Hynde, Herschell, and Pro fessor NicholL, whose thoughts upon this sublime subject reached the very throne of the Eternal In geology, he would urge them to peruse the writings of bis own master, Sir Charles Lyell, whose opinions upon the origin of species had he hoped now turned to more reasonable ones than those laid down in bis " Atiquity of Man." He could also commend the works of Sir E. Murchison, Hugh Miller, Dana, fand Cedric, from all of whom in this field of science they would gain information aud profit. When he saw young men loitering about at the "Old Curiosity Shop," and wasting their precious time upon such like productions, while wealth inexhaustible lay at their feet unheeded, he was pained at heart; and he urged those present to turn from such trifling and learn to contemplate the works of God as displayed in His wonderful operations throughout nature. (Cheers.) After a humorous allusion to Darwin and Huxley, and a word or two npon the injurious tendency of their works, which instead of leading them to regard man as the highest creation on earth, placed him as one of tbe furthest projec tions of God's wisdom and power, be pro ceeded to refer to Pythagoras's grand thought about numbers, and to show how it pervaded everything. If they took the elements of che micals, or looked at crystals, or flowers, or light, or heat, they would find this principle of num bers and geometric forms pervading each and aIL In chemistry tbey could not make the ele ments combine as they wished; there must be so many grains. Then, with regard to ciystals, there were so many numbers of sides; and if they investigated the vegetable kingdom, they would find the numbers 3, 5, 7, 10, with their multiples, abounding everywhere. It was so with flowers also; and with respect to light and heat, they were so many vibrations of air and no more. Then, too, the laws of heaven were geometric laws ; for if tbey read they would see that Newton and Galileo made all their grand discoveries by the aid of mathematics. No won der, then, that a great thinker should exclaim " Man carries in bis brain tbe geometry of the world." Numbers governed principles. The reverend gentleman dosed this part of his lec ture by a reference to the uniformity of law, and a quotation from Hooker on the point. He then proceeded to consider nature in its relation to man sstbetically and religiously. After describing the respective functions of imagination and fancy, he conibatted the argu ment that all beauty came to man by associa tion. If so, he said, nature must have been a cheerless blank to Adam until his associations had been formed ; but not so was it, for when the mind comes in contact with external nature emotions of beauty must arise. Who, looking upon the earth, could say that it was not made for beauty? Look at tbe mountains piled op and piercing the clouds, the vast table lands, the illimitable plains, the rolling prairies; look at the gentle undulation of hill and dale; look at its rich and glorious robe of vegetation, and aak were these uot made for beauty T Look, too, at the fretwork of the heavens, at the rain | bow as it euiiled horn the face of the storm cloud— " My heart leaps up when I behold A rainbow in the sky. So was it when my life began, So is it now I am a man, So be it when I shall grow old, Or let me die." And did not the ocean speak in nimil^r language when it rose in furious wrath to dash against the continents, or when again it was spread out in calm beneath the sky—the mirror of the Deity. Yes, nature was made to give man a sensation of beanty, and man rfas madn to receive it. And now be had to touch npon his lart point—Nature as a revelation to man, not as a revelation of God, to man but as a reve lation of man to himself. Nature revealed to man his own littlenesa. He was the highest and fairest part of creation, and yet he was one of the most dependent creatures on the earth. There was not, a clod beneath his feet which he could do without—there was not a plant which was growing but for his use. That very air which was the breath of life to him might waft the miasma which should cause bis death ; the house he lived in might become his tomb; the water he drank might contain the subtle poison which should destroy his life. He stood, Nature's poor pensioner, shuddering in every breeze. And if he stood thus in relation to the earth what was his relation to the heavens? The sun was 1,300.000 times as large as the earth, and if man was but a speck here, what must he be in relation to the sun? Think again that the sun was but the younger brother of million*) of suns throughout space—that the milky way were as nebulae and "sand-banks" of worlds, lying so far away that light transmitted from them occupied 2,000,000 of years in reaching the earth, travel ling at the rate of 12,000,000 of miles a minute. Look again at the discoveries which had been revealed by Lord Rosse's, telescope, through winch he bad the honor of gazing with His Lordship when it was turned upon the heavens only for the second or third time. This tele scope had brought into view worlds from which light occupied 30,000,000 of years in travelling to tbe earth, and ujion these worlds also fell the flooding star-beams of suns still farther away. Oh, it was when they came to look at this that man felt he was as a drop in the bucket, as the mere dust in the balance in comparison with God's vast creation. And yet strange as the parados might seem, that creation exposed his greatness. Andherehe would bring in that truthful sentiment of Pascal, "Man is but a reed, the feeblest in nature, but be is a thinking reed." The power of thought was tbe evidence of man's supremacy. It was the fact that he could contemplate those starry worlds, but tbey could not conteniplate?hiin ; the fact that he could weigh their bodies with instruments of bis own invention; the fact that he could climb from star to star, calculating their orbits and movements, which gave man his grand suprority over them all. He was made only of the dust of the earth, but he had the thinking principle in him; and while he could turn to corruption and say " Thou art my mother," and to the worm and say "Tbou art my brother and sister," he could also turn to the sun, which gave them light and heat, and say ' " The sun is but a globe of fire, A transient meteor in the sky; Tbe soul immortal as his sire Shall never die." But while nature revealed all this to man it was still an inadequate revelation to him. It told him of God, it told of himself; it told of all the things he had tried to point out; bnt what more . Could it tell him how a sinner imght be raised; how the burden of his transgression might be taken away; how bis impure heart might be purified; now his de graded nature might be sanctified and raised to God ? Could it fill up the infinite void in the soul which existed between him and bis Ever lasting Father? Oh, no. It was true that uature had many a panacea, for man. It gave him water to quench his thirat, and the Mind to cool his brow; but never yet had any one seen a message of pardon writteu round the stars. Oh, no. Mature was but tbe outer court of God's great temple. In that outer court there was an altar of sacrifice, but itwasonly when He who is God and man came to present himself on that altar as a sacrifice for human trans- ' gression ; only when the heart of man, passing j through all that belonged to the outer court, pressed to the altar of sacrifice and lay it there on that altar which sanctified the gift; only then was it that he could find true peace; only then have the revelation complete when it met the spiritual one. Nature was tbat by which they rose to this, but nature failed them hero and left man to the grace of the everlasting Father. Might God teach them these things. The r«v. gentleman con cluded amidst loud applause, which greeted him also at intervals during the delivery of his lecture. The Choir then sang' Gloria inExcelsis," after which, Mr. C. H. GoonE proposed a vote of thanks to the lecturer. He remarked that he (bought Mr. Henderson might have defined man as a church and chapel building animal He re joiced that the erection of that noble Church had been the means of inducing Mr. Henderson to come over and open it, and he hoped it vould not be tbe last of liis visits. He thought a federation of the colonies in this respect would do a great deal of good. He congratulated the colonists of Victoria with having induced such a man as Mr. Henderson to come amongst them and instruct their young men to preach forcibly the Gospel of Christ. He wished him very much success in the insti tution over which he had the honor to preside. The Hon. Thos. English seconded tbe motion, remarking that Mr. Henderson had given them a treat, which he thought they would long remember. The motion was carrid by acclamation. The Rev. Mr. Hendebsok thanked them, and remarked that he did not think it within tbe boui:ds of possibility for him to promise to go much about. He was pleased for the expression of sympathy towards the College over which he had the honor of presiding. He urged them not to build a College, for it was a very expensive affair, but he promised that if they would only send their young men to Melbourne they would send them back as good as they could make out of tbe material sent, and charge as little for doing it as they charged their own students. (Laughter and cheers.) He should not forget the kindness of his friend in the chair in asking him to come over, and he was sorry that he was compelled to be back in Melbourne by Sunday next. His heart, however, was drawn towards them, for there was a spirit amongst them of the truest and best character. When Mr. Goode referred to another definition of man, their good pastor whispered to him tbat be hoped they might call him a money getting animal (Laughter.) He, too, trusted that soon that church would be freed from debt, and the whole of their resources spent in the work of the Church. The proceedings were closed by the doxology and benediction. TEA AND PUBLIC MEETINGS. On Tuesday evening tea and public meetings were held in continuation of the opening ser vices. Tea was provided in White's Booms, when about 700 or 800 persons, belonging to neatly all the denominations in the city, sat down. After tea an adjournment was made, for the public meeting, to the church, which was well filled on the occasion. The 229 th hymn, "Let us with a gladsome mind," having been sung, prayer was offered by the Eev. Mr. Maughan. His Honor tbe Chief Justice, who occupied the chair, then said :—lt affords me great gra tification to be privileged to preside over this meeting, and on this occasion, when we have to celebrate the accomplishment of a work long prepared, and the termination of which has been looked forward to. An occasion like the present is one when we are, necessarily almost impelled to look back on the past and to look forward to tbe future. It is one of those resting places, co to speak—and yet not precisely a resting-place; for in one sense there is no rest in our onward progress; but one of those points in our course when we are impelled to look back on the way we have come and to anticipate the course which we have yet to traverse. Looking back, we see a body of Christians who are henceforth to meet for worship in this place. We see them few in number, landing upon the then desert shores of this place, associating themselves together under their able and ener getic pastor, to whose memory this place has been erected. We see them growing with the growth, and increasing with the increase of the colony, gradually spreading themselves into the various portions into which population penetrated, and at the same time remaining a united congregation—the original body for the most part a united congregation around their original pastor. We see a building erected which, when we look at it now in comparison with what we have since done, we can hardly fancy could have been inspired those feelings with which we know it was regarded. It was then thought almost too costly, too elaborate, too large for the wants and resources of the people. And we see them gradually going on, dropping one, and another, and another iv theii course, until the place which at first was thought beyond their requirements, and almost beyond their means, is found to be altogether inadequate; and, stimulated by a desire to erect to their departed pastor some worthy memorial, and stimulated also by a desire to dedicate to the science of God, some more worthy building than that in which they had been accustomed to worship, they formed the purpose of building this place, which is now successfully carried out, and the success of which we meet this evening to celebrate. It is impossible in looking back over the past, not to call to mind many of those whom they loved and valued—loved for their kindly virtue—valued for the services they had rendered to the cause of the Church, and to the cause of mankind ; valued for their love to God and their love to man, but who have dropped out of the path—whom we, so to speak, have left behind, but whose loss we deplore, and whose memory we cherish. We deplore these, but both in the contempla tion of the present and in looking forward to the future, we see their places filled by others, and we trust these will continue to be filled co long as God has work to be done in this world, and in which man man can help as a fellow laborer. And though it may seem in oue sense hard to say it, we must remember that the loss of those who have gone before is the price which we pay for tbepresenceof those by whom we are surrounded, and to whom we listen. Death and life are necessarily connected. One generation suc ceeda another, and there is only room for the suc ceeding generation which comes when the former has passed away. It has been often said, and said truly, that but for the circumstance of every generation being successively removed by death, there would not even be physical space on the surface of the earth for all those who would be born into it. It appears from this consideration that there is a natural necessity for death, and hence in respect to those to whom I have referred, our feelings of regret are softened by the thought that they are not dead, but that they have only gone before; that they have entered into one of those many mansions of heaven which all the teeming tnilliAtm of earth will never suffice to fill. The building of this edifice is a symbol of a union which unites the body of Christians which worships here; but it is a symbol also of the differences, the limits and definitions, so to speak, by which they are separated from other bodies of Christians. Justin the same way as this material edifice brings us together in one body when we meet to worship here, just in tbat way do the professions of faith in which we concur serve as a support of the intellect—a symbol of the common truths which we recognise, and of the particular form in which we hold them. This point of union is sheltered from (he vague thoughts and aspira tions which otherwise would not form a suffi cient resting place, but just as this building, when we are inside cute us off from the external world, so these professions of faith in which we agree are necessary for our union to mark the separation between ourselves and all other bodies of Christians. And it is well tbat we should recognise the importance and value of this. Just as bodies of men meeting for any purpose whatever admit the necessity of a symbol which they should recognise as affordiug common ground on which to meet and establish the foundation of a union which none can dis pute, and which all are bound to recognise, so was it necessary for any body of Christians. While we admit to the fullest extent that we cannot claim to possess the whole of the truth, or even to be absolutely right in those points in which we differ from other bodies of Christians, all creeds necessarily have only a relative value, and there is this character which we almost all bear in common—that those points in which we draw a. line of distinction between the different bodies of Christians are precisely those pouits which every one agree to be of minor importance. Those truths which all Christians hold in common—the truths of the fatherhood of God, the brother hood of men ; the necessity of repentance; the purchase of forgiveness of sins by the blood of Christ—these and kindred truths in which almost Jail bodies of Christians agree, are the central truths of Christianity, and they are those which we sometimes have a tendency to obscure by other circumstances; and in order to form a ground of union for others it is neces sary to draw sjiecific attention to the pouits upon which we differ. We should therefore remember, while we are here claiming for our selves according to our light the right of dif fusing that light, while we are erecting a building that God may be worshipped in the form we believe to be according to truth, and while we are having a Gospel preached in accordance with what we believe to be the mind of the spirit, that there are hundreds of other bodies who, while differing somewhat from us, are urited to a common head ; children of the j common Father, and all brethren in Christ, j (Hear, bear.) And besides this, we should re- i member that there is the blue sky and tbe free air above all, and that although some occupy a ! limited and isolated position, yet it is not pos sible for any one body to feel sure that they' have comprised all in the truths which they ! profess. There may be something else to learn or to be done more than has been learned or done by any one of the bodies or by all of them. We heard a good deal last night of the beauty of light, and the benefit of air in motion. The light of truth, the motion of thought, are equally beneficial, equally necessary. They have their perils as all great natural forces or powers have their perils, but the progress of humanity, the diffusion of truth, the growth of Christian principle, the growth of Christian brotherhood, are indissolubly associated with free thought and with free search for the light of truth. (Loud cheers.) The Rev. C. W. Evan said he merely had to introduce his brethren who should speak that night. He would take that opportunity of say ing that the completion of this building and its occupation for worship were to him the source of great satisfaction and thankfulness. He thought he might say that the idea of erecting a public building of this kind in connection with Mr. Stow's memory, originated with himself. For some time before Mr. Stow's death, the question of erecting a new sanctuary was occasionally mooted and discussed by the Freeman-street congregation. Air. Stow him self expressed a hope that he might see it ac complished ; and when the friends at North Adelaide elected their spacious, and perhaps he might say their beautiful church—for it was beautiful (within—Mr. Stow expressed a hope that that would move the friends of Freeman street to think of something better, and tbat he might be able to help in erecting a church which would cost £10,000. Mr. Stow was taken away, and the people realised more than ever they realised before, the amount of their obligations to God for his long and varied labors for good. (Cheers.) It appeared to him that then was the time to arise and build a me morial church. There was a, prevailing feeling at the time of Mr. Stow's death that some public memorial—somecosHymonument—should be raised to him in the city. With that many amongst us had no sympathy, believing that it would hardly accord with his life and labors as a minister of Christ, and they thought a more fitting memorial would be a church such as he himself desired to be erected, where the old congregation might worship. On the day of Mr. Stow's funeral he expressed this view to one or two gentlemen, and was encouraged by their sympathy to call together a few friends to confer on the matter. At that meeting it was formally resolved to attempt what had now been accomplished. He could not say that he looked back on that meeting with nnmingled pleasure, as the pro mised contributions had not come in as they ought to have done, and they bad been drawn into liabilities far beyond what they at first con templated, for they had already spent upwards of £10,000, and the spire, which was to be the crowning glory of the Church, had yet to be done, and would cost something like £2,000 more. They had received help from die friends of other churches, but not more than they had hoped to receive. Their best friend out of the colony had been the Bey. Thos. Binney, of London, who, at great personal trouble, had collected and forwarded a noble sum. From Tasmania they had one contribution of £100; from New South Wales one or two small dona tions, and a valuable contribution from the ladies of Pitt-street Chapel to the bazaar. From their rich sister Victoria they had received nothing till they received Mr. Henderson, on the prin ciple, he supposed, that Victoria, to do anything moat do something great. (Laughter and cheers.) He wished Mr. Henderson a continuance of health and strength and the realization of his hopes of usefulness in the centre where he was laboring. Theyhad received help from othera, but thebulkof the work had devolved upon them, as, indeed, it deserved to do. The balance against them would have been considerably reduced but for the great commercial depression which had existed in the colony. He expressed bis admiration of the zeal and devotion of the ladies. They had worked hard with their fingers, their tongues—(laughter)—and their pocket?, by bazaars, and sales, and collections, and they had worked with gratifying results. It might seem invidious to make distinctions where all were so devoted, but he could not forbear men tioning what had been done by one lady mem ber of the Church. It occurred to her that she could help the building fund by the manufac ture and sale of little articles of luxury— tomato sauce—andhe had had the pleasure of handingto the Treasurer as the proceeds of that the noble sum of 50 sovereigns. (Loud applause.) He mentioned this in order that Mr. Henderson might carry the fact with him to Melbourne. (Laughter.) He believed with a continuance of such devotion the dtbt would not long be an encumbrance to them. As the building approached completion he could not help asking whether it would do its practical work. Ruskin had said two things were re quired of a building—first, that it would do its practical work; and second, that it would do its practical work gracefully and well. As to the graceful character of that building he had not heard two opinions expressed, and he thought it would do its practical work welL The acoustic properties were exceedingly good—(hear, hear) —notwithstanding that he received many prophetic warnings from his ministerial brethren that he was done as a preacher. He had also seen a news paper report in a London paper, stating that the minister of the] old place would never fill the new church with his voice. He spoke, how ever, now without difficulty, and when the building and himself came to a mutual under standing be thought he should be able to send intelligible sounds to any part of it. (Cheers.) He had, however, never felt mach anxiety on this point, and indeed he could truly say that he had as little ambition in this movement as in any movement in which he had ever taken part. He felt it was a work which needed to be done, and that if he had not physical strength suffi cient to continue the work, others would be found whom God would appoint to do the work. He looked on the erection of that sanctuary as s great thing accomplished for the future, and he was pursnaded that God would by some means carry on his work there. Some friends found fault with them for retaining the pulpit, but he considered it part of the furniture of each a. building as that, and whilst Mr. Henderson had a sense of confinement and restraint in a pulpit, he (Mr. Evan) liked a pulpit, for it gave him a sense of security—(laughter)—and liberty. He expressed his deep thankfulness to his minis terial brethren of his own and other denomina tions, who had kindly consented to take part in the opening services, or had favored them with their presence. A minister remarked to him the other day, that , that ought to be? called the Amen Corner, for ! there were so many places of worship near at hand ; but let them hope that this local asso ciation of the churches was only a. type of what should exist, a prophecy of what should be—a drawing together of all those who loved the Lord Jesus Christ (Applause.) Mr. Thos. Graves, the Treasurer, was called upon to read a financial report. He said the land cost £1,000, and tile first contract for the erection of the church was £7,C50. The second contract for the erection of that portion of the tower as it now stood was £525; tiie pewing, pulpit, platform, fur niture, and other fittings, would be in round numbers, say —£1,000; the erection of sheds, outbuildings, and fencing, would be about £275. Hie architect's commission on £9,000 would be £450, of which he had generously pre sented £100 to the funds. (Cheers.) There were sundries also amounting to about £100, making a total of £10,900. They had received in donations, cash, £6,025; promises out of the colony amounting to about £100. They had a mortgage of £3,000 at 10 per cent., and the balance that they wanted, independent of the mortgage, was £1,775. Out of this they had £22 to their credit in the Bank, and the proceeds of all the opening services. This, however, was not the whole amount they had to spend, for he for one would not be satis fied till the spire was finished, and a dwarf wall and iron palisading put up in front. (Applause.) Those things would cost about £2,000. Some persons thought they were not justified in going to so much expense in building a costly structure, but it would be remembered that they placed in their assets the old place, which they valued at £1,500. They had, how ever, since determined to retain the old place in then- possession. Wishing, however, to make the old place yield something, they had leased the old building to Mr. J. L. Young, for the purposes of his school on a lease for five years, at £150 per annum. This would pay about half of the mortgage, and in addition to this they had the use of the old schoolrooms for the purposes of the Sabbath-school. He alluded to the care and attention and trouble which the Committee, or about 10 or 12 of the Committee, had taken in the building of this Church, reniarkingthat whilst economical they had sought to make that Church as neat and durable as possible, and worthy of the name it bore. (Applause.) The Choir then sang the chorus "Rejoice in the Lord." Tbe Eev. J. Jefferis moved—"That this meeting would devoutly- acknowledge the measure of 'divine blessing vouchsafed to the labors of the Church) since its organization by the Bcv. T. Q. Stow in the year 1837, and would earnestly Jpray that its occupation of this memorial <sanctuary may be the means of eu laiging its usefulness, andadvancingthe interests of our common Christianity." He remarked that the Rev. Ch: lies Manthorpe was to have moved this, but he was unable to attend, owing to domestic bereavement, and he had been called upon to take his place. He was glad of tbe opportunity on that interesting occasion of bearing his public testimony, and offering his public tribute to him whosemeniorywashallowed in all their hearts. He did not think tbat the members and congregation of that Church were more indebted to Mr. Stow than was the Church at North Adelaide, whose representative he was. They told him that for 10 long years, in spite of misgivings and scarcely a single hope, Mr. Stow labored to establish a Christian com munity of their faith and order in North Ade laide. They knew he was successful so far as the commencement of the enterprise was con cerned. He watched over its infancy with a Jealous and a discerning care, and they told him in Sydney, which city he visited shortly after Mr. Stow's death, that it was one of the chiefest consolations of his dying hours that he had been permitted by God to do that work. He there fore thought that Thomas Quinton Stow had two memorial churches in Adelaide. He had intended that night to offer a graceful tribute to his friend Mr. Evan, and tell him that that Church was the most beautiful in the city; but now he wouldn't—(laughter)—because of that ungracious " perhaps" by which he had referred even to the beauty of the interior of the North Adelaide Church. He would simply give them the testimony of Alexander Hay about it, and he was a man in whose judg ment and taste they would rely. Mr. Hay told hint, after a visit to FViffen.l, that he had seen j all (he new Churches .in London, but he found none equal in beauty to his. (Cheers, and laughter.) Perhaps, however, Mr. Evan referred only to the exterior, and there he would yield to him, but when their building was finialnni, and tile topmost stone of die cupola laid, per haps opinions might change, even in respect to which was the most beautiful Chapel in the city. (Hear, hear.) There was one point of beauty about their church which the Stow Me morial Church had not, and that was that it was out of debt, or would be in a month. (Ap plause.) But he must revert to the motion. The mere fact of entering on that beautiful and spacious sanctuary was an indication of pro gress. Those of them who were associated with tbeir departed brother or father, Mr. Stow, when he first came to the colony, might remem ber—as, however, he did not, but he had been told —how in a building abuost of reeds and day they first worshipped God. Then there came that sanctuary that they had now left, which as he had just passed seemed, with all its lights extinct, to be bewailing the past. At the time it was built it was considered a very beautiful sanctuary, but the time came when, on account of Mr. Stow's memory, and on account of tbe interests of the congregation, it became them to arise and build. They had now reared that costly and beautiful edifice, and if he had said any hard things about the Gothic style he was willing now to retract them, or very considerably modify them. (Cheers.) He opposed this style of building, however, fearing that the acoustic properties would not be good, for there were Gothic buildings in the city in which these pro perties were very deficient. There was certainly a good deal of appropriateness in the style of that interior for Christian worship. It reminded one a little of tbe mediaeval sort of worship, but he confessed tbat he liked his interior better than that one—(laughter)—and Mr. Henderson, who was an adherent of the Gothic style, had seen it, and perhaps would say what he thought of it. He had eaid that the entering into that sanctuary was an evidence of progress, bnt it was not by architectural beauty, nor by tbe gathering of imp.?ia? c con gregations, nor even by the multiplication of Church members, tbat the true index of a church's prosperity was to be measured. There was something deeper than all these. He believed tbat Church from tbe commencement had proclaimed to tbe city and province those principles of religious liberty which it behoved them most firmly to ■n«int«ti_ especially now, in tbe presence of the revival of the hierarchical power. (Hear, hear.) Spiritual results had been gathered in. Many had passed away into then- rest who had borne with them into heaven the fruit? of tbe teaching and worship of earth. Progress bad been made even until now, and at no single era of its history had it ever been more prosperous than at present. It became them, especially those belonging to that church and congregation, to acknowledge devoutly the Divine blessing which had been vouchsafed to tbe labors of that church. It was now just 30 years since it was established—the lifetime of a generation—and during tbat period great pro gress had been made. The resolution also prayed tbat the occupation of the memorial sanctuary would be blessed with enlarged use fulness. He trusted and believed it would be so blessed. He hoped that worship, elevated by the highest and truest piety, would con stantantly be maintained there; but this could not be without seeking from on high tbe blessing of God. The spirit of the Lord alone could bless them, and to this they looked. But would the inte rests of their common Christianity be advanced by this new sanctuary ? There was a great deal of sectarianism amongst them. They cried out for their isms, and were perpetually seeking the enlargement of the points of their particular community, too often losing sight of their com mon Christianity. He trusted this would never be tbe case there, but that with broad and com prehensive language the principles of the Bible would be perpetually maintained, and that the teaching which their departed brother Mr. Stow so eloquently maintained during the whole of his life would be constantly expressed there. Might never a. word be uttered from that pulpit which savored of dogmatism. Dogmatism, daughter of darkness, was grandchild of the devil, and its influence needed tobe put far more away from Christian congregations than was the case at present. Rather let them be reverent and humble seekers for tbe truth. He most heartily wished them immeasurable prosperity. The Bey. Jno. GaEDKEB seconded the motion. He expressed his delight at the accomplishment of that great work, for there was in the erec tion of that church a very grateful remem brance of one *ho had passed away. He thought that church well adapted to subserve the ends for which it had been erected. The resolution referred to the past as well as the future, and he was sure that they would agree with him that tbe congregation at Freeman-street had had iff tbe past tbe light and tbe shades. They had had their trials and difficulties, as no oue knew better than their departed friend. He held that the prosperity of a church Aid not consist in the tact that all lie pews were taken, or that all tile news were occupied from Sabbath to Sabbath. There might be all this, and yet there might be no truespiritualprosperityina church. Now, look at the past history of Freeman- street Church. The Gospel had been fully and faithfully preached by him who had now altered into bis rest and reward; but tbere were occasions when perhaps some of tbe mem bers were zealous overmuch, and obtained and these parties went forth into some more congenial atmosphere. He looked upon it as one of tbe surest symptoms of spiritual pros perity in a Church when some of res members were disposed to go out of it. He then pro ceeded to remark how by the going forth of members from Freeman-street, Congregational Churches were formed at High-street, K«?n«in e . ton, at Clayton Chapel, at Hindmarsh- square, at North Adelaide, and at Hindmarsh; and tbe Baptist Church, Flinders- street, he said, would nave been nowhere but for Freeman street. (Cheering.) Judging a Church by the standard of theriiffmringlight which it possessed, he (bought Freeman-street Church occupied the highest position of any Church in the land. (Applause.) Some of the members from Free man-street came to Chalmers Church, but whe ther the Scotch accent was too much, or the theology too stern, or the descriptive too severe, or whether they sometimes got tbe honest truth tbere, plainly told, they did not remain long with bun, and when they left he (felt quite relieved. (Loud laughter.) He said aChurch was only in a rightcondition when sending forth members to found other Churches in destitute localities. They read that the apostolic Churches bad rest—not the peace of death ; not the rest of slothfulness nor self- Batisfaction with their own deeds, but rest in the which they walked in the fear of the Lord, and in the comfort of the Holy Ghost, and were multiplied. The motion, he said, was hopeful, as it looked forward to the future He trusted tbat in the highest and holiest sense many would go forth from that Church into distant destitute localities, and there by their own agency at first begin Christ's work. He trusted, too, that Mr. Evan might have bodily strength and vigor given to him. There certainly was no intellectual weakness about him, but he hoped his want of physical strength would be over ruled for mafang him even more successful in the Master's work. Mr. Gardner then play fully allnded to tbe advantage of ministers being weakly rather than vigorous, for they got more sympathy than those who were in vigorous health, although these sometimes required it quite as much. He concluded by wishing that the richest spiritual blessings might attend the Church in this new sanctuary. (Applause.) A collection was then made. The Bey. A. M. Henbebson was then called upon to speak, and he was warmly received. He said be bad already occupied a great deal of their time on previous occasions. He must, however, express his very great pleasure at being present at these delightful services. He had heard v«ry much of the praises of South Australia, and during his short stay in Adelaide he had discovered the fact that tbere were more costly sanctua ries in Adelaide than in any equal area that he remembered. He said he should avoid the battle of the styles of architecture. The church which was being built for him in Mel bourne would be of the later Italian style, and the interior would be very much like a theatre. He saw not why the devil should be allowed to take architecture under his own protection. In a theatre actors' throats never got out of order, and why should God's ministers be rendered hoarse because of the un suitable character of the buildings in which they had to preach ? He intimated his dislike for a pulpit, which gave him a feeling of restraint and pain. He would not enter into the ques tion of the relative beauty of that church and North Adelaide Church, but he would simply say that that church was one of the most beau tiful in character upon which be had ever looked. (Cheers.) He expressed his gratifica tion at meeting their pastor, Mr. Evan. Years ago he heard of him, when Mr. Binney in formed him tbat he was one of the most ta lented men and accomplished speakers tbat he had ever met. He was thankful, too, to the kind friend who was affording him the kind hospitality of his house, and he should go back to Melbourne with a deep feeling that there was a heart in the people of South Australia, and that while they were quieter than the Vic torians, there was goodness in tbeir quietness. He said be had been thrown upon the mercy of circumstances around him for making a speech, but his thoughts had been tending towards (he subject which was treated of on Sunday after noon, and which was also touched upon in Mr. Evan's address on Friday evening. A good many seemed to think that there was great danger to the Christian life from the con- current streams of rationalism on the one hand and ritualism on the other. After alluding to superstition and infidelity as going hand in hand, he spoke of the rise of ritualism. The seeds of thisdevelopment he said were sown long ago, and what were these seeds ? Wherever the State supported a Church, wherever the Church relied upon the arm of flesh for assist ance so long would they find the continuance of such a state of things as was now affecting England, and through England spreading into other communities. They all knew, too how much scepticism laid in the hearts of men. The heart was often in rebellion to God, and in England persons who to a large extent were misin- formed were continually writing when they the Old Book which they thought they were bound to reject. Thus it was that superstition drove men into scepticism until at last they rushed from scepticism over to Rome itself in order to find some rest for their weary souls. But was there anything to dread in this move- ment? Oh, no. As one who had to do with the education of young men, he of course bore testimony against this falsehood which was sought to be brought in, but he did not fear it, for he had ascertained that whenever these things had their full development it had been side by side with a development of another order. He then succinctly glanced at the changes through which religious thought passed in the reigns of Heniy VIII., Edward VI. Mary, Elizabeth, James L,and Charles L, showing how ritualism had successfully developed itself, and then retrograded, and how by the very out- growth of ritualism, a mightier development showed itself in Puritanism. He showed what a glorious effect Puritanism had had in the foun dation of the American colonies and the spread of religion there. Then, again rationalism first appeared in England in 1624, Lord Herbert being the first English rationalist, and publish ing the first book. Hobbs, of Malmsbury, another rationalist, published the second infidel book in 1646. At this very time, however, John Eliot, the pastor of the Puritan colony, started upon his mission to the Indians of Virginia,, and commenced those glorious missions which had reflected glory upon ths En«iish race. Rationalism had become a full-blown de- velopment, but what was there on the other side? Why they counted their missionary societies by scores, their missionaries by thou- sands, their converts by hundreds of thousands. The continent of America, which at the time referred to was a small colony, was now a country which buflt many churches, supported many ministers, carried on large educational establishments, and was creating a literature which would vie in some respects with the literature of England. Such, then, were the results springing out of the same time They need not, then, be afraid, but they could look with calmness upon the advancing of these forces, knowing that it was an advance towards destruction when the Christian heart of the people rose to do its own true work. (Applause.) There was another topic which had been men- ' tioned that evening, namely, what constituted the true prosperity of a Church. Looking forward, as be was, with fear and trembling, to entering upon a church far larger in proportion than that one, this question of die true prosperity of a Church touched bis heart. As he had contemplated the congrega tions which had assembled in that building he had been impressed with the wondrons future in relation to one portion of their adherents—he meant the young. Ha was not old, bat even if he were, he should ever feel the deepest interest of his heart in the young ; and if he had one desire stronger than another it was to see the young won to the Lord Jesus Christ. He then I proceeded to address the young in solemn and affectionate terms. He told them that that building had been reared, not for (hose who had contributed most towards it, but for them. The generations were passing away, and how sad it would be if the young whom he wu addressing should pass away and leave behind them nothing superior to themselves. Then advantages were far greater than those which their fathers possessed, but these advantages seemed to add a fascination to what was called pleasure—worldly pleasure. They might say there was time ?nnngii yet, and that they did not want old beads on young shoulders; but he counselled them if (hey wanted young hearts and young heads when they became old they should put on the old heads now. Many a. man of 80 and 90 years of age had a fresh and young spirit, whilst many a youth became a wreck and was ruined. He referred them to the bitter experiences of such worldlings as Thomas Moore and Byron, as recorded in tlieir own verses, and said verfly every man who tried the pleasures of the world ' found how true were the words of Edmund Burke "What shadows we are, and what shadows we pursue." There were no such lamentations or bitterness heard from ihe Christian, for looking back upon his life he saw it irradiated with the Divine smile, and looking forward he anticipated a life of infinite glory and joy at God's right hand. Let them abandon their sin and yield themselves unto God, and then there would be no want of wor shippers in that and other sanctuaries. with this thought he wu carried for ward to the time when thousands of thousands of people should be peopling this hud, ennobling it with their deeds, and lading on souls to eternal felicity. With regard to the true prosperity of a Church, wealthy offerings would not give it, and crowded pews were not an evidence of it; but it was when multitudes of converts were found rising around the ministers of Christ; when the salvation of Christ was accepted by those to whom it was preached (hat the true prosperity of a Church was attained. Hi then descanted upon that marvellous expression in the epistle of James—"Save a soul from death." He could not grasp either the horrors implied in the death or tine happiness which was bound up in the salvation, but this work of saving souls from death was the true work of the Church. He aged the parents and the young whom he was addressing to do that work which was nearest to (hem—to do it in their homes, and amongst their families and relatives. There was a day coming to aU in that «!«««■?«•<> when (he eye should be dim and the ear dosed, but in that day, next to the joy of being saved, would be the thought that they had won some other eouL When this earthly scene was over, when all things here had passed away, and his body was hud in (he tomb, he would rather have carved npon the rndest atone by the hand of gratitude, the words "he saved a soul from death," than rest under (he most costly mausoleum which had ever been reared. He should like to leave that as his last word with them. They must go to live and act, and he should go to live and act in another place. They might never meet sgain, bat they would meet at God's bar. God help them so to live (hat that meeting might be one of gUdnese. The rev. gentleman, who was deeply affected during bis earnest appeal, resumed his meat amid applause. An anthem was here sung by the choir. The Key. Jas. Mabqbas was (hen called upon, and said they had one simple doty to discharge ere departing. They had had five errrilpnt addresses—one on history, another on finance, a third on architecture, a fourth on spiritual prosperity, and a fifth on spirits*] prosperity and ritualism, and now they had to complete the work by a crowning act of grati tude. He had to move that a vote of thinks be given to the ladies especially. He was glad to know that (hey were indebted to no email extent to the ladies for the ejection of that elegant structure. They had, he understood, done much both with their fingers and then tongues. (Laughter.) He had also to move that (he meeting's thanks be presented to the Chief Justice for presiding on that occasion. He was certainly deserving of their warmest thanks, for he was ever ready to assist a good cause. He likewise had to move that then thanks be given to the choir, whose music had been aQthatooold have been desired. With these few remarks be would propose that a vote of ♦li??ilr? be given to the ladies, the Chairman, and the choir, for the effective services so heartily rendered. The Rev. Wh. Habcus seconded the proposi tiou, which n< carried byacehunation. The Chief Justice said he had a brief but pleasant duty to perform in acknowledging the vote of *h«tiW Hie was sure (hat the ladies, the choir, and himself fully appreciated the kindness with which they had received and acknowledged such services as they had ren dered. (Cheere.) The doxology having been sung and the bene diction pronounced, the proceedings of this highly interesting series of meetings closed. The total proceeds of all the services are believed to be about £300. j 