Stoat $ntcIUflciHT. POPULAR READINGS iu aid of the funds for tlio restoration of the Kyneton Mechanics' Institute, will be given this evening at the Oddfellows' Hall, Piper-street. A good programme has been arranged. THE Hon. W. Degraves, of Colibon Park, received " honourable mention" at the Paris Exhibition for wool exhibited by liim. THESE are no less than 219 electors on the General Boll for the Eynetou Division of the Kyneton Boroughs. MCB CHASLES YOUNG, auctioneer, reports tlie sale by him of Mr M'CIusky's farm at Tyldea, (72 acres), at £2 5s per acre, and the stock, &c;„ at satisfactory prices. Miss M'Grath was the purchaser. Dickens' Mining Record for September 14th, is fully up to the average, containing n vast amount of intelligence of importance and interest to all investors in our gold mines The journal is admirably printed, and contains a page lithograph, illustrating the working of a winze between different levels upwards. SENIOR-CONSTABLE SOUTH, who met with a severe accident on the 5th June last by his horse falling down and rolling over him, has at length been restored to health, and has resumed the discharge of his duties much to the satisfaction of the residents of Trentham. THE Boyal Pavilion Tronpe will shortly appear m Kyneton, (for particulars see advertisement.) We have been desired to call attention to tlie sale of furniture at the Boyal Hotel on Friday next by Mr Buscombe. JIONEY OBMES may now he obtained, aind made payable at the Tylden Post Office. IN the Insolvent Court, on Friday, first and only meetings were held, and closed, in the estates of John Patterson, of Lauriston, sheep- dealer (one debt proved); and Charles Eraser of Taradale, miner. ' HINTS FOE KYNETON HOSPITAL COLLECTOB. —The Treasurer of the Castlemaine District Hospital acknowledges the receipt of £8 16s from R, H. Shakspear, Esq., subscriptions from the labourers employed on the waterworks, lerhaps Mr Shakspeare would do something similar for the Kyneton District Hospital. We also observe that several gentlemen in Dur.olly, including the Mayor, intend giving what they designate " A Muif Dramatic performance" during the ensuing month, in aid of the fundi; of the district hospital. HEARTS OF IBON.—A Wangaratta blacksmith has been unfeeling enough to seize and carry away the iron railings which.were round the grave of the deceased husband of a.poor woman who was unable to. salisfv a debt. The trustees of the cemetery-are prosecuting the heartless iellow under the Cemeteries Act. We recently board of a ease in Kyneton in whicli an Unfeeling landlord distraining for rent 'actually took certain linen which ; was in-the course of'being .toade up out of the hands-pf- therMfortuiiat? Wife, she being at the time encctttfe, and the linen being made up in prospectsof . her approaching confinement. - : v V „V • THE business; at the WoodejaaSBSlfce Court yesterday, excepting the case of assault reported in another column, was unimportant Two persons, Mary Strachan and Wm. Laffin were lined 5s each for having unregistered do°W and a charge against Joseph Stack for illegal occupation of Crown lands, was dismissed ' A TEENTHAM GHOST STOEY.-A 'correspondent at ireutham writes to us as follows "There is a good ghost-story afloat here just now, referring to the unfortunate man Patrick Kean, who was recently drowned in,thislocality. It appears that a Dutchman is emp'oyed by Mr Bickley to drive the engine on the Columbian -Gold Mining Company's claim, and lie declares he has seen a ghost J and that it is no other.than that of poor Pat Kean. According to the imaginative Dutchman, wliilche was working on the mine oni.be night shift last week, andoiling the connecting-rods, he beheld the apparition of tlio unfortunate Kean, which gazed at him looked into de shaft, crossed over de mullock heap, and then vanished m the direction of the fatal hole in which he was found droWned. Many folks here about are incredulous; tiut.de Dutchman sticks' tolus story, and is sure "lie saw de ghost in 'de ioine^moonlight." -perhaps.Luna has affected t ie Dutch miner as she previously affected poor" ™'T' et us Jlo P e tb'e result will oe'less tragic: V\ E Jiavo been requested to draw attention to anadvcrliseinent in another column of the trayellmg of the colonial-bred "librsb' Plougliboy Its proprietor (Mr A. Masterton) jrill travel the horse m Tylden and Trentham Greenhill. and other districts. - .. - A PHOTOGUA;'^TC CCBIOSITY may be seen at Mr Carolin's Portrait Rooms, Piper- street. By a;i iusrenious device the artist"is represented as wheeling himself in a barrow,—an impossibility in nature but apparently practicable in art. The photograph lias already been inspected by large numbers. CHEAP MEAT.—As a proof of what meat can : be sold nt ill Geelong at tho -present time, we may mention that the sale of carcases of mutton by Mr Howell, on Saturday,; realised from lid to 2id per lb. A Castlemaine butcher-is obliging enough to advertise " Meat at your own price." -In. Kyneton the butchers appear to be more sue-' cessful in keeping up the prices than their brethren of the block and cleaver elsewhere. THE HON. S. H. BLNDON has very prudently declined to meet Mr Windsor, Editor of the , Mount Alexander Mail, in apublic discussion on the present political'crisis. It will be remembered that Mr Windsor recently niade a very alilo speech on the subject at Chewtbn. The Minister of Justice evidently has a horror of Windsor soap! THE ANNUAT Snow OF EXTIKE HOUSES was held at the Society's yards, Romsey, on Tuesday. In consequence of the m0ist unfavourable state of the weather, the number of horses brought was limited to tlio small number of six, and the attendance of visitors was proportionately meagre. Seemingly Romsey does not stand alone in this respect, for toe weather has proved most detrimental to tho success of similar exhibitions in other places. The following entire horses were present:—Mr Summers' Royal Charlie, Mr Kenny's Mount Maeedon, Mr Musty's Admiral Ascot, Mr Mcnzie's Toung Clyde, and last, but not least. Mr Cordell's Prince Charlie, also Mr William Smith's blood entire. Mormon, and Mr N. Beasley's Shetland pony. The committee decided to give no prizes, in consequencc of the small number entered. For heavy draught colt, (by Riley's Prince Charlie), Mr James Stewart was awarded the first certificate of merit; and the second was given to Mr White, for a bay colt, by the same horse. Mr Thomas Harriman's bay colt, by Athos, took the first certificate for light horses ; and Mr L. Robertson's bay filly, by the same horse, succeedcd in obtaining the second. NEW BUILDINGS IN KYNETON.—Notwithstanding the outcry about dull times, it is gratifying to observe that the town is gradually but surely improving in its general appearance. A number of new buildings have cither been completed, or are about to bo erected. These changes strike an occasional visitor more readily than a permanent resident. The substantial brick building erected by Mr Wood, draper, &c.;, a few months since at the Junction, is creditable to the town and to the enterprise of the proprietor. Mr Wilson, wheelwright, &c.;, has erected extensive premises adjacent to those of Mr Wood. Proceeding along Mollison-street, we find a variety of preparations in progress for new buildings. Miss Jane Murphy of th; Eising Sun Hotel has purchased a corner allotment in Market-street, and it is understood that a new hotel will shortly be erected there. Next, to that is the site for the Temperance Hall, and as the Society have some funds in hand and have liberal promises of aid, it is probable that ere long tho Hall mil be in course of progress. Beyond the site of the Hall, (nearly opposite the Post Office) Mr Chambers is already progressing with a building intended for an hotel,—so the Temperance Hall (when built) will be " kept warm" by two opposition shops, one on cach side. On tho Baptist Church reserve a neat brick cottage has just been erected for the Minister (the lie v. air Rcid). Mr Parker of Piper street, has built a substantial blue-stone residence at the roar of his business premises, and the new Catholic Presbytery is a prominent and handsome addition to the architecture of the town. It is to be hoped that the Mechanic*' Institute when repaired and added to will be less of an eyesore than it has hitherto been, and that the annexe for the reading room, library, &c.; will bo built substantially of stone and brick, and be made as ornamental as possible. NF.W INSOLVENT.—AiigustHausman. of Blackwood. miner. Causes of insolvency: Liabilities incurred as agent for the Grace Egerton machine, at Blackwood. Liabilities, £81 5s ; assets. £5 J deficiency, £70 5s 5d. Mr Goodman, official assignee. THE CAMPASPE BEIDGE.—A confercnco of the representatives of the M'lvorshire Council and the Metcalfeshirc Council was recently held at the Campaspe Bridge. Some delay having occurred in the progress of the works, Mr Muntz explained^ that the delay was attributable to a variety of causes over which he regretted to say he had no control. In the first place the progress of the works were greatly retarded by the dispute with Langlands and Co. Those gentle- ™, en J' ef^Sed to com Pb' with tho requirements of Mr Ford, the Engineer who had inspected tho girders, so far as the scraping was coneorned. That the M'lvorshire Council had declined his offer to meet in conference upon tho dispute, and the settlement of this difference was in consequence protracted for' so long a period, that the girders could not be taken delivery of and brought on to the ground before the middle of April, and the contract provided that the work should be completed by the first of that month. The contract having thus been broken on the part of the Councils, ho could not enforce the penalties provided. In the next place when tho girders were on the ground, it was found that the rivets furnished by Langlands were unsuited for the work and could not bo used, this involved another dispute and further delay in prosecuting the works; it was however ultimately arranged that but few hands could be kept in constant work; in fact Langlands and Co. have shown throughout so great a spirit of indifference, as to whether the work was ever finished or not, that himselt and the Clerk of the Works had been several times to Melbourne to secure a bare supply The works would not be completed belore 1st November. A long discussion ensued a ? .i r f oh : ed , t0 dispense with the services of tho Clerk of the -Works. It having been elicited from the Clerk of the Works his deter mination to resign at once if notretaiiied until the completion of the work, Mr Muntz asked authority to appoint another until the girders were.struck. Cr Mathespn strongly objected to l^r™l sslon being given, and still thought that Mr Muntz ought to undertake the future inspection, as he was paid for it. Mr Muntz said he was not paid for it, that he did not receive one farthing for this particular work, and that he was the servant of the Metcalfeshire Council. Cr Clarke stated that Mr Muntz being their Engineer; they would not consent to h£ time being taken up for the joint benefit of the Unless ^ x , ™ ' H ^ handsomely paid for it. Mr Muntz stated that since the matter had assumed this aspect, and that there was a desire to withhold a clerk to Superintend the works, he would himself renounce all further responsibility, and begged to tender his resignation as Engineex Cr Seymour moved-" That the Engineer be authorised to engage a Clerk of the Works until the girders are struck." Seconded by Cr Clarke ana earned. ... \- • IMPORTANT TO FBIENDLY SOCIETIES—A case of some interest to members of friendly jsocieties came before the Guildford Police Court, the S OURT &"IWFORD A.O.F. v. Webb, id Kls od, lines and levies due. Mr G C Leech appeared for tho society, and Mr Paynter for the defendant. Mr Leech argued that the sum could be recovered before two justices, and that the case was -properly before the court. Mr Paynter argued ihit the,court liadno jurisdiclnou and quoted the Justices Statute, but he failed to establish .his point and the case proceeded. Mr Leech produced the rules of the court and the Dispensation, and called the' secretary of llic court to prove the^ieal of i 0 society, and .he genuineness ;of seveaal. docu- ; Mr succeeded in getting verdict for tho amount, with: £1 3s costs, d d similar cases were similarly de- MB. ANDEEW ROTVAN, of Barbower, has recently purchased from Mr Brodie, of Helensville, a promising younghorse of the Ben Lomond strain.- He is named Sir Duncan Cameron, is rising three years old, and is a very symmetrical handsome horse, with excellent points and marks of purity of breeding. He is to stand at Barbour. JULIUS CJBSAB'S Daily News.—An exceedingly clever article appears in Dickons' All the .Year Round for June 29, entitled " Very Old News," in whicli it is shown that tlio first chief editor of the first daily paper was no less a person than Julius Ctesar. This first daily journal was styled " Acta Diurna,'* or Daily News. Its circulation did not exceed 20 copies per diem, but it was a thoroughly honest and reliable publication, which is more than can be said of many modern "prints which boast of immense circulations. WILLIAM H. HAERIHAN, of Lancefield, has been committed for trial on a charge of robbery from tlie person. CRIMINAL ASSAULT.—Patrick Riordan was brought befcre the Polire Magistrate at Woodend yesterday, charged with entering the honso of Mrs Mary Pemell Cole on tlio night cf the 13th inst., with an intent to commit a criminal assault upon her. From the evidence of the prosecutrix and her husb.tnd Samuel Cole, "it appeared that on the Friday night in question he had gone about nine o'clock to MotfTshajr's Hotel in Woodend, locking liis wife up in" the house. About twelve o'clock -prisoner effected atf entrance into the house and threw "a number of things out-of a box, also taking off the bedclothes from Mrs Colo and laying her down on the floor intending to criminally assault her. The woman begged him to desist, alleging that she had only recently come out of Kyneton Hospital. The prisoner therefore left tho house, saying that ho would pay her a visit on some other occasion. On Samuel Cole's coming home about three in the morning, he found liis wife dressed and in great alarm. She told him what had occurred in his absence, and no more notice was taken of tho matter until tho following Saturday night, when Mrs Cole pointed out the man who had assaulted her in Mottershaw's liotel. Her husband then informed tho police and the man was arrested Prisoner worked for Mr Mottershaw as a shoemaker, anda shopmate of his who slept in the same room deposed that on the night in question Riordan had gone to bed between ten and eleven o'clock, and had not stirred out until late next morning. The ma; was tho more positive as he had a violent cold and was awake the whole night. The prisoner, after an examination extending over three hours' was discharged. Mr Booker conducting his defencc. " 