UPPE II MARY. (Fn"ro the 3fasyjoroli.qd Chronisle's C'oerresponodet.) We still experience showervy and cloudy weaRtheir, and apprehenbiois of a flood are not yetl over. ThIe telmperoture as indicated by tihe thlernmometer, I ficy Ins been higi]r thun in any previous Marchl in min rerollection. Thunder hlas been heard round us, ned lightninig sees, but tile stormes, aftler tbre teing, ihave disntspeared in the direction oftount Baupn]l-tse gin daelling in which mouontakini must have rathller an unpileasant t iUe of it, although she is a ghost. A ssmall quantity of Upper Mary sesar is now being consumed iby tle grow-ers of tit. In quality,the snugr is equal to that iin gemeral use sold by thle stolrekeepers. The lovers of trencle rolls and punddings may gratify their tolste for sweets at the low n'ice of threepence a pounld at some of the Maorborough stores. ThIe sut described biy efr. Welter lill in thIe public ijournllnls--you? nsnlllollgs' tie ioulmober--] wans treated to bnli sight and taste onI f to-day. It is onl" idsessc:rry to describe tie taste. of iwhich it is sufiicienly com-. mendatory to say that, in fltl'oar it bents cien filberts -the nut it pierhalps most resemebles. Such n nut should by rights iabound in ilhe Upper Marv orchasrds. Thlereo seems to be some little dillirulty in obtaniing labourers for the cotton-picking season, nworkinig men bcilg unwillng to engage for so short o time, and employers being unisble to takbe on a nunmber of hIandsi for i longer period. That th~ mn are nDot enger for even a week's wn-ork, at any rate of pay, as tlsC' were but a few monlllhs go, is a suggestive sigsn of theI times, and ipeople are beginning to tlrnie over their iles of thle Chroni'le to look for the letters of" M" oni cheaps labour. Iigh-prieed Isbour is incompatible witlh Igricultural pursuoits, and yet the agrirultriiiss lhase so rilsty set Ibtheir foot oni tIo ead, tliot retrent is iimpossible'; therefore cheapn labour must be intro duoed, anod the iest means of in·trodaucing it should now begin to occupy tihe attention oif tIe lirmeise . A seizure of cigars mas made on board the Q.S.N. Company's steamer Queensland, which arrived here from Brisbane on Saturday erening. Since the intro duction of the new tariff, we believe that the prae tice of smuggling has been, on several occasions, successfully carried out; on Saturday night, however, tihe Custom-house authorities were on the alert, and made the seizure mentioned. No less than five parties were implicated in the affair; of these, four were fire men on board, who were allowed to go free on condition that they were dismissed from the Company's service; but the remaining man will be tried for the miede. meanour.--Nortrn .drguas. On Sunday morning last, the attention of Mr. Por ter (of the Clermont Hotel) was attracted to the shricka of a man proceeding from the back of thle pre mises. Rushing out, he found a man lying on the cround, who had evidently been thlrown from a horse. With the assistance of another man, Mr. Porter raised the sufferer, and in doing so found thalnt his right leg was broken. Mr. Porter then crossed the street to Dr. Candiottie' residence, saw the doctor, and anked him to look at the man, offering (on account of Mr. Browne and himself) to become responsible for the expenae. (It may here be explained that the sufferer was a alf-witted man, named Robert Allen, who came to Clermont about a month ago in a state of destitu oion, and has since been employed by feesrs. Browne and Porter in doing "odd jobs" about tlhe hotel, for rations only.) The doctor went over, examined the man, and found his leg fractured in two places. He then sent to Mr. Griffin for permission to get a mat tress from the hlospital, and told Mr. Porter that as the people of Clermont had treated him so badly, and the Secretary of thie Hospital had stated that he (tle doctor) was "only a d-d servant of the institution," he must haove.£30 placed in his hand before he would set the limb. The doctor then left the man, andwent home. Mr. Browne afterwards called on the doctor, and again offered to become responsible for reasonoable cipensees, but without effect-the doctor reiterating that the people of Clermont had behaved to him very badly; that the Committee of the Hospital had dis missed him (the doctor) while absent from home ; that some one had called him a "dog;' and that he would show them that hie was a dog. Mr. Jolhn Winter (the Mayor) then went to the doctor in the hope of getting him to attend the man, and as a fur ther inducement offered personally a fee of £10, but this was refused, the doctor remarking-" Why should you give £10 P-make up thIe £30 by public subscrip tion, and I will head the list with two guineas." Ase a last resource, we are isformed, a subscription wam started, aud in half-an-hounr the amount was made up without trenching upon the generosity of the doctor, who accepted thie Inst penny in the form of a copper token. The patient was then promptlyoad effectively treated, the splints and bandages having-in a way highly creditable to the surgeon's eskill and eelf- com mand in a moment of exeitement-been carefully pre pared wlile thIe money was being collected from an indignant but not inhuman public. The doctor, we are informed by two gentlemen who have conversed with him on the subject, states that he offered to attend the man for nothing if he were plaeed in thIe hospital and the secretary compelled to resign; but eesaro. Porter, Brownac, sd Winter emphatically deny the truthl of that statement.-.P. D., Teleram. The Guardian's Dawson "occasional" supplies the following, under date Marlch 27 :-" I have not noticed any account of an extraordinary comet, that made ito appearance in thle east arlout nine mornings ago, and am surprised thereat, as the luminous body was excndingly large and brilliant. Its position wara about 30 deg. from the horizon; it appeared as large as the moon at the full; but its edges being jagged inwards, gave it the general appearance of astar Ilsh. The light from it was very briUliant, and as thle moon had not set in the west, the two orbs produced a light that rendered the stars invisible, although it was not nearly dawn, being about half-past 4. Of coprsc as the sun came nearer the horizon the comet ' paled itse ineffectual fire,' and it has not again been seen." The Courier also keeps a correspondent at Tarooum, and his version of the celestial visit is the following: "The story of a comet lately told here is too good to be lost. A. gentleman rathler famed for occasional deep potstions, and consequent early risings, says hIe saw a comet on the morning of the 19th (the day after St. Patrick's day.) He says heI rose early (never went to bed is the true interpretation perhaps), and at half past 4 he saw the moon setting, and at the opposite point in the heavens he saw a comet; it was 25 degrees or so above the horizon, was as!large as the full moon, and being quite as bright as that luminary the stars were-between timhe comet and the moon put quite in the shade. Presently, hIowever, the sun put in an appearance, and as the sight seer was aware that it is quite impossible for two suns to be in the shy at once-albeit the same thing does not alwvays apply to moons-he caused the comet, the moon, and the stars to disappear simultoncously. Several persons got out of bed noet morning to see the illuntriou stra~nger, but, it need hardly be recorded, he, sheo, or it, never returned." Mow to kill coekronahes is nor one of tihe leading questions occtutjYitg public atetention in 'Brisbane. A "Squater," in tihe Queesolander, recommends a mil lure of planter of Paris one pound, oatmeal one pound, and stear half a pound. A "Settler" has hit on a better olano. He says:--Don't kill your cockroaches; tralsp tIhem,. Get a box a foot cnda half long, a foolt deep, and half o foot wide. IHarve a cover to fit close, but to lift right off. Cout a oole in the cover, and isto tte hole fi tihe upper Iss of of a beer bottle, the neck downwa'rds projecting intlo thle box. Lay in thle bar some of the food abiclh you bare found most favosred by their eltention. A pioate of flour, beer, and treacle is an irresilstible bait; not too omuch treachl, thie osimale lore a gentle bitter. T-hey will go down thle neck of the bottle and manke beastls of thelmselves. Thie colonial insect nmay be perhalps eunnian enough to get out again, but I don't think e is--thle Europen breed is not. In thIe mnorning take your trap into tihe fowl yard, call thie hIon about yoe, open the trap, anrd you will see ahsot al ? hppen. Don't asete your roanches; they are a wltolesome stimulating article of consump tion for poultrly. Mr. Goyder, thle well-knownn trf rates and book maker, was sumnmoned on Friday in the Cosnty Court by a chelmist uamod Ready, residing at ttaryborougb, far £50 dsmoges, on nccount of an assault committed I upon the MIelbourtue Racecourse. Readv came to town to see the last Chaolppioss Meetintg, and on arriving at the course he patrolised thel betting ring, withll tIhe I intetion of " potting" on The Iurb. lHere he fell in wdith tir. Coker, and accepted that gentlesma's ollffer of 20 to 8, in sovereigns, gaoinst his favourite Ihoeo. Wien ThIe Brsb had tulled off the snet, oand Mr. Coker was about to I'pay thle £20 to Ready, Mr. Goyder interfered and prevented him fromn doing so by sarisg thni heady owed lhim £5. The Iltter gave the state meout a flat denial, oantd oyder knockedl hihn down. lIr. Coker natid himt next morninsg, bot he broughlt thisl action against Goyder for tihe injury and unvwarra.nted eaposure he lhad received, as, althouglh he did owe tim .;5 on acconnt of a bet at hallUrt,; he sent a cheque for tbs RasoUnt shortly after thie debt wsa ineurrod. Mfrs. Goyder, Iowecrver, said that he nevrer recired thie £5, and tlat thie alleged assault lay in n anstempt that he made to piull titse nose of r. Ready, iwho frustrated his ihltention by flling rever baekward. isI Honor Judg, Pollomtan found for the plainliff, with £25 da mages.--tAge. 