AGRICULTURAL AND PASTORAL RETURNS. In continuation of the agricultural returns published by the Government Statist in April last we now subjoin a few valuable particulars, showing the condition of the pastoral interest for the year ending March, 1867. The statistics relating to live stock are 3till of an unsatisfactory character, although i slight improvement is perceptible. The brought in some parts of the North continued luring the year ; but a greater number of sheep is returned as depasturing on the more :listant runs. The whole colony shows an increase of 132,302 sheep, as compared with i decrease in the previous season of 326,922 ; the total number being 3,911,610 against 3,779,308 last year. The increase, therefore, only amounted to 3} per cent. That of 18G4 was 13J per cent. Again, a large diminution appears in the number of cattle, although not so great as in the previous year ; the decrease in 1867 being 34,237 head, or 12,598 short of the deficiency in 1S66 ; the rate of decrease, how ever, is only 2 per cent, lower, being 21 per cent, during the twelve months. The total number depasturing is 123,820, as compared with 15S.057 head in 1866, and 204,892 head in 1865. Ten years ago we counted 310,460 head of great cattle, equivalent to three for each individual of the population ; at present there is but three-fourths of a beast. In 1S64 we imported only 400 head of fat cattle ; Ssv our requirements necessitate the pur ase of between 6,000 and 7,000 yearly, chiefly from the Darling Runs. The Government Statist concludes his report with the following remarks : — 'The suggestion I ventured to make in my last report, that a favourable epportunity pre sented itself for the introduction of an improved system of farming, I tliinknow commends itself with still greater force. With so large a home market, the rearing of fat stock on farms cannot but be profitable, and with this view one-half of the land now under wheat, and suffering from continuous cropping, might be devoted to the growth of less exhaustive cereals, root-crops, or grasses, and so recover its original fertility. Whilst the aggregate production of breadstuffs would be but slightly reduced, the impoverished wheat lands would probably again return a value commensurate with the labour expended.' Old Scholabs' Association.— The annual meet ing of the Old Scholars' Association in connection with the Adelaide Educational Institution will take place this evening in Mi. Young's new schoolroom, Frwmau-Btreet. CortoxATiow Dat. -To-day is the 29th anni- , versary of the coronation of our beloved Queen, ! which took place within Westminster Abbey, in the presence of 243 peers of the realm and a vast assemblage of spectators, 1S3J. It is recorded that ' when the saperb and solemn spectacle was witnessed within the sacred pile, and the jounR and patriotic maiden Queen— in the presence of her subjects most dignified in station and venerable in character, and surrounded by all that could be desired of chivalry or adorned by beauty- knelt, and, resting her hand on the Holy Gospels, took the coronation oath, and when the Archbishop placed the crown upon Her Majesty's head, the enthusiasm of the spectators was unbounded, and their repeated shouts of ' God save Queen Victoria' caused the vaults root and arches of the sacred edifice to ring Trbh one universal acclaim.' This day i3 also the anniversary of the coronation of EJward IV., which took place 1161. The Outgoing JIaiu— No persons have yet taken passages by the outgoing mail steamer. Jcdgk Boothbt'8 Despatches.— In reference to the despatches of the £ail of Carnarvon which were published iu our issue of Friday, we find that an erroneous conclusion has been drawn with regard to the documents sent home by Mr. Justice Boothby. Those documents have not been re tamed to the Judge, but were handed by the Secretary of State ts the Privy Council, copies, however, being sent to His Excellency the Governor for his perusal. Tub Stuathalbtx Tramway.— It was currently reported on Wednesday that the whole of the works on the line of tramway in course of con struction between Strathalbyn and Middleton had been condemned by Mr. Mais, the iinginecrin Chicf, but we learn from enquiry at the Public Works Office tha: there is no t.uth in the state ment. The VicioniAH Wise Duty.— air. E. B. Lucas, who, with Messrs. Alexander Hay and E. J. Pcake, was appointed by the meeting of winegrowers to wait upon the Chief Secretary to urge upon him the necessity of endeavouring to obtain the admis sion of South Australian wines into Victoria upon the same terms as that of New South Wales, has reieived an intimation from the Committee of the Chamber of Commerce, stating that Messrs. J. H. Clark ani G. A. Uartleet have been elected to co operate with the Winegrowers' Committte in their efforts for that purpose. The Land .System.— A meeting of farmers took place at the Freeling Hotel, Freeling, on Wednes day, June 2% to consider the desirability of an alteration in the land system. Mr. J. \V. Harvey presided. A resolution was passed urgiug the necessity of a new Land Bill, to provide for free selection and deferred payments. It was also resolved to sand the resolution to the various farmers with a vicvr to holding u monster meeting on the subject. RAILWAY Extension.— A public meeting will bs held this evening nt Kapumla, iu accordance with arrangements made at a pieliminary meeting on the 21st instant, to devise the best means for securing thu construction of a tramway from iiapuuua to me nortn-wesi oenu oi cne juurra.'. fcuPKEMB Cookt. — His Honor Mr. Justice Owynne will sit this morning to hear arguments in the case of Y/oul aud Another v. Darwent aud Others. Adelaide Local Court.— A number of cases of various degrees of importance came before the Adelaide Local Court (Limited Jurisdiction, Civil) on Thursday. June 27. In Barrow and Others v. Williams judgment was given for the plaintiffs for £t- 7s., iu addition to the sum paid into Court. In Hill aud Another v. Md'ostic a verdict was entered for the plaintiffs for £lti 12s. 9.1. In Murray v. Jellett judgment was given for the plaintiff for £5 17b. Adelaide Police Court.— On Thursday, June 27, a charge was brought against the driver of a Ulenelg omnibus of having driven through Frank lin-street at a greater rate than nine miles an hour. The witnesses for the defence preponderated, and the inf^rmution was dismissed. Another driver, charged with causing an distinction on the Mkcnam-road by driving on the wrong nide, had to pay £2 19s. line and costs. The other cases were comparatively unimportant. Railway U&ods; Costhact.— Several tenders were received by the Commissioner of Public Works for the railway goods contract on Thursday, but we are unable to give any uurlkulats. Photography.— Mr. Davis, the present Manager for the South Australian Photographic Company, brought to our office yesterday four specimens of photography, each finished in a different way. The first is a well-finished portrait of the late Governor Hindmarsh done in water colours; the second of Lieut. Mathews, of the A.V.R., done in oil. This is an excellent portrait, but not quite so success- fully painted. The third is the splendid likeness of Dr. Gosse, done in Indian ink, which has for some time been exhibited at the Company's office; and the fourth is a very well executed and taste- fully coloured photograph of Mrs. J. G. Daly, The last two are of considerable size. Lighting The City.— The contract with the Gas Company for lighting the streets of the city commences on Monday, July 1. We understand the lamps are to be lighted on North-terrace, a portion of West-terrace, and, if possible, in liundlc aud Hindlcy streets. Those in the re maining parts of the city are not expected to have the service-pipes laid on until after Monday. The Far Nojith.— A letter from a station near Moolooloo, -Uttd June HI, has the following para graph : - ' It commenced raining on the morning of the 17th, and haa continued the greater part of yesterday and to-day. So there have been three days1 and two nights' almost constant rain. It may come on again to-nighr, but ldo not, think there will b-; much more. It has been (he finest rain that ha* fallen here for years, and in the course of a few weeks there ought to be abundance of feed.' A communication from Uniberatana, June 21, states that there had been splendid raiiiB that week; and one from Netley, Eastern Plains, reports very heavy rains. A correspondent writes to us from the Blinman Mine, June 24, as fol lows:— 'It began raining on the morning of the 17th, and during that and the three succeeding days it came down eo copiously that all our waters aw renewed, the ground satuiated. and the faces of the sheep and cuttle farmers bright with smiles once more. The mail due here at 3 p.m. on the ISth arrived at 0 p.m. on that day, to the gratifica tion of the many who were expecting their English letters. Messrs. Barnes and Kinvin (guard and driver) were applauded for their efforts to reach this place and their success in doing so They repotted several narrow escapes in crossing the creeks, their horses having Kst their footing and being well nigh carried away by the strength cf the stream.' Talisker Mining Company, Limited.— The half-yearly general meeting of the shareholders in the above Company was held at the office of the Company, No. 9, Huidley-street, on Thursday, June 27 ; Mr. Wm. Everard, Chairman of the Board of Directors, in the chair. There were ten share holders present. The Directors reported that a large sum had been expended in furnaces, ma chinery, plant, &.c, as they felt, that the more ex tensive the scale upon .vhich the property was worked the fuller and speedier would lie the suc cess. They also stated that in conformity with the intention conveyed in the report of Dec. 31, VM, no ores had been shipped, but all had been converted into silver-lead, aud a net Kain of 30s. per ton of ore had been theiehy ensured, in addition to the certainty of a ready sale for silver-lead, and a net return of £30 per ton could now be reliea on. The debenture bowta, amounting to £3,225, would become redeemable on the 1st August next ; the holders of the larger portion having signified their willingness to renew them for a period of one or ten years, the Cirecters recommended the offer to be accepted. The total amount of calls to May 2 ) was £i 5s. per share, making in the aggregate, £1 ,0C8 18s. 8d., of which £1.403 was received during the past half-year. The total quantity of sijvcr-lead and silver-lead ore shipped to date, with that now lying a: the mine, represented a value of £21,419 net proceeds, that being taken from one lode out of 17 known to exist in the Company's sections. A report by Mr. Abrahams, the Secretary, was aluo read, detailing the pro gress of the mine and the general arrangements for its working, with suggestions of improvements and concluding by the expression of his belief that with vigorous operations the mine would in a very few months relieve the Company of its liabilities, and compensate the shareholders for their outlay and perseverance. A favourable report was also received from Captain Wm Hy. Price, the super intendent. Some ores of a very high percentage were also upon the table. A balance-sheet was presented, with a statement of liabilities to the amount of £20,601 5s. 4d. ; assets, £14,5!}5 (Ss. Id. Mr. Charnock moved, and Mr. Mackay seconded, the adoption of the reports and balance-sheet, the former remarking that he thought they were as satisfactory as they could txpect He had no doubt if they went on working they would come to a successful result, and repay themselves for the trouble and expense they had l-een to. Captain Mackay seconded. The Chairman xemaikei that their great difficulty was the want of capital, the item of interest paid to the Bank being very considerable. But the ap pliances now being more complete and effective than ever they had been, he trusted they would soon have a good result to show to the share holders. The adoption of the report was agreed to. The Hon. L. Glyde moved— 'That the Di rectors of the Talisker Mining Company be and are hereby authorized to borrow on behalf of the said Company by way of renewal of the debenture bonds issued August 1, 1865, and due August I, 1867\. the sum of £5.000. or such less sum as they shall deem sufficient.' He believed if they could manage to get over the 1st of August they would then be able to get along pretty well. They did not intend to issue the whole £5,000 worth at present, but only to the extent of £3,£25, so as to meet the bonds falling due in August next, and about two-thirds of the holders hail already con sented to renew. Mr. W. K Saunder& seconded the resolution, which was carried, and a vote o; thanks to the Chairman terminated the meeting. Sheeppabming in thb Pobt Lincoln District, —The following statement occurs in a letter from Bramfield, June 19:-' No rain to speak about, only a few showers yesterday, and to give you an idea of the quantity we have had I assure you that, with the exception of two dry flocks, every other sheep on the run is being watered every other day the same as in summer. Sesgulab Accident.— A rather curious accident occurred on Tuesday, June 25, at the Williamstown Pound. Four horse: had been impounded for a few days when the o«ner of three of them took his away, leaving the fourth behind. This unfortunate animal, seeing his late companions in durance leaving him, made a headlong rush to join them, utterly disregarding the walla of his prison, and. coming violently in contact with one of the posts of the pound fractured his skull and died in a few minutes. Victoria Theatrr— On Thursday night the frequenters of the Victoria had the pleasure of witnessing their old friend 'Rory O'More' very creditably put on the stage. Kory himseH received ample justice at the hands of Mr. O'Brien, who portrayed with instinctive tkill all the finer quali ties of the Irishman. The brogue and the Hibernian manner were both sufficiently decided witkout betraying any artificial t-ffort. Mr. tayner's Shan Dim was very well acted in all but the Hibernian; a very good conventional scoundrel, only he might hare given up the ghost a little more neatly. In speech and appearance* there was a great amount of desperation and vi'lany expressed. Mr. Young's Scrubbs and Mr. Musgrave'a De Welskin were each amusing in its way. Mrs. Jackson's Kathleen can be easily imagined by all who have once seen that lady on the stage. It was tender and expressive, wanting nothing but the Hibctnianism, which was very prudently left unattempted. The performance con cluded with the Irish comedy 'His Last Lpgs.'' To night ' The Cortican Brothers' is to be pro duced for the benefit of Mr. liayner. Mb. Kaykeu's Benefit.— There are no doubt many who will be glad to be reminded that Mr. Iiayner takes his benefit to-night. This actor came heralded by a high reputation, and it must be admitted that when he has had an opportunity of doing justice to himself he has sustained his reputation. His Hamlet, for instance, was a very refined aud agreeable impersonation, which would have wtll repaid frequent repetition. It is true some of his other characters have fallen short of the high standard which wa3 originally applied to him, but we believe that this will rot be the case with ' The Corsican Brothers.' Not having been presented this season before, it will be a compara tive novelty, and as far at Mr. Hayner himself is concerned we believe he has acted judiciously in selecting it. It is to be hoped Uiat to-night both the attendance and the acting will prove as much. XXX Dr. Carr.— There was a large attendance at Dr. Carr's mesmeric seance in White's Room on Thurs day evening, June 27. Mr. C. Todd presided. In compliance with invitations sent by Dr. Carr seven or eight medical gentlemen, including Drs. Bayer, Butler, Clark, Gunson, Spicer, &c;, met on the platform to test the genuineness of the mesmeric power exerted by the operator. Three subjects, those who have been mesmerized before, including the lad who travels with Dr. Carr, a policeman, and a young man named Petrie, were selected as those upon whom the experiments should be per formed. The lad Johnny had his arm mesmerized, aud whilst in a completely conscious state had a finger-nail taken off by one of the medical gentle men present. He did not evince the slightest symptom of pain whilst this painful operation was being executed. >A similar operation was proposed, to be done with one of the other subjects, hut was not carried 'put. through the strong disapprobation shown by the audience, several of whom rose and ex pressed themselves satisfied with what had already uccu none, mm mcir uisupprovai oi anyiiung further of a I ike nature. The hands of the subjects were probed with needles, &c;, without producing any visible effect. Dr. Bayer mentioned that he had a patient in the ante-ioom who required an operation to the foo:, and expressed a wish that he should be mesmerized anil operated on at once. Dr. Carr tcpaired to the room in question; and on returning, stated to the audience that the young man was a comparatively easy subject, but he declined to be operated on upon the stage. However, ulti mately arrangements were made that the young man should give Dr. Carr a sittins tod.iy, and iu the evening should be reduced to the mesmeric state, and the opetation on his foot performed by Dr. iJay-r. The astonishing power possessed by the operator was strikingly exhibited in the rapidity with which he awoke his subjects from their mes meric trance and put them iu it again. The whole of the manifestations were most closely scrutinized by the gentlemen on the platform. At the close of tin's part of the proceedings Dr. Gunson, in ex pressing his opinion of the effects lie had seen produced, stated his undoubted belief in the operator's power. He, however, doubted whether mesmerism could be extensively applied as a sub stitute foi chloroiorm in cases where surgical treat nunt was necessary. The possession of the power tii » t not Seem to be general enough to admit of its being practically utilized. Dr. C.ark, in his turn, Ktaied his persoi al conviction of the truth oi mesmciiiin, although lie discredited animal mag netism and electro- molo;.'}'. lie admitted, however, that mesmeric influence imide the patieiit in sensible to pain. At ilie tame time he could not sec how it was to supersede chloroform as an aniesthetic. He personally defied Lr. Carr or any other man to mesmerize Jiim. Dr. Spiusr unreservedly pronounced his iiersonul judgment on what he hud seen. What had been done that evening only continued in his mind an opinion which was the result of several years' observation, that mesmerism was a great fact. He had, during the period he mentioned, beheld a number of things which he regarded as wonderful and incom prehensible, but because he did not, or others did not, understand them did not prove them to bs untrue. Ue had himself practised the power, which, although possessed only in a limited degree, had enabled him to mesmerize a few per sons. He had rigidly watched and examined the subjects that evening, and his opinion was that they did not feel whit they were being subjected to. He described the operation of removing a finger-nail to be one of the most ex cruciating operations which could be performed. He mentioned that he had examined the iris and pupil of the eye of ihe patients whilst they were jeniR experimented on. He found there was not the slightest action of the pupil, which remained quite fixed and rigid. He defied any person to put bis iris into that condition, he expressed his opinion that mesmerism was invaluable as an Pgent for producing insensibility to feoliue. There were many diseases and condition* cf the bod- in which no medical man would venture to administer chloro form, and in them mesmerism would be most innocuous and useful. Dr. Bayer concurred in the remarks made by Dr. Spicer. In response to a vote of- thanks accorded to the Chairman, with one likewise to the medical gentlemen and the subjects who, to subseive the ends of science, and to give convincing proofs of the boua fide character of Dr. Carr's power as a mesmerist, had consented to be surgically operated upon. entire belief in the genuineness of the effects. The seance concluded with some of the more ludicrous of mesmeric manifestations.> Chess by Tkleguapu.— The following is the pame by telegraph between two gentlemen at Uawler Town, Dr. Pophatn and Mr. Brunskill (members of the Chess Club there), and two at Port Adelaide, Messrs. R. B. Hale and W. Brad dock (members of the Club there), the commence ment of which we published on Thutsday. It terminated in favour of the Port players, their onnoaents resigning at the 52nd move :— WHITE. BLACK. (Gawler Town.) (Port Adelaide.) 1\. FtoiU's 1. PtoQ'sB4 2\. K's 1» to Q's B 4 2.PtoK3 ?A. Q to K's is :i (a) :{. P to Q's R 3 4\. P to Q's It 4 4. Kt to Q's B 3 5\. PtoU's3 5. PtoQ'sKt3(i) 0\. Kt to Q's R 3 (5. Kt to Q 5 (c) 7\. Q to K's Kt 3 r. P to Q's Kt 4 W) 8.JftoQ'sB3 S. P takes » 9\. P takes Kt 9. P take3 P on Q 6 10\. Q takes P on Q's 3 10. Q to Q's U 4-ch (e) 11\. Q's B to Q 2 1 1. Q takes Q's K P 12\. K's Kt to K 2 li P takes Q P 13\. Kt takes P 13. PtoQ3(/) 14\. Castles K's side 14. Q to Q tig) 15\. K's It to K'a sq. (A) 15. r to K's 4 16\. Kt to K's B 3 18. Kt to K's B 3 17\. P to K's li 3 17. P to K's K 3 18\. Kt to Q's B 4 (0 18. It to Q's Kt so.. 19\. BtoQsU5 W. QtoK.TO') 2D. K's K t takes K's P 2U. li to Q's Kt 2 SI. 1$ to Q's B 7 21. It to u'a B sq. 22\. B takes P on Q 6 2i It to Q's sq. 23\. Q to Q's Kt 3 (k) 23. K's B takes B 24\. Q takes B 24. li takes Kt 25\. Q takes R's P (e) 25. Q to K 2 26'. QtoB6(ch) 2i KttoQ.2 '27. Q's R to Q sq. 27. C istles 28\. Q's K to Q 5 w) 2S. Kt to Kt sq. 2!t. Q to Q's Kt 5 29. K takes li m. Q takes li 30. Kl to Q 2 '31. Kt takes B (n) 31. Kt takes Kt 32\. K to Q's sq 32. K to Q's B sq. Si. P to K's B 4 33. Kt to Kt 3 34\. P to K's Kt 3 34. Q to Q's K 2 (ch) 35\. QtoQ4 35. Q tikes Q 3& R takes Q 3«. li to Q's B 8-(ch) 37\. K to K's B 2 37. R to Q's B 7-(ch) 33\. K to K's H 3 38. K takes P 39\. RtoQ7 39. KttoK'sBsq. -JO. It to Q 8 40. R to Q's Kt 6-(ch) 41\. K to K's Kt 4 41. P to K's Kt 3 42\. R's P to R 4 42. K to Kt 2 43\. P to K's B 5 43. P to it 4-(ch) 41\. KtoB4 44.JUoQ'sKt3 45\. It to Q's 5 45. Kt to it 2 4(-. P takes P 4tf. K takes P 47\. K's P to K 5 47. R to Q's Kt 5--ch) 48\. K to K 3 48. Kt to B sq. 49\. R to Q i 49. R takes R 50\. K takes R 50. K to K's B 4 51\. K to Q 5 51. Kt to Kt's 3 White resigns. (a.) A departure from the ordinary mode of play which cannot be recommended. P to Q 4 would have been the proper move. (6.) The following mode of play seems stronger:— 1 5. Kt to Q 5. 6.QtoQsq. |6. QtoR4(ch) 7\. B to Q 2 (cr A). 7. Q to Kt 3. with the I best game. Vabiation A. 7\. P to Q B 3. 1 7- ,P *- Q K.1 *- *ith the '.'''* I tetter position. (c.) The initiatory move of a pretty scheme to entrap White. (d.) Ingeniously played, and as ingeniously evaded. (e.) The winning of a Pawn which this move effects scarcely counterbalances the loss of time it occasions hi developing Black'B game on the King's side. (/.) B to Q B 4 seems better calculated to free Block's game. to.) Indispensable to prevent White playing Q Kt to Kt 5, which would cost Black their Queen. (/t.) KR to Q Bis likewise a good move. (i.) White are wisely concentrating their forces on Black's weakest point. 0'.) An evident oversight B to Kt 2 would have been better. Black's position is, however, beBct with difficulty. {k.) White's play in this pretty combination has hitherto been irreproachable; but here they falter in the attack, as the move in the text involves the loss of a piece. Q R to Q would have preserved their well-earned trophies. {I.) The remainder of the game is now devoid of interest, owing to the mistake White have com mitted, as with ordinary careful play Black with a piece ahead must win in the end. (m.) White might now have won the exchange, and have somewhat retrieved bis position by i takes Kt (n.) Through the oversight Black committed in their last mo.e White might now have won a piece by playing K to Q sq. TheNobth-Eastern District.— A telegram in our issue of Thursday stated that an important meeting of squatters had been held on Tuesday last at Outalpa. This should have been Tetulpa, I which was the place of meeting. We shall publish t to-morrow a full report of the meeting by a gentle ' man from this office who weat up specially to 1 leriortiL 