? ito MmMdhx. ; ? ???— — ? — $— — — ; ''' '' BROKEN AT LAST. Chapter III. — (Continued.) 'George, my boy,' said his father, 'I have no -doubt, 'from all you tell me, that it would be a suit .-able match for you. I am getting a good deal the -worse of the wear, and most probably I woH't be long 8 trouble to this world; but before I go I would like to see you settled, my boy. You will have a good deal, all of which I have laboured for many a year ; take care of it ; don' be extravagant ; and remember the old saying, 'that 'tis easy to make but hard to ieep.'\ . 'There is no. doubt, father, about her having a very large fortune ; and besides, she is a very fasci nating person.' ' Make sure about the fortune, at any rate, fieorge.' 'Oh, I believe we may make our minds easy on that point.' . ? 'Well, but be always on the safe side, my boy, if you can ; and when this is arranged I will make -whatever settlement you wish for.' George Adams did not mention to hi3 father the fear that was greatest at his heart, and that was the rivalry of Gerald Everard. Gerald and George &dams; were old acquaintances. When they were boys there was always a rivalry between them, which faded away, however, as they grew up and diverged into different courses of life; now this conflict brought back their schoolboy-days vividly to George'g mind, and he thought to himself that they were doomed by some mysterious destiny to be for ever at cross-purposes with each other. He came to the conclusion that Gerald was consciously, or unconsci ously, his natural enemy ; and he made up his mind to vanquish him in the manner he best could. He was not slow in coming to a conclusion as to how he should put this design into execution ; but the greatest caution was needed in order to attain complete success. jhe discussion which so engaged the attention of the brothers was drawn to a close by footsteps ap proaching the door; and a short time after the latch was raised, and Mr. George Adams entered, to the astonishment of all, and the no small con iternation of Mary, who attached a superstitious importance to the coincidence. 'Wifiha God save you kindly, sir !' replied Tom, half-gaping at his unusual visitor. Mary was so confused that she threw down a chair, and let her ball of woollen thread and needles fall In the ashes, which latter accident was immediately availed of by a frolicsome young cat. Seizing the ball between his paws, he. managed, by a most dex terous movement, to spin it into the fire ; and Mary's tfforts to rescue it from the flames added still more . to her discomfiture, so that between the whole of them she scarcely knew what she was doing. 'Don't disturb yourself, Mary,' said George in his blandest toaes ; 'I was below at the ' slob,' to try and shoot some duck ; and as I was passing so near, I thought I would call in. What a comfortable little place you have here! all your doing, Mary.' This last remark was evidently intended to con ciliate Mary, who had not yet quite recovered her composure. 'Well, 'tisu't bad, sir, thanks be to God!' replied Tom. ' Did you shoot aay o' the ducks, sir ?' asked Billy. 'No, indeed, Billy,' said Mr. Adams, not in the least degree disconcerted by the question ; they are ?0 very wild that it is impossible to get within range More they fly off.' 'Well, there's a mortal dale of 'em there some times ; an' as tame now as the geese there under the dresser.' 'They are always a bit wild in the frost, Billy.' ' Myself and Tom and Mr. Gerald Everard was down there last Monday was a fortnight, wasn't it Tom?' . . 'Yes, about that sometime,' answered Tom. ' We warn't there but a short time, an' he shot «even, I think.' 'Does Mr. Everard go on the water much now ? ne used to very fond of it?' iuquired George carelessly. Ponder of it, than ever sir,' replied Tom ; and then he added, with an expression of arch simplicity, »s if he wanted to probe some secret wound, ' an the ladies are just as fond ; 'twould amuse you, now, if you wor to see Miss Mary and Miss Agnes, and that handsome young lady, that come lately to Mr. Massy' s wyant steerin'the boat, and Mr. Gerald and Mr. ^rank Stevens pullin' for the bare life.' 'Thatis Miss Baillie?' 'Yes, sir; the captain's daughter, you know —and a nice civil gentleman he is too.' ' Does Captain Baillie often go out with them V ^wed George. ? . ' Well, no then, he doa't — sometimes, but not often, —but sure enough the others ought to be tired « it, for they're «t it every day reg'lar.' _ Gwrge'a anxiety, to: pick up information about **» Baillie'B movements threw kim off hia guard ; and Tom, with a quickness of perception which is not uncommon amongst his class, saw it at once, and determined to take advantage of h& opportunity in order to learn what his intentions were with reference to Miss Baillie. 'I believe sir, she have a power o' money.' 'Indeed!' /Yes, sir. a power o'money ; and I am towld too —I doa't know myself how thrue it is—that Mr. Gerald above is a great favourite there.' 'Indeed!' . 'Oh, yes, sir; a great favourite !'? 'And you really believe that Mr. Evarard is pay ing Miss Baillie attention ?' 'Oh, begor, sir; how would the likes of me know ? only what I hear among the neighbours'. ' But you have seen them driving and beating a good deal together, and all that sort of thing ?' ' At it mornin', noon, and night, sir !' said Tom, drawing his brawney hand slowly over his head from his poll to his forehead, and looking up at Mr. Adams with an expression of simplicity which was beyond all all suspicion. George was silent for a moment) and an uneasy twitch of his eyebrows — -which did not escape the keen eye of the boatman— showed that the thoughts which were passing through his mind at the moment were not of the most agreeable kind. 'Well, Tom, Miss Baillie is, I believe, a pretty girl, and I hope Mr. Gerald will not be disappointed.' 'Myself don't know, sir; but, by all accounts, 'twould be badly wantin'.' 'I believe so, Tom; I believe so,' said George, shaking hi3 head. ' Indeed, I'd be sorry for him ; but I believe he continues the same hazardous game still.' ' Oh, begor, sir, I don't know one way orth' other about him,' replied Tom, skilfnlly warding off this direct onslaught on his confidence. 'We'll believe as muck of that as we like,' said George, in a bantering way! 'I know now who could lay hia hand on as good a bottle of brandy and as good a roll of tobacco as could be found in all Ireland.' 'Begor, sir, if it be me you mane, you're greatly mistaken, for I never had hand, act, or part in any such thing ; nor do I know any one that had, what's more!' 'Take care of the ganger, Tom !' said George laughing. 'Oh, never fear, sir; the ganger will have nothing to do with me.' ' Never mind, Tom,' said Mr. Adams ; and then he added more seriously, .' Tom, if yo» ever get into a difficulty, you may depend oh me as your friend.'' 'I'm much obleeged to you, sir; but wid the blessin' o' God, as long I lives quite and dacent, there's no danger o' that.' Mr. Adams, having paid rather a long visit with out eliciting any particular information on certain points about which he was anxious, rose to take his departure. 'Begor, she is a nice one !' said Billy, taking the double-barrel from the corner, and examining it with the eye of a connoisseur before handing it to Mr. Adams. ''Tis rather a 'pretty instrument, Billy,' he replied. ' The moon ain't up yet, but you'll have a fine night , sir,' said Tom, opening the half door. ' There's no danger that I'll lose my way, Tom ;' and Mr. Adams, having bade the people of the cottage a cordial good-night, set out for his own home. 'Safe home, Mr. Adams I' Tom said in an almost fervent tone of voice, as he turned the corner of the boreen that led from the fisherman's cabin down to the road. ' I'm afeard he'll be waitin' for us, Tom,' Billy half whispered. 'I wish it was any other night, Billy ; there's something in that fellow's mind that's not gaod.' ' What need we care about him, sure. What can he do ?' ' Well, Billy, if he's bint on mischief, an ' I think he is, he'll do his best, — take my word for it.' CHAPTER IV. As George Adams pursued his solitary way nome wards from the cottage of the fishermen, he carefully reviewed in his mind the results of his visit. It was quite clear to him that these men were too wily to be trapped into any thing like confidence, how ever plausible and judicious the means used to extract information from them ; still there was, in the very caution exhibited, sufficient to show that they were auxiliaries in the contraband dealings in which, as we have suggested, Mr. Everard waa suspected to have been engaged. George Adams had fairly made up his mind to ruin the family at Glencarrig, as the only means of securing the hand of Miss Baillie. There was a way of doing this which would be certain to succeed if due caution waa observed ; but the utmost caution wa3 necessary; for not only should the net be successfully drawn, but it should be done in such a manner that the chief agent should escape all suspicion, and should appear more in the light of a sympathiser than an enemy. There was a large dinner-party at GUnaarrig that night, and all the gueBts were as merry as guests ever are where there is a bountiful host with com mand Of a well-stocked cellar. George Adams, as he passed along the road skirting the shore under Glencarrig, his mind busily engaged plotting a triumph over his rival, could see the light streaming from the windows, and could hear the faint euhoes of the revelry within, which were borne'on the breeze seawards. He paused and listened, and still the fitful bursts of song and laughter came down through the glen, leaving in the intervals no sound to break the stillness of the night save the monotonous splash of the waves dashing against the rocks underneath the road, where he stood. Having remained stand ing in one spot for some time, he turned almost mechanically, and proceeded along a narrow pathway through a dark shrubbery towards the scene of the festivity. r He came so close to the house that he could plainly distinguish the forms of the several persons who sat and enjoyed them3elve3 around the board of Mr. Everard. Although he and his father had been always near neighbours of the Everards, they were by no means on terms of , familiarity with each other. Mrs. Arthur had some notions that they were not sufficiently pur sang to associate with the 'gentry' of the county ; Mr. Adams sen. having been at one time bailiff to Lord Hawthorn, who ruled these parts by deputy, and enjoyed life in some of the fashionable resorts abroad. Mr. Everard had, perhaps, some wise reasons for not coming' into close contact with - them ; and Gerald, although he accidentally met George Adams once or twice since his return from Austria, did not feel disposed to renew the intimate acquaintance of his former schoolfellow. Still, whenever they did meet, they were always civil to each other; civil but nothing more. George Adams never bestowed a thought on the danger he ran of placing himself in a very unpleasant predicament, until he was within a few perches of the house, and then he cautiously kept within the thick shade of the trees, from which he had a full view of all that waa going on without the least chance of detection. There was the same boisterous hilarity which always rules on such occasions ; and as George Adams looked through the window, from which the curtains had been drawn aside, on the ruddy faces of the bacchanals, he experienced a feeling of jealousy taking hold of his heart, and a determination to humble the Everards and make them suffer for the slight they had offered him on this as well as on other occasions by not inviting him. He could see Lane the attorney, who was generally esteemed the star of every social gathering throughout the country, and could hear the roars of laughter which some joke of his had called forth. M'Curdie the excise man was there too ; and his health, proposed by the facetious attorney in enthusiastic terms, was res ponded to by the entire assembly with loud applause and laughter, and repeated 'hip, hip, hurras !' and he saw Mr. M'Curdie stagger, to his feet and hiccup out a drunken reply, shaking hands with his host, and calling them all 'jolly good fellows.' The latter generous sentiment evoked considerable merri ment, and was greeted by cries of 'Bravo Sam! bravo Sam!' from every quarter; after which Sam M'Curdie solemnly subsided into Ms chair, and was aroused again from a kind of lethargic stupor by a call from Lane to 'mix another draught of the mouHtain-dew,' with a funny allusion to its having seen the face of a gauger for the first time that night ; at which the intoxicated excise-officer laughed im moderately, and called Lane a regular 'old brick ;' and said he was ' happy — very happy,' with several other incoherent remarks, which received their due amount of applause from his admirers. George Adams watched these proceedings with an absorbing interest and a shrewed suspicion as to the drift and meaning of it all. How he hated these Everards, with their ridiculous pride and their super cilious airs ! even then he could not but feel a sense of personal abasement at the position in which he stood there, at such an hour, spying about the house of a man, whose family had always contemptuously ignored him. The drawingroom, too, was blazing with light, and the rich strain of melody which fell upon his ear told of a more refined and intellectual enjoyment within the walla of Glencarrig House. It was Mary warbling oae of the exquisitely plain tive melodies of her native laud, whilst she accom panied herself on the harp. He had now for more than an hour been crouching under the shadow of the trees, whose branches, interweaving with one another, produced even in the daytime a deep shade, and at night a perfectly impenetrable gloom. The music ceased, and the last light touches of the harp were succeeded by a conversation carried on in a sub dued tone. George Adams thought to himself as he stood there, as if riveted by some strange fascina tion, that the very moment his rival might be near Miss Baillie, Bpeaking to her words of affection and tenderness, and winning the allegiance of her young heart. He was startled from theae reflections by aa apparition so astonishing that h« crouched still Lower towards the earth, and hald hia breath leafc th« slightest stir might betray hia presence there. On oloaer scrutiny he van amased to find that it was Miss Baillie leaning on Gerald's arm. They came so* close to him that he could hear the lowest whisper. He dared not move, and yet he felt an almost irresis tible impulse to break from his hiding-place, amd fell his tormentor to the earth ; he was in a perfect agony of rage and terror, and more than once ha grasped his gun — the 'double barrel' which had so attracted the admiration of Billy — with a convulsive vehemence that nearly proved fatal to a chance of1 further concealment. .' Did you hear that noise, Gerald ?' asked Miss ' Baillie, startled by one of these sudden bursts. ' Ye3, dearest,' replied Gerald with a benderness which drove George Adams wild with torture ; 'it is the rustling of the birds ; these shrubberies afford shelter to hosts of them.' ' ' 'I fear we shall be missed in3ide; what would „,,. be said if it were known that I could be guilty of -. such frightful conduct!' said Miss Baillie, with a half -coquettish air. 'You need not fear that our friends are sa un--. reasonable as to think otherwise of you than as they ' ought to think.' , ;?????? '? - ?'? ' And how is that, pray ?' ?? :. -. ^ 'As one of the most charming creatures living,' Vv- replied Gerald. .-; A faint smile was the only answer to this compli- '' ment, and both became silent for some time. Misa v Baillie broke the reverie into which they had fallen, by asking abruptly, ' Gerald, are you at all super* stitious V ? ? George Adms could see her fair face upturned ; and under the pale light of the moon, which had just ' then emerged from a pile of fleecy clouds, it wore an. ' expression so spiritual, so intensely refined, so beau- ' tiful, that he could not but feel a devotion towards' . her free for the time from every mercenary thought, '?. ' ' Superstitious, dearest ! ' ' repeated Gerald ; * ' why do you ask such a question ?'' ' Simply because I want to know.' ' Well, then, perhaps I am, although I have never ? yet seen ghost or goblin, and, sceptical as I may wish to appear, I cannot repress a kiad of vague feeling about such things. I suppose this arise* t from the peculiarity of my Celtic nature, which always has so strong a yearning after the superna tural ; but I cannot imagine why you should ask me such a question so seriously.' . ' I do not exactly mean what you speak of ; what I mean is, have you ever had a strange feeling — a strong presentiment of some coming event, the ! shadow of which hangs like a dark pall over your f soul ? — have you ever felt that something would occur — some sorrow or some misfortune— without having at the same time any reasonable grounds for fearing ill ?' ??..,- 'I believe there have been some extraordinary, instances of presentiments turning out realities ; but' why you should have got into such a weird train of thought is more than I can divina. ' 'Perhaps, indeed,' she replied, 'it is foolish and absurd of me to allow mere empty fancies .to'1 have any influence over my mind; but for some time ? I have had a curious feeling which I could not shake off by any effort of will or reason. We have been very happy, dearest Gerald, since that day when our hearts became known to each other, and the union of our hearts was blessed with the approval of our dear parents ; we have lived in a kind of blissful dream ; : but I cannot conceal from you a foolish fear and vague mysterious dread that has been pressing upon me, and making me melancholy for the last fort night. I have no reason to apprehend the truth of it; on the contrary, 1 have every reason to believe that it is nothing more than an illusory phantom ; still here it sits,' and she placed her white hand on her bosom, ' and I cannot drive it off ; it is,- dearest, that you and I must part ; that some power superior to ours will separate U3, or that there is some disas ter impending over you or me, or some one with whom we are associated by the dearest interests.' What it is, or how I came to entertain such an idea I cannot tell ; but, as I have told you, it has taken such strong possession of mj feelings that I cannot drive it off by anj effort.' She spoke with a degree of earnestness that Gerald grew more serious, and could not help feeling grave concern at this revelation of her fears. 'Dearest,' he said, and as he spoke there was a tenderness of tone in his voice and manner which showed the affectionate anxiety with which he re garded her misgivings, ' these fears are but natural, and with God's assistance, altogether groundless. I. can very well understand them and I need not say sympathise with them ; but you must not allow your mind to be disturbed by what are mere fancies. You, must struggle against them, and be more hopeful and more trustful of the future. Everything is opposed to the probability, almo»t to the possibility, of their realisation. If we were placed under different cir cumstances — Buffering under the opposition of friends or enemies — then indeed there might be cause for your fear ; but the course of our love is not im peded by any of these obstacles. In the history of Iover3 it never yet flowed 30 smoothly,' he added, with a smile ; ' and you may rely upon it, it is as jet only the dawn — the full noon of our happiness is still to shine out, be convinced, without a shadow t# darken ita brightness !' ' ' ? ? ? ? - , ?. - Jt'\ ? . — ?- u-T-s* ? 