ROYAL LETTERS. ' ., The papers presented to Parliament respecting the British captives in Abyssinia contain two letters from King Theodore to Her Majesty. The first; translated, is as follows --" In the name of the Father, of the Son, and of the Holy, Ghost, one God, Amen. From the servant of our Lord and His created Being the son of David, the son of Solomon, the King of i Kings (of Ethiopia), Theodoras. To her whom God has exalted above-all Sovereigns and glorified above all Princes and peoples, and made the Defender of the Christian Faith, and the succour of the poor and oppressed, Victoria, Queen of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland. Had tim illustrious Hormuzd Rassam, whom your Majesty has mentioned to us in your letter, not been sent to us about the matter of Cameron and others, but the lowest of your servants, he would have been received graciously by us. We now send, with Formed Rassam, Cameron and all the other Europeans about whom your Majesty has written. Your Majesty can learn from those who fear the Lord the ill-treatment and abuse which we have received at the hands of the above-mentioned Europeans, and the Copts who called himself Metropolitan, the Abeona Salama. In my humble position I am not worthy to address your Majesty, but, illustrious Princes and the deep ocean can bear everything. I, being an ignorant Ethiopian, hope that your Majesty will overlook my shortcomings and pardon my faults. The people whom we have imprisoned for their reviling and defaming us did so because the Gallas had proved victorious over the Royal children of Israel and had humbled them ; but God has empowered me, the son of one of the humble women of Israel, to regain that which had been lost by my forefathers. Doubtless your Majesty has learnt how ignorant and blind the people of Ethiopia are wherefore I beg of your Majesty not to take amiss the mistakes I may make in my correspondence with you. Counsel me, but do not blame me, O Queen ; whose majesty God has glorified, and to whom he has given abundance of wisdom Dated the 22nd day of January, 1858 (29th of January, 1866)." But the King did' not, in fact, let the Europeans go. On the 13th of April, the day appointed by him for their departure, they were stopped and put in prison again and on the 17th the King wrote another letter to Her Majesty, stating that he had kept her servant, Mr. Hor- muzd Rassam, for the sake of consulting together upon the extension of our friendship." The prisoners were, in fact, detained as hostages for the arrival of the English artisans demanded, and to prevent any aggressive movement against him. In an interview which the King had with his German workmen he said, " If I let them go, what shall I have in hand ?" Under those circumstances the reply of Her Majesty took the form of a remonstrance :-" Victoria, by the grace of God, able, to Theodore, King of Abyssinia, soviets greeting." After reciting the facts which had occurred, this Royal letter proceeded as follows : " Your Majesty must be aware that it is the sacred duty of Sovereigns scrupulously to fulfil engagements into which they may have entered, and that the persons of ambassadors, such as our servant Rassam, and those by whom they are accompanied, are among all nations assuming to be civilized, invariably held sacred. We have therefore the more difficulty in accounting for your Majesty's hesitation, and we invite your Majesty to prove to the world that you rightly understand your position among Sovereigns, and do not desire to neglect the international duties which it is incumbent on all Sovereigns to fulfil. Your Majesty may be assured that we shall be disposed to attribute to misapprehension on your part, rather than to ill-will towards us, the delay which has occurred in the return of Rassam and those whom you had engaged to send with him but in the uncertainty which we cannot but fool as to your Majesty's intentions, we cannot allow Find to be the bearer of those tokens of goodwill which we purposed that he should convey to your Majesty. But in full confidence that the cloud which has darkened the friendship of our relations will pass away on the return of Fred, and desiring that you should as soon as possible there- after receive the articles which he had proposed to send to your Majesty in token of our friend- ship, we have given orders that those articles should be forthwith sent to Massowah to be delivered for conveyance to your Majesty's Court, to the officers whom you may depute to conduct our servant Rassam and our servant Cameron and the other Europeans so far on their way to our presence. And so we bid you heartily farewell. Given at our Court at Balmoral, the 4th day of October, in the year of our Lord 1860, and in the 30th of our reign. Your good friend, Victoria R." Sealed with the large signet, and superscribed. "To our Good Friend, Theodore, King of Abyssinia." This has been followed at a later date by a letter from the Secretary of State, dated the 16th of April, 1867 :-" I am commanded by the Queen, my Sovereign, to state to your Majesty that she had expected to learn by this time that the prisoners, respecting whom Her Majesty wrote to you, on the 4th of October last, had been all released and had arrived at Massowah, and that the presents which were awaiting their arrival at Massowah were already on their way to Abyssinia. The Queen regrets to find that although you had become acquainted with the contents of the letter, by the copy sent up by Mr. Find, you had hesitated to comply with her Majesty's wishes for the release of the prisoners, and, instead of sending them at once to Massowah to be exchanged against the presents, had looked still to obtain the presents on the faith of your own assurance that on the receipt of them you would release the captives. Looking to what has already passed the Queen cannot again write to your Majesty; but she has desired me to write, and to say that her determination, as expressed in Her Majesty's letter, of which you know the contents, is unchanged and unchangeable, and-that, so far from being willing to allow the presents to go on before the prisoners have reached Massowah, the Queen has sent orders that the present shall be returned to Europe, unless the British authorities at Massowah are satisfied within three months after the despatch of this letter from that port, a copy of which is sent by three diflbreutmosaongoi-a,thattho prisoners are actually released and on their way to the coast. It that case the return of the presents may be deferred for such time as may suffice for the prisoners toporformtho journey to Massowah on their arrival at which place the presents will be made over to your agains. The Queen has forbidden her agents to enter into further correspondence on these matters. Her Majesty requires, for the last time, by her Secretary of State, that the prisoners should be made over to her and she trusts that your Majesty will be sufficiently well advised to comply with her demand rather- than forfeit the friendship which, notwithstanding all that has happened, the Queen is still disposed to entertain for you. Having thus fulfilled the commands of the Queen, my Sovereign, I bid your Majesty heartily farewell. Your sincere friend, Stanley." With this the official correspondence closes. Nothing more was to be said. 