EIIGHTON" "WESLEYAN METHODIST CHUItCII. Only a month or two ago it was our pleasing duty to report the completion of a church in the valley of Highton, which had been built for the accommodation of .the members of the Church of England, resi dent in the district. It is now our pleasing duty to announce that the corner stone of j a new church in connection, with the Wesleyan Methodist denomination was well and truly laid yesterday, by the Rev. James Bickford, in the presence of about one hundred and fifty members of the church. The site selected is one of the prettiest that could well bo imagined, being the re serves just above the cemetery, in which is also situated the school-house, which for years has been made to serve as a place of worship, but has for some time been found inconveniently small. Standing at the porch the spectator can obtain a good view of the romantic valley, dotted hero and there with the elegant villas of the gentry and the lowly dwellings of the small farmers and laborers, while, looking far be yond he can perceive the undulatingcountry in the midst of which is the basin of Lake Connewarre, the view terminating at the I range of sand hills which border on Bass* Straits. The. church, when completed, will be 40ft. x 25ft. inside, and will afford sitting room for about 200 person's. It will be in the Early English-Gothic style, and built of Barrabool freestone, in six-inch courses.: The cost is estimated at .£500, out of which | £130, not including the sum realised yes terday, has already been collected. T(jis does not either include the cartage of ma-| terial—all of which has been gratuitously done by members of the church, and may fairly be put down at £100, making tho amount already contributed £230, and we doubt not the church will soon be free of debt. There will not be anything very I striking in its appearance. It -will be a neat aud substantial edifice, and as such an ornament to the district. Tho proceedings yesterday commenced with the singing of a hymn, after which the Rev.- Mr Greenwood read a portion of the 84th Psalm, followed by a portion of the 12th chapter Epistle of Paul to the j Hebrews. The Rev Mr Slado having offered up a prayer, Mr Edward Adcock 1 n ennv pf tho-- Wesleyan Chronicle, (Seelong Advertiser, (Jcctong ltcgts ter, circuit plan, and a statement had been [ placed in a bottle hermetically sealed, which would be deposited in a cavity pro pared for its reception under the corner stone. Tho following is tho statement | alluded to:— . Gloria in Excelsls, Wesleyan Methodist Church. Highton. The louuuation stone of this church was laid by the licv. James Bickford, superintendent minister of the Gcelong circuit, in the n «iue of the Fa'lier, of the Son, and of the Holy Ghost, oil the eleventh day of Kovcmber, one thousand eight hundred and sixty-seven; it being the thirty-first year of Her most Gracious Majesty's reign, Sir J. II. T. Maimers-Sutton, lC.C.il.,*being Governor of the colony. President of the fionfcrcnce— Rev II. II. Gaud. Secretary of the Conference—Hev B. Chapman. Ministeis of the Circuit—ltev Jnmes Bickford, Rev James W. Crisp and Ilev E. S. Bickford. Chairman of the District—Rev \V. L. Rinks. Church Guninittcc—T. U. Hunt, W. Hill, Caleb Muuntjoy, Joseph Ross, S G. SI'Kcnzin, llenry Johns, John Hobhs, Ivet Cann, Frederick | Worland, Philip Hosking, John Foster, Win'. Honeycomb, Win. Clarke, James Croot and Wm. Bumes. Treasurer—Lawrence Mountjoy, Esq. Secretary—Edward Adcock, Esq. Architect—R. Balding, Esq. Contractors —Messrs Holyoak, Hunter and Pile. God Save the Queen. The stone was then lowered into its position, and was declared, by the Rev James Bickford to be well and truly" laid, in the name of the Father, of the Son, and of the Holy Ghost. ' The rev gentleman then proceeded to address those present. It was not his intention to enter into any long. address; still, during the ceremony he had been subject to many thoughts and majty emotions. The predominant feeling with him had been a great confidence that the Lord, our God, would bless the work they [ had met that day to perform. The laying the foundation stone of chnrches was the I performance of the" work of God, the work of good Christians, and the work of good colonists. He remembered twelve or thirteen years ago, when travelling along that lovely valley, he saw the little brick house adjoining where they stood, and was informed by the Rev Isaac Harding it was used as a church and school-house. Twelve years passed away before he saw - it I again, and before ho had tlio pri vilege of making the acquaintance ■ pf: the Christian people of the - district, and. lie thanked God the words of His servants had been so blessed that the people of the district were in a position to raise such:a structure, the commencement of which they had there assembled to witness. 'After a few., remarks with reference to tho truths advocated -by the Wesleyan Church,''the I revj gentlemen concluded by saying, " May.. the- people be good, be loving, and then* shall we be a happy people." The ceremony terminated with prayer and singing, after which offerings, large and sutafl, wpro placed oil the stono by those assembled, "'l'ho tea meeting whs then held in the school room, several relays having to bo made before all could partake of tho delicacies provided. A public meet' ing was afterwards held in the Church of _ Eng.'aud school room, when addresses woro delivered by the Revs Bickford, Greenwood, Slade, and other gentlemen. Mrs Walters presided at the-harmonium,. and - tho choir sang selections of music. " 