TEX MILE CHEEK RACES, The Prince or Wales' Birih-ilay R-»n?s at the abore ^ I Z f Z went ofTto ilie smisfact on of tho»e present. There iiaa not 1 he u-usl rfrlnv i)iat llmre frenriullv is bet^een 1 lie n.cef, lor no sooner we? one raueov-r t! ft , ,lle r "" g for nEIt , ""' ,il s 10 be ' and iliis a:lileil inueli excitement to tiie dny'tj fport The wing was excellent; there wer.-no «a(t-ove/geverv joeknv nn-'l linnse trieil to do their bi^t. The C.iierion provuled creature comforts for fp^'more. A Cipila! baoili WHS ereeivd, ami wines, s|Hi'it?, and nil the lighter drink- nrocuniblu in (be metroes were to be lia-l, and wliicli were sold a, ,l ^ a " d cn ' u !' 1 - een ''' *' ,,<l toke lll ' i '"^i"! for tl' sime. A capital luicliron ivus laid, got up 111 the very be*t etyle, an 1 which clearly shotted 10 nil pr 'sent that the Ten Mile folks were not iri t/ie back ground in providing creature comforts forthe million. XIie altendance was very large, and one and alt pronounivrl Ihe Te.n Mile Creek Piini-e of Wales Rice* for 18!»7 10 he the beet ever lull un the Creek. A; about Jialf-pist 1 o'clock the racea commenced wiili tlio MAIDEN PLATi;, Or 10 SOTS., for all Horses that have never won an advertised ch prize; g Nutniih, 6 yrs 1 i (Yeomans) miles; one event; Stewart's weight for age ; entrance 1 aov. E. BondV cli 6 Caatonser, 5 yrj X 2 A good race ensued, uhieh resulted in Stewart's Xutwiih, well ridden by Xeomans, coming in the winner, Bond's Casloneer second. The following iiorses also ran :—Galrin's drk g h Emerald, O'Hare's ch g Redan, J. Pabst'a br m Empty Glass, E. Post's b g Playboy. STOCKMAN'S RUBBE, Of B eovs., for all bond fide stock horses, to be approred by the stewards; mile heats j weight 10 stone; post entrance, 15s. R. Donnelly's Armidale 1 E. Post's Pale Face 2 The following also ran:—Pabst'a Duck, O'H&re;'s Black Jack, aud Garry's Buckjumper. TOWS PLATE. • A sweepstake of 10s., with IS SOTS, added, for all horses that have never won an adrertised prize exceeding 20 tors. | twice round the course j entrance, £110s. F. Purtell's b h New Chum, 5 yrs, 9st ... G. Galrin's dr g h Emerald, aged, Sat ... Castoneer, Steersman, and Redan also ran. HURDLE BACB, Of 10 eors., for ail horses; to carry 10 atone; twice round the course, orsr eight Idaps, 3 feet 6 inches high ; entrance 1 sov. Three horses started for tius race, which resulted in Donnelly's Vivid clearing the hurdler with perfect ease, and coming in tbe winner. CONSOLATION SRAEES, Of 6 SOTS., for all Iiorses beaten but not distanced during the meeting j one mile and a distance; entrance, 6s. O'Hare's Eedan» 1 Poet's Steersman 2 This brought the sports to a close, and the aisem blage returned to the Criterion, where the prizes were paid. The whole affair went off must satisfactorily, and we have but little doubt that the Ten Mile Creek will take some stand for the future in racing matters. DEUPIDATED BBISQEB.—We beg to draw the road engineer's attention to the dangerous holes in the bridge at Outtaway Greek, also the approaches to a smaller bridge in the same locality. The culvert between the main bridge and Pabst\ at the Tea Mile Creek, has completely given tray. The approachea to the bridge at Dixon'a Swamp are in a very dangerous condition, from the earth having given way, and the handrails to (ha tlullengandra Bridge, are in a broken anil highly dangerous elate to pedestrians, These matters require Immediate attention. - Poputin READINGS.—The seventh of the series of Popular Seadinga attracted the usual "crowded house." Mr Alpen inaugurated the night's entertainment with an overture on the pianoforte. Mr JE. Brown read from " Pickwid "the address of Sergeant Buzfug to- the jury. Mr Meenan gave a rerilaiion, and being encored read one of Ourran's celebrate:! speeches. Mr Stewart nang Jeannie'e black *ee." Mr J. Walker Jones read Hond'e "Song of the Shirt." Mr Oladow concluded the first part with a solo nn the violin', and was encored-V Af'er the Interval Mr Outtrim sang " When other.lips," and being encored gave " Kathleen." Mr Molt read Addison's " Vision of Minn." 3Ir Alpen rented Rood's masterpiece, "The Bridge of Sighs,". as an artute only can. His suiting the action to the (rord and ihe word to (lie action was a good lesson fo aspiring elocutionists. Mr Alpen's rendering of this exquisite poetio gem reminded us of the expressive and finished point wliich Celeste eqnreys. to her audience upon all occasions. Mr Wngenbach sang '"The lloon Behind the Hill," and was so appnoriited that he aan j in Germin " Tils, Standard BeaUr.",' Mr Stewart reoitod " Mary, the' Maid of ^'tlie. Inn."y Dr. Hester read with considerable Jnimor the vijit of a deputation of strong minded females to tfaeshow of ths lamented ** Attemus Ward." Mr Mott then -read a string of ghost etories, after Wie Sattota^ Anthem terminated the evening's « p b F 