TABLE RAPPING; To the Editor of the Tumut Sf A&elong-; Times. Sib,— I said I would send you the restof my story in time for the paper, and here it is .— Arter tea when the decks were-jcreafred, a large round board like a capstan head, ypa»*placed on the table, and all the ladies wi' Mr. McSham 'and his overseer, Mr. ;Wide*awake, a good-lookin'' but rakish-like young feller, sat round it with their hands placed on it, -'each touchin' the little finger of his neighbour. They were anxious for ine to Join the party, but that cock , wouldn't fight, no !' no ! every man to his callin' say Ij the steersman to bis helm, the gunner to his gun, and the cook to the fore-sheet. As for Mr. Wide awake, I could tell by the lights-m his maia-top :that'alHie cared about was a-sittin' among the gals and playing wi' their fingers. He seemed a great ?favourite with the meejium — Miss-Tcophat — a gross, cunnin* look ing damsel. By-and-by the board began to move to larboard and Btarboard, fore and aft, and to heave up and down, They then put questions to the spirits, many of which I forget ; amongst others 'Miss Toophat said ' Please spirits,' (this is the soft way they speak them, for I'm told they often get rusty and cantankerous, and won't work no how) ?' Will you tell us Mr. Reefer's ago ? ' Shovel shovel, backards and forards went the board twenty seven times, and stopt. I was axed if that was tally. Well, it was within six- months, and I said, ' a close shave, marm.' Miss Toophat's peeping little doy_ lights that Iboked over the tops of her flabby cheeky looked knowin' as much as to say ' what d'ye think o' that ' Wonderfhl, marm,' said T, pretending to be mighty taken aback, but I would have been more-astonished if the board had been farther from the mark. The board made signals that I was a meejium and so was Kittie. I spoae it runs in fami lies !' Of course P swallerd all as- gospel, and Miss Toophat thinking I was a bit green and doocedly easy soft-sawdered, axed me if I'd like to hold per sonal intercourse wi'' the departed,, and she- would t&ke; down the answers in writing. Here's for a try, says I, and I- axes for Lord Nelson. Up came His lordship and answered' to my question as to how he felt without his carkidge. ' Tol;ol,''said he, ' rather dull for an old sea-dog.' I axed him how his old flame, Lady Hamilton, was ? ' She's stunning,'' said h ia- lordfehip, ' and is just now having a quiet yarn wi'' John Bunyan and Tom Piine.' ' Bash my buttons, your lordbhip doesn't mean to say that they are friends in- your hemisfereP' ' OH, great chums, great chums.' I axed him what he thought of Armstrong guns and iron-clads f ' D — n them, thoy'll do away with fighting entirely, every nation will' be- frightened of its neighbour.' He said old Bonyparty and he had a long yarn about them the other day and' condemned them ). Bony and he were great friends and' many a good' laugh tEey had over old times. These answers were written in Nelson's - own handwriting.— so said the meejium. I' called upon George the Fourth,, ha turned up and I put the question as to -what his feelings were now that he had lost his beef. ''Ob, quite jolly-,' said his majesty. I oxed him how Queen Caroline got' on P1 ' Nipping}' says his Majesty, ' she's a sort of' prime minister to old-mother Fry, the filantropist and en joys the society of Bacon, Paley, old Kean, Wilber force, Voltaire, Captain Kidd, Greenacre and' Buoh choice spirits, he himself sometimes-looked in for ' auld lang syne.'^ This was written in the great George's majestic hand. I next got Moses on deck, but as that ancient individooal's comoonication was in Hebrew, none of us could make brace nor bit of it, as Chipp's, the -carpenter, saye, and by jove, I think it-' very likely that1 the- purfessor at Oxford would be non-plushed himself. But sure enough Miss Toophat bad a whole tally of figures and letters set down like- a? string o''' boats fishing for herrin.' Seeing as I hadn't got much out of old Mo. P ared for Joshua. The brave old sojer tumbled up and I axed him if it was true what Colenso says about the beoks of Moees.. 11 Read- for- yourself,'* says he, ' that question's agin rules.' Any old woman could have said that. I axed of old Dr. Doddridge how the spirit of old Herod fared? ' You ought to know that without axking me,' said the old gentle man. My granny could say as much. Such are a few examples of the evening's entertainment, but it struck me -forcibly, as the dolphin said when he felt the harpoon in his back, that Miss Toophat- had more of an eye commoonication wi' Mr Wide-awake than with- the spirits. Just pickter to yourself the spirit o' the first gent o' Europe that wasf tumbling ?np to the whistle of a fat, flabby, pig-eyed piece of' ?humanity in crinoline ! 1 : But this was ioe all, Mr McShanrmust have some fun to close the entertain ment, so he called for old Joe and young Joe Gri maldi ; old Joe presented himself, but young Joe was busy at a consultation with Bonyparty, Julius Cm-aar, Abe Lincoln, Alexander the Great, ould Sam Weller, Rob Roy, Nebuchadnezzar, and old Squeers, ?about the affairs o'' Europe, as old Bony was ex pected to be called upon to give some advice that ^same evenin' to the future Anti-christ, Napoleon III. Mr Wide-awake siipt out giving a knowin' wink to the meeyum, and presently the table and chairs began* to kick- about like a lot of clothes chests, adrift on the cabin floor, in a gale o'' wind. The crockery- outside began to rattle, the pots and pans 'to jingle, the cocks and bens to cackle, the geese to gabble, and the dogs to bark ; then off' goeB ould McSham wi' a double shuffla, declaring he couldn't help it, the fat meejium tackled to and'danced till she was in a lather of sweati Last of alb the table ?''gave a heave that threw the candles down, and we were left in darkness. Arter the glims were alight agin, a palaver started about this spiritualism, as ithey called iir, and I fished out o,:'what waa- oaid, that this debasing sooperstition— a sooperstition blacker ten timeB than any that poor Jack had in his noddle i fifty years ago — was gradually taking* vhe wind out ;of the oails of that craft— the Bible — that my worthy father* and mither had long' sin' teaclied me was the best and safest afloat. Its precepts and docktrines, the surest compass to guide us to the port of Heaven, were by these rappers made light of, and the great 'subject o' its discourse— ^the Atonement1— was re jected, for even the ladies present argufied that eternal punishment was a big bear to frighten chil- , ,dren and the place of woe a smithy. It was quite :a-sickening^? ^om Tacl&e; said when he swallowed his chaw, ^o bear women talk so of holy things. Yes ^ir, this spirit-rapping, table-turning, or spiritualism ia a disgrace to the time we live in. When mariners used to believe in the demon of the Cape of Storms, one blast of whose sulphureous breath laid- Barthy Diaz on kis beam-ends, when they used to whisper low when they talked of tho sea-ape — that hideous Bcaly monster of the deep— of the flying dutchman and such nonsense, we might forgive them if they had believed in this spirit-rapping too, But to think that it is diBgracin' Europe and America of the present day is something orful.. Meejium jugglers have been exposed, common sense and the Scripture condemn a credoolity that might be forgiven- in a poor savage, but is deplorable in a man o' science and a Christian. Tbe desire for knowing something o' the other world Is strong- wi' some folks, and most fascinatin' and schemin' Yankees and cunning gals are finding fools to believe in them every day. It's no use argyfying with such people, they are as sure they have seen what they tell you as Bill Misen was when he- spun his yarn about the sea-sarp ent, which was in truth nothing but an ould hairy mat that used to lay at the cuddy door for the head, and ten fathom o'' log line wi' a junk o' wood at tfce-end for a tail, the whole consarn towed by the ship. So when- we hear of wondrous things related about table-rapping, which were never heard of in nature, we may be eartin that, like Bill Miaen, the yarner omits to tell us something either that he does not know, or'll not tell, but which if told would smash the wonder out o' our heads. Pur feasor Anderson's and Robert Houdin's trioks wouldn't be worth an old chaw if wo knew how they did them, and Purfessor Faraday's experiments wouldn't make us gape and stare if we were all chemists like Eiebig. There i« nothing very improbable in the tables- moving, nor in the fact' that the looker-on doeBn't know how they are moved, but there is- great onlikelihood in the concloosion that they are moved by spirits, for this same oonolooBion is come to on account of that very ignorance; Who know£ anything about spirits or their ways P-' In- days long since- past folk always said a ghost did it, or ould Niok did it, when any thing was done they couldn't understand. It is the : conoloosions- people come- to and not the facts they see that put them out of their reckoning. Honest believers (for I'm sartin Bure there are aioh) get so \- bamfoozled apd stoopified that they listen to the imperint excuses by which impostors atop all inquir ing. Meejiums say whenever any one more ooorious than another wishes to take an-observation ' there's a disturbing influence,' and the hob-goblins- won't work no how while that iadividooal remains. I call'thU bare-faced imperence. What man born is acquainted wi' the feelings of spirits ? Among in dividuals that call themselves meejiams there are rank impostors that ought to- get ropesended, but I believe there- are also silly, whirly-brained beings that impose upon themselves, and like Bill Mizen, stick to what1 they and what th§y. don't fee- but thinV i Now, Sir, the coneloasion I've come to is, either that spirit-rapping ia^all gammon, or that it is a snara of the ould fell&r; himself who makeB all kind of trapB for ua- poor human beings. I' must caution all agin tampering wi'- this debasin sooperstition, better for- them to read the Bible, there's enough revealed in it ; that' chart is* clear and there is no mistaking the coorse to Heaven ; p say better to read their bibles and bend tbeir knees than fiddle ifaddlewith tables. Kittie leaves Donald McSham, Ebq. whenever she can. demand her discharge note ; she will have been quite long enough at Wononton .gollibilligpri»by»the Wattle -dirt-hole; j Yours, &c.;, | BENJAMIN REEFER. 