CHURCH OF ENGLAND SYNOD. Tim first Church of England synod for the diocese of Goultburn met on Thursday last. The clergy and lay representatives attended divine service and partook of the sacrament at St. Saviour's Cathedral sn the morning; and assembled for the transaction of business at three in the afternoon in the hall of the mechanics' institute. The Lord Bishop of Goaul burn presided. The proceedings were opened with prayer. After which the names of the clergymen summoned to the meeting were called over. The following answered to their names and handed in their licenses:-The Revrs. WV. Sowerby, Goulburn; Thomas Druitt, Cooama; E. B. Procter, Bungenia; P. G. Smith, M.A., Canberra; D. P. M. Hulbert, M.A., Pejar; A. D. Soares, Quennboyan; It. Leigth, North Gaul burn; F. A. C. Lillingston, B.A., Yass; P. Lamb, MI.A., Collector, Tarago, and Tiranna; WV. H. Pownall, Young; C. J. Byng, Tamut; J. M. Ware, " Corowa; S. S. Harper, B.A., Deniliquin; hI. S. Seaborn, Gundagai; H. Ross, Gunning; S. Percival, Bombala; A. T. Paddicomh, Morayn; D. E. Jones, jun., Araluen ; and F. R. Seaborn, Crookwell. The following clergymen were not present: The Roes. S. Fox, WVagga Wagga; J. Allan, Braid wood; K. B. Brownrigg, Albury; J. L. Knight, Mi.A., Bega; T. H. Goodwin, Wentworth; C. F. L'Oste, Mioulamein; and R. T. Earl, I1ay. The names of the lay representatives were ,then called over. The following gentlemen answered to their names and handed in the certificates of their election for the places mentioned in connexion with their respective names:-Messrs. F. R. L. Rossi and J. J. Allman. Goublhurn ; Robert Maddrell, Braid wood; R. H. Blomfield, Cooma; J. S. Futter, Bungonia; G. H. Thorn, Wagga Wagga; "George Campbell and W. Davis, Canberra ; T. Woore and A. Podmore, Pejar; A. S. Chisholm, Quoanbeyan;. E. Twynam, Albury; H. Zouch. North Goulbuirn; WV. A. Chisholm, Kippilaw; A. F. Gibson, Tiranna; J. W. Doeering, Young; J. Pring, Marengo; IR. Cooke, Tumut; 8. It. Belcher, Corowa; J. Long field, Gundagai; J. 1s. Hlassall and F. Humne, Gunning; W. D. Campbell, Burrowa; T. Rold, Araluen; W. Conolly, IIay; H. Carr and C. T. Camden, Crookwell; E. Seaman, Belong; and 0. S. Alexander, Gundagai. The following lay representatives, elected for the places moantioned in connenxion with their names, wore not in attendance :--Messrs. J. Larmer, Braid wood; J. J. Ryvall, Cooma; G. Y. Mould, Adam iniby; E. Payton, Bungonia; WV. E. Faithfull, Wagga Wagga; F. Hlorn, Queanboyan ; Hlon. Jas. Chisholm, T'aralga; N. R. Beosnard and J. Stiles, Yass; J. WV. Chisholm, Collector; J. Cropper, Tarago; G. O' . Clarke, Young; H. Hayes, Tumut; J. Bull, Corowa; T. Robertson and J. A. Broughton, Deniliquin; John Patterson, Burrown J. Boucher, and IL tlogarth, BIombala; WV. S" Caswell and II. . VIevans, Moruya; G. U. Alley; Araluen; and T. E. Blewitt, Iiay. The Bishop theon read the following ADDRESS : Miv Reverend Brethren the Clergy, and my Brothren the Laity,-We are here this day in a sacred synod of this diocese, in the name of Christ and by the authority of the legislature, assembled. Our duty is to consult together, as Christian men, for the good of the church, and the better manasgeo mont of her affairs within the diocese of Goulburn. I pray that the Hioly Ghost may, in the words of scripture," put wisdom in the hearts of all the wise hearted.'" May He preside over our meeting, bap tizing our souls with Clhristian love and brotherly kindness; and may lie enable us to promote the glory of the Divine Saviour and to extend the in fluence of Ilis churcht in this land. Synod legally Constituted.-For some years it was a subject of debate and of anxious inquiry in this colony, whether the members of the Church of Eng land should accept a voluntary arrangement for their church assemblies, without power in any" diocece to necure the united action of the whole church for the common good; or whether they should seek from the legielature such sanction for their church constitu tions, and synodical meetings, and decisions, as should necessarily include in one compact phalanx, the strength of the entire church in each diocese, and in the colony; and thus, under the authority of law, adopt regulations which would be binding alike upon all its members. For myself I candidly confess that I rejoice at the final issue of our diocesan and general conferences. I heartilycongratulato you upon the fact, that the object, which our own conference unanimously do sires, has boon attained. I rejoice that we are ceasnequently enabled to meet hero this day, in a seynod legally constituted; that the bishop and clergy will have, not merely the presence and oonu sel, but the aunthoritative co.operation of the Chris Lian laity, in the great work of extending the admirable organization of the Church of England to the utmost limits of this diocese! Constitutions for theregolation of the synod were agreed upon and accepted by our diocesan confer ence, in Gonlburn, on the 16th December, IS65. Theso were approved in Sydney, on the 20th April. 1866, by the general conference of the bishops, and clerical and lay representatives of the existing dio coses of the Unitd.l Church of Eneland and Ireland within the colony of New South Wales. They were subsequently clothed with legal binding force upon the members of the said church, by an act of the legislature, "to Enable the Members of the United Church of England and Ireland in New South VWales to Mianage the Property of the said Church," which was assented to on the 4th October, 1866; and finally were recorded in the Supreme Court of the colony on the 29th of October, 18?f. Duty and Province of Diocesan Synods.-Under the constitutions thus approved by the represents tires of the church and sanctioned by the law of the colony, I have summoned, to this first synod of the diocese of Goulburn, each clergyman licensed to a separate core of souls therein, and each layman duly elected to represent his parish or district. We now enjor therefore full legal power to meet in such a synod, and therein to make ordinances in respect of all matters concerning the order and good government of the United Church of England and Ireland, and the regulation of its affairs within the diocese, including the management and disposal of all church property, moneys, and revenues not otherwise appropriated or subject to any specific trust or vested rights; to make rules for the conduct of business; to call for a full account of all property belonging to the church in the diocese, or in an??y parish thereof, and the manner in which it is applied or disposed of; and to establish a tribunal, or con sistorial court, for the trial of offences by licensed clergymen within the diocese, in reference as well to breaches of discipline as to questions of doctrine and ritual. But in one important particular we are neces sarily under restraint. There is no power, in a diocesan or provincial synod, to make any alteration in the articles, liturgy, or formularies of the church, except in conformity with any alteration which may be made therein by competent authority of the United Church of England and Ireland in the United Kingdom. We shall need standing orders for the conduct of business and the regulation of our discussions, two or 'more secretaries, and a chairman of'committees. We must also appoint a committee of elections for trying the validity of the election of anyrepresonta tive, and for supplying any vacancies in the synod by death, resignation, or other cause. A standing committee will be the representative of the synod during its adjournment. It may also serve as a standing council of advice to the bishop, to-assist him in any matter on which he maydesire its advice. This committee will require to be carefully selected at first, and to be re-appointed or re-modelled at the commencement of each session. In order the better to prepare business which may be necessary to be brought before the first synod, I have sought the advice of such of the members as were within our reach. In this mariner very effective assistance has been obtained in making the preliminary arrangements. Henceforth that duty will devolve upon the standing committee. But with regard to every subject upon which the synod is to decide, let it be clearly understood that every member has a perfect right, under regulations which the synod itself may sanction, to adopt an in dependent course. He may introduce or discuss any topic which may be within the scope of our constitu tions, and which is designed to promotn the interests of the church and the well-being of her members. In a diocesan synod we have no powers of legisla tion; but we can consult and agree upon rules of discipline for ourselves. The synod has no authority to interfere in matters spiritual ; but it is required to enforce, and put into execution, such regulations or canons as maybe passed by the provincial synod of the church in the colony; with which alone we can be legally associated. Such topics as the following will be appropriate subjects for the discussions and resolutions of the synod : The Church Society and the Suetentation of the Clergy. The Marriago Question. The Administration of Ecclesiastical Discipline, and the Establishment of a Tribunal for the Trial of Offences. The Provincial Synod. The Statistics of the Diocese. A Periodical Publication for the Diocese. The Question of Psalmody. A Fund for Widows and Orphans of the Clergy. A Model Trust Deed. The Expenses of the Synod. Books' Depots. The effects of the recent judgments in England upon the status of the church in this colony, and the injurious consequences which would follow, if the threatened imperial legislation had become law. Upon a few only of these questions can I venture at present to offer any remarks. The Marriage Question.-Thosubject of marriages will require early and earnest attention. Questions relating to banns and licenses, and also to the places and hours witlhin which marriages may be cele brated, as well as to the scale of fees chargeable for this, and for other special services will be brought under discussion. There is a disposition olsewhere to extcend tho number of tho hours, each day, within which the celoebration may take place; to recommend a definite radius of distance from a church or accustomed place of worship, and to require all marriages within such radius to be performed in such building. It is a distressing fact that, of a largo proportion of the population which belongs to the church, only a per contdge seek the rites of the church, and the blessing of her ministration upon their wedded life. It will he our duty to search diligently into the eauses'of this anomaly; and, in concert with the other synods of the colony, to devise an effectual remedy by reduetion of fees and by other methods. Yoes will probably request the aid of the standing committee to investigate this subject, and to bring the proceedings of this synod into parallel action with the synods of other dioceses. It will be generally acknowledged, I presume, that uniformity of pro cedure throughout the church of the colony wil be very desirable on all questions of this nature. The Church Society and the Sustentation of the Clergy.-The synod will I trust take decisive action upon this subject. It is important for us to produce strong proofs that it is the duty of each part of the diocese, by adequate remuneration, to recognise the claims of the clergy. The services which they so luboriously and tfaithfully render for the spiritual good of the parishes deserve a better return in many instances. "If we have sown unto you spiritual things, is it a great matter if we shall reap youer worldly things?" It is desirable for us to keep distinctly- in'view the several objects which must be accomplished for the complete organisation of each parochial district and the general good of the whole diocese. So far as the direct work of the Diocesan Church Society is concerned, it is necessary that it should not interfere with or suspend the proper duty of the soneral parishes. These should hbe urged to persevero in providing, up to the uhneost limitsof their ability, the requisite amount of stipend for their own clergy. The province of the Church Society is subsidiary; it is not designed to undertake the duty which beolongs to others; but to assist them in a- more systematic performance of that duty. The Church Society, over and above the required amount of local stipend, needs a General Fund ito be placed at the disposalof the committeeo; a fuid'out of which grants mnay be freely made for purposes of the following nature :-l. To supplement, wherever necessary, such stipend as each district is enabled to contribute for its own clergyman. 2. To assist in erecting churches, parsonages, &c.; 3\. To aid in pro curing additional clergymen, when required. This is the proper work of the Church Society. And now let us suppose that the Church Society had never been calleli into existence. What would then have been the special duty of each parochial district? Undoubtedly to raise a stipend fund for a clergyman; to build its own church, parsonage, and school-room; procure a glebe, &c.; And is each parish to do nothing for the good of others-to attend only to its own wants, even presuming that it possessed the ability to make complete provision-for its requirements ? I trow not. Besides, even if this were possible, it would war the harmony of the system with which we are allied. It would intro dusco the idea of independency, and would ignore the principle of united diocesan action which underlies the whole theory of our existencee-the theory which would encourage each member of the church not merely to care for his own things, but to care also for the things of others. But this theory of complete indopoendoncy of action for each parish in the sustentation of the ministrations of tho church, however gratifying it may seem to some mind,, is not, and at present cannot be, a reality. Every district, and every clergvman in the diocese, has been receiving assist ance from without. There is not a single exception. On this ground, therefore, may I not claim the adoption of the great Christian principle, that all the members of the body corporate should assist each other; that each should, first of all, attend to its own wants, and at the same time seek, not parochial independency, hut diocesan coeoperation! On the other hand, if this be the case, it may be urged, should we not give full scope to this princi ple, and throw all the contributions of the diocese into one common fund ? and out of this.fund dole o?ut both stipends to the clergy and such grants as may be required for the completion of parochial organisation? This theory has an inviting appear ance, and at first sight may enlist many advocates. But the practical question is this-who is to under lake the responsibility of such an obligation ? Can the bishop allow himself to assume such aburden ? You will all answer in the negative. WVill the committee ofithe Church Society be expected to sustain it? The members of the committee shall respond for them selves. Who then will undertake the responsibility of recommending one common fund for the whole diocese? If there be any courageous enough to undertake the task, I trust they will first be pre pared to supply, or to procure, under the hand and seal of competent persons, and, in a legal form, adequate guarantees for the collection of all the necessary funds from each part of the diocese for three or four years; and for the prompt payment to the committee of the society of all deficiencies in the fund at the close of each quarter of each year. Such an arrangement would be delightful, and would be a great relief to the bishop and to the com mittee of the Church Society. But my fears exceed all the hopes in which I can possibly indulge of the accomplishment of anything sogood; and therefore I am brought back naturally to the practicable and the possible in connection with this subject. My own experience leads me earnestly to hope and fervently to pray that, while all make efforts to bear their own burden, they will likewise help to bear one another's burden, and so fulfil the law of Christ. Let Us not be wise above that which is written. Let each parish have its own district and separate fund for the stipend of its own clergy, paid through the Church Society. And, at the same time, let it con tribute, according to the ability which God giveth, to the general objects of the society for the common benefit of all the districts according to their several necessities. I must intimate my belief that, unless we can obtain a larger subsidy towards the stipends of the clergy from some quarter or other, we shall be obliged to leave many districts unsupplied. Per sonally I should much prefer a larger diocesan co operation. But if this should fail in the proportion required, then I should be left to the alternative and driven to the conclusion that it was the duty of the government to follow up with religious instruction the multitudes whom its legislation had scattered, us free-selectors, over the surface of the interior; in accordance with the recommendation, as I believe, of the recent board of inquiry at Braidwood. Ecelesiastical Discipline and the Right of Appeal. -Each diocese in England possesses its own tribunal or consistorial court, exercising general jurisdiction, in virtue of laws in force in the kingdom, whether civil, canon, common, or statute laws. And where these interfere with or cross each other, the civil law submits to the canon law; and both to the common law; and all three to the statute law. Diocesan courts take cognisance of all matters arising locally within their respective limits. They may decide all matters of spiritual discipline; they may suspend or deprive clergymen, and administer the other braniches of ecclesiastical law. The Arches Court of the province of Canterbury exercises the appellate jurisdiction from each of the diocesan courts within the province. Originally there was no distinction hbetween the ecclesiastical and the temporal courts. The separation was made by William the Conqueror, in a charter which is still preserved, and which was recited and confirmed by King Richard II. The province of York has likewise its archiepis. copal jurisdiction, exercised much in the same manner as in the province of Canterbury. The appeal lies, from each of the provincial courts, to the sovereign in council. In accordance with this principle of the Church of England, this synod, representing and being a part of that church in this diocese, "may (accord ing to the 18th article of our constitutions) establish a tribunal for the trial of offences by clergymen licensed by the Bishop within the diocese, as well those involving breaches of discipline as questions of doctrine and the ritual of the church; and may frame rules and ordinances for the initiative and conducet of trials before, and the mode of proceed ing under, such tribunal; and no sentence shall be pronounced, other than that of suspension, or depri vation of license, or office, or of the rights and emoluments tlhereto appertaining; and there shall be the same right of appeal as now exists from the decision of the Bishop." "And the license of the clergyman shall not be withdrawn, cancelled, or revoked, unless at his own request, or as the conse quence of a sentence pronounced under the pro visions of the constitutions, or by some court of competent jurisdiction. Provided that until a tribunal shall have been established as hereinbo fore mentioned, nothing shall effect any of the powers now vested in the bishop." In proceeding to establish a tribunal for the administration of ecclesiastical discipline, the synod will do well to bear in mind that the highest court of oppeal in the realm has decided that a " lawful cause of deprivation" against a clergyman "is such a cause as (having regard to any differences which may arise from the circumstances of the colony) would authoriso the deprivation of a clergyman by his bishop in England." Accordingly we must consult the law, which in England has been passed, "for better enforcing church discipline," viz., 3 and 4 Victoria c. 86. By keeping in view the regulating principles at home, we shall I trust be guided aright in "framing rules and ordinances for the initiation and conduct of trials under the tribunal," as well as for the constitu tion of the tribunal itself. Provincial Synod.-As our diocesan synod is con stituted upon the basis of a law of the colony, it would seem to follow, as a matter of course, that the provincial synod, to which it is to hbe alffiliated, should be a synod placed under precisely similar ngalt sanctions. Assuredly it would be futile to refer questions of legal practical importance from our own synod to any other kind of provincial synod. But there are advocates of a more extended pro vincial synod, which should comprise ill the synods of the dioceses, assigned as an ecclesiastical province to the Metropolitan of Sydney in his letters patent. Now it is evident that a very great practical diffi culty would arise. Such a provincial synod would find itself in a position of considerablo disadvantago. In the first place, however, it would be very dilli cult to constituto such a provincial synod. For while some of the constituent dioceses of the extended province possess synods, some possess none. Again, some of the diocesan synods are legally constituted by express statutes-others based on the voluntary comnldt riniciple. Again, suppose an Australasian provincial synod could be formed. It might frame canons, it is trueo; but it could not enforce obedience upon any' synod or diocese. The more factthatsuch on orgasization would be powerless, except as n church conference, is to my mind conclusive that for the purposes which we hasve now in view it is esseo tial to good government that the provincial synod, as well as the diocesan synod, should possess powers of noaction equally defined and universally acknow lodged, together with authority to enforce its regula tions anad decisions I In the absence, then, of such a legal constitution for a more extended provincial synod, and consider ing the difficulty of giving effect to such a design, I am thankfully content with present mercies, and ac cept a limited, but "legal" provincial synod of New South VWalese, rather than a "voluntary compact," but extended, provincial synod of all the Australasian colonies. Besides, the question whether we should have synods under "consensual" compact, or synods under tho sanction of law, was fully discussed and clearly docidod, in fuavor of tho legal one, by our own diocesan conference and by the general conference in Sydney. And we are to be guided, in the pra?c ticual arrangement of our uaflirs, not by theories more or less attractivo, but by the stubborn fact that the constitutions provido for the actual arrangements under which the procoedings of tho provinciale synod aro to bo governed. Further, our own action in this colony cannot in the least degree nullify or destroy the design of an extended metropolitan province. Whatever powers wero given by the letters patent on this sublject remain untouched by any law of this colony. If thoerefore it be thought at any timo desirableo, on questions of Australian interest or importance, to take counsel with our brethren in other colonies and to gain wislom from their experience, it is quite competent for the Metropolitan to invite represents tives from earh diocese to meet for such a purpose. But this would be-not a synod, hut a congress; not a "lawful assembly," but a friendly meeting. Permit me to add that it will be our duty to elect representative members from this synod to the provincial synod of the Church of England within the colony. Six or eight clergymen and the same number of laymen might be chosen. We should thus ensuro the attendance of at least the required number in order duly to constitute a meeting of the provincial synod. The Effect of recent Judgements in England upon the Status of the Church of England in this Colony. -Recent decisions of the courts of law, and of the highest appellate jurisdiction in England, affecting the church in the colonies, have caused a general disturbance of establishedopinions amongst members of the Church of England at home, as well as in the colonies. While a few persevered in maintaining that these decisions were misconstrued and misapprehended as to their trueeffect and meaning, the majority of the members of the church ran away with the conclusion that the Church of England in the several colonies had been cast adrift, and that there was no power of re-affiliating these daughters upoun the mother church. Some are aleso undor the impression that clergy men ordained in the colonies are under disabilities similar to those of clergymen of the episcopal church in Scotland, or in the United States of America. They imagine that colonialst clergymen cannot in England obtain preferment in the church without a special net of parliament. This is a complete fallacy. It is true no doubt with reference to the disabilities of the other churches named; but it is altogether erroneous in relation to the colonially ordained clergymen of the Church of England. A brief review of the nlato decisions, so fir as they relate to and affect the Church of England in this colony, may tend to remove doubts, and to clear the way for, at least, a better understanding of some of our subjects of discussion and determination. I.-The first case to which I allude was decided by the Lords of the Judicial Committee of H. .u.'s Privy Council, on the subject of the relative obliga tions of clergymen and their bishops in the colonies. This is the highest court of appeal in mattes of doe trine and clerical discipline. It represents the royal supremacy in its judicial character. The case-is that of the Rev. W. Long v. the Bishop of Cape town, in which the judgment was delivered on the 28th June, 1863. It came before the Judicial Conm mittee in appeal fromthe Supreme Court of the Cape of Good Hope, and is of extreme importance in its bearing upon church discipline in the colonial churches. We must bear in mind that the case under their review was connected with a church assembly, called a synod, to which sanction had not been given, either by the Crown, or by the law of the colony. Among the numerous points determined by that judgment, the following are important in relation to our own synod: 1\. Letters Patent alone, in a colony possessing an independent legislature, though they empower a bishop to perform all the functions appropriate to the office of a bishop in a colony, do not confer power to conveno a meeting of clergy and laity, to be elected in a certain manner prescribed by him, for the pur pose of making laws binding upon cheurchmen. The bishop cannot do this, with legal effect, until he has obtained a special act of parliament for the purpose. 2\. Such a meeting, acting without the sanction of the law, is not a synod. It is a mistake to treat such an assembly as a synod at all. And its acts are illegal if they purport, without the consent of the colonial legislature, to bind persons beyond its con trol, and to establish new courts of justice. 3\. The oath of canonical obedience to a bishop does not mean that the clergyman will obey all the demands of the bishop, aguinst which there is no law;-but that he will obey all such commands as the bishop by law is authorised to impose. The synod of the Bishop of Capetown was not legally constituted; and he suspended and deprived one of his clergy, for declining to obey his citation, and to summon a meeting for the election of delegates to the syned. The wealk pointas in this case were those :-I1. That the synod had been formed without any law in the colony to authorise it. 2. That consequently the meeting of the bishop, clergy, and laity, was a voluntary association, and had no power to bind recusants. In New South Wales, however, the case is altogether different: 1\. The bishops themselvesare recognised by acts of the legislature, and can legally exercise jurisdiction by the acts, 4 William, No. 5, 21 Vict., No. 4. Sydney and Newcastle Lands' Act, 1858, and Goaul burn Lands' Act, 1866. Whereas in South Africa no such acts of Parliament have been obtained. 2\. Our synods are authorised by a special act, 30 Victoria. Against the weaknesses, evils, and disabili ties therefore which prevailed in the church in South Africa, there is an ample safeguard in our case, by the express law of the colony. II. The second case is that of the Bishop of Natal v. the Bishop of Capetown. The judgment of the judicial committee was delivered on the 20th March, 1865, upon a petition of the Bishop of Natal, against a sentence of deposition pronounced upon him by the Mletropolitan Bishop of Capetown, on the 16th Dec., 1863. Among the points brought out in this judgment are the following : 1\. Bishops of the Church of England in the colonies, are created bishops by the Queen, as sove reign of the realm and head of'the church. 2\. Their dioceses are held under grants from the crown; their status is delined by the law of Eng land, and their legal existence depends upon the basis of the supremacy of the crown. 3\. Jurisdiction is not conferred upon a bishop of the English Church, at homo orin any colony possessing an independent legislature, by the crown through letters patent alone ; but in England is obtained by the laws which are in force, giving effect to the letters patent of the crown, and in a colony by a colonial statute similarly giving effect to the letters patent. 4\. Pastoral or spiritual authority is incidental to the oilffice of a bishop; but all jurisdiction in the church, where it can be lawlfully conferred, must not only poceed from the crown, but also must be exercised as the law directs. 5\. The lailure of the Metropolitan of South Africa, in this case also, arose from the fact that, though he possessed letters patent from the crown, he had not obtained a statute in the colony, under which he could lawfully exercise the jurisdiction cited in the letters patent; and consequently that he had assumed powers which had not been conferred upon him in a lawlful manner. III.-The last case is also that of the Bishop of Natal v. the Colonial Bishoprics Council, before tlhe Rolls Court, in London. The Council, in whose hands the endowment of the see had been loft, had declined to pay the interest to the bishop since 1861, when they became aware of the metro politan bishop's sente:me of deposition against him. Thei Bishop of Natal filed a bill against the Colonial Bishoprics Council, calling upon themn to pay the salary and arrears, and to s et asido the surn of £10,000 in their hands, to secure the income of the see of Natal. Lord Romilly, Mastier of theb Rolls, delivered judg ment on the 6th of December, 1866. His Lordship corrects various misapprehensions which had arisen from the judgments of the privy council in the two preceding cases. This judgment is very important, becauso it re establishes the cohfi lence, which had been disturbed in the minds of many by the former cases. The general results of this decision, so fthr as they relate to nus, may be summed up in the following statements :t 1\. A Bishop of the Church of England, consecrated by appointment of the crown, and according to the order of the church, possesses, in every part of the world, all ordinary pastoral and spiritual authority. These powers are not confined to this or that spot, but are universal. 2\. A colonial bishop, thus consecrated, is a titular hidshop all the world over; and he is a territorial bishop within his see or diocese. And though Ihe may not have received jurisdiction from the joint action of the crown and the colonial legislature, he can with the aid of the secular courts perform all the acts or duties, which belong to the oflice of a bishop, according to the doctrine of the Church of England. 3\. This necessity, because of the absence of a special statute, of resorting to a civil court in the first instance, instead of enforecing obedience by the jurisdiction of the church itself, can never annihilate a see or make it cease to be a legal diocese. 4\. Where a number of persons, members of the Church of England in a colony, establish a church with the doctrines, rites, and ordinances of the Church of England, it is a part of the Church of England, and the members of it are by implied agreement bound by all its laws, excepting such as are expressly cnnfined in their operation to the limits of the United Kingdom and Ireland. In other words the Church of England may extend to, and have branches in, places where it is not as in England established by law. 5\. If a number of person in any colony having an established legislature should found a church, and call thumselves in communion with the Church of England, this would not make such a church a part of the Church of England, nor would it make the members of such a church members of the Church of England. 6\. Thu tribhnal of a Bishop of the Church of England in a colony (acting without any authority of colonial statutes) is a domestic tribunal. And the essence of a domestic tribunal is this, that the juris diction is only over those persons who assent to it; and the jurisdiction is what is usually called "con sensual" jurisdiction. 7\. The members of the church in a colony-not possessing local laws for the recognition of the juris diction of the bishop or the sanction of the church assemblies-may create an ecclesiastical tribunal to try ecclesiastical matters between themselves; and may agree, that the decisions of such a tribunal shall be final, whatever may be their nature or effect. Upon this being proved, the civil tribunal would enforce such decisions against all persons who had agreed to be bound by these decisions. But such an association would be distinct from, and form no part of the Church of England, whether it did, or did not, call itself in union and full communion with the Church of England. But if the episcopal church, in such a colony, chose to remain part of the United Church of England and Ireland then no such irresponsible tribunals could exist. In one case it is one church in all the colonies, such association being part of the parent church of the United Kingdom of England and Ireland; in the other case they are separate and distinct episcopal churches, each existing separate in each colony, and distinct from every other church. 8\. One difference between homo and colonial bishops is this:-A bishop in England is the bishop over all the inhabitants within the diocese ; whereas a bishop in a colony is the bishop over all the members of the Church of England resident within the diocese. 9\. There cannot be any consensual jurisdiction by a metropolitan over a bishop of the Church of England in a colony; because a bishop of the Church of England cannot give any such consensual jurisdic tion. 10\. It is not coercive jurisdiction which constitutes a see or diocese. 11\. Every exercise of ecclesiastical anthority, and every act of any member of the church in a colony, professing to be a part of the Church of England, must, in matters spiritual, be governed by the laws of the Church of England; and must be tried by the application of those laws. 12\. There is a legal identity between the Church of England and the several parts of the Church of England in the colonies. Whereas the case of the episcopal church in Scotland is, in this respect, totally different. The episcopal church in Scotland is not, and by the Act of Union is prohibited from being a part of the Church of England; and the Crown is prohibited from appointing or nominating any bishop therein. 13\. By the law of the Church of England the sovereign is the head of the church; and, in sub stance, no bishop can be lawfully nominated or ap pointed except by the crown, nor can any person be legally consecrated a bishop of such church except by command of the sovereign. Consequently bishops in the colonies thus nominated and consecrated are bishops of the Church of England, not bishops of a church in communion with the Church of Eugland. 14\. An appeal lies from the decisions of ecclesias tical tribunals in the colonies to the civil courts in those colonies, and from thence to the privy council. 15\. A colonial bishop, appointed by letters patent and duly consecrated, will remain so until he dies, or resigns, or until the letters patent appointing him are revoked, or until he is in some manner lawfully deprived of his see. The general results of the above judgments, in their effect upon the Church of England in this colony, and upon the proceedings of our synods, in com parison with the state of things in South Africa and wherever else no statutes exist, are these: 1\. Thoe bishops in this colony possess legal jurisdic tion. Those in South Africa do not possess legal jurisdiction. 2\. The synods in this colony are legally constituted. Those in South Africa are meetings. "It is a mistake to call them synods." " They are not synods." 3\. The synods in this colony are synods of the whole of several dioceses. Those in South Africa are associations of those only who may have agreed to them; and not necessarily pf the whole of the churchmen in the.several dioceses. 4\. The articles of our constitution are binding upon the members of the Church of England generally in this colony. Those in South Africa are binding only upon those who assent to them. This being our position as a synod and as a diocese, and seeing that we are a part of the Church of England let us refuse to surrender the privileges which we possess as members of that church. Let us never do so voluntarily. Let our bishops still be nominated by the Crowne, and consecrated by its command. Let us petition the imperial parliament not to interfere with our prerogatives. Lot the royal supremacy still be the link of connection between the daughter churches and the Church of England. Let us adhere to her government and discipline. Let us follow her faith and cling to hler creed and formularies; and then guided by the IIoly Ghost in our deliberations, and blessed in our labours, we shall hand down to our successors this branch of the United Church of England and Ireland in its pure and scriptural simplicity, and in increas ing strength for the great work to which she is called of God. Tho Chancellor of the Diocese, Mr. Charles Campbell, then called on the lay representatives to sign the declaration of church membership, which having been done, The Rev. W. Sowerby moved the thanks of the meeting to the Bishop for his very excellent address, which had removed doubts from his mind, as it no doubt had from the minds of others. TMr. Maddrelt seconded tho resoolution, which was agreed to. The Chancellor then read the Act of Parliament under which the synod had been convened. On the motion of the Roev. S. S. Harper, seconded by Mr. Rooss, the RIev. P. Lamb was elected clerical secretary, and Mir. A. S. Chisholm lay secretary to the synod. The Rev. F. A. C. Lillingston moved and Mr. George Campbell seconded the appointment of the following committee, to prepare standing orders for the guidance of the synod:-Tho Reovds. S. S. IHarper, J. it. Ware, F. A. C. Lillingston, and A. Scares; the Chancellor; and Messrs. W. D. Camp bell, W. Chisholm, J. Pring, and F. R. L. Rlossi. Carried. On the motion of the Rev. WV. Sowoerby, seconded by the Rev. T. Druitt, Mr. W. D. Campbell was appointed chairman of committees. Mr. Allman moved and Air. Mladdroll seconded the appointment of the following committeoof elec tions:-The Rev. Mecssrs. Procter, Pownall, Byng, Puddicomb, Uslbert, and Percival, and M?essrs. Blomfield, Conolly, Woore, IIassall, and Langfield. The synod then adjourned to half-past seven o'clock. The Chancellor, as chairman of the committee, brought up the standing orders, which wore read to the synod. The President then put the standing orders seriatim. The first proposed standing order was agreed to without remark. No. 2, proposing that the hour of meeting be 10.30a.m., gave rise to some discussion on an amend ment proposing that the hour be 3 p.m. ; but finally the original proposition was agreed to. No. 3, fixing the quorum at seven clerical and fourteen lay members, gave rise to considerable dis-. cu-sion on a point raise I by the Rev. Mr. Harper, who contended that it was against the Gth clause of the constitutions, which provides that the presence of not less than ono-fourth of the members of each order shall be necessary to constitute a quorum. Finally an amendment, moved by iMr. V. D. Camp-. bell aind seconded by the Rev. Mr. Harper, was car ried, that one-fourthl of the members of each order entitled to attend cacti session of synod, shall during the continuance of such session of synod constitute a quorum, in accordance with the sixth section of the constitutions. The rest of the proposed standing orders were adopted and ordered to be printed. Several notices of motions and questions were given. The synod then adjourned till the following morn ing. 