HANDICAPPING. ? . TO THE EDITOR OF THE MERCURY. DEAR SIR-I have soon a letter in a northern newspaper upon the subject of the ensuing season's racing in our " tight little island," and unless some one else ventures to express their opinion people will, in all probability, think that the ideas of the racing fraternity are all embodied in the letter to which I allude. if I mistake not the writer signs himself " Lamplighter." He is particularly loquacious upon the theme of handicapping, and goes so far as to regret that the stewards of the New Town race meeting have engaged the services of Mr. Bond as a public handicapper, instead of allotting the weights themselves, more especially, he adds, since the Launceston stewards have por protracted what Lainplightor considers a perfect model of a handicap. As far as I (and in fact all racing people with whom I have had any communication can see, the New Town stewards have chosen by far the most preferable course, if there was the ghost of a chance of their following the example set them by the Launceston men, who have certainly immortalised themselves by their production for the Tasmanian handicap. Who the select few were that concocted the dish and served it but I am not aware. And under what effulgent luminary could they have been ; when the happy thought struck them to pay Cother- stone the unasked for compliment of topweight. WItH it a bright particular spark of " goods" from Limplightor that descended upon their august heads and enabled them to see a reason for his being but doned with 8st. 12lbs., when Strop, who has run away from him two years in succession, should be treated to three pounds less. P Then there is Saxby the winner of the Leger in Panic's yearss and Cothoratono have been two years within a length of each other, and now poor Cothoratono is asked to give him ten pounds. The other nomination of Mr. Clarke's, the four-year-old mare Promenade, is made to give a year to her half-brother Architect, and pounds upon pounds to Deception, a mare that has performed well throughout her racing career, and is now turned loose with (8st. 12lbs. Whether the Launceston people think there is plenty of money in the country districts, and not sense enough to keep it, I can- not say ; but I feel quite certain that by the in- judicious partiality for the local horses, all specula- tion will be put an end to and wore the nominations for the open handicap hot already sent in, I doubt very much if there would have been one rained from the country, so strong is the feeling about the dead-lock made" against Mr. Clarke's stable. The legal business must be at a discount when the attempt is made to blood people through their love of sport. However, I hope the open handicap will be a more successful one, and that there will be more people enabled to back " Lamplighter" up in eulogising the stewards for penetration, sagacity, and fair play, And remain, yours truly, 1 HARKAWAY. , < Campbell Town, < October 10th, 1907. ' , 1 GAB CoNSUMEiiB.-Wo are requested to remind the ' customers of the Gas Company that to-day is the last day upon which discount is allowed upon its current quarter's accounts. i 