MISCELLANEOUS.' A HANDKERCHIEF VANISHING WITH A FLASH.-At a recent lecture on gun cotton by Professor Dorenuts, the lecturer state-1 that he had treated a linen handkerchief with 4 nitric acid,' having thus converted it into gun-linen, he had sent it to the wash with other clothes. The washerwoman washed and dried the handkerchief without perceiving any difference in its character; but when she came to iron it, at the very first touch of the hot imn the handkerchief vanished with a slight flash, leaving no trace behind. Happiness consists in a virtuous and hon est life, in being content with a competency of outward things, and in using them temper ately. EXCHANGE NO ROBBERY.-A. New York paper says that an Irishman went into the grocery store of Mr Drigga, and after looking around remarked that he would take some biscuits. The biscuits were done up ; he took them, held them a minute, and then said : "Come to think, I believe I am more dry than hungry, and would like it if you would take the biscuits back, and let me have a bottle of beer instead." The exchange was made, and Paddy started, when Mr Driggs called him back, telling him he had not paid for the beer. "Why, yes," says: Paddy, " I gave you the biscuits for the beer." But you have not Eaid for the biscuits " 41 Well," said he, "and aven't jou got the biscuits P" He left Mr Driggs to worfc out the problem at his leasure. THE VALUE OP SITES IN LONDOX.-The visions of old fashioned dreamers are at last realised, and the only way to buy land in , certain parts of London is to cover it with gold pieces. The city. Aldermen have just been discussing the desirableness of levying a county rate wi'hin the city walls. They are going to lose £48,000 a year by the lapse of the lease of the Finsbury estate, and be ginning to forecast the future condition of the ways and means available fbr. continuing the 1 "improvements" which the age calls for. How, say8 Alderman Rose, can we make spacious and commodious streets of our de minished funds in parts of the city where land is worth £3,000,000 an acre ? Whether the alderman is right or not in his calculations we cannot ^pretend to say; but even allowing for n little rhetorical exaggeration there is no doubt that the ;value of land in certain parts of the city is a thing absolutely without pre cedent. It takes about 7,120,000 sovereigns to cover one entire aero laying them of .course, flat and as near one another as they can be placed. For the £3*000,0.00 therefore. at which the land in question is sold, an acre might be completely covered with an unbroken layer of gold about one- third the thickness of a sovereign. Of course it only pays to give this for business premises, where the profits ore enormous, and where the business itself must necessarily be transacted within the bounds of one very limited neighbourhood. Some day or other no doubt, prices will cease to rise ; but at present they seem to rise in a more rapid ratio every succeeding year. S uch is our present city life, in which tens .of thousands all but starve, within a mile or two of buildings standing on land bought at nearly £700 the square yard,-Pa# Mall Gazette, 4Ahl' said a conceited young parson,'I have this afternoon been preaching to a con gregation of aBses.' Then that the reason why you called them beloved brethren replied a itrong minded lady, \- Coventry used to be regarded as a place of punishment; now it seems to be a plnce for "fall" eloquence. Here is what a Coventry Cicero said on presenting a gold watch to a clever public lecturer;-"Take it, Sir, and wear it wherever yon go, and may the sound of its beating give ease to your throbbing breast 5 when cast down with the cares and anxieties of public life may those hauls remind you of the swiftness of time, and that duty calls you to your post! Every time you wind it up may new ideas spring up in your mind and give a fresh impetus to 'jour exertional and that hope, with the strength of a lion, may avenge when battling witfl the enemies of liberty and progress in this our glorious country." No Yankee in bis highest flight was ever so graud as this } such an ons could only have improved upon it by s lying something about going upon " tick.", BYBON ON THii ITALIAN STAGE.-A Flor ence letter says;-jjln addition to Shakspeare's Richard III, we have~"late!y been favoured with original illustrations, from contemporary. Italian dramatists, of what some of those gentlemen choose to consider as the most re markable facts in the English political and literary history of the TSth-century. We have had Giorgio Byron in Venesia, and a most remarkable production, I am compelled to say, it was. Not only h-ivc we all -« Gior gfo's female belongings, from the Countess Guiccioli downwards, exhibited on the stage, but his dread critical antagonist, ' Geffri,' is represented as pursuing him from Auld Reekie to the city of the Lagunes, and their renewing his vindictive persecutions. No wonder that poor 'Giorgio,' in danger of succumbing before the combined influences of Scotch animosity and Italian - love, take8 his departnre for Greece, and thunders forth just before starting several claptrap passage8 distinctly foreshadowing the present Candian Insurrection 1" A STRANGH STORT.-I knew a strange old man with something noble about him out wardly and inwardly-he might have sat for Reitzsch'a etchings of the Ancient Mariner so exactly he resembled it-who, whilst living amid the Eastern civilisation that had reared him, one day found his arm moved and his finger pointing, in obedience to his nerves, which he could not or fancied he could not, control. The -finger pointed westward, and he resolved to follow it. It brought him to a door in a town near the source of the Ohio, at which he knocked. He related how he had been guided there to the inmates of the house, and he found them full of faith in his pointing finger. They entertained him for some days and called in tlieir friends, who sat around the Ancient Mariner with silent ex pectation. Again his finger pointed to the river^ and to it the group followed him. There they found a raft waiting to be em ployed, and the old man had tin impression that they must all get on it, taking tents ! clothing and provisions; and that they must i float down the river to some place alterward i to be revealed or " pointed" to, where they { were to found some kind of New Jerusalem, j Strange as it may seem, well to do men and women, old and young, embarked on this ! singular voyage. On the slow raft, shoved aside by hundreds of swift amazed steam-boats they floated one or two weeks without once landing, uutil at length the old man stood at the front and pointing to the shore. There they left the raft and made their way a mile from the river, where they mapped out a city and built some cabins. Then the pillar of fire which had led them seemed to melt into the light of common day. Que after ano-j ther they departed leaving the cabins alone as I thj monuments of their adventure. But IJ believe that none of them again Jived in the I ordinary way of human society; they have ' wandere'I ever since through many parts of ; the world, as if seeking for something they had lost. Lately I saw some of them walk ing along the streets of London -with the same expectant look. But 1 doubt not they will all find their, way back to the Ohio, where they belong, as castles belong to the Rhine an 1 dock3 to the Mersey. Ages be fore them, the red ahorigines floated down the same river, following their westward pointing finger, and dreaming of fairer hunt ing- fiplds. And, with only a conventional superstition-steam-boat instead of raft- there went before them missionaries, Mormons, Owenites,' and Oalifornian gold hunters. Did any of them any more find what they sought.-Fraser's Magazine. SUBSTANCE AND SHADOW.-A fellow went to the parish priest and told him, with a long face that he had seen a ghost. " When and where ?" said the pastor. "Last night replied the man, "I was passing by the Church, and up against the wall of it did I behold the spectre I" "In what shape did it appear ?" asked the priest. " It appeared in the shape of a great ass." " Go home and hold your tongue about it,"rejoined he, "you are a very timid man, and have been frighten ed by your own shadow." * GAMBIEB Wcsr POUND.-Impounded, one brown horse, like 0 near shoulder, illegible brand off shoulder, star on forehead, off hind loot white. If not claimed will be sold June l-2th, by oider,-One red and white poley heifer, illegible brand near rump, appears now like EG near rump, slit and piece out centre of the off ear. If not claimed will be sold June 20th. One bay horse, white dowii face, like TL near shoulder, like JL off shoulder. If not claimed will he sold June 28th; one bay horse, black points, branded like 1C off shoulder. It not claimed will be sold July 1st.-JOHN PORTER, Poundkeeper. GAMBIEB EAST POUND.-Impounded, one yellow cow, both ears marked, S near ribs, ME off rump.-John Bennett, Poundkeeper. 