STOW MEMORIAL CHURCH. ' The building now so far completed is in the early English Gothic style, with adaptations from the came peiiod of French Gothic, and is wholly con structed ot stoue, without " compo'" or " stucco*' in any shape to the exterior. The plan differs much from the usual arrangement of nave and aisles, the Dave beiug much wider th:in usual, in fact equaling in width some of the English Cathedrals ; whilst the aisles, instead of being half the width ot the nave, as is customary, are only one quarter the width, leaving very neatly the whole of the sittings unobstructed by pillats. and open to the view of the minister. This plan, whilst adopting the appropriately constructive arrange ment of nave, aisles, and clerestory, has not its disadvantages, for the side aisles are reduced to passages, with sittings to be only occasionally used. The general exterior plan is about 140 feet in length, by a breadth across the nave of 60 feet, and at the transept of SO feet. A tower and spire, of which two storeys are now built and roofed in, abuts on the eastern trausept, hut ou the other three sides is clear of the building, and when coin- j pleted will rise to the height of 170 feet from the pavement to the top of the vane. The building is constructed upon missive foun dations of concrete, and 1 he whole of the works are of the most durable ami substantial character, none of the waits of the church being less than 2 feet 4 inches thick, and varying from that dimen sion to 3 feet, whilst the tower rests on a wide con crete foundation, formed with Portland cement in piace of lime, and has walls, exclusive of buttresses, 5 feet thick, diminishing to 4 feet where the tower is nw roofed in. The interior of the church is, within the nave, from the orchestra arch to the south window, 9S fee-. 6 inches, by a breadth in the clear of the columns of 35 feet, the whole interior breadth of the nave being 52 feet, w hich is increased at the transepts to 73 feet, the interior being also 44 feet high from the floor. Galleries are proposed over the vestibule at the south end and over the tran Eepts, lint ihe.v are not yet constructed. Attheback of the ministers platform is a loity arch for the organ aud orchestra, which is constructed over the vestries. The platform is raised about two feet, and has a handsome pulpit. The whole accommo dation, including the galleries and orchestra, will be for about 1,2U0. At present there arc sittings for about SiKI on the grouud floor. The whole of the interior fittings are of Sydney cedar, and are in good taste. A handsome clock lias been presented j by Mr. Ferryman. Two principal entrances are provided; one lead ing by two doors under the handsome portico in the south front, and the other leading from a lobby formed by the lower part of the tower. The principal entrance, fronting Victoria- square, has a projecting portico, with freestone columns sup porting pointed arches aud an opeu parapet, above Which is a large faniight window wttii geometrical tracery. The two transepts nave wheel windows in their gables with similar tracery. The interior of the church is divided into nave and aisles by columns supporting pointed Gothic arches, and a clerestory, from which the principal light to the nave is derived. The columns nowhere interrupt the view of the Slatform. The interior is lofty; the ceiling is of exogonal shape, aud is constructed of open timber ' work with plastered panels painted blue. The clerestory is lighted by eight windo ws of three lights each, having geometrical tracery. There are three vestries behind the plat form, also staircases leading to the pro posed transept galleries and to the organ gallery. The buiidiug has been entirely con structed of Glen Osmond stone and G cu Ewiu freestone, the front portico beiug entirely of free stone. The whole is of the most substantial and : durable character, and is chaste and elegant in ; design. Tire contracts, which do not include the i upoer part of the tower and spire, amount to el)out illO.'CM, exclusive of the laud. ! The dimen.-ions of the bui'uing arc all multiples 1 of the -figure 7. For instance, the nave is 35 feet, or 5 rime- 7; the aisles one 7, or 7*6 witfe; the length of the nave 14 times 7. or i-8 feet. The height up to the springing of the roof, the same as the width of the nave, is 35 feet, wiiil-t the centre partof the ceiling is at the upper end 42 feet, or (j times J. The other and iuferior diiueusices are also arranged upon the same principle, ft is, we believe, admitted that the acoustic properties of the Church are very good. The builders are. Alcssrs. Brown & Thompson, formerly English & Biotvu, and they have carried out the work in the most creditable mimccr. The 4>&sitifui; carving was done by Mr. Peters, formerly of Dublin, and the whole of the works have been ■designed aud carried out under the ■superiuten -deuce of Mr. K. G. Thomas, F.K.S.B.A., lately •assisted by Mr. Garlick, architect, -of Adelaide. The exquisite beauty aud chasteuesa -of the c'uurc.i Slave been the subject of remark f-ir some time post; and now that it is so far completed as to be opened for public worship, its harm *i ous propor tions aud grand effect have who have seen it. The building is a real ornament, to the city. It is far superior iireflect to any other ecclesiastical edifice in the ooior.y, and dots e edit to the architect wko designed -it, to the builders who erected it, ami to the-eongregution who have been spirited ettocgn to carry it out. IXiiOGDBM, ftafffecE. On Friday ensuing, April 12, an Inaugural service was held in the -churak, which was cum forta ly fiiied <«a the occasion. The proceedings were commenced by the Ear. C. W. Evan giving out the 77Hth Sswiin— "Oil thou towvhomin ancient times Tne lyreof Hebrew bants was strung; j Whom kings adored in songs sublime, ' And pet^iepraised with glowing tongue." j The Ken. a». tStonekacse read the 67tit ? Psalm, aud She dtcv. M. -H. Bodge engaged in Jiraycr. The Kevs. J. 'Xy-all and t\ tV. Cor laving read 'portions of -Scripture, aud offered prayer, The Eev. C. W. EvAf: -delivered the following' dedicatory c.ildress:—" Hyifiie good hand of God upon us we have been permitted to witness lite completion of this building, and uuite in the first song of praise, and in thehrst prayers off ered wit iiim its walls, it has seemed to us appropriate that the first, n.ih'ir swrvtr** ItMi? thh f>mn rh tthnnlil 1«» first patdic service held in the cnuich should be mainly cf a devotional > should tai c precedence of instruction. To uuttiy «>f us, at -least, the occasion is a solemn and a joy ful oas. and our; thoughts and emut.utis &ud; tlie.r most fitting expressions in praise ami sup plication. Fervent, indeed, should be our song of thanksgs-'ing, and earnest the prayer wlucli we: breathe before «Jod. We ask the God whom we worship-and serve to accept the works and offerings of our bands. We seekxrri.ee that we may woe-ship Dim in spirit-and in truth, that we may serve iiim acceptably with revcreuee and godiy fear. \Ve pray that the beauty ofifehovah may he uputt us.: We have erected tUisfiaouse unto His mime. We truii, that vri have had no lower aim rhasi tltc promotion of iI is;rtorv.ithat we have sought Dot our own, but the thaigswhich are Jesus Gixrisi's. It is ■oiny »s we have this conviction that wsir:.ai now with tore hearts seek itie divine sancrioc and smile, iihame, indeed, would belong to us, aud ccnfusiou • f face would be our desert, if wliifc .professing to buitd and" dedicates house unto Ged, we were seeking only our atra. aggrandisement, or the furtheraraKief -c favourite lorm ot name. Eut though oar hearts, condemn u, not as to oixr-suhng aims aud motives, yet it ic n->t with a feeling of pare complacency tiiat we can look ueoir Ure best of our worts, and when v.-e bring them .into tlic presence of the' Holy have also to a-k the forgiveness of the sin which disfigsres anil mars them. The structure; which vcre thus dedicate to God's service is admitted liy ail obseivtsstro possess some degree of material excellence .ansl lieauty, but it is mute too beasuilnl — none too good f or the use to which il is devoted. Grand and costly edifices hare been erected for purposes mean, aud morally qates tionablp while too frequently buildiugs ra.sed for the noblest aud best of.-eo.ls have beeu rude ami unsightly structures. In many cases, indeed, the. meanness of the Christisei sanctuary lias been £. necessity of circumstances. The Christians of the , first ceciury, for instatice,.srha-evermight lietlieir' views-«f the externals.sf religion, had neitiier :' the wealth nor the liberty to erect g«od;y i| sanctuaries, and in suhreqeeut ages many of the followers of Chris;, poor and persecuted, j like their .il-ister, have been .till, thankful for any 1 mannercfroof under v. hichri a sen,hie tor worslnf). I But in a.-rommun ty like where Christians j are numerous and comparatively ricli, dwelling in :i houses supplied not only with all the comfort- littf j •with, many civilization. it were verily a shame that thehnUiOnf :J their Father, whicii is more properly called their : liome than any other earthly habitation, were j luaike-1 byt-usightiinc.es and .poverty ami ilisc-uu- j fort. The wor.-liipof Godisaajcaierihingthautbe '■ business ©:' .the world, and the blessings of the ■ sanctuary -are even more pre&ous; tlian the bless- ! ings of liome; aud we Etc nqi why, in a conimu- i nity like oitrc, claiming to he tulled Christian, the \ House of Uod should not surpass all other build- : ings in prominence of poKition -and in L-eau'y of I couccptioa £ ax", workmanship; wj.ile it should, by ils very form and aspect, preseut a clear iud cation ; of the sacred use to which it is devutvd, aud thus become to mat), amid the absorl>us£;pU!Suits and the materializing liifbcences of earth, p "silent hut con picucus witness for the Hiving Gfd and eternal things. For wi.e.ta arc our best and/most beautiful things, if not for the God of love and beauty ? Sot that He has noos: of anything at oiirniands. but lie takes pleasure liii'-kcofieiingsof lovesmd devotion, and thesoui t hafitcsly and intellieentlj.'oves will not offer unto iiim i-hs nii'iimr lih iuished sacrifice. The n- tion thitf .ail beauties of at should lie ■dissociated front llie Christian sar.ctufcry ami the •worship of Ootl as if He who made .all things ctly , .. girt ill I'agaiiisip, loeited upon art with a,'spiciuii arnd autipaihy. itccsuise ti e beautiful wt known to thcra as allied to the unholy, the heauurirl was scrxiunced aud treated as profane. The same error lias been committed in more recent tenes, ant in the section of the Church of Christ with which vre are mote patiicularly identified, cf ur ^ i-i'.rjtzn forefathers, harassed and iinroverished by opiv-ezdve enactments, were compel.ed to er.^rt rude isariislic stiuctures. in any obscure loeaijey where 4-hey eouhl find an asylum. Ifut what was with them a necessity of their uositimi, some or their descendants came to cook upon as a fixe-i 'i aceompsEiaient of pure ac: undefi ed religion, i; All artistic beauty in conui.-.iiun with the liousc I — house of tied was associated in tk.eir mitt is with cor ruptness of worship ami teaching. Happily, wi.-cr ' thinking aad a better spirit prevail in our dat, and it is % no longer thought necessaiy that a buiMing where tl.e best ami most lie utiful things are to L; taught ami enjojfei, should itself he devoid of every attribute of v-ruae ami comeli ness. But we lUMst not feel too recuse against the opposite and prevalent evil of lifting the externals and accessories ot" worship out of tlieir proper sphere—that of e'.rki subordination to the spiritual so religion. Unhappily it. is but too manifest that tile re is no necessary connection lietween the" beauty of church aieliileeture aud the beauty of holiness i hat should pervade the worship of God. In the ihileKt structure, raised without pro essiouul aid of architect or builder, tiitre may he such worship as the Father seekerh and suchteachiug as stitiful men need, while in the building of the It'ghest arciiitccrur.il pretensions aud merits tlie worship may be cold and forma! and the teaching fceh e unil fruitless, and the grand edifice may prove but a garnished sepulchre. Our earnest prayer to-night is that within these walls men may draw ulgli unto God with true hearts, by one Spirt!, through the one Me diator; and that the teaching of the pulp't may be inspired and energised from above. Thc-s.' are the two purposes for which the building lint, been etetico—worship and teaching—worship offered Jo God and instruction communicated to man. Tim two t.iiu^s are very closely allied a- d often blended in the service pf tht sanctuary: hut they are in t»c;r Esiive iJirtfett, anditinioapifgstiy impiwtant that in the public exercises of the Church eacli | should occupy its proper place and have its due ! share of attention. An impression prevails that, I as CongregationaiKts, we nave Riven undue pro- I mineuce to the sermon as compared with what is more'Sdirectly worship. Some of our forms, of speech seem to betray the error. The devotional portions of the service are commonly described as introductory. Going to a pariicuiar place of wor ship is going to hear a certain preacher. Poisons among us who arrive late in Uie sanctuary—and with 8nmi this is habitual—seem to think it a trivial shortcoming; if they :tre in time for the ser inon. Alfin to ..this, foicinost in the minds of many Christian people in connection with their vis't totlie house of G od, is the idea of get'ing good —of receiving profit. It were well, indeed, if none came up to "the place of the holy" from a lower motive; but the godly man is surely capable of being prompted by a higher. Docs he come to the j church, as he goes to his counting-house, simply for wiiat he can get by it? Is the temple only a spiritual mart, to which the traffickers come with the ruiiug question, " What profit shall we have?" Should Christians not say, rather as the .Lord's Day dawns upon them, with its sweet and hallowed memories and associations, "Oh. come let us worship the Lord; let us make a joyful noise unto the rock of our salvation; let us come before His presence with thanksgiving; let us kneel before the Lord our Maker, for tie is our God, and we are the people of His pasture, and the sheep of His hand." Is there 110 gratitude springing from a sense of God's rich goodness yearning for ex pression in the solemn hymn of praise? Is there no impression of the greatness, the excellence, the putity, and the condescension of God constraining the soul to adore and magnify His holy name? Is there no sense of sin and unworlhiness iiupel'ing the soul to the presence of God, to the feet of the j Bedeemer to confess and pray aud trust? It were well indeed if Christians on repairing to the sanc tuary, expected less from man, aud rendered more glory to God, bringing into His courts the truest aud devoutest offerings of their hearts. They would find that a more excellent way, even in re spect of profit, for then would the human ministry prove to them the vehicle of richer blessing. In the public worship of God, from the synagogue downwards, the service of song has had its place and its importance. Our view of t is is that it should be as far as practicable congregational. "Let tile people praise tile Lord." If an instni- ! ment is used, if a choir, official or semi-olficial, is employed, these are in no wise to exercise vicarious functions—to praise Go 4 for or in place of the assembly; but they are to be held strictly subordinate anl auxiliary to the general concert of the people in the exercise of praise. In this respect we have much to desire. Many good people appear in the church, and while God's praises are sung they are mere listeners and spectators, as if they ha 1 received from God neither hetrts nor voices. They thus withhold from common worship that which they ought to "contribute, ami deprive their fellow worshippers of the aid which the sympathy of numbers is designed to afford. As to the cha ncier of the psalmody, let it be artistic if it may. 'J'he best of music, as well as the best of architec ture, should be consecrated to God; but it were a ; great calamity if, while gaining in artistic excel lence aud effect, it became undevout, not to say frivol us. We -Jo not think that the Au'hor of all harmouies has any pleasure in harsh ami di scor dant sounds; bat we ate sure that the rudest ami m ist inharmonious strains of the most rustic congregation, if, at the same time, hearty and f. rveut, are more acceptable to tl c ear of God ; than the most artistic and harmonious melodies, . if with the understanding of song and tile j xceilenee of performance there is wanting the ' spirit of praise and the heart of devotion. There is 11 > reason, however, why culture should be undercut in any department of God's service. Theie are reasous why culture should prove lielp fel to devotion. While wc earnestly desire that tirade portions of the puh'ic service which are more strictly worship may be of a more spiritual and elevated character, we cannot att'or i in our time to assign to teaching in the sanctuary a to vcr posh i> >u than it has occupied among us. As Congrc-ga tionalists we are but a small section of tile great ] Church of Christ in the world, but what position wo have attained in that Church, aud v.li t in fluence pertains to that position, we owe very largely to the degree of intelligence and spiritual efficiency with which the truth claimed among us. We owe lfctte to our organiza tion evcept freedom, from certain, evils which may have entrammeiled others. Weowe little to wealth or prestige. \V« have inherited b»t a small share of these. Hut we owe much under ] God to the power and fidelity with wiijch godly ! men among us. speaking veriiy as they were moved i by the Holv Ghost, have preached the ev rlasting i Gospel, and expounded the laws and principles of j Christ's Kingdom. We honourtlie memory of the 3 first Congregational P'cSiisr and the founder of the ! Congregational body in this land, and whosenaiue ! is to be permanently 'associated with this building. ' And to what does lie owe the eminent position ■ which the common voice of the Churches has. assigned to him? Deublless to a variety of tltmss,' for he was endowed with a tare combinaricx of; qualities^ but mali^y, I think, to the cleornes > aud force, and consistency with which lie provlnUned the tnsth of Christ, aud advocated the interests of our common faith. And whatever may be wanting: here in time to scome, I pray that there quay be: provided for those who shall assemble a true.; efficient, and feithful ministry of God's ieofy Word.! < >nsach miuistry dependr in no secondary'degree: the -edifying if? the body of Christ—®a "such a juisistry largely depends theconversioR of sinners;! from the errursof their ways. Much ss -is effected • I place .. agencies that God employs to save rsiuuers. "to arouse the-careless, the presumptuous awn, -ari turn the -tike of souls another way." And tire objects'for which this building has been raised -will iiGt ''be fulfilled if here sinners are are 'not ■drawn to the uplifted Saviour—if -here tlre-sxi burdcRctl-sn-l troubled soul .ioescot-'find resv-end pence-4; here the voice of the .prodigal-is -tint heaid-Bajxng, " Father, I have sinned"—if there 'the hearts of the contrite ones are not revived and blessed. God forbid that any tftispel -sheui J be preacheS here whicli shall n.« -go down with its Diviwrremedy to the roots of roan's need—which shall not reveal to him in his ste-end wretdhc-inc-s the Clntst of God, the Christ Incarnate, em.ifieit. risen. tod ever living to save. I tnset that 'for -fgsierutinns to come tEie 'truth tcs it is it: vresas will be proclaimed here ■ hi - it : sim plicity and in its fulness—for simple-enough is it tr.-iaeet the requirements eif the linsni>.\\.-st and most illiterate, and full aud -deep enough is it to satisfy the soul of the prufoendest philosopher, if, wiil-eu great "manin understanding."" tieij- j also "a IrehHS til malice" and in heart. We liaviSEO reason j to apprehend that amid tbc'-reiuar-kabh; develop taciRsof the present day, and the foreshalowed det^opments of the future, the everlasting Gospel wiil be outstripped and left behind, -an (Inanimate thing of tlie past. It is stiS young, asadovus never a,ore vigorous; and we it we a strong persuasion that if trie preacher of the Gospel we r e up 'o his '■vocation, he would be foBuilun tire-van <.f all true -progress, and would half -in 'Lis Mauler's name •every light of philosophy, 'mid every discovery of science, being .assured met all truth. *-, well as all ■Store, centres in the fuhsass -cf Him-by whom all tilings were made, and by whom all things xsist.. Befeinng again -for -a urioment to , ccwxsist, Eefeinng again _ . the mutual relations asmd mutual -dependence •Vri worship and teaching, histcK has its -lsasons to read to us 0:1 this subject. One of these Giwons is, that true aud eiB-tieni teething is essen • tisfi to the purity aud spirituality of -worship. It 1k» lircn observed by a wise man -among us, that '"Every age distinguished hy- aiii-eiiiiglitcnedand earnest Christianity has kee11~a.11 age no less bis l.nguished liy an enlightened aud.-exrxest prc-.cli j.iug of the Gospel. In jeges of superstition forms raised into the place <0 uustrarctiov; in ages of ipkty instruction is raised anto the plate of form-, tigaarate from preaching, the meaning of external , olwervar-cis, even wlic-11 -of divine. origin, is soon otxeured and lost. It is only when allied with etwagelical instruction Chat sud: things are | assigned _ to their proper place, -atfid -used to their orqser end. The mission-ufithe GesPel is a mis sies to instruct and edits'; but to-instruct and ■odfsy is a service pertaining to tie,preacher and -isotrto the ritualist-. Tire end of.rehgion may be worship, hut ttie mean- is vlmt-ewitis instruction, cod instruction mainly by .preativaij." Such worth; ileserve a heariu g rip-view.cfresrtuin eccle siastical developments of and extension of llituaitrsi in .churches of the ahp <>f flm £*»-»*-«»r>t Protectant designation is one ofi.the an»J, as wc think, most humiliating facts, in the religinu orf tut--' -revivo', is but the ofi'spricg -of an -c-rchitc-ctiual -revival; that the revivors of Gothic.era in ecc'ie -siai.ticcl structures opened Hie door ts the llitu alists, suul bade them enter, in-otlieriwords, lliat a hittiv ltitu-.il worsliiji, witJi a't .its-ornate and •costly .appurtenance", is but the cnUiral and ■ncccsaa: y result of the revival of g. fldtter taste I y.:id:feeliig in our church architecture. It would ! -nut he iSlficuit to estaliiish a eonnertioi; between I any-two .tilings associated wfith r&iigicrr; but tluit ! the conii-.ction between the arehitectiirei: and the ; i ritual iu.t&is; case is a necessary .ennueetiso we fail to perceive. Because some dqgree of tiieiisthctic is .appropriate and desirable in tbe w.twnals of trorcliin. tr does not follow that there mag not lie asliamed to imitate Jier in any- , thing til at seemed to us pool; hut with iiiat ritualisric movessient, involving as iteieariy does a large incecase.of the priestly element, we have no sympathy. To -our eye it is a wholly retrognsie movemeut, pointing to the daikueis of -tke middle ages. Wc.cas see notiiinggor.d in it, noihi'-.g indifferent, except is may he rtgtrded ;o; a confes sion of weakness nod want. Some zeaions parti- I cipants in tlie movement Iiave pleaded in its 1 favour that tiiey coivW not interest aud attract the ; people liy public ieaehiug and the oliBervuit-Mv i of a simple woiship, and that therefore ~ . the rituil and the symbolic were put".] in requisition. By -these the people are iui.c rested, as evidenced by tlie crowd - who ficquen; J til 5 liieh ri: mil ehurche.", while other ch-irches near j who follow in tlie old path are well righ deserted, j But we seriously ask what is tlie value of the intd- . rest thus excited? Is it tot of a very low iype? J Are men reaiiy bettered byiiieseceremiuiials? It 1 would ill-lieeome tis, on tke present oceusion. 4o ; violate that charity which thiiikctli no evil, which j biiieth all things; but ue find it difficult to divest | our mind of the notion that amid the tihrisiiau : light of our time those high ritual performances in which vestments anil aaitude* are such con spicuous features. look very iikeplaying at religion. We are, indeed, as-urc.l that tlie rilua i.-ts are cmineufly characterized by eaniesttu-'as; stiii, to j our eye. it looks remarkably like the earnestness j of childicu at their play. Is it the eartiestness of men wlio are really seeking to make their fclioiv- j men better liy means adapted to effect it ! -nicaus ! adapted to enlighten the mind, to improve the ! heart, to quiekcu the moral sensibiii: ics, to elevate j ami transform the character, to save the sou) r Let any thoughtful 111 n who lias been an evc-wiinc s. or onlyamer.taiobserverofoncofthe.se high riiu d service-, turn away and look into liis New Testament ' aud read one of Paul's Epistles, or our Lord's sermon on tlie Mount, and will lie not find him self breathing a very different atmosphere and attending to a very different kind of teaching? Hoar little is there in the life and teaching of t.hrist 011 which a fabric of ritualhiu could he bastd? How few are His words respecting the two simple ordinances, of His^ appointment— i Christ's greatest luiraan foe, and against him and his ritualism the strongest indignation of the Holy One was directed. In this Church our desire will tie to adhere to the ( hristian ritual in its simplest form. We recognise n" piicHltwd save that of Jesus and the common p: i stliood of all the £21111-=. We be ieve in no mystic emeacyof rites = and sacraments. We are all brethren worshipping only the one living God, trusting only 111 the one Mediator, and looking for all spiritual results throuirh tile operation of tlie one Bres-reil Spirit. It is known to ali present that the church winch wc thus set apart for worship and for the procla motion of tlie Gospel is also designed to tie a inemo rial of our dcpaiteu and revered friend a.r. ^t-iw. It is now nearly five years since he finished liis course aud entered into rest; but though dead lie yet speake li. How f miliar to us are| li ft form and features, and sayings, and long will it b ere these shall be effaced fiom our uunds. 1 he erection of such a memorial is a work sanctioned by the pietv and intelligence of all tunes. Tlie godlv Hebrews of ancient times frequently put up their memorial stones. They raised monumental objects to perpetuate the memory of the Divine goodness to them at special times and places, that the past might often lie recalled for the purposes of piety and. devotion. And let it uot l>e supposed that hy this memorial we arc aiming merely at t he exaltation of the human. We desire to glorify God iu man. We recognise the gifts and excel lencies with which God endowed our departed friend for the benefit of tlie church and the colonv. We nerpetu ite the memory of the Divine good ne s in having sent to this land one so eminently fitted for the position and circumstances in which lie was placed. We express 111 a visible a U permanent form our gratitude for all the good tliat was accomplished through lus instrumentality. When our children^ and cui children's children shall ask their fathers in time to come what mean these stones f-whv is the building thus designated J- then they shall answer : llms aud thus has God dealt Willi our people in the past. But I must bring my remarks to a close, in an address given on an occasion like tlie present, the opening ol a church for the use of a particular denomination of Christians, it is but natural that the denominational element should protiude ilselfsomewhat prominently. Cut I would take the opportunity as the minister and the representative of the people who shall worship here, to assure our friends connected with oilier sections of the < hristian Church, that we earnestly desire to cherish not only good will but brother'v kindness toward all the members of the body of Christ. We thank our friends of other churches and denominations for their kindly syinpatlir in the undertaking which is thus broucht to a com pletion. We thank them for the evidence of their sympathy by their presence to-night. And oar earnest prayer is, that our common Lord and Saviour may be exalted, that our common faitrt may prevail, and that the laud of our adoption, so highly favoured in the providence of God, mav become distinguished for all that is good, and noble, and great. One word more m conclusion, and I wi h to say it especially to the members of our own congregation. We are assembled, mv brethren, for the first time in a building dedicated to God's worship. Let us solemnly ask ourselves —are we now, and shall we be, if permitted to frequent this sanctuary, such worshippers as the Father seckcth to worship Him? »e may have much to do witli the worship <-f God outwardly, and yet have no more part iu the reality of that worship than has tlie buildiug in winch we meet. We believe that within these walls there shali rise up siieutly and progressively, through the ministry of the truth, aud hy the power of God's spirit, a spiritual house— a buihuag of God composed of lively stones, and resting on the foundations of the Apostles and prophets, Christ himself being the chief corner-stone. Let us see that we are incorporated with that building. I jet as dread the. thought of being the mere scaffolding as it were of the spiritual temple, having only a temporary con n^xion with it, to be puHeil dowa and cast away when the work is finished. Oh. that all who shall assemble here may find themselves built into God's living and everlasting teicple. whose founda tions no changes call effect, whose beauty no lapse of time can impair, aud wlskh shall appear mils full grandeur when ail •earthly structures liave yerished,1' A hymn having been d«Esainted. the Rev. Alfred Bit-g read the third chapter of First Corinthians, and offered nraver. A collection was theu made, and, after the Rev. C. W. Kvan had pronounced the benediction, the-proceedings closed. Tut; *?sxda.t Services. The opening services were continued on Sunday ; iu the Sotour Mersecial Church. The Rev. A. M. • Henderson, a m glister who is held in high repute- j tinn among his vtwn very numerous congregation iu Melbourne, officiated in the morning; when there was a feifectly crowded attendance. Sites devotional exercises, which were so ordered as to be appropriate to the occasion, having concrr.ifed, Mr. Henderson took for his text. Isaiah -ST'th and Hth: ""•■For thus saith the High and Lofty One, ; that inhsteteih elernitv. whose name is ffedy. I dwell 'in the high and holy place, wist htm also that is of a contrite and humble -spirit, to revive the spint of the humble, and to revive the heart •<£ the contrite ones." Having briefly reviewed the apostate state of the Jews lander the reign -of the wicked Manasseh, attention ^ was drawn: to tlie double aspect in wh»ch the Most High was presented to the contemplation of in tlie' lev:—wEaiestv 'trad cumies censr.on — those attributes seeming to impress tier soul on the one hand with revereifilal awe. and eh the other with confiding hope. The first •t'.rvusht conveyed by the passage -was a grandly ir-lufiiiite description of Jehovah—the High anil rtre Lofty < hie—the Ifcwsr irffiniteKr-elevated above v!l created objects—theG-mn'ain d'S-fe—the embo diment of unlimited perfection. Tie splendour of His might was displayed in »llie multitude of worlds which He fcs-1 formed, al'.hougii, in the language of Job, these -creations were but the hiding of His power the fuil thunder of His ma jesty none heing able to'comprehend. The perfec lion of wisdom was disclosed iu'the laws which He 1 had framed to regdhfte the •vsrstw.iid multitudinous orbs ivliicli roi!cfi?s tlie iiniiKns-ty of space, ami in the marvellous xdaptation -tx be traced in the minutest as weK as most -stupendous of His works. The perfection of Hiegoedness was exhi bited iu the ea-oyinent associated with life and animation in alli.-s forms, 'from the very lowiie.-t. anil most iesigiiilicdat tyr.es to the highest developments. But it was impossible for man to grasn 'tlie 'Infinite. His reason was; bewildered at,c overwheliK-ebin reflecting upon tlie finite, an-l b«w then-could he have due concep-; lions of the eternal Keif-existent One vrho could: lie affected 51? nothing, lint who sj ontaneousiy; wrought oirt his own purposes, aud did his own: will. I he negt thought piesenting itself was that; the High ard Lofty Gee governed all beings., Man in his fight were sisrtbe clods of the valley:' the dwellers-n the worhio: darkness trembled at: Htsfr.wn, ami the jroteosstes, principalities srui'; powers of Ufie Heaven ifeself paid their lowly; houvage te Him -witwu rthe humbed ^Hefeu-j Inen-w ^tckiiowledgeil almighty to do his: own plea-sere " in the-arusras; of iieitven, and among, the inhahitar.ts of earth"." The next words of the text were«*2»iually striking with those preceding; iem—" ifeo iiiliahirerfi isicriiity." Reason ar.d; them - - - . - . . revelation coiucided .at being witness tire, there wes im single tiring .drawn from the depths of the • earth, or visible ott surface, riuit home -icirks of not being; theutselvexoriginals. Tfcey were all deductible tc< a formerso-great first cast-1, and that first cause' was Eecessarily self existent and eternaL iiof.'i ..1.1 hl..-r irwicn tlio ta-Lai nf pfprntfr" could ther grasp the A&a; of eternity.' rt'bik:, strata wcm lieing piled voluiite-efiha earth, mil&tus; of years before it fee-; ciime £t--for tlie residence of man, God extshSi.. Back, iwek from that time, through dreary agsc' iu v.-|ike: j--.o form of -creaed iife breathed, wher.; as vet the .wild aud priuritiye atoms li id uot been; rolled tcresthei into masses, and hut one sten hrfC; hr'cu reErtted towards fe eternity of God. Let1 ' liens go-hack to a perhifi before a single stun',; floated it; space, or a revs!ring orb was foriadC,: when throne of the lii-ity was filled bytiod<. alone; s'.i.en not a siagJe-angel bowed ailoriEgh' before the Almighty pestence. when universal, nature a univeisai 'blank, and they bad: r.-;:c!vs»i- tit the froil tier ■«: that eternity. The", were creatures of the preee-.t, to w hom eteixity: was a goah but there never had been a period:in; wliielt Gsel could not. have spoken himself as tfec: High aini Lofty One that icLdbitetii eternity. Tiiaj next tliot,ff:t brought before ilicm was contaxied'; in the woir.s, " Whose nats: is Holy." tiod hod; no sytcpEt'iy with or indulge ice for tin, and eesryi man had the irradicalile wjtjs.ess in himself that he; was utatkria the image of ike Most lligli, ami that: he was created for holiness- liie whole teachings; of liist«i-y.v"ent- to 6how tint, the Almighty ia-t winch the intelligences that stootl before hiai! viewed this-disiinguishing fesicre in the character, <>f Him was of purc.sy-s than to behold; iniquity. The passage next teionglit before theic notice theilliea of God dweUiHi,"-in tile liigh and • luilv jiaee. Men of genius hi-i conceived for the ■ Most lioiy a habitation -<£ spleiic.our and:: infinite .-issteet far removed !'l±om human ken. I hut eve:! *t!'.cir sneculatiotsc weie such as; the rninsl ceu'd not grasp. ^ and with all '■ tliat the irtaatest intellects coulc. sugeert to them they vvete fotced to conclude vri'-G Kolomon, tlie heaven aed the heaven of heaveec could not con tain Him - that lie sat enthrcne-l in the magni ficence of His own infinity, that He dwelt in light which " no-mat hath seen nor can see," and that even tlie -seraphs as they approached Him felt abashed and «c-re fain to cover, their faces with their wines, .tboier the manifestations of His ineffable purity effd splendour, weiliixight luoitals feel afraid were they not encouraged hy the assurance that -L>- dwelt "with him who was of a humble «nl contrite heart." Tliis close and cheering assoeijitisa of the Almighty,s tenderness with His majesty was evinced thrst^hout the wiiule of His Word. Although governing tlie universe, and .maintaining the laws hy which it was regulated, He was ready to regard the •ears of the poiii'ent, and the pains and sorrows of His ere?.tu cs, and to ajlerd the consolation ttfil t.clief which His wisdom saw to be meet. Air. Henderson lingered 1 for some length onibs branch oi the sulgect, and then alluded to£he .beautiful structure id ctrhi.h they were met. As ite had looked upon it the pre vious day he had felt that there was nothing about it unchaste, unseemly, or unworthy, except ghat everything about them txost be unworthy of Ccf'e glory, and his heart hafijiune out iu prayer that .ts? Almighty would make it a place where he won id reveal himself to men. 'Go- building, beautiful cu: ; it was, would be nothing .unless God made it thy pisce of liis habitation, and he therefore asked J tbstu to pray earnest-y nsl work heartily and! Elatedly that much good might result from the 1 pleaching of the gospel wiiiim these walls. He tlttu announced the collecting, and desired all to give freely, observing that people had not so much light to rejoice unless the place they consecrated to Die me worship wa« free < f debt. la the afternoon there was a large congrega- | tion, cad, after singii g and |>rafer had been en gaged in, the Rev. Jas. Jcficrkr LL li., took the 1st verse cf tlie 5th chapter of Gnlatians—1"Ktand fast therefore ia the liberty wherewith Christ liafh made us free, and he not entangled again with the yoke of bondage" : —as tlie basts of a powerful and eloquent address. He said they h=d met to consecrate that noble building to the set vice of God, not by any sym bolic rites, but by praise and prayer. Occasions like the present we.-e deemed specially fitted for the assertion of the distinctive principles of t'hris thc: , . tianitv, or the defence of any that were ignGtcd or invaded by any large section of the followers of , Christ. The reverend gentleman then proceeded j to refer to the question of Ritualism, describing ] the form and manner in which the practices i attaching to it were carried out, and designating its objects. He said that Ritualism had a deeper j vience of lire laity to the priest. He then spoke of ■ i the two chief modifications of spiritual despotism, i the tyranny of the outward acting upon the senses i and imagin-tinii, and Hie tyranny of lite human I will of a class or order of inen acting upon the mdt i ridual mind and heart. He referred to the fears I entertained by many ill it P.otestantism was auout i to change its character, but said tliat the omens ' yere ia favour of Ckrisiiao libwi/i and be appts'gj to those present carefully to watch and strongly to j oppose the very beginnings of priestly power, which were entirely opposed to the spirit a"d teaching of Christ. The preacher coil eluded with a graceful tribute to the memory of the first p.istnr of the church. He said:—4i We honour to-day with *uch honour as we are permitted to render to a feilotv mortal, a great ami gifted zuau. ihis Church is a memorial of his pieiy aud worth. But a nobler monument than this has been reared to the memory of I Thomas Q.mnton Stow. He was the foremost ?jVlul«,*on religious liberty isi this province. ills name is "writ huge" upon our religious institu tjons. Chbfly to him, under God, it is due that tne Churches of this land were so early eman cipated fro:u State c-intr-il. Throughout his career as a minister of Christ, he contended for Christum liberty in all its farms aud against all its f..es. He «sts from liis labours, aud his works do xohow him.'" Jn the evening the large and spacious building was densely crowded, every space even to the plat firm being tided to its fullest extent. The He v. Air. Henderson selected for bis text—1st John, chap, v., the nth and 1:1th verses—"He that hath the Sou hath life, and he that hath not the Son of Cod hath not life. These things have 1 written unto you that ye believe on the name of the Son of God; that ye may know that ye have eternal hfe, and that ye may' believe on the name of the Son of God'"—dividing his dis course under three heads — first, the gi t of God here yeco.-ded; second, the medium through which it is bestowed; and third, the relation of didcrent classes to it. The lev. gentleman then adverted to the manner and modes in which the gift was t o be manifested, exemplifica tion of wnicli was afforded by the life of Christ. In the course of bis sermon Air. Henderson, in dwelliug upon the last pint of his subject, observed that it been said tliat of Noah's A rb, many a man who had laboured in the building had not been saved init. and it might be that some of those who had beeu engaged in the building of this bouse of God, who had had their hearts in it, had bestowed energy i upon it, had bestowed property upon it, yet it might be that Christ had uut found a place in their hearts; that He was not male the first and last and main end and motive of their lives, because they had never yet with simplicity and meekness received the W ord of the living God. He repeated the waruiug—"He that beliereth not tiie Son shall not see life, but the wrath of God abiduili upon him" — and entreated all to lice to Christ, who could save them from that doom, then would the time speut in the services of that day be a time which they could look back upon through all their lives. The preacher occupied the attention of his hearers for mote than an hour and a quarter. At the close of tire sermon a collection was made in aid of the funds, the result being very sati-factoty. Natcre and Man. A lecture on "Nature and Alan'" was delivered by the Kvv. A. M. Henderson, in connection with tile Freeman-street Congregational Young Aten's Society, in the Stow Aleinor.nl Church, on Monday evening, April 1-5. There was a large attendance, including a number of ministers of various deuo minaiions. The chair was taken by Mr. Thomas Graves shortly after 7 o'clock, and the. proceedings were commenced by the iiev. S. Mead offering prayer. The Chairman said he fclc pleased in being called upon to fid that position. It would lie re membered that in February, 1SS5, a lecture was delivered by Dr. Graham on the laying of the foundatiou-stoue of that church, and he was tlieu called upon to preside. At that time they had a ; great work before them, astliey contemplate 1 the erecriou of a place in which to worship God aud also io commemorate a name dear to most of them, and he trusted they were not disap pointed io the result. He knew that some of their friends considered the build iug too large and too good, and others thought it too ornamental; but lie did not agree with them —first, because a house offered to God could not | be too -pood—(Hear, hear)—and .secondly, because a PelMing to commemorate the memory of their departed pastor, Mr. Stow, could uot be too good, tricar, hear.) Although there would be some work to clear ofi" the debt that remaiued on it, they had only done their duty in etecting it, lie need not ssy that he had taken considerable interest in the traction of tliat place—an interest nor surpassed by any one. He trusted that i-n that house, built for the worship of God, many souls might be brought to Gbiist, and that health and strength might be giveu to their dear pastor to preach the truth as .it was in .'eats; stud he believed that instead of finding the bursting too large, it would be we:l tilled. They were much indebted to Mr. Henderson for his visit to them upon the occasion. He bad called upon hint while in Melbourne, and : was glad to find that Ira-at ouce acceded to bis (Uie i Chairman's) request t-c come to Adelaide, aud he 1 trusted it would not bathe last lime the rev. gentle-' man would visiufeesa. He hoped, a'so, that Mr. Evan i would be able to visit Melbourne for the lieuefit -of' bis health. Ac the time of the last lecture he had i referred to it was-suggested that the various inmis ters should exokastge in the colony. Noibiug, however, had been done to carry that plan into operation; l«it Ire hoped their dear pastor woeUJ be able to take a )iS.« time tor health aud recreation. (Hear.) The solo, ""Comfort ye," and the """Glory Chorus," from the Messiah, were thesi gyven by the choir. 'ike tiev. Kr. Henderson here camerfsrward, and coiiimenocd his lecture. He remarked t hat iu t!icc.;itrse_'»f bis researches he had ohse vx-d that no -point df -nature was isolated from another, but : all were related, and formed a universal whole. One being, man, occupied the most prominent position, and nature bore more relation to man than to any other created being. He intended to speak on the subject of " Nature and Man," for the purpose of indicating those relations, and showing how it was that man stood- at the head of all. He had also, in another -light, looked upon nature in relation to man -that of revelation, Sehyy subject had not failed to engage his atten tion. and he considered that in a contemplation of it much might be found to raise the tone of thought in the minds of young men. After speaking of the difficulty naturally experienced by a Christian minister in divesting his mind of natural theology in lecturing upon such a topic; he pro ceeded to say that he should not be expected to define the terms in which he had expressed his lecture, so many definitions had been given upon that subject. Every one knew that. the profound Greeks defined nature as that which was ever pro ducing and being produced; also how the Romans, in the term natura, indicated precisely the same meaning and it was defined by others as some- thing which was never perfect, never complete, never strictly speaking a being, only a becoming, but under laws of necessity like fate. A state of variety with eternal unity, but always the same ; though dissociated. Then with respect to the definition of man, he had been defined as an animal of different kinds. -Hence Plato described him a" a biped stripged of his feathers, which gave rise to the observation of Diogenes, when he stripped a cock and sent it to Plato—'There goes Plato's man."' But such were not definitions in the a piece of work is man. How noble in reason! How infinite ill faculties, in farm and moving how express and admirable, an action how like an angel, n apprehension. hew like a god!—the beauty of the world,,the paragon of animals." Still they knew what man was when they spoke of - him as distinguished from every other creature around; and in contemplating that topic he should speak of man physically, intellectually, æsthetically, and religiously. The lecturer then briefly reviewed the physical constitution of man— in form most beautiful, grand, and majestic,' notwithstanding his inferiority in size and' other characteristics -to many of the creatures. of earth. His chemical composition was minutely described, the law of gravitation, his respiration, the vicissitudes of day and night, - the variations of the seasons, and their wonderful' i adaptation in maturing the products of the vegetable kingdom, fitting them for man's use, were also touched on. He remarked that the present economy of the globe was only but one part of the existence of man; and he carried them back in imagination to the time when earth presented a different form—a time of intense heat, when the- solitude was only broken by the rolling thunder from bursting volcanoes. Man could not' have lived then, neither, could he have existed in the carboniferous era—a period in which vegeta- tion nourished in its most beautiful and gigantic forms; but the very name bestowed upon it showed that it must have been destructive to life in a few moments. Coming higher fc the secondary period the age of the gigantic ichthyosaurus pleiosaurus, and other monsters of that class, he pointed -out that the existence of tans with his present physical constitution would have been impossible. He also showed how, in tbe wondrous working of nature, the different eras were made to contribute.to the comfort and civi lizaiton of mankind in supplying him with incal culable wealth. As an illustration, he noticed the fcrmation of that common material stone, and asked what would have become of tbe noble art of. sculpture without it. Phidies, Praxiteles; Michel Angelo, and other- celebrities would never have Leer, he-id of, aud Uiie gfiories of the Vatieac. the Apollo Eelvidere, the Laocoon and the Gladiator would never have -existed but for imperishable marble. Eloquently ksr. pointed out tire advt utages derived fruits rise baser metals, aud expressed his conviction ilia; were iior. taken from 1 tlteiu, n.au would again i,:iik into barbarism, i.apiii-y ,he skeiclicd tlie relation of t'uun to the .... — etpokeof and goo.iuaas of the Creator in Ids adaid-ation of the atmosphere, giving life .and health, tccaveying sonud ami light, referring to the essentiality j oi the latter to the growth and wellbciiw of the vegetable kingdom, and the wise aud delicate ar rangements through which it exercised its influence uson man. and was indeed subservient to.his will. lie then proceeded to speak of nature in its relation to man intellectually. In all ages man had been engaged in the contemplation of nature. There was evidence that he had done so antecedent to the deluge, and that characteristic was ,dis cernible through all later times, exhibiting itself in the forms of idolatrous worship which were prac-' tiscd in Chaldea, Egypt, and other ancient nations. - Passing on, down the stream of time, they were ijiought to the liistreyof thut country which be- : irrme the intellectual eiistressof the world. There ; jcvery created object l.rescame associated with sonic presiding divinity. Tlie son became personified as •tdreillo, tlieclmste moinjss Diana or Cynthia, fire E'uj'3 had alt their patron sorts and godesses, the end fore and satyrs, the floods had their neriads; and, in addition to this, every power and faculty of man was represented by a deity. The influence which the heavenly bodies were supposed to exercise over man was well illustrated by the passage from Job—"Canst thou bind the sweet influences of Pleiades or loose the bands of Orion ?" Comets had been received with awe, for from their "horrent hair shook pestilence and war, with fear and change disturbing monarchs;" while in astrology many great minds had been engaged in seeking out the reasons of things. But he must return to Greece and her columns, and trace scientific development there. First came Thrles of Miletus, the man who created the science of geology, and who fixed upon water as the great arké— the first principle of all things. After him came Anaximises, who gave forth the idea that air was the first principle of all. His theory was carried to further issues by his suc cessor, Diogenes, and then followed Anaxamander, who conceived the grand idea that the infinite was the great arké. Next came Pythagoras, who stood before the world still as one of the most gigantic shadows of ancient times. He gave a different interpretation to the mystery of the prime cause of all thmngs. and decIared numbcrs to be that first principle, and things to be but the shadows of numbers. Following him came Xenopoles the first, who promulgated the doctrine of the purity of God; and then his illustrious pupil. Later stlil : were Zeno and Pericles, and Anaxagoras and Socrkstes, that wondrous interrogator, who feeling the vastness of the field of knowledge which lay before him, admitted his own ignorance, and made it the business of his life to prove to others of greater pretension how little they knew. The marvellous genius of Plato and Aristotle, and the Elder Pliny, were alluded to, and then the lecturer in glowing terms referred to the discourses of Kepler and Newton, dwelling upon the productions of some of the master minds of the present day. and expressing the surprise with which he marked young men loitering oversell works as the"Old Curiosity Shop." or " Vanity Fair," while a mine of inexhaustible wealth lay ready to be explored in connection with the contemplation of the Almighty and His works. (Ulieere.) The astonish ing facility with which all natural objects, com posed as they were of some 60 chemical elements, might be studied and commented upon; the theory of Pythagoras as to numbers being the first prin ciples and things being the shadows of numbers elaborated, and the uniformity of law observable throughout the whole economy of Nature was il lustrated, and the lecturer then came to the third and concluding portion of his lecture—man con sidered in his aesthetic and religious relations. Speaking of the first, he said he should not dwell at any length upon it. He spoke of it as the ima gination and fancy blending with the emotions in a love of the beautiful. Imagination designed while fancy adorned. Many philosophers had advocated the theory that the love of the beautiful sprang from associaiion; but had Adam association to create that love which he felt for the beautiful around hiin? He would rather agree with what the poet said than with the philosopher, and take Milton's view when he wrote " These are thv glorious works. Parent of Good; Almighty! Thine this universal frame. Thus wondrous fair: Thyself how wondrous then.'* Such was his conviction with regard to it. (Ap plause.) He then dwelt on the mighty magnifi cence of creation, more particularly brought before them by the researches of astronomy. The works of Herschell and Nicholls informed them that they discovered as it were sandbanks of worlds stretching far away into space, so distant that it would take two millions of years for light from them to reach the earth if travelling at the rate of twelve millions of miles a minute. With Lord Ross's grand telescope there had been brought into view distant nebulae, so distant that light would have to travel with the rapidity of 12 millions of miles a minute for 30 millions of years before it would reach the earth, and who could tell into what infinity of space those worlds stretched? It was when they came to think of those things that man felt himself to be but a drop, a point, the mere dust of the balance in God's creation. Yet it was in the fact that man he could turn to the sun that lights the world, and see that that sun was but a globe of fire, an atom in the sky, while he, immortal as its sire, should never die. While, however, nature revealed all this to them, its revelations were but inadequate to the wants of man. It told him of God; but what more could it tell Him? Hew the sinner might he purged from sin and obtain the pardon of his transgression, and how his sinful heart could be purified, his degenerate nature sancti fied and raised to God. Could it feel that infinite void in the soul of man which the consciousness of sin placed between him and the Universal Father? Oh, no. The lecturer remarked that the grandeur of creation could en trance the soul but he never yet knew any one who could read the message of pardon in the stars of heaven, or look upon the sun and feel it come upotl him as the seal of the infinite blotting out of his transgressions. Nature was but the outer court of his great temple, and only when the heart of man had passed through that, and could lay down his gift before the altar which sanctified the gift, only then was the relation complete. Might God grant them that blessing, for His name's sake. (Applause.) . , , . Jlr. O. H. Goode proposed a y- te of thanks to | the lecturer, lie rejoiced to think that they had nearly approached perfection in chapel builning, and he was pleased that tl.e erection of that place j had resulted in Mr. Henderson's visit to South i Australia. He must congratulate their fellow- , colonists of Victoria upon having Mr. Henderson at the head of their institution for instructing young mea to prench the acceptable^ go spec ef salvation. He wished success to that instit'ilioii over which Mr. Henderson presided. (Applause J The CsMjiissioser, of Public )Vobks English seconied the resolution, which was carried with great cordiality. ... , The liev. Mr. UESPkitsos thanked them, and .especially for the sympathy expressed fur the in-ti tufr-rHi ever which he had the ltcnotir to preside. Tfeey had not one of the kind in South Australia, tad he thought perhaps it was b "St, as it was an expensive estab ishment; bat if fits South Aus tralian friends liked to send ovcr sny young men to him, they would he made as gond-s sthe raw iua~eri.il would allow. He hail not forgotten I he Kind visit of the Chairman, who had s,=ked liim to come over: and he had men whilst amongst them that they had a spirit cf the highest and licet character. He advised them to raise the building free from f debt, and to avoid the Hs- arrowing of money, j however profitable it refill he to the lender. 5 (Cheers.) The choir tfcwr gave "'-Gloria in Excclsis. The Rev. C. W. EVa>: then proposed a vote «K ! thanks to the Chairman *nd the choir, which *:-as came l bv ssorkiuj at ior,'-*, i-ivithe I Ra,ihma>t acknowledged the C'tos&iniant;, the doxologv* was suns; and she L'ev. C. V\T. Evan havingprcu>eaceu the bcuediraon, thbproccedmjrs terminated. TEA. AVD ^yBLlC j\lE£TIXOS. A fces sneering *Wks held in White's H^somon: Tuesd;# evening, wfcteh was attended by «rvcr COO; persoRf, and wss«*f*UoweA by uaubiK'rsaefcmg in i theSwrw Memorial Churclu at which Sis Honor' the C \lef voided. There-was a htrgrei attciss. sncfi, every available seat bers£ occupieth j and /-n the platform were minUtets^'VathKislic noBKnations. Themeetin^r tPas opened with sna;*-:mrandprayer, fSis Ifcxcit, in his opening still a£tatl~d hirti^ery great gratified!*!! to be pf>' i leeed in provide over tlie -'the-present rcsasidii. They had met to cidoncutc the ass*EU ' * " "—— wli;6h5$ad f-vas back ] tmon {t^etpast. and'to look forward to theft mure. I ?t;w-as one-of those resting-places so to strait— j though - to one sense there was no nans-c m their \ onward fsr.gresB--but one of those points \ 'they were impelled to review the coupsl <»v«r $ -which tin;y had passed, end to center.i;d i!e !<*the part they had yet Uo tiarerse. L«'uk ^ ing baeic they would see a body ot <3hi;srians, j were wont wwovsuip vn t!»»s p^.ace, • jilandim? upon the then desolate choresthis 'I'colony, ass«»ciating themselves under thslr able and etrgiTgetic pastor, towhnse memory ?place hid been in one sense enrcted. They-saiv them gr.Twmg with the growth and increasing ^?ith the incre&.o of the colony, sp?ca iing tiie«»«l!ves into varioars portions, an«l :for the part remaining a united congt^ation aroond their ori- , ( A buiUUn^^itsorefitc'.^ whcrh though } atihvt thought to be lieynnd their re»jvr>emen*s, } amtelmosi beyond their means, was focsid ina.de fjualc, said stimulated fry the decre e: forming some iiiL'iiiorkd to their^-departed p-istcr, aud als*» bytthe desire of havhnr-onne more wortfe* hutMins: ; to dedicate to the service of God-tfom that in i •wi&rh; they had been a?jcu^t'une •ooe^cegation formed tfce- object of directing the . b^dlding which hud -now been so -«vTessfully carried out,. It was imoossiWc, in ifcjokuijx upon 1 ti«e past, not-to call to liund niarv"wiiohad liecn ; IrR-cd for their kiudiyvrirtue, Hiid-vaft". d for lilts • i services they had rendered to tise c~ic.se of the Cki-rch and mankind, ^.'ho had dropped out, so to s^alt, and who:-e lossiihcy dejdnroi, ^"hiie their Uiemory was cherished, ilut tirjy deplore Klhcir loss in looking sLuck upo-i the -pa>-t. they ^vold, in contempkusur. the prt^enD and iuiooking forward to the futurc; f<-el and see that t-iieir : pieces were hy v-atheis. and rthvy tru< ed : their places would tontiniic to be tilleit. ■as long as 0»>d had a work to done iu ti-.c world, in which ;iu»a mi^ht I eSp as a fellow •labourer. And whileirt micht seem iLard so^ay k, they must stili remembtrr tli«t t4ic iocs of those wUo had gone before.us was the pri*t tli y paut for the prrseiice of th^:e l»y whom tUey were sur ,*«sundea. Deatli and lift a:c necessardy'-comiecteu. j generation succec&a; anoiher, andYAiere was !-4nAy a place for the su^sedin^ eeneiaUc-ii because » tht founer one Uud rt>assed ;:sray._ .It hau lieen j often saiil, and said truly, that hut forties csrruin :] Ptancc that every jreeeMtlon was reip.i>vd:»~)y death, i tUsre would not he, even physically, snase enouftis ^ on the Mirfaee of the^arth f« >r iho^e tvho were b*rs into it; and, apart from this coijscdera'uui, tliai tl-.cre was a natural snecessitv for dot h, tueir It'il referred were s-rfter.ed hy the th'ajfdit. taat tii^ were n.»t dea l, hat only 4*p>ne before, t.ias tbey ciud v.ow entered iciconeof those rnas y mau si-iiisof Heaven which-ai! the teemuig iiiil^oni of eartu would never suOS^afD fill- The bui&iupoi; that Ksdificc was a syiuUdof union bei^en a body of i'hristians who woi-shipped tnepe; but it wAS£*ymbol also of and distmcuoas 60 to hy which they separated froi^e&lier; iKsdiee of L'hrisrhins. OTosl in the same wa? ns th« iu,Tteriai edifice them all together to a place of meeting or uriioa, so did t«ie «iwo fcfts»ieci faith in vrhiek concurtcd -ksia?r almost au intellectual uikcs. in support m:iia *btut»!is they recognitad. and the part! form :in which they hel«l Just a* hutidiin^ cTLt them o*V from fci:e external world, -sy tlie profession of faith for their utiurv} was a ciafr.of distincLtOU ht:v/«x^i themselves auQ ot!«erhollios <»f <-hristiaus; while recopiusna? ;» the uupurUvsce of all bodsc< meetCoge.ih^: 4>n souieconimo^grouiKi, whichnone i of thcmcoul- iiiispvue and all wr.thl recojmise, it; was neeess&w; for Cliri^tians Jjwt tlicy mutt ^ rcmejiiber thai they could not and diu not claim j to possess &e; whole of the rrb*&« even to he ? al solutely r&'ir. on those p nuta f/2^ which they ; creeds nccessariiy had a relative 4ah&£, atid they must hear in juUs'i that diiiercut p*ofessio«s of i creeds drew aline of dis'inctieii oe those points j which every ow\ thought, would to^be of j comparatively mtportauce. jUxty siioii.a. i remember that wh;?e they possessed ine j-ignt — and erected that, bunding thai <;ofi might be worshipped in the form they helKve4i y* "e.Hl accordance with the-cpirit of the trutn—titvy sti.l i^co^nised that upo£ the face of Lhe common ca*th there might be ihnusands of r:5i»g:ious bedfes v.ho, though di^nng from tlieiu in mam points, were Mill cbmlren of a coriiinon lathe#-, believing in one < ihri>;r, and thot there was tlie I4s« sky ami free air above all; while t acre are , truths which perhaps not ail of them togvituer otid comprised, that there was Koinethiii? yet to sie doucfurtiicr than hod been karmvl or doue by any liody of Christians, or by all r«>aether. The Rev. C, \V. Evan, vmustci die church, said he asked to offer a few remark* just by way of introducing his brethren who hud kindly engaged to address the meeting. He must tab" the mpor tunsty of sayine that the completion that build ing and its occupation for worship was to him a source of great s .tisfaction and th:ui,»}uuic?^. He might say that the idea ot erecting a pubkc builn ing of this natme in memory of Mr. Mow origi nated with himself. Tor some time before Mr. Stow'ts dea*li the qucs ion of erecting another sanctuary for the cniigxfgation wor.ddpping at Freeman-street was mooted and discussed. Mr. j^tow himself e-presr.ing a hope that lie should see it a'jcomplishetl When the friend* at North , Adelaide erected their spaeiau*. and perhaps he should snv bcuitiful c 1:urc'i—{Hear, hear, from the Rev. Mr. .T^ileri ) -it was certainly beautiful within, and he hoped it would some day be beautiful without—Mr. Stow expressed a hope that it would more the friends at Kreeman- Mreet, and told one of their old friends that he would have to help build a church that would cost- £lu,INK). Mr Stow was taken away, and the people reap zed mure than they had done before the amount • f their obliga tion to him for his long ami beloved services. | It appeared then «-&» the time to rise | end bu'ld a momrTl*! church. There was a I prevailing feeling that some memorial should \ VC it wa» prop^C-J thilt ? public monument shouM i»c erected in some prominent < part of the city. But that many of ilium dirt not Bvmpatliise thinking it would liarihj iieeord with his iifeiuidlaboursiis a minister of Olmst; and < it w as thought a more titling monument would be a > church, where his congregation could worship, i and where the work to which lie had devoted ,« his life eouM l»e carii the dav of the faaevai he (Mr. fcvan) suggested . ; this to uric or two, wlif) fu'iy sympathized j with him, and hs called a meeting, when it. waa j1 formally resolve! to attempt what had now been * ticcomp islicd. He could not s:i> ho looked luck upon ili.it meeting with unfiling ed satisfaction. The budding was then ccnteiapiaied to cost oue half what it had done, and the tesult had been that the (ir. t suliscriptions given had been lu many cases since doub cd, and in some more, hut if they had bcinsn on a larger scale they vroul<. have made mcie oroKiess. They had exceeded what they con templated, an.l the cost of the molding wasalreaily tn excess of the gland sum of £U).(lliO. mentioned by Mr. Stovr, and if it was to be a-bnnei with a lliej fii;u rcucivwu «•»-» — V j Churches, h ough not more than they had hoped to receive. Their best friend out or the celoyn had been the Ilev. Thos. liiuney—(Hear) who at meat personal trouble collected and for warded to them a noble sum. From Tasmania tliey received one contribution of £100. from New South Wales they had one or two small sub Serintious, in addition to a noble subscuption from the ladies of Fitt-slraet for their bazaar, iiom their neighbours in Victoria they received nothing until they received the tlev. Mr. Henderson. (Cheers.) On the principle, he supposed, that if Victoria did anything, it must do something meat. the cost, as was expected-and as it was ng.it it should-devolved upon their own people, ihe heavy balance which would appear against them would have been greatly reduced, but for tlic com mercial depression which had existed, itven the ladies, with all their energy, and de vices, had been very much baffled, ana he must express bis admiration of the zeal and dev-tiou which the ladies had DianiiesiCii, and in practical effect ?,s it v/as in appearance. As to the sraccm! and pleasiug character *f the buiiiiiug he hai nut heard two opinion?, and so far as he was «ih!e to judge, the acoustic properties were, for a huildiug of that *iz3, very favourable; and that wiiea he got acquainted with it, he should be able to send sounds through every part of it. (Hear, hear.) He had been several tunes warned by his brethren that he would be done for vrhpn he got into the new building. But he could say he had as little personal motive in this movement as in_ any he had ever been engaged in. He felt it was a work tliat oucht to be dons, and that if his physical ; strength shouid prove unequal to the new circum stances, oUier.i would be tur.iul to do the work. Some Mentis had found great faud that they liad reum:d the pulpit, lie thought huiveyct. the pulpit was :i necessity of that style of building, and he must confess ha liked it too. He liked to be shut in, and wliat to bis friend M r.llciii.t. rson was A. sense 01 oppression, gava- to turn a sense ot securi*y. doubt the tact of the pulpit being fixed in front of the platform ^asaii inconvenience for public meeting, but they would be able to remedy that defect, tie felt grateful to his mcIIucu in the ministrv, that whether Congregationalism, \Ycslevaus. Baptists, or Presbyterians, they had one ami all i cadily agreed brtakc whatever part in the services was requested of them. (Loud applause) _ . Air. Thoxas Graves, the Treasurer, ic.xd a statement alio wing the cost of the church with the towcT as it at present stood to be £10,91)0, towards which he had received donations in cash to the amount of £ri,«J-5, and there were some few promises yet to receive, say £100. They had borrowed £3/00 on mortgage, and so the balance he wanted independent of the mortgage to make Up the ainonnt was £1,77-5. Towards that they had some to their credit in the Bank, and there were tac whole of the proceeds of the services, i He should not be satisfied until he saw thegrounds enclosed by a u all and palisading, and then they Would uectt to Le plautcd, which together with the to-.vcr would requite about another £2,COO. lie . also state! that the old ciiapel, whicU it was | originally intended to sell, had been let Oil lease to Mr. Young as a schoolroom, at £15'J a year, whereby they secured the advan tage of using _ it roc the Sunday-school, which otherwise would have had to be provided for at great tspenva. Mr. Graves also stated that the inciubsr, of the Committee who had. had the management of the work, could cot, it they had been building .for themselves, have done every thing they bad more economically than the ivor.-a r.e members of the Gownntiee had done. ^i'hif^ltev. Jas. Jeffebis, LL.B., stated t'kat j he occupied the place which would have lieen felled by tire iiev. G. Ma-ithorre but for domestic ; heteaveitectt. While being tailed, tiyoa 'to hear his testi-meny and oil'ei his pufehc tribute linn whose'ir.cmory was haiiowed mevery heart pieseut, he did aet think even the members of the congre gatioii-ef the Stow Menw-tssl Church wrote uiore indebted to Mr. ritow than the church which he was reorest. utative of. lie Was told «tksst Mr. Stow hall laboured for 10 long years to endeavour to establish a Chr'wtian c-MRtnuuiCy of fee Congce •gaKotial faith at Korth Adelaide. They all knew that he was su .eessfol see«T as the conaiueucetiieut wet concerned, and whea -he (Mr. - Jfifteris) was in Sidney, soon after Ms. Stow's dear b. he was toid i '-that it had been oue'ef his choicest consolations iu .! -feis dying hours vhsrsSod bad peprytted him to '! Giat woik. So be thought that Thomas Q iiotor, 'i Stow had a sccoBC-Mouioriai G'VttcU in the ci y. ■' He had intended 'that night to pay a graceful tribute to Mi - £van s church, utA to nave said ihsC it was the most becatitul in the city; but now hr would not—(iauglKei)—beean«e of that ungraci'-iis perhaps, lie wottM refer to ir. Alexander liay, who said a shofi'-time ago, afirr having seea all tl«s new chure lies«: i-ondon, tiwu. iu point of beet!?" there was aoireeiiutl to -his at rv orth Adiiy ts-r. (Hear, liear.) f-bc resolutionhie had to move was— *'Thafc tbis.iacetiiigwiM.'I'ddevouily aclmowlodK; the mcasu?e">f Giv.ne blesfdng vouchsafed tc tUe labours i;ev. T. t£. Sto-.v in tfee year 1857, ami wnjuld uariiestiy prey^- that its coaipation of this meiajrtal sar.cluary^r.aV be tbe-tueeiis of enlarging•its-ttse f ul :ie---s r in 11 -ffi vancmg tised n le res ts of oureonnnun He'isatciV^5,a,se,i the d building in wiiidi they hsri been 'worshipping-v.ith no ligh's in et, and Imk'ngios^f ■ its trine vee passed. The Itaie'iiaa cot'C vrhrx it.was osufal. both on avcoonS of Mr. St>?v/>smsaiory and iatae interests of tb&coogrc; [Sttton, tietc they sh«jV. arise aud build, and tliey don-, so. 'iiiey Ike; raised an edifice tlial was uoetidofK _... - , . oft osiy cosily, bar k was undoulitedjy a very PeaEt&i; niie; -and if - said auytlnag.cgrainst the ISotlrie wiyie wfico. jiijs question respecEug Uieir builitesr was first Boeuted, he was bsvt ready t-o; petnicii ar-modify it. iHis chief fear wes that the i eicoE^ta; properties-.ip juld lie deficient, aud he; coal-.V-.-'jint to ina'^sociiurches of the«saje style in; lite city where tliey-WKire lameutaWyso. There was! a goti deal m siie 6tyle tlia: was ^appropriate; fanhiildiiig intendoi for worsliip; bffii after ail he: conJe -sci iieiikedtfta interior of >.is*owii clmrol!. Itefter. ( Lauglrter.; He took Mr. 14et>dersou over: at-tbrx day. an.l'sae wjuldailow liiia4o-jpeak. Tire i«c. gei'.tlnuun exceeded to reiaari; upon the, cvidruces of pre^esc of a Clirlsfiaa fiiharcib which. oiBcrslcJ not untrtiP- in itnposiog-'oorifregajioiis.: ■or ercn in tl;s iication of its-taeiuhers, aai l| ' said lie lieiievethSre u wiiat iie had been told that' ■ there had never hem an era in tha^sast in wbieb, ' -tlhi-nrosperuy ef ihr Oiiurcii who«-et3 to worshif | dfii^hat li'iildiugnlicri been giea&et; tiiau at tires, -. present tir;a'. iJfc.nost fervemiy bsa.cd sucli-was, L iiv- ease. He toe_.tt J fliSsrded by tlie new sanctuary wocld be tlie meane; { of largely iaoreais'UT tile usefulaess-.aud that tlxa; i inb rests of comiiwsi Gnristiauity iniglit be ad-: ?-£»n ed by it. /There was a great deal too; j tmicli schism .aaaoitgst Ghristiacit .each crying: •" net for their . tract particular " 'iam, but lie } hec-ed that wwald ,-aot be ihe naee liere, but ! that a broad aud cuttpreheusive .view of tile, truth cmk-M alwavs lie aaiau-.taiiied, aud that the teachings «f ilitir denarte.! brother Mr. alucli he-so' life'ifully luaiiiiaindd iuring his life,.wonld be here rsueatantly vxpresaed. (Appbuisc). /£iie Tev. JoKS bbHOSEB seeondai the reso hav.'H. lie, iu cotmt au with otbej-y had coiue these that eveiiiugb&e; express hisettaj-ratulatioiiB OE-ihe aceo'.i piisiuacEt of the work which had. Iwocciit them [ogctbs-. There had .been in the ecw: ion of that. cUuaci>the grateful rwxembrance ,/ ^ e wiio had passed away, and he thought the bu&iing; well adapted it' subserve the £>eat object torsfeicli it hud iiee:i.e-rccred. fie ltei-i that the prosperity of a Gh.urch.fihi not consist iu the fact of the pews being let,/.s- that the sittings fro;n S-ih'.s'.htoSibbaULwer&r.gularlyoecupieii.Tlicyre; quir«.i-- oiiietliingberoaiiuis.llebelieve'litieg was fciituinlly preached.it.{j'reemaa- street by bin', whicu ,had now entered np;3u bis rest. jK might kappeu that some lueuiLers of a church would som-'tinies rise up with p./teal overmuch Tliey might ta-y to tlie dtacouas'- their fcllow-iiKinliers " see my zeal," wlieu ic.y-eght be pcrhgf s i u possible to ree it, and as ,£ consequence those persons.s ouid go forth as they supposed tc find some more congenial aLinospfere. Mow it was one of the blessings of Giirisiiatity tliat they .cjuld afioru to kok at the depaidisit silia :o*s of sveh, and say " oeace be with yon.'' He held that it was one of'vie signs of prosperikverf a church when I some were d.rpo^ed to go out c. aire midst of '! Xli's ciiurcfcm time past had to bis mini always had that decided sign. What woydi have become of High-street iien>ington—the first, he believed, ; bib it a»jer j'letnian- slicct—if it hod not beeu for » F-eeinar.-strecti Of course it would have been im viiere. IVhatvcii'.OdhavebecoincoftilafionGhapel? I. would have been nowhere. Where would Kiis-imarsli-siTuani have been had it imi bceu for Fit- man-Street: it would have beeu nowhere. As£ more reraaitable still, where would the llapuvtChurch have been but for Freeiuac-street! It would have licea nowhere. (Applause.) Ch it - , ... where would that liule one at iinidmareb iiave j, . j;, and niauv more? Tfowhei'C. Soiue tiines wanderers itrora Fracmau-street went t" Giiahucre Church. Thev would sit there and associate for some roonihs or years, but the Kortlicrn atmosphere appeared too keen for tlicm. They remain"*! a few months, and after that lie never saw them attain, and lie felt it a relief he could assure riicrn. (A laugh ) He could hear testimony to the readiness o. the Freeman-street congregation ever to contribute towards the support of missions at home and abroad, ami he trusted in its future it would go on even more prosperously. He trusted Mr. Kvan might lie speedily restored to vigorous health and bodily strength—for tltere was no ii'ti-llectual weakness—and that if not; the bodily weakness iirght he overruled, and that lie might he even more successful in his Master's work. The resolution was carried unanimous'v. The Itcv. A. A!. Hendeuson was received with applause. He sail he felt rather a difficulty in speaking that evening, as he hod already trespassed so much upon them, aud hardly lik d to occupy Llic principal part of the meeting. He wished to express his great pleasure ill being present at a meeting of that kind, and its attendant services,' and cf seeing the work brought to a delightful consummation, from friends of his who had visited douth Australia he had heard reports in variably in their favour as a st.ady community, in which there was more real solid life than in the hurry of his own colony, and much cf a religions life and tendency to religious things. He had seen some of this daring his shoit stay, and also witnessed one of the most peculiar cliar actori-.tics of their cry, and certainly, within 6uch limits, he had never seen so many beautiful churches finished of such a costly character as in Adelaide, lilesr.) He was not going to fight lire battle of the styles and to define which he thought best, but the church they contemplated erecting in Melbourne was not in the Uo'.hicor Italian stylo, rarlier Uolhie. Tlicyin but rather more intheearli ... tended to have i! >n it* interior more like a thcat.ie titan & vfauu'tb lie copridared (hat the dgvil was one of the most sensible and sagacious beings, and architecture had engaged liis attention fur a considerable time, as was i seen by the inside of a theatre, aud the con venience manifested for the eonifoit of players, whose throa.s never get out of order; and as many as 5.000 persons might hear a whiBper in a theatre, while in some small eliapel, holding about 4 m persons, the preacher coul.l scarcely be heard, 'i'liey therefore thought that the style of the theatre W -llld be the best a-Japled for the purposes of ! worship. The pulpit v.os ulways too constrained J for him, although iu that building it was adapted t to the style in which it was erected, lie luust, I liowevcr, say that tiiat church was one of the, ii ' nr.t the most bcauli'ul structures of its character ■ upon which he had ever looked. (Hear.) He felt veiy thaukful to their respected pastor for Lis J kindness, lie had heard luui iu Imudou himself, aud also Mr. Biuuey's opinion, that he was one of the moEt accomplished men aud speakers he had ever heard. He would, however, try aud turn his attention to another subject that evening. There iiad been something said in the sermon on Sunday afternoon which had int.rested bun, aud he had noticed that it had been also referred to by Mr. Evan on Friday evening. The present was a period ia which many fancied there was danger of the truth of Christianity being diverted from its current by the streams of Rationalism and Ritualism, connected with infidelity aud super stition. The sceptic and the superstitious worked altogether in the same community. Although Ritualism was beginning to show its head, was there any change in the aciual condition of tilings? They knew where the seed was; where they had a titat.-supported Church, the Chuiclv relying upon the arm of flesh for its sustenance. It was now aflccting England, and through her their com munity. Hooking upon lhe Anglican Church—lie spoke without harshness—they saw Ritualism in two foiws.einbeuded in it. Mo new deielopuicnt; the whole'thing a manifestation oi the principles that liadjain hidden iu the lirst act of the Cuurch, that the child was subjected to every mouth at the communion. With regard to scepticism, tiiey all knew how much there lay in the heart of man something which would rise up in rebellion against truth. In the floating science of the present day, distilled from innumerable pap rs throughout England, there was continually coming into opera tion something aiming to discover wrong in the Holy Hook, that it might be rejected. Contem plating those things side by side, they saw bo w the man of superstition drove the other into scep ticism; while, ou the other hand, multitudes rushed from that scepticism to Borne itself to liud some rest there for their weaiieti souls. But was there anything to dread in that movement? He thought not. As one connected with the educa tion of young men he had investigated tiiose things, examined into them, and refuted them, and he did not fear them. There was alway s side by side with thein developments of another order! At the time of Heury VTIL, when that strange man would burn a i'uritan to day and hang a Papist the next, some holy men •y there was a retrogression towards Romanism. In the revision of the liturgy the upholding of the real presence of the i.ord in the sacrament laid the foundation ior what at present existed. The t'uiitans then rose into strength. although the Star Chamber aud the Inquisition fined mea iidO per month for not attend ing seivice in the parisn churches, rendering it a matter of as much diflicuhy to practice pure lcligiun there as it weald have b.-eu iu the city of Rome itself. Hut the Puritans grew still, until James L came to reign, and then he took pre cisely-a similar course—"to harry them out of the land." He to a certain extent succeeded, hut how glorious was the result. 'J hey found an asylum iu Jloiiand from Protestant Popery, and a vessel afterwards left England with anstlier party, who founded the colony of JNewr England. The piiu ciple winch led tiiem there was, that they might have freedom to worship Cod, ani with their lives consecrate themselves to the service of Jehovah. At that time the lirst attempt to pro pagate Rationalism took place in Tail, and it was followed by other works ou the subject by Hobbs. Just, however, at the time the lirst principle of missionary entciprisc began to work, and the lirst missionary, iu the person of George Elliot, went foith amongst the Mohicans and other Indian tribes from the settlement of Virginia in America. There remained the fact that Ritualism drove these men out of the laud, and that missionary work sprung into existence at the same t me that nationalism commenced in England. What existed at prescut? Why, the fact remained that the promoters of infidelity and Ea tionaUsm hardly dared to speak out, wiiile the glorious working of their missiouary societies were exemplified by hundreds of thousands of converts. In the resolution that had been spoken "to that night a retrospect had been taken, and, iu looking back to 12 months ago, when he com menced a work in the City of Melbourne, he was led to look forward now to the time wheu he contemplated opening * church larger than the one they then met in. The question of spiritual prosperity was u deeply touching one to hitn. .lie thought of the wondroas iuluie laid before tnat Church, audthc woU-'bctng of the youug came up ; before hiiu, and in whom he took a great interest. ] If he nail « desire stranger than any other, it was j thus heuceght see yoang souls wou to the Lord Je.-us CurisL < Applause..) Lie wished to say a few words especially lotlrem. Their Chairman had reminded tlnau pass «way toJeaw room for another. When any ouess«l to him, '* Well, I hops my son w ill make a better -man• tiirn his father," he heartily echoed the wnitimeut. 'their advantages were infinitely grsoster tnun those of their fathers, who hal ueme cut :c tlie early days of the coiouy, nod liad -undergone trial and difficulty to gwepare -the iaad for their hab tatiou. They had snore opportunities to dedicate their heaits to God, \- *ud to tests advantage of the lilessiugs bestowed :j upon then!, than those who had gone before them. | iie knswris was a liard matter to divert the young ; from theiyursuii cf pleasure and get them to put on old leitas and old heaits, hut wouid they have !au olddrcad remain youug they must begin to put ! it uii at suce in the early period of their life. Iu the -eosEse of 215 yeats as a minister of the Gospel he had seen not a few who, having refused, to take ibis rcspoasildiity upon tlieui in easiy life had become mete wrecks and ruins of ■isiau. Us saw an instance of it iu the streets oi Aiel-afuriie asliuit lime ago. While, on the oiher side, @10 had seen aged disciples, on the ver^e of !l", ■witii oeans as young and fresh as ever they wore. •Tfa*r had had trials as ether people; but. they .possessed that priucixile within which preserved tksir sou's, and which made tlteni, while sinking nato wliat others w«uW. i» decrepitude ami decay, stlil lively, vigorous, and possessed of lywstiifuL toycusuess. Contrast tliis with the -werldiiigj's pursuit cf j-k-asure, and his vaiu inggiets when life was nearly over. It was that that cKtused 'ilroi nas Moore, a gieet hardly surpassed by •aatmysoii himself, to ehr-t— "This world is hater fleeting show, For man's illusion given; She smiles of joy, tike tears of woe Deceitful sUnug dacewful flaw— Tlitre's nothing true but heaven." ;'7Thu<5 sung Moore, and liyren also indulged in the i'.same strain upon iris- Sited birthday, it was this '. whu fl led the- Frcadmr to exclaim "Vanity of I; Taui aes, all is vanity." And such was the feeling of ::hevei.>" loan who had .tried the pleasures cf -the rorld, and found abeea wanting. Let them -i; yiel.chciuselvcs unto God, and seek that for i wlii rhllicy weic creamd. Vtfaen lie thought of that . j futi re which lav Itefuve tlkcui— that blighter day -.1 fur 'be Christian Church-he locked down the ; j -vista, of time, and sew thousands of the people ; Vfilh: g that laud with noble deeds, and leading ■i souls to eternal felicity—that was what, iu his ,1 idea, constituted the prosperity of the Church. .^-(Applause.) There was -one word ill Scripture, l'j which in the infinitude of its meaning, defined . t the prosperity of tise Cnristian Cliurch; it was 1; "salvation." Science am! other studies were all very > well in a subordinate postiiau, hut tile salvation of i ;. souls should be the grand aim of life. He had yniten tried to give expression to the thought, ■ i "saved from death," as .viewed in the language of :,j;-.he Apostle James. He bed tried to think of what hi hat death meant.; hut he could hot. it was jcheyond liis thouglrt—the death of damnation, ' jti auishment from the presence of the 1-ord and the 1 j iory of His power. To think of the wondrous ' jdUcuIties God had given to .lean having to endure j.iiiat! If it were possible to. collect all the anguish rtiat ita«l tormented litusanity from the time ,'jausted. and still it must endure. Then, oil ihe ■other hand, if ic were possible to concentrate all tb-e joy and bliss that mankind had ever kuru'u, and deal it cut iu abundant floods goodness to one single soul, when till iirzE, that the salvation of souls was not pursued withike deepest earnestness. When his time on earth was over, and he was laid in the grave, he wouiti rather than anytiring else have carved on the rudest-ctone laid over him by the hand of gratitude the words, "He sared a soul from death.'* That was a dot- which every man aud woman could obtain, and it would be the greatest joy in heaven. As his last word to them he would say they re maiced tsere to live and act; he went to another place to live and act:but might they all meet again, if not below, at God's bar in joy. Applause.) Att antlsem was then given by the choir. The Kcv. Jam us Maugham; moved " That the thanks of this meeting he presented to the ladies for their khviness in providing the tea, to His Honor the Chief Justice for presiding, and to the choir for their auiieient services during the whole proceedings." The liev. Vf. Sabcus secondel the motion, which was carried item, con The ChaIRMax returned thanks on behalf of the rid es, choir, ana himself, and the doxology hiving been sung, the benediction was pronounced and the meeting close d. Several pieces of music were sung by the choir during the cveni g. Tiw total amount rcidiW by the whole of the services, including a sale of articles held by the holies in While's iloom on Tuesday before the tea, was ahottt i.'3;'0. 