OF GROWIN'G UP. A BOY'S ADVICE TO BOYS. I am aware that to some boys who read the thought of being still a boy will be far from pleasant. They wish to become men all at once. They have grown tired of school, impatient of wholesome restraint. They fre quently get into scrapes. but do not like to be punished for their misdoings. " If we were men," say they, "we could not be compelled to go to school; we might please ourselves, and should have no more floggings. In fact, it's ever so much jollier to be a man I" I cannot saree with them. 'I hey appear to forget that they would have to become pupils in a school a thousand times more severe than than that of l)r. Birchall's or Professor Cram ham's, where the prizes are many and great, and where the punishments are in proportion to the rewards. There is the School of Life. Jack Ilighfly, an acquaintance of mine, of abhout my own age, lately made up his mind that he would take time by the forelock, and in:mediately set up for a "man." This pre cocious young gentleman scorned the idea of being a boy, and so cut mnarbles, and tops, and kites, and hoops, and prisoner's base, and and all that sort of thing, whbih we boys like so much, and absented himself, as far as he could, from our society. Not that we in the least regretted this, for he was always very "priggish," and affectad a patronLoing manner very distasteful to us. So Jack Hlighfly set up for a man, and therewith his claima to respect as such. If we accosted him as "Jack,'" "Johnny," or "John," withering indeed did he intend the answering look of anger and contempt to be; "' Highly" was just endurable; but did some timid little nine-year-old greet him as "Mister Ilighfly," lie was imnmediately the very incar nation of affiability and condescension. T'hcn to increase the in pressiveness of his outward appearance, Jack had recourse to his tailor, who decked out his willing customer in the most extravagant extreme of the fashion; trou Fers tightly grasping the somewhat spidery legs-coat very full and extensive about the collar, and waistcoat after the same elegant cut. On his head he always wore that most dignified of hats, which he vulgar boys call "chimney-pct." In his right hand he Ubre a cane, which lie twirled, or stuck under his arm, or, in moments of contemplation, held up to his lips, but which he never could have used in the way such things were once in tended to be used, the article being a little mnore than a foot in length. lie screwed up his face into a most tortuous expression, so that he might keep up in its place (?) an eye glass. And how sternly conscious he weas of the advent of a few early sprouts on his downy chin I I-e simulated moments of per plexity, that he might with proptiety stroke and fondle those harbingers of longed-for manaihood. Ile also thought it desirable to Leeome one of a set of brainless "man-boys" like himself, and that clique became at once his delight and misery. " Emoke, old fellow ?" asked a member of this brilliant fraternity of Jack, as he opened his cigarcase, and lit a "Cuba." "', o, J don't-haven't made a beginning yet," replied Jack, blushing to acknowledge what appeared to him such a shameful fact. " No ?" exclaimed the other, taking the cigar from his mouth, and with great diffi eulty suppressing a cough, "~'ou don't say " My people at hone are awfully particular .about these things," was Jack's oucful apo logy. "Well, never anind, old chap-try one now. Every man should smoke, you know." "-Jack took one, and began sucking at it in a helpless sort of way, and the expression ot his face was the reverse of joylul. " Is the old boy testy ?" presently asked Jack's companion. "" The old boy ?" echoed Jack. " Don't you understand?--the governor ? Does he hold the reins tight ?" "" Oh, the guym-my lather's dead." And even the hare-brained Jeck was sorry he had to mention that sad fact in such a manner. " Beg pardon; 1 didn't know, of course," rejoined the other. '" But, then, who is so particular, as you said?" L' Well, it's my 'mother. She'll be awfully cross if she know's I'm smoking." "Pshaw ! your mother! you don't mean to say that you care for what your mother says ?" laughed Jack's new counsel'er. Jack felt it necessary again to apologise for having had some respect for his mother, by muttering something about "not wishing to have arty rows in the house." " Of course-ot course," said his compa nion; "it's just as well to hnmour the old ladies as far as you conveniently can; but I woullt never give up any rational enjoyments to suit their foolish fancies." Just then, poor Jack, who all this time had been pulling very hard at this his first cigar, began to feel that he would do everything and anything in the world to lid himself of one of these said "rational enjoyments." In short, he was getting qualmish. "In le.t," continued the Oracle, "they're all very well for managing the girls, but they don't understand us fllahs, you know." Jack made a silent acquiesence. lie Celt dizzy and sick. The Oracle found that he would have to be come the main prop of lithe conversetion. lie was nothing loath. lie was a wii.ing Oracle. After some "knoning" remarks on things in gencral, lie asked, " Iecn to the Royal ?" naming a\\\lest End theatre. A mournful shake of the head was the only reply. " Been to any theatre ?" Another shake. The ,racle grinned, and coughed out some of the smoke which had gone into his throat " Come, that's a good one ! Not been to a theatre ! But I suppose your mannmm wouldn't let you. a ! ha I" Here a gleam of hope lit up the face of our sufferer, as he observed that his cigar was about half burnt. lie knew he might now throw it away. Accort:ingly lie did so. 7hat was a relief, but the queer feeling did not likewise vanish. " Good cigar, eh ? remarked the other. " Capital, capital I' exclaimed Jack, forc ing the ghost of a smile to his countenance. Sle could not contain his agony much longer; he must go. " Good- bye," said he, " I'd better run home cow, or I shall be late for dinner.' " Good.bye," answered the Oracle; "but you must come with me to-night at the lHoya there is a splendid play to be per formed." "But-but," stammered poor Jack, "I don't think my -" he was going to say " mother," but he stopped short, dreading t" e sarcasm of his Oracle. "Mlammy again, I do believe," said that gentleman. "Come, I thought you were alsore that sort of thing. Do be a nman, and meet nie at Charing Cross at half-past five. Till then, good-bye." Jack staggered rather than walked home; and, arrived there, he had to forego his dinner and lie down. How miserable as well as ill, (lid he feel I In an hour's tim,, he would have to fulfil his reluctant promise, and present himself at Charing Cross. And not only that, but he would have to grieve his mother still more than he had already done in beginning, boy as he wa-, after all, to smoke. His mother had not long been a widow, and he was her only child. She had none to look to but him, save, indeed, that Friend who is a God to the widow, and would be a Father to the fatherless. And that son, who should have been a comfort to her in her sorrow, was becoming the source of still greater trouble. The tinme came, and Jack issued from hiz room, looking pale and miserable. Fearing to tell his mother where he was going lie quietly slipped out, leaving word with old James that he would be home rather late. lie found his companion at Charing Cross, and they at once set off to the theatre. Bewildered by the gorgeous appearance of the show, and the novelty of the s-ence, Jack for a time forgot his qualm', both mental and bodily, and was in an ecatacy of wo.der I and de;ight. His admiration of the clever. ness of the "hero " of the piece was un. I bounded-indeed he thought it would be a o very fine thing for him at he was such a e clever fellow, and could perform such deeds r of daring ; although to be sure, some of his actions were somewhat unprincipled. The performance over, he was starting off home, when the Oracle said he must insist on hating his company with him to supper at the " Lion 'lavern." After making a feeble excuse, Jack yielded; and excited as he was by the unwonted and unhealthy scenes he had I just witnessed, he drank as often as his comn panion chose, and soon unwittingly became I helpless and intoxicated. The Oracle called I this " seeing life !" As soon as he perceived 1 his victim's condition, he called a cab, and tumbling Jack into it head over heels, or- I dered him to be driven home. I cannot attempt to describe the distress t and angui-h of his mother, as her unhappy t son was dragged out of the cab and carrie.t up-stairs. 1 know that all that night she hatched at her son's bedside, and prayed to God that lie would change the heart of the child who was still so dear to her. In the morning she bent over him as he woke; but he made no sign of reco2nition, and cited out for "water, water I" Alarmed, i site sent for a doctor, who, as soon as he ' canse, said, " He is in a fever." Yes; the reward of disobedience and guilty pleasure had quickly comne. The illness, though sharp, was not a protracted one, and while he was regaining hiis strength, poor Jack had amniple time in which to review the past. lie saw that instead of bIeing a "man." he had been making a fool of himself; he had wor-hipped and copied the weaknesses of manhood; and in aping manliness he had become as unmanly as possible. lie blushed at the thought of how rediculous he must have appeared il.the eyes of sensible people; I t.e resolved to be himself once mnore, and cut the acquaintance of the "set." "\With God's help," said be, " I mean in future to be a dutiflul son to my mother, and not listen to the senseless sneers of Bounce and Buck. I After all, mny dear mother is the best friend i 1 have in the world." Jack--he doesn't mind being called Jack now-is able occasionally to take a short 'alk, and just now I met him in thie street, i when he told mte all I have beenr telling you. lls face ws nu, longer saresed round an eye-glass, and his "' Cane" had given place to a stout blackthorn, which for the time he I needed. "Ah, Harry, lad l" said he, "I have thrown aside that miserable switch with the t rest of the senseless fopperies of whic, I used i to be so fund. Trouble soon proves the worthlessness of such things." " My dear Jack," I exclaimed, "you are more of a man now than ever you were." B.ys, have I any need to gather for you the Uoral ofII this hlittle ancdote? It is: Do I not attempt to be msen befese your time. * Growing up " is a process not to be hurried. If " time and tide wait for no mant" neither for h'm will they increase their pace. The root of this ambition is conceit; but be:r thi. in mind, that the more you assume to yourself, the less you will be thought of by those whose good opinion is worth having. Mlanhood can never be attained at the ex ptn-e of boyitmed. Toe one a!,nuld g.ide na tutally into tthe other. Ren:ember, too, that there is tht growlth of the mind. Tlhi-, to a great extent, depends, ulan youtrselfi Your mentl faculties are ttalents with which the Great ?alst. r has intrusted you. D. nout nr :leet them. The as teulties require cultiva tion and exercise that thter may be properly matured. Now is the time tr it. There is the gro.wth of tte soul: oe to ya it you ne glect it! It i yoours to irepareare r eternity; the sul n ast "grow in grace, end in tie ktlowltlege of our Lord and Saviour." Now is the time for TEAT.-7h e Quirer. 