L'HE BISHOP Oh' SALISBURY REPROVING " S.G.O." Tub Bishop of Salisbury has addressed the following letter to the Rev. Lord S. Osborne : — " Penmaett Mawr, Conway, Nov. 3, lSGfi. " My dear Lord, — I read yesterday afternoon, in the Time. v of last. Wednesday, a letter with your well-known initials, and headed ' Priests and Priests.' After reading it very carefully, I cannot doubt that a large body of my clergy and I arc iu part tho objects of your remarks, and though if is my rule not to take any public notice of any statements which concern me personally, my sense ot what is due from me to the Church of England, and to my own diocese in particular, forces me to make an exception to my rule in the case of an attack so made upon many of my clergy ami me by one of our brethren. Your letter raises such questions as the follow- ing : — Whether the training for holy orders is what it ought to be ? Whether the requirements in my diocese for admission to holy orders are sufficiently stringent ? Whether it is not too patent thnt the clergy of the diocese are men of liko passions with their lay brethren ? Whether their endowments are too largo, and tend to substitute worldly for higher motives ; Whether the clergy should be subject to a stricter discipline ? Whether they should he more withdrawn from other interests than those immediately connecteb with the cure of souls, such as civil, political, social, or domestic intor- asts ? And whether the exercise of any powers committed to them at. their ordination should lie placed under more distinct restraint ? I admit, of course, that such questions may he most pro perly raised, and may be discussed in a fair, candid, earnest, devout atul reverent spirit. But L deny that such questions can affect t.he meaning of those words with which you and I received our commission to enter upon the office and to do tho work of piiests iu the Church of God, and which are, I would remind you, as follow : — ' Receive the Holy Ghost for the office and work of a priest in the Church of God, now committed unto thee hy the imposition of our hands. Whoso sins thou dost forgive they nre forgiven ; and whose sins thou dost retain they are retained. And be thou a faithful dispenser of tho Word of God and of His holy sacraments ; in the name of the Father, and of the Son, and of tho Holy Ghost. Amen.' I repudiate the insinuation that niy clergy do, as a body, subordinate tho special functions of their high office to tho acquisition of any mere accomplishments, however . innocent, and tho over indulgence of any natural tastes, however simple. I assert, as in God's sight, my conviction that my clergy as a body ' are not. merely excellent fellows, with their families making a great part of the stuple of the pleasant social life of their respective localities, and as such more or less respected ;' hut do hy their lives show that they ever ' have in remembrance into how high a dignity and to how weighty an office and charge they are called — that is to say, to be messengers, watchmen, and stewards of the Lord ; to teach, and to protnonish, to feed ami provide for the Lord's family ; to seek for Christ's sheep that are dispersed abroad, and fur His children who aro in tho midst of this naughty world, that they may be saved through Christ for ever ;' and that a large number of tliem are by their poverty disqualified from taking to them selves part of your disparaging, not to say con temptuous, remarks. " I feel it to be my duty to tell you that, in the judgment of your bisiiop, your statement is, both in its letter and in its spirit, ungenerous, undutiful, inaccurate, and very unworthy of one who has promised ' to maintain and set forwnrds as much as lieth in liim, quietness, peace, and love among all Christian people.' I must also add that, although you do not, I am sure, intend to do so, you cut away in your letter no small portion of the ground on which the Church 'of England rests her protest against the exclusive claims of the Church of Rome ; and that so a possible effect of your letter may be to disaffect many thoughtful and still attached members of the Church, who have rightly believed that as the Church of Eng land requires her bishops, when they admit deacons to the order of priesthood, to U3e those momentous words of which I have already re minded you, she justifies those who have been so ordained in believing that they have had com mitted to them the same powers which tho priests of the rest of the Catholic Church, both in the East and West, have ever claimed as their in heritance, and to whicli the literal and plain meaning of the word points. " One word about myself. I most solemnly declare that if, through a more accurate knowledge of my own past motives, or from any doublings about God's special providence and grace, I am ever forced to be content to trace back to ' good luck in my profession ' (as you say) my having been placed in my present high and responsible position in the Church of God, I shall without any delay seek to be relieved of duties which would then bo simply intolerable to any man who knows the value of words, has a belief in the judgment of a righteous God, and has a dread of bringing ruin upon his own soui, and possibly on that of others. " It would have cost rae much pain and anxiety to write such a letter as tho above to any of my clergy, but to write such a one to you is, I assure you, far worse ; for my heart is bound to you and yours by ties of gratitude for ministrations of loving-kindness at a season of great anxiety and then of mourning, which nothing that you can do can ever break and sunder; but I should be untrue to my deepest convictions, unfaithful to the al legiance due from mo to the Church of England, and not duly prompt to vindicate the honour of my own clergy, if I allowed your letter to pass without words from mo of earnest remonstrance, or even, I may say, of gravo rebuke. — I remain, my dear lord, yours faithfully, " W. Is.. bAittrxt. " 1 lie Rev. tlie Lord Sydney Godolplnti Osborne. The Lovers' Grave. — The following strange story, which would appear to be the result of imagination heightened hy reading Scott's " Bride of Laiiiinertnoor " and 1 lie old ballad of "The Mistletoe Bough," is going the round of the French journals : — " M. do R , having ac quired a fortune iu business, retired to a hand some property ho possessed near Fontaiuebleaii. Soon after, his daughter, Julie, twenty-one years of age, was asked in marriage by a gentleman in the neighbourhood, and, in spite of her opposition and avowed repugnance, the wedding took place. In the evening the bride was missed, and the re sult of the researches made was only to find that the groom's man, who had been a friend of the young lady's from infancy, hail likewise disap peared. The father, like everyone else, believed it an elopement, and all the usual meaii3 were employed to trace the fugitives, hut unsuceessfu'ly. This occurred five years ago, and M. de R having lately purchased some adjoining property, on which was a quarry long out of use, set some men to work, who found at t lie bottom of an obi excavation two skeletons, which from tho remains of the clotliers and jewels were recognised as the missing bride and her lover." Sydney Wool, Tallow, and Hides Mar kets. — The dullness which has for so vera I weeks past characterised the market for our chief staple still continues. Large quantities of wool are now stored in Sydney, and many parcels are held for limits which at present are not nearly obtainable, ami will have te he shipped on owners' account, unless a material reduction in price is conceded. The usual weekly sales were held on Thursday last, and were well attended ; hut there, was no disposition to purchase at anything like the re serves placed upon a large proportion of the clips catalogued. Wools offered for unreserved sale met with fair competition, and passed the hammer at fair prices, taking into consideration the present inactive state of the market. The catalogues comprised altogether 1710 bales, hut only 708 were solil, including many small lots and single bales. Messrs. Murt and Co. catalogued 1)20 ! bales, but sold only 285 hales, of which the prin cipal lots were as follow : — WP, 11 hales fleece, at 15;J !. ; Bland, 19 hales scoured, at 23.- 1. ; AA, 19 hales fleece, at 1 9jJ- 1. ; AN, 20 hales ditto, at 17d. ; McCrae, 10 hales in grease, at. S.-d.; TB conjoined over B, 20. fleece, at LS.'.d. ; CIl, 13 ditto, at 17d. ; and BE BO, 30 ditto, at lS;Jd. per lb. Air. 0. B. Ellsworth offered 100 liah-s, and sold 104, tlm principal lots being BO, 33 bales fleece, at lSjjtl. ; AO, 14 ditto, at 18.-d. ; Craven, 18 hales in grease, at 7d. ; and lVak Vale, 11 bales fleece, at 11 - 1. per lb. Messrs. Irwin and Turner's catalogue comprised 390 hales, of which 1-14 passed tho hammer. The only lots disposed of worth notice were — PC, 30 hales fleece, at 17d. ; PK, 14 at 17J. ; and II. Beard, 18 at ltP(-d. Mr. J. Graham oilered 10 bales, and sold G hales, skin woo, at TO'jil. per lb. Mr. II. It. Reid catalogued 72 bales, and sold 23 hales, comprising only insignificant lots. Messrs. Richardson and NVrenoh catalogued 14G bales, and sold all. The principal lots were — 0 in triangle, 25 hales fleece, at 17d. ; Catumbar, 8G Imles Git to at 5;fd. ; and H&J;, 10 ditto at 17-i-il. per lb. Sheepskins were in butter request, ami the supply being limited, there was more competition than lias lately besn the case. In consequence, we report prices about '(.l. per lb. higher than tho rates ruling last week. The usual weekly sales of tallow and hides were held on Friday at the respective produce stores ; and for both articles of produce, the improved prices noticed last week were fully maintained. Messrs. Mort and Co. offered 52 casks of tallow and sold 47, ut prices ranging from £,'33 5s. to £35 5s. per ton. The same firm also catalogued 500 hides and sold 424, at 5s. 9.1. to 8s. for inferior, B.s. 9d. to 9). for ordinary, and 12s. 4d. to 12s. 9.1, eaeii for fair quality heavy. Messrs. Irwin and Turner offered 83 casks of tallow, and clear ed their catalogue. Tho prices obtained ranged from 33s. 31. to 33s. 91. for ordinary, 34s. to 3 is. 9a. for good, and 35s. 3d. to 3G.s. per ewt. for prime beef and station qualities. Messrs. Irwin and Punter also catalogued 1403 hides, and sold 1300\. The principal lots wore — 258 ordinary -at 9s., 524 good at 12s. Id., 54 ditto at 12s. 91., 129 first-class heavy, at 13s. 5d., 41 ditto at 13s 9.1., and 77 ditto, at 13s. 3d. each. Mr. 0. B. Ebswerth sold 20 osks of beef tallow at £3-1 5s. per ton. Mr. J. Graham offered 5G casks of tallow, and sold 44 at £33 5s. to £3G 15s. for beef ; and £39 10s. to £40 per ton for mutton. 200 fair quality good hides sold for 12s. 7d. ; 139 lirst-class heavy for 13s. Gd. ; and 50 inferior from 8s. to Ss. 3d. each. Calfskins realised from 3s. to 4s. Id. each. Stock Reports. — Goulburn, February 1. — Messrs. P. Dignam and Co. report: — Fat, cattle : There is u good opening for a small mob of prime quality, the butchers not being heavily supplied. Those recently to hand have not been Al, and a prime draft would bo appreciated. Prices may bo qmted at from 15s. to 17s. Gil. per hundred. Fat sheep: The market is fully supplied, and several lots only awaiting an opening to lie brought to the yards. The effects of the glut in Sydney have been felt here, and prices have given way. On Monday we sold 29G wethers, a good lot hut uneven, to Cooper Brothers, at 10-. If any number are forced into the market a further reduction must ensue. Horses: Since our last we have sold II head nt from 17s. to £5 17s Gd. Prices still rule lo.v for all classes, hut weeds will hardly pay for driving. Messrs. Finlay and Co. report : — Fat stock : We have sold a draft of cattle, on account of Messrs. McCarthy Brothers — 1st yard, bullocks, £4 lGs. ; 2nd yard, bullocks, £4 7s. ; 3rd yard, cows, £3 15s.; 4th yard, cows, £3 15s. These were very good in condition, the larger, and more weighty cattle being, however, a little plain. There aro plenty of buyers for large drafts of ripe cattle, and wo quote prime at 17a. Gd. a hundred. Store cattle : We sold 131 head, ranging from one year old upwards, principally froui two to aged, at 31s. 3d. Good store cattle are readily bought up. We sold nnotlier draft of very good store (dairy cattle), 25 head, cows and steers, at £3 12s. Fat sheep : We sold a small flock at 10s. ; also 220 plain nt 9s. Gd. We have another flock under offer at 10s. Gd. Store sheep : We have sold a flock of store wethers, on account of T. Starr, Esq., Gunning, at 8s. Gd. ; also 80Q ewes, from tvyo to five, on account of J. W. Chisholm, Eiq., at lis. We have several inquiries for store wethers and ewes. ITorsns : Wo sold nhout thirty head, ranging from £4 Gs. downwards. Tho greatest difliniUv is experienced in selling weedy stock. Braidtcoud, February I. — Mr. II. Craig re ports: — Fat cattle: No sales to report this week. I quote prime at 17s. Gd. Fat sheep : Prime nre worth about 12s. Gd. Store cattle: There i3 very little chance of obtaining recent prices, owing to the scarcity of feed in the prin cipal paddocks around. Horses: Almost un saleable. I could dispose of twelve or fifteen, fit for the mounted police ; they must be 15.\ hands high at. least and show breeding. Store sheep. I have still many inquiries for young ewes. Syd ney, Fcbiuary 1. — Mr. G. M. Pitt reports: — . Fat. cattle : Considerable improvement lias tnken place in this market during the week, the numbers to hand being barely sufficient for the require ments of the trade; consequently, prices have advanced fully one- fifth. There is every pro spect of good prices being maintained for some time to come. I quote best quality of bullocks from £G to £7, cows in proportion. My sales have been 352 head of Sullivan's, at an average of £5 lis. 51. Fat sheep: This market has been fully supplied with very indifferent quality. Very few prime ; a large number to hand at present unsold, for which I anticipate very little over store price. I have no sales to report this week, in consequence ol the very low rates offering. — ll'ur/r/a I Fit qi/a, February 1. — In our local market, fat beasts rule from £5 10s. to £G 10-. ; and fat sheep, from 12s. to 13s. A calf, of four months old, fattened at Gumiy Gumly, near town, was killed hero last week. It weighed 3 cwt., and no less than 30 lbs. of fat were taken from tins kidneys. 