A PARABLE. WORN and footsore was the Prophet When he gained the holy hill; " God has left the earth," he murmured, "Here His presence lingers still. " God of all the other prophets, Wilt Thou speak with more no more? Have I not as truly served Those, As Thy chosen ones of yore 1 " flour in, order of my fathers, Co 1 in humble heart is mine By Thy mercy I beseech Thee, Grant Thy servant but a sign ?" Sowing then his head, he listened For an answer to his prayer ; No loud burst of thunder followed, Not a murmur stirred the air ; But the tuft of moss before him Opened while he waited yet, And, from out the rocks hard bosom, Sprang a tender violet. " God I I thank Thee," said the Prophet ; t " hard of heart and blind was I, Looking to the holy mountain For the gift of prophecy. "Still Thou spokes with Thy children Freely as In old sublime ; humbleness, and love, and patience, Still give empire over-time " And I trusted In my nature, ' And had faith In lowly things, Thou Thyself wouldst thou have sought me. And set free my spirit's wings. " But I looked for signs and wonders, ' That our men should give me away; Thirsting to be more than mortal, I was even less than play. " Ero I entered on my journey, As I girl my loins to start, Rim to me my little daughter, The beloved of my heart, " In her hand she hold a flower. like to this as like may be, Willoh, beside my very threshold, She had plucked and brought to me." JAMES RUSSELL, LOWELL. THE HUSBAND Ladies sometimes do not value their husbands as they ought. They sometimes loom the value of a good husband for the first time by the loss of him. Yet the husband is the very roof-tree of the house the corner stone of the edifice the key-stone , of the arch called home. He is the bread-winner of the family-way defence and its glory the beginning and ending of the golden chain, of life which surrounds it-its concolor, its lawgiver and its king. And yet we see how frail is that life upon which so much depends. How frail is the life of the husband and the father ! When he is taken away who shall fill his place ? When he is sick, what gloomy clouds hover over the house ! When he is dead, what dark ness, weeping, agony ! Thou poverty, like the murderous assassin, brooks in at the window -starvation, like a finished well, HOWIE at the door. Widowhood is too often an associate of sackcloth and ashes. Orphanhood too often means desolation and week-The Moralist. MAXIMS OF MoitALur.-It is on the nature of men and his various relations in society only that it can stand, but which is sufficiently able to support it. Lot BB then discard the reveries of impost sure and Asiatic mysteries, and listen to the dictates of nature. Let us be over attentive to the voice of truth, sober reason and experience. Be just, because equity is the support of the human Species. Be good, because goodness comments all hearts. Bo indulgent, booauBo, feeble thyself, their lives with beings OF feeble as thou art. Be gentle, because gentleness attracts affection. Be grateful, to couBO gratitude foods and nourishes benevolence. Be modest, because hmghlinoBS is disgusting to beings Biiiitloii with themselves. Forgive injuries, because revenge perpetuates hatred. Do good to him that in broth thee, in order to show thyself more noble than he is, and to make him thy friend. Be reserved, temperate and ghosts, because intemperance and exceed will destroy they being and render thee contemptible Bo a citizen, because thy country is necessary to the security, to the pleasure, and to thy happiness. So faithful, and submit to legitimate authority, because such are requisite to the maintenance of that society which is necessary to thyself. Be obedient to the laws, because they are the expression of the public will, to which thy will ought to be subordinate. 4 Dofond thy country, because it renders them happy, and contains thy property, as also those beings who are dearest to thine heart. Do not permit this common parent of thyself, and thy fellow-citizens, to fall under the shackles of tyranny (either home or foreign despotism), because from them it will be no more than a prison for thee. If thine unjust country refuse thee happiness ; if, submitted to an unjust power, it suffers thee to be oppressed, withdraw myself from it in silence (?) and never disturb it. In short be a man ; he a sensible and rational being be a faithful husband, a tender father, an equitable muster, a zealous citizen ; labor to serve the country by thy powers, they talents, thine industry, and thy virtues ยก participate with shine associates those gifts which nature line is bestowed du thee j diffuse happiness, contentment and joy over all those who approach them, that the sphere of thine actions, enlivened by kindness, may road on thy self. Be assured that the man who makes others happy cannot be unhappy himself, Cicero. PUBLIC WORship. It is true, we have a place of prayer in our closets. We have one in our families ; and happy is he who delights to retire from the world to hold private followBhip with his God and blessed is that family whose ' daily devotions present them to the notice and and care of the God of the families of the whole earth. "The voice of joy and salvation is in the tabernacles of the righteous." But it is not to be forgotten, that the same authority which has instituted the duties of the closet and the family, has established also the obliga- tion of public and social worship : " not for- taking the assembling of yourselves together." In truth, every other mode of worship, however important, is inferior to this. Private prayer is designed principally for personal purposes ; family worship for a blessing upon our relations, circumstances and pursuits. Public worship includes these and more. Large and general intercessions reserved for public assemblies, and for this reason, that God will be sought publicly, that it may be publicly acknowledged that every good gift is from above. "If two or three of you shall agree on earth as touching anything that they shall ask, it shall be done for them of my Father which is in heaven." Richard Watson. MABBIAOE BROKERS. By o poetic license, marriages are said to be " made in Heaven." " In France, Italy and Germany, however a good many of them are made by those factors of. Cupid known as marriage brokers. in Paris these gentry advertise their matrimonial stock on hand in the daily papers. If they are to be believed, they sometimes have titled eligibles to dispose of, and the French are such on old people that it is as likely as not their announcements to that effect are true. In order to spare blushes and prevent unpleasant scones, the broker's establishments are provided with what are called " private observation rooms." These apartments have peephole in the wainscotting, through which a gentleman can be reconsidered by a lady, or a lady by a gentleman, previous to a personal introduction. If the private view is unsatisfactory on either side, no inter- view takes place. This plan, as ingenious as it is simple, saves the feelings of parties consuls- ally inclined from being mortified by a cold shoulder reception. When a lady or gentleman is suited with a spouse, the go-between expects douceur in proportion to the joint property of the happy pair in relation to which he institutes the most searching inquiry. All this is very " mercenary, very demoralizing, very disgusting ; but after all, it is not so bad as the factor like way in which fashionable matrons not unite quently "dicker " off their fashionable daughters. Mothers in this country (and of course in other countries, too often act as brokers for their marriageable daughters, and are handsomely pensioned off on the proceeds of the transactions. A PLEASANT FICTION. The Paris correspondent of the Daily News says that a little book, used in the French schools, with the flat of Mr. Drury, Minister of Public Instruction tells the rising generation that "the Emperor Maximilian reigns peaceably over a contented people, and that French influence is, thanks to God, for ever established on the South American 