, ^xTHEATRlO^I./,; /', ? Tha^BIetrbpolitari Stage. ' .-?''' Dear Belc,— Tho production of ?'Ham- let,' even in a decently meritorious manner, is, beyond doubt, one of the most arduous undertakings whicli fall to the lot of a theatrical manager, and at the same time it is a play which is performed more frequently, perhaps, than any other of Shakspere. Every budding aspirant to histrionic fame has ' ' a eh v ' at tbo character, and most of the nhosta I have seen consider themselves the only le gitimate illustrators of the departed majesty of Denmark. ? Tlie philosophic grave-diggers are generally represented as low buffoons, Ophelia is frequently essayed by a matronly lady, and I have heard moro than one Po lonms deliver the part with a strong Irish accent The great difficulty, however, is finding a suitable representative of the ' melancholy prince.' It is a part requiring such an immense amount of study that by the time an actor has mastered the wonderful in tricacies of the character, he has, as a rule, attained such a ripe ago as to physically dis qualify him from playing it, and looks more like the father than the son of the king. If, on the other hand, a juvenile tragedian attempts it, although his personnel may bo all that is desirable, he shows such a crude ness and want of experience in tho in nnmerable ^situations' with which the play abounds, as to provoke contrasts with the moro matured performances of his elder brethren of the profession. To this fact, I presume, wo may attribute tho assumption of the character by a lady, who can combine the necessary attributes of a juvenile ap Eearance, and considerable experience in the usines3 of the stage. I never saw a female Hamlet until last Saturday, and as I have been a tolerably persistent playgoer for somo years, I fancy that when nny lady has at tempted tho part, it must havo been the reverse of a success, otherwiso I should have seen it In justico to Miss Cleveland I am pleased to be able to say that as a complete realisation from beginning to end I was bdth surprised and gratified, and bar 'Macready, I don't recollect any actor who impressed mo throughout as having given a less imperfect delineation of tho part I liked Bomo parts of Barry Sullivan's Hamlet better because he was so commend ably strict in making tho business of the other characters harmonise with his own, anduied every moans to carry out his concep tion o^ the part as he himself formed it Kcan's Hamlet was by far too ancient and the Ftolwart figure and bold manly bearing of poor Brooke unfavourable to his interpre tation of tho vaccillating prince. Other less celebrated^ actors -were still less successful, and notwithstanding my repugnance to a lady assuming male characters in tragedy, I must congratulate Miss Cleveland upon her very excellent performance. There was a freedom from rant nnd clap-trap which was quito refreshing, and her delivery of the well known soliloquy, commencing 'O what a rogue and peasant slave am I, showed great judgment and discretion, and waa avast im provement upon the usnal method of render ing the celebrated speech. . If tho Hamlet of Miss Cleveland is to bo gauged by its montal standard it is a highly creditable perform ance, but tho very beautiful womanly -figure of the fair artiste must assert itself in spite of all attempts on the part of the spectators to blind themselves to tho fact that it is an un real and impossible Hamlet which is before them. The highest praise I can vouchsafe to Miss Cleveland is that her performance was very intellectual, very clever, and very lady-like. Although Mr. Lambert is about tho best Polonius on tho stage, the com pany generally are not equal to such ambi tious efforts. Mr. Vincent was not so good as I thought he would be as tho King, though I was clad to see him introduce the usuallv omitted scene where his conscience smites him, and ho attempts to pray. Why tho management did not go a step further and givo Hamlofs portion of the samo sceno I cannot for the life of me divine. Mrs. Stone ham's Queen was just what I could imagine Mrs. Cruramlea's to have been, and tho Mar cellus and Bernardo were as good as tho Rosencrautz and Guildenstern were bad. Mr. C. Hall was too tame as Laertes, and Mr. Bellair, as the Ghost seemed to have 'burst his cerements' with Buch precipitation that he brought liia mosquito curtains with him. Ho elongated some of his words to a fearful extent, and I certainly cannot consider him the best ghost I ever aaw. Miss Quinn's Ophelia was not up to the average standard, neither was Mr. Harwood's Osric the youngest I havo seen. Taken altogether, tho company was over weighted, aud I do not tbink the managers will find such revivals remunerative. Tho scenery was admirable, but tho two chairs which have always been my bete noir still remain tho sole articles of furniture in the regal palace.' Wo havo hod quito a pot pourri at tho Eoyal this week — 'The Stranger' alternated with 'Hamlet,' and on Thursday ' East Lynno ' was revived for tho benefit of tho Lying-in Hospital Lost night Miss Aitken was to take a fare well benefit in 'King Kent's Daughter,' and .'Guy Mannonng,' and to-night week tho 'Flying Scud' is announced. The management are deserving every credit for producing such novelties as tho !'Serf' and this lost one. It had, I believe, an im mense run at tho New Holborn Theatre, London, whero it was produced somo few months since, and was so successful as to bo played throughout Christmas timo in lieu of tho timo- honoured pantomime. It is to this class of drama tho company at tho Royal, as at present constituted, aro best adapted, nnd I' think if tho managers stick. to pro ductions which do not overtax tho powers of their staff they. will find it advantageoim in tho long run. Tho non-pursuance of a systematic courso .has be-w tho ruin of this theatre sinco Barry Sullivan left it, and should, I imagine, bo a fair warning to the present lessees. Certainly tho bucccss attending tho ' Greed Bushes,' at tho Haymarket, is oho of tho most legitimate I havo had to' record for many a day — not a success in tho ordinary theatrical acceptation of tho term', which means houses half full and tho performance generally bad. , InthisrovivarofBuckstono's old drama tho associations of years ago are ronewed by tho ever-fresh and delightful porformanco of Mdme. Colesto as: Miami. Thorimnlicitydftheohildof tho prairie, tho all confiding love, which is subsequently turned to gall by tho discovery of tho worthlcsaness of him on whom sho has lavished her un bridled affections, .aro depicted in tho samo powerfully dramatic manner wliioh in earlier Sears, made tho name of Celeste celebrated iroughout tho world, As a specimen of pure romantio melo-dramatio acting, tho Miami of Celeste will bear, comparison with any porformanco known to stago traditionary lore. It should bo .witnessed by all; by those who have nevor seen it, as, a treat aimoBt unexpected iu tho colonies j and by thoso who aro familiar with' it, to recall tho memory of thoso days when tho Adelphi was at the zenith of its prosperity. Messra. Ire land and, Lawrence, as the two O'Kennedys, wore woll suitod, as was also {Mr, Groviilo, if ho would- only make-up his face a little lik,o on-Irish peasant instead of a barber's dummy. Tlio comic busiiioss,in tho hands of Messrs. G. H. Rogers aud Gill, was excellent and Mrs, Holloway made a very 'fair Nelly O'Neil; but in charity' I would adviso XT «* f!nnnin fr» * nvman '? nnfitli!n» !— *u.*t WU|-I'(U w VAV1OU Ull V kiliU^ 111 the wny of singing which his company nro constantly stumbling ovor. The drama is plnced on tho Btngo in such a complete mannnr as to mako mo hopo that Madamo Colesto will ofl'ect n permanent revolution in thcBO matters in connection, with tlio colonial stage. Tliero is one thing, however, whicli oven her experience has not been able to effect, viz., n stage boat with anylilco liko a nntural motion. Tliu ono iiftroduced into tlio 'Green Hushes' would inevitably havo been swamped beforo proceeding fiO yards, and, moreover, waa propelled iu spasmodic jerks by ubmo unseen ]-owur with which certainly tho occupants of tho boat had no connection, for they were bo crowded that tho slightest motion ou the port of any of them muft hava capsized the whole lot into the Mississippi. Ihis absurdity de stroyed- tho effect of what would otherwiso Jiavo been a very fine scene, Tho utmost interest nas been displayed by the public in this revival, 'and I should say it has been productive of by far the largest amount of business since Madame's engagement A freBh . attraction Iia3 been added to the 'Varieties' in1 tho person1 of a Mr. Max well Brown, who professes- nntural magic «1 la Colonel Stodare (otherwise 'Any Stod dart). Tho Indian basket trick has been done this week, ..but I fancy the genuine Indian jugglers must bo far more dexterous than Mr. Brown, or they would not havo achieved such celebrity. Tho ' Sphinx' is to be produced to-night, and is announced as something very wonderful in necromantic wonders. Tho Leopold family aro still re tained at the Varieties, and contribute largely to tho pleasure of the audiences. I have not noticed anything fresh in the musical portion of the programme, which is as well executed as ever, tho only change in Liddle. in favour of Mrs. Andrews, well known as a useful, singer in connection with the Lyster Opera Troupe. * ? Speaking of the Opera Company, I regret very much to hear that the accident which happened to the young and favourite tenor, Mr. Beaumont.isprovedto be far more serious than was at first imagined, but I believe the full extent of the injury cannot at present be ascertained. There is n talk of the Princess's being opened shortly, under the management ot Mr. J. H. Allen, with our bluff friend, John Bryan, in his old post of major-domo, but I am not in possession of sufficient in formation to justify mo in stating what ' business.' is contemplated. A sort of diorama, illustrating Milton's 'Paradiso Lost,' has occupied the Poly technic, but I have not yet had an oppor tunity of seeing it ' .. CHARLES SURFACE. 