AUSTRALIAN CAPERS.* [from the leader.] i ' Old Boomerang ' particularly . requests the readers ®f 'Australian Capers' to road his book through beforo judging it. Having complied with his request, we trust that ho will regard our opi nion of tho book as given honestly. Wo will not mako an affidavit that we havo read it without skip ping occasionally, but we havo read it through for all that ; and we take some credit to ourselves for porforming the task. The bost wa can say of the book is that it rominds us of somo of Albort Smith's productions. ' This is not vory high praiso we admit ; and some 'perhaps might say that it is hardly sufficient,, considering that Old Boomerang has introduced elomonts of interest and instruction which aro totally wanting in anything Albert Smith over -wrote. It is true that our author gives a good deal of advice, introduces a clergyman or two, and makes his leading characters religious men at last, however foolish they may be to begin with. But advice is very cheap at all times; and tho introduction af a clergyman into a novel no moro makes it religious than the twitter of a swallow makes summer. It is satisfactory to be in formed that Christopher becomes a Christian, but it I would havo been moro satisfactory to havo had a Christopher who was capable of becoming one. 'Tho main object of the work,' says tho author, ' is to warn parents in England and elsewhere against sending their inexperienced sons to Australia with large capital.' The object is good, but we don't see how it is to be gained by telling us how a couple of old fools in England send out to Australia a young fool who is not only without experience, but utterly incapable of acquiring any. Such a brainloss youth as Christopher Cockle is hero represented would bo victimised anywhere just as easily as in Australia ; and no amonnt of experience, either home or colonial, could bo of tho slightest service to him. If instruction wero tho author's object, it is sadly missed ; if pleasure, we miss it just as much, for what interest can wo feel iu watching tho for tunes of an imbocilo f Some idea of tho sort seems ta havo dawned upon the mind of the author himself beforo ho got to the end, for ho says : — ' These and a few othor specimens of his silliness might be wrought into a chapter comical enough for tho columns of Punch ; but I fancy the reader is almost wearied with the absurd capers of tho youth — whether or not, I am quite tired of recording them.' We should think ho was ; but if so, why did ho inflict them upon the reader's patienco ? Who cares in the slightest degree about Christopher Cockle's infancy or boyhood, when he was coddled by rich but weak-minded paronts ; or about his voyage tc Australia, in tho course of which he' learned to smoke, drink, play at loo and whist, acquired a few fasliionable and nautical oaths, a variety of choico slang and a comic song, all at the cost of £200 ; or about his arrival in Molbourne, where ho was seen to bo a fool by everybody he met, and treated ac cordingly ; or about his doings in Sydney either, where he was deceived and cheated in various ways, got involved in a matrimonial engagement with a young lady who was no better than she should be, found her out just in timo to save himself from tho matrimonial nooso, took to drink worse than ever, had a fit of delirium tremens and attempted suioide, camo tohis senses, if he ever had any to come to, got converted, and turned out at last to the entire satis faction of his father and mother, his uncle, and his guardian angel, Tim Rafferty ? Wo are thankful for Tim Rafferty. Ho is a funny dog ; and if thero be any amusement in reading the book, it is from Tim that it is to bo got. He is an Irishman, of course ; an Irishman of tho Irish in somo respects, but with a dash of something not exactly Irish. Imagine a rollicking, drinking, affectionate Paddy, a Sam Weller and a Primitive Methodist rolled into ono, and you havo Tim Rafferty. Thero is a most amusing sceno with him on board tho ship when comiHg out. Tim was ono of file stewards, and a passenger taking umbrage at him for somo supposed slight or want of attention, took the fol lowing way of paying him off. ' Raffertv ! Raffertv ! Riffertv !' rnnrpil mi im perative voico from ono of tho cabins off tho lower . saloon early tho following morning, wliile Tim was preparing breakfast for the children and then nurses. ' I'm a comin, Sir, as Paddy Flynn sod to his mate below whin ho tumbled off the top ov tho ladder wid a hod ov mortlier on his back. Comin, Sir, inharf a jiffy, or less than that. Troth, an ye're in a mighty flustration this mornin, poor crather ! It's a bottle o' pale ale or some soder wather that yore wantin, that's all, I'll ingage ; an ono ud guess a rat nd get hold ov yer nose, or yo was roarin for the docther to cure ye ov tho collery mopus. Och, bother, hold yer blather ! ye'll blow all yer teeth out in a minnit. An what did ye plaise to want, Sir ?' asked Tim, in an altered tone, as he entered the cabin of tho dutiful Dutch gen tleman who was travelling to 'Japan to see his grand mother. ' What can I do for yor honor, this mornin ?' asked Tim, humbly. ' Nothing. I did not call you. Bother you, why did you wake mo so early ?' grumbled Mr Van Swill. Then, turning over in his berth, ho began to snore again in o stylo for which he was remarkable.' Rafferty, make haste this way.' said a softer voice in another direction. ' Be quick, Rafferty, if you please.' ' Yis, Sir, here am I, Sir, at yer sarvice,' said Tim, tapping at tho door of the cabin occupied by the Rov. Mr Ilacey. 'What will I do for yer riverence ?' 'I did not call you, my friend,' re plied Mr Racey, opening tho door, and looking with his usual good-natured smile at the puzzled fellow. ' Why don't you come here when I call you, Raf ferty?' asked somebody else in a testy tone. 'I will certainly complain to the captain when I go on deck.' ' Shure thin, if yea do that same, ye'll be takin away my character, and that an't much good to nobody, dear knows. Iv ye'll ony jist tell me who ye are, ond where ye be, I'll hurry ta yo as fasht as a fire- ingin, soh ! But I can't have me eyes an me ears in iverybody's cabin all at on'st ; an any cracked feller, widout a haporth iv brains or com mon sinse, ud see that's raysinabla. Bedad, an I'm thinkin iv I'd twice as many eyes an legs ns a spider, I shudn't have liarf enough to plaise some ov these risty tisty customers. I'd forty times sooner be a broken-backed donkey, goin to the knackers in a trap, nor be a flunkey in this ealoon, wid iverybody bawlin tho cars off iv me ; and that's a fact, shuro enough 1 Yis, yis, I hear yez, Sir; I'll bo wid yez in a crack,' added Tim, as tho summons was pe remptorily repeated ; then gently opening the door of Mr Boomerang's cabin; and showing a face the picture of perplexity, he asked, in a very civil key, 'Was ityerself as was jist afther callin me, Sir ?' ' No, Rafferty, I did not call you ; but I heard you called in three distinct places. You seem k- be in unusual request this morning.' 'Well, skin me iv I over seed tho likes o' this in all my exparienco at say,' cxclaimod Tim, seating himself on the edge of tho tablo for a minute's reflection. ' Thruo enough, I niver sailod in such a tip-top crack ship as this afore, an I niver had sich a regiment of roosliuns to look afther, nayther; these chaps bato tho Yankees all ta wooden clothes- pegs, dash'd if thoy don't. I wondhcr who tho mischief it was as called mo ! Blist if I know, so I'll jist let em call agin, as tho chato inrr iintloman sed. whin his butcher an baker tuk him their bills 1' ' Rafferty, bear a hand here, do yon moan to keep me roaring for yer all day? Look sharp this way, will yer?' growled a very gruff voico in tho vicinity of Tim's pantry, which voiee ho evidently thought belonged to ono of tho cook's mates ; and his ire was instantly aroused at the idea of a man, in a subordinate position, addressing him so imperatively ; at a time, too, when ho was un usually troubled with other callers, and was rather in arrear with his ordinary work. ' Hnllabulloo ! an what tho plague did ye want wid Rafferty, ye smutty-faced galley-ranger ?' shouted Tim, start ing, and running towards tho new caller, with his fists doubled-up for a fight. ' Rafferty, indeed, bad lack to yez, I'll let yes tashte his knuckles, an sind yes yelpin ta tho caboose wid yer nose in yor fisht, iv yer not off afore I git alongside ov yo. Dasli yor imperance, am I to be yell'd at by the likes o' yo, whin I'm np to me neck ia harrd work, an as bothered as an owld woman in a coach full ov monkeys ?' When Tim got to his pantry, fully prepared to give a knock downjblow to the presump tuous intruder, to his great surprise and increased bewilderment, thero was no person there. ' Blist if I can make this out at all at all,' grumbled Tim, returning to tho saloon scratching his head, and looking half frightened, and thoroughly cross. ' I'm fear'd there's somo cantankerous feller's ghost down here, that's a fact. Troth an I wud'nt wondher at all now, iv ' owld Nick' liimsolf had como aboord, cos there's plonty ov his own sott ov fun goin on allers ; but what he'd want to bother mo for, whin there's so many ov his own prime bhoys lyin snorin in their bunks, bates mo altogether, I can't under stand it a bit ; as tho Yunkee sed, whin ho picked up a Dutch hymn-book ?' The loud bellowing ef a cow coming down tho main hatchway, suddenly aroused Tim from liis soliloquy, and literally mado him jump from ono end of the cabin to the other in terror and amazement. ' Moo — moo — moo-o-o !' roared the cow, as if sho wore in a very bad temper. ' Moe — moo — moo-o-o !' ' Ocli, save ns all; iv that cussesl owld cow has'nt broke ont ov her crib, an walked slap down tho ladder, inta tno 'tween decks,' shrieked Tim, turning as pale as a whito rabbit. ' Kapo intil yer cabins, girrls and childers ; don't show a leg ont here, unless ye want ta be tossed an murtliered 1 Hoy ! Tom, Mike, Hans, Rod'iick all ov yes ; jump down here, double quick, an bring big sliticks wid yez ?' ' Moo — moo — moo-o-o !' bellowed tho cow louder than over. ' Hurry, bhoys, hurry!' shouted Tim, to the stewards in the saloon above. ' What tho plague are yo all about ? Hero's that blatherin owld cow walkin inta me panthry full gallop, an ivery blissed haporth ov delf will be kicked to smithereens in a crack. Bothera tion 1 I'llgo cranky directly ; hurry bhoys, good luck ta vo !' Down rushed the whole staff of stowards' mates, with consternation in their faces, and with various weapons in their hands — from broom sticks to carving-forks. ' Whisht now, bhoys 1 be raysinabla ; don't go that way, or yo'll drivo the owld vaggabin wallop inta mo panthry, an ruin me ont an out in harf a minit. This way, honies, this way ; go aisy, now ; hit her a mortial whack, ivory one iv yez, jist to tache the dhirty baste not to como kickin up her shines in this saloon agin, anyhow. Aisy, aisy, bhoys ; now thin, look out, look out, hit her hard !' 'Holloa! holloa! what's all this riot about?' demanded tho chief steward; coming down at that moment, to seo what his men wero doing. ' What noisy game are you playing at here? Catch-tho-owl, t-r skittles, or hockey ? What tho dickens are you doing down here, all of you, at tliis timo of tho morning ?' ' Shure, we're cotchin tho cow, Sir,' cried Tim, with an excited glance up the passago leading to his pantry. ' Whisht a bit. Sir, wo'll slaughter her, tho cantankerous owld baste.' ' Pooh ! Catching a crocodile,' said the chief stoward, hastily walking up the passage. ' Where is the cow ? you moon-calf ?' ' Troth, she's in the pantry, iv she's not outsido iv it. Sir ; an ye'd betther look ont, for she's ns savage as a butcher's dog. She'd toss the lifo out ov yez, as soon as she'd ate a turnip ; so don't bo afther sayiu I didn't tell yez, soh 1' ' Why, tho man's drank, for certain,' said the chief ; going into the pantry, and coining out again in a second, with scornful anger in his looks. ' Sorra n word of that's thmei Sir, axin yer pardin. I'm as seber as Ballywhack town pump, ivery bit. As shure as I'm alive, I 'Vinnrjl r»rvw in flin nrvnf.Virrr. IVlnfhnrin nwnv nn iv somebody was skinnin her ; and if any bhoy here sez I didn't, I'll jist givo him ? ' ' Get out with you ! Don't spin me nny of your ghost yarns, or I'll send you forward,' said the chief impatiently. ' The cow is in her crib, on dock, and has never moved a hoof ont of it since she came on board. It's my belief you aro drunk, and mad too ; but we'll soon seo what's tho matter with you. Miko, run and rouse up tho doctor, directly.' In less than live minutes, the doctor was in tho saloon, feeling Tim's pulse, and looking as puzzled as doctors often do when called from their beds, in violent haste, to examine patients who are thoroughly well. ' What have you been drinking lately, my man ?' asked the physician ; with a searching look into Tim's excited face. ' Drinking, why tay, to be shuro, Sir; wid jist a tashto ov hot wine, what Misthor Cockle give mo last night ; 3orra a haporth ov any thin else. I'm not dhrunk, Docther, niver fear. The murtlierin owld. cow jumped down intil the 'tween docks, an scored tho life out iv me, that's all about it. Troth, it's a raal good job, afther all, sho didn't get inta mo panthry, or dear knows what phileloo sho wud' ? 'Lot mo hear no moro of your nonsense, if you please. Come to tho surgery with mo, ond I'll givo yon a little medicine.' 'Bo tho hoky, thin, I won't take a dlirop ov yer mid cine, docther, not I, cos, there's notliin in the world ails me, savin that I'm bothered a bit, that's all. I'm as sound and as sane as yerself , ivery bit ; manin no offince, Sir. It's the cow' ? ' Tut, tnt ! don't annoy me with any moro of your absurdities, or I will shave your head, and put you in a strait jacket !' ' Whew ! shave me head an stratt jacket mo is it ! Bo tho piper, it wud'nt be a plisant job for any feller to do that same to Tim Rafferty, snll ! WlinfiVflr tripfl t.llft i n rl-nt nrtf.n mn nil I . n straight enough himself afore he's liarf buttoned I it ; take my word for that same. I tell yo, Sir, it's as thrue as ye'ro a docther, I heerd the cow in the 'tween decks, bellowin like a bull ; an if yo think it's fair to shave a fellor for shpakin the truth, ye'd better git ready yer lather bax ; but, bo japors, tho fisht man as cotchcs hold iv mo ta shavo me skull, or measnre mo for a jacket, ull get somethin from this fist that he'll niver be ablo to sell agin at no prico. I'll hit him such a crack in the nose as he niver smelt afore ; an he'll niver relish a pinch iv snuff agin, I'll ingage. Now, honies, I don't wast to hurt ony iv yes, not I ; still an all, I'm not goin to shtand still, an bo made ugly, an trated like a mad lunatic, widout havin a shy for it. I'm a thruo born Irishman, ivery inch iv mo ; an I'll fight like a soger for mo rights and liberties. So look out, bhoys ! Mind your oyes, as the feller said to the crowd, whin he dropped liis pipe intil a carrt load ov sky- rockets !' As Tim concluded his warning address to his puzzled mess mates, ho placed himself in a fighting attitnde, and defied all tho barbers on board. The doctor was about to reply with warmth, aud perhaps to order tho severe remedies he had hinted at, when Mr Presto called him into his cabin. In a short time, the worthy doctor re-appeared, laughing heartily, and kindlv told Tim to e»o on with his work, nnd f.lm cow should not trouble him again. Tim went to his work with a vory serious face, and muttering his quaintly expressed wonderment, ' how on earth the cow cud walk straight down tho ladder, an up it agin, too, widout so much as showin her tail, or lavin the mark iv her hoof behind her.' In the ) course of tke day it leaked out that Mr Presto had been exercising his professional powers of ven triloquism, and at the same time paying Tim for tho knock on the nose with tho pewter-dish, on the previous night, and sundry other scores of anterior date. Tim, however, obstinately refused to ' belavo that any mortial man end make such a bastely row ;' and [expressed his firm belief that 'if it war'nt a raale cow, it was » cow's ghost, for sartin ; an if any bowld crather sed it wor'nt, or had tho bad manners to say moo to him agin, that same bhoy wud git a whacking thump on his head, as ud make him fancy a cow had kicked him 1' Tim settled at Sydney, and, fr»m being a mes senger to a crack Club there, rose in ten years' time to be member of Parliament for Kickadingo, 