FHE BENDIGO ADVERTISER PUHMBHKD DAU.T PttOQKRggJOH, (MIK HlffllTA, ANI> 0 It It. IlKaOUBORt. SANDHURST, FRIDAY, SEPT. 27; 1S67"' OUR RECEPTION OF'THE PRINCE."". Mb.. Alfred England will bo the death of Councillor Holdsworth. That indomitable champion of civic economy has "sworn "a solemn oath" to-servo an injunction upon the Mayor and Council if they attempt to spend any ! of the ratepayers' money in welcoming theJDuke of Edinburgh. Mr. England is not'to be baulked by any such shallow pretext! as.the. signing of a memorial by the ratepayers asking, the Council to devote the :necessary amount of money to the proper reception of tl;o Prince,—" more especially when this memorial is started by the Council itself, being said to have, ema nated from the fertile brain of the Town: Clerk, and is carried about the-town .for signature by paid canvassers. Of course Mr. England; would have had the greatest respect,for:a'.".memorial emanating from the ratepayers in the ordinary way,-and would not for a moment have dreamed of resorting to an injunction in the face] of such an authorization. The present memorial, however, he regards as a weak invention of tl\e enemy, and ho goes about breathing diro threats of legal proceedings, which harrow tlio 'soul of Councillor Holdsworth, if not! of tho; Mayor, himself. . . - * ! : • a Mr. England, whose surname stands in curious contrast with his opposition to; a'loyal reception by tho ratepayers, of the Queen of England's son, considers that the necessary sums for the occasion should be raised by voluntary subscription. He himself, in that spirit of liberality which so well: becomes, a wealthy land lord, offers to give £50 for the purpose, if nine others will come forward and n imitate his example. The proposition lias caused the public an unexpected gratification, but the con dition rather takes the gilt off it. Here is the one contributor towards raising a sum of ,£500, but then whore are the remaining nine ? i We havo not heard of any eager - rush of persons anxious to emulate the liberality of Mr. Eng land and to contribute their £50 a-pieco. There ore, no doubt, scores of men here who could do this very easily, and if they chose to: spend their money in this way no exception could bo taken to their doing so. But they seeni to bo. of tho same opinion as ourselves, that the ex pense of receiving. the Prince should bo fairly borne by all. Voluntary contributions in all cases mean tho contributions .of ono in ten, and why should the more generous, or those having a stronger sense of what is duo to the occa-: sion, bear the whole of an expenditure which should fairly devolve upon the community ? If a few persons contributed tho necessary amount, they would naturally and very justly expect to occupy the prominent position of hosts, to the Prince. They would monopolise his time and attention while here, and„chdpero'n> him about the district, exhibiting in, triumphli' live Prince as an acquaintance. ; "We have no doubt that the society and the conversation of Mr. England would ba peculiarly pleasing "and edifying to Prince Alfred, especially when he got on his hobby and denounced the short comings' of the Borough Council and the wretched management of the town. But • is this exactly what the citizens. would like 1 If Mr. England was Mayor and represented the Borough this would bo all very appropriate, but as Sandhurst labors under the misfortune of not possessing a Mayor at the same time so economical and so generous and public-spirited,' we fear the reception must be arranged for in n different way. The Duke cannot very well be handed over to the hospitality of a few gentle men, wealthy enough to pay for the honor, and a public subscription is out of the question. Wo are reduced then to the necessity of accepting one of two alternatives,—we must either aban don tho idea of receiving our illustrious visitor at nil, or wo must authorise tho Borough Council to do tho honors oil behalf of Sand-' hurst. Of course the former notion cannot bo entertained for a. moment—even Mr. England himself would exclaim against it. Thero'remains then only the course that is now being- adopted, and let Mr. England threaten as he inayj i and timid councillors Blirink into their boots at his threats, neither the Borough nor tho Borough Council can shirk their.plain duty in this matter without reproach and ignominy. We tremble for tho'peace of miud of our friend Holdsworth, for the Council must spend ' money' in this matter, even at tho awful risk of drawing upon, them tho wrath and the injunctions of England. But even if this gentleman is determined to signalise his name, in history as the single objector in tho colony to the Duke's being re ceived in a becoming manner, is it likely that the Attorney-General will grant an injunction? Let us comfort the souls of nervous councillors by the assurance that Mr. England's application would be treated with, derision, and that if;tho point were raised a Bill would be passed indem nifying all Borough Councils for appropriating, a reasonable portion of the ratepayers' money to the reception of the Queen's son, L3t it be remembered that our Council does not stand alone in this matter. The two Ballarat Councils have agreed to spend a considerable sum of money in furnishing such a reception7-as will even vie with that of the metropolis itself. Wo have heard of no person in Ballarat or in any other borough desirous of imitating the conduct of our England, and " damning himself to everlasting fame " by endeavoring to prevent a ]oynl manifestation of respoct for tho aon of our Sovereign. Sandhurst has tho credit, such as it is, of possessing this eccentric stickler for economy. Looking at this matter without referenco to legality, but merely as a question of propriety, what right has tho Legislature to spend £15,000 of the public money in the reception of tho Princo in Victoria, any more than tho Borougli Council to spend £500 in receiving him in Sandhurst ? Tho expenditure iu both cases is out of tho. usual course, and is in tho exerciso of hospitality and the manifestation of loyal respect to an illustrious visitor. Statute law may not authorise our spending any of tho ratepayers' money for this purpose, but tlio higher law. which springs from a sense of propriety and duty fully justifies it. Wo should bo sorry indeed if wo possessed a Council capable" of being frightened out of the course dictated by such considerations, by any such bugbear as thatiised by Mr. England. For our part wo cordially concedo to tho Council the :right to spend a fair sum in tho roception of the Prince, ;.aud: wo feel perfectly safo in leaving it to thorny Councillor Holdsworth included, to say what stiaU be.a'.fair sum... ■ - . iThk 'Weather.-—After the very disagreeable weather of the previous two or three days the partially fitie weather of yesterday,was an agree- | ablfe change.' Tswards night, however, the ex pectation" of- th'e discontinuance of the rain was Jiterallyjdamped by the commencement of a few drizelihgi'showera,' and about1 midnight the heavy rain- re>,commenced. The thermometer registered •In1- theri,8hadel,at. 'Messrs - Joseph and Co's, Pall Majl, as follows :-r9 a.m.,' 50° ; noon, 60° ; 3p.rn.,,590 5p.ni., 57°. ;Maximum, 61'; mini mum during.the- previous night, 44°. Barometer .falling. — - - - . . A Mining' Encroachment.—We learri that the Messrs Ballerstedt yesterday paid to the Confi "de'nce~C6mpany, Victoria Reef, the sum of LG00, !the amount of damages alleged to have .been sus tained by an encroachment on their ground. , t Fatal;:.,Accident. — A miner named John Strother, 35 .years, of. age, was killed yesterday -afternoon by-getting jammed between the bolepit and1 the bole of'the W,hip Jte'ef Company's pump ing engine. He__was'_ speedily,'.extricated; and Dr Eadie ,.was in; attendance, but life was extinct. The body was conveyed to: the Hibernia Hotel, -Golden-square,- where an inquest was begun by the Coroner last evening. 1 ; > ■ -j "The-Volunteers.—The'rifles turned out yes terday, about sixty strotig',rfor "the usual weekly parade!-" ! Having been formed into two companies under the' respective commands of Lieutenants "BIscEBanTaiul Bartrop, Captain Joseph'in com .riiand, of,,' tiife. wli'ole,, the ''corps, were marched "through_thelpnncipal .streets of-the-town, going through several battalion evolutions on th<3 march in a very: steady manner. - Having beeii drilled for some time in Charing Cross the corps were dismissed,.previous to which Captain Joseph took the opportunity of informing those present that in future-the parades would be held, at half-past five, and helioped members would be punctual in their : attendance;'-,/He also stated .that the Monday evening's company drill would j- during the build ing. of the. new rifle orderly-room, be held'iii the cavalry orderly-room,-and the next practice match ' for - first .'class--shots would be held at the Baclc Creek Butts next Monday, at.two.p_m. The Cavalry turned out yesterday afternoon, in-full force,'numbering above thirty | sabres, under the command of Captain Mooreheat). They proceeded' to their parade ground at the Back Creek,, where they went through a number of cavalry manoeuvres, and were drilled in artillery exercise, the movements tbeing executed with an aptitude and precision redounding greatly to the credit of the men and training of the horses. After parade, a meeting of the members was held at the. orderly-room for the election of non commissioned officers, when the following were elected:—Sergeants, Purves, Magratb,.j Bell, Clegg, and Code; Corporal, Kraemer. Parliamentary Debating Club.—There was a paucity of attendance last evening at the meeting of this club, as it was understood there would be " no House" in the absence of the ChiefSeeretary (Mr Emmett) in Melbourne. The discussion on the second reading of the Land Bill was resumed ■by Mr Waller, who was followed by Messrs M'Walters, Grey, and Port, when the debate was adjourned to next Thursday evening. The Com missioner of Customs (Mr Grey_) introduced a bill to amend the law for regulating the licensing of public-houses and the sale of fermented and spirituous liquors. The bill was read a firat'time and the House rose. . ' Donation to tub Hospital.—-The Treasurer of the Bendigo Hospital thankfully acknowledges the receipt of two guineas from the Committee of Management., Eaglehawk Popular Readings. . A QuoitMatch.—The . lovers of quoiting are likely to be afforded an opportunity of witnessing an exhibition of skill at quoits between two noted players, as it appears, by advertisement, that a match has:been arranged'to'l'take place at Myer's I Creek on Saturday afternoon between Robert I Tiplady and John Laverick. IjOvb" at Sight.—A very curious instance of the truth of the ofttimes repeated remark that in matrimonial ventures the people of Australia are not so dilatory as in less genial climates, occurred the other day.' A 'bachelor—whose name, of course, we shall not mention—left Deniliquin by the morning coach, intending to travel to Mel bourne. Having for a fellow passenger an agreeable, buxom, and conversational young lady, the national and natural instincts of the gentle man—he was an Irishman—led him to pay every \- .attention to her during .the journey over the rough bush road from Deniliquin. Arriving at Rchuca they had to wait Borne time for the .train, and the opportune delay was taken advantage of by the gentleman to put that momentous question on the reply to' which his future happiness—and all ■ that—depended. 1 A , favorable ' answer was not, however, denied by the fair one, and so loth were both|to delay matters, that by the time they arrired in Sandhurst, the bridegroom elect made arrangements to proceed to..'Melbourne, transact the business he had to do, and return to Sand hurst the next day to' enter into the pleasures of matrimony. And lie did so, and they were married within thirty-six hours from the 'time they first saw each othor. in the firm belief—which we hope may never he dispelled—that although married in haste, they would never have leisure torepent. i ., : PiGBOtr Shooting.—Referring to a pigeon match whicli was to have come off at Castlemaine on Wednesday, in which Mr Pettitt, of Maldon, had backed himself at L10 to L'20 • (the layer of the odds being a Sandhurst man), to kill 21 birds out of 25. The M. A. . Mail of yesterday has the following remarks:—"The pigeon match to have come off dn the Northern Cricket Ground yesterday came to nothing, as the principals could not come to terms about the inode of shooting. Mr Pettitt, of Maldon, was to kill 21 birds out of 25, but as he would not be permitted to select the ground from, which the firingwas to take place, and some misunderstanding also arising,as to the.manner in which the birds were to.be let out, he claimed the stakes, which .will be paid him.. It might be said 'that Mr .llakewell alone, of the Sandhur.-t men, and to hisicompauions' disgust, expressed any dis satisfaction at the proposed arrangements." A New Reading of Roman Mistobt.—In the Argits of yesterday we observe two letters of cor respondents, one of whom, writing on the subject of the dispute between the two Houses, gives himself the classical nom de plume of "Amor Patriae," and the second, referring to the prepara tions for the reception of the Duke of Kilinhurgh, signs himself "The Ghost of Tom Cringle." liy •a strange coincidence both writers are guilty of the same curious historical blunder, as in drawing a simile between some of the eircunntanccs they are referring to and an incident in Roman history, they credit "Quintim Curtius" with the patriotic act of leaping into the gulf in the Forum to save his country instead of Marcus Curtius. Quiiitus, not "Quintius,' Curtius was the name of the his torian about wh jse death nothing wonderful is recorded. 