ENTERTAINMENTS. THB TfiEATjlM, '*«. •• Olre ma lwTe Tocpeak my tninif^etAuniUU. " 1 What a pity it fa rre hare no heroei of the IWallade etamp notr-a-dars. tbat b. th»1 ™ ***" ^rform^ M the Theatre ?*! Bteeose it would be so ecpaoatfeiF&J; have a fighting «paMe ^i,» J — 0#A >to^»wea,; it might render unnecessary much eiDOifc^. ' for Ahdstrong arid fybitwprtT *J » *h°t» ai-modT-plated shins,!' team tune, a„d captain,'famimerebla. So " WTOderthe «gode«approTe when such deeds are jwrforlned as throw into the shade die ' achievements of All ordinarily. iUostrious heroes, -Let us hope the oontemplathm of 8U00fla <*a the part oftfae Smttish knight, hasexoited in the breartair those «n»avoo,y if enthusiastic young gentfe TJiT«tr tJ t07er ® gaUeiy PW* of the Theatre %el in so dangerous a manner, a large amount of emulation. It is precisely jl this way that the stage is able to fulfil one of its most important functions, and eo rtformetorr1 jchook may he rendered unnecessary, in that ^tnobc Tutuea and. martial ardour, shalL throughito teaching,taketheplace of tfcorepae£ fotire tendencies, which principally characterise these supporters of thedrema. Let us hope,tdo. wfteh the maonenaj^^ ' reai reasonjhat , present Wallace, die Hero of Scotland** last Srturdayand succeeding nights. ! Became E some, personal sacrifices i* drier to accomplish great moral results. Thus, for example, yo^ who are not an unreformed juvenile vagabpnd, but an adult oitixen of staid taarmert and deportment, with an arem*. fmoontof intelligence and a preference for the " <T,5^5*. OT Bt "V nte the drama that j8 anfi.not incomprehensible, mar perhaps haVe experienced some, sort of dis appointment, and it may be irritation, at having to sit oat a play in which there is eo much unequal fighting, eo many perplexing victories, ana such a bewildering confusbrTof! incongruous oostumeand soenery. In the ex- - tremity of your toental confusion yon iris* ! perhaps have inquired helplessly of the gen tie man sitting next to you, what the keoce it ins all about, and you may haplyhave gone aWr'" from the theatre irreverently coming the ' management for putting such trash—« m your inconsiderate haste you perhaps termed '»■ it-ou the stage. But a moment's caJa . reflection will not foil to make you exceediryrly aahamed ofyour censurable precipitation^ you will at once see what afolse tr roa ' have made of the policy of the management. *i Never mind the absurdities with which the play is crowded; never mind that ao excellent an actor as Mr. TIncent is made, in a measure. ' ridiculous by acting such an unmeaning piece of melodramatic extnvaganoe; nind that Mrs. 'Yinoent helplessly and hopdcssW struggles to give effect to *a part which fe incapable, by the best acting iij the world, of being made efiective, pever jptod the* your dear old friend Mr. Lambert is ppt in a of pillory of ridicule; or that Miss Dow Stewart is made to sing an interpolated song, having no sort of connexion with the story— if story there is, which is unoert∈ j or Mr. Harwood stmgtfee„like mad to retam paseetoon.of a.loo| pole with a piece- of jdlow calico nailed to the end of it, and, not beiqg able * to retain possession, fells on his back todgiwri / the ghost, for no particularreasonthatyou caa discover. , Hever mind all these,«nda great ' f*ny «5toer oSrcumsfcances in the piece equally ; impossible of explanation. Bememberthafc; fime^corpnat opwt, which being fpterpwiifrffl sigmfies, whst are the odds eo long ae fBelktia ' •to to remember the other provert whout -rwm 1 ^toSeb *mOosiSMyTrf Bri^^ SlS^ : length of time.* Ih orrierihowevto/thai the i Kttie boya.intbe gaHsrj iletemcnb^liste of jhei 'lietnaiagenieat of'th^ B6y_ of the-jrwrthiw jb, WhteworthV >lssmhttrifle britigiftthdre^i. MM A hsw«Mk,'flkdthwit .... r .. , . , M gH0m0^HKJIlvAMMtas .. H ilX.HiiUiiilfchact fif.4 toot of ttwe prolific play-writew, who will comfilefe jou a teagedybi a oooplo of days, anil dash'off a farce or an extravaganza in a few hours. People ofthiartamp hare done a good deal of barm to the indigenous drama, by flooding some managers with plays of -which neither gods nor men could approve; but a* Miy "Wbitworth has now shown that the over-prolific but nothing-producing dra matists do not constitute the whole of the play-writing race in this colony, perhaps managers will have lees reluctance to read the manuscripts sent in to them. And this re minds me that " A Life for a Love," or "A Love for a life"—I forget which—and " The Golden Dustman," l»y Mr. Whitworth and M>. Akhurot severally, which were to have been produced at the Haymarket, have dis appeared from the preliminary announce ments. No doubt the brightness of thejust arrived star will obscure for a time the lesser splendours of local celebrities, but X trust, though obscured, these two pieces are not ex tinguished, and that though to-night at the BwmMWt it is Mr. Anderson and Hamlet, us/ Whitworth and Mr. Akhurst may not be forgotten. And of the Haymarket, I presume we are to understand that the cloud, or fog, or thick gloom which has hung over it since Madame Celeste appeared there, is now to be dispersed, for a time at least. .The Princess's is, after all, to be reopened under the management of the enterprising gentleman who is understood to conduct the Hieatre Comique, so that Mr. James Ellis, who was to have "pleased and amused the human mind in its diversified character, by inviting the amusement-appetite of the public to entertainments having proved merit, will not have an opportunity of carrying out his laudable scheme. Oomte de la ChapeUe haa determined, as a preliminary step towards pleasing and Mf—rag the human mind, to nMoce the prices of admission, and if he fulfil his promises of producing "a constant attraction of elegant performances, the hudian mind will be an the more willing to be amused, lie "diversified character of the entertainments at the Theatre Comique is well kept up. Ohroe sparkling comediettas, besides Mr. Blossom's " eccentricities," and the « acrobates droktiquee,'' would be a good even ing's bill of fare, if even there were no excellent music inter a&a.; But in truth, the orchestra is far from bring the least attractive portion of the performances, and if it were not for the intolerably uncomfortable seats you have to sit upon, and which some ingenious torturer, who might have been a memberof the Spanish Inquisition, must have invented, probably m a fury of general misanthropy, you woddfisel 110 weariness all the evening. For all that, it would be eo much better if Miss Juno would not say conversation, and promise, and occupy, and passible, and compliment, ana similarly maltreat a boet of other un brtmy words which lexicographers have agreed toroell with an O, but which Miss Juno initts shall at any rate be pronounced with on A. And to pass from orthoepy to hair dresune, it may be inquired why dm habitually arranges her bair as if it were not arranged at ah, out rather aB if it bad been exposed to a high wind for several hours ? , loberire, the prevailing fashions just now in ladies' hair-dressing are about as hideous aa they well can be; for they—that is to say the ladies—either cut the hair shprt and make their heads as like mops as possible, or they roll rt op into a frightful bunch behind, so as to give them the appearance at a distance of being fciocphalous monsters. It is astonishing what infinite pains women take . to make themselves ugly, bht I should be glad te think Miss Juno had more taste and a tetter apprehension of the beautiful, than to follow any of the prevmling vile modes. There xs, indeed,- a pfctareeque negligence whiob, artisrioaUy considered, is no doubt beyond conventional tastefulnees; but though hair en dithaMle might do well enough m the representation of1 naiads, nereids, wood nvmphs, or mermaids, it is entirely out of diameter in such parte, for example, as -the - Young Widow or Mary Mortimer. And whOa on the subject of congwuty as ^ to ft may bp usiked on what principle ' Mr. " Dunn dresses the part of Splash in£ fhe araumed character of the danc inifcMsterj whom' he makes trp with a^pair of hlack pantaloons Wim, by th*wsy,a #olutiqn of continuity eu dimkr*, a Mne-ispetied waistcoat, a sac velvet coat wiffiwltmlace trimmings, and oneot those piwgrtlorwigs met riacli^ hat coo "AMO ® i ts the sUteedt rf - byGftrsharahould be r, and lieutenant oon u^JaA.afr0P9*, awcett isiote com toM* fbrS" rS 3g.«» a.i«!ii» ',... .^ggtfgftgSfe; the jttfces'1 MA»uganAsriie<te«ig. (£GMW4i asw»rif«r 4#! fey.; 