LEGENDS OF AUSTRALIA. By JAMES GRASSIE, Of Strathdownie, in the county of Follet. NO. IV. 'Lo, the poor savage whose untutored mind Sees God in clouds and hears him in the wind." A singular circumstance, which seems to have escaped the notice of geologists, is that in Australia there are several permanent swamps, from five to twelve feet deep, in which gum trees in fall maturity now grow. Either there has been a very recent depres- sion of the surface, or else the country is pe- riodically visited by drought of long duration \- a series of rainless seasons - because it is plain that these trees, which may be counted in thousands, never sprang into existence beneath water. The bed of the Dismal Swamp in the Portland District, shows rock very much waterworn, and there are other circumstances which denote that it was once the bed of a mighty river, which rolled it, ceaseless waters to the main during many ages; and at West Strathdownie there are a number of caverns, on the rocky walls of which sea marks are quite visible, and to which "tan- gles" and oysters still adhere - to the eye, fresh as yesterday - but to the touch, mim- mics of a bygone world. " Footprints" were pointed out to me in one of those caverns, as the footprints of a human being, engraved when the rock was in a condition of mud; but although the out line and other points resemble the numan foot; and may have been impinited by one of the smaller claws of Saurian extinct animals, yet I am inclined to conider the marks in question merely ancient water marks. There is an idea entertained, and supported by very plausible arguments, that the whole of the Mount Gambier District stands upon a vast subterranean sea or lake, from which the surface of the ground is divided by a narrow crust, and there can be little doubt that there are in the neighbourhood of the Mount a series of subterranean caverns of incredible extent which, when explored, will throw new lght on geology. In fact, the hollow nature of the ground around the Mount is denoted' by the thundering, drum-like sound produced by any creature running on the surface. Mr. G. P. R. James, the novelist, brought Mount Gambier into some notice by making it the abode of a fictitous "Robber" and it is a singular fact that at the period Mr. James was writing about, it did actually fur- nish a retreat for a 'bushranger' although a very different chracter from him depicted by the novelist. The bushranger in question was known as "Phil the Snob" certainly not \- very heroic appelation - nor yet very applic- able for a novel, yet his name was the best of him for he was a low, sneaking, cowardly rascal, without one redeeming quality, who with his whole gang of sneaks, was at length captured by an old, wheezing gouty hut- keeper, in the following ingenious manner. Old Tim Lane was hutkeeper for a shep herd whose dog was in the habit of biting the sheep, and the squatter one visited Tim's hut, and giving him a fine bitch called 'Fawn" said, " Tim, keep this bitch tied up in the hut for two or three days, and if she then takes to the place give her to the shep herd, and tell him to kil his own dog. On thesecond morning after the conversation in question, Tim was visited by Phil the Snob and his four followers, who informed him that his (Tim's) master had sold 2000 sheep and a draft of cattle at the home station on the day previous for which he was paid one half in cash and the other in bills which any storekeeper would negotiate. Tim and his visitors had been f'ellow prisoners on "t'other side, and so they came to tell him that they intended to rob his master, and give him (Tim) the "privilege of being "in it" 'No." said Tim; " he has pulled me through a lot of trouble, I- would be a most un grateful rascal to turn again him now. No, Phil by Heaven I'm n0t in it." " Then." said the Snob. I'll take devilish good care that you do not "put us away.' (inform upon us) and we'll do it tonight. Now, get in side the hut, and if you show your dirty old plate outside this day I will blow the roof off your old nout." The hukeeper entered the hut took a piece of tanned sheepskin on which he wrote. "'The bushrangers to night for heaven's sake be ready." 'Then, having sewed it like a collar around Fawn's neck he opened the door a very little way, at which she slipped out unobserved, and soon flew over the ten miles that divided the hut from the home station. On that selfsame night Phil and all his followers were either slain or captured. It is pity that theologians gave the world such a meagre chronology as 5000 years; because if they had adopted the seven epochs which the seven days unquestionably repre sent, the enemies of religion would have been prevented from chuckling over the idea that geologists forced that doctrine upon the world. I once read a Roman Catholic Church catechism in wbhch the questions and answers were a follows:- Q.-"'Who made the world?" A.-" God." Q-" How old is the world ?" A.-" Four thousand and four years." Q.-" By whet means was it destroyed ? " A.-" By a univeral deluge." Now a geologist's catechism would run somewhat as follows : Q --" Who made the world ? " A. --" God." Q.-' How old is the world ?" A.-" Figures cannot express it's age !" Q.-- How long has man been upon it! " A.-" A thousand centuries and more.' Q,-" How can you prove that! " A.-" By the stone and flint axe, arrow heads, and knives found in ancient deposit at Picardy and Dusseldorf, by the Neander thal skull, the Natchez Skeleton and human footprints found in the Connecticut rocks." Q.-" By what at means was it destroyed ? " A.-" Unknown causes caused parts of it to be deluged by water at different periods." Q.-" Are the agencies by which the strata of the world were deposited, now at rest ? " A.-" No ! they are as active as ever, and new continents and isles are being formed in the depth of the ocean; to be the abode perhas, of future creations." Q.--"Is it likely to destroyed by fire?" A,-" If its orbit wes changed so as to in crease the focal power of the sun's rays, it would be reduced to a gaseous state by in tense heat." Q.-" Is such a change probable?" A.-" Such a change has taken place, at least, once before; and what has been once may be again." Q -" Has the world always maintained its present position ? " A.-" No! What is now the equator, was at one period its axis; a fact demonstrated by the fossil remains of tropical animals found in the icy regions of the North." Q.-" What agency produced so great a transposition? " A.--" Vast accummulations of ice and snow at the Southern pole, gradually tilted the world over, until the transposition was effected; a fact partially borne out by the variation of the compass." Q.-" Was animal life scanty in the pre Adamite world ?" A.-" In the pre-Adamite world, there was an abundance of animal life perfectly astounding. The bone quarries of Siberia have been wrought by hundreds of men for a hundred years, without any apparant dimunition. These quarries consist entirely of the bones of extinct animals, compacted together; and in England, a vast stratum of coprolitic limestone has been proved to consist entirely of the exuvium or dung of animals." Q.-" What conclusion do you arrive at from these facts?" A.-" At the conclusion that the world was occupied by living creatures before man cane upon it. If he had stepped upon it when occupied by its earlier possessors, be would not long have disputed rule with them. would have seen clouds of flying croco iles (pterodactyle) of prrodigious strength and fierceness, actually darkening the sun with their vast and dusky wings. He would have seen 'gorgeous and hydrae and chimeras dire, tremendous, Surian monsters, as numerous as locusts; and hear the welkin and heavens concave torn, by their loud and hideous bellowing. These were the animals whose bones form mountains in Siberia." Q.-" Did any creature hold dominion over the world before these? " A.--"Fishes held dominion in the sea, and obcure traces of what some consider to have been land animals appear even on the igneous rock; beyond which fire destroyed every geolgical record!" Q.-" Was the earth extensive enough to furnish food for so many and such gigantic animals?" A.- "No? It must have been much larger then than it is now, either by the absence of the Pacific Ocean, or the addition of the moon; which some astromer aver was thrown out from the earth by volcanic action." Q- Will not men laught at so wild a theory?" A. - "Men laughed at the theory of the old red sand sandstone, at steam, at electricity and the photograph; but where are those laughers now?" The Australian aborigine, however, never dreamed of the age of the world, nor troubled his head about its extent. He thought that it was a great plain bounded by the horizon; and that if one could reach old oceans utmosts, he could either walk down to the shades below, or climb up to the happy hunting clouds on high; and although the tribes were sometimes joined by some depraved white men, there were by no means likely to enlighten them on the subject, nor to inculcate precepts of morality; and yet some of these 'camp followers' had singular and eventful histories of their own. I remember one white man who had murdered wth the blacks for years under the name of "Keyola" which the shepherds abbreviated into " key hole," from whom I had some biographical scraps as follows. "Keyola' is not my name" he said, "neither am I a snob, John Johstone is my proper name, and I have been a sailor man until within the last five years, when I took to the blacks. having got hocussed in a pub- lic house, and lost all courage. I served my time in the English coasting trade, ard have been in almost every navy in the world; re maining in each just as long a time as suited myself and in the Russian service I only re mained one day. I took ' French leave' of the Russians which was expedited by circum stances which did not originate with me, although I might have controlled them to a certain extent. I had arrived in Lima in a very uncomfortable ship, commanded by a man who was the soul and essence of a tyrant, and my comrade 'Johnny Hay' and me, determined to intake a moonlight flitting there. Johny Hay was a singular character, and I believe the handiest man in the world. He had once been a cabinet maker and could either make an anchor or a watch; but was a thief to the very back bone, and would steal anything he could lay his eyes or hands upon. Tall, callow com- plexioned, and round shouldered, with a nose like an eagle's beak; he always glided about as noiselessly as a ghost, and he went by the name of the 'Dooker.' He ascertained that a Russian sloop of war, which lay just out side ot us, was short-handed, and would ship us if we went on board privately and at night, which we did the same evening. It had been pay day withh the Russke's, and what with dollar, black beer, rusk and gin, the galley crually stunk aloud." About midnight the " Dooker" awoke me saying, " Jack go quietly aft and get into the stern boat ! I have all the Russians' dollars in a gunny-bag, and will follow you in the twinkling of a bed post." The Russians were all either drunk or asleep, so I had no trouble in getting into the boat, where the 'Dooker" soon joined me; and we then pulled noiselessly to the shore and made for the suburbs of the city. When we had travelled a few miles into the country, we became apprehensive of a pursuit, and took refuge in a solitary chapel to which the "Dooker" soon obtained en trance by means of skeleton keys; and while I lay on the mat in the sacristy taking some repose he amused himself by prying into every locker and press in the building. At length he returned to me. and said "Jack! I've got a piece of gold which I think we will carry away with us," and thereupon produced a beautiful statuette of the crucific rion. I began to see that I was in bad and dangerous company, and to repent the rash step I had taken. I therefore proposed that we should retrace our steps to Lima; sug gesting that we would be safer in a crowded city than in a pastoral country, an opinion with which my comrade agreed. On enter ing Lima, we met a Jewish money broker, and expressed a desire to exchange silver dollars for gold pieces. I have no doubt the Jew suspected where we got the dollars; but be asked no questions, and soon com plied the transaction; having, however, charged a most exboritant commission. As we were preparing to retire, be said "Is dere anything else dat I can do for you?" My companion hesitated, and then said " we have a bit of gold we wish to dispose of," producing at the sametime the statuette. Never will I for get the expression of the Jew's face when be beheld the gold. Avarice, joy and fear, were all depicted there; but he feigned horror, and uplifting both his hands exclaimed, " Oh mine Got! mine Got ! vat is dish ! Vy did you bring dat here ? we vill be all assimilate; and I daresay it was only lead in the cent- tre after all"! "I will put the cold chisel through it" said the Pooker. "No! No! be exclaimed " dat vill make noise " give it to me"!! and seizing the statuette, he be coned us to follow him into another chamber, where he cut the statuette into three pieces, and found that it was pure gold, and offered us 500 dollars for it. which we at once accep ted and departed. There was a barque lying in the roadstead; the master of which [a great overgrown monster, with a face like the full moon,] had shown some anxiety to get Hay and me into his service, and to his ship we now directed our fright. On entering his cabin, he held up his hands and exclaimed " Good guide us ! the very men I was thinking about! Have you the Russian dollars? " No" replied Hay, but we have gold pieces instead." Then said the skipper "you had better let me plant them for you, as there will surely he a search today; and you can easily con ceal yourselves in that spare stateroom until we sail" which we did. Hay, however, went ashore that night, and returned in the morning with the golden image in three pieces, and most of the dol lars, having actually robbed the Jew, a feat at which our pious skipper laughed immoder ately; averring that it was not only not a sin, hut actually a virtue to rob the Jews, "the Christ killing B----s" as he emphati cally called them, and he concealed the broken statuette with the dollars. Hay emboldened by success tried a venture on the second night also, expecting a similar run of luck; but he never returned, and although we heard next day that a European sailor had been found dead in the street the night previous, the Captain would neither go himself nor let me go to identify the body; and soon after persuaded me that there was a hue cry out after me, and if I did not make my escape at once. be would have to deliver me over to the Alcaide for his own safer. At my urgent entreaty however, he shoved me on board a whaler then draw ing out, and gave the captain a premium which induced him to receive me as an ex- tra hand. From that whaler I landed in Sydney a few months afterwards, poorer than ever I had been in my life before, and convinced that after all "honesty is the best policy;" and that he who gives with the sword always gts with the scabbard. It is beginning to be supposed that Aus tralia never produced the vegetation that forms its coal beds, and it we can conceive that opinion to be true, it would naturally follow that it must have grown on ground, now covered by the Pacific Ocean. and aftet wards drifted into its present position, where it was submitted to vast pressure during the lcacial period, the carboniferous period must iherefore hare been one of vast duration, extending over the whole foral and glacial epochs of geology. In fact peat which is coal compresscd, is deposited so slowly, that the accumulation of ten years is unpercep tible; but if we allow half an inch for that period, and allow for compression the result would be a frightful array of figures for one geological period alone ; and if we were to calculate the time requisite for the deposit of chalk, lime and other strata minutely, it is very questionable whether the Arabic numer als would have power to express the result. The blue slate of Dasseldorf, is composed of the remains of animals so minute, that one grain of sand would cover a hundred and forty thousand of them; and seven eighths of even these must perforce bave gone to decay; leaving a remnant to form a stratum of rock, the age of which is beyond human comprehension, lost! in the depth of a bye gone eternity. Let the reader contrast these facts with some of the startling truths of astronomy let him, when he is bewildered in a rein endeavour to comprehend the incredible distances of the solar planets-let him be told that one stellar world if scooped out hollow would contain the sun and all his planets within it, and afford ample room for their revolution: and be would then see that the highest learning and the greatest scholarship is only ignorance; and that there is a first great ruling influence, call it what you will " Jehovah! Jove! or Lord" from which all things sprang, and to which all shall back return. Let him suppose that space is crowd ed with such worlds he will find it perplexing to consider that space is endless, but far more perplexing to conceive where its boundary can be. It has been introduced as a sort of condi tion against the poor aborigines of Australia that no hero has ever sprung up amongst them - no Toussaut, no Oulie Helelan, no re presentative of Logan the Indian, who com bined eloquence with patriotism, and patriot ism with virtue, and was nevertheless immolated by the whites; but it should be borne in mind that heroes have merely been cunning men, who took advantage of some peculiarity of the time in which they lived. If there had been a stable government in France, we would have had no Napoleon and if King George had not been infatuated, no Washington. But there was too much sameness in the unvaried lives of the abori gines to admit of any successful imposition, and if Mahomet, the most successful ot all impostors, had been one of them, he would not have been accredited as a prophet. It should also be borne in mind that the " pioneers of civilization" thrown in amongst them were convicts, many of whom were smarting from acts of the grossest injustice perpetrated on themselves, and burning to retaliate their wrongs on mankind ; and that, notwithstanding the ferocity of these pio neers, and their antagonism to society, the law and the judges threw their weight into the scale against the poor ill-used aborigine. The police were recruited from the ranks of these pioneers, and at one time actually be came "traps" in society, and they went round the pastoral district in mobs, shearing when it suited themselves, and keeping the squatters in as much awe of them as of the blacks, whom they persecuted most relent lessly. I remember one white savage named Blair, " Paddy Blair," from whom the blacks had stolen a few sheep, and having gone in pur suit of them he fell in with a camp of lubras and infants, whom he mistook for men, and caused the human demons who accompanied him to fire upon them. He then made his breakfast beside the dead bodies of his mur- dered victims, and swallowed his coffee while the poor infants were sucking the breasts of their dead mothers beside him; and finally, to fill up the full measure of his iniquity, he seized the unfortunate infants by the heels, and dashed their brains out against the trees. I know his statement will appear to some too horrible to be true; but the great God of Justice saw these murders, and very speedily avenged them. Blair and his associates, returning from the slaughter of the innocents, having been over taken by a thunder storm, Blair ran for shel ter under a gum tree. "That man,,' said one, " thinks himself doubly cunning, and yet has run for safety into the most danger ous spot he could have selected on the heath," and before the words were well out of his mouth the lightning shivered the tree ateo fragments, and Blair lay beneath, a scorched, blackened, hideous corpse. 'Who can defy the Omnipotent to arms?" and yet be at tempts to do so who wars upon the weak, the helpless, and the unprotected. In fact, if it be true that there are connecting links be tween the lowest and highest of living things, infants are the connecting links between men and angels, and woe unto him who spurns the edict which saith, " come unto me like little children," [To be continued.] (The right of reproduction, and translation is reserved. ) 