THE BRiITISK CAPTIVES IN ABYSSINIA. The interest which wou!d, in ordinary circumstance-, have been excited by th? publication cf a' lihi 1al papers relating to the Abyssinr-:a a3'r, which have bean prin ted in retu-n to the address of the House of 1 Comamonns on the suubject, wil be vastly in creased cbr the ri:inos iust received of the escape of ?e pors out of the hands of the ET'-roc TheoJo-uo. The more recent of t'h con.municatiuna are those addressed to Lcrd Stan!er by persons of enterr .e, r;avi. a knowledge of the country inwheh tie misionfiries are or were hell captive, tc;:-ther with his lordship's replies. Thesngetions and cfirs cf personal service mase oy Captain W. Parker Snow are the most strikinz ~oints of the-a late documents. Captain Snot, relies in a groat degrca on his power of d&?uis:ns himself, :and proposes to eater Abyssinis from the e:st as an Arab. Adverting to his many extraordinarr dealings with the rcs: s e' , race of mankind, he IAys:--"sIt : : u.e erd to r.lats how \---someti=es aas c C _reL t, then a medicine man, next a grave reder of the stars, or a laghing me rr-and r-e, 'a1t alv;avs kind and gtntle as well as Erm-- have got on. rPlar. in; with e tchiL ren, a.niiring the womea (no matter how uziv), an humouring the mes (who are of:-n but ?,?, babes), I have passed scatheles through wild people who, before and after wards (mrst rem:arkabl in two eases, Australia and Tiprra del Fuego , murdered the white men visiting them. A bold, fierce d.ch, vwit no sLador of ti,'idity i1. however, n ee-sar, and they respect It isimpos sibe to give, w thin the space .llowed E?vt'e ot er ,re :ier:::;c:ts of a news paper, snd :ste that conve any thorough and vi.id i,.:ta of the .trange :star involved in these tcrs. The Emaperor Theoyicrus e n:ri utes some cf the most wonderful epi-tes ever ip intel to this varied andiateresting' ass. They are written in the Amharie, and co coure transalted into English, and te' :n?ia-. legin with a mixture of rei:;ion and courtly compliment in this fashioa :-- In the name of the Father, of the Suon. and of the Holy Ghost. one God, amen. :rom t'he servant of our Lord and his created Being, the son of Dv:id, the Son of Si1munc, the Kiing of Kini.s (of Ethiopi:), Theodorus, to her whonm Cod his exalted above all sovereigns and glorifed above all princes and peoples, and made the defender uf the Christian faith, and the succour of the por and ono.ressed, Victoria, Queen of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland." On the 29th of January, 1.S$G, the Em peror thus delivers himself : "IHad the illustrious Hlormuzd iassan, whom Tour i-jesty hs mentioned to us in your letter, not been sent to us about the matter of Cameron anwl others, but the ' lowest of your servants, he would have been received gracicusly by us. We nor. send with Hormuzd i ssam. Cameron and all the other Europeans about whom your 3Mjestr has written. Your 5Ljesty can learn from those who fear the Lord the ill treatment and abuse which we have received at the hands of the above mentioned Europeans and the Copt who called himself Mietropoiltan, he Aboona Salama In my humble position. I am not worthy to address your Majesty, but Illustrious princess and the deep ocean can bear everything. I being hn ignorant Ethiopian, hope that your 'sLjesty will over-look my shortcomings and pardon my faults. The people whoum we have im prisoned for the reviling and defiming us did so because the Galhls had prayed victorious over the royal ehilidren of Israel, and had humbled them, but God has empowered me, the son of one of the humble women of Israel, to re-ain that which has been lost by my forefatLhers. Doubtless your Majesty has learnt how ignorant and blind the people of Ethiopia are, wherefore I beg your Mjes.t not to take amiss the mistakes I may make in my correspondence with you. Counsel me, but do not bhme me. O Queen, whose Majesty God has glorified, and to whom he his given abundance of Tisdomn" The promise so sunbmissivlv made in the fcregoing letter was immediatly afterwards broken, with an aditional flagrant violation of faith. 3Mr Rassam himself-" the illus trious Horamuzd RJasam," as he is called by the Emperor Theod!orus-being, together with his enmpanions, made fe!low- prisoners with 3Mr Cameron and the rest. Mr Fail, the German missionary, writing to the E·rl of Chlredon, points to certain evidence that the Emperor had formed an intention ot keeping Mr Rassama as well as the others in order to get a " kasa," or ron sm from the Queen of England. It was his wish to have skilled artisans sent out to him, "to open his eyes," as he rereatedly said. In a letter to one of his ceer.-, LDeCtaty TEdl, commnrnding tLe detecti n of ti:e Europeenrs .-hsjesty sav ys:-"By the i;:power of God, T. the King of Kings, TLeodorus, a:: welL We have been asn -y with our friends andwiththose Europeanis who s.y we go to our conntry, and we are not .et reconcile, Until w consuit what we are poing to do take hold of themu, bLt do not make them untcomfortable or afraid, and do not hurt them." Afterwari s lcru had ::n rer:.+, thus narrated by vir , l :--" As soon a?: , had approac ed near :is .35 jst e al t.e ceivedi his F:lnt"ia', ". feH! ,sown to the ground a-kina his '.:jcAty to fiurgive and pardon us. We er order:e o get ;',. and to co e ne.:rer. We h::d the hcanour to take a seat ,n a carpet. The King brought forth the rc:ition cf the rlations of the En glish nrisoners, which had hen sent from 3Mssowa: y Dr Ec-e. Capt.in Cameron was asked to rea1 it. After that the King asid, "It is the devil that made me angry with you, "and -=ho t.pted me to destroy the friendly feelir- existin' 0.ee the l:li Mir Plowden toeen mv.:i and England. From my ch?ih,:ol I liked the Europeans, especiahl the English, and Crcl knows that frot m:orning till evening I had no other desire than to get in alliance with the Eu fish nft n. It is toe th:t,'bv the power of God, I will fight t':e Turks, but there never arose a thought in my mind to fight with the English. What I wish is, that they bhall love me and be my friends. Ir Stern, said he, 'vou are quite innocent, it is not you who bu:-ed me, it is that Copt, who .alls himself a monk and a bihop. He made me angry with yoU and he abused me. Ad Mr Flad, God knows I never had any bad feeling against him. He never committed anything that could make me angry with him. And Mr Iassam, you are the best man I ever saw in my life, and you did nothing which could n:make ie angry with you. The other day, it is true, min suspicion arose, but it was the devil, and now we will make peace, forgetting everything past, and by actions of love we witl renew our friendship. Now I pray you all forgive tue.' The King immediately fell down to the ground betfore us- We a.kea that his Majesty might arise and forgive us, but he refused, so we said according to the custom of the counry, ' For God's s:ke we forgive you.' And immediately we kneeled down before him, begging him to forgive us, on which he answered, ' For God's sake I furgive you.' After this ceremony we had to sit down. Then the King said that each of us should write a letter to his relations, and give them the news that his Majaet7 by th power of God, and for the friendtbip's sake of the Queen of England, had pardoned and released us, and we hoped to see and meet them soon. After this we were dismissed. The King now told Mr Iassam that lie wished hini to stay with him until the Queen of England would send him a ' ka.a,' existing in artists, macbhino, tools, Se., for which purpose he should now write iltrers, ad s?end one of the Luropeaus, who would come ba,:k and bring back the M3r Flad was chosen to be the emissary to England fron the Emperor and his captives. lie urged on his 3Iaje&ty; the advice to send 3I. Rassam, but Theodorus was obstinate, .and would have no otler messenger than the one he had first selected. Letters from the Rev. A. Stern to his wife, and other correspondence full of personal narrative, help to fili this blue book, and to : ...e it as interesting as any work of modern ii zicn. Vhile the urisoners were in chains, or s.ho:tly after they had b.en thus secured, they continued to receive letters full of com pli:nment from the i[mperor, one of these missives being as follows:-" In the name of the Father, Son, and Holy Ghost, one God. From God's slave and His created being. the, son of David, the son of Solomon, the King of Kings, T'ccodorus. To my r'iend and coun-elier, the servant of the Queen of England, Hlormnuzd a satm, Esq. \--Iv desire is that you should send to her Mjesty the. tQueen and to obtain for me a man wn- can make cannons and muskets, and one who can smelt iron and an instructor of artiller,. I want those people to come here with their instruments, and everything necessary for their work, and then they shall teach us and return. By the power of God, forward this our request to Eng land." . Dr. Blane, Staff Assistant Surgeon of her IMajesty's Bombay Army, who was attached to the Abssinian mission, and is one of the prisoners, gives a history of the Emperor's career. As Liji Cassai, a young man of good family, nephew to the celebrated Dijas Comfou, it not, as lie asserts, a descendant of the Ethiopian kings, he followed the very common example of Abyssinian feudatory chiefs by throwing off his allegiance to his sovereign. Having finally conquered Abyssinia by subduing the powerful Tigre chief, Dijas Oubie, he was crowned Em peror by the name of Theodorus. His treacherv is thus described by Dr Blane: "I could adduce hundreds of instances to illus trate the utter worthlessness of his most sacred oaths, if a ferw were not suficient to show how vain it is to believe.anything he says. In his cunning he always endeavours to cover his treachery by some paltry excuse. He plundered Dembea because the inhabi tants were too friendly towards the Euro peans, Gondar because on of our messengers had been betrayed by the inhabitants of that city. He likes to shelve the odium of his cruelties on the Europeans or priest where ever it is possible. He destrove. Zagi, a large and populous city, because, he said, a priest had been rude to him. No person is sacred in his eye, however faithful he may have proved. A few months ago he east into chains his adopted father Cantibi I-illo, who, protecting him at the beginning of his career, was the hereditary Chief of Gahinte, last ryear, with the peasantry of his district, utterly destroyed a large invading bodyr of rebels. He was first cajoled and Smade a grandee, but soon after made to feel the evil of too well serving his master; he now lingers in chains, and is occasionally tortured to extort money from him. A few days ago the chief of the Amba, one of the oldest and most fatithfiul servants, has been chained, and all his property confiscated. Hiis brother, Raa, Walde Marian, also one of his first and most trusty followers, is, with Salat t all the Iegeimber C'hiefs, in chains.' Ti:e l te-t direct ne.vs from the prisoners, given ii th'ir own words, is down to the eni of April or beginn.ng of May. One of them sa';s: ' AbvsiCians laugh at us. Speak to any of thuem about the power and greatuess of En .land, they sneeringiy answer, ' Why, thnr. do you pay us tribute? Is it now not on tle road H Has nat 'lad none to fetch it '-' We .:.v seem ungrateful, after all, Sand "ist..ke lthe real motive of all these de lays. I belieie I have guessed it. 'They will acl he killed should troops land,' is pro babi- the song when warlike n:ea-ures are pro:o..l, a,!d t'e tune of those ignorant writers on the sutject who mnay mean well, bat neverth:l;ehl s are the cause much of our misery. Well, let him killuP; we can buat die once. TIn their ignorance Abyssinians Sm::y ,'el contempt of our power, but we shall! certainly not give them the chance to sneer at Enghsh coarage. .We fear not death, but the very thought of his cruelties fiils us with awe, to evado them we will run any risk, Icag ago we made up our minds on the nmatter. All our friends are fully aware of our entire willingness to takse our chance. We h.ve begged and prayed for that moment which will either restore us to our country or end our .,iserable fate." A few days ago a thief got into Mr MIudgee's wine cellar at Albury, and pro ceeed to make arrangements for enjoying hmnrelf. There being neither svphon nor t rstcr to enable him to sample the wines, he removed the chocks from unrder a hogshead, and was rollirg the cask on the bung hole to fiol mome vessal or other, when the inmates of the dwelling on hearing a noise began to stir. The iellow bolted, the cask rolled off the stand, and 'oefore the mischief was known sixty gallons of Shirez had inundated the Ifloor. The thief escaped. 