;;:: :' ?;..';.': TURF GOSSIP. By Beacon. , I -have rarely attended a meeting which was crowned with so decided a success as that lately held at Ballaarat. The success on that occasion .shows how strong is the taste for cross country sports. The stakes all filled well, the attendance was good, and, taking all together, I am warranted in concluding that where the undertaking is properly carried out, its success . can be no mutter of doust. It is not every place that has the ad vantages of Ballarat, or the materials necessary to a successful issue; yet there are other places I am satisfied that might venture on a steeple-chase pro gramme of one day, without any fear of the conse quences. At present Bendigo is the only other district that has confidence enough to follow in the same line as Ballarat. And previous attempts at winter-steeple chasing made by the Bendigonians, have been sufficiently satisfactory to induoe them to continue. I earnestly hope that other clubs hav ing all the requisite ingredients at hand, may also see their way to offering us one day's sport during the coming winter. Where there is a stand and sad dling paddock already erected, the expense beyond the actual stakes need not be very great ; for the fences, if properly erected in the first instance, with a little repair, will last for' years. It is .ne cessary, however, that any club having the project in contemplation, should advertise their programme at. once, otherwise most of the steeplechase and hurdle-race horses will be thrown out of work. The only present inducement to keep them in train ing is the Bendigo meeting next month; and of course it is not to be expected that owners will be at the cost of keeping up horses for the chance of what they may obtain at ono place only. But if Castlemairie or Kynoton, or any other place on a line of railway, having the accommodation for car rying it out, word' 'to make the attempt, I think they would be sufficiently rewarded for their enter prise). The days aro getting shorter, and the num ber of events might be curtailed. Threo or four at the most would bo all that would be necessary; and a club that could not afford to give away a couple of hundred pounds for the day, must bo in a desponding state indeed, especially when they may often have added that amount to one stake only. A handicap steeplechase with a sweepstakes of five sovs, and one hundred sovs added, fol lowed Jby a hurdle-race for seventy-five sovereigns and finishing up with a selling steeplechase of forty sovereigns, oxacting only a small nomination fee, wsuld furnish one day's good sport ; and even supposing the names of the cracks were absent from the list of entries, it would be encouraging to such horses as contended for the maiden and open stooplochaaea at Ballarat. Probably without eorao such opportunity, being, afforded them of again try ing conclusions; they may be turned out, and entirely; lost sight of until, next year. ?, Let us' hope that the .success of : Ballarat . will lead others to follow suit: ; and I: trust that those gentlemen who are' the prime, movers of- sport in other ! clubs , (many of whom I was glad to see numbered amongst the spec tators, last week),, may. ithink sufficiently; well of the suggestion, to give it a trial. . .. s ? .-.??-; . ? ; ? . ;The Maiden Steeplechase, . twelve months ago, was a walkover for; Zanzibar ; consequently every body condemned. - the: wisdom which, added ; good, money to a.; race ! not , productive of sport. But, although a i stake, may sometimes: fall .through from force:. ot circumstances, it ;is by no meansja reason that itshonld be.expuriged from the.card altogether. If, therefore, last year it ;was a failure,; this: year resulted in a magnificent race .;?; and being confined to maiden horses, drew no less , than six good ser-. viceablo horses to -the : post, tall of which we may jhope.to see: ; sweUing the list, on future occasions. Where it can .be afforded, I'.think a iweight for ? age steeplechase should always form a portion of the programme ; for it is a.geod . opportunity, of obtain ing a trial, and as each is in the dark as to the merits of the other, none are kept away from the fear of meeting a superior. There is very little danger of finding a first-class horse, amongst the Maiden. Steeplechase ranks : for, if he has proved himself to be an out and outer, he will at once make 'bis --debut in the grand event of the occasion, where money can be won in good round sums. For in istaiice, 'take Kangaroo* whose friends would have ?laughed at the idea of simply winning a sixty poundmaiden stoeplechase; because they would not have got more than two to one against their horse ; whereas, for the Grand National, they could get in ] one-day a thousand pounds to siity sovs, and could ,stand to, win 'altogether .fully, two thousand pounds; Therefore, with this opportunity, it is seldom that any very superior animal will be found amongst the' maidens (I do not allude to the flat); thence it should always be an inviting race to the. owners of un known horses. Mr Tozer seems to me to be a very sound judge, and to make as few mistakes as any I know now racing up-country. His purchase -of Mariner has had the happiest results. If not of the first class, his stock are nevertheless good, use ful animals. Magnet, the winner of the Maiden Steeplechase, is a specimen. The style he won in stamps him a coming horse, and no doubt he will take his place amongst the regulars next year. Echo and Topper are two fine framed horses, both up to weight, splendid fencers, and with a fair share of foot. Pondon is another ; and Idleboy will yet be seen to more advantage; Topthome did riot altogether please me, but he looked only half pre pared. The best of the lot for ? steeplechase purposes T take to be Magnet and Idleboy; while Echo and Topper would be my selection for hunters. These two, with Sir Walter, the hurdle- rdcer, arid Nhnblefoot, were, recently imported from Tasmania. While they can breed such as these, our friends on the other side will always be dangerous rivals on the board of green turf. In my prophecies the week before last I find I was not very far wrong. My first was for the [Selling Hurdle race, for which I gave my preference to'Vnlentine.who ran second to Surprise in a field of nine. How he could sus tain a defeat from Surprise* with 9 st 1 lb on his back, arid beat a splendid field the following day with 9 sb 5 lb, is one of the anomalies of horse racing; but I am told his success on the second day is to be attributed to his being run without shaes. Had the same tactics been tried the first day he must have; won. For the Grand National 1 was a very staunch 'supporter of Ingleside, and the same judgment which led me to select him will generally be my guide in cross country bouts. Ingleside has shown us before, and many a time too, that he is a brilliant fencer. He rareiy strikes a fence, and still more rarely falls. . He had proved himself to be fast, and capable of carrying a fair weight. Is it riot bettor to stand by such a horse, rather than place your trust on a novice, lika the unfortunate Kangaroo ? Many say Ingleside would not have won had either Cadger or Kangaroo stood up. Very probably not, but it is that very standing up which has all to do with steeple chasing. Twenty eight ' fences, including walls, brooks, &c;, inter sected With lanes, require that the first quality in a steeplechase horse should be his standing up. This my favorite did, whereas Kangaroo fell a cropper in the first round, and at the sixth fence ; and Cadger, who also has great pace, was placed hors da combat at the same fence in-the succeeding found,- Ingleside being the only one capable of getting safely over the country. Of Laurel I said ' I question his jumping properties.' He refused the very first obstacle, which he never got over, leaving his backers without one ghost of a chance of getting any return for either their care or faith. Western, I observed, was out of place, and that the distance would beat Stranger, who only got as far as the fifth fence,; where he stopped, declining all Dalrymple's persuasion to jump into the road. I confess I was not prepared for this,' his honesty being supposed to be his greatest recommendation. Babbler I had great hopes of, and why he did not go for this event is another enigma. Had he done so he would have made it very warm for the Ingleside division, between whom and himself would the race have lain. His being taken to Ballarat, and then scratched the day before the.race, after being backed by numbers to win, is not gracefully ro eeived ; and the sore is kept farther from healing by : his winning the open handicap on the Saturday, and carrying 11 st, or 16 lb more than he was allotted in the chief event. I always regret when I am oompelled to allude to these things, but I am bound to say this late scratch ixxg, aftortho horso had been so freely backed, savors very much of a reckless disregard of conse quences, and of what people may say or think. He v_- ? J U?w.nAlf irt lia nrta f\f t.VlA hpfcf. flftV.QRR in the land, and able to hold his own with any, and had he started he could not have failed in obtaining first or second place. For the hurdle race on tho second day I went in for Sir Walter, Laurel, or Yorkshiroman, and preferred them in that order, and I have not al tered my opinion. At the same weights I should again so place them on the. Melbourne course. Sir Walter ought to have won easily, had not his rider so madly rushed him to the front, and at the hurdles under the hill the pace threw him down. He ou'ht not to have come till the distance was reached. If °his jockey was riding to orders, they were most unwisely given : if he did it of his own accord, it displayed a great want of judgment and patience two requisites which many would do well to study if they want to excel in their own line. Laurel- ran unkindly, not as he did in Melbourne : ho seems : to haw a voxy perverse temper, of his . own. Still he must l\9t bo overlooked in hurdle races, though over a country I shall never ? follow him unless it may. be to hounds. Old Yqrkshirenian was good enough to have won in the. absence of Sir Walter, but he was curried 'round a 'leap, by Lady Clare, and although he recovered 'an immense, deal of- lost ground it lost him; his very, good chance of the race. Valentine inay thank these mishaps for his victory ; and although I alloW he is a very good little horso, Ijmaintainhe could neverhave won that race, whether his shoes were; either on or off, but. for the accidents alluded to. The trotting race was not particularly interesting, but I am inclined to think the pinner is a very good mare. . The distance she got in the start was immense ; and her worst opponent, Sir. William Don, ap peared to trot unkindly after the false start.'. The others call for little comment, except that Magic did not seem so much at home in saddle as in a sulky.. The open steeplechase wound up the sports, Bab bler winning .' as he liked, Idlsboy running much better than on the previous day; while Magnet and Western looked very much the worse for then1 ex ertions. Ninepins, was too fleshy, and the clever . Pondsn came to grief* I must not, however, lay aside my pen without congratulating the two plucky gentlemen riders who figured so prominently in the race. Mr Pearson first, and Mr Gordon se cond, is a most gratifying result, and every credit is due to those gentleman for the game and deter mined manner in which they piloted their steeds. It was resolutely contested throughout, and but for the unlucky casualty to Cadger would have been a desperate finish, from which I feel well assured neither the one nor the other would have flinched. 