TIREEAT1'.ll T OF 1 EMIGRall.TS iN NE IV YORK. [FIROM THIE NEW YOnK TRIBUNE.] The emigrant, on leaving the side of the t emigrant ship lying in the stream, after she has passed the perils of quarantine, is taken on board of a barge or tug, with I his trunks, bedding, clothing, bottles, parcels, and old rubbish of all kinds, and from thence transported to the. water gate of Castle Garden. On arriving there lihe is relieved of his trunks and baggage. which is stowed away carefully in racks, and numbered in a corresponding fashion with the number placed opposite the emigrant's name in the registrar, where his baptismal alpellation, surname, birth place, age, occupation and future destina lion, are registered for future reference. The boxes and trunks are kept in a long covered way, wlhioh makes half the circle of'the garden, and affords ample food for reflection. Here there are boxes of nill shapes and sizes, tin boxes, wooden boxes, metal boxes, boxes of oak and pine, of cedar, rosewood and mahogony, oblong and square. Some large as the camp chests of i"'Clellan on the Peninsula, others fit to hold the title deeds or regalia of an empire. The eastern sideof the Castle is devoted to the baggage of emi. grants going out of the city, and when they arrive at Buffalo, Chicago, St. Louis, Boston or Cincinnati, they find there their baggageo ready for them as soon as they have satistiad the ehiitgos upon the freight. Thii English speaking emigrants are registered first, and then the Germans. After being regi'esthecd, which takes a long time, thoe emigrants are driven into the bull pen to anvit further disposition. Lavatories, or plee~ for washing, are located around the Castle-large, gloomy-looking places, cal culated to keeop before the eyes of the emigrant the hold or steorageo of the ship from which hlie has just debarked. Washing or cleanliness is not enforced upon the emigrants, and the hugo blocks of soap, and the, damp, wet floor.of the washing rooms present a very black and disconsolate aspect. Around thoevalls of the bull pen are scattered huge maps of the States and Territories. admirably'cal culated to impress upon .the minus of foreigners the great siae and.extent of Uncle Sam's dominions. The walls of this filthy .house resounded with the clash of muskets, drums and swords of the old Regular army, and afterwards to the glorious warbliags of the peer less Jenny Lind, to the dolictous strains of Catherino Hayes, and to the crash of Jullien's horns and instruments, for here were given the monster con certs of this great artist when at his prime, Well, to.day it would make Jenny Lind sick to look down from one of the galleries' where. thousands used ito sit entranoed listening to her Norma, and behold her own countrymen and women from far-off Upsala and Stockholm, herded together liko.sheep in a July sun: The ghost of the great Jullion would hot allow its white-glored ;fingers .to rest upon polluted lintel or door jam for fear of contamination.. .Large bhl.ue-bottle flies haunt the -seams of. the plaunking in the floor of the bull pen, sucking and feasting on theo. corruption. ,A 'thousand. persons, have often been" conflnod in this worse than black hole of Calcutta, while at other: times not a score of emigrants are present. It is an erronoous improssion:,that the emigrants from northern countries surplass in eleanliness those fromthemore southern climes., 'The .' Swedes, Germans, hhd. Russians are, very contrary to:'goneral expectation; the Irish and Freonh com pare favorably with other raceis in clean linoess, and surpass themn:in lighthearted ness.and a disposition to- bear up under hardships. The Welch emigrants 'are nearly all; consigned ito' the embraces of the Mormon chiefs ofUtah.?Tle 'spoci-' mens of Welch emigrants who weore heie, bound for. Salt' Lake, and tlid miners and mill spinnors from some of the' rural districts of England, droe terribly dirty and ignorant. Great numbers of the Eniglish emigrants havi little or no knowledge of the Creator or of iany rei venled form of religion. The ignoranco and brutality of the lower class of the English emigrants is astoinding, and would be deemed- incredible by hin who knows nothing of tihe facts presented. Here is'a group of Irish emigrants sitting upon their 'household Lares alnd Penataes. There are three little girls, ranging from three to ten years of age, a motherly look* ing woman of fifty, and a boy of fiftoen. The family are dressed comfortably and rather cleanly.' The mother is crying quietly ; the smallest girl has caught the. infection from, the old woman,' and: is buryifig her tiny knuckles .in'her dyci' with great determinati6n, while, the'boy stares stedfastly. at the'ceiling, and koeeps his mouth wide open ias a comhidn tho roughfaro for the nasty thi 4t flies infest thli bull pen: An ancliinitised'frifend?, 'th it rowdy look; is talking to tihe old lady and ondeavouring to'nniko her feel comnforta ble, but she will riot' be comforted. She has left the hills of far-ofl' Tipperary at the bidding of a faithful'son,' who resides in-" some' place"' in" -lMilies: Sit-y,"-.as the old lady oxprodees it;hbut she has lost tihe address, and fosgets' the namo'of the precise locality. "Can't ye remember the name' of the placo'at all, at all. Biddy'"' says her comforter. " Ties devila bitnme knows. Jamesy tonld me in 'thd letthetr that there was a gnreatdale of wnther near his place. Is thore, much 'wathor "in iIissus Sury P " Will ye stop'yes bellow. ing there, MollyP?" Is it in 1?oosssury y manio P Shuro, it's full bf wather and hnakes."' " And sire the shnskes' alive, Tim P" "Yis, Biddy; and kicking; too." " Well, I wish "Inever had left Nenagh in onld Tipperary," ''said' the old lady; " for whin I'm out hbre khure, "Andy; that I. thought 'd boesome use to me,' is no more than' an 'namnadhun," .piuint to hot son, who still Iepthis monuth'ope' for tihe admissiohi of flis. There is an hospital attanbhed to the Castle Gnr.leon Depot. situated on Ward's Island. Ward's Island is 100 acres in extlent, and asnout 12,000 dol. w-orthl of proluce is raisdiu annually on the island by patients. T'lere is an attendant plhysicicin at the eastle, an apothlccary's shop. Cias('s of fi'er and cholera are instantly carried without Ito the hospital for treatmenlt. Twlo hillion anid na half of emiranis Ihavure passed throughi Cstle Garden during tle i st ten yenrs,' ringing with thIren an nr e, rage of 10 dol. pcr .hlcd. This Samounts in the grose eggrregaut ti one --hundred--nnd- twenty-flve mil lions of dole. During the year 18dU, 233.,81 persons arrived at Castle Garden, bringing with them 203,23. pieces of bnoggge. Of this number 100,716 were frou Germany, 68,074 ' from Ireland, 1l.S18G from England, .979 from Scotland, 3607 from Sweden, 8685 from Switzer land, 3246 from France, Denmark 1526. and Holland 1500. The remainder wore front seventeen dififrent countries. The states most favoused by the emigrants on leaving Castle Garden are New York, Illinois, Pennsylvania, Wisconsin, Ohio and Massanchuetts. The Germans go to Pennsylvanian, Ohio, Illinois and Wis consin 1, the Irish go to New York Massachnsotts, . Connecticut and New Jerseyt. the Swedes to Delaware, the English to New York and "Pennselvania, the Scotch to New York and Illinois, and the French to New York, Louisiana, Canada. The greatest number of vessels leave the ports of Europe in the following order :-Liverpool, ]remen,- London. Hamburg, Glasgow, Hesse, Antwerp and Londonderry. Formerly the Irishprepon derated, nov"' the Germans have the as cendancy in the proportion of one hundred to sixty. The Commissioners of Emigration have oficers in every city in the State of New York for the old and protection of emigrants, There is attached to the CastleoGarden depot an office for the employment of emigrant girls who desire to procure pituations as helps in families. Theo room devoted to this purpose is located at the north-east corner of the Castle Garden. Tho room is oblong, about fifty feet in length, and twenty-five feet in width, with seats arranged with an anile in thO'mi'ddl like a church, and a desk railed in Where a pulpit would bo.in a church, behind which sits a gentlemen oftlhe Teutonic persuasion, in a mixed pepper-anid-salt suit, to answer questions. Hero .it is the custom for persons who depire to get a great deal of work'for very little mdfey to apply for servant " gals," as the policeman at the door terms the private help. Any girl who has just landed at this port can obtain a situation by waiting 'at this place and submitting -her person to inspection to those who nmr desire female help. HTaing pro "cried 'a place and entered the service of li*e 'cmpl6yer,' sho may, if she dislikes the remuneration' or work, inform tile .Cbtinissioner of her wish' to' leave . her situation, nndthe privilege is acorded to her of returning to the Employment Agency, at the Garden, as often as she changes her mind during the space of twelve "calender months from the time she landed on the shores of the New World. The large majority of those girls who seek employment are indus. trious, clean and honest before being de 'fled by the filth and contamination of the great' c it.' Some of thlse are, however, very giddy, thoughtless, fond of: dress, gaudy dcloirs, 'and easily led away by soft and honeyed words ; may have to encounter 'two great dangers, which shall be specified. Out off from homo and parental teaching, set adrift in a strange land,it is acommon occurrence with them to obtain employment in familiesi when designingscoundrels employ every art and influendc of money and circumstance to seduce and 'destroy them. The other danger is from the emigrant boarding house-keepers, who' haunt 'thd" Castol Garden "depot like' evil spirits to entice any fish that may be entangled in their nets. Nominally these birds'ofprey are supposed to be deprived of any power to further their ends; but this is altogether a mistake, as the calendar of crime in our courts; and thl catalogue of wretched women'ih thioso dons of infamyinfosting the city will show; biut a majority'of the girls are poor emigrants; driven tp des perite courses by the'circumstances they aro-ilaeod int after leraing Castle Garden. ,, , - , I, . . . _- , . . 