DRAPER, MEMORIAL CHURCH. It has long been felt desirable and necessary that there should be a second Wesleyan chapel in South Adelaide, and accordingly it has been determined to erect one in Gilbert-street on the site of the old Wesleyan School, and the proposed building will bear the name of the Rev. D. J. Draper, who lost his life by the foundering of the ship London on her voyage to Australia. It was arranged that the foundation stone of the edifice should be laid on Tuesday, October 15, and accordingly a large number of persons assembled to witness the ceremony, although the weather was rather wet and cold. There was a good attendance of ministers of the Wesleyan Church, from the neighboring and country circuits. At 5 o'clock the proceedings commenced by singing a hymn, after which the Rev. Mr. Flockart engaged in prayer. A second hymn was then sung, and the; Rev. A. Rigg read the 132nd Psalm. The Rev. J. G. Millard then stated that the bottle which would be desposited beneath the stone, contained a copy of the minutes of the Conference; a copy of the South Australian Wesleyan Magazine, with a copy of the Cir- cuit plan; also copies of two daily newspapers, and a parchment bearing the following words : " The foundation-stone of this house, intended for the public worship of Almighty God after the forms and ceremonies of the Wesleyan Methodist Church was laid by John Colton, Esq., M.P., on the 15th day of October, 1867, being the 30th year of the reign of Her most gracious Maj- esty Queen Victoria, Sir Dominick Daly being Governor of the province; the Rev. H. H. Gaud, President of the Australasian Wesleyan Metho- dist Conference; the Rev. John Watsford, Chairman of the South Australian District; Revs. J. G. Millard and A. Rigg, ministers of the Adelaide First Circuit; John Colton and James Scott, Esqs., Circuit Stewards; James Cumming, Esq.,: architect;; W. Bundey, Esq., contractor ; and Messrs. J. Colton, J.Scott, L. Roach, H. Goss, W. Collins, W. Johns, W. G. Coombs, W. Scott, H. Codd, M. Kingsborough, W. Richards, J. C. Mann, J. D. Bone, P. Fox, J. Dungey, A. Thompson, R. E. Tapley, F . H. Faulding, E. Pearce, J. Langsford, J. Broad, W. Thomas, J. D. Hill, J. Lloyd, G. W. Cotton, W. Stacey, J. Greer, W. Pengelly,; and A. Dobbie, Trustees and Building Committee. This building is to be designated ' The Draper Memorial Church,' in memory of the Rev. Daniel J. Draper, formerly Chairman of this District, whose useful ministry, genial disposi- tion, enlightened attachment to Methodism, and most able management of its affairs, greatly endeared him to our people, among whom his name will long be remembered with love and veneration. On the 11th of January, 1866, when returning from England to Australia, where he had labored for 30 years, he, with his excellent wife and upwards of 200 fellow - pas- sengers, sank into a watery grave by the foundering of the ship London in the Bay of Biscay.—He magnified Christ both in life and death." Mr. Millard remarked that but for the coarse- ness of the weather the Architect would have exhibited a handsome drawing of the proposed building, but the working drawings might be inspected in the schoolroom. Then addressing Mr. J. Colton, M.P., he said—Mr. Colton, permit me, Sir, in the name of the Trustees and Building Committee of this edifice to present you with this very handsome trowel, and also in the name of Mr. Bundey, with this elegant mallet, and now to ask you on this very inte- resting occasion, to proceed with these two in- struments, to lay the foundation stone of the Draper Memorial Church, The trowel was elegantly worked in silver, with an ivory handle, and bore the following inscription:—"Presented to J. Colton, Esq., M.P., on the occasion of his laying the founda- tion-stone of the Draper Memorial Church, Adelaide, 15th October, 1867." Mr: Colton, M.P., then proceeded' to lay the stone, which having been duly adjusted, Mr. Colton said—" Having examined this stone, and finding it perfectly level, I now declare it laid, in the name of the Father, of the Son, and of the Holy Ghost, and may the Trinity, the blessed Trinity, bless this undertaking." Then mounting the stone, he delivered an address, although speaking under great disadvan- tages, as rain fell throughout his speech,. He said he was very sorry that that was such an inauspicious afternoon, but he was exceedingly pleased to find so much real interest evinced in this undertaking as was shown by the large attendance. He could not permit that opportunity, fraught as it was with so much of interest, to pass without making a few remarks, although he promised them they should be but few. He was grati- fied that this interesting ceremony had fallen to his lot, because having been identified with the rise and progress of Methodism in this city for more than a quarter of a century he felt that this was to him a red letter day, and one which would never be forgotton as long as he lived. He however felt a special pleasure that he had the honor of laying the foundation-stone, because of his long I and intimate acquaintance with the honored man whose name this building would commemorate. Many suggestions had been made as to what would be the most fitting manner to commemorate that great and good man's end—his life and his noble death—but if they could draw aside the veil and were permitted to consult their departed minister and friend, the late Rev. D. J. Draper, who labored in this city nine years, and here spent nine years of the very best days of his ministry, he was sure if they were permitted thus to consult him as to.the character of the monument to be erected, his own sentiments would be in accord- ance with theirs in the erection of that place of worship. He believed that nothing which they could do would be more in harmony with his views and feelings than the erection of this Church to commemorate his labors and his heroic death. If that good man's sainted spirit was now hovering over them he believed the joy which he would feel would be intensified by this additional evidence of the progress of the cause; of the Redeemer in this city in connec- tion with their Church. He therefore repeated that he felt greatly honored in having the foun- dation stone of a building which would commemorate the life and death of one whom all esteemed, and who was a great blessing in laying the foundation of their Church in this city firm and sure. He would now just say a word or two before he gave place to Mr. Watsford, as to the reasons which had led the trustees and friends to commence this erection. For many years their place in Pirie-street had been too strait for them, large and commodious as that was, and this erection had been talked of for many years, but they had hot been able to see their way perfectly clear to commence it, as so many other enterprises had been made necessary in the Church's onward progress. This had had to give way to other movements. When the Chapel Stewards found that Pirie- street did not give sufficient accommodation for the earnest worshippers who wished to meet with them, the thought occurred to them that they should erect another church, and Kent Town and the laee where they were now standing were sug- gested. Kent Town, however, was first, and consequently that church had first to be built. It was thought that that church would so re- lieve the congregation of Pirie- street that it would not be needful to make further accom- modation for a considerable time, but they found out— and, they were pleased with the result—that notwithstanding the Kent Town Church, the Pirie-street Church was soon as crowded as before, and consequently they had decided to commence this structure, in order that they might again drain the centre of many persons who were anxious to worship with them. He then appealed to them, young and old, to sympathise with the efforts of the stewards and trustees, and assist them by their co-operation, their subscriptions, and their prayers. Already they had the beginning of a church there; for a flourishing school met there every Sunday, and a Society held its meetings from week to week. The building would be a very beautiful one, worthy of the Wesleyan Church, and worthy of the man whose name it would bear. He asked them to assist in putting up a good and respectable church, and one which would be a credit for years to come to that part of the city. He asked them for their sympathies and their prayers, and last, though not least, for their money also, for they could not get on with- out money. He asked them all to do what they could, and he appealed to the young people pre- sent to lay their gifts upon the stone. He then, addressing Mr. Millard, said he received the trowel and mallet with great pleasure. The trowel was a very beautiful one, and he wished the rev. gentleman to convey to his brother trustees his high appreciation of their gift. He should very highly value it as long as he lived, and it should be handed down to his family as a heirloom. He had never been engaged in an undertaking of this sort which had been unsuccessful, and therefore he entered upon this one with the greatest confidence that it would be successful, for he was sure they were doing right, and that they had the sanction of Heaven to their work. (Cheers.) The Rev. John Watsford, Chairman of the District, then mounted the stone and spoke. He said he should not detain them long, for Mr. Millard had said they must have a good collection, and as two showers had gone over, he wanted the collection to be made before the third came. (Laughter.) He rejoiced in this work, because he believed they were building a Wesleyan church where one was very much needed, and because they were building a beau- tiful house, where the great and glorious truths which they as Wesleyan Methodists loved to hear, would be declared. They all knew what truths would be preached and taught there. Some persons thought this a defect in their system, and deplored that their ministers were not left free and unshackled, as they termed it, to advance with the age, receiving fresh light and altering their views. They held, however, that all that was new in theology touching the fundamental truths of Christianity was false. (Hear, hear.). They held that Christianity, like its great Master, was the same yesterday, to-day, and for ever. There was the Trinity and Unity —the one God and three persons, the three persons and one God—the Undivided Three, the mysterious One. Surely no light could be imported to change that great doctrine. There was also original sin. Man—guilty, fallen, and undone. No further light could make it appear that man was not helpless and ruined; Then there was redemption by their Lord and Saviour Jesus. Christ— man redeemed by the precious blood of the Lord and Saviour; and no fresh light could ever make it appear that He was not wounded for our transgressions and bruised for our iniquities ; that the chas- tisement of our peace was not upon that, and that by His stripes we are not healed. There was the witness of the Spirit, and the renewal and sanctification of the soul. These truths they held would be the same for ever, and they insisted upon their ministers preaching these truths. There was no difficulty in getting a minister out of their pulpits if he did not. If a Wesleyan minister taught these truths they said, " Come with us and teach;" but if not they said " Go somewhere else, we cannot bid you cope with us unless you hold these great fundamental truths of Christianity." He need not say that there was no fear of Popery being preached there—(cheers)—or Puseyism, or Ra- tionalism—(hear, hear)—or fear of anything being preached there which was contrary to the glorious Gospel of their blessed God. Let a Methodist preacher come from where he liked, and they came from all quarters—from England, Ireland, Scotland, Canada, the United States, or the colonies—and they knew that he would preach the great truths which they had long heard and experienced. He would say a word, about the Draper Memorial Church. Let not their young friends think that they were worshipping saints. He was sure they were not erecting this house to worship their dear friend, Mr. Draper. They glorified God in that great and good man— in his holy and successful life, and in his triumphant death, and they presented this building as a thank-offering to God for giving them such a man, and for affording the grace which sustained him in the dying and the trying hour. No fitter memorial could be raised than a house of prayer where the glorious truths of the Gospel might be proclaimed. No other man in the colonies was more successful in chapel and church building than Mr. Draper, and in building a church to the glory of God, and calling it the Draper Memorial Church, might God grant that many hundreds of per- sons might be converted to God thereby. He concluded by appealing to them all for their pecuniary assistance, and requesting them to lay their offerings on the stone. The Rev. Mr. MlLLARD said the contract was taken for £4,200. A few months ago, at a meet- ing of pewholders, a sum of £1,050 was pro- mised, and he read a list of promises, which he said was equivalent to money placed on the stone, amounting in all to £82 15s. . Mr. COLTON said he had omitted to thank the contractor, Mr.' Bundey, for the beautiful mallet. He should, treasure it long as a memento of that day's proceedings. Offerings to a considerable amount were then placed upon the stone, and after singing and prayer the interesting proceedings terminated. The Church will be built of Glen Osmond stone, with stone dressings. The interior is 83 x 48 1/2 feet, and the height from floor to ceiling will be 28 feet. The height of the roof from the ground level is to be 49 feet, and the spire in front of the church will rise to a height of 120 feet. There will be accommodation for 576 adults, exclusive of two small galleries on either side of the spire, for the use of the Sunday school children. Mr. James Cumming is the architect, and Mr. Wm. Bundey the contractor, and it is expected the church will be completed in about 14 months. 