BAIL WAY PARRS ANDBAILWAY MANAGEMENT. t TO TH I KDITOB Or THB IMPI1K. W Bir,-I -waa up tho country a lew miles wnen tue general impression was that tho, fares on tho railway would be reduced ; but, hearing and seeing nothing to that effect, I eoncludo it will take another twelve months bofore the Minister for Works or the Govern* mont are convinced of tho insano policy they are pur- suing towards the public. The Government tax the publia to make a railway, and then refuse the publio to ! ride, by charging such prices as they are unable and unwilling to pay. What a confession for a Ministor to make, «hen asked for tho returns of one month October, 1865 and I860-thnt there was more than one - thousand pounds less in 1866 than in 1865, or, say, twelve thousand pounds a year ! And yet, with these facts before him, ho still clings to the forlorn hope of 'high fares to pay. I should think he must be largely interested in the boats running to Parramatta, as they 'take three times tho number of passengers thoy did. If a private person in business were to lose £500 a .year by charging double the price of his goods that ho .did tho year before, I think no ghost neod tell him to rgo back to the old system. I was one of those simple people that tboght the duty of Government was to .make laws for the happiness of the many. Instoad of that, I find it is for tho fow. Give a man £1000 a year ?from tho public monoy, and he cannot seo an error at all ; for nono aro so blind ns thoso that will not see. I ?.was in the'neighbourhood of Liverpool, and I find business men rido to Parramatta on horseback, and .then take the steamer. ThÏB, they say, is n deal cheaper -than the rail. The public of New South Wales are not .quite so green as the Government take them to bo, to i pay Ss. 4d. from Parramatta, when they can go tho -distance.for ls. 6d., Parties who used to come to -Sydney every week now come only when they are obliged; lt is-doing no good to Sydney; and tho -country people send their goods, instoad of bringing thom. In England it is found that the reduction of tho fares increases the traffic. I think they might try this ' ByBtem hore with adrantsgo to all parties, instead of putting on twopence or threepence a gallon moro on .zum to make up tbe~aeficiency. Thoro is an omnibus runs to Burwood at ISBS than railway faro, and'two .moro ran to Irishtown and Bark Huts at a ponny a .mile. To the railway managers 1 should say, Do thou likewise. . ? ' I remain,-yours respectfully, A TBAVELLER. 