HOUSE OF ASSEMBLY. Wednesday, July 24 The Speaker took the Chair at a quarter to 2 o'clock. PETITIONS. Mr. DUNN presented a petition from 679 persons, praying that the gradients of the South east main road I -etwee II Glen Osmond and Craters : should be itnpiovcd by means of a Bum of money to be granted for the purpose. J Received aud read. I POET WAKEFIELD TRAMWAY. I Mr. BRIGHT asked the Coinmissionerof Public I Works whether his attention had been called to j the way that the contractor for the Port Wakefield | Tramway was carrying out the work, lie had received a letter from a constituent, stating that on the 19th iust. only one man anil a boy, with the Engineer in charge, was to be seen on the works. The COMMISSIONER of PUBLIC WORKS (Hon. P. Santo) regretted to say that Contract No. 1 for the_ Port Wakefield Tramway was being carried on in a very nusatisfactoiy manner. Every thing that could he done consistent with the contract had been done by the Government to press on the work, and as soon as possible they intended to take it out of the contractor's hands. PORT WAKEFIELD IMPROVEMENTS. Mr. BRIGHT asked the Commissioner of Public Works when the deepening operations at Port I Wakefield were likely to be commenced. Tenders for the works had been called for the Sth July, but no progress had yet been made. He asked the question at the request of residents, who had repre sented the urgency of the matter. The COMMISSIONER of PUBLIC WORKS (Hon. P. Santo) said the work would be proceeded with without delay. A tender bad been accepted for the work, and the tenders returned to the Marine Board to take action in the matter. DESITUTE BOARD RETURNS. Mr. CARR moved that the House at its rising adjourn until 2 o'clock next day, in order that he might, through the Treasurer, call che attention of the Chief Secretary to some circumstances in the administration of outdoor relief by the Desti- tute Board. Until recently the rations had been given by the country storekeepers, under the direction and control of the District Councils, but lately they had been supplied by tender. The tenders had been accepted by the District Councils, but no samples had been required of the articles to be supplied. The consequence in some places was that these poor people were fearfully im posed upon. A storekeeper got the contract at a low price, and made it pay by supplying very inferior articles—sugar of the coarsest description. certainly not fit for invalids - and those who received outdoor relief were invalids in three cases out of four—and other articles almost unfit for use. And t hen the successful tenderer some times lived miles away, and these poor people had to salt their rations, such as they were. The case of two poor persons residing in his own neighbourhood had been brought before him. The woman had been ill and unable wait on herself many years; the man was old, infirm, and unable .to work. They had one ration for the two, and as part of this one ration, instead of getting a pound or two of meat as they wanted it and as they used to do, 12 lbs. of fore quarter of sheep—which, according to all appearance, never felt the butcher's knife—(a langh)—was brought to them, and they must salt this or do as best they could. And yet these, and indeed the great majority of those who received outdoor relief, were of the best class of their destitute poor, who had the good old English horror of the workhouse, and would suffer almost any privation rather than go into the Destitute Asylum. (Hear, hear.) His opinion was that either the old system should have been retained, or else have the new system with samples and supervision; but if tills new plan of giving to the most destitute and deserving of their , poor meat fit only for dogs, sugar nearly or quite as bad as that supplied for rations to the aborigines, and soap—half soap and half water—if this plan was the first-fruits of the new management of the Destitute Board, surely the old was better. Air. COGLIN seconded the motion, and hoped the Government would take the subject iuto their serious consideration. He knew as an undeniable fact that the provisions supplied to the poor was nothing like liaif so good as were obtained in Adelaide. The Government ought also to watch with a scrutinizing ctve the persons introduced into the Asylum. One inebriated woman had applied to him to get her in after she had left the Asylum, and lie refused to do so. He hoped such disrepu table characters would be exdudeiL I The TREASURER (Hon. T. Reynolds) re- 1 marked that the department was under the Chief I Secretary's directions, so that lie was not prepared to statej at once what the facts were; but the attention of the Destitute Board could be called to the subject by the remarks of the lion, member, and he would make enquiries into it. The motion was negatived. iVnccrr THE POST-OFFICE PLANS. Air. EVERARD asked the Commissioner of Public Works if he would lay on the table the plans and specifications for the new Post-Office buildings. He asked the question as he observed that alterations were now going on in the founda tions of the Post-Office in contravention of the statement of the Hon. Commissioner the other day. The COMMISSIONER of PUBLIC WORKS (Hon. P. Santo) was quite unaware that any altera tion was being made in the foundations. The plans of the foundations and of the first tl >or could be laid oh the Library table immediately, aud also the plan of the skeleton elevation. Next day or the day after lie hoped to be able to lay the finished elevations on the table. SPECIAL MAGISTRATE FOR THE NORTHERN DISTRICT. Mr. COGLIN asked the Treasurer whether there had been any application received for the post of Stipendiary Alagistrate to be created m the Northern District, and by whom the application had been recommended. The TREASURER (Hon. T. Reynolds) said there were a large number of applicants for any vacancy of that kind, but nothing had been done in the matter. MAGISTRATE FOR STREAKY BAY. Air. COGLIN asked the Treasurer "whether it is the intention of the Government to appoiut a Stipendiary Alagistrate for the township of ] Streaky Bay, as prayed for by Petition No. 34." (Faper No. 34. House No. 21.) The ATTORNEY-GENERAL (Hon. R. B. Andrews) said this subject had before been dis- ] cussed, and the reply of the Government would j probably be anticipated by the hon. member. Tile formal reply was as follows:—"The Government do not inteud at present to appoint a Stipendiary Magistrate, but it is the intention to appoint a Special Magistrate, who may hold a Court of | Limited Jurisdiction. , GOVERNAiENT OFFICERS AT POLITICAL] MEETINGS. Mr. COGLIN withdrew the following notice, stating that the question had been answered— "That he will ask the Attorney-General (Air. Andrews) whether it is the intention of the Government to allow officers of the Crown to attend political meeting-', thereby infringing a resolution passed by tins House." PAPER. The TREASURER (Hon. T. Reynolds) laid , on the table circular relating to telegraphic com- j munication between the colonies aud Great j Britain. Ordered to he printed. FINANCIAL DOCUMENTS. The TREASURER (Hon. T. Reynolds) hoped the Uouse would allow him to lay on the table one or two financial papers, to assist hon. membcis in the discussion on the Estimates. The first of these showed the estimated deficit in the revenue in IS68, and the second w:is an abstract of the Estimated Revenue and Expenditure for ISfJS. He hoped the Huuse would permit him to substitute for t'.ie Ways and Afeans now on the table a fresh copy of such Ways aud Means, fn his anxiety on Thursday last to give a full statement of the Ways anil Means and the deficit for IStfS, he had been somewhat misled as to the amount of the deficit. He was sorry to say that the actual figures were in excess of what lie had slated, and would make a total of upwards of .£200,11(18. The fact was that he had taken the savings he had pointed out into account twice on account of his not having noticed that the Under Treasurer in the unexpended balances for 1S67, placed in liis hand, had taken ] account of those savings. The deficit would there fore be for IS6S £187,000; so that, instead of having I to provide for £145,000, be would have to provide ' for £108,030. If hon. members would allow the new statement of Ways and Means to be placed on llie table it would enable them to discuss the financial statement in a more satisfactory manner. The SPEAKER in reply to Mr. Towns end, said the other copy of the Ways and Alcans would be taken off the file. PRINTING PETITION. Mr. BRIGHT, for the Hon. A. Blytli, moved— "That Petition No. 10, presented on 23rd July, from the President and Secretary of the Diocesan Synod, be printed." Carried. SUTHERLAND'S ACT. In Committee. Afr. CAJ.tR moved— , "That it is expedient to amend Act No. 17of 1862, intituled an Act to provide for the future ] appropiiation of the proceeds of the Waste Lands of the Crown in the Province of South Australia." The mast important provision in the Act 17 of 18(52 was clause 3rd:—* Two equal parts of the gross proceeds of the sale of the said waste lands of the Crown shall be appropriated as and for, and shall constitute a fund to be called 'The Public Works Fund,' aud the remaining one-third part of the said gross proceeds shall he appropriated as and (or, ami shall constitute a separate fund to be called ' The Immigration Fund.' This was not a motion for the rejection of the principle involved in this provision, that the proceeds of the sale of Crown lauds should be used for the construction of public works and the introduction of immigrants. I and these purposes alone, and to this position lie j gave a most hearty assent and support. If he thought this motion would imperil this arrange ment, and divert any portion of these funds to other purposes than those contemplated in the Act, lie would at once say so, and move than that, lie should at once abandon the motion; but lie could not hut see. as lie thought all hon. members had seen, that the ! operation of the Act in its present form had led to a somewhat auoraa). us state of finance. He ] referred to the fact thai the proportion of one third as set apart to form the Immigration . Fund was more than could lie exnended on im- | migration; fur notwithstanding ihcre was every ; disposition on the part of the House to use and not to hoard, the accumulations amounted to £300,000. They had had to borrow largely for public works and £2"0,000 for roadmakhig, while this sum of £300,000 was locked up for a purpose for which it could not be expended. Immigration, he need hardly inform the House, bad been sus pended, or nearly so. A sum of £25,000 bad been set apart for this year, but he did not exuect it to be useL although if immigration was needed the money would be mod. And the fact that this large amount was assigned to a purpose for which it i could not be used strengthened the opposition to this Act. and gave a semblance of reason to it, aud made the cry for its repeal much more to be feared. It was this balance of £300,000 which had caused so much outcry outside against Sutherland's Act, and had caused not a few of their would-be ] legislators to promise its repeal; but lie re peated, he wished to preserve it, and by judicious amendment to cut the ground from under the feet of objectors, and destroy the force of the objections 3d. He would alter the Act so as to allow urged. He would alter the Act so as to allow . this balance to lie used for public works, or for the purchase of South Australian Government bonds, or the formation of a sinking i fund for the extinction of the National Debt, if I the House liked to see it better in that form. His I own preference was simply to take the money and i use it, and liurrow a much less amount than was proposed by the Treasurt r; but he did not much care which way it was put so that the colony had ; the use of it. in the construction of public works. , He would also alter the Act, so that while it pro- • vided for immigration to an extent sufficient for their rcquin men Is, it should not tantalize and exs •• er-"-opposition to immigration by so large ai. ac:t nutation of money as they now had as an Immigration Fund (£300.000) wbich could not be used. Tne most ardent supporter of immigration must see that a y< ry large fund, present ana pros pective, was a hindrance rather than a help, in that it shaped the popular cry against it, and was a sort of red rag to invite opposition. They should bear ■ nothing now whatever of the opposition to Uub Act ' outside were it not for this useless balance—useless , as far asimmigration was concerned. The fact 1 that immigration was suspeuded would be sufficient J to silence that opposition only for this large balance of £306,000. He hoped this motion would have the support of Government, siuce it appeared to harmonize with the views of the Trea surer. W hen he gave notice of this motion he was not aware of his intentions; but now, if he understood him aright, Jie would not much object to absorb this balance. He hoped he would do so. and. certainly lie thought as he wanted the money, lie ought to support the motion; but whether he would do so or not he (Mr. Carr) knew no more than any other hon. member, although he had the impression that if this fund was used for any 1 other purpose than was contemplated iu the Act, such use should he under an amended Act. To use I the Immigration Fund for other purposes, say even for the purchase of South Australian bonds to form a sinking fund for the extinction of the i National Debt in 20 years, without altering this Act would be very much Jike driving a coach-and six through it. And yet ii must be used for some < purpose. There was not a financier in the House ' who could get through this session without ! using it for other purposes than for those1 designated in clauses 5 and 6 of the Act; or if there was one who thought lie could, he should like to know how he would do it; for according to clause 6, if it was left in the Banks at 6 per cent, interest; that interest belonged to the Im migration Fund only, and if invested in Govern ment securities, ** the produce of any securities so purchased shall belong to and be paid to the fund ;v and to divert this fund either in its principal or interest from immigration to either public works or national debt, although a very proper alteration, was, as he believed the Treasurer wouid tell thein presently, impossible without an emendation of the Act, For the future lie saw tw» ways in which the necessary amendment might be made, either of which would provide a proper provision for the introduction of future immigrants, nor would cither of them iu the least degree injure the secu rity given to the public creditor by the Act. The first alternative was to resolve the two funds into one, and make of the gross proceeds of the sale of waste lands 3 public works aud immigration fund. , This he thought the best arraugcment, for of I course the Parliament would then determine the way iu which it would be spent, and it did so ! happen that very extensive public works and large i immigration expenses seldom if ever cainc at the ! Bailie time. When labour was scarce and dear, pubiic works on a large scale interfered with ! private enterprise and Bhould be held back, aud I they then very properly introduced immigrants freely; but when private enterprise languished and labour was abuudant, they wauled the public I works expenditure, and immigration, as atpresenr, 1 was suspeudcii. A common iuud would make the i proper provision in either case. The other form I of amendment would be to alter the proportions I assigned to each fund; aud he thought their ex- 1 pencil ce had proved that less than one-third was I needed for immigration, and that more than two- I thirds were required for public works. He was anxious not to be misunderstood, and therefore he repeated that he wished to improve the Act—not to repeal it, and that his only object was to con form us operation to the present financial and political necessities of the cofonv. The COMMISSIONER of CROWN LANDS (Hon. Zl Glyrie) saidit was quite true that the hou. member could not have known what course the Government would take in this matter, and he would give a few reasons why they conceived it their duty to oppose the resolution. He was rather surprised that such a resolution should have been tabled by the hon. mover. He could quite have understood his objecting to Sutherland's Act altogether and moving its repeat In that case there might have been a fair stand-up fight; but to his mind the motion proposed was more dangerous tr.an if it had been toaifirni the expediency of repeal ing the Act, and unl ii the previous day he had taken j it for granted almost that the motion contemplated ! the repeal of that Act, He was inclined to think j that in the House and outside a great deal of mis apprehension existed as to the real state of the case with regard to the Immigration Fund. At various public meetings speakers had referred to the yerv large sum of £300.000 lying to the credit 1 of toe fund; but to show the real facts he had had some figures prepared. Hou. members would kuow that this Act, No. 17 of 1362. came into operation on the 1st July. 1363, and the total , amount received f >r land sales from that date to I the 1st July, ltb7, was £1.295,000. The one third of that sum of course was £432.000. The amount expended during the four years for immigration purposes, including departmental expenses, as set out iu part 3 o? the Estimates, each year was £194,000. The amount of interest received on account of the Immigration Fund, which had been sacredly applied to increase that , fund, was £2L,0ou iu round numbers. The total 1 amount of the immigration balance on 1st July, i lbf>7» was j i.si. about £291,000, and he believed a great many people outside thought that fund was kept positively idle in a separate box in the Trea sury— (No and U ear) - and that it was the bounden ! duty of the Treasurer to put away in that box one third of the proccc is of Grown Lauds sales. Sup posing that to be the case, did they expect to see on opening the box 291,000 sovereigns or bauk LotcisY Certainly such was not the caac, for its coftents would he Bank receipts for that amount within a few hundred pouuds. Now he understood the object of the" arueudmcnt to be the repeal of Suthei land's Act so far as it related to the past accumulations of the Immigration Fund, and ap propriate the whole of them for public w^rks. The hon. mover, he believed, was in error in thinking that they could not do it in any other way except by altering the Act; for in the proviso to the tich clause the very course was contemplated which t!ie Treasurer proposed adopting. It was as follows:—" Provided that the Treasurer may invest I frwu time to time any unexpended balance of 1 either of the said fends iu the purchase of Govern- ! mcnt securities, and the produce of any securities so purchased shall bcloug to the fund by or on I accouut of which the same shall be purchased." I That meant that if they took £100,000, say, out of ' the fund, and put in their bonds, they would be the securities, and when they were paid for the produce of them would liare to go back to the credit of the i fund. (Hear, hear.) Now. wliat the Treasurer I proposed to do was to take out of the box a few ! thousand pounds* worth of these Bank receipts just as they might he wanted for public works, and put iu tkeirpluce South Australian bonds arranging them to fall in at dates when it .would be con- I venient to pay them, aud every one would acknow- I ledge that i>outh Australian bonds were quite as go*d security as Bank receipts. It so happened that the position of the Banks now was very diffe rent from what it was 12 months sg i, when they were talking «»f doing soinethingof the same sort. , Then it would have been exceedingly inconvenient ! for the Banks to find the £100,010 if it had been required hv the Treasurer at once without very seriously alfecting private persons; but now they would have no difficulty in finding that amount in a few weeks. He maintained that the plan of substituting for Bank receipts Government ' securities in the way he had suggested was th~ very 1 best plan that could he devised, and distinctly ! carried out the provisions of the Act. He believed i 1803 was the very worst year they had yet had as regarded their national debt, and was worse tliau they would have fer s^nie years to come. The amount of principal and interest to be paid during its currency was above £100,000, and this would be a larger turn than they would require to pay for years, notwithfiauding the large additional sums borrowed; lor they had learned wisdom by expe rience, ami did not ii tend borrowing large sums again on short-dated bonds. It was therefore per fectly wise, in his^opiijJOJi, for the Government to borrow portions of the Immigration Fund on short dated bonds, falling due when it would be most convenient to repay them. Another reason he would point out for not meddling with {Suther land's Act was that It formed the foundation ! of their credit at home. (Gheers.) The lion, j mover said he preferred putting the whole ! of the proceeds of the land sales into one i fund; but that would tend to injure their credit. Was it not reasonable to suppose that the 1 capitalists of London would prefer trusting a , community of 200,000 souls than one of 1GO.OOO, and if they saw that the colony was deliberately resolving not to provide for the introduction of mora population, ami to shut themselves up within themselves, would that not lessen their disposition io lend money to the Government! (Hear.) Again he would lake the ground that it was almost a breach of faith with those who had lent money bince (he passing of the Act to repeal it now, seeing thai they lent it on the faith of (hat Act. It so happened that during the four vears the Act had been m operation about one half of that period had reference to very bad times in the history of the colony. The last 12 months especially had been one of die worst periods they had ever experienced, anu therefore the past four years could scarcely be taken as a fair average. And he would ask, did the lion, member think that they would realize £1,29.>,0|IO by land sales during the next four years? \\\ as it likely that they wouid set more than one half ot it, if as much? (Hear, hear.) And he v,'0,1,1 ask htm further whether, if he had his own will, he would not prefer that they shou'd spend £1H0,00'J in immisratiou during that period. ■He was sure the hon. member agreed with him through the speeches delivered at the time it was pas-ed, ar.d he remembered it was said then—in wiiich opinion he was inclined to agree—that it would perhaps be wisest to fix the proportion devoted to immigration at one-fourth instead of I one-third. As. however, the proportions had been fixed, he begged tlie House not to alter them at present. A cry had been got up outside by perrons who understood the position of affairs, but as they weie within six months of a general election the question might fairly be one to be dealt with by Lhe constituencies. The hon. mover had said that as a general rule public works and immigration did not go on upon a large scale at the same time. (Mr. (loglin—" Yes.") He I Jwesumed the hon. member for Light with lis views would support the motion, but I what lie would urge was that those who [ believed in a young community like this that it would be exceedingly unwise to stop immigration not to assist in altering the Act. , No one knew better than himself that no further j labour required to be introduced at present, and therefore he had sent no orders for vessels; but who could say what would be the state of affairs 12 months hence? He believed the hon. mover , had expressed his hope that the £25,000 voted would not lie spent—(No and Hear)—but his own hope was that it would befound necessary to spend . that amount next year. And with regard to the j statement that large public works and immigration were not carried on simultaneously, he would ask the hon. mover whether he thought that ought to he the case. Did lie not think that matters would , lie in a more wholesome aud healthy condition if the two things were carried on contemporaneously ? He did not think of ordering more ships at present, I and he believed there was a misunderstanding re specting the one now on the water, for it did rot sail till June, and would not arrive for two months yet, so that there was no ground for appre hension that a shipload of immigrants , would in a week or two be added to the , population. He would also ask the lion, mover to consider tlie question carefully with a view to the desirability of deferring the action he contemplated. A good clip of wool and a good harvest of cereals might materially alter the , aspect of things before the elections, and he should ; not be nt all surprised to sec public feeling go round with respect to Sutherland's Act. Whether ■ that would be so or not, bis view was tliat tlie ; subject was a fair one for the hustings, and the j Government must oppose tlie motion. I Mr. HAY was glad to hear the Hon. Commis- ' .* ioner say that it was not his intention to renew immigration at present, as he believed it would rlso be very injurious to do so. It was a matter of i egret that the returns should show that those leaving the colony were more numerous than those ( " showed that a healthy state of • things did not prevail at present. He discredited i iSSeJ* «!?ent °, e fl°n- Commissioner that the < credit of the colony was at all connected with the < accumulated fund under Sutherland's Act. (Hear.) ] ? much better way to keep up their 1 credit m Eugiaud was to keep down their debt, i ii. *S.a B.hjtement was given in tlie public papers i that the debt was £13 for every head of the popti- , latton, the English capitalists would not take l into account that £2 of that was made ud of i nwn. ^ VorroH;e,l "pder the Immigration Fund I i "Lthe colony, but their credit would ',be greatly I ' affected. He thought it wise that a certain portion of the proceeds of the Crown lands should be set apart for immgration purposes, but he had no desire to see an accumulated fund of £3(10 000 increasing itself by means of the interest payable upon it He believed the Act might judiciously be amended, and he was favourable to amending it without waiting for the cry at a general election. Fus opinion was that a provision should he inserted to the effect that everything over and above £50,000 to the credit of the fund at the close of any financial year should be expended in inWoru-S jhat fum would he sufficient t.^, .i shiploads of immigrants, and he looked upon that as ample provision for any one year. It was not a thing done in private undertakings to accumulate money on one hand, and borrow it to pay it out for some other purpose. (Hear, hear.) And while he was in favour of a certain portion of the proceeds of the laud sales—let it be one-third if they wished— heing laid aside for immigration, he yet thought any excess over £50,000, belonging to that fund at the end of the financial year, might he applied to public works. It was the duty of the House to look not at the interest of working men, bankers, or any particular class, but at the interests of the whole colony, and apply the funds for the good of the community generally. It would no doubt be unwise to remove very large sums from the Banks m a single day, but the exigencies of public works ,»?<™,nL0t re did not know that the land sales for the next four years might not be larger than the past. They had flo? ML1?? DOtw>tbstaoding the bad times, £dfi,00u had been accumulated hi the past, and n?t " 3 m'"10u of money be accumu during the next four years? He did not think that.the "gut way to manage their financial aflairs fu i. the, strongest supporters of the Act saw the effect produced on account of the existence of ™£p^V,1Slilte market, tucy would go in favour of some altera tion. He repeated that the best way of sustaining to keep down their debt, and be prompt m the payment of interest; and however much he regretted voting gainst the Government n motion of this kind, he must support the motion. Mr. EVJSRARD prenumed it was scarcely ncces wyforhim t° say which side he intended taking in the discussion, although the clear and exhaustive speech of the Commissioner of Crowu Lands left him very little to say. He was quite of opinion that during the next four years the proceeds of land sales would not be half what they had been during the past four years, and in addition to tlie point taken that the altering of the Act would involve a breach of faith with the lenders of tnonev in England he would say that there were others who might complain of a breach of faith, namely the purchasers of that £1,295.001 worth of land. Ihey bought it on the understanding that onc tntrd of the purchase- money should be expended on immigration, but they were now told that be cause it had not all been 6pent in the past it would not be spent at all. It seemed to mm very like pleading the Statute of Limitations against a past debt, and his own belief was that the whole of the lund should be expended, and probably might he within the next four years. He was fully aware of the depression which had existed; but as one of the oldest colonists he could say that never had he seen the times so had as during the suspension of immigration. Two or three times it had been suspended, and they ail knew how difficult it was to struggle on again in the light direction until they began again to importilabour. In the neigh bouring colony, with all its enormous debt, and the extent of its public works, a league was being got up to bring out more immigrants, so as to help to relieve the prevailing depression, and that de pression this colony would fall into if immigration was suffered to be discontinued. His opinion although an unpopular one, was not the more likely to be wrong, and it was that wages were too high, auii that this was the cause of persons being out of employment. By spending this £300.030 in public works tbey would be only making things worse, and his conviction was that until the present rate of wages was lowered persons would continue to be out of work. He saw no reason why the rate should be as high now as 12 months ago when provisions were scarce and dear and believing as he did if the proper rate ruled that private enterprise would find employment for all the labour available, he should oppose every attempt to tamper with Sutiierland's Act. (dear ) The Hon. H. B. T. bTKANGWAY'S should follow the example of the hon. member Mr Everard, and vote against any attempt to alter the Act in question. It was rather remaikable that an ' P,OD- member for Noarlunga (Air. Sutherland) bad the privilege of introducing the measure, and now it was his successor, the hon. member for Noar lunga, who sought to destroy it. (Laughter.) He happened to know that before that Act was intro duced by Mr. Sutherland the Ministry were well aware of his intentions, and it occurred to him that the present Ministry or one of them were equally well acquainted with the iuteutiou of the hon. member Air. Carr on this occasion. (No) He said it was quite within tlie bounds of possi bility that tbey were, and he defied any hon member to say it was not within the bounds of possibility. (Laughter.) His belief was that the treasurer was pulling the strings in this matter. (Oh and laughter.) The Hon. Mr. Reynolds as member for the City, opposed the passing of Sutherland's Act in every possible way, and told the House only a few days ago, when he made his financial speech, that he would uot ask the Home to repeal the BilL Oh no, by no means; . - . , ?sked them to spend the money which had accumulated, lie was sure there was a strong difference of opinion among tlie members on the Treasury benches. (No) Then there was a singular-unanimity, for the mem bers who before differed very materially in refe rence to the advisability of this Act now formed one happy family, and were prepared to do away with opinions which they entertained some time hack. He believed the cry for the repeal of this Act was merely the outcry of the large centres of population, and that the persons who would suffer by it were the farmers and those iu the country districts. There was, he believed, too much truth in the statement of tlie hon. member Air. Everard that wages were too high. He did not blame men for wanting high wages when they could get thern, but private persons could not employ men unless they could do it on such terms as would leave them some profit out of their labour. That was well known as an axiom; and if the Government carried on public works without importing labour they would soon arrive at the same state of things which existeil some years ago, when it was with the greatest difficulty that immigration was re sumed. He was no advocate for keeping up a continual stream of immigration The tliiiigmust be carefully watched by the Commissioner of Crown Lauds; but nothing could be more prejudicial to the materia! welfare of the colony than that persons who wished to employ labour in increasing their resources were unable to obtain it at a remunerative price, soielv because the Government entered into competition with them. Tlie members tor the country districts could liear him out as to how far that held good at tlie present time. These were no doubt bad times for the labouring classes; but he believed the time was not far distant when the circumstances of tiie colony would be far more flourishing than tliey had been for yeara past. There was r,o person who had watched the eveuts of the last 12 months but would eav that every interest was in a far sounderstate at the present time than it had been before There might have been a good many persons who had gone through the Insolvent Court, and probably there might be a good many more yet; but liow many of them were not insolvent long enough ago 1 (Hear, hear.) Any person who would take the trouble to examine the schedules filed in the Insol vent Court would see that a large number of the persons who had passed through lately had never been anything else but insolveut. (Hear, hear.) They would say that farmers had gone through the Court; but what was the reason? Most of them had purchased land at such a rate that they were uuable to occupy it and pay expenses, and a bad harvest drove them to the Insolvent Court. In reference to tlie sugges tion of tlie hon. member Mr. Carr for amending Sutherland s Act be would say that the land sold every year which furnished tlie fund available for immigration would decrease; and did a ay member suppose that the public would, if they could pos sibly avoid it, consent to a special tax for immigra tion purposes? It was not likely they would, and even if they did, how was immigration to be maintained m future years, when the Crown lands were sold9 He asked hon. members in deciding on this ques tion not to be guided solely by the circumstances of the colony wheu it was under considerable de pression, but to give their votes according to their honest convictions, and not to be terrified into materially altering or abolishing the Act on the ground that this was the last session of Parlia ment, and they would have shortly to meet their constituents. Did those who advocated its repeal give any grounds? 2\o, none whatever, except that there was a sum in lound numbers of .£300 000 in the T« easury, and that it might be advan tageously expended in public works. He admitted there must be some difficulty occa sioned from tlie Government having large balances lying at the Banks affecting the accommodation to be afforded 10 tlie public; but that was no reason why the Immigration Fund should be entirely done away with. The main question involved in ; the motion of the hon. member Mr. Carr was i whether immigration was to be continued, not I during the present session, but in future Years If so. flow were the funds to be provided If Suther land a Act was repealed. He (Mr. Stran«ways) never anticipated that the whole of the money i which bv it was set aside would be expended year by year, but he believed erery lion, member anti cipated that it would also form a fund which would be available to continue immigration in future years when tlie lands had been sold, and a revenue from that source was wanting. There were many other arguments which mMit be adduced against the motion, and he asked lion members not to consent to the repeal of the Act on the ground of any depression in the present emergency, for it was only an emergency in the affairs of the colony. Their credit was good* any sums they desired to borrow for public works could easily be obtained in the London market, and th3t being the case he saw no reason for abolishing a fund which they coul.l not replace. To iiiuit it to an accumulation of £50.000 would be practically abolishing it; for if a large number of immigrants were required in any year that sum would be nothing towards the cost of bringing them out Although the proposal was to amend the Act. it was ready iyi attempt at its repeal altogether. 1 r vr aIso considered that the question before the House was virtually whether or uot they were to repeal Sutherland's Act, although the lion, mover had disclaimed any such intention. He proposed to alter the proportion from oue-thirdof Fund which was now set apart, though he said lie had no wish to lessen the respect which was entertained for the measure. The hon. member would destroy the body of the Act. but would retain the utmost veneration for its ghost. a i i UOi Vi . fur the repeal of Sutherland's Act, and lie looked with a certain amount of paiu upon the vacant chair by his side, but which was at tlie tuue not more vacant tliau tlie Act would lie if dives.c I of its provisions 111 the manner I proposed by the hon. member Mr. Carr. He did not wish to see toe fond reach £1,000,000, because it was quite certain that a much less sum than «reWOlJ cver e expended. The proposition of t-lre Government to run uji » debt against It, and deposit Government bonds in tire Treasury, amounted to untiling more than a svstem of bookkeeping, or a record. He thought if the Act could be aaieuded so as to limit the a-euniula tion to a sum very much larger than £50.009, that would he desirable, because there was a degree of absurdity in hoarding up such a sum as would be collected in a few years under the present plan. He did not, however, agree with the lion, member Mr. Hay that they should deal with the matter ju\t as they would with their private affairs. These were not private affairs, hut the affairs of the people. The merchant had his own settled views, which he could hold for years togeLher; it was not necessary : that he should set aside a certain sum to bedevoted | to a particular purpose apart from his general busi ness. But in public affairs it was totally different. \ They had their constituents to consider— public < opinion crying one thing to-day and another to- j morrow, fluctuating labour market at one lime, every one employed at another time, every one out i of employ, meetings in the Town Hall, ami all j these things so totally different from private con cerns, that they had to he dealt with in an entirely different manner. If an lion, member would make a proposition to limit the amount to something not lower than that in the hands of the Treasurer j at the present time perhaps he might go with him. Mr. BRIGHT had listened with a great deal of I pleasure to the statement of the Commissioner of Crown Lands, and quite accorded with liini in the j sentiments he had expressed. He could hardly understand the motion which bad keen tabled, with the remarks which had faffen from the iron, member Mr. Can in introducing it, to the effect that he did not wish to alter the principles of the Act. If he did not, he could see very little use in the motion before them being carried. He believed the immigrant ship, which the Commissioner ol Crown Lands had alluded to as having left England last month, contained chiefly nominated immi grants, for whom the Government had received money from their friends in the colony, and were therefore to a certain extent bound to charter a vessel for; and he also be lieved that if notice were given that the Government were willing to receive nominations for immigrants they would be deluged with applications. (Hear, hear, and Ho.) He was aware that many had been refused by the previous Government, and he understood by the present Government also, and tiie colonists would not be so anxious to bring out their friends and relatives if South Australia was such a very bad place to come to. (Hear, hear.) If they examined the . supply and demand in the labour market they would find that the works were not being done more cheaply than usual at the present time. According to the statement of the 'Treasurer, what works had been carried on by the (Government had beeu paid for at an excess on former rates. In the Koad.Board the tenders were very much higher than those seut in two years ago; hut the members of the Hoard had beeu obliged to accept them because of the large amount of labour said to be iu the colony. There was no member of the House who had more desire than he had for the prosperity of the working classes; hut their pros perity did not consist in liigh wages anc occasional employment—(Hear)—but inconstant employment. (Hear, hear.) While the rate was so high that employers could not afford to pay it, men must remain out of work. (Hear, hear.) He was sure agriculturists would he glad to employ labour pro vided tbey could have it at such a price as to lie remunerative. He could not agree with the re mark of the hon. member Mr. Hay that the capitalists in England did cot look upon the popu lation of the colony iu reference to the amount of moneylthey would lend; for it was only a short time since that the South Australian Banking Company ni England agreed to increase the capital of the Bank in the colony by £lui),000 merely because immi gration had been resumed. To tamper with Suther land's Act, either to amend or abolish it, would, he believed, be to abandon one of their best principles, for the land was of little use to the purchaser unless there was labour to till it. As regarded the state ment of the hon. member Mr. Hay, that the national debt of the colony was £13 per head, and that capitalists would look at that lack he believed that at the present time it was only something like £4, and would be £12 provided they liorrowed to the extent of £2,900,009. Such being the case, he felt that they could to a certain exteut increase their borrowing powers, and that if they had money of their own that should be iuvested in the pur chase of bands rather than sending them to the old country for sale; but great care must be taken m carrying out public^ works for supplying the | demand of what was called surplus labour. If the Government would tlirow very large sums of money into the market for public wotks, thereby competing with private capital, he was quite sure that by the time that money should have been all expended they would And themselves in a worse position than at the present time, especially if immigration was not resumed iu the meanwhile, i It was not long since that a resolution was passed by the House that there should be two immigrant ships ordered per month, and he hoped the time was not far distant when the circumstances of the colony would warrant a resumption of immigra- | tion. Mr. HAY wished to explain. What he said was that the capitalists in England did look at the population of the colony and at their indebted ness; and therefore lie wanted to impress upon the Government the necessity of keeping down the debt. (Hear, hear.) . Mr. BOUCAUT agreed with agood deal of what was said by the Commissioner of Crown Lands, but he did not agree with him that it was better for them not to express an opinion upon the ques tion of repealing Sutherland's Act until they were upon the hustings. He (Mr. Boucaut) thought hon. members would be more deserving of the confidence of their constituents in statiDg what their views were while tbey were in the House. He should more, as an amendment on the motion, that the word "amend" be struck out with a view to inserting in its stead "repeal," and then they would have an . opportunity of seeing, first, those hon. members who were in favour of the repeal of the Act; secondly, those in favour of an amendment; and third, those who were against both. He denied | that there was auy proof of any good having been done by Sutherland's Act. Ho one would suppose but that precisely the same amount of money would have been applied to immigration purposes if it had ueyer been passed. The Treasurer of the day would in his Budget speech ask for a certain amount for immigrants, which he would easily persuade the House to voie. But this Act caused, by the accumulation of funds, ill feeling and suspicion—which, too, was a very just suspicion under the circumstances on the part of the working man regarding Sutherland's Act. He knew, as the hon. member Mr. Strang ways pointed out, that when Mr. Sutheiland went down to the House with the statement of what he was going to do for the colony, eveiy oue in the House knew that it was a cut-aud-diied plan. (Hear.) The Ministry pretended to be taken by surprise, but anybody of a little observation could have seen that it was a scheme arranged between Mr. Sutherland and the Ministry of the day. (No.) Why the Hou. Mr. Straugways (the Commissioner of Crown Lands of that daj) said just now that the Ministry perfectly well knew what was about to be done. ■ (No.) The Hon. H. B. T. STRANG WAYS-Would the hon. member allow hiui to explain? If he referred to the debate which took place on that occasion it would be seen that he, as Commissioner of Crown Lands, moved an amendment on the motion of Mr. Sutherland. Mr. BOUCAUT—There was no one more inge nious than the lion, memlrer for West Torrciis (Mr. Strangwa.vs). No oue could Letter suggest to a member who was going to introduce a hostile motion not to put it point-blank against them, but in such a way that tliey (the Ministry) could show some little independence. At all events it was perfectly understood on that occasion that Air. Sutherland was going to introduce that measure, and that the Government were going to suppoit it. (Hear, hear.) It was introduce l avowedly at a time when there was nothiug to fear from tile working c'asses, but in reality the working classes had always shown a very liberal support to members advocating immigration. The lion, member Mr. Everard with his curious logic said that the affirm of the colony had always begun to get better as soon as they resumed immigration; but it did not follow that the improvement of circumstances was occasioned hy the fact that immigration had been resumed. It was something like the saying in refereuce to Teuterden Steeple and the Goodwin Sands. (A. laugh.) Did the hon. member inuau to say that if at that time twelvemonths, when the colony was in a worse position perhaps than ever it was, that by introducing a large number of immigrants they would have bettered their position? The hon. member himself knew better. The hou. member said wages were too high. But he had heard caudi dates on the hustings tell the working inan that immigration was a good thing for thein because their wages would he increased by it. That was incoDsisteut with the hon. member Mr. Everard's statement now. He (Mr. Boucaut) was opposed I to Sutherland's Act, as he was when it was intro- 1 duced. though he knew the feeling of the House was the other way. (Hear, bear.) He was not opposed to immigration; but it must be uuder the control of the House, so that members who were J elected might from time to time have an opnor- j tunity of expressing their opinion upon it. He should move the amendment he had indicated. j Mr. NEALES said any reasonable supporters of | Sutherland's Act just expected that if auy attempt was made to break the crust the result would lie what they had seen—(Hear, hear)—and the first to i take advantage of it was one who within a few weeks was one of Her Majesty's Ministers, whom they should rather have looked to for support. If those _ parties who were exclaiming against immigration could stip it, could get all their own way, and lay held of every farthing that was in the country, it would ' he like the case of the goose and the golden egg—it would last a given time, and then collapse aud be fiightful. There would be no employment for people at any wages, and capital would vauish from the land. He believed work ought to be afforded by the Government to those who wanted it, but net so as to compete with private capital. Ho man should be allowed to say he could not get work. He should he able t > get it at some price, but the cry was he could not get it at any price. There were some skilled artisans whom they knew would not take employment at less thau a certaiu remuneration; but the labouring man who ha I nothing to depend on hut his muscle ought to have it at such a price as would at least provide , him with bread, beef, and lieer, and lodging for his family. (A laugh.) He believed with proper management on the part of the Government this could be obtained; but all these political cures were only like holding out a sheet of glass to a man, which lie could knock to pieces as soon as he saw the deception. The remedy they wanted should ha immediate; and the repeal of Sutherland's Act, if it. ever did thein any good, couid have 110 effect in lime to imet the outcry for work. He was confident Sutherland's Act was one of the most sensible Acts ever passed, and that reducing the portion of the revenue to he appro priated would only have a bad effect, while all that was required could be done hy putting Govern- I meiit bonds in place of the Bank receipts for the funds, and so expending the money among tire working men. To give a particular instance re gaiding the employment of labour, the Directors ot the Burra had stopped working the mine on the plea of the low price of copper. Now he could say on behalf of tile working men that had the Direc tors, when the price fell from 2'ls. to 15s. per cwt., told the men that it would not pay them to con tinue the mine if they hail to give tliern 32s but that they must reduce the wages to 24s., not a mail would have struck. If the.v had been offered em ployment at that piice they would not hare left their work. No Government was entitled to sit ou those ljenehcs who c mid not meet an einer- ■ gency m the labour market of the culouy such as i the present by giving men employment, not at 8s. 1 or Ids. per day, but at such wages as would supply ... ..... ,,,. ..-J, ni oucil w ages as would supply them with food. PRIVILEGE. Adjourned debate on the motion of the TUEASUKEll— "That the articles of agreement made, June 2!). ; 1R07, between the Goniiiiis- io.icr of Railways and ■ J. Kouusevcll, E-q., lie referred to a Select Him- ■■ liiittcc; and that they he directed to report their million whether J. lomn=evell, K-].. lias vacated his seat hy reason of the said agreement,"' Mr. KUUKSKVELL, as lie was iu possession of the House, supposed he should be expected to say a few words; but lie regretted he had moved the adjournment of the debate, seeing the motion re ferred so directly to himself, for there was no doubt the motion did refer to -folin Rounsevell, and not to contractors in general. He woul I iust glance at the remarks of huii. members and the docu ments referred to, and then srt down, leaving the House to come to its decision on the motion, by which he was sure tlicy would decline to refer the question to a Helect Committee, or to any further consideration. The Hon. Mr. Strangways on Friday last leferred to the contract (paragraph No. 35), but he did so in a very unfair manner, if he had taken the clauses of that contract as they appeared, he would have seen that his arguments were totally unfounded and his law was erroneous, (laughter.) That contract star ted by stating that the agreement was between the Commissioner of Public Works and the contractor to carry on a specilic work for a certain time, and that that time could not be lengthened or shortened either by the Commissioner or by the contractor. (Hear and No.) The original motion passed by the House ou the subject stated that the appointment of Agent for the Commissioner of Railways was an office of profit. An office of profit, he appre hended, must exist through appointment, and was it to l>e supposed that an appointment from the Government would contain any such clause as No. 1, providing that the person should have the free use of the Goods Stations on the lines of railway, even independent of the Commissioner himself ? Clause 2 went on to state the nature and the quantity of the work to be performed. Clause 4, which he would read, was—"The said John Hounsevell shall properly shunt all the trucks loaded by him under the provisions aforesaid, or any of them, and shall repay, make good to, and indemnify the said Commissioner of Railways against any loss, damage, charges, and expenses from improper shunting to which the said Com missioner of Railways may in any manner be subject by reason of any damage arising to such trucks, or to any such goods, after the same shall have been collected or received by the said John Rounsevell, and until the same sliffil have been duly delivered as hereinbefore provided—unless such damage as last aforesaid shall have been occasioned by any accident on the railway by fire, or by breaking down, or collision, while the trucks containing the said goods are attached to the engine, or unless such damage shall have been occasioned by accident in any station by reason of fire, unless such fire shall happen through the negligence of the said Jolui Hounsevell or his servants." That also was a clause not likely to have been inserted in an appointment by the Government to an office of profit during pleasure. It was put there to protect not only the Government, but the public aud their goods. Then clause 5 provided that the contractor should employ horses and men for shunting. That could not be held in any manner to apply to au office of profit, but to a tender for public work in the supply of horse power and manual labour, such as was advertised every day of the week. Clause ti provided for the contractor finding all clerks, labourers, and stationery, so that plainly it could not apply to an office of profit. Mirny others defined the manner in which the work was to be done, and clause 14 set out "That the said John Rounsevell shall take, at the original cost, all books and stationery which may be on hand." The 17th clause, which was made particular use of by the hon. member Mr. Strangways, who had introduced the subject, provided for the contractor obeying all orders of Stationmasteis. All that was to enable the Stationmaster to call upon the con tractor to send his horses and men in the event of the breaking-down of a train or engine. That was the only way in which the contractor had to obey the orders of the Government, and while em ployed in that work his servants were to be subject to the same regulations as the otherservants of the Commissioner of Railways. Then clause 18 pro vided that the coutractor should not engage in any business in opposition to the Government; and he would like to ask any hoD. member if he ever knew a Government to appoint a person to an office, and then provide that he should not start in opposition to them. If he was appointed to an office of profit during plea sure that would be quite an unnecessary provi sion, as they could at any time prevent his op posing them by discharging him. Clause 19 indemnified the Commissioners against loss, and he believed that had been misconstrued in every possible way. It merely provided that in the event of a break-down, or of there being a larger amount of work to be done at any particular station than the contractor could meet, the Commissioner should employ sufficient men to carry it out, and that the contractor should be charged with the cost, provision being made ag linst its being carried too far by the arbitration clause {So. 24). Clause 21 stated:—"That in the event of the neglect or inca pacity of the said John Rounsevell to perform and execute any of the work to be carried out and exe cuted under this agreement, or in case the said John Rounsevell shall not cany out or perform and execute such works to the satisfaction of the said Commissioner of Railways, it shall be lawful for the said Commissioner of Railways, at the cost, charges, and expenses in all tilings of the said John Rouuseveli, to purchase, or hue and employ horses, carts, and other carriages, aud labonr, to perform any of the works by the said John Rounsevell agreed to he performed." The Hon. Mr. StrangwayB said that the Commissioner of Public Works by that had power to terminate the contract. The hon. member for Onka Earioga (Mr. Townsend) also said so-(Hear, ear)—but was there any man of common sense who would say that such was the case ? (Hear.) It was absurd to put such a construction upon it. There was not a syllable in the whole contract which provided that the parties would back out of their agreement, and he defied any hon. member to show anything in it which would bear tliat construction. It had been said, too, that the position was an office of profit during pleasure. It would hare been better it those who .said so would first have looked at clause 23, which said:—"This agreement shall continue for the term of three years, to he computed from the 29tli day of June, 18(57." That could not bear two constructions, and for an hon. member to get up and say that in spite of that thecontract could be discontinued at any shorter time or continued for any longer time was altogether absurd. (Hear, hear.) He was not aware that in any appniutmeut to an office during pleasure tenders were ever advertised for, and persons invited to state the price for which they would perform the duties, and to enter into a bond of £10,000. When addressing his constituents he tcld them very distinctly he would never take an appointment under Government, and he hoped hon. members would, give him credit for feeling quite beyond Government service altogether. The word agent was only a self-invented title, and was not used in the contract nor in ihe advertisement, the term there being contractor. The Act No. 11 of 1859, clause 3, conferred on the Commissioner of Rail ways the power of appointment and dismissal of all managers, clerks, and officers—" Provided that the salaries or rewards of ail persons appointed and employed by such Commissioner under the authority of this Act shall he annually voted by Parliament." He felt confident the Hon. Mr. Straugwavs must now be aware that he (Mr. Rounsevell) was never appointed by the Commis sioner of Public Works, and he could defy him to point out that there was any salary annually voted by Parliament either for him or for iiis employes. It ba l been stated that the Parliament had power to p-event contractors sitting as members of Parliament. He (Mr. Rounsevell) did not know where that power was; he had been unable to find it. Clause 17 of the Constitution Act provided, " If any member of the said Parliament shall accept of any office of profit or pension from the Crown during pleasure, ex cepting those hereinafter required to he held by members of Parliament, his scat shall he there upon and is hereby declared vacant." Soma astute minds managed to cut the sentence into two brauches, and read it thus" If any member of the said Parliament shall accept of any office of profit"—and they stopped there—"his seat shall thereupon and is hereby declared vacant." That was the construction placed upon the clause; and would any one say that the hon. member Mr. Arthur Myth if he accepted the office of a Bank Director, which was " an office of £rofit»" was thereby excluded from the House? ut if they read the sentence on it was " an office of profit or pension from tire Crown during pleasure." Then it became complete; but it was not complete nor applicable in any other form. Therefore he did not think that provision could in any way apply to the member whose case was now under discussion. It was further necessary, too, under the Constitution Act that when a vacancy occurred it should be reported by the Speaker, aud that the cause of such vacancy should be reported. It wsb necessary for the pro tection of the Hause, and for the protection of every member of the House, that the cause should be a legal cause, and he defied any hon. member to point out any legal cause that would vacate bis (Mr. FnunseveU's) seat. In the Imperial Parliament leg'slation had taken place to exclude persons holding offices of profit during pleasure and personB holding pensions; but the action there taken did not exclude public contractors. He helieved the fraraers of the Constitution Act of South Australia, when they left out any mention of public contractors, considered that having no aristocracy in the colony as there was in England, it was necessary that the seats in Parliament should be thrown open to persons who were carrying on business; and what greater proof of that could there be than to look around that House and see the representatives of nearly all the principal trades! Would it cither be right or just to exclude all persons who had any dealing with the Government, and if they were bo ex cluded would there be one-half the number of can didates seeking for legislative honours? The Hon. H. £. T. Strangways told them that this question contained many nice and complicated points of law. No doubt it did, but he also told them that he had deeply considered all those points of law, aud he decided and settled them all last Thursday and Friday, if that was the way he settled complicated points of law he (Mr. Rounse vell) was very glad lie was not a client of his, and perhapB it might account for his having 60 few. But it was yet an open question in the House of Commons whether contractors could sit there. (No.) They did sit there, and therefore it must bo an open question. He would remind the hou. member Mr. Strangways, in his zeal for preserving the privileges of the House, to be careful not to infringe the privileges of the members. If a member could be ou ted without proper cause, what safety would there be, and what opportunity for a corrupt Government to oust obnoxious members for the purpose of carrying out injurious legislation? It would he very unwise to oust a member without some very good reason, just be cause be was obnoxious. So far as he was con cerned, considering merely his own interests, ha should have resigned long ago; but he had a duty to perform to his constituents, which he should perform even at his own private loss, and he felt confident he should hold nis seat there as long perhars as several hon. gentlemen who wished to s»e him turned out. The hon. member Mr. To*nsend last Friday night indulged iii some high flown popgun fort of language that sounded a good deal like ** Lining, going, goneand perhaps it would be well to protect the reporters and others in the galleries from the echo which might fly about. He would remind that lion, member that it would not be well for him to force his high flown moral principles too strongly on the House, aud the other Ins well-known legal opinions. There was no doubt they knew how to use their powers in delate much more ettectually than he was able to. but he did not think they j would succeed in carrying out the intrigu ing scheme they had concocted for the purpjie of ousting him. Ihe Hon. W. MILNK said if he felt any doubt on this subject be would be hap .y to vote for t!m . motion; but as lie had no doubt whatever he felt I bound to oppose it. Ho understood that this i subject had been moved in on account of the ' provisions of the 17tli el.ui^e of the {^institution : Act. Now there were two ingredients in that sec tion with regard to oflic under <-* iveromeut— the first was that it inu held during ple.n?u:e. No>v it did not appear cl to him that the contract created an office of profit; for although he had no doubt it would turn out profitably, still it was not analogous to a position in the Government service with a salary attaching to it, paid mouihly. With regard to the second point, he had gone carefully through the agree ment and he could not see a single clause enabling the Government to annul the contract at any time. (-! ear, hear.) It was a fixed contract for three years, and during that period it could not be set aside. (No, and Hear, hear.) In clause 21 he found that if the contractor neglected his duty the Commissioner of Public Works might 1 employ men aud horses at his charge to perform this work; and in clause 24, that uis- I putes arisiug were to be referred to arbitration. It wa3 perfectly evident that it was not an office held during pleasure, and therefore did not come within the Act. Ho would not go into the ques tion whether er not it was desirable for con tractors to be excluded from Parliament as that was not before them, although it was a fact that whenever they had attempted to amend the Con stitution Act a clause had been inserted in the amending Bill providing for their exclusion. (Gear, hear.) That showed that the feeling was against contractors sitting in Parliament, and that the matter was not provided for at present. But , the suggestion was whether the hon. member Mr. Rounsevell had vacated his scat, and he was so lirmly of opinion he had not that he should oppose the motion. Tiie lion. A. BLYTR thought in a case near to them as this was lion, members would agree with him that they could not do better than fellow such an excellent example as that of the British Parlia ment, which even in the case of Baron llothschild, the circumstances of which were far wide of the provision, referred it to a Select Committee for them to report. The hon. member Sir, Rounsevell, in his address to the House, was kind enough to allude to him in some affair which had nothing to do with his position in the House, and which, therefore, he Bhould not reply to. He did hope, h >wever, that iu a question affecting the seats of hon. members the excellent and wise pre c dent of the House of Commons, of having it enquired into by a Select Committee, would be followed. There were a great many hon. members I who had not taken the trouble to look up prece- | dents, which it would be the duty of the Com mittee to do. He should give the Government his support, and, in following such an excellent precedent, he could not imagine what ground there could be for opposing such a course. Mr. B. 1. STOW regretted that he was not in the House when the first motion on this subject was submitted by the Hod. Mr. Strangways, for he should have felt it his duty to oppose it. He con sidered it of the utmost importance that in con sidering the position of members of the House they should be guided strictly by the law as laid down iu their written constitution—(Hear, hear) —and he agreed with the hon. member Mr. Roun sevell in deprecating any attempt to import pro visions into the Constitution Act which did not exist there in order to get rid of an obnoxious j member, or some one who by entering into a con tract with the Government had placed himself in a position which might be regarded as injurious. It was their place to protect not only members of the House, hut the electors who returned them, and also themselves; because any of them might lie unpopular at some particular time. Following the rule which he had laid down, he had no doubt whatever in saying that the hon. member for Right was perfectly entitled to retain his seat, and as i he was anxious that no question whatever should | be thrown up»n his right, he should oppose the motion for a reference of the contract to a Select Committee. All the Select Committees in the world would not alter his opinion on the subject, or the opinion, he believed, of I some other hon. members who had dispassion ately considered the subject. He admitted the position of the hon. member for Light to be an i anomalous one as regarded the Government; but viewing the question in a strictly legal sense, his view as to the right of the hou. member to sit in the House could not be affected by any Select Committee. Resides, the whole of the matters were before them, and they were quite as competent to deal with the point of law involved as they would be after a Committee had reported. He had read the speeches of the Hon. Mr. Strangways, and had arrived at a totally contrary conclusion from that hon. member; and he would say with all respect to the members of the House aud to Select Com mittees, he did not regard Select Committees as the best means of enquiring into questions either | of fact or of law. In the first place they were pro- l posed generally by a person having a strong feeling on the matter, and in intimate communica- j tion with those who took an interest in the appointment of it. Then they knew exactly the Erocess by which the members were elected to it ow lists were prepared, and the Committee wa« packed. (No and a laugh.) Lists were handes round, and members in self-defence had to join with others to elect a certain Com mittee or else members with well - known views in opposition to the object sought to he attained would he appointed; so that he was I justified in saying that a Select Committee, although the only tribunal available, in many- in stances was not the best tribunal to refer questions of law or fact to. He could understand the object for which this motion had been brought forward, namely, the anxiety which many hon. members felt, and properly felt, to see that no member occupying the anomalous position the hon. member for Light occupied should continue to do so. His own belief was that the Constitution Act should be altered to meet the case—(Hear, hear)—and he j would suggest to the hon. member that having entered into a contract bringing him so intimately into connection with the Commissioner of Public I Works that it would be preferable for him to resign j his seat; hut still this was not the mattei before j the House. (Hear, hear.) He did not blame the Government, but ho thought it would have been well if they had iusisted on the hou. member's resigning when he took a contract which placed him bo entirely under one of the Ministers— (Hear, hear) -and assumed a position in which he might be affected in a hundred ways by the Com missioner of Public Works without any oppor- ! tuuity for complaint. (Hear, hear.) But the question was whether this was an office of profit or pension from the Crown hold duiiug pleasure; and in the first place be would say that it was not an office. Tile hon. member for Ligbt was not a servant of the Government any more than a mercantile agent ' employed toluok after another person's attain in his absence, aud to receive a remuneration for doing so, was the servant of that person. It was not an office, but an employment, and they ought i not to look at the mere wording when the term agent was used. An office was an incorporeal here ditament, but this was nothing more than a | contract. Then came the question was the position held during during pleasure, and he had been sur prised at the reasons urged in favour of the affir mative of that question. The fact was the Govern- j jnent, whatever their pleasure might be, had no power to terminate the contract during the space of three years. He noticed that the hon. member Mr. Townsend had got hold «f one word. (Mr. i Townsend—"No.") Well he thought he had | one—(laughter)—but he supposed he had lost it. for certainly over and over again he had heard him repeat the term "satisfaction." This term he found occurred in the 21st clause of the agree ment, which authorized the Commissioner, in case of the neglect, or incapacity of the contractor to carry on the works—not to dismiss him or dis charge him, which would be to constitute the position one held during pleasure, ' but to purchase carts and horses and carry on the works at the charge of the said contractor, and then came an arbitration clause for the protection of both parties. The hon. member Mr. Rounse vell had very clearly -and fully put his own case, andh3d been followed by the Hon. Mr. Milne. The whole thing lay in the narrowest compass possible; and although thqre might be a difference of opinion as to whether there was an office created er not, he would ask whether any one with , reasoning powers could say that an agreement { continuing for three years could be treated as creating an office held during pleasure. Reference had been made to the course taken by the present Chief Justice when a member of this House as to the holder of the office of Solicitor-General. No one could have a greater respect for the opinions of the Chief Justice as given from the judgment seat than he had; but he was not prepared to adopt every word uttered by Mr. Hanson in that j House as a member of the Government or leader I of the Opposition as a guide for himself in coming 1 to a decision on any particular point. He believed him to be entirely wrong in saying that the office , of Solicitor-General with no salary at all attaching to it was an office of profit under the Crown. ' In fact, it was a political move to weaken the j Government which had just got into office; and if it were necessary to go further, he would say that so untenable did Mr. Hanson consider his ! position to be that he moved to defer the discus sion until after a motion of want of confidence had I been debated, and as that was carried against the ' Government, he abandoned his motion, although had Mr. Bagot really vacated his seat by reason of his becoming Solicitor- General, his going out of office would not have had any eff ect in reseating him. It might also be seen how dangerous it was to take up a position of this sort, for three or four years afterwards the same question was raised with regard to Mr. Hanson himself—(Hear, hear) -for having sat on a Commission to which profit was attached, and the arguments applied tenfold more forcibly to him than they had done to Mr. Bagot. He should vote against the motion, but still he thought in contracts of this magnitude that it would be well for the Government to make it a condition that any member of Parliament should j resign his seat before his tender could be accepted. (Hear, hear.) The Hon. .H. B. T. STRANGWAYS did rot know whether the hon. member Mr. Stow wished to have the same weight attached to his opinions as he had attached to those of Mr. Hanson as a political leader, hut he was certainly net prepared to say that the hon. member was wrong ; lu his estimate of the value of the views of the | Chief Justice in the case of Mr. Bagot. The last ] speaker would probably have made very different remarks had lie heard the whole of the debate, llis belief was that he had not looked into the question at all as to whether the document before lion, members was a contract Lu any shape or way. If it was valid it could only be entered into by the Commissioner of Public Works as Commssiouer of Railways, for, as he had before stated, there was no power given him by Act to enter into the con tract in any other way than as was specified under the original City and Port Railway Act. The hon. member carefully avoided sayiug that the position held by the contractor was not au office, and went j upon the provision in the Constitution Act requir ing that the office should be during pleasure. Now, no que would say that the 17th clause of the Constitution Act, read as printed, expressed the jntentiou of the framersof that Act. The "during j pleasure" only applied to offices of profit, and not of pension. It appeared that every member of the House agreed that the hon. member for Light ought to have vacated his seat, and there could be no two opinions ou that subject. No doubt lie had satisfied himself to the contrary, and if that was to be regarded as a specimen of his high moral principle it was not such a one as would be shared in by other members of the House or by persons outside. The hon. raemlier maintained that lie did not hold office under the Government by reason of his contract, but he was in fact as much s servant of the Commissioner as his Secretary , Mr. Hutton—(No and Hear)-and must obey the Commissioner's orders in the same way. The Commissioner might prohibit his going into the railway yardB or his removing goods except during certain hours, and might make any regulations he thought fit as to the way the agreement should be carried out. As to the observations of the hon. member with regard to the law of the case, all lie could say was that he had more reliance upon Ins knowledge of horseflesh than of law. (Hear, hear) One specimen of Ins legal knowledge was contained in the statement that contractorsi were j not prevented from sitting in the English Parba ment—(No)—or that there were great doubts whether they could 6it there or not. ( n that sub ject he would refer to " May, pasre35, where it was stated that "The Act 22 Geo. IIL, c. 45, declares that any person who shall, directly, or indirectly, himself, or by any one in trust for him, undertake nnv contract with a Government department, shall k "inrMinililp 0f being elected, or of sitting or voting d^ne the ttae he"uSi hold each contract, or any sSthereXor any benefit or emolument arising from the same;" and the reason grven-and he asked the lion, member's attention to it—was be Sufe "Government contractors are disqualified from serving in Parliament, being supposed to be liable to the influence of their employers. (Hear, hear) And yet the lion, member said he was not to be subjected to the influence of the Commis sioner, who had it in his power to give what direc tions he thought fit to him. He should voteifor the motion of the Treasurer, and he hoped that would net be made a reason by any horn member for voting against it. (A laugh.) If the Committee should report that the hon. member for Light had not vacated, he believed hp would be able to con vinco a majority of tbe House that the Commis sioner of Public Works should cancel the contract, and enter into a legal arrangement for carrying on the work. He did not blame the t^vernment for committing the mistake of imagining they had power to enter into it. The hist contract for the Port hue was entered into with Mr. Fuller under the Act, and when a portion of the North line was completed his contract was extended to it, expiration of such contract a new one was entered into with Messrs. Hill & Go., without its bung observed that there was no provision in^the Act warranting such an agreement being entered mto. As to whether it was during pleasure ™ not depended on the contract itself, and lie believed that the Commissioner could terminate it when he thought proper. No one had been more surprised than himself at his first motion on, being affirmed without debate and without a dissentient voice; but as it had been passeih the least the House could do was to appoint a. Com mittee to see whether they were right in the con clusion they then arrived at, for the resolution could not now be cancelled. ^ ° d°ubt thi6 hpn. member for Light was not the first member of the House who had held Government contract, for he believed there were others now in the House who either by themselves or by thetrcpaI S"® 7w in a similar position; but it was the fi^t'methat a contract of this sort had been so prominently brought under the notice of Parliament in con nection with the position of the cont^tor under it. It had been suggested that he wished to get rid of the hon. member Mr. RounseveU l^rsomiily, but he had no wish to get him remo ved any more than he Iiad to remove many other members. (A laugh.) And as to desiring to get rid of an obnoxious member there had been tunes when his position as well as that of the Hon. A. Biyth wovud have been endangered could a motion have led to their being excluded from Parliament. (Hear, hear.) It had been put that the privileges of the House were the privileges of each member, and so they were: that the rights of each member should be carefully watched, so they ought, that the rights of each constituency should be respected, he admitted that; but the privileges and nghte of aii the members and all the constituencies should be guarded likewise, and it should not be permitted that a desirable course of action might be upset through the vote of a member who could be influenced by reason of having contract ot tius kind. No member of the House since the com mencement of responsible government nad ever before entered into an arrangement with tue Government involving so large an amount or pecuniary interest as the hon. member Mr. itoun sevell had done, and therefore there had been no contract entered into by a member before the sudden stoppage of which would entail so serious a persoual loss as would the stoppage ofthat entered into by the hon. member upon him. He contended that the contractor was removable at any time Dy the Commissioner, and that was not a right i position for a member of that House to occupy. ! An unscrupulous Commissioner of Public Works [ might make use of the fact that he had the power to entail a loss of some thousands of pounds on a I member to influence his vote. The decision of i this question by the Select Committee would settle I the practice until further legislation was passed. It had been said that tbe introduction of a,clause 1 in every proposed amendment of the Constitution Act providiug for the exclusion of contract&rs; from Parliament proved that there wa3 no provi I Bion of the kind now; but the tact was the clause ! was intended to settle doubts, the same way that I Acts, colonial and imperial, had been passed to put an end to doubts raised with regard to the validity ef laws without its being at all admitted i that those doubts had a real foundation. Mr. FULLER believed it was a fact that tbe ' Commissioner of Public Works could terminate the coutract by giving three months' notice: and to prove that, he referred hon. members to House Paper No. Si Cor 35). They would see the condi tions of tender, and the acceptance of Mx. John RounsevelTe tender according to such conditions. These conditions contemplated the cancelling of the contract in giving three months' notice, and he could not understand why that provision waB left out in the agreement unless it was done by the Government to secure some particular purpose. (Hear, hear.) He would be glad to bear the ex planation of the Commissioner of Public Works on tUflieTREASURES (Hon. T. Reynolds) in reply said he quite agreed that the House had been placed in a curious position, although he would not say whether it had arisen from the action of the Hon. Mr. Strangways, and from tbe fact that the discussion on liis first motion had not been adjourned. It was true there was no division on that motion, but there was a "No," and^tnat came from the Treasury benches. Tue position lie took was this—there appeared to be an evident disposition on the part of the House to hurry on tbe decision of this vety important question, and he had thought it necessary to take some action i lo prevent what might have borne the appearance : of an act of injustice to an individual member. { He had therefore moved for the appointment of a j Select Commiftee. He confessed that he weed j very nearly with the hon. member Mr. R. L fetow, and had before expressed his opinion that the case was not at all parallel to that of the Solicitor General iu 1857. The Hon. A. Biyth seemed to feel somewhat strongly on the subject; but tne a position the hon. member for Light now occupied j was the same as that occupied by him last year, when he was a contractor for the inland mau service, and if he was liable to be unseated now he was then. The hon. member Mr. Stow had suggested that the <roverament should nave insisted on the hon. member resigning nis seat msiDiico uu nit mwh. t i I — before taking this contract; but that would have ' been placing the Government in an improper ' been placing the Government in an improper ( position. The question of whether the member ! should retain his seat was one for himself and for the House, who was well able to protect its own rights. He believed the majority of hon. members would agree with the hon. members Messrs. Stow and Milne; but he must press the motion to a division, knowing that action must be taken on the report before it could have any operation in render ing vacant the seat of the hon. member for Light. As to the remarks of the hon. member Mr. Fuller, it was open to him to take action to ascertain ! whether the regulations had been tampered with, and no doubt he would do so. The motion was put and declared carried. Mr. R. L STOW called for a division. Ayes, 20.—The Commissioner of Crown Lands, the Commissioner of Public Works, Messrs. A. Biyth, Bower, Bright, Uarr. Cavenagh, Dunn, Everard, Fuller, Fisher, Hay, McCulIoch, Rid doeh, A. iStow, Strangways, Townsend. Umpher ston, Williams, and the Hon. the Treasurer (teller). Noes, 4.—Messrs. Coglin, Colton, Rankine, and R. L Stow (teller). Majority of 10 for the Ayes. The House then ballotted for members to serve on the Committee, and the following were elected: —The Attorney-General, Messrs. Boucaut, Garr, 1 R. L Stow, Strangways, and the Treasurer (mover). Power was given to the Committee to eaU for ; papers, persons, and records—to report on 9th I Auirust. SUTHERLAND'S ACT. Adjourned debate. ., „ On the motion of Mr. TOWN^EN D, the House resumed, the Ghairman reported progress, and the Committee obtained leave to sit again onTues CROWN* LANDS SALES IN THE SOUTH EAST, Mr. UMPHERSTON moved— " That there be laid on the table of this House a return of the quantity of Crown land sold, and the amount of money received for the same, within the Hundreds of Brinkley, Seymour, Malcolm, Bonney, and Baker." . Th'e hon. member intimated that he intended to take further action on receiving the returns if cir cumstances should require it. Carried. ; WELLINGTON AND THOMSON'S CROSSINGS. Mr. UMPHERSTON moved— _ "That there be laid on the table of this House a return of the number of passengers, vehicles, and stock crossed at the Wellington and Thomson's crossing-places respectively, from Jauuaty 1, 18(1(5. to March 31.1867." He moved this with the same object as the other mThen|COMMISSIONEE of PUBLIC WORKS (Hon. P. Santo) said the Government had no ob jection to the motion. Carried. HUNDRED OF LACEPEDE. Mr. RIDDOCH moved— „ ,. „ "That there be laid on the table of this House a return showing the quantity of land sold in the Hundred of Lacepede, the price realized for such land, and who are the owners." The return would assist lion, members in coming to a correct decision as to the proposed railway. _ Tlie TREASURER (Hon. T. Reynolds) said it was unusual to ask for the names of the owners lb was unusual irv ado. ivi tue w* of the land, and so far the returns could not b« furnished, but there would be no objection to the other part of the motion. Mr. RIDDOCH should prefer the motion m its P The'COMMISSIONER of CROWN LANDS (Hon. L. Glyde) said the Government had 110 means of knowing the names of other than the original purchasers of the laud. Mr. TOWNSEND. as seconder of the motion, imagined that the hon. mover would only expect to receive such information as was in the posses sion of the Government. Mr. RIDDOCH asked leave to amend Ins motion by inserting after the " showing" the words ' as far as possible." _ , , The Hon. H. B. T. STRANGWAYS remarked that the Government could easily get at the legal owners of the iand by tracing the operations since the land grants by means of the documents in the Registry Office. ... . ,, , Mr. STOW concurred m that view, and hoped the motion would be pressed as it stood. ne lUDUUi' WWUlU Ml. FiW-JWU av wvwwv. Mr CARR observed that no doubt there were some lands under the old system, the ownership, of which could not he traced through the Registry Office.—(Hear, hear; and Mr. Stow— Not xn the Hundred of Lacepede.") Leave to amend was refused, and the motion was carried as printed. , , The other business was rearranged, and at Zj minutes to 0 the House adj'ourncd until next day at a quarter to 2. 