Neither wisdom nor equity presided at the deliberations of the House of Assembly during the past week, when the resolution was carried which provides for the issue of free passes on 'the rail way to members of Parliament. Equity could not have been present ; biecause the northern members who use the line had notoriously an advantage, both in comfort and economy, over their southern brethren, who are compelled to make a ! lengthy, wearisome, and expensive journey by coach before they arrive at the scene of their labors in the ~ metropolis. It cannot be expected that such £ decision, containing so obvious an amounf of un fairness and injustice, will remain a per manent one. As the members for the south have paid the northern ones so handsome a compliment, they will natu rally look for a return of the same in the' shape of a motion for free passes in , coaches, -omnibuses, &c.;— something on the principle of 'I scratch your back, ybu scratch mine.' And a consultation of the division-list taken on the resolu tion being earned, will go fer towards shewing ' that they have ^probably not built their lopes in vain. They have piped to the hon. member for Stanley, and he will not be likely to refuse to danee unto them. They have mourned onto hint, and he will scarcely be so un gratefiiil as not to weep in return. A short time since, at we xequesi oi a public meeting, he accompanied a depu tation to town whieh went to urge upon t&eOommnent; the advisability of a reduction in passenger fares-. Then lie soinewhat astonished lu® hearers by of the deputation of which he formed a part. Sow, with a charming consistency, that-he j^nd his broker MeP,'« %#d ha ve feee,p^sses, which ihe higV prices chafgEp tb hie constituency will, it. 'is'to be ^ioped, bi^jp to lijguxd^te. Really, there are some persons who will I tajse any money, no matter how dirty it - iany conBideratioiis that m^lae Ewakene&l;^^ Individual m|m6e^ Joel this occasion, it is Hrorth white^ti&ook; ^ ^e mal^jer ; in a'' broader light. Members of Parliament wfll of course use th«ir passes, as it is intended xhey should do, on all occasions when - they travel 1 on the lin& *; The! bestowal of such a grant involves the tacit confe^ion thak they are deserving ^f »ome remuneration for their services, eitlier from motives of charity or justice. It is not a question that we care to argue whether this is a time to -devise a scheme' of eleemosynary relief for the ifepresentatives *of the nation. But it must be manifest to all tbat there will ? be great injustice if each member was: paid alike. Eor instance, it the member, jbr' Staxfley was weighed' by bis fown steelyards, and his merits apportioned at per- pound, he would receive a good round figure, but otherwise - we are at a loss to . perceive on what -principle of fairness he could reasonably expect an equal salary, with say, either of the members for Yatala. IJnder almost any imaginable circumstances some hon. members 'would be very: dear at their money, unless a competitive examination was commenced, which -might be produc tive of some good, but still, we fear, would not meet the emergency. To us it seems that this step is the key-Stone of a thorough change in our constitution. Hitherto a member of Parliament has been honored- by the confidence reposed in him by his constituency; whereas, if the new policy is in the ascendant, he will simply be their paid servant. It is one way of lowering the standard of our representatives, which in too many instances has been quite low enough already. Hon. members have made the first move towards debasing themselves. Instead of a member going into Parlia ment for the honor of the thing, he would^ under a system of paid membership, go in for the *' screw ' attached to the office. Instead of going in to debate upon mea sures, to deliberate for the common wei], he would have his hands tied, and be pledged beforehand to do certain things In many instances he would be a dummy in name as well as in nature. Under such circumstances it must be obvious that it would be useless to choose men of superior intelligence. Those would be returned who would make: the most unqualified and unconditional promises. Some members are not very particular now what pledges: they give to catch votes ; bt$ then a class would come for ward who would be even less so, and who would promise all iand sundry, for the sake of a few hundreds per annum. A man with that expensive luxury — a con science — would not stand the ghost of a chance against the unscrupulous man with none. The division which was taken on the resolution which was passed ought to point to electors the importance of returning independent and not needy members to represent them in Parlia ment. One - member for the district around this town who will be immensely more benefitted than anyone elsa by the carrying out of the resolution, voted against it, whilst , another (on principle we suppose) threw his vote into the scale in favor of it. We take it to be a fair presumption that those members who voted for the resolution must consider the Treasuiy as fair game to be looted by them on every possible occasion. It is as a rich cake . dangling before their eyes, out ofwhich they would, like the greedy boys in the tales, constantly be picking out plums, if they had the oppor tunity. It is as a. cow, which they ea ch want to milk for their own individual benefit, when they can seize liold of a teat; and as, unfortunately, there is not a teat provided for .each, there must, of course, be a little scuffing at milking tune. . But if a Bill could be passed giving each member a Minister's salary, then each member would have a teat of his own. The fact appears to be over looked that the Treasuiy contains the people's money, the wasteful expenditure of which members are sent up to guard against. In some instances they seem to show a disposition to be the first to pilfer therefrom. -? Eibe.— The alarm of fire was given in Gawler on the evening of Wednesday, the 4th inst., but ' fortunately it was' found to have proceeded only from a chimney belonging to Mr. Dean, in Murray-street, which had accidentally began to burn. A number of persons Boon assembled, and the fire was promptly extinguished. 