THE BALLARAT MINING, DISPUTE. I Yesterday, a deputation from the Hand ' and Band Company waited upon the Chief Secretary, the Minister of Mines, and the Commissioner of Roads and Railways, at the Treasury-buildings, for the purpose of urging the Government to issue without delay the lease which had been objected to by the City of Melbourne Company. The deputation consisted of Mr. Gillies, M.L.A. ; Mr. Davies, M.L.A. ; Mr. Colvin ; Mr. Graham, manager of the Hand and Band Company ; Mr. Whelan, one of the directors and Mr. Ochiltree of the Park Company. Mr. GILLIES opened the subject, by stating that Mr. Graham had come down to town from the Hand and Band Company with power to accept the lease which had been applied for and he was anxious to know if the Government saw their way to fulfil their promise, and issue the lease. Mr. MACGREGOR observed that the lease must issue from the Mining department. Mr. GILLIES said that Mr. Dyte had been led to understand that there were some difficulties in the way, and the result had been that there was a general want of confidence as to the issue of the lease. He would point out that if this lease was issued the company would be able to employ 1,000 more men at the end of the fortnight. If there was any chance of the City of Melbourne Company being able to establish a claim, the deputation would not have come before the Government to press the point. Indeed, if it was only a question of money, they could buy over the City of Melbourne Company for a few hundred pounds ; but they believed the real object of that company was to extract money, for they had not a ghost of a right to show. Mr. DAVIES said that the Hand and Band Company were willing to take upon themselves all the onus of the action with the City of Melbourne Company, and "the Government need not trouble themselves about that company at all. The Hand and Band Company were also quite prepared to give a guarantee that they would abide by any decision which might be come to. The legal opinion of gentlemen second to none in the colony was, that there was no danger what ever to the Government in granting the lease, and that there never had been any danger. Mr. MACGREGOR could only repeat what he had stated to a former deputation, that a promise was given to both Houses of Parliament that the lease should not issue until after the injunction motion in the Supreme Court was disposed of. The deputation were, of course, aware that the motion had not yet been disposed of. He regretted that so much delay had taken place ; but it appeared to have been caused by the action of the Court itself. He, therefore, felt that he must observe the promise he had made. He would say this, however, that if any further delay did take place, and that it was caused, not by the action of the Court, but by the City or Melbourne Company, he should feel himself at liberty to issue the lease in the way indicated, viz., saving the rights of parties which existed previous to its issue. He did not see that the Government could do otherwise. Instructions were expressly given to the Crown law department that there should be" no delay whatever in the case, but that it should be pressed on with the utmost speed. It being no fault of the Government that the delay had taken place, they could not go back from their promise, while they felt j justified in saying that if there was any further delay caused by the action of the City of Melbourne Company they would issue the lease at once. Mr. OCHIM'KKB asked the Government to notice the extreme hardship inflicted on the district even by an hour's delay. Mr. M'CoLLOon asked when the case would stand a chance of being heard 1 Mr. DAVIES replied on Tuesday week. Mr. GILLIES.-And then, of course, there will be another adjournment. Mr. M'CULLOCH repeated the promise made by the Minister of Mines, that if anything was done by the objecting company to postpone the proceedings, the Government would feel justified in taking the step which he had indicated. Mr. COLVIN dwelt upon the fact that there had been a month's delay already, and it was always promised that at the end of that time the lease should be issued. Every inquiry had been made into the bona fides of the objec- tion-yet the month had expired, and the lease had not issued. Were men to spend years and years, and any amount of money, and then be exposed to ruinous delays by any scamp who chose to lay claim to their ground under a miner's right 1 Mr. MACQBEQOR admitted that there was very great hardship in the matter, but he was not inclined to lay the blame on the Government. The lease had been in course of preparation, and was about to be issued, but legal proceedings having been commenced the Government felt bound to adopt the course they had. Mr. DAVIES had understood that a promise had been given to issue the lease after the 3rd of October. Mr. MACGREGOR said that this was not the case. What he said was, that it was antici- pated that the motion would come on for hearing on the 3rd of October, and that the Government would issue the lease when it was disposed of, The Hand and Band Company had full control over the proceedings and the Government being disposed to force or the matter so far as they were concerned, did not feel themselves responsible for any of the delays. Mr. SULLIVAN repeated the promise which had been given by his colleagues. Mr. GILLIES remarked that even then came to this, that there was the greatest uncertainty as to when the lease would to issued. The Minister of Mines might so fresh difficulties in the way by and by, and then the matter would be just the same a before. Mr. M'CULLOCH said that of course there was uncertainty about the matter to some extent ; but the Government were anxious t do all they could, and he really did not see what more could be expected from them. Mr. GILLIES remarked that the lease ought to have been issued at the end of the month and it certainly was the general opinion did not speak for himself that the whole affair was a blunder of the Mining department, and that there was the greatest uncertainty now as to when the loose would b issued. He would point out that the piece of land which the City of Melbourne Company claimed was extremely small, for, according to the bye-laws, as they held only sixty miners' rights, and were an unregistered company, they could only claim thirteen acres altogether. Could not the lease b issued, the Hand and Band Company undertaking to guarantee that if this land we granted to the City of Melbourne Company they should have it without delay? ' Mr. MACGREGOR said he was prepared to make a proposal It was this he was quite prepared to issue the lease, excluding the ground the subject of this injunction, leaving the lease for the thirteen acres to be issued after the disposal of the motion, on these conditions mentioned as to the whole of the lease. In reply to Mr. M'Culloch, Mr. OcniLTKEB said that the whole of th lease included 720 acres. Mr. MACGRBCOB.-Are you prepared to take it on these conditions ? Mr. OCHILTREE,-Yes ; we will accept a willingly. Mr. DAVIES.-It is a capital solution of the difficulty. The other members of the deputation having expressed their concurrence in the proposal, Mr. Macgregor promised to have the necessary inquiries as to the area of ground affected by the _ injunction motion made without delay, with a view to the immediate issue of the lease. The interview then terminated. 