. . ' . " -.V "TV THE 17ESLEY>H7 CHURCH ANNI- YEESARY, BEECHWORTH. d.- ..v. i...v fublio tea meeting. !' - :'r V f. ' I'Gte" V ; - 7 i-.'V >, v;.- ; . 1 vri: j" v.. , 7 -r— — -. . . ." j A jfcca meeting of the Wesleyan body ; took place! on Thursday evening last at 1 St George's Hall, to celebrate the shir- teenth ' anniversary of tliat church' in Beeehworth. And here perhaps it would i not be unappronriate to introduce a : 'description of the Ohurch, as it has been ! — I v-n a: i_ +1, nl.mo and I renuviiueu auuuraiui; to mc jiumo ! specifications of Mr Parnham, and under : the contract of Mr John Stevens. The Church which used "to be dignified with ' an extinguisher on its front, and from which the plaster was always falling both ; from the inside and the. outside, until it \- became not only a miserable place to look at, hut to sit in, at length became so dolapidatcd that something must be done. The Weslevans under these cir cumstances answered to 'a man and I woman, and said, "Let. us do it in God's name, to God's house, and we will "find the iheahs." It .would" cost, however, about £500 to make it com plete, but even this did not, deter them, and now it stands a meritorious monu ment, proclaiming that the well-known zeal of the Wesleyans / is , felt:; _ and answered here on'the .boundary /of; civdli- "'frnt.inn in A n « f. i'rt.1 1 a. ' Wa OT1CG "01' twice seen the inside of the Church in its former state, and we have just seen it in its new garments. It. is not like the same place. Formerly, it looked cold in winter and hot in ' summer with its bare ziuc roof, giving a chill in one season and an idea of sun stroke in the other. The roof supports were painted a sickly yellow, which was not improved by the flies, and the whole place wore a cold unwholesome, and delapidated ap- ' pearance. The seats were incommodious, the -pulpit like an auctioneer's box — - indeed it is at present occasionally acting the part of one — and the choir bare and unfinished. Now all is changed as if by the hand of a magician. The walls are neatly , plastered and cut out into stone work, handsome waiuscotting has been carried all round the Ohurch, elegant and most (virnrmri.el-iln sfifiite have been inlmdaao-i i The choir has been made neat and com- . modious, and the pulpit is like a pulpit, : | being indeed nearly perfectly painted in ' ' light, oak — we think it is — by Mr George Robinson. The windows have been ; colored, and the portico raised and made i pleasant looking ; ihe roof supports have been painted a dark mahogany, sho. - ing well against the wainscoLted ceiling ; ot pale blue, which gives a light and ; open air appo trance to the church as if ; it was the clear heaven above you. Bo- j sides, this ceiling, as a matter of course, j entirely obviates the objections to the 1 zinc roof above. Altogether, the whole ; building as it stands is most ore- i ditahle to the congregation, the planner : and tho contractor, and will compare ; favorably with any church in Beech- ; worth. There were not so many 1 persons present oh that occasion as is generally the case, hut tho hail was more than half fail, and there w is, of course, a good majority of ladies. The " tea" was everything that could be desired, and a quiet gaiety and enthusiasm was ; one of the must marked features of the evening. After the tables, had been i\ moved, and the hall restored to its usual state, the chair was iakoa by the Rev Mr Dodgson, in the absence of Mr Parnham, who it was thought would have occupied that .position. Wo ob serve.-.! on the platform, besides the revoreua cnairman, the Rev. Messrs. Brown, from Yackandandah, Crone, from Wangaratta, Neale, from Albury, MacMiiian, Presbyterian clergyman, Beechworth, Mr Witt, the honorary treasurer, and Mr E. Brooke, the hon. secretary. Airer the Rjv Mr Crone had offered ; up prayer, The CHAIRMAN regretted the absence of Mr paynham, who was to have taken the chair, and also regretted that the gathering was not so large as could have bvoii desired ; bat their meeting hap pened to fall between the happy chil dren's fete which they had all just witnessed, and the Christmas holidays. The newspapers also informed them that Government had closed their coffers, and so the Government servants and others were left without their money. Still, so far as their collections were concerned, I they had been very fair, although people i were not in a position, from all these ; causes, to give very liberally, and the j Committee, he believed, were very much pleased with what had been done in this j respect. As Chairman, however, he had I not so much to address them as to ask ' them to deport themselves properly j daring the proceedings, a task which he I was happy to say was entirely unneces sary amongst a community such as theirs, where all appeared to know how to conduct themselves on all proper occasions. Improvements had been made in- their Church which were some thing more than mere alterations. Great comfort had been added to ths Church, with the loss of only two or three seats. He need not speak of the beauties and adornments which had been added, which they could see for themselves. The great desideratum now was, that they should all be united in the baptism of the Holy Ghost, and acknowledge the goodness of that Divine power which no man could deny. There .was great ne cessity for them to unite in prayer for the descent of the Holy Ghost, and the raising up of Christ's "power against sin. He then called upon the hou. treasurer to read the report. '- ! Mr "WITT then came forward and. read the report," as follows : — report of the avesleyan church building co aimittee. . 1 In the concluding paragraph of the report presented liv t.hn i\t fr.hf Wml/ifin I..-. reference was made to the organization of a Building Committee by- whom tho affairs of the Wesleyan Church property would in future be managed ; also td extensive improvements which were at that time in contemplation. The Wesleyan Church Building Committee then constituted now have the pla isnre of presenting this their flrst report: and in doing so would observe thai owing to the enormous cost of materials in the early days of the gold field-; when the .Wesleyan. Church at Beechworth was erected, and the high rate of wages then ruling, the interior of the Church was realty never properly finished, whilst that portion which was completed had fallen into a very bail condition". Several years exposure to the weather- liad caused the exterior aiso to assume a very deiapi- dated appearance. Under these circurastauoes it was absolutely necessary that something should be done to restore the Church anil render it clean, neat, and comfortable to worship in. The Committee met to take the matter into consideration. A proposal was thrown out by one of the members of that Committee that six gentlemen should subscribe £(J0 per annum, . ; payable in. £5 .hioDthly instalmehfs. The originator .. j: yj-M:; V JW of suggestion said ho .would make one of the ihtoer two ether gentlemen also" agreed, but tuere. wo3 son's little difficulty in making up the number to six still it was felt on all hands that such extreme liberality should - be taken advantage of, and the three gentlemen who had premised to simscrtee the sixty pounds per annum having modifceu the con dition upon which they made that offer to the eilect that if an eaual amount were fortnwjth scoured lor the purpose of renovating the building, they wsiud abide by their promise. The whole amount or £abO was, therefore, snsedily subscribed, anil riio Com mittee felt justified in at once taking steps to carry out the nccessarv alterations. Fortunately one ot the gentlemen on "the Committee was thoroughly ex perienced in tile the construction, and improving or public edifices, and he kindly consented to prepare the necessary plans and speeiticarion Idth pine bo'ante.kmldng andCfitting up a new pulpit i A L»:i ii.irfinne fir tlie flOOr. : making a lobby and 'new pews for the whole of the Church wainscotting tho building all round, staining, < paintin", varnishing, and finishing these fitting, re- coloriDg and lining the walls, and various other in ternal improvements : the removing of the front gable and putting up a handsome Alaltese cross in place of. : the same, cementing the front, Ac., <fcc. Having the designs and specifications thus prepared, tenders were Milled for bv advertisement, and that of Air ' John Stevens' accented. Although the time originally specified for completing these wo.ks was far exceeded, " yet the Committee have much pleasure in announcing that they are at last finished,, and they have now a neat and comfortable sanctuary in which to worsmp the God of their Fathers. They are gratified to be able to announce that most of the pews have been already : let, a few, however, are at present unoccupied but thev believe that very soon these will be enquired ior. Having effected these improvements ih the material building, they earnestly desire to witness greater pros perity and improvement in the spiritual edifice and . pray 'that God might be pleased to prosper th.- labors ; of their esteemed Minister, so that through his in- j strumentality many mav be brought to a saving ; knowledge of the truth as it is in Jesus, and that at | : last it may be said of our Beechworth Zion. ' this | man and that man were born there." The total - cost of the alterations is, including puljiit and communion : furniture and fitting, about £500. £3.<iO having been subscribed, there will be, when these subscriptions are realised, a deficit on the improvements alone of £140, which the Committee trust tile memuers of the Church and congregation will assist in liquidating as speedily jis possible. .. The thanks of the Committee are specially due and are hereby presented to Airs Dodgson for her kindness in furnisliing the communion with the carpet and table cover, also to Mrs Cooper for providing the communion and pulpit cushions. The Committee 'cannot conclude this report without expressing their high appreciation of the gratuitous, but verv valuable and efficient, sendees rendered by Air Farnham in preparing the plans and specifications and attending so assiduouslv to the execution of'tlia . same. Tliey will ever remember his kindness, and as. ; he is about to return to Melbourne, they desire to as- I sure him that he will earrv with iiim their high ; esteem anil best wishes, and they pray that the : blessing of Gcil might ever rest upon him. j The Rev. Mr McMILLAN said he j Lad to congratnlats the Cliairmau ou . tlie improvements v/nich had recently ; been made in the house of God in which they assembled for the most/ exalted of all pur pores — the worship of the Almighty. Money could not be spout in a better service, or for a j nobler purpose. Those who had given i in this cause he trusted might re- j .".'.lr,! In fl-no "irPr- an hundred .folds and in I the world to come life everlasting. Of all institutions, the Christian Ohurch had the first claim for support. 'While Educational and Charitable Institutions were of the very first importance, and while they had a very high claim upon the interest and liberality of the commu nity, and while he trusted that interest and liberality would continue to increase on behalf of such institutions, yet even before these they must place the claims , of the Christian Church. He who has; given men the silver and gold ought « surely to receive at their hands, for the maintenance of His cause and the exteu- j si on of His kingdoiu, a part of what he has so bountifully given them; Money is one of the most precious gifts which the good Being lias given to. man. For theuseoffcliisgiit, as an accountable being, he is snroly responsible. Tie should like exceedingly that every Christian person should recognise the claims which the Christian Church has upon him, and that lie should actively take an interest : in its maintenance and extensiou. ! He should like that each one should devote cheerfully arid kindly to the service of Christ, to the promotion of religion at home and abroad, some part, however small, of his means r.s a token of gratitude to the giver of all good for tho bounties of Providence which lie enjoys. If all their people were to do this ; if each one were- to dis charge tliis duty as a most sacred obli gation, he believed he would receive in return a blessing on all his living. " There is that scattereth, and yet in crease!, h ; there is that withholdeth more than is meet, and it tcadeth to poverty." He then referred to a sub ject which has recently been engaging a good deal of attention, indeed he might say all attention iu this colony, viz., tho visit .of Bis Royal Highness the Duke of Edinburgh. He had not the privilege, on the occasion of his recent visit to the beautiful capital of the colony, of wit nessing the landing of the Prince and the welcome whieh he received at the hands of tho people. He regretted this most deeply. It was a sight which in all likelihood would not be witn essed again in their day in any of theAustraiian colo nies. Far away though they were iu the colony, shut out. from much communica tion with other parts .by tho miserable roads over which they had to travel, ren dering it a, very serious undertaking indeed to venture . away from their own homes, he felt certain that there were not in the far-reaching dominions of Queen Yiotoria a more loyal body of people than the inhabitants of this district. Had His Royal Highness done them the honor of paying theui a visit, although assuredly the;/ could not for a moment nave venDare.i to mane tne same display which the wealth and population of other parts of the colony had enabled them to makq, still their welcome would have been no less cordial. He trusted that the short residence of the Priuce in these colonies would be produc tive of much good ; that it might unite more closoly than ever the tie which bound them to their native land; that it might help to increase their feelings of .attachment to the. person of their beloved Sovereign, and of loyalty to her throne ; and that it might teud to unite all classes of tho people in ouo feeling of brotherhood and affection. The visit of the Royal Prince reminded them as a people of the eminent civil blessings with which they were favored, and that remote though they, were, under the protection of that great power which God had evidently raised up to be a blessing to the ends of the earth. He trusted that the Prince might be presorvetl in health ; that , ho : might be delivered from all danger by land, ou his voyage home that he might bo guided by Him who turneth the storm into a calm, and who is the confidence of them who are afar off upon the sea. Christians ought of ail men io be loyal subjects. They-we enjoined while they feared God to honsfcshe King. They were. commanded to make supplica tion -for kings' and for all who. are in authority. .They had every reason to. be most attached-to their beloved sovereign- whose liie.was an example to her people, 'and':he"was sure thpy joined most heartily ' . /"' / :- .!-- / ! " ->./. : r "/ : / "A""/ f v;;'/"/// -'j ..a...: - jV " TV—-: vin the prayer that their Gracious Queen .; might long be spared lb reign over. a. i pious, peaceful, and prosperous peofiie. i The Rev Mr BR0 V7N said that his ! being called upon to speak first reminded ; him of the countryman, who said ho could not get on. a pair, of boots until he wore them for a while. Sometimes when administer preaches, he takes a text and" dwells on it" for a while ; he would take' a single syllable for his, and that was r " Tea." . Now he knew something of . shnrfchflfm!/ ft/ncl Iia Imowr +tif ' +«« ' — - 7 muv UCtt UUlUO. !be spelt T-E-A, or T by itself, or Ty. He did not know very much about tea, : as he was not a grocer, although he had. heard his mother say that a mixed tea was the best.- -But. there Was another mixed " ty" that was better than that, , and that was Christiani-fi/, and he had. found it very good since God first- spoke- to his soul, and filled his heai-t with love, and peace, and joy. Oh! Christianity- is a gracious tiling V Sometimes, when, they considered their position and pros- psrity as a nation, might they not trace- it all back to Christianity ? What made that meeting, with its civilising influences, - better than ..a corroboree? /All their comforts, all their conveniences might be traced to Christianity.- It was adapted- to all classes of men, to all states of society, to all climes, from the sun of' f.bft finrtfltm trt tlVo i»a.rvP.tKa..v>n1a ' was another kind of " ty" that mixed: very well with Christiani-ri/, and that ivas. moraii-fi/. . It would not do without. ' - Christianity, but still it was a very good - thing. It. reminded him of a ship with two anchors, having cables of; different." lengths. The short cable wis all right . . in smooth and shallow water, but no- captain could venture to- sea without the- long cable also. There was also respcc- tabih-c//, which often takes the place off Christianity. Compare this cold-hearted respectability with that which it too often displaces ; and when respectability gets into a church, then good bye to- prosper! D/. Then there was that cup of liber-///, which they aTl, English, Irish and Scotch, drank together; and thoy- had also a large shave of liberal! fi/. They could not get on at all- without. 1lharn.ll fiv rsri.'l i tlmr rKrl nof rri rrrx f K i ; ' 41 : Lord would take. There, was once a : woman who refused .to give her usiijil' | half-crown to the church, and the Ciergv- ; man -said to her, "If yon do not give i the Lord will take," but she kept her ! lialf-erowa and went home and milked. : her cow ; but just as her pail was full : the cow gave it a kick and emptied it., j " Ah," she said, "if you do not give ! the Lord will take ; I had better pay my i half-crown, before the Lord takes my calf, ' as well as my milk." There was uni ; without which they could not get ou, and a great many other "tys," <<uke as good land better even than the good i; tea"" thoy had just enjoyed. The Est. Mr CRONE then addressed those present, but as our reporter was. : called out at this point, we cannot give I even a sketch of his animated address. ; He, however, pointed out that religion | was not necessarily asceticism. God., had no doubt intended the hills and | fiowers and the waters to be admired! i Men and women did not hold out ! 1-hoir hands to! each other as Christ I had held out his to Mary Magdalene | and the publican. The body ought to be educated as well as the soul, and improved by healthy and iaaocpnt. exercise. Altogether he looked on the bright side of things, and thought that man beat worshipped God by appvcciat- inn f.lio ff/i/irl Klitnrrc wliu»Vi liA Imfl fHYfill o them. Th e Rev. Mr NEALE , of Albury, then made a kind of parting address, as he was about to leave this portion ol the Murray district. It was more solemn than addresses generally are on sncn occasions, and was more in the nature of an admonition ; warning them that there was a great failing off in their zeal, and exhorting them not to forget their duties to God. Mr BROOKE then rose and proposed a vote ol thanks to the ladies for their kindness, in providing the tea. Mr WITT seconded the motion, and mentioned Mrs' Cooper and Mrs Dodgson for special kindness and liberality to the church. , After which a, eollection was made, aud the meeting was. brought to a close by the jRev. . Mr Dodgson pronouncing the benediction. , Wesleyan Church, .Chilterx.— The Rev. F. Neale, Wesleyan Minister, "of Albury, wili preach in 'the Wesleyan Church, Chiltefnj'on Sunday next (to morrow), at 11 o'clock. The Tolls Question. — The question as to the abolition of the toll on the Mel bourne road came before the meeting oi ii-.. QI-itta VASilGrcklV but? .Utf OUilA> UL ».u UiiUV/ J „ Tho resolutions, amendments, ana counter- resolutions will sufiicieutlv ex plain what was done, and we fear we aio to have a cordon of toll-gates shutting that town off—' ' servo it right," of courso some people will say— from free commu nication with all ihe townships- around mfc. This, however, cuts both ways, jue Evert-on Toll-gate entailed the necessity, as we urcdicted when it was estabhsac-', of having another toll- gate at the Horse shoe Gap road, and as sure as we aw living this will entail anotner on tlie l<i Dorado road before another year is out : Because carriers, like all men, have an instinctive antipathy to barricades whore they are stuck up for payments, ie chief argument, we believe, in mvor ot toils is this, that while they exist m oue districts along the road, we would have to pav the extra price or: gooris vvlitoL the tax entails without getting any beneuc. ourselves. Even that is shortsightea _ . , ,1. _ Ars hof, is true ana Let US oe tne in so tu uu right on the lace of it, and we will i£-i the benefit and have the otner (l!ot- " following our example, as ail the na and colonies on tho earth are lollow- o. the example of England in the w Free Trade,— except, perhaps, etor £ But in order to prevent any lluo ' , I vantage being taken bv any J; ..j Board through which a road Pa;Act \ would say "-abolish all tod-gates o> j of Barhmnent,;and let Govj ; j what -eveiT -sane-, man acknowie . country." -- - - - - - - _ j \- - 1 