Midday Mejetiko. 1 he public meeting in connection with this Jubilee, was held in tbe Australian Library, Beat-street, shortly before nocn, the chair being taken by His Excellency Sir John Young. Among the clergy present were tho Bishop ef Svikey, the Sean of Sydney, the Bevs. Dr. Sbel, C. Pitt man, Dr. Tucker, S. F. Maokende, T. Hassall, W. Luus daine, S. C. Kent, G. H. Moreton, Thoman Smith, Adam Thomson, B. L. King, H. H. Gaud, B. ManBfield, W. Keljnack, E. Griffiths, J. E. Vetch, J. M'Gibbon, W. ? filaijer, J. West, H. S. King, James Milne, T. Johnson, K. Saliniere, T. Bogers. and W. Gunther. There were alto present, the Hon. G. AUen. M.L.C., the Hon. S. D. Gordon, M.L.C., Dr. Macfarlane, Dr. Charles, Captain DnmareBq, Messrs. G. F. Wise, John Fairfax, J. D. Laugley, Mitchell, Bichardsoa, J. Thompson, J. Adams, H. Meore, A. Fairfax, and a large number of ladies and gentlemen. Altogether about five hundred persons were in attendance. Tbe Bev. E. BeoEBfe, clerical eecretaryto the New South Wales Auxiliary Society, prefaced the business of the meeting by reading a portion of the Scripture, and offering up a prayer. Mr. G. F. Wise, the lay secretary, then read the follow ing statement : — We arc assembled Lcre tliif morning under eircuinitanccs of peculiar Uterest. We have met to celebrate the jubilee of the Kiw Sooth Wales Auxiliary or the British and Foreign Bible Society ; and your committee, in presenting a statement of the society's operations, desire to acknowledge, vrith devout thank fulness, the goodness of Almighty God in permitting them to witness the fiftieth anniversary or its formation. While invitiBff their friends to join inthe celebration of its iv.bilee, youv committee arc forcibry reminded of the passage of Iloly Writ,' other men have laboured, and ye have entered into their labours.' Those who formed the society and nursed it into strength and vigour hare passed away to their eternal rest. Among its cailie&t; friends and strenuous supporters, we would especially mention the names or the late llev. Samuel Marsden and the venerable Archdeacon Cowpcr. To their exertions, mair.iy, this Auxiliary owe! its existence, and from its very commencement they took an active and zealous interest in all its proceedings, devoting to it their influence, and talcate, and Fifty years have (rased away eincc this Auxiliary was first icstitutcd. It was, established oa the 7th March, 1317, at the tvggc&Uoc; of the Right Honorable Lord Teignmouth, then r.-esidcat of the Parent Society, under the sanction and with the liberal assistance of bis Excellency Governor Macquarie, his Honor Lieutenant Governor Molls, the Judges, and many other persons of rank and influence in the colony. Amid the many changes and vicissitudes through which the' colony has patted *-ince then, thifl valuable society has lived on. It has had to struggle through many .difficulties and adversities, contending nt'aina and surmounting the opposition of its enemies, as well C* toe lukewarm indifference of its professed Mends ; ever s,tri\ing to carry out the great object ot its founders, as stated in the first report— 'to co-optratc with the British and Forcipi liiblc Society in promoang amongst all classes the distiibution of tlic Holy Scriptures without note or comment.' And now, in '.lie fiftieth Tear of its existence, with the same single object still in vitw, it appears before you more vigorous than ever, with the representative of her Majesty, occupying its chair at annual meetings, and the representative? of almost every rrotestant tii nomination edvocatingite cause. The formation of the auxiliary was pregnant with advantages :n the colonv, which soon became manifest. Prei'ious t - its establishment tbe scarcity of the bcripturts both in Sydney and throughout the country was most appalling; and the society's trst attention was to the supplying this pressing need. Through various agencies it distributed the Scriptures not oniy in the city :md the suburbs, but in the interior and in the outlying districts, where there were many who wore destitute of almost every mean* of religious instruttion. It immediately formed associa tions in the several inland towns, and a branch was established in TaEmaBia for the promotion of its one great, object— ihe giving to everv household a copy of that volume which teaches men how they may live peacefully and happy on earthy and prepares Nothing ot moment occurred in the society's history until the discovery of the gold-fields in 1851, when tbe tide of immigra tion brought in many thousands of adventurers. The committee at once put fortb every effort to introduce the Scriptures among the rapidly increasing population, and, for the first time, estab lished a system of colportage, similar to what exists so exten sively on the Continent of Europe. The colpcrtcurs traversed the various districts of the colony with a rtock of Bibles and Testaments, carrying to the very doors of the people the words of (tirnal life. From 1852 to lS5iMibout£120O were spent in support of them, towards which the parent society granted £100 ; and by th eir agency nearly 90M copies of the Scriptures were put into eiiTuhition among those who might never otherwise have beard the glad tidings which the Bible makes known. After a fetr years, however, your committee felt constrained to relinquish ibie valuable agency, owing to tbe scattered state of the popula tion, and the great expense and difficulty or the work, ond have sought to establish branch societies and depots for the sale of the Scriptures. Within the last ten years tbe raciety haa been gradually ad vancing. In 1850, the Kcv. M. II. Beechor and Thomas Charles, litq., visited the colony as a deputation from the parent society, und were successful in exciting a deep interest on be-half of the .-ociety throughout the colony. More than forty branches were formed by them, and many that were lukewarm and in opera tion they revived. The aumber of branches at present iH connec tion witu this auxiliary is onlj twenty-six. Tliit arises from the auxiliary itself having been liiv it*d in in. ex tent. The branches in Queensland, Goulburn, Farramatti, Muit land, and Newcastle have constituted themselves independent auxi tiurics,' and have attached to them all the brunches in their immediate neighbourhoods. This arrangement has not been without its advantages, inasmuch as it bas been the means of calling into operation other branches and affording increased aid to tbe parent society. since the formation of this auxiliary there has been trans mitted to the parent society, as free contributions, tbe hum of £*S2C 8s. Id. And no fewer than 112,022 copies of the Scriptures have been sold. Tour committee have much pleasure in stating that the first portions of Scriptures translated into any language in the South I'acific, being parts of tbe New Testament in Maori, were printed here in Sydney at the cost of the society. Three thousand copies rf portions of the New Testament in th.i Nieu lingujge have nlso been printed by your auxiliary ; the whota of which were immediately disposed of on arrival at Savage Island. A complete edition of the New Testament in the same language is now being j.ubllshcil, and will shortly be ready. Your committee save also i onf cmed to bear the expense of printing and publishing the Now Testament hi the Maori language whenever the translation is ready. The paper for this and also for the Nieu Testament, I'.as been sent out by the parent society. Large grants of Bibles and Testaments, amounting to nearly 10,000 copies, have been made at different times by the parent society, for gratuitous distribution to the Sabbath schools within this auxiliary ; the whole of which have been judiciously issued, and have proved of g-rcat asHFtocce to those w ho are engaged in the re-ligious instruction of tbe voucg. Your committee would make special allusion to the appoint n.ett of the llev. Dr. Tucker, who came to the colony some six years ago, to occupy the important and responsible office of rcsi elent igent of tbe parent society In tbe Australian colonies, Tlie appointment bus been attended with the most fuvuurable results. Ftom his counsels and labours the several auxiliaries Lave made considerable progress; and his annual visits to the more important branches bavo always had the eflect of stirring them into activity, and imparting to them fresh life and vigour. Your committee would remind you that one of the objects of this meeting is to raise u special fund for the cretction or purchase oi suitable premise's in vnich to carry on tho operations of the society.. K will be recollected that so fur bank a- 1853, it was resolved to raise a fund for this purpose, in commemoration of the jubilee year of the parent society. Several handsome dona tions were then Riven, and that sum bob since been increased to £04-J I!*, lid., which is vow invested, awaiting the realisation of tbe full aluour.t necessary to carry out ttte object. Your committee nrc u:ost anxious to-be relieved of the payment of rent ; hi that they may be enabled, by the lcsaenlngof the ex penses, to dispose of tbe Scriptures at a still lower rate than at present, anil also to tend lureer amounts of free contributions ts tbe parent society. I: i6 therefore earnestly hoped that by your liberalilf this day you will enable the committee !? secure to the Auxiliary and to tbe colony a lusting monument of your Christian miitttiiccnce und an abiding memorial of our jubilee. Your committee cannot close this imperfect eutline of the society's operati»n6 without urging upon every lover of the Bible to step forth atid render what assistance is In bis power to help on the fjood work in which they arc engaged. Let the Biblo be only extensively circulated ana as extensively rend and studied throughout tlieluml, tjidwehave lUllcto fear for Hie future of tbt colony, tbe loud of our adoption.—' The entrance of Tby void givcth light ; it ghetli underrstaueling unto the simple.' The Bishop of Stdnev then rose to propose the first resolution, which he read eg follows :— 'That this meeting unites is an expression of devout thankfulness to Almighty God on tbe occasion of the jubilee of the New South Wales Auxiliary of tbe British and Foreign Bible Sooiety, the principles, oly'ecfs, and catholic constitution of which have approved themselves to Christians of all denominations, a&d; deems it to be desirable that the committee should forthwith adopt some means cf increasing the fund, already in exist ccce, for providing sHitslIo premises in which tho operations of the eoeiety may be conducted in this colony.' Seeing how much we owed to the operations of tbe British and Foreign Bible Society, and primarily to the Bible itself, it could scarcely be a matter of eurprUe that the friends of that f ociety should have seized that opportunity of express ing their erratituda, and also their profound reverence fur the Word of God. WhaUverwepaseeeBeiaasubjectsof her Gracious Majesty— whatever we possessed of civil and religious liberty we owed to the principles derived from the Word of God, For if any man searched into tbe true foundation of England's greatness he would undoubtedly find that they were tail in thai religiose liberty and love of truth derived from the Word -if God. (Applause.) The great victory of the Reformation was won by men who believed in the Word of God— who Ibelieved that the inherent right ef every roan to read that word and make it known to others, and who, acting on that principle, had achieved that glorious success, the fruit of which we powesa— ftn open Bible, translated, M was quaintly «aid, ' into a -language understonded of the people.' (Applause.) Seme fifty years ago there were people in this country who believed that the Bible Society was worthy of rapport, and that the great object it had in view was one they should keep in mind. Great honour should be given to those people. They met together and they founded this branch of the British and Foreign Bible Society ; the representative of her Majesty— that great architect and builder who had left his mark upon so many of ourpublio institutions. Governor Uacquarie — waa present at that meeting. Samuel Marsden was there. Archdeacon Cow per was there. The Bev. Thomas Hassall was there. (Applause.) Others were no doubt in the colony, and others coseibly were present that day, who had been present on that occasion. But most of those gentlemen whose namee were inscribed in (hat specimen ot printing that bis friend possessed still, had passed away. The men had passed away but the work remained. No man who had engaged ia that work ever lived to regret it, and no man would ever regret that he did what lie could to promote the ciiculation of the Word of God. (Applause.) We honouted those men ; and when we took into considera tion tbe circumstances of the Bocitty at home than, it would be seen that they were worthy of additional honour. For the society was at that time engaged in a great conflict. There vere teen high in position opposed to it. George the III. had expressed a desire that every peasant should be able to read, and that in every cottage should be found a copy of the Word of God. That desire was not carried out. It wight be said, indeed, that in high places there was little desire that it should be carried out. He was ashamed to confess that learned prelates charged their clergy BgainBt it— that learned pamphlets had appeared rgainat tbe Bible Society, and that the evil and sarcasm of the Quarterly and Edinburgh Utritwi were continually iiirced egaioEt that kociety. But the Governor of this co'.cny, ond the clergy of the different denominations here, were not carried away by that fide of opposition. It was evident from what they did, from the money they collected, and tbe - resolutions ihey paE/&£. that they were men of true wisdom— that they un derstood what constituted the well-being of a country. And if these two resolutions on that paper [the resolutions passed at the formation of this branch of the Bible Society] bad been carried out, tbe colony would have presented a differmt aspect to that which it offered now. Then was added this : that the children in the schools should be in structed in the Scriptures, and that schools should be established in which the Scriptures should be read. If the legislation of the colony had been directed in the channels in which (hcEO resolutions tended we should not now have to deplore the existence oi so nricb. drunkenness end crime, and of those great and crying evils Micbasbushranguig, of which we heard fresh accounts each day. If Governor Macquarie had been succeeded by men detet mined to carry out these resolutions, to establish tchoclB where tbe Scriptures weuld be read, the oolony would have presented a very different aspect. Nevertheless, much was done for which we have reason to be grateful. In thai strange hetereogencous community the Bible was distribnled everywhere. Subsequently the gold-fields and the bueh were supplied with copies of tbe Bible, aad nsw in. every part of the colony the Bible was to be found. And in every place where three or four thousand people were resi dent there should be a depot opened— not a depot at the back of a grocer's shop, but a place where the books could be set out in tempting array. He thought that would be a beneficial means of increasing the circulation of the Word of God ; and no doubt it would lay the foundation of these depots tbat would induce in the people the desire to buy. Copies ol the Scriptures in Chinese had also been introduced into this country, 'and copies translated into the various other foreign languages spoken by persons frequenting this part. So that if a Spaniard or an Italian ia within the walls of the Benevolent Aeylum, he can be supplied with a copy of the Scriptures in the language that is understood by him. He feared, however, that the expression of hope with whioh the report concluded Fas one that was rather a subject of prayer and expectation and strong desire and speculation, rather than something that would be easily realised. It was this : ' Let tbe Bible be only extensively circulated, and ae extensively read and studied throughout the land, e&d; we have little to fear for the future of the coleny — the land of our adoption : ' The entrance of Thy word giveth light ; it giveib. understanding unto tke simple-' ' New, provided that this reading of the Scriptures extended not oniy to ibe low but to tbe high— if he might use such en expression — not only to those who were expected to keep tbe lave, but to those who made tbe laws, then there would lie Ecnie hope for the colony. That is to eay, if the princi \- iples of legislation were taken from the Word of Ged ; I lit not while they offered a premium for the sale of intoxi cating liquors* (Applause.) If our legislators would derive their principles of legislation Irom the Word of God, and be ' content to derive a revenue from otbei sources than the tele cf that which demoralised men more than any other nieecf. that could bc.ueed by Satan— then he should have bope for the colony. And he must say that he EhonAd itrongly desire tbat the first resolution oa that paper ' had been carried out. He was thank ful for the desire shewn for tbe extension of instruction into the far interior, but he must aay, as a Cbiicti&n; minister, he could not wholly approve of any instruction into which tbe word of God was not fully and freely imported. He die not wish, however, to raise a discussion on that point, but he felt that he had a right to express his opinion. He thought that a certain parallel between Uiis and the occasion of the formation of the society added to the gratification of the day. Governor Macqaarie totk the chair on that occasion ; Sir John Young was there new. They tad expected him, for since he had been in the colony he bad been forward in every benevolent and good design. We were thankful for tbat providential arrange ment by which snch a person was chosen as her Majesty's representative in the colony. It was felt that after the lapse of half a century (bis branch of the Bible Seciety should have a home. Hitherto it had been a lodger Iiecle to be rent out at a week's notice- or at least a tenant subject to a heavy rent. It wpe thought desirable to pro vide it with a home, end as £1000 had already been tubecribed for that purpose the committee believe that they can soon obtain the amount required. A very excellent teacher of geography was accustomed to begin hip lesson in the room where bis pupils stood. He said you might talk to them of such a place being North or South, but they could not realise it; and therefore be began with the room that thev 6tood in and from thence gradually diverged in every direction. He (the Bishop) recommended tbe committee to begin in that room. The speakers ehonid fire t put their names down on tbe subscrip tion lists, and then every one who had the privilege of signing a cheque, should put their names down. They should not be content with merely holding a plate at the tii or, but should make people assist the society in a really liberal manner. Afterwards, let their topographical and geographical explorations be extended, and he believed that tbe requisite amount would soon be forthcoming. He saw tbe clerical agent of the society preeent, and he should offer co information from the pages of the society'e report or other enurcep, for be would not prevent JJr. Tucker from giving the information, or deprive the meeting of the plea sure cf listening ts that gentleman. He was glad to have he.4 the opportunity of uniting with the society here on that oecBHon. Hie first speech, many years ago, was made on lebalf of the Bible Society— whea he was a young man, acd before he was erdained. He had never regretted any tlusg but that he had not been able to do more on its behalf tban he had done. He very cordially moved the first re solution. The Eev. Dr. Tucheb seconded the resolution inthe following terms :— It is sometimes necessary and profitable to review first principles — to examine their correctness and then test pur conduct by them. This maxim applies equally to imj career, whether secular or religious. The members of the early Church when persecuted were ex pected to be ready to give to every man who asked them, e reason of the hope that was in them with meekness and fear, and in these times we should be ready to give a reason for the hope we cherish, and also a reason for the truth which we enjoy. There are few good works to which ex ception ie not taken from one quarter or another and in various ways tbe British and Foreign Bible Society has been BEeailed. It has often bees objected that the society has no aeed, and that it sends forth no properly qualified teachers. Tbe only reply to those is that it is neither a church nor a missionary society, but eimply an association of Christian people to print and issue tbe 'Holy Scriptures in vnriouB languages. Such a society needs no creed, in the sense in which that word is use?, any more than other benevolent associations require a creed,— it has ite own regulation, beyond which it hae never paseed. It publishes the Holy Scriptures only in the Authorised version, and the most correct translations, witbont adding to or taking from the text. Churches may favour their creeds, as exponents of Scripture, and may admit only to their communion those who subscribe to the chosen texts and approved definitions, and these may be ueceppary to Church life and activity ; but let us not be told that the Water of Life can now only in these humanly devised chancels, or that tbe Bible is confided to the custody or given for the distribution of one favoured class -? f persons. The Bible is above all creeds, and is the proper end true test of all. Nothing is to be required of any man as essential to his salvation tbat cannot be proved thereby, U the Bible Society should have a creed, I ask what creed f Are we to take from the East or the West — which from among tbe many ; are we to wait until they can be made to agree on points which have been solemnly aflircied by qoe and denied by another, or doctrines that are still matter of angry and bitter dispute. These are the beet men to whom we wiH surrender our right to ' circulate tbe Holy Scriptures. Oce of the EDglish bit-hops, recently preaching in his Cathedral Church on the subject of ritualism took for his text (he wordt— ' Whose is this image and superscription f' and he asked ' what were, whence come, whither tend the succeEe end unwonted usages of which he had heard so much— this outward— which is the real inward meaning— whose is this image i' and after no ticftig the origin, describing the general tendency and inevitable course of tbe whole with suitable comments for such a fad and trying time, he safe— nobly, in words that the whole Protestant Church will repeat—' Our image is the outspread leaves of an open Bible, and. that iai epe must soon be recognised as stamped enduringty in our bearte. Its legend and superscription ever the same— ' Contend for tbe faith once delivered to the saints ; ' and fo that strong call we must be true and loyal to the end. I ask, then, are we not night in seeking to pub lish, as far as possible, the Blessed Word — to put it if we cam into the hands of all who can read r But it is also boldly asserted fhat, to expect the triumph of truth in the earth by Bible societies, is unreasonable and unicripturul, and it is asked, Do you expect to cement the nations by icattering broadcast among the people printed paper? The reply is that Bible societies are not established to take the place of tbe Christian ministry, or to set aside any other evangelising agency. Ufaey are only oao whioh ia (to best evangeliMcg machinery of the Church. Suppose a case of people faminMng for bread, end kind-hearted men fotm e. company to supply them with the staff of life, Eha.ll they be told to wait until men of science nave agreed on tho component parts of wholesome bread, or men of philosophy bate exactly settled the mixed result* of tree distribution of bread? Some say. first visit tbe sick, — others, first clothe the naked,— others, first house the homeless,— others, from some pood improving orgsnisation, any true philanthropist will reply, tell us not that men cannot live by bread alone ; that ia plain enough, and only a childish truism ; but men cannot live without bread, and, therefore, distribute the loaves amongst tboee who are ready to die; and so, though the world can not be converted by Scripture alone, can it be converted without the Scriptures f That ii the great question. Von reply did not the Ethiopian eunuch say. in reply ts the question of Philip, ' TJnderatandeat thpu what taou readett i' How can I except some man teaob me P Then it follows the Bible must be in the hands of the teacher, or the hands of the taught. It may be a question with what restriction it shall be lead, but clearly the Bible in aU tongues is a great necessity. This want, essential to the spread of Christianity, the Bible Society seeks to supply. Other things are necessary, as teachers, ministers, and various agencies, supply as quickly ' as possible, but never wait until they are ready, simply because 'all Scripture is given by inspiration of God,' end God the Holy Ghost is with the Word, and can make it eufficifnt to salvation. Thousands of instances can be furnb-hed of this sufficiency by Holy Scripture. Dr. Pusey, in tbe preface to his great work on the Book of . Daniel, has given as, I contend, a complete vindication to lhe work of the Bible Society. He saya:—' This has been foreome twenty- five years a deep conviction of my soul, that no book can be written in behalf of ths Bible like the Bible iteelf. Men's differences are mere words ; they may help to put off the attack, they may share out some por lion of its meaning. Tbe Bible is God's mind, and through it God— the Holy Ghost who speaks it— speaks to the scnl which dons not itself against it.' Is it so ? Then let us co more hear that it is unreasonable and unscriptoral to give tbe word without ths authorised teacher. Why wait for the human interpreter wbo may never come — only be careful to give the pure and unadulterated word, which, engrafted into the mind and heart, is able to save the soul. Is it alleged that the right of private judgment, together with the free circulation of the scriptures, has produc d various conflicting opinion* f I ask bas there been agreement and unanimity when creed has leen dominant, and the scriptures sparingly read. Consult ecclesiastical history — take the creeds of the ancient Church —of all conflicting sects, Eastern and Western — take the articles, constitutions, canons, and creeds of the whole Church, and I will find as many diverse opinions as you thall be able to g afber in all Christendom among those who bold the right of private judgment, and whe contend for an open and freely circulated Bible. It is not the Bible that produces this great and almost endless diversity of opinion, but rather natural pride of intellect and the seduc tion of philosophy falsely so called. And if ever we attain agreemeet of mind and harmony of action, it will be not by the authority of creeds or churches, but by profound reverence for the supreme authority of God's Holy Word, I have been told that this society is schismatical, and I have thought it strange tbat men use words parrot like, without thinking, of their meaning or their applicability. The society which, above all others, asks Christian men to unite in one common aad divine objeot is forsooth schis matics!— in other words, union is division, order is chaos, light is darkness, oneness of purpose and effort is schism,. I have so hesitation in saying that the men who utter these offensive epithets are really the most schismatical faction in Christendom. They ignore altogether the orders of two-thirds of the whole Protestant Church, and even crumple up their black gown, although it is an academic form used in the universities from time immemorial — they crumple np their black gown and throw it disdainfully away, because it is a Genevan badge, and they wish for union with two out of the many Eastern and Western Churches, who most rigidy treat them as they have treated their Genevan brethren — deny their orders, refuse to recognise their Church constitution, and nail up on the church doors the bumble request for admittance, with solemn warnings to the faithful against such pretensions, and thea send over the world pictorial illustrations of what they consider to be their (rue relation to the Church on earth, and the awful destinies of the eternal world, in the figure of a tree, with one arm severed from the trunk, on which are ecclesiastics clinging, like a colony of insects among the foliage, and under the falling branch are the games to meet them. If words or pictures have meaning, then they who discard two-thirds of the* Protestant world are themselves cast off as schis matics by the only authority they profess to recognise on earth aB expressing the mind of Christ.'' The circulation of the Bible is the grand antidote for it — will teach men to dietisguish between unity and uniformity. Unity exists in Divinity— we may be separate as the hills— one as the solid earth ; distinct as the waves— one as tbe ocean ; diverse as the stars, which differ in glory, but one as the celestial universe encircling the throne of God. Separation is not necessarily antagonism ; and not lite tbe hosts of the Fbilictines en one tide, and the armies of Israel ob the other, and the valley between them— where one champion challenges another champion — until with a sling and a Hone he brings him to the ground, and then cuts off bis head. This is too often the idea of theological controversia lists, but the Bible teaches that separation may coexist with charity and unity. Abraham and Lot 'separated when the land was not able to bear them. Barnabas, a good man, and full of the Holy Ghost, had a sharp contention with the great Apostle Paul, and they separated —they deputed asunder, one from another; but this sepa ration was for the furtherance of tbe Gospel, and without any schism in the body of Christ. The Bible will teach us to cultivate holy charity— the unity of the Spirit in the bond of peace— and not to think that oce colour in the garment, one uniform robe, one con current genuflexion in bodily service, one subjection te hierarchical rule, or one form of discipline and worship are essential to unity ; but rather one Spirit, one faith, one devotion of Christ— who is the head of the body— the full ness of Him who filletb all in all. The men who raise these rationalist objections are in| the position ef that old King Bekhazzar. who dared to take tbe vessels of the Temple and drink wine out of them, praising his gods of iron and stone. They come to put the Bible aside, and they say, ' We will shew you how to transform the nations.' Yet there are no missionaries sent out by these coteries. The lovers of the Bible and their race are the only men who labour among the heathen in the islands. The Scriptures are translated into 173 distinct language!, end distributed among €60,000,000 of people ; and into what ever tongue it is translated it is nudeiatoou— it ib felt, and ite results are experienced. Other books suffer by transla tion, and sometimes a book when translated becomes per fectly incomprehensible to the people for whom it is tran slated. Richmond's ' Dairyman's Daughter ' is a most beautiful little book, and copies of it may be found every where in tbe East translated into the oriental tongues. The Arab carries it with him in his wanderings ; and it may be found very likely in tbe Turkish harems. But there is much in that book altogether inexpli cable to thOEe people. Descriptions of cottage fife, of rural scenery, those beautiful (ouches of nature, which delight us, are unintelligible to them, But ia tbe Bible there is a running sanative that interests and affects aU mankind, and in whatever language it is printed it is un derstood. Tbe resolution asks that we should not only give in thankfulness to Almighty God. but that we also deter- - mine that funds are to be raised to carry on the operations of this society. The subscription cards are to be distributed among the ladies, because small subscriptions from all EC'Urccs will enable the committee to carry forward tbeir work to a more rapid and greater success. I beg to second the resolution. The resolution was then put, and carried unanimously. The Eev. Dr. Steel moved tbe second resolution,— ' Tbat this meeting, in reviewing the past work of the New South Wales Auxiliary, expresses tbe hope that the committee will make earnest effort to extend the system of branch societies and depots for the sale of the Scriptures in this colony, and to increase the amount of the contri bution e In aid of the Parent Society.' He said, fifty years in the age in which we live do far more, and accomplish vaster results, than whole dynasties in the ancient world. At the period when this auxiliary took its rise, the peace of Waterloo had given to Europe and the civilised world facilities for the promotion of every great acd philanthropic enterprise such as had never been known in the history of Christendom. All the great philanthropic epcieties ef England, with one or two excep tions, were then struggling in their infancy ; and from the wars on the continent, the despotic influences that prevailed throughout the world, and the close interests which bound public companies, they were unable to get facilities for the oxtension cf their work, or the transmission of their messengers to the nations cf mankind. But that peaee gave new opportunities t« every great and noble move ment. Napoleon could send his messages no faster than bis great prototype Charlemagne, or than Alexander, or Sen nacherib, or Nimrod ; but since thnt day what had fifty years given us in the means cf transmitting istelli ferjee from one part of t!io world to anothei r t appeared to him to be as singularly becoming ae it was auspicious that whoa tbe first telegraph was laid between tbe two great continents of the earth, the message that drilled upon the world was a sen tence of Holy Scripture, wh.chitwas the grand olij eel of this society to propagate— Glory to God in tbe highest ! Peace on earth and goodwill towards men. (Applause.) Science bas received a wondrous development within these fifty rears. Chemistry was astonishing fhe world with its discoveries then ; geology bad scarcely a being , and almost every other of tie great sciences hoe m»de so rapid an advance, and exercised so mighty a sway, as to make the psEt half century ft most uiemsralile period. And the esme might we eay with respect to commerce tbat is extended now to every sea. It was locked up then within very narrow bounds; and those vere esteemed world renowned adventurers who could visit a shoie so distant as this, or take trophies home with tt.eui from the islands of the South Seas. Education baa advanced apace. Through out Europe and tbe civtllsed werid, it has teen made the heritage of every child. The Word of God has been cirou lated mote than any other book ; and second to that has been tbe publication, in penny numbers of the writings of our moet able and eloquent authors. Fifty years, too, have done much for New South Wales. When one of his Excellency's illustrious predecessors was here at the head of this aux iliary, there was such a state of pmblic morals in thiseelony as no friend of religion or of man would now wish to un veil before a civilised and Christian community. He did not know whether tradition was correct when it reported that one of his Excellency's illustrious predecessors had said that when he arrived here, among tan thousand people, there were only two classes in New South Wales— thoss who bad been convioted and those wbo ought to have been convicted. (Laughter ) There seemed to hiv« been aom ituprCTement before the year 1817, when a few of thott bright particular stars made this constellation— the New South Wales Auxiliary to the Bible Society. Sydney mi tben, ss it is now, the chief centre ,* but the circumferenoe was only a radius ot about forty miles. Very little wa« known of tbe vast interior ; but now, under his Excellency's niray, the country is well known for a thousand miles, and there are cattle and flocks upon ten thousand hills, ant scattered through the mighty primeval forests ofrhisoobls land. We have aome 10,000,000 of imports ; and oar e sports are nearly as great. There are six hundred plaoes of worship where tbe Word of G od is read Sunday afterSunday ; and one thousand other places where it is expounded on other days of the week. There are eocie six hundred Sabbath schools where tbe Bible is the grand text book, end its holy doctrines are sought to be impressed on th» minds of youth in the most plastic period of their ago. Fifty years had done much for us ; ana he might be per mitted to say, that fifty years bad done much for the Bible. Some might say, ' .done much for the Bible ! ' Did it not come complete from the hand of God when tbe pen of St. John the Divine wrote the prayer with whioh it canolutas. when be seemed to catch the hut promise of his exalttt Master, when ' Beloved, I come quickly,' rang from the gteat white throne, and ' Even so. come, Lerd Jesus ' roae up from tbe isle that is called Patmos. True, th* Word waa completed then ; but during the last half century, more than in any similar epoch, of the whoto history of Christianity, the Word of' God has received corroboration, an aocurate text, elucidation, circulation, and influence such as it had never known, befoie. Various aUempte had been made in ancient tunes ts destroy it. In the days of Josiah it vas thought a wonder ful thine; to see a copy of the Law ; but atonea gave their testimony when men's veices had been silent. In the days of Jehoiakim it was thought pos sible by cutting tbe roll and burning it in the fire to destroy a portion of the Word of God ; but the prophecy of Jeremiah by Baruch, the scribe, is still within the sacred boards. la tbe time of Diocletian, tbe Christians vere tortured, and nien tried to destroy tbe Bible and the Church, but in. vain. The history of the Nestorian missions in China shows that when the missionaries were persecuted and had to fle* from place to place, the influence of their teaching was less peimanent ; because the Word of God was not in the pos session of the people. Repeated efforts had been made at different periods of the Church's history to take away the Scriptures ; but tbe written manuscripts were in too many devoted hands, end loved by too many courageous hearts, to permit of that being accomplished. When the Word of God came forth in the vernacular of Germany and Switzer land, an attempt was again made to bum up the books. But now how free was their circulation ? The Press had distributed them in 183 different tongues, and in ever so many millions of copies, so that now there was no book in all the world whioh could b* blotted out of existence with more difficulty tban that which came from heaven. Since the opening up of Syria, and the Holy Land, historical and antiquarian research had done much, and it was found that wherever contemporary annals impinged upon the sacred narrative they testified to tbe accuracy of Holy Writ. The travel, the criticism, and ths learning of the last half century hail made the sacra* text much more significant, and enabled us to gather from its sacred page tbe pure meaning which God's own -Spirit intended. Throughout the wide world the book iras ths. most wide-spread ; and in the hour of trouble it was men's great anxiety to have it. Yet it was still inthe orucibia, and it still had its enemies. But then the controversy had been narrowing round. We did not now hear the low and vulgar epithets that were customarily applied to the Bibb fifty years ago. The men who would take from us the , Bible spoke with reverence of its great biography, asd the controversy was within these two centree — Christ and Christianity. Christ would stand and so would Christianity. During the last fifty years, the Bible had done much foe New SoBth Wales. There must have been ? vast improvement in society here, and where in ths history of any country had a great reformation taken place in moraU and religion, except through the influence of the Sacrad Book i Was it not when the Sacred Volume emerged from the convents and monasteries of Germany that a new breath of life stirred over the nations of Europe? Was it not fcy the influence of the Word that the great awakening of tha eighteenth century occurred r And this book had aba given a new tone to society in New South Wales, to all its public interests, and it had dotted the land with those beaa ricent institutions that bespeak the law while they work out Ibe deeds of Christian love. (Applause.) Through tha influence of this Sacred Book, this city and colony have been made tbe (grand outpost of the Christian missionary field. We go at osce into the night of heathen darkness, bearing by the ships that visit our coast the Lamp of Life divine. Through tbe influence of our commerotv tbe Word of God has had free course in tbe beautiful islands of the South Pacifto : end masy of the people there have rivalled acd outreached ourselves in their illustration of ths Chiistian life. New 8cuth Wales, then, ought to do much, for the Bible. In the great Exhibition of 1862 there waa stown a. pyramid of gold to testify what one only of the Australian colonies had produced. It is the gold that is tha current exchange for ail other commodities, and .therefore that pyramid was an espressios of power. Now if this land was so productive as to yield in this colony alone nearly £16,000,000 of exports, what could it not do, if it wars to consecrate one- tenth of its means to the extension of tha - Redeemer's kingdom. It was time the auxiliary endea voured to make every sqnattet'ovtatioa » dap*t W \y-' cir culation cf the Scriptures; to see that every clergyman who travelled throueh the bush left behind him in the huts he visited copies of the Bible. He believed that it waa ton important duty ofevety man of God who went forth into tbe wild bush of this colony to take with him the Scrip tures, tbat they might speak for him after he bad gsaa. At sheep shearing, and other seasons when the people con gregated together, copieB of the Scriptures should be cir culated among tbe shepherds and others. If that was doae, bow many & shepherd's hut might be cheered, how many a p-or fellow might be rescued from that despondence whioh solitude produced, and be delivered from that craving far tbe bottle which the receipt of his cheque excited and gave means to satisfy. Previous speakers had already referred to the fact that the auxiliary ought to have suit able premises. In the olden time, among the Israelite*, a jubilee was an occasion when no debt remained; and h« (rutted that it would be so at this period,— that tbe premise* of tbe Bible Society would be a monument to the people1* credit— a worthy centre for all our meetings ut such catholic objects as this. We live in an interesting era ; wa are commencing a new epoch in this rising country ; and he hoped that we at least should do our share to raise) up in these lands tbe beacon light of Divine truth, (Ap plause.) 'f be Bev. J. E. Vetch seconded the resolution. During the last two days he had had the pleasure of reading sonar ef the early reports of ibis society, and most interesting documents they were. Two subjects seemed to hava especially engaged the attention of tbe committee, one of them being the visitation of varieus districts to ascertain vho could read end whether they bod the Bible or not. Appalling were the results ol tnese systematic inquiries. In most parts of the city and surrounding neighbourhood one -fourth ef those who csrdld real vere utterly destitute of any portion of the Word of Lif», while in the Liverpool district only about one in twenty possessed the Bible. From the very first tbe committee seemed to be impressed with the importance of establishing brsneb societies, and on the 18th May, 1S19, one was formed at Van Diemen's Land. It needed no argument to prove that branch associations were absolutely necessary to tha success of the auxiliary, and it was of the first importance that people in tbe country should earnestly endeavour to distribute the Word of God to those who were without it. One great obstacle which the auxiliary had met wilb from tbe very first was the apathy of those who were without tha Bible. Those who had not read the Bible did not care whether they had the book or not, and thus it was essential that Christian people should taka tbe matter up. There was much to be done in this .-eepect, for there were large districts where very many bad Dot the Scriptures, On some stations where tha superintendents hid prayers read every Sunday, he had. gone among the people and had found persons who could read, but who were without tbe Bible. Wherever he had gone, be bad always found fhe people willing to receiva tbe Scriptures, and to listen to any word that might be. spoken on that bead. Some system of colportagn was re quired ; and, if the committee were so eustaiued tbat they could employ this method, he felt eur? that tbe results would abundantlv justify any outlay made. Even where the population was' more dense, we needed persons to wort: patiently and unremittedly among tbe people— we needed the zeal and kindness of honourable women who, hiving time at their disposal, would go about and induce peoDla to receive the 13ible and to read it, This had had a most salutary eflect in other placeB, and he knew that the degraded peoDle of a certain neighbourhood in tbe old country had Leen entirely reformed by the earnest efforts of picju* women. Some poseaees iu ths report which, bad Leen read to-day would have surprised the eatly promoters of tbe auxiliary ; that, for in stance, which told us that— 'The first portions of Scripture translated into any language in tbe South Pacific, being parts of the New Testament in Maori, wera printed here in Sydney at tbe cost cf the society. Three tliouennd copies of partioixi of the New TeBtanjent in the Kieu language have also been printed by your auxiliary: tlie whole of which vere immediately disposed of on arrival at Savage lfeland.' Tbe natives had actually paid for these books, and had been gUi to get them, aud thi- too bod occurred in an island which bad been designated Savage Island, by reason of tbe ferocity of its inhabitants. Ho knew that the committee bad been 'euibarra.-sc-J by the apathy vvbich had at times been shown ; Lut be hoped cbat now that tbe jubilee meetings hud given an oildi timal impulse lo the work, more suteest-ful attempts would le uiede to form branch associations. ^Applause.) The B.sv. A11A.M Thuhcok supported the rosolutfnn. IU said tbat, having been prevented from attending tn« iiictnirjg meeting, and thue failed in discharging the duty originally assigned to him in the order -j( the proceedings by tho committee, be willingly availed himself of ihe oppor tunity liEdty granted now of Bxpreswnjr, in a few words. his deepinteieet in theocension of thepresent celebration. It was something to be proud of f haH al so esrly n period as 1817 —just thirteen vears after the formation of the great parent institution— there was set on foot by the very small commu nifv then occupying this territory, u New South Wales Auxiliary to the British and Foreign Bible Society. All honour to the men cf that time who bad the Christian spirit and energy to put tbeir hands to the noble work! It was an interesting coincidence tbat tbe American Bibla Society— tbe next cieatest Bible Sooiety in the world to the British and Foreign — took its rise iu tbe same fear with our colonial auxiliary; one of tha oldost %Ashoots 4-t England Kiid one of ibe yotmreift waking up tcMtbeir to lie rpiril wbxb was wirring their common Fatherland, and Hurling timnitancriwiy! 'with however Unequal steps, on the i-unc |,'r«»d Christian enterprise— the enterprise *f circulRiiae d.r nnti wide tbo*e sicred «racles, the principles nod spirit of which cm ulnae laiko ?sy nation truly (--rent. (Applause.) On an ocoasior. like Ite present) which c&raraify; leads to a retrospect nl the lust fifty yearn in connection with Bible circulation, tbero »ere feme in the meeting at least who would not wader that there naturally occurred to his mind an event which gave en impulse far beyond any other event thronghoat the ?whole half- century, to «he circulation of the Holy Scrip tures—an event which had brought the Bible within reaah ttooet of the poorest, and which had enabled tbe British end Foreign Bible Society to double, and far more than double, ite issne of the Englub version of the Scrip tnrea. Tbe event to which he referred waa tbe abolition of the Bible monopoly in Scotland. (Applause) And there were tircnmeUnoee which might plead his apology if he ™ in error in conceiving that the present celebration would be somewhat incomplete if all reference to so im portant » change were omitted. It might not be ceceraUy tnswn in this meeting, that from the time of King James down to July, 1839, the sole power of printing and publishing the Scriptures in Scotland was lodged in one individual (or company, as it might be), inch power being conveyed by letters patent from the Crown, and the enc ceetive patentees holding their privilege for a certain term of years, as fixed by the patent. Tbe patentee far the time Woe Was tinder so ropervinion of any kind. He was wholly unrestricted as to the price he might charge, end was subject to bo penalties for inaccurate rriitrrjg. The same system prevailed also in England, with this difference, however, that the pitentee there had not the privilege wholly to himself, there being a concur rext right to print and publish the Scriptures enjoyed by the two Universities of Oxford and Cambridge. Still, on twlh sides of the Tweed there was practical monopoly, and tte oonsequence was that all editions of the Bible were nld at ?exorbitant prices as compared with the cost of pro dnction. The common plea used for the monopoly was the alleged security it ? gave for accuracy. No plea could be more fallscous. Whoever heard of indepen dence of all control and of all competition inciting a man or a body of men to do their duty well r Bat, in point of hot, the editions issued by the privileged printers both in England and Scotland were fora long time printed with diemefal carelessnecs. He night adduce some amusing Illustrations. For example— one old edition printed in England by the then King's printer, omitted the very im portant particle ' not ' in one of the Commandments. An eld Scotch edition, by a similar omission, makes the Apostle cay, ' Know ye not that the unrighteous shall inherit the Kingdom of God.' (Laughter.) Another Scotch edition makes the 'four beasts' in the Apocalypse the ' Sour beasts;' while Basbei's folio Bible, printed at Oxford in 1717, has for the running title, at Luke Mii., instead of 'The Parable of the Vineyard,' 'The Parable of the Vinegar,' whence it got the name of the 'Vinegar Bible.' (Laughter.) But, not te multiply instances of blunders, simply ludicrous, it wag a fact that the typographical errors— none of them materially affecting the sense, perhaps, bnt still errors— in some of the editions printed in the earlier part of even tbe present century, could literally be reckoned (incredible as it might seem) by thousands— so much so, that the late venerable Principal Lee, rn referring to the circumstance before a committee of the Uonse of Commons in 1831, stated— and no one mi entitled to speak with more authority on ench a subject— that ' he did not know any book of which it wa#«o difficult to find a very correct edition aa the English Bible.' In the year 1839, however, notwith standing the most strenuous opposition from various quarter*, involving a long- continued and severe struggle, lie Scotch Bible monopoly was abolished ; and ever rinse eny printer in Scotland who chose might print and publish the Scriptures, the sole condition being that he should print them accurately; and in order to secure accuracy, in addi tion to the healthful influence of free competition, a Govern ment Board had been established, which took the most strin jjtnt precautions for the purpose. The abolition of the mono poly in Scotland was followed, eo soon as the new system had time to come into operation, by an immense reduction in the price of the Scriptures. The common school Bible, for example, which a short time before had been sold at 3s 61, came to be sold at little above Is. ; and a small pocket Bible with gOt edges, the selling price of which had been 5s., was reduced to Is. The old system still continued in force in England ; but the privileged printers there, after resisting for a time, were speedily compelled by the force of public opinion, and as the only means of retaining their Monopoly, ti come down to the Sootca prices. Growing accuracy kept pace with growing cheapness, and the caa sequence had been alike fit England and Scotland, that the Bible, from feeing the dearest and worst printed, had come to be the best printed and cheapest of si) books. (Ap plause.) He would just mention one fact as illustrating the effect of the change in facilitating the operations, and im mensely augmenting the usefulness of the British and Foreign Bible Society. He brought it forward along with s great many other facte of & similar nature when eunnBtmed to give evidence before a committee of the Bouse of Commons just before he left home some til years ago in relation t» the working of tbe free Bible printing in Scotland ; and it was well worthy of relation on the occasion of the present jubilee. In January, 1810, be fore the free system had time to come intooperation in Scot land—and before, therefore, it could tell on English prises, —the committee of the British and Foreign. Bible Society isened an annnonncement that, from the 1st of January fol lowing, Jhey would be prepared *o supply Sunday schools and the poor with school Bibles at Is. 63., and schosl Testa ments at 6d. They proceeded to do so accordingly, but the increased demand caused by each reduction of price far ex ceeded the calculations of the committee; and, after making the experiment for a few months, they were compelled to issue a second notice, to the effect that they must stop their distribution on the 10th of August, the loss to the society being so ruinous. The loss on the six months distribution at those periods was little lees, it turned out, than £13,000. By and by, the effect of tbe abolition of the monopoly in Scotland came to tell on England, and what was the result ? Why, that in a short timethe society was able to issue the school Bible at 10d., and had done bo v ever«ince. (Applause). That was, of course, below cost price, bat still the society could issue it new at lOd, without any uncontrollable drain on their funds, while the issuing of it at Is. Cd., in 1810, threatened to swallow up their entire free income. He might just add that the issue of Bibles and Testaments by the British and Foreign Bible Society, which previously to the breaking up of the monopoly never, be believed, reached half a million, came within a law yean afterwards to reach the enormous amount of a million and a half, and had gone on increasing ever since. Perhaps he owed an apology to the meeting far occupying its time with these state ments. He should not detain them further than to say that when he compared che facilities for the circulation of the Holy Scriptures now with the state of things fifty jeans ego, he could not help exclaiming 'What hath God wronght!' At the same time he expressed his earnest conviction that the Word of God was mote widely spread '?-; abroad th&n; it ever was in the history of the world before, ? would be found to carry in itself the best of all antidotes to opposing error and infidelity, and would yet, bvthe bles elEg of its Divine author, prove the grand instrument for bringing the world to the feet of Christ. (Applause.) The resolution was then put from the chair, and unani mously agreed to. The Rev . R, L. King moved the third resolution,— 'That- this meeting, acknowledging the great usefulness of ladies' associations in carrying forward the general objects of the society, both at home and abroad, would now solicit the kind co-operation of the ladies in Hew South Wales, in order to carry out the proposed objects oi the jubilee celebration.' A good deal that he intended, to have said had been anticipated by previous cpeakers; and he should therefore not detain the meeting long. The object of the jubilee celebration was to increase the operations of the Bible Society, and to enable the auxiliary to carry on its operations in a building free from rent. If this could bs done, the society would have an ecdowment to the extent, he supposed, of £100 or £200 a year, and would be enabled to expend that sum in dis tributing the Bible throughout the colony. What would also be of very great importance was that the free contri bution which was sent in to the Parent Society almost yearly would be increased by something like the same sum. He thought that a very great advantage would be gained if that were done, if the building now known as the Bible Hall be presented to the auxiliary by the Christians of New South Wales. Having adopted the resolution, it now became our duty to carry it into practical effoot; and he believed the plan proposed was one of the best that could be devised. Where the ladies took an active interest In the branch associations they were almost sure to prosper ; and lie could only hope that the ladies of Sydney and the colony would take up the work committed to them in this resolution, and that a sum sufficient for the purpose would be raised. The work was one upon which God had eet his seal and to which he had granted his blessing. Tho rev. gentleman concluded his ad ajeae by reading the following paragraph from the tixly.sccond report of the British and Foreign Bible Society :— ' Well may tbe women of England lend, as they do, their willing and effectual help to send the Bible to every nation tinder heaven. Their zeal in such a cause is a fcecoming tribute to the power of Divine truth— a graceful acknowledgment of the countless blessings whioh they trace toils iource. That Bible ie the charter of their liberty, and their shield against oppression. If the names of wife -and mother have become endeared to them by the ties of domestic love which they represent— if they enjoy the purity ef a peaceful home, and are cheered in the discharge of parental duties by an affection which, as it admits of no rival, claims undivided homage— let them never forget that these blessings are all due to an open Bible. They are the results ef institutions which owe their origin to ite enact ments, and their preservation to its defence.' The Eev. Vf. KELfNACK, in seconding the resolution, «u'd he was not going to imperil the little reputation he Bid for good sense by attempting to make a speech on that ocweion. Tbemeetwg had been detained for some time, eud&ad; been ander« tax in listening to the eloquence of previous speakers', lie had heard a story of an old woman who osce said at a meeting, 'Blessed is the man that msketb acbort speech!' and if that addition could be made to the 'beatitudes,' he intended to claim it that day. Odm, at a meeting of the Episcopal Church in America, Bishop James was galled upon to make a speech. Loud cries of 'James, James,' arose from all sides. The good man, dfcnlfied by his stature, and dignified by his life, rate nni said simply bnt with great vehemenoe, 'Ames!' He (Mr. jfely Anck) was prepared to' say amen and amen to all th'U Jbed gone btfore. It wob said that »f a great negro * trnwiobsry tbreling in the W«l Irjoios, Uk) (food men re Klved upon three resolutions. Tbe firM. was that all hbonM rive sornetbteg; the second, tkst «*ch should give accord ing 1o bis ability ; and the ihird was that all should be dene with cbeeriulnem, Or.e old negro, however, came forward ixd put dewn a very small coin, whereupon the chairman said that would net do, as it was tot in accordance with the second resolution. Tbe old fellow did nut like this, and, fitter thirling over the mslkr, be went and with n very ill grace put down a larger mm. The chairman said that wouldn't do. The gift was in Gcccrdance with the first and second resolutions, but not with the third. The old negro again sat down, end, after reflecting, went forward and put down his money with a radiant face, whereupon the chairman said, ' That's good ; lhal'e according to all the resolutions.' He trusted that the ladies would volunteer to engage in the good work of colleclicg FirbscriptioBS tor the society. Mr. J. D. Lanoley, honorary secretary of tbe Hunter River Auxiliary Society, briefly expressed hie sympathy with the society, and hie gratification at its success. Tbe resolution was then put, and carried unanimously. The Hoc. 6. Alien having. taken the chair, a vote of tbsnkBwas then, on the motion of Captain Dumareeq, eccorded to hit Excellency Sir John Young for his kindness in presiding on the occasion. His Excellency having returned thanks for the com pliment, the Bishop of 'Sydney pronounced the benediction, end the proceedings closed. 