lilE PAHI, LAWENT LEGISLATIVE COUNCIL. ;,Tu esday.Decembks 17. FAILUEB OF HAKVESf. The Hon. J. H. BARROW presented a peti tion signed by 350 landowners, farmers, and otheff ^di^in^tiier^DtintiBrandd>iBtrictsnt Light and Gawler, asking the House to take action for the jelief of farmers who had suf fered by the red rust,. He would mention that some of the signatures were signed by proxy, but' they' were bona fide. » Received and read. 'i " ; : MAIL STEAMER.. . The Hon. W. MORGAN called the Chief Secretary's attention• to: a istatietueht in.■ the Register that: the Mail Agent had caused the branch steamer to start: without the whole of the mail or passengers' packages, r .; - The CHIEF SECRETARY would call on the Postmaster for further information: on the matter. ■ ' POLICE-STATION AT BULL AP ARINGA. The Hon. J. H. BARROW asked the Chief Secretary whether a petition addressed to His Excellency, .asking that the Police-Station might be removed from . Bullaparinga to Finniss Yale had been presented. : The CHIEF SECRETARY would enquire into the matter. Immigration returns. The CHIEF SECRET ARY laid on the table the return on "this subject moved for by the Hon. J. Baker. ■ - STRATHALBYN AND MIDDLETON RAIL \- ■: WAY. The Horn H. MILDRED asked the Chief Secretary the following questions : • - . " 1. What fail way between Strathalbyn and Middieton is alluded to in the schedule to the Railway Loan Bill, 1867. ^ . " 2. What sum has been : expended on tne Strathalbyn and Middleton Tramway. :: " 3.' What sum has been expended.- on: the Roseworthy and Forresters Railway." 4 The CHIEF SECRETARY replied— - . \- "1;- The railway is that for which a Bill was passed in 1866. . _£• '' 2. The' sum expended was £56,350; but a much' larger sum would be required to complete the various contracts. • • . , j : ' AFA " 3. The sum actually expendedwas £14,bw 14s. 2d.} but; there were; considerable liabi lities." ... , ;: : RAILWAYS. ' v: ' The Hon. J. T. BAGOT-asked the Hon. the Chief Secretary—" The amount of money ex pended on the foliowinglines up; to the present time :—The Strathalbyn , and Middleton, the Forresters' and Burra, the Narracoorte and Mount Gambier,' the Port Wakefield ^ aid Hoylh's Plains: Also, What amount;will be required during the present year for these lines-; also the amount expended for - surveys, and whether such sums for surveys are to.be charged Kacainst loans or against the GeneralRe venue/ ' 1 The CHIEF SECRETARY - replied; as fol 1:°^?Stratbalbyh and Middleton.—Amount yex nended in. the colony.from ■ 'revenue, £9,99915s. 8.1. : ditto from loans, £31,109 ; ditto by Agent General from '-cans, :£l5,250 18s:' lid.; total, £56 35? Ids. 7d, Amount required for expen dituto ; during present year, nil; =' Amount Y? pended for survey,, charged to revenue, £1,001 4s. 4d.; also to loans, £362 13s. ; total, £1;363 17s. 4<L " - « Roseworthy and Forresters;—Amount ex pended in the coldny from loans, about £8,000; amount expended by Agent-^neralfrom loans &c.;: about £6,600' 14s, 2d.; total, £14,600 14s. 2d. -.AmOUnt expended for furveysj charged to loans, £1.074 lis. 4d. ■ ; * \ " .7, " Forresters and. Burra.—Amount expended for surveys, charged to revenue, £825. . - - *c Narracoorte and Mount Gambier. «^rre expended for surveys, charged to revenue, £876 15s 5 J "port Wakefield and Hoyle's _ Plains.— Am ount' expended in the colony from loans, about £5,000 ; amount expended by Agen : General froin loans, about £6,614 18s. ; dotal, £11,614 18s. Amount required for expeuditure during present year, 1867, for freight, about £220. Amount; expended for surveys, charged to revenue, £74 15s;; amount expendedforsur veys, charged to loans,; £1,759 19s. 4d.; total, £1,834:14s. 4d." - V RAILWAY LOAN BILL. • " The CHIEF SECRETARY : moved the second reading. He described the provisions of the Bill, as oh the former debate. He wished to inform the H >h. Mr. Mildred that the Go vernment knew of no difference between a rail way and a tramway, and that the Government intended the Strathalbyn Line to be worked a« at first: intended, by horse power.- As ' the Council had decided in favor of the narrow gauge for the Port Wakefield line, the borrow ine power would not be used up to tne same extent as intended with reference to that line. .The works had been all authorised by the Council, though some of them could iiot Re completed for the original, estmlate. .Had the revenue permitted, the- Government would not have asked the Council to authorise a loan for the excesses. There was no change in the policy of the present Government and present Engineer with reference to the style of the railways. That was a mistaken idea. Mr. Mais found out, however, that Mr. Hanson s estimates were not ' sufficient. • The present Engineer-in-Chief was hot responsible for the contracts; ' they were ; the contracts of his predecessor. He was sorry there was any attempt to mix up privilege with that Bill. The question was too serious to have. privilege questions mixed up with it. He .claimed to have as much regard for and as much know ledge of the privileges of the Council as ■:any hob: member in it. He did not ask any hon. member to take his dictum on the question, and lie hoped they would dot take the dictum of any other horn member. Hewould refer them to a case in: point six years* ago, when the Hons. Messrs. Bagot; Parkin, and Mildred were iii the other House, and the Hon. Mr. *Vlot _was member of the Ministry. ; In the Bill of that session £46,000 was asked for for railways /and waterworks; without specifying what railways. The E-. u. Mr. Baker was present; If not in the House he was a member of the Council, and in the country.- 'What the hon. members, he referred to; asked the; Council ; on;that ocr casion to do, he hoped they woidd aA casion w . uu, uurwx* -— the' Council' to do now, and act oonmstently with themselves. He could point out other Bills similar to the one before the House which th Council had passed without demur. ;; He hoped they would take the Bill on its merits, and not go on the- question of: privilege, whioh was not concerned. He could understand hommwa bers opposing the Rill on the ground thai we should not borrow such a isum; of money, bpt he could not understand them supposing the.pnvi leges of the Council were at stake. He could hot either understand how, after they had com menced railways, hon. membra could refuse Tihe money necessary to conclude them.-A hey/ were riot going to enter into ^ competition with employers of labor. They had two yeara of de pression following .years ; ofunexampled de pression. Should they endeavor-to" tide over badHmes iff the hopes; of/better-yearacpming, as he had no doubt they; would, and find wrirk for the people ? ; He-; knew, -gome hon. members thought the Government should not find work for the people, but he did not think the majority of the Council wopld: agree with that view. What were the Government todoif the people were out of work arid invdertitutjon. We hid n o parochial institutions, and w it not better to pay for work than for inen in idle Tint, oninlnv iriftn wheat tfcis. ye*r, many i^rapra were out crop; Those who said Government5 should inot fitid work for wording men applauded fhe, Government when they relieved ^other classes, 'such as the pastoral arid mineral lessees. « was inot only uuatateauianlike, but> to aay the Government should' leave men rtfrye. j The question was of vital interest to all classes. 'Henaked horn members not to.be ded , hwy jyf .'shadowy questions of. privilege,^hut dake the /Bill on itB; merits.; It was not a^Munsteiual but ia colonial- question. , The Hon. Mr. Barj-ow had 'said that if Mr. Hanson had been .aUowed the 'extra 10 per. cent, he could have finished the? jworks without further, excesses. In answer to ■that he would reag .the .following. oommUnica ition from Mr. Mais — ;s / "Engineer-in-Chief's Office, Adelaide,: December.17, .1867.: , -. • « gir—I have the honor to mfprm you'th'at, 'my attention-having been directed by you to a istafement:made:; in the legislative;-Cowioil Ohaihber .with reference to the estimates made byMr. Hanson for tWy^bos railway worksnow: iH"progre»«i I feel it "my duty' to make a few; remarks .thereon. It it a matter of personal regret to "rue to be called upon to make any comments upon the 'estimates, of iny predecessor in office ; but afterthebroad statements that have been made I feel compelled to state the facts as they have oocurred. For the sake of illustration I will teke works upon the Aliddle -tohfthdStrath£dbj^:Railway;~nSsrly-the-whole of which were let prior to. my taking office. The principal items, as estimated by Mr. Hanson, . .and upon which the greatest discrepancies occur, are as" follow:—Land and compensation,, estimated' Originally ;at £44| per. mile, has . .actually . cost ; .up vto October,. 1867, £105 per; mile. Earthworks estimated to cost £-583 per .mile;have cost £709 per mile. Fencing estimated at £105;.per mile nas'. cost £220 per mile. Culverts and .bridges estimatedto cost £670 per mile have cost £1,127 per- mile, and the Deep Creek Bridge, which has cost £1,058, has apparently been altogether omitted. Sleepers estimated at Is. 3d. bach have cost upon an average 4s. each. Ballast estimated at 3a. per cubic yard have cost from 5s. to 7s. fid. per cubic yard. These are the principal itemv and no increase in quantity .Would increase the price, but' would operate in •the; opposite direction. I have added the smallest ballast necessary to render - the lin securc and economical in maintenance, without reference to the question of horse or locomotive traction. Although the character and extent of the railway works have not been materially \- altered yet the totdl cost has been considerably increased in consequence of the erroneous sur veys, levels, and other data which have hitely been discovered, to correct which has cost a considerable amount ol time and "money. In some instances the deeds of land have' been prepared, and the- money paid as compensation by the Government therefore whereas the line of railway has been laid out through an adjoining section- belonging to a different proprietor. As a rale, the levels have been proved to be altogether unreliable. Errors amounting in some instances to 12 inches and upwards having been discovered. Such errors as these in a finished working section, are altogether j inexcusable,, and in my experience, without a parallel. It would have been extremely easy for me to have reduced my estimates, by the omission of important portions of the. w6rks,: such - as fencing, fish-plates, ballast.&c.;, but it has been my desire to provide for this colony the most efficient lines consistent with economy, and-I.have framed my estimates accordingly. Should any further details be deemed requisite, I shall, be happy to furnish them, but I respect fully submit that the information I have already furnished in this and' previous reports now before Parliament, proves beyond doubt, that ; these lines; have not been, and; cannot be carried j out,; for the: original estimates, even with an addition of 10 per cent. . "I have, &c.u;&c.;, " H. O. Mais, Engineer-in-Chief." / He thought that would show the Government and the Engineer had not departed from the" original designs. The Council had approved of • the consolidation of the loans, and he hoped: I they would support the Bill. . - The Hon. J. T. BA.GOT had listened; care fully to the solemn warnings of the Chief Secre tary, and never had he heard a Chief. Secretary" make a more firebrand speech. He appealed from the privileges of the Hduse to the working men, ana. warned the Council of the conse quences if they threw .out the Bill—if they not merely did not borrow money at the. request of the Chief Secretary, but in the' exact way he dictated. If such a speech had been made in j the other House by a Minister persons would have looked up»n it as going too far. : The Chief Secretary said that was the third time he had introduced the Bill. Why was that? Because the House had disapproved of such a way :of borrowing money—of taoking on items of great importance that the Council had had no oppor tunity of discussing. The Chief Secretary taunted him with being the champion of the privileges of the Council. He should be proud of such a position. It was important for- the sake of the country that the privileges of the House should be maintained, and it was ah. honor for a man to stand forth in their behalf. When he saw the Chief Secretary endeavoring, to sell the privileges of the House for tho pur pose of gaining some political advantage, he felt Sound to epter hig protest. " The Chief Secre tary referred to the£46,000 Bill he, as a mem ' ber of the Ministry, hoped to send to the Coun cil, but all the items in that Bill had been sanc tioned by the Council. (The Chief Secretary— '•.The same with this.") The same ? Had the Council sanctioned' the £10,000 for the Victor Harbor jetty ? Then there was the fact'that after the Loan Bill was introduced the House was asked to sanction in the form of a separate Bill one item included in the Loan Bill, and'threw it out. If the House was to be of the slightest use to the country they would riot yield up their privileges on the threats of the" Chief "Secretary. When the Chief Secretary included items, some of whioh had been rejected by the House, and some of which he knew: hon. members disapproved of, it was clearly a tack such as had never been attempted in these colonies before. The Chief Secretary argued that if they had ever neglected their ^privileges they should always abandon them. >The Chief Secretary spoke of the ;consequences; . but vfhose fault would that be? The responai-, bility was with , the .Government, If the Government chose to respect the privi-.. leges - of the Council, many in -the other House would support the Government: in doing; so. It was only a question whether the Govern/ ment were determined to force the Bill on the House in its present form. If the Government I would/withdraw the Bill they could carry out its objects in .another way.; : It .would be much better to withdraw the Bill and.- introduce several thatthe House might eonaider. That topoirt of Mr. ;Mais was plausible, but if looked into might not turn out to be worth much.. There was one item, theincreased quantity of Ballast "Why" was that, except that the Chief "Secretary intended to change the horsepower ' for locomotive. (The Chief Secretary—*r That would require less ballast V) Tbet onlyshowed \- how- the Chief .Secretary was imbued with the extravagant notions ofthr present Engineer-/ in-Chief when: he said that more ballast would be required'on a horse traction than on a loco motive Ijae. , : He would-remit ythat question | however, to the Hon. Capt Begot He would ask what £72;000 extra on onb fine could; be re-/ quired for,- exoept. tbat the plan of the line was ; being altered by deeper cuttings, heavier ballast, and bridges, and. In other ways. He could not. beUeve that Mr. Hanson, who was a talented man,.could be 50 per cent out in his calculations. Prpbably on isome occasions Mr. .Hanson had.; beep sobeVfaht extravagant, aa^engiheers com-' inoffiy1-were, but what they experienced: now out-Heroded Herod. '.The' extraragant .;Mr. Hanson was fkr^surpassed in extravagance by the. unextravagait' / Mr. Mais. The House should consider 'thu matter, and• should find j out how these thmgs happened. ,Mr.* Hanson I was . especially instructed to makeXight lines, and/roade his calcul^iqni aooordi^lyv but now. they/wereaakedtosanction £5,000; per mile buuay " where he, (Mri /Bf^bt) j^eved £3,OOC I wbnrado,if-toAJKnewiuintended/^^ WUUZU UUr aa eise ssww power, * HaWould Ooundil^ if they: wbhld consent'to be ehtirely ignored in money matters—whether toeywouidallow the Chief Secretary to say to themtney'inust take their phoice of rousing' :.np the working .men or taking a m oney Bul with: anything he chose to. I put in it He1 would move the previous ques l.tion. ■ : . ■ .v: ■ | : The PRESIDENT said there was. a' condi ! tional amendment of the Hon. J. Baker's on the paper,'and theycoulA not have two amend ments beforetheHouae et once. I I Thr Hon. J. T. BAGOT said till the-condi- , tiooal amendment was'uioyed it was no amend ment at alL ; .TbbPRESIDENT differed entirely, j .The Hon. J. T. BAGOT—Suppose the Hon; Mr.-Baker chooses to retire from the House. ; .The PRESIDENT ; said the conditional arneiidmentwas before them till Mr. - Baker should withdraw it ■ . j -The-Hon.. J. BAKER would ^withdraw 'the conditional amendment, and bring it on. again afterwards if necessary. - -v i •. ■ ■ The PRESIDENT thought he could not bring i t on again- • ' ' •"•'' 'r' ' ' \ The CHIEF SECRETARY submitted that if theprevious .question waaj?ut:5b one could^put an amendment afterwarda. , . 'i TheHoru'J. BAKER, to avoid difficulty, [ [would withdraw the contingent amendment. - ,: .'The 4Hon. T. ELDER hoped the Council would not, stultify itself by- agreeing to (the motion, as nothing had occurred since the jCouncil 'rejected the Bill a few days ago, to ■how why its^ decision shoud b«'altered. It could riot besaid that that derision had bean arrived at hastily, as it had: received every oon sideration,-ud, the Billhad been freely dis cussed by jll hon. members.-- seemed strange that thai Bill should I be ^brought before them again in precisely the samefbrm, aud it was not at all cossplimentary to the. good sense and - judgmentof the Council that such a course , ghonldibe pnrsned; - - The tactics of the-Qovera ment in this matter, were something like those . referred to by Hamlet, - when apostrophising his father's ghost— \- " The times have been. That, .when the brains were.out, the man would.. ... die, " . " And there am end; but now they rise again With twenty mortal murders on their crowns; - ' ' And push us from our stools.", . .. v : (A whisper—" Macbeth.") But he had a better, . opinion of his ^fellow members than ,to believe that they would change their 'decision, The ~'t example of the Legislative Council of Victoria ~ in resisting ,the encroachments' which were attempted .upqn thefr Utorties was worthy'of. imitation and resp'ot. Neither the dictates of ' the Assembly nor the hostility of the Govern ment and'Governor debarred the members of - the ^Victorian Council from doing what they: considered to bo' their duty. Nor "should that " Council .yield on points in which its privileges were involved. A great deal had been said : : about the harm that, would be done to the - colony' if, - this" < Bill; was rejected,' >and, one -hon, member (the Hon. Mr. Barrow) had. alluded to an invasion- of - the; city ... by)20,000 starving, men;■ demanding- work or- -' food, as one of;the likely results. He had never, heard in: that House anything so absurd as that. . statement appeared to .him; -He thought a great deal too much had been made of the state of the - - crops; and while; he was willing to admit that there were many farmers in certain districts - .who were likely to be reduced to1 snsh straitened circumstances as would call forconsideration at 1 Jihe hands of the Governmental hough'hb-hoped ■ they, would .meet with it first from their land lords—it should not be forgotten-that'this Was anextraordiriary'good season for maii7 agricul turists, who would gather ample crops, which " would command high prices. So that when re^ viewing the condition of the unfortunate' r farmer they should not forget the benefits which would be derived - by the fortunate one.' He had numerous tenants around'iG&wler; who • told him .that they , would be unable to; pay their rent next year—(hear, hear)—andfone of the largest of them had not ~ only;said that he would not be - able to pay the-'rent,-but had ' asked" him; for .assistance to obtain s6ed. (Hear, .hear.)v He did not refuse him, but felt willing to do all. that, he could to meet ' - rthe circumstances.' But when the Chief Secret'-':: tary.told them that there would be many want- ; V ing food ' unless these works were earned out, *'- ' and urged .thafc in favor of the Bill,' he!regarded.'! it: as an exaggeration, and would 'there-5 fore" lay that argument 'aside altogether. " Let' ' the Government take this - obnoxious Bill .to "' pieces and send'it up to them in separate parts; and he had no doubt that the Council would More than washed their . resjronmbility -if theBillwaslost 1 through.the Government- rejecting this advit& "; ' Thcf ,withdrawal;!6f all - opposition to- ithW'Lokri- - and-Appropriation Biils oright to convince ghO f Chief Secretary that there was nodesireto-bffer; -!< any'factib'Ys"- opposition.' The-Bill would benefit r hiim to a large extent, but notwithstanding that he' felt that it .was his duty* to oppose:-iv asvit' went against the interest's of the/oolonyif Even - if it resulted In tbe fall-of "the Ministry—which: : would be a"; great calamity "to ^themselves—! (liughter)--he would continue to oppose it. The Hon. J; IL B ABROW explained-thkt'he -"" had committed no breach/of confidence - ! remarks he lad made" respecting -Mr: ; TTan««n • > They were made with thecfknowledge-; of Mr.-' ■ • t Hanson, and purely with' a view, to serve the ' public interests. JHe had rio ide'a of interfering-') to adjust the differencea-between-Mr.—Hanson and-Mr. v Mais.- He . did riot wish1 idimpute to -/ -those hon. members whoopposedtneBill any desire to/bring; adire calamity" ori^tho^ colony, or to stop the progress rof .pnbli.c works on the contrary,-he gave theip credit for' : "sincerity. and; honesty ;in "the .manner in which' 1 "they acted. But it was strange that out of the majority; .by .which the'previous-'question bad been carried the other day; there were hardly two whoopposedtheBillti^onthe ground; one regarded it-as a Violation of the privileges y of that CounciLV another coriaidered-that it was^ not desirable tb borrow "money another wished > to have'it' taken to pieces,"ipd "the amounts."' ' sent up in separate Bills-; and smother objected to the principle ofthe'Bill altogether." White - the Blender majority.'differed so much in -H»a -. opposition they offered, to thevBill, the minority was represented by those who were united, at least, inthe idea that itwaa"meces sary to carry on-public works'by means of'a l<>an. He. did not mean to- stultify himself r , "on this occasion. He did notlike the form'Of -! the Bill, but he was afraid of the conseqaenees-' I if it was rejected.. , If. the.Bill had-b^seu brought- : [ up at ^n earlier period- in "the'sesrion he woolpl : I perhaps have been inclined to go for ifr alterd-" I tion to another form, but afterlooSirig atall " the facts of the case^ the'lateness of the session, " I the approaching holidays, and the importance - C ; i of the measure; he'would again: record his vote" - in favor of ih j The Hom>J. BAKER "said ha. had not stulti- " find himself/ nor did he intend to do-so. He regarded the remark of the" Hon. Mr; Barrow, that there were so many dbjeotioria'taken to the BUI as in .flavor of_its-rejection.-—He did-not - cotktder thaMl^e object rifCalfew 'days should lead them topass an objectionable measure,-sad-' there was afi inconsistency in the Hon.'Mr. , Barrow's /conduct when:. -he said that he v, weuldr ihave:-tried ->to , alter the Bill, if it jhsd bem;.. brought iaj("earlier, - but^ss , , itJwsa a<>:lste>iq the.sessionrhe.would Jet it pass as it was.; The. Couucilr had :jcei^lyfNli to, throw out the Bill, and that resolution shonli, ,, have been abided by/or, the Bill, should- havef " beenbronghtin again insonieleas objectionable form. The Hon. Mr. Barrow had aasuredihw]. - memhereiwho otoposed.thn BiU thkt*iyfeititibey gaye their votes honestly; say neoesaity Tor siich' a / statemeaL?^S?'v-. Barrow—" Mr. Elder, called wpfta, be would mot change, his vote even .if.tbe hon. fmem!>er~ ihoright the other^rrey^ifllr; ftsnrow—Hear, hear.")_H,thlajKUj»»8ij»trb daoed .on the; ground that it waa ye,jafred to - give relief to the Voriang'claaaes lw^CQidd shdwn the ;Qovririimerit*'k6iir^bft^4iSt^s of * affording-relief. ;-Le| them'teke; thfe'lmoriey aed:-'1 caiit it -hrosideast-about theVstreets^iind'they1' would thus give relief without wy"lalyc>i',being1:1 reqnired to bedrinef or it." ^Butthe Qhief SeCre&iy; cohld not have'introduced it with that^ vibw,3 iJr ~ hut for the benefit of the colony, -^twasnnfcr turiate to base -arguments ' in j tafror- of -iuchl ri measure upon the wants of ihevirorking q He was' of opinion that -any'laige- sum of'money expended upon, puhlic. works that ^ would not proye-reproauctive bould not. on account Of'tlie.f mereaaeataxatibn; -/be. for -the-: benefit ?of thai, workiag.classes:;: therefore, -those who shadrjth»:<> interreto ofxthqseclassesat heart iwonldOppoee-,^ rinreproductive works. / He c .thought that Hie labonng classes uDdereteod quite aa weU-^aa; the - Chief Secretary/did that works undertaken for thc?benefit"!of ajcertaiii.^class..^were nOfc /for t: benefit- -rH^.haq^th^wnlus mo1aon/infrvc4 - of the'Hom.MrUBagot'^b^ure'ofthe'dW vafioripf:0c> Chief Secretoy'ttot^heJBillwas; - thrown ouf it.wo^ld.lead t°.a breach* (if nrivile£s>. ' debate indhe'-Aaaembly j and, suchjirthing wa»f^ not ^desirable at that, periodinr the session,' etpei'; ciallywheri! there was a more ready;iriode' rif1! ? gettujg-outr of Jthe difficulty., This'cry of 'proi"" vfding for., .the relief 'of 'the working mass win 1 only" a "repstition!of what took plsde when thy! Waterwojrla. measure jvas brought fsrWaird last ? session; but as no^ evil had 'resulted froqi tH» rejection ofthat m«asure,he coujd.not 6on<ieive". tbat much: harm' would -her;done i by throwug' tbis out It wasmnly the cfy (of'."wblf, wolf; u * got up in previous sessions,' but mow altogether ? unnecessary.- -He said he did mot feel at kll^ satisfied 'with the T explanation "that' had 'beek , given as tp-the necessity for the extra' sums for the railways. '- If Mri'^Mais was 'rightMwhy'~di& ■ : the Governriaent-put rsuch a'liuxe 'sum down upon- the Estimates for Mrt '^Bknson, * recognition of his valuable services." If'Mr. Hanson - was-; right, why, uphold- Mr.- Mais^ - Might they :; not conclude ,by the <^riireri; tbnT, Government' had taken/that'. Mr.- Hariebn 'wsa - right, and that the works', ought have^v.-been - f carried out, for Ibis matimaMsT^He btfiend' that the reports as to the badnese hf the -crops*'*' were much exaggerated, and that thoee irao " were most busy in circulating" them were tie" largest holders of-last year's snppliek! if people, held back the resnltsr of .them crops with a view-j^ i to raise prion, it was to be hoped that foreign supplies would be obtained. There was no douot that the crops weie short in some dis trict!, but not in aU; and he believed that it would be found that there would not only be enough wheat to supply the wants of tlie colony, but that there would be a large amount left for export. ' The Hon. T. HOGARTH said he felt coin palled to oppose the motion, as he did not think the money would be spent to the benefit of the. colony, but squandered in unprofitable works. If they had cheap lines like the Wallaroo tram way, which payed well, It would be.^ "?• ' but it was absurd to have heavy locomotive lines. That the locomotive syetemwasaTai lm e in this colony was proved by the fact that £73.000 was required to maintain the lines now in existence. Therefore it was absurd to run further into the mess. _ . The Hon. H. MlLDREDfeaid be also would vote against the BilL He said when the Strathalbyn and Middleton Tramway Bill was passed it was intended that a cheap tramway should be made for a cost of £2,000 or £2,500 per mile; but now, instead of a tramway, they were to have a railway, the cost of the con struction of which would take £5,258 per mile. He complained that the original intention with respect to that line was altered, and expressed his belief that if the excess necessary for the alteration bad been brought up in a separate Bill it would not have received the consent of the Council. He then referred to the sum of £73 000 for the purpose of providing new rolling stock &c.;, for the present lines, and said there was nothing to justify such an expenditure at a time when the country was suffering so much. Even if this Bill was not passed, he believed there would be sufficient works to give employ •ment to all until next session. They would be shrinking from their duty if they did not re monstrate against the prodigal expenditure which was going on. The Hon. W. PARKIN wished that the Hon. Chief Secretary had withdrawn,the Bill instead of pushing it down their throatB, as he seemed< determined to do. (Hear.) They were called upon to vote £811,000 in one sum, but they ought to have had the items embraced in it brought up in different Bills, so that theymight; have been discussed upon their merits. _ He was i always willing to put his hand in his pocket to relieve distress, but they were not to be bamboozled into voting this money under-the belief that it was for the relief of distress. But a smaU portion of it would be spent m the colony, as all the rolling stock for tbehnes \- would have to be obtained from England. Then if the colony was in such a distressed state,how was it to bear the extra burden of £44,000 interest? Most oft heirmoneyedmen wereleaymg them. He fancied he heard the Chief Secretary gar iii a whisper, "that unless this Bill was passed, he would be off too If so, what a ter rible state the colony would be left in. (Laughter.) He was terrified at the idea. But, perhaps, after all, they would find some one who would be competent to fill his place. History tola them that no: great man had fallen hut some one was always found to take his place. (Laughter.) He deplored ,deeply, however, the loss of our capitalists. • Why had this Bill been pushed forward at the last moment? The Chief Secretary should have taken better care, and not have tampered with the feelings and principles of that House. He would support an expenditure on public works ; but not in an extravagant style. If they were to have rail ways, let them have cheap ones, and not such as involved ah immense expenditure. They did. not want to make this place a nursery of situa . tions for strangers, at £300 or®£400 a vear. : The Hon. C. H. BAGOT explained Uiat he was not opposed altogether to the borro vmg; of money. - He had voted for the borro >-ng ot money last year for tramways, bub. i .-as on the understanding that they were to con strue led cheaply. It was on account or the substitution of an extravagant system t >at he offered opposition to the Bill; and he wished, that his hon. friend had moved that it bo read a second time that day six months—(Chief Secretary-- " Hear, hear")—as it would be well if it was thrown out, and the country shown that the Council had no desire that it should be swamped by this borrowing. They should cease borrowing until their finances w<re in such a state as to enable them to pay off the interest, or else it would lead to the ruin of the place. These expensive railways would place such a load of debt upon the country as inevi tably to lead to its bankruptcy. A The CHIEF SECRETARY said he had not uttered anything that could be construed into a threat. He had said, as An argument m favor of the Bill, that seven- eighths of the works it embraced had already been assented to by that Council, and as an additional inducement that it should be passed, that' a time was ap proaching when, mere would be plenty of sur ' -plus labor, which it would be useful m main taining. It would have been a far more manly course to adopt to have moved the second reading for that day six months, instep of putting the previous question a second time. He would not promise to bring . it forward again if it was rejected. ("-ear, hear.) The Hon. Mr. Elder had advised him to bring in several Bills, but that hon.- gen ' tleman had no intention of supporting him if he •was to do so, as he was opposed to borrowing. He (Mr. Elder)'and Captain Bagot were the only lion, members who tad offered *air °PPCI" sition to the Bill. The privileges of (he Council were not affected by it, out the privileges of the Assembly were; and, as head of the Ministry, ' he was bound to consider that. He was too old : £ gfager not to know that if he was to divide and cut it up into seven. Bills what the fate of the Ministry would be. The Government could only he carried on by allowing one House to have the direction of the finances, though he Aid not mean to say that the Council had no power to. reject any Bill if they liked. He asked them either to accept the measure or reject it, as he could not withdraw it. If the previous question was carried hon.. members mnst regard it as tantamount to the rejection of the Bill, and they would have to take the responsibility of the action upon themselves, as he would not hear it. ■. w The PRESIDENT then put the previous question in the form "shall this question be mow put," upon which a division was taken as followsAyes—The Chief Secretary, the Hons. J H. Barrow, "W. Morgan, B. Solomon, T. . English, W. AY. Tuxford, W. Peacock, ■ and C. G. Everard. Noes.—The Hons. C. H. Bagot, J. T. Bagot, J. Baker, T. Elder, T. Hogarth, J. Crorier, H. Mildred, and AY. Parkin. The division being equal, the President gave his casting vote in favor of the ayes. : The . motion for. the second reading was then, put and carried, „ ' , ,, , In Committee. The Bill was passed through without any amendment. The House resumed, and the report was adopted. . The CHIEF SECRETARY moved that the Bill lie read a third time, upon which the Hon. J Baker called for a division, which resulted as followsAyes—The Chief Secretary, the Hons. J. H. Barrow, J. T. Bagot, C. G. EverardvT. English. W. Morgan, E. Solomon, W.W, Tux ford, and AY. Peacock.- Noes—The Hons. J Baker, T. Elder, and H. Mildred. Majority of 6 for the ayes. ? , ,,. , The - Bill was then ■ read a third, time ana WATERWORKS MANAGEMENT. f The Waterworks Management Committee ob tained extension of time until the following day. for bringing up its report. APPROPRIATION BILL. This Bill was read a third time and passed. PUBLIC PURPOSES LOAN BILL. At the request of the Hon. J. Baker the third reading of this Bill was postponed until the following day. PASTORAL CLAIMANTS ADMISSION . BILL. , ' : J Thi* Bill was received from the House or Assembly, read a first time, and the second reading fixed for the next day. . , i K The Council adjourned-at 25 minutes to 5, •until the next day at 2 o'clock. 