THE TWO DllOMIOS. "We cannot help thinking that thoro is a strong family likeness petwecn Mr. Disraeli and tho, no, not Prime Minister of Queensland. Al though the distanco between the two men, "both as to position and intollect, is as great as there was in size between tho ministers of his majesty of Brobdignag and him, of bis majesty ot Lilliput ; still, as wo nave said, oc- fore, there is a likeness. Both are men re presenting parties, and coquetting with oppo sitions; both have a majority with thorn in tho House, and a powerful majority against tliem out of it ; both aro acting upon expediency to retain, as long as possible, their positions, and are playing at liido and seok with the people, and endeavoring, by an ill-disguised noncha lance, to make them understand they feel themselves perfectly secure in their saddles. Both are seeking, by bravado and bullying, to fight their way through tho difficulties which surrouud them, and at tho same time are deal ing pretty extensively in that suaviter in modo and blarney, which they use as salves to sootho that irritation which their Pistolic-bravoisin creates. They are neither of thorn leaders " capable of undorstandiug or guiding a coun try, but aro rnoroly clever hucksters, shufflers of the cards ; adroit, able, but not wise or patrioticmon," with aprofound carelessness for public criticism and for the non-official world, as well as haters of that press which dare un- voil the cracked and unwholesome picture. They keep their secrets under lock and key as jealously as did Bluebeard the skeletons of lis dead wives, and both their natures are covered with a hippopotamus skin thickness of egotism which renders them impenetrable to the shafts of reason, of shame, or of cen sure. One leadoris hampered by the question, of Reform, tho other by that of'Einuuce, aud both arc putting off the evil day of settlement by every species of subterfuge and political chicanery. We will not pay Mr. Disraeli such an ill compliment as to say that ho des- conds so low in tho Bcalo of State-craft as Mr. Macalister, nor the latter gentleman so great an ono as to hint that he asceuds to the acumen, ability, and skill of the former — ho has all the defects, few of the abilities, of tho Conserva tive hero ! " Mr. Disraeli has at loast an intellectual conscienco," but our Brisbane Minister has no conscience at all, and appears to have read the histories of a Richelieu and a DuroNT, and studied thorn as models ; ho has but ono clear aim, and that is of receiving wages for work, no matter whether he turn it out apprentice or master like. It is quite clear that Mr. Disraeli is equal to his crisis, but we feel assured that Mr. Macalister is not equal to his ; our fear is, that ho will post pone it, throw it off, as a porter does his load from his kuot, and leave it for someone else to carry the rest of tho journey. Ho will rob Peter to pay Paul ; he will find some highly seasoned sops for tho Cerberuses standing before the portals which open upon our utter ruin ; — which sops he will have to stool, us uu- justly as Jacob did Esau's blessiug. When he has obtained the golden fleece, ho will pre- sent it to the commercial portion of our com munity, aud will creep out between the crevice caused by the division of party, and leave it to his successor to frame a Pandora out of the discordant particles. Here lies the real mischief. If Mr. Macalister succeed- in smoothing down tho hair on the backs of the commercial interest by rubbing up that of the pastoral ; if he make wool pay a portion of those liabilities which ho personally has, in so great a measure contracted, and thus ease tho load which now lies on the shoulders of the importing, laboring, and consuming classes; we should- be worse oif than ever, we shall have escaped neither Scylla or Ciiarybdis ; immediate war will be commenced between Town and Country, and wo should lose that unity which can alone carry us through our difficulties, and secure the future prosperity of Queensland. Mischiof enough haH been done already ; by a perfectly idiotic policy tho North has been alienated from tho South — two opposing interests are at work — each one pulling in an opposite direction. Confusion will be worse confounded ; the great object which the North has in view will be mado more indistinct and less attainable, because strength will be enervated by division; the Jocks ofJSAiisoN will be cut off by this Delii.a in breeches, and wo shall be compelled to work with shackles on our limbs,. and be dragged, Hector like, behind tho chariot of the con queror. Mr. Disraeli would not dare, if ho would, be unconstitutional, he dare not movo one inch beyond the lettor of the law ; unfor tunately Mr. Macalister both can and has acted unconstitutionally, because he dared, and dared because lie knew he Bhould not be corrected by a Governor who had tho power to negative his pro positions and to chock-mato him in tho very opening of his game. As Sir George clearly holds a greater power over his Ministers than the Queen over hers, as ho has tho power to suy " No" to every net of his Ministers which is opposed to law, or is advorso to tho opinions of tho people and to tho in'terosts of the coun try, so is ho as clearly more to blame than his Ministors, and isiu fact tho head culprit. Ho has a prerogative and has not oxerted it, but, has allowed himself to bo wound round tho fingors of an abler, but perfectly politically conscienceless man, and has been i ho more Punch of tho bIiow, which tho chap within the curtains lias danced about at hiB pleasure. But this does not decrease his culpability, nor render him less nnsworable to the country, which his weakness and want of eelf-respoct lias brought into a condition of discord nnd of distress. Answer this ho must. What will ho say P As Eat, staff said to Justice Shallow, when ho besccched that lie might have his thousand pounds home with lum ? " Ecar not your ndv.anoomont, I will be the man who shall make you great." How will ho act ? Will ho tako out his hddlo, and play a voluntary, as Nero did amid tlio flames of burning Rome ? Pr'y thee, Sir George, lot us have £500 of our £1000." Sir George has broken tho laws (ho is here to see earned out iu thoir intogrity) by tho actions ot his Ministors; therefore we are not bound to bow to those acts, but have a clear right of appeal against them. Large sums of monoy liavo been, wo hold, in common with the peo ple of tho 'North, unconstitutionally spent for tho direct benefit of a portion of tho coinmu nity, at tho oxpenso ot a considerably larger portion; if this bo proved, wo have a right to refuso to pay any part of the interest ot that monoy in the shapo of taxation, nor can wo be hold responsible tor tho paymont of tho prin ciple. It is in fact a private debt, the settling of which justly lies with tho Governor and Mr. Macalister. If the South conceivo itself benefited, lot it help its bonofactors out of tho mire. If it dance lot it pay tho pipor. Wlion Mr. Disraeli met the House, tho ex pectation was great, the anxiety greater, of nil parties, to know what he was going to Bay and what plan ho was about to propose ; many words were Bpoken and yot nothing was said ; no ono was a bit tho wiser after he had finished than when he begun. Tho " fover fire" of ambition was iu liim to hold bis posi tion yot a littlo longer, and his game was to explain nothing, to keep the country in sus pense, and he succeeded. Mr. Macalister will tako precisely the same position, lie will explain nothiug, but he will go a Btop beyond Mr. Disraeli, ho will propose something, and that will bo, ' Wo must pay our debts, aud in ordor to pay wo must levy taxes," he holds a similar opinion with regard to a people as tho town clerk, spoken of by Cahlyle, did with regard to schoolmasters, when tho question aroso, how they should be maintained? de livered this brief counsel, " D — n them, keep them poor." How shall we manage the coun try ? will bo asked. " D— n it, keep it poor," will be the answer expressed by deeds, if not by words. Poverty is tho parent of subser viency, and " wo aro your very humble ser vants," will follow when we shall not have two coppors in our pockets to jiuglo ono against the other. WhatevorMr. Disraeli's syslom may be, lie is powerless to do anything which will injure Jiiugla-nu— lie inny buzz due no cmi- not sting — tho mighty wave of public opinion can sweep him away from his position, and his utmost endeavors can only end, as thoy com menced, if it bo so willed, in words. Not so with Mr. Macaltster, if the Governor but endorse his plaus, he cau sting, and that so sharply, that collapse or death may follow; ho can step from his ministerial chair, and be- quoath to the country lusting and insupport able curses ; tho curso of division, tho curso of taxation, and the curso of discontent, aud the cgotistieiil veni, vidi, vici of tho patron, will be the unobliterablo words woven iu with that tangled and poisonous wreath of folly, shortsightedness, selfishness, aud chicanery, which tho servant will, if ho be not arrested, instantly, aud jeeringly drop upon the brow of Queensland— to kill as surely as did tho chapelet which the hand of Orchis bound round tho beautiful forehead of the brido ot tho Epicurean. How cau wo lift tho dead weight from us ? We have wrongs for our fulcrum, justice for our lever, and shall wo content ourselvos by repeating the magnificent boast of Archimedes, and say what we would do if we could ? And liko the cat in tho adage, " lot I daro wait upon I would,". Lord Monck, the Governor of Canada, said a fow weeko since, " Wherever solf-govorn- ment exists, the state of feeling is most sound and wholesome." -Lot us keop thoso words in mind; the duties of our representatives must not be performed at the dinner table, nor at home but in our Houses of Parliament ; their language must bo commensurate with tho im portance of their subject — each must say with the noblo Athenian, verhcra, sed audi (strike, but hear mo) — if the Government refuse, we, tho people, must speak — and bo heard, and if nocessarv. strike too. " Truth is tho daughter of Timo and not of authority," and if we wait, hut not idly, we shall presently see that ' tho mighty bubble," of whieh we now so anxiously watch the blowing, is but a soap bubble, and will bocome a "drop of state soap suds" — but if idly — then we had better, like the apprentice of Hooartu, play at chuck-farthings or cherry stones npon tomb-stoneB, and endorse tho war rant which hands us over to the tender mer- cieB of our political Jack Ketches. The Liberal English journals have already cried out, " so inucli for Buckingham." Tho gods grant that we may bo able to shout, (and shout wo would) — " So much lor Ipswich." Petty Dedts, — A Potty Debts Court will bo lioldon this morning, Wednosdny, nt tho Court House, and I lio iurthcr Revision of Rules for tho working of said Court will bo brought under the consideration of the Bench. Tho Magistrates summoned are Messrs. R. H. D. While, R. M. Hunter, and T. 3. Hall. Thoso gen tlemen aro particularly requested to ultend punctually nt 10 o'clock, ns tho quest iou relative to tho Revision of RuIcb is ono of tho groatest importance to" tho dis trict, and it is desirable it should bo promptly nttendod to, and forwardod to tho Attornoy-Goneral without any furthor doluy, as tho proBont now Act, 30 Vio., requites rulos to bo mado for its working, and is cnusing gonoral inconvonionco from its present in- eoinpioto condition. Thoro aro two adjournod cases both dofonded. R. Oostolla v. II. J. Carmichacl ; R. P. Wood v. P. Compton, and 2(5 now ensos, of whieh olovon aro settled, seven aro undefended and oight dofonded. Ton o'olook sharp. Aquatics. — In accordnneo with tho advertisement to thut olfect, a mooting took place on Monday evoning, at Nobbs' Hotel, m ordor to frame resolutions for tho purposo of gatting up a Regatta on Hor Mojosty'8 Birthday. Mr. Nobbs in tho chair. A Committoo was foriuod, consisting of — Messrs. W. Whittle, G, Morris, M. Harris, T. Nobbs, N. H. Ticrnoy, J. Patorson, J. Cunningham, W. H. Wardlo, J. Brown, and W. Callaghan. Mr. Cunningham was olccted as Socrotary, nnd Mr. Nobbs ns Treasurer. The following rules wore then proposed and carried t — 1st. That all boats entered for the pulling racos will bo handicapped by the Committee, or whom they may appoint. 2nd, That tho namo of no porson will bo taken as a sub- soriborto tho race fund, until tho amount promised bv him bo paid. 3rd. That five mombors of tho Com mittoo form a quorum, nnd that tho Treasurer and Socrotary bo ex officio mombors of tho Committoo. 4th That oaoh moinbor of tho Committoo bo furnished with a copy of tho subscription list. 5th. That nil rneosbo run in couiplianoo with tho Sydnoy rules. After a vote of thanks hnd boon passod to tho . Chair man, tho meeting adjourned until eight o clock on Thursday ovoning (to-morrow) night. Wo truBt tho lovers of national sports will como forward liberally with their "mites"; many " nnoklos iinako a inuoklo, nnd, wo boliovo, that tho smallest donations will bo thankfully rocoivod. Wo aro ploased to boo that tho boats will bo handicapped, ns it will equalize them, aud increase tho cliancos of good and wch contested races. If tho day should bo flno, wo antiolputo that tho river will prosont a gay scono; perhaps a few of tho amateur fry may accidentally catch crabs, wlion Hashing thoir l,l,„l,.« aiul woinnv nossibly hoar "boalum overlurnaoil, bnt wo hopo not " sunt droum-eoeruut, as wator excur sions aro voiy delicious so long as wo oan lironago to float on tho top of tho waves, but docidodiy objoction- nblo when wo Bink to tho depths b»low, and becomo aftorwards " food for fishes." . Our Perry. — Wo bog to call tho nttontion of our Corporation to tho Btato of tho Forry. Why wo linvo to do so, wlion thoro >s a paid ofllcial for that purposo, wo lenvo to othors to explain, but tho rondiness of tho Municipal Authorities to como to our rosouo whonovor thoro is reasonable oauso of complaint shown, induces us to bring tho mattor before thorn at onco. Owing to tho difficulty of ronching tlio upper or Breakwater Fcrrv'whou tho tide is running out, tho piintmnn is compelled to make for tho lower ono, and in ninny instances, wlion tho water is at all low, liorsos, cattle, and live stook como to grief, as they aro forced to land in slush, and invariably sink at tho flrst stop up to their flanks in stiff miid, from which wo hnvo wiinonsod thoir efforts to extricate thomsolvos, in liiany of j which they havo boon more or loss injured. Some short time sinco a valuablo mnro in landing was badly scrnpcd from tho fetlock to tho hock, and tlio cart to which sho was harnessed had to bo plankod on shoro. Als thoso difficulties could bo avoided if tho puntinan wal provided with propor sweopi, thoso ho has boing mere apologies, and ono of thorn is held togothor by two pieces of batten 1 Tho consequenco of which is that ho is not able to make war ngainst tho obb tido bo as to roach tho upper forry, but is obligod to drop down to tho lower ono and land his freight in tho mud. Tho Corporation should cither provido sweops of sufficient lungth nnd strength, or plank out tho lower forry approach to low water. East Street. — This Btroot on which there is moro traffic than upon any oilior ono in tho town, and which is thcroforo tho ono of the greatest importance, both to our inhabitants gonornlly and to thoso who trnvol to nnd from our most important districts is tho worst in Rockhampton. Wily it should liavo re mained in its prosont unfinished stato for so many months, is ono of tho Corporation mysteries, which we cannot nttompt to solve. Why tlicro should bo shot on to it enrt loads of earth, which upon tlio lenst Bliowcr dissolves into mud battor, and defies tho strength of bullocks or horses to drag thoir. loads through it, may also bo anothor mystory, kopt from tho knowloilgo of outsidors. Tho perfecting of this street Bhould bo tho very first road improvement undortakon by tlio Corporation, and wo aro surprised that thoy havo not aoknowlcdgud this necessity by having it put in good working ordor long ago ; it is of tho noarost consequence to ovory 0110 in tho town, as well as to thoso who havo to travel to tho Morinish and tho districts whieh lio in that direction. Tlio highway to our most important source of wealth, should prosont ns many facilities and as fow iinpodi- moots as possibla. Kvory obstruction should be swopt off, even tlio top ot Rast-streot Bhould bo oponed in order to do away with tho sharp and strango turn, and tho road carried straight out of tho town. Wo havo soon mnny roads mado, and wo canuot. oxpross our admiration nt tlio inolhod pursued of sowing soft onrlh without any mixture of substantial material, but this is tlio business of our Town Survoyor, and it will not do for us to Ironoli upon his province). Then, again, Ilolsover-stroot boyond tlio Cornstalk, is worso than Mucklush Heath — a porfcct Blough — 001110 but a shower nnd every dweller about aud licur, is compelled to slosh through it, or olso stay away from homo till it plcaso tlio sun to dry it up again. This could bo in a groat degreo remedied by slightly raising it oil tlio west side, thus throwing tlio water down towards tho rivor, into wliioli it could bo carried by a drain. Wo wonder.' that Al- dormun Grant has not brought this matter before tho Council Jong ago ; probably ho may hnvo felt a delicacy, us ho would bo directly benefited by the im provement, nnd did not liko to speak 11. st ; us wo liavo now branched the subject, wo hopo that lie will seo fit to follow up our remarks by bringing tho ques tion before tho Council ns soon as possiblo. Press Ignoiiaxob. — In tho Money Mnrkct and City Intelligence of the Fobrunry Home Hems, wo find tho following amusing piece of intelligence, which affords a proof if any wore wanting of tho uttor ignoraneo of English journalists upon almost ovory point of Colonial statistics. Tho artiolo referred to statos, amongst othor things, that tho revenue of the colony of Queens land for tho eurrout year is computed at £813,000 M and tho oxpendituro at £680,000! Wo wish it were so. Tho reverse of tho picture is nearer tho truth. I11 colleotuig from Queensland papors, tho grontost in accuracy is constantly shown by lOnglish journalists, who evidently consider liko Mr. Toots, that anything from tlio Colonics is "of no oonsequonco." Such gross errors as thoso quoted above aro wholly inexcusable. Tho Queensland papors, 0110 and all, are particularly roiuurknblo for their clear and lucid statements upon tho stato of tho rovonuo, which hns for many years we may say bocn tho standing dish of Brisbaiic Editors' pons and Correspondents animndvorsion. | The Disagreeable Woman. — Tho disiigreonblo woman haunts ovory splioro of society. Sho;is not no- ocssarily ugly. Up to a certain period sho may not exhibit tlio traits of her disposition. Sho may ro- somblo tlio tigcrkin, whoso claws aro not grown, and whoso habits nro attractive and playful. . But her nature soon breaks out ; if sho marries, tlio victim soon gets a foretaste of his misery. If tho husband is well off, tho disngrcoablo woman can utterly destroy his domestic comforts. Sho studies liow tp do it, and brings a born capacity to tho task. Sho ilislikos what ho likos. Sho won't visit tho friends I10 \vishos her to visit, or if sho docs sho mnnagos to insult them. She is novor ready to go out wlion I10 wants hor, but sho is off with a cheerful roadinoBS when ho would prefer hor to remain n.t homo. Sho dismisses his favourite ser- vants, and will almost bully any wcll-Iavourott parlour maid to whom lio says " Good juorning."_ Sho throws lior pa' or hor ma' in hi face if she clnims to bo of bettor family. If ho ventures on solccling a dross or a shawl for hor, slio never wears it. For ali this tho sort of woman of wliioli wo aro writing may not liavo a single reason which slio oould put into words. Tho moro comfortable sho is made, tlio worso sho becomes. It is simply hor mission to bo disngecablc, nnd dis- agrccablo, bIio will bo until porliupB her spouso lias tlio molauckoly satisfaction of following her mortal remains to tho grave. If a leal virtuous wife is a crown of glory to hor liusbnnd, what sort of crown is tho wife who has, if not a depraved, a peovisli sonsc, which sho cultivates until sho can use it with tho skill of a vivisooting operator? .... Tho disagrecablo woman novor flirts. To flirt sho would deny herself, for a whilo at least, tho dolight of being unpleasant, and such a sacriflco sho is novor propnroa to make. In tho bosom of her family, as it is callod, slio is a sore thorn. AYhon sho leaves tho parent nest slio it not improved. — London Review. In our opinion tho most intensely disagrecablo woman in tho world is a remarkably charming nnd delightful creature, who, nfter you havo boon laying "bingo to hor heart, writing Bonnets to hor eyebrow, opens her rosy lips, and breathes out " No," wlion you ask licr to say " Yes." Moro especially if sho havo received a bouquet from you — ovcry flowor of which spoko with allegorical oloquonco of your passionate dovotion. How confoundedly littlo a man feols after such a rebuff; his comb is shorter by tho wliolo length. Tho only way ho can rovongo himself is by dircotly bogging tho lndy's pardon, and doolaring that ho mis took hor for hor cousin, who is misundorstandubly ugly; and then turn round and mnko lovo to that oousin before tho cruel one's fuco. If a man can do this he is a hero, and if ho can only carry it a littlo furthor and sing, whilo tho cousin acoompauios him — " Slinll I wasting In despair, Dis baaauso a woman's fair; If she ho net lair for mo What cam I how fair she bo,t" Ho deserves to bo crowned in tlio Cnpitol— En. IV. Ai Turkey.— Wo loam from tho Nord Deutsche Allge- meire Zeitung, " thut tho insui'gouts in Caiidiu wore victorious in two fights, that tho Oandiun National Assembly has instauod a Provisional Government of soron members to seo to tho liorao managament of tho insurrection. 410 individuals, who wore oxpollad by tho National Assembly 011 account of thoir bad con- duot, have boon carried off by two Turkish frigates Tho population of tho .bordor provincos aro awaiting tho signal to riso, nnd ovorything in Sorvia is ready for an outbreak." Tho latest nows is that Mustnplia Pasha threo timos attempted to tako tho Christian camp by storm, and threo tiinos was repulsed with heavy loss. Tho Sphnkiotos liavo takon up arms and are resolved to conquer or dio. In tlio province of Oaiidia uu encounter took plnco botweou n Turkish corps of 500 inon and tho voluntoors commanded by Potro- pulanhi ; in this encounter eighty Turks foil and threo Christians. An Atlions papor Bays, " Tlio GreekB of to-day aro noithor tho. Greeks of Pericles nor tlio Greeks of Byzantum ; and our political stato is tho result of a numbor of spooial ciroumstaucos wluoh havo nothing in common with thoso of othor poonlo. Wo may bo told that tho first head of tho nation foil a victim to politionl dissensions, and a revolution ox- polled our first dynasty ; but is it Groooo alono who has got rid of hor rulers by violonco ? Crisos aro to bo met with in tho annals of all countrios, and thoy aro moro froquont and moro oxcusnblo in tlio first period of tho lifo of nations,, wlion thoy aro not yot established on a firm basis, and whilo thoy aro under going that work of formation whieh can ulouo bo but an opoch of trouble aud agitation. Scanty Drapery. — Our neighbours aoross tlio Ohiinnol nro aotually shocking poor Louis Napoleon's soitso of doconoy. The habituo of Leicester Square poses plasliques, and worso, is ' turning dovotoo— a sure sign that tlio pliysiquo is failing, nnd that His Imperial Majesty is looking to liis latter and;, for wo boo that tho oclobratod Madninoisollo Corn Pearl, tho amazone of tho Bois do Boulogne, lias bcon forbiddon to appear naked, or next door to it, and that tho in junction eauio from a very high quarter. This provos the axiom that " nature unadorned is adorned tlio most," to bo what ovory hoalthy-inindod person fools it — bosh— and that " to tho pure all things aro pure," is unmitigated rot. l'coplo cannot doubt tho ovidcnco of their senses. What is impure looks impure, nnd must bo recognised as suoli, howavor philosophically tho mind miiy bo traiuod. Mdllo. Cora doos 110 moro than licr predecosBOrs ; tho French stago always luis bcon indecently picturesque. Tho ludy mado hor debut nt tho Bouflbs Pnrisiennos ; tho part sho clioso was that of Cupid in Affonbaeli's OrpMpiaux Lifers. Tlio report says: — "Slio appears as a etipid of tho timo of LouiB XIV., in very palo nnd thin flesh- 1 colour lights, with a littlo bluo uiantlo trimmed with gold flowers and fringo thrown over her sliouldors. For tho rest, with tho oxcoption of a nooltlnco of pearls and a pair of goldon sandals, sho has nothing on at ait save a gauzy covoring, whieh, as a Parisian journal discreetly doseribes it, commence bien an dessus _ in qinou, pour sc terminer bien an dessus tie la poilrine, et se prcte dans I'intervallo aux explorations les plus audacieuses. To behold this iudocent spootuelo, u con siderable numbor of fasliionablo peoplo wore willing 011 tho flret night to pay £6 for a singlo placo, and £20 for n small box. Tlio Jockoy Club mustered in force to greet their favourite, and thoir vory ontliusinstio applause excited soino protest from tho moro dccont part of tho auilionco." — Tho more dccont part of tho audienco I Which wore thoy ? Freedom of Republics. — "Two officers of tho government woro removed from their posts for opposing President Johnson's policy." So much ior tho vaunted liberty of America; lot thoso who nro grumbling at tho narrowness of tho franchise, and who are wildly agitating for what they think thoy want,, watch events in America, and spocially ask thomsolvos if such nn act of dospotisin as tho above could havo tnkon pluou in England. Out Bunkumkd. — A pnpor in America, notod for bouncing nbout Yaiikeolaiul nnd Yankcos, provokod tlio following retort from a neighbouring journal, tlio Editor of which was alive to tho boinbnst and " high falutin' " stylo of ids contemporary. Tho burlosquo is admirable " This in a glorious country 1 It lias longor rivors nnd inoro of tlioui, and they nro muddier mid deeper, nnd run faster, and riso higlior, and mako more noise, and fall lower, and do inoro dnmngo than anybody olso's rivers. It lias more lakos, nnd thoy are biggor and doepor, and clcarc, and wottor than thoso of any othor country. Our rail-cars are biggor, and run faster, and piteli oif the track oftonor, and kill inoro peoplo than all other rail-ears in this and every other country. Our steamboats carry bigger tonus, are longor and broader, burst thoir boilers oftonor, and sond up their passongors highor, and the captains swear harder than steamboat captains in any other country. Our mon are biggor, and longer, and thiokor ; en 11 light harder and faster, drink moro moan whiskoy, chew moro bad tobacco, and Bpit moro, aud spit further than in any otlior country. Our latlios aro richer, prcttior, dross finer, spond moro monoy, break moro hearts, wear biggor hoops, shorter drosses, and kick up tho dovil gonorally to a greater oxtont than all othor ladies in all other countries. Our children squall loudor, grow faster, get too oxpansivo for thoir pantaloons, aud become 20 years old soonor by somo months than any other children of any othor country on tho earth." The Ohionon Danger.— lioauty will no longor, ns tho poet, says, " draw us with a singlo hair," if what tlio Russian Professor says of Chignons is trno. Tho London hairdressers aro now in a perfect storm of in dignation about his microscopicdivulgoiicios, whieh thoy dorido and declare to bo fnlso. Wo must say our opinion goos witli lliom. Tho diseovory is rather Into. Evorytliing is life, and wo quostion whore parasites would not bo found if tho sarno microscopic power was usod. Had falso hair really containod podiculi, or tho germs of podiculi, tlicro could bo 110 doubt that tlio aunoynneo would liavo mnde itself apparent. Amongst tlio many letters published by a portion of tlio London Press relative to this quostion, wo subjoin one taken nt random from tho mass: — "Sir, in a practical expori- onco of twonty-fivo years I liavo never soon tlio signs of lifo in a singlo look of hair that has passed boforo 1110, and wo liavo, as a trade, spoilt an enormous amount of lnbour to romovo all danger. Tho ogg that " In vestigator" montions as adhering to tlio hairs is now provod, boyond the sliudow of a doubt, to bo merely the empty bIioII from which tho iusoot has long oscapod, and iii 110 instanoo whatever, whoro tho most fioworful microsoopio powor has bcon brought to boar, las lifo or tho germ of lifo bocn discovered. I am perfectly sure that if half tlio nttontion woro paid to their living looks by tho fair sex as aro bostowod upon thoso supplied to thorn by tho oxporioncod hairdrcssor, that wo should novor hear of such annoyances as aro represented by so many of your correspondents. Allow mc, Sir, to ndd a prescription, simple, incxponsiro, and infnlliblo, for tlio bonoilt of any who mav liavo mis givings upon the subjoot, especially for tho sister of tho ' Family Man,' oIbo for ' Short Crop ' and his fair sistor : Got threo pennyworth of white prooipitnto ointmont from any chomist, and apply to tho skm_ of tho hoad for tliroo suooossivo nights, on tho following mornings washing tho head well in a strong solution of common soda, wliioli will not injure tho hair, and woo bo to all insoet'lifo.— I am, Sir, yours, &c.;, a West-end Hairdresser." The Golden Key. — How mnny mon in this 4000 (P) and odd years old world of ours, havo shown by thoir actions that thoy had an idoa tho door of Hoaron was to bo oponed with a " goldon koy." Tho gilt-plated "inuiubo-jumbos" of tho enrtli,liko Morops, havo ono foot on oarth and strain all in thoir powors to roaoh tho abodes of tho gods, but tho vory rushes thoy trample on sing out tkat thoy havo " asses oars," and as doRorvodly ns tho son of Gordins. Roprosont but tho notions of thoso mon in any way, nnd thoy will 001110 out " Zero thoy trnvol ordine retrogardo," and for a fow shining partiolos of the very onrth thoy tread upon, and of which thoy sny tliay aro masters, thoy forgot of what thoy aro iuhoritors ; thoy leave tlio definite for tho indclliiito, as Blnko, tho painter, roso from painting tho hoad of Wallaco, to sketch tlio ghost of a flea which had obtruded itself botweon his cyo aud tho canvas. Tho following, which wo mot with tho othor day, is to tho point : — " A Glasgow morcliant 011 his (loath bod sont for a Fruo Chuuch olorgynian. Having somo fears regarding his futuro prospects, lie asked tho rov. gontlouian, " Do you think, if I were to laavo £10,000 to tho Free Kirk, that my soul would bo savod ?" " Woll," answorod tho cautious minister, "1 eouldn'l juBt promiso you tlint, but I think it's nn oxporimont woll worth trying." This was diamond out diamond, but tho minister was tho " outer" of tho two. Tho result might be doubtful as to the futuro prospoots of tho dying " Divos," but not so ns to tho bonoilt whioh would bo conferred on tho " Froo Kirk." Thoro was a two-fold problem at work, ono was worthy tho powors of Euclid, tlio othor oould bo solvod by tho lowost boy on tho fifth form. Iob and its Virtues. — Medical mon in tho Colo nics, ns a body, stick to tho old praetioo, and soldom show any favour to what mnny of them term now funglod ideas. Ico hns for yours puBt boon usod aB an agent in all inflammatory disonsos on tho Oontiuont, and with wonderful oifeot, nnd wo fool confident that had it boon more gonornlly omployod amongst us, our eomotory would bo far less crowded tlian it is at pro sont. In Hall's Journal of Health, a work now onjoying nn iminonso circulation nnd groat publio con fidence, it is stated tliat ioo to a porson burning up witli internal fevor is a comfort boyond expression. Swallowing ico freely in small lumps is the cliiot trentmont in inflammation of tho stomach. Tho con stant application of ico, powdorod flno and onvoloping tho head with it by moans of a cushion or other con trivances is tho most rolinblo romody lor that danger ous malady, inflammation of tho brain, which so often sends its victim to tho gravo in a few days, or that living grave, tho mnd-houso. In all inflammations, whether oxternnl or internal, ioo diminishes rapidly tho sizo of tho blood vessels, and thus rohovos tho pain wlion swollon by thoir pressing against tho nervos which always aro in tho way of tho arteries of tho system, Diptlioria, nnd soino of tho worst othor forms of sore throat, liavo boon urrosted in a vory siiojt timo by powdoring a picco of ioo in a bag, tlion laying tho head back, taking tlio lumps and swallowing tliem ^con tinuously until rolievod, allowing thorn to bo dotainod in tho throat as long as possiblo, thoro to molt. All forms of diarrhcoa and dysentery whoro there is a groat thirst, tho gratification of which by drinking any liquid, incroasos tho malady, aro promptly conlrolloU, nnd in many eases, porfoctly cured by swallowing us lnrgo lumps of ico as possiblo. Epilopsy itself, ono of tho most uncontrolled of human maladios, is said to bo treated successfully by tlio application of .ioo to tho spinal portion of tho system. A pioco of ioo laid 011 tlio wrist will ofton arrest profuso and daugorous blood ing of tlio noso. In oroup, wator, as . cold as ico can mako it, if appliod freely and porsistontly to tlio throat, nock, and upper part of tlio oliost, with a sponge or cloth, ofton uffords nn ulinost miraculous rcliof, espe cially if followed by drinking copiously of ico water, wiping tho wottod parts poriuctly dry, then wrapping tlio child closely up in dry flannels, allowing it to full into a delightful and life-giving slumber. _ Sad Aooidbnt. — Oolonol M'Konzio, living on tho Old Glovolaud Road, was, about 2 o'clock on Sunday laBt, riding in tlio immudinto neighbourhood of his rosidcnco, Springllold, accompanied by liis son, Honry Murdo M'Konzio, a child of bntweon six and sovou years of ago. Tlio liorso tho child was riding sud denly, from somo uuoxpluiiicd cauao, took fright and started off through tlio buBli. Tlio child fell from tho snddlo, but having had his foot in tho stirrup lealliors instead of in tho irons, as is common with vory young children, 0110 foot romainud fastened, anil by this' the littlo fellow was dragged for a considerably distance, tlio body boing frightfully bruisud aud muliluted, and at last, horrible to relate tho limb being aotually torn from tlio trunk. Whon tho horso was caught it was found still hold in tho stirrup loathor. Only ono pnrticlo of consolation sooms to prosont itsolf in this most inoluncholy ulfuir, and thut is tiiat tlio poor child must liavo bcon killed almost immediately nftor falling from tho suddlo, and that it was only an insensible body that, reccivod tlio allocking injuries wliioli aftorwards woro inflicted. Tlio body'' was brought into Brisbano und buriod on Monday. — Bris bane Courier. Quick Woiik. — Wo published a fow days ago a lottor from a correspondent at Burketown recounting the fact of somo prisonors having oscupcd fromSweor's Island. Tlio following oxtraet from a private lotter rccoivcd in Brisbano from Lieutenant Uhr, of tho Nntivo Monntotl Police, shows that thoy havo been oapturcd after oxertions oroditublo to that gontleman. Tho lotter is dated from Marathon, 10th May. Ho says : — " I havo had another chnso nftor two prisonors. Two mon escaped from Mr. Landsborough, from Sweor's Island ; thoy took a life-boat and mado their cscapo to tho mainland ; 0110 mail named Williamson I arrested for murder, tlio othor 0110 I had a long aide aftor boforo ; tlioy had four weeks start whon I hoard they hud gono, and I overtook thorn six days aftor 400 miles from tho Gulf ; I rodo 400 milos in six days, and iu twonty-four hours 150 inilos ; I had no police with mo whon I urrosted thoni : one had a rovolvor, and hud been seen 011 tho road with two carbines threatening to shoot 1110 if over they saw rao, but whon I overtook litem thoy lost their courage" This samo gontlouian followed two mon 1500 inilos into tho Now South WuIob country somo timo ago. Ho was away for six weeks, but brought his mon homo.— Courier , 22. A Marine Phenomenon.— Tlio recent trials of tho iron-olud frigato Rellerophon, havo rosultod in ono of tlio most extraordinary phonomonu over dovoloped Rhine the introduction of steam propulsion. This ponderous ship has been steaming about at tho on- triuicc to tho Tliiunos and Mcdway, undor circum stances for wliioli all tlio seioneo of tlio duy vainly at tempts to account, and which balilo thoso who hnvo desi ;iied, built, and put onginos into tho ship, no less than tho nautical gontlcmon who had chargo of hor during lior trialB. In technical languago, tlio 'pheno menon in question is denominated " negative slip," but in common parlanoo it is spokon of as a enso of tho slip overrunning tlio scrow, whieh in this instance has occurred to nn altogether unexampled degreo. Wo may stato tho caso in tho simplest maimer to tho gonoral ronder, by saying shortly that although through out tho trials of this ship, while tlio screw propellor which drivoB her has been itsolf advnnoing with a Bnecil barely, if at all, oxccoding 121 knots per hour, tlio ship hersolf has boon speeding through tlio water at tlio rate of 12 knots. If a pliononicnoti of this iiaturo had occurred with a light vessel, constructed with oxclusivo regard to floetuess, it would obviously havo bocn a singular cirouinstanco, but for it to happen with nn iron ship of wnr of tho stoutest construction, covered with tlio most pondorous armour ovor yot ap plied (o n sea going ship, and carrying a greater weight of it on a hull only 300 foot longor than tho Warrior carries on a hull nearly 400 feet long, is a most uucx- poctod and unaccountable circumstance. Several theories havo boon advanced to account for tho cir oumstaucos, but nil tho popular explanations liavo as yet bcon sot at nought. I11 oomioxion with this somo- what discouraging fact may bo montionod anothor, whioh, however, gives caiiso of congrat.ulntion to tho builders or tlio now ship. Whilo tho Admiralty havo boon compellod to build now and powerful stoamtugs in ordor to cnablo tho Warrior nnd other long iron clad ships to bo got into and out of l'ortsiuouth aud Dovouport Harbours, tho Rellerophon, aftor tho com pletion of lior trials 011 Friday wook, stcomod without tho aid of tugs, not merely into Shoernoss Harbour, but pursued lior way at n speed of 10-8-10 knots along I ho fourteen miles of tho River Medway's wind ing course, threading hor way among tho long suc cession of hulks which oncunibor that" narrow and tortuous stream, lievor stopping her engines for a moment until sho reached tho sheer hulk off Chatham Dockyard, to which sho was scoured for tho night. Bali, of the Fenian Sisterhood.— Tho first annual ball of tlio Fonian Sisterhood of tliiB city, in nid of tlio Fenian oause, was given Inst ovoning in tho Now York City Assembly Roouib. Tlio announcement of tho ovont was followed by a great salo of tickets, and no less than 800 had bocn disposed of. Owing to the damp and unpleasant nature of tho night, thoro was", however, but a moderate attendance present. Tho musio stand was adorned with tho Irish and Amoriouu bannors intertwined, and by tho colours of tho 00th nnd 170lh Rogimonts, bonciith which hung on olegant and lifo-liko portrait of Mr Jumcs Stophons. Shortly boforo 10 o'clook a lively air was struok up by Mnuahan's band, aud dancing ooimnoiicod, which con tinued until 12 o'clock, when tho participants Bat down to nn olegant suppor. After supper a dunco was givon in imitation of un ancient Fonian war dunco, Fivo couples, uttircd in the national dress of the old Hmo, took thoir plncos in tho centre of tho liall, aud brandish ing daggers in their hands, began to dance a livoly. Irish jig, around four porsons in tho oontro roprosoni- ing captives. Their movoinonts woro hoightoncd by gosburos oxprossivo of rago, and tho fato supposed to bo in store for tho unhappy captives in tlio contro Tho anoiont Fonian war danoo boars a singular rosoinblanao to tho war dances of our aborigines, nnd as a novoltv was received with iminonso applauso.— Hew York Herald. A New Handkerchief hns mado its appoaranco at Paris, onllod tho " Japanoso ;" it is vory pretty, being wliito, with two broad bands of different colours round tho odgo, and tho flag of Jupan ombroidorcd at its four cornors ; it is vory much in voguo at prcseut, and cortainly merits tho palm of originality. Ladies' Bonnets aro becoming smaller, and from pancakes thoy nro fast boing converted into wafers ; 111 fact, tho waistcoat pookot is now tho usual rocoptnolo of this artiolo of woaring appnrol. Of courso, colds in tlio head nro tho inevitable oonsoquonco of this ridiou- lous fashion, but the lndios sny their bonnets nro too largo and oppressive — and aftor that, of courao wo lcavo tho rest to married 111011, Australian Geography as understood in Eng land. — In a vory interesting work ontitlod " British Merchants," a short paragraph is devoted to tho riso and progros9 of tlio Australian Colonics, but, as is usually tho oaso when English writers desoribo tho colonies, tho author has fulhm into a geographical error. Ho Btatos " tho City of Mclbourno was founded in 1885 and l'ort Phillip in 1838." Rather Severe 1— Tho Now York papors say, " Horace Grooloy lias turned Fonian." The Hew York Herald adds : " Lot not the old oonntry bo too much discouraged. Grooloy would turn anything oxoopt his old trousors, whioh, botweon frionds, are a disgrace to literature." 