IPBWICH ELOCU2 ION CLASS. Thie members of this class gave their twenty-first entertainment in tihe hall of the School of Arts on Thursday evening. Tile attendance was very large, all the seate being quite full. Mr. Chubb obtained considerable applause by the delivery of the following prologue, written by himsealf: As I came down the Limestone Hill And paosed our beautiful Park, The niglst seemed balty 'nd still, And the mnoon peeped out in the dark ; I saw the worthy Trustees All sitting within the rail, And wondering why the trees They planted there should fail. I saw the ghost eta ssumap Looking o'er a freestone sink, With a hop, skip, and a jumnp, I hastened thlero for a drink. Thie handle I plied so free Elxpecting a copious run, flat a laugh from an old Trustee Showed how he relished tile fun. Said lie, " 'Twas our pIermanent Mayor Was gammoned to that 'ere expense ; For never no water was there Before, nor arter, nor since." I sauntered on down to thle street, Close by the Freemasone' Hall, At the corner I chanced to meet A friend at P. O.'s house of call. "Good evening," I said to my friend, "Companion just after my soul; Your arm, come cheerfully lend, We'll take an crvening's stroll." Said he, " I was just jotting down Before you came on me so pat, The change come over the town, Folks don't know what to be at. Look here, just uuder our nose, This road leading down to the Bromor A street is which nobody goes, Called by the grand name of Mortimer. The years that have passed are not four When our Council so flushl were of tin Of sovereigns a thousand or more, Dug a Iole and shovelled them in. Then lchurches and publics by dozens Sprung up at eachb corner and nook, The people sent hlome for their cousins, And every one had a bank-book. If you wanted a hundred or two To buy a neat humpy or land, You'd only to say, ' How d'ye do ?' And seratch withll a pen in your hand. But now the timnes are so bad The people are flitting away ; There's but little tin to be lad By those who seem willing to stay." Said I, "tfy dear faicnd, I'm afraid TYou're terribly down on youer luck, 'Tis but a stagnation in trade, So kep up your spirits and pluck. Though things may have taken a turn For the worse, and the money is tighlt, Have faith in the future and learn That time will put matters all right. Our rulers, no doubt they have erred, And pushed on a little too fast, But now that the worst has occurr'd We can surely take heed by the past; The railway has changed our aspect, ]Masde bullock drays things of the past, But the State is not ~~ally wrecked, She may weather the breakers at last. The people must tackle the land, Make it yield to the ploughl and the spade, With cotton supply the demand, And start a new commerce and trade." Said my friend, "I trust that your hopes In the end may prove certain and true, But tos-night let us put off the mopes, BSay, neighbour, what shall we do P Shall we go up to Hooper's and play A rubber of billiards or pool, Or take a walk round the houses, And lhome by thle Grammar School ?" Said I, " You need not do eitlher, A pleasanter nighlt you may spend At the School of Arts entertainment; A member can take in a frienad. So come witllh m?e and we'll enter; I know the time you won't miss it: You call take up your seat in the centre ; If you don't like the play you can hiss it." So now, hIere wre are, and I ask For my friends you see named in the bill That you will accord to their task A modicum of your good will: For thIe grave thlereo's a reading not prosy, For tihe gay there's "ducks amd green peas," There's a song or two very cosy, And music to set you at ease; Afresh piece is put on the stage, With scenery-dresees-all new, And Grimshlaw and Co., I'll engage, Will have a warm welcome from you. "Tlohe tragic history of Ka-foo-zle-um, or the Moaid of Jee-ru-san-lemom," nwas sung in character by Mr. F. D]avis, and received a well-merited encore. Nothing indeed could have been more admirable tlhn the manner in which this new member of the class ae quitted himoerlf in this and in all the other characters assigned to him. There is an artistie finish about all his performances whlich would entitle him to a high rank in any dramatic company. The comic seena "Dancing LMad" wnas very well done, but the thing itself is perfectly meaningless and stupid. Thle same may be said of the farce that followed, entitled "The Yorlkshire Bagman," in which, if the acting of Mr. Davis as the landlord be excepted, we failed to discover thIe smollcest featura calculated either to interest or tamuse. Tlhe reading from Ingoldsby was given so rapidly and in so low a tone that few persons present, cot acquainted with the poem, had an opportunity of nascortaining whalot it vsas about. We ombgine, howa over, that the salne reading, in a rooml, would hare afforded pleasure to the listeners. The piree de rdsisrtnce of the evening was thle last, "Gorimshaw, Bagshaw, and Bradslhaow," and of this we can speak in terms of tunqualified praise of every one of the perfornmcr. ~We do not remember ever having Cseen a pice bettler played by amatours. It nwa admiriably cast flamiltos was perfeetly at home in Ltheo lively ratthnll part of the chemlnist's assistant, ansd idenlified himseolf completely with the situation. The fast young medical studenl? was, in ourtpinion, the best lhing ever done by Chlubb, lho not only looked the character and msad it up well, but acted it withl capitall effcect. The little that "Blradshaw" bad to do -was also done well. Coampbell's "Towzer"' was worlthy of any professional "old man." It would be almost impossible for a performer to succeed more thoroiughly in sinkitg his own indi viduality and entering entlirely into tbho clharncter assumed. As for tlhe ladies, they bordered so closely on pterfeclion tilat if nwe were to say all we Ihoughlt we migltt be eonsidereld extravagant in otur praise. With out wishlitg to disparage in any way tlhe attractions possessed by tihe fair portion of thle audience, we may say that there was not in the hall a more charming and interesting-looking girl than "Eomily." Mr. Davis's demeanour and amoveomenalsao were perfectly feuminine and lldy-like, and, if the baritone could only lare been exchanmged for a treble, tlhe illusion would have been complete. "Faonny," tlhe milliner,fouud an adequate reprseotation in thile stage-manager. Gas karth's predilection for tle petticoat is well known, and he seoer seemns more at ease, or toves waitll sore aconscious gnrce (sic) than whenoo got up extensively in the millinery line. The part of Fanny was far better suited to him than tie Blagman, and he acted it well. ThIe entlrlanimenttco ms a whole was excellent; theire was plenty of ranioty, nothintg was tob long, and the performances closed at a reasonable hour. The audi ence were evidently pleased withl tihe bill of fare ; in deed they could not fail to be so. Mr. Younger pre sided at thle piano. Oning to tihe great success achivced on Tohursday, it Ilns been decided to give anothler lperformaoee o0 Tuesday crcening rext. when halo f tlhe proceds wnill be given to thle Ladice' Blenerolent Society. The pro granmme is a entpitdl one, a great itproolement being eIfectd byr the substitution of " Sarah'on Young Alon" for the " Yorkshire Bnalgnu ." Iftthe members oflthc class get Iwhat they desere, they will get a bumlper houoe. - Afterl the termination of the pIerformoane, the mem bers of the class and several filinds adiourned to the Clarondon HIotel, whereo no excellea't supper was served up by Host Hlooper in firlst-rate style, and done ample justice to by thle guestl, wlo one oad all exprressed thems.lives highly pleased with the spread. The president of the class. Mr. C. F. Chubb, occupied thie chlair, and Mr. Gaskarth the vice-clhair. After thie usual loyal tonls hlad been duly honoured, the toast of thie eeaing, ",hncess to the Ipawich Elo cntiso CaiEsI," was propo?ed Iy ther chairman, wloo, slter alluding to the success which bhad attended tihe dsBult of two new members and the continued popu larity ofthe old ones, said there was not a town in the colony which could compare with Ipswich in dramatic talent-he might say genius; and as long as thie class continued to put pieces on the stage in tile ellficient and praiseworlthy manner that haid clnmractcrised tile perforwances that evening, it would always be sup ported by tile public. lic remarked that the class was guided by fixed rules, which gore tlie committee power to cast characters, and every member was bound bytheir deeision, no matter in whlat position he might ho placed. Thie toust was drunk with three titces tlhnrec. Otlher toasts followed, and songs and jokes contsribumed considerably to thIe harmony and bila rity of thie evening. The company sepaacted in the small hours. 