ORIGINAL CORRESPONDENCE. MUSIC. To Hue. Editor of Ute Cornwall Chronicle. Deab Sie,— It is reported, in musical circles, ' The Launceston Philharmonic Society' ' is dead.' Whether the statement is true or not, I trust I shall be forgiven if I have been misinformed, as I am no enemy to the departed, and will ' nothing extenuate or aught set down in malice,' but simply r urnaf wnQ t.liA PQ11QA ftt it.H HpAth. and of so many of its predecessors t Has pride or envy any hand in it t Has the con ductor exhausted his programme and the capabilities of his choir 1 Did the Society die of inanition, the result of idleness, not caring to study new music 1 Have the public not patronised the concerts } Or can they distinguish between the ' ghost of a song' and a song sung with a voice 1 Or would they not rather see a society established, to which all the available talent in Launceston could belong, and in ntUiflk t-lin foot (s\\*t mamViafaliin oil nil 1H llO not vote by ballot, by which means useful members might be excluded by personal pique, but the capability of the candidates to read a psalm tune at sight, as the least that could be required of them t Such is the test in Melbourne and Exeter Hail, for we must always remember a Philhar monic Society is not a singing class. Then again, public taste ought to be con sulted if concerts are to be made to pay. Give a little instrumental music, a little organ music, and, however I may shock classical ears, a little of the American airs of the ' Belle Brandon' style, for there Is beautiful melody in some of them, a little asRicftl music, and in a humble wav imitate Julian in bis promenade concerts, and let the price be one shilling. Have two rows of forms round the room, a pro gramme printed in large type and hung up against the wall or any conspicuous place in the room, and all expenses cut down to the lowest, every performer giving his services, no free admissions, and no pickings for anybody, and I really think, notwithstanding bad times, a few concerts might be given that would pay. As for conductors, the great bone of con tention in all musical societies, where first-class musicians are not to be ob tained, I say do without them. A musi cian who cannot keep good time without a conductor, and an accompaniest who cannot lean and give to the solo per former, is not worth his salt. I could say more, but am afraid of taking up too much of your space, and trust we shall yet see a good musical society, instru mental and vocal, truly a Philharmonic Society, not a mere glee club. I remain, Sir, Tours, iic, MUSICUS. Cox's HilL 24th January, 1S67. 