DISTRICT NEWS. [FROM OUR VARIOUS CORRESPONDENTS.] NEWCASTLE. GRAND UNITED ORDER OF ODDFELLOWS.— A meeting of the above order was held at the Lodge Rooms, Ship Inn, on Monday night, a large number of members being present. The principal business transacted was in reference to the separation of the lodge from the Grand United Order in Sydney, an account of which had been published in one of the local journals. The lodge, it appears, was established in 1855, and remained a branch of the Sydney district till September last, when it ap- plied for and obtained permission to form itself into a district, which is denominated the Hunter River G.U.O. One reason for the separation is that the lodge is now enabled to frame the rules to suit their own district, which could not be performed whilst they were in con- nection with the Sydney division ; and, secondly, mem- bers can be admitted for a much more reasonable sum than could be possibly done in the metropolis. Some idea of the prosperity and the vast amount of good which this lodge has been the means of effecting on its mem- bers, may be estimated from the following receipts and expenditure for the past four years:— Receipts : 1862, £398 1s 2d; expenditure, £335 19s 2d. 1863 : Receipts, £480 15s 6d ; expenditure, £432 1s 7d. 1864 : Receipts, £445 19s 11d ; expenditure, £397 5s 8d. 1865 : Receipts, £571 9s 9d; expenditure, £542 5s 2d. 1866 : Receipts, £520 14s 3d ; expenditure, £461 5s 9d. And to Septembor, 1867 : Receipts, £537 11s 5d ; ex- penditure, £334 11s 1d. Total amount of receipts, £2954 12s ; total expenditure, £2503 8s 5d. Thus leaving an amount (with interest) of £781 to the credit of the lodge in the banks, besides a floating capital of £100, making a grand total of £881. The sum paid by the society on the death of a member is £20, on that of a member's wife £15, and £1 10s. for children — the sick allowance being £1 per week, with medical attendance and medicines. The large amount that has, within five years—£2503 8s 3d.—been spent in sickness and distress alone, is a sufficient proof of the benefits which such societies confer upon the community in gene- ral.—Communicated. CRICKET MATCH.—On Friday last a match between the Great Northern Railway and Borehole Clubs was played on the cricket ground, Lake Macquarie Road, with the following result, the game being decided by the first innings—the Great Northern Railway Club winning. THE CHARIOT OF FAME.—On Monday evening, shortly after ten o'clock, this magnificent clipper left the port on her voyage to Coconadah, India. For the purpose of towing the vessel safely out of the harbour, the two steam tugs Bungaree and Prince Alfred were employed, and took her some short distance to sea. She takes a cargo of 1500 tons of coal, probably the largest that has as yet been taken from Newcastle by one vessel. CITY IMPROVEMENTS.—Within the last week or so great progress has been made in the erection of the new pre- mises at the corner of Hunter and Newcomen streets, nearly the whole of the lower story being already com- pleted. On Monday the larger girders were being raised into their places, and will be securely fixed by substantial iron pillars, to ensure greater stability to the structure. As soon as the above work has been properly performed, the workmen will then be enabled to carry on their labour without interruption ; so that the brick and stone work of the building will be completed in about a month from the present time. DEMOLITION OF THE OLD SALT HOUSES.— Since Tues- day last workmen have been busily engaged in pulling down the large buildings at Stockton, known as the salt- houses. These buildings, which it is stated were erected some twenty years ago, were used respectively as foundries and salt houses, but during the past few years they have been allowed to go to ruin, owing to their not being used for any purpose. The larger one, which is constructed of wood, has nearly been taken down, the chimney and a portion of the sides alone standing. The site on which they were built is to be again used for a more particular purpose, but what, cannot yet be ascer- tained. Tuesday night. (From the Newcastle Chronicle, Oct. 23.) NOISE IN THE INDUSTRIAL SCHOOL.—Between eight and nine o'clock on Sunday evening last, loud screams were heard in the Industrial School, and some anxiety was manifested by the general public to know the cause of the screaming, which, for a few minutes, was exceed- ingly loud and violent. Most of the people who heard it fancied that the girls were either fighting amongst themselves, or else that they were getting punished at the instance of the matron. Neither suppositions were in the remotest degree correct. We have ascertained on undoubted authority, that the sole cause of the outcry was sheer devilment on the part of some seven or eight of the girls who were located together in one of the dormi- tories. Directly Mrs.King heard the screaming she hurried to where it proceeded from and enquired the cause. She was informed by the offenders that '' there was a man or a ghost under one of the beds," and that they had screamed because they were afraid. After giving the girls a severe rebuke for their unruly behaviour, and threatening them with much worse consequences if they did not remain quiet, Mrs. King left, and, we need scarcely add, the "ghost" gave the "young ladies" no further trouble. Considering the class of characters Mrs. King has got to deal with, it surprises us how she manages to keep them so orderly and well-behaved as she does. SPORTING.—A match was made last evening for £20 aside, between Mr. R. Fleming's ch. m. Ida, and Mr. D. Jones' g m. Devina, once round the Newcastle course, carrying catch weights ; the race to come off on the 22nd November, at three o'clock in the afternoon. 