A GHOST AT A TELEGRAPH STATION. I am not a believer in ghosts ; and though I 'confess I have my misgivings respecting the \- late lamented Marley's spirit as set forth by Mr. Diokens, I cannot say that I am entitled to \- rank among the " spiritualists" of the present ,day. However, notwithstanding my scepticism, the tale I am about to relate made a strong im- pression on me, as the incidents bore the stamp of truthfulness. I will endeavour to make my readers acquainted with the circumstances, and , leave them to draw their own conclusions, merely premising that I have no reason to doubt the veracity of the narrator, who recorded the facts as his own experience. Two summers ago, I had intended taking a short tour in Ireland. It was the olose of the week; all my arrangements were made for a start on the following Monday, and I had just despatched a letter to my friends to apprise them of the time I expected to arrive at the Irish capital, when a sudden piece of news com- pelled me to postpone my visit. Next morning, after breakfast, I determined (Sunday though it was) to set off to H-to inform my Irish friends by telegraph of my detention in London, and my inability to start next day, as arranged. PassiDg through the village I soon ontered the station, the silence of whioh was very strik- ing compared with its usual bustling, week-day appearance. No busy porters trundled heavily laden trucks, no screaming whistle or clanging bell gave notice of an approaching train, and the offices were all closed, At last I unearthed a greasy-looking porter from a lamp-shed, who, in reply to my inquiry respecting the transmission of a telegram, informed me that the clerk wasn't in attendance on Sundays, and if I wanted him I must fetch him from his house, which stood at the further end of the village, and beyond the little church, whose golden weathercock I could see glooming through the trees at some distance. By no means pleased at this addition to my walk, I obtained the requi- site information which enabled me to find the clerk's residence, and set off on my expedition. Ten minutes brought me to the churchyard, through which a number of the villagers wero rambling previous to the opening of the church doors; and passing on, I soon arrived at the house I was in quest of. In reply to my knock, a little girl opened the door, and in answer to my remark respecting the telegram, I was ush- ered into the presence of the individual of whom I waa in searoh. A few words explained my business, and wo were soon en route. My com- panion being of a communicative turn of mind, gave me glimpses of village gossip as we pro- ceeded slowly towards therailway station, whence, in a few minutes more, my message was flashed to the head office in London. " I suppose you did not expect to be dis- turbed on Sunday morning," said I, as I paid for the message and prepared for my departure. " No, I did not," replied the clerk, " for I never was wanted but once before on a Sunday, and that wasn't by man, woman, or child either." " No ! by whom, then ?" I asked, with a smile. " Well, sir, I know you'll laugh if I tell you what I think, but I always say it was a ghost that called me up that morning." " A ghost !" said I, " do you believe in ghosts ?" " Well, you see, I don't and I do, if you understand me. I think-there are times when spirits are permittod to come to us, and I fancy that my ghost was a true one." , " Did the ghost come to warn you then ?" I asked. " No, not exactly j it came to mo to send a telegram." This was moro than my gravity could endure, and I burst into a fit of laughter. "I knew you'd laugh," said the clerk, smiling himself; " but I assure you it's a fact." "Did the ghost send a message to its body, then ?" I managed to inquire as soon as I had in some degreo recovered breath. " No, sir, not that ; but it sent a message for a body," was the reply. " I should very much like to hear the circum- stances," said I " if you will tell me them ; though I do not believe in ghosts generally." " Well, sir, if you really wish to hear tho story, this is how it was ;" and seating himself upon the office stool, the clerk oommenced as follows-"It was one Saturday evening, just after I came here, that I was detained very late, having a lot of business to clear up, and so when I went to bed, I was asleep in a minute, and, contrary to my custom, began to dream. I thought, sir, that some one was thumping at the bed-room door, and, though I repeatedly called to the person to come in, the door remained shut At last, impatient of delay, I fanoied I jumped \ up and looked out, but no one was to be seen \ outside the door. I forget exactly what carno \ next, but it was something connected with the \telegraph here, and then I heard a woman's voice call out 'Lockhart/ twice. Then came aore hammering, and I awoke, but the knock ig still continued. Convinced that this was to noise I had heard in my dream, I hastly Vi on a few things and went to the door to intjire tho reason of the disturbance. Becog nisxg the voice of one of the railway porters, I opead the door, when tho man informed me that the t\egraph bell was ringing like mad, and that he wa afraid something was tho matter. " IWas pretty light by this time, so I dressed and haSened to the station, whither the porter had retened. As I entered the office I heard the bell \egin to ring, and as I approachod the instrument I could see the needles were in violent acion. "Signaling that T was in attendance, I awaited themessage, which was from N--, and to the eTect that a collision had occurred near that plice, whioh is, as I dare say you know, about eight miles off, and I was to send Assistance at once. I immediately despatched messages to tht station-master and the doctors here, gave ordeis that the porters should be called, and then taking upon myself to stop a down goods which now appeared in sight, I pressed the engine into my service. By the time the doctors had arrived, I had shunted the 'goods' and got a train of carriages and some trucks ready ou the down line, and had replied to N-that assistance was coming, and that the down trains had been stopped. "I had not been seated long at my desk after this when the door opened, and a very pretty, though extremely palo and fragile-looking girl, entered. She was dressed in a shepherd's plaid travelling custume, and seemed ill and weak. Silently she took from the window one of the telegram forms whioh lay there, as you seo them now, sir, and, after writing some- thing, handed the message to me. She then turned slowly round, and left the place without a word, or even raising her eyes from the ground. Astonished at her sudden appearance and departure, I ran to the window to seo whioh way she had gone, but I could perceive no trace of her in any direction. I had mechanically retained the paper she had placed in my hand, and it now occurred to me that the lady, whoever she might be, had forgotten to pay for the transmission of the message. I therefore ran out and questioned tho porter at the gate as to who my visitor was, thinking, as she was probably a resident, he had recognised her ; but to my astonishment he declared that no one had passed him, which she must have done to enter or leave the station. Convinced that he was mistaken, and had left his wicket open, I said as much, and some angry words ensued. Con- cluding, however that the message was in some way connected with the accident, I returned to telegraph it ; but fancy my astonishment when, upon glancing over the paper, I perceived the name of 'Lockhart,' the same I had heard repeated in my dream, that morning, and which had then been, I now recollcoted, somehow con- nected with the telegraph. "Determined to see the end of this ex- traordinary coincidence, I despatched the telegram, which was as follows : " ' From Amy Lockhart tj N. Lockhart, Esq. St. John's Wood. A collision has occurred at N-. Come at once.' " I was more astonished than before at the contents of the message. The fact of Miss Lockhart having traversed the distance (quite eight miles) between the scene of the collision and this place in so short a time appeared miraculous. I pondered upon this until the whistle of an approaching train aroused me from my reverie. Upon going out upon the platform I found that the train had returned from N with some of the sufferers by the collision. I assisted to convey those hurt to the carriages waiting to receive them, and never shall I forget the sight that presented itself that day ; but I will not horrify you by detailing the appearance i of the shattered and helpless forms of the unfor- tunate passengers, who were carefully bestowed in the several conveyances, and driven slowly to the hotels, were preparations had already been made for their reception. " All were out of the carriages, as I fancied, when I was called to the rear of the train by the station-master, and upon looking into the ' break' van to inquire tho reason of the sum- mons, I recoiled with horror, for lying upon the floor of tlie carriage were three persons (two women and a man) quite dead. One of the women must have expired instantly, «4 it was evident the back was broken, but upon the faces of the others no traces of pain were visible. " As I leant forward to offer anj assistance in my power, my eyes fell upon the features of the younger of the two females, and I drew back in horrified amazement, for in the still and resigned 'face before me I immediately recognised the lineaments of the young lady who had come to my office a short time previous to the arrival' of the train. "When I saw the young lady's body, I was, as you may imagine, shocked beyond expression, and quite unable to assist in removing it with the others, from the van. Mr. V-(the station-master), doubtless imagining that the sight had unmanned me, desired me to return to tho office and not attend to anything further. "The three bodies were subsequently con- veyed to the Railway Hotel to await the inquest, and in the meantime I made the station-master acquainted with the circumstances relating to the sudden appearance of the young lady. He was at first inclined to treat the affair as a delusion, but when I showed him the paper he was fairly puzzled, and said we had better wait and see if Mr. Lockhart came down.in reply to the telegram. " A train from London arrived here early in the afternoon, and sure enough, sir, ono of the first to alight and to make inquiries respecting the accident was a gentleman who said his name was Lockhart, and that he had been summoned from London by a telegram he had received at his residence that morning. He inquired who had sent the telegram, and was referred to me. He then made inquiries for his daughter, who he was afraid might havo sustained some Blight injury, and expressed a wish to see her imme- diately. I then, apologising for the question, asked him in return what his daughter's appear- ance was. He told me, palo, tall, and probably dressed in half-mourning. I was afraid to tell him that I feared the worst (for remember, sir, I had no proof that the young lady I had seen in tbe van was Miss Lockhart ; it was only the coincidence of the telegram that made me fancy it was she.) I, therefore, referred him to the hotel, where a number of people who had come down were already clamouring to gain some in- formation respecting friends and neighbours. I was more sorry for Mr. Lockhart, lean tell you, sir, he seemed to take on so, and when he heard for certain that his daughter was dead, they told me he fell down in a fit. " She was his only child, and had never left him since her mother's death, till a month be- fore, and sho was returning from a visit at the house of an old friend when she was so suddenly cut off. " Mr. Lockhart was ill for some weeks, and never saw his poor daughter after the day of the accident. " She was buried in the little churoh yard over there long before he recovered from his illness. " The other sufferers had all been removed by their friends, but it was sad to think that poor Miss Lockhart was borne to the grave, while her only relative near was lying at death's door, and she was carried to her 'last long rest' by strangers. " Mr. Lockhart recovered after many weeks, and he frequently comes here now, sir, to see his daughter's grave in the little churchyard. ' " He questioned me about the telegram, and I told him all as it had occurred. He has been very kind to me, and says he is convinced that it was the spirit of his daughter that came to inform him of the accident ; and, indeed, sir, I oan give no other explanation of the sudden ap- pearance of the young lady that morning. I've got the telegram at home now, and you can see it any day you wish, sir. That's all about my ghost; and don't yon consider I am justified in thinking that spirits are permitted to visit the earth at times ?" " I confess," said I, " that your story has impressed mo very strongly, and am much obliged to you for your narrative " " Well," replied the_ clerk, rising from the i stool on which he had hitherto been seated, " all I can say is I have told you a true story, and I can show you the young lady's grave in the churchyard, and the telegraph paper, whijh I have still retained." Curious to see the ghostly record, I consented to accompany him, and having made all secure, the clerk led the way from the station, and by crossing a field we soon reached the churchyard. Hero my conductor struck into a retired path, and passing behind the church, from whose open windows poured tho full tide of praise from the congregation assembled within the ancient walls, we paused in front of a small grave, upon the headstone of which I read the name of Amy Lockhart, and the date and manner of her early death. "Now, sir," said tho clerk, " if you please to accompany me home, I will let you see the telegram." When we reached the house my companion opened the door with a latch-key, entered a small sitting room on the ground floor, and opening a little cabinet which stood at the further corner of the room, took thence a paper, which he handed to me. I turned to the window, for the characters were small and deli- cate, and read the contents of the telegram, which were word for word as my companion bad stated them to be. Many times since have I puzzled over the story I have just related, but I have never yet been able to arrive at any satisfactory solution of the mystery contained in the telegraph clerk's narrativo told at H-upon that Sunday morn- ing.-H. F. in Starlight Readings. 