literate, JScitfttt, aito %d. EVELINE'S VISITANT. A GHOST STOEY It was at a masked ball at the Palais Royal that my fatal quarrel with my first cousin Andre* de Brissac began. The quarrel was about a woman. The women who followed the footsteps of Philip of Orleans were the causes of many such disputes ; and there was scarcely one fair head in all that glittering throng which, to a man versed in social histories and mysteries, might not have seemed be dabbled with blood. I shall not record the name of her for love of whom Andre' de Brissac and I crossed one of the bridges, in the dim August dawn, on our way to the waste ground beyond. the church of Saint Ger main des Pres. There were many beautiful vipers in those days, and she was one of them. 1 can feel the chill breath of that August morning blowing in my face as I sit in my di«'ia1 chamber at my chateau of Puy Verdun to-night, alone in the stillness, writing the strange story of my life. I can see the white mist rising from the river, the grim outline of the Chiltelet, and the square towers of Notre Dame black against the pale gray sky. Even more vividly can I recall Andre's fair young face as he stood opposite to me with his two friends — scoundrels both, and alike eager for that unnatural fray. We were a strange group to be seen in a summer sunrise, all of us fresh from the heat and clamor of the Regent's saloons — Andre', in a quaint hunting-dress copied from a family portrait at Puy Verdun, I costumed as one of Law's Mississippi Indians ; the other men in like garish frippery, adorned with broideries and jewels that looked wan in the pale light of dawn. Our quarrel had been a fierce one — a quarrel which could have but one result, and that the direst. I had struck him ; and the welt raised by my open hand -was crimson upon his fair womanish face as he stood opposite to me. The eastern sun shone on the face presently, and dyed the cruel mark with a deeper red ; but the sting of my own wrongs was fresh, and I hod not yet learned to despise myself for that brutal outrage. To Andre' de Brissac such an insult was most terrible. He was the favorite of Fortune, the favorite .of women ; and I was nothing — a rough soldier who had done my country good service, but in the boudoir of Parabere a mannerless boor. We fought, and I wounded him mor tally. Life had been very sweet for him ; and I think that a frenzy of despair took possession of him when he felt the life blood ebbing away. He beckoned me to him as he lay on the ground. 1 went and knelt at his side. ' Forgive me, Andre' !' I murmured. He took no more heed of my words than if that piteous entreaty had been the idle ripple of the river near at hand. 'Listen to me, Hector de Brissac,' he said. ' I am not one who believes that a man has done with earth because his eyes glaze and his jaw stiffens. They will bury me in the old vault at Puy Verdun ; and you will be master of the chateau. Ah, I know how lightly they take tilings in these days, and how Dubois will laugh when he hears that Ca has been killed in a duel. They will bury me, and sing masses for my soul ; but you and I have not finished our affair 3-et, my cousin. I will be with you when you least look to see me — I, with this ugly scar upon the f;ice that women have praised and loved. I will come to you when your life seems brightest. I will come between you and all that you hold fairest and dearest. My ghostly hand shall drop a poison in your cup of joy. My shadowy form shall shut the sunlight from your life. Men with such iron will as mine can do what they please, Hector de Brissac. It is my will to haunt you when I am dead. ' All this, in short, broken sentences, he whispered into my ear. I had need to bend my ear close to his dying lips ; but the iron will of Andre* de Brissac was strong enough to do battle with Death, and I believe he said all he wished to say before his head fell back upon the velvet I cloak they had spread beneath liiin, never t ) be lifted again. As Via lav t.liprfi vnn wnnlii h.t.vfi f:m-?iiv1 him a fragile stripling, too fair and frail for the struggle called life ; but there are those who remember the brief manhood of Andre* de Brissac, and who can bear witness to the tei-rible force of that proud nature. I stood looking down at the young face with that foul mark upon it, and God knows I was sorry for what I had done. Of those blasphemous tlireats which lie had whispered in my ear I took no heed. I was a soldier, and a believer. There was nothing absolutely dreadful to me in the thought that I had killed this man. I had killed many men on the battle field, and tliis one had done me cruel wrong. My friends would have had me cross the frontier to escape the consequences of my act ; but I was ready to face those consequences, and I remained 111 f ranee. I kept aloof from the court, and received a hint that I had best confine myself to jay own province. Many masses were chanted in the little chapel of Puy Verdun for the soul of my dead cousin, and his coffin filled a niche in the vault of our ancestors. His death had made me a rich man ; and the thought that it was so made my newly-acquired wealth very hateful to me. I lived a lonely existence in the old chateau, where I rarely held converse with any but the servants of the house hold, all of whom had served my cousin, and none of whom liked me. It was a hard and bitter life. It galled me, when I rode tlirough the village, to see the peasant-children shrink away from . me. 1 have seen old women cross them L selves stealthily as I passed them by. 7 Strange reports had gone forth about me ; and there were those who whispered that I had given mv soul to the Eril One as the price of my cousin's heritage. From my boyhood I had been dark of visage and stern of manner ; and hence, perhaps, no woman's love had over been mine. I remember my mother's face in all its changes of expression ; but I cau re member no look of affection that ever shone on me. That other woman, beneath whose feet I laid my heart, was pleased to accept my homage, but she never loved me, and the end was treachery. I had grown hateful to myself, and had well-nigh begun to hate my fellow creatures, when a feverish desire seized upon me, and I pined to be back in the press and throng of the btisr world once again. I went back to Paris, where I kept myself aloof from the court, and where an angel took compassion upon I me. She was the daughter of an old com rade, a man whose merits had been ne glected, whose achievements had been ignored, and who sulked in his shabby lodging like a rat in a hole, while all Paris went mad with the Scotch Finan cier, and gentlemen and lacqueys were trampling one another to death in the Rue Quincampoix. The only child of this little cross-grained old 'captain of dragoons was an incarnate sunbeam, whose mortal name was Eveline Duchalet. _ She loved me. The richest blessings of *our lives are often those which cost us least. I wasted the best years of my youth in the worship of a wicked woman, who jilted and cheated me at last. 1 gave tliis meek angel but a few courteous words — a little fraternal tenderness — and lo, she loved me. The life which had been so dark and desolate grew bright beneath her influence ; and 1 went back to Puy Verdun with a fair young bride for my companion. All, how sweet a change there was in my life and in my home ! The village children no longer shrank appalled as the dark horseman rode by, the village crones ' bo longer crossed themselves ; for a wo man rode by his side — a woman' whose charities had won the love of all those ignorant creatures, and whose compaion ship had transformed the gloomy lord of the chateau into a loving husband and a gentle master. The old retainers forgot the untimely fate of my cousin, and served me with cordial willingness, for love of their young mistress. There are no words which can tell the pure and perfect happiness of that time. 1 felt like a traveller who had traversed the frozen seas of an arctic region, remote from human love or human companion ship, to find himself on a sudden in the bosom of a verdant valley, in the sweet atmosphere of home. The change seemed too bright to be real ; and I strove in vain to put away from my mind the vague sus picion that my new life was but some fan tastic dream. So brief were those halcyon hours, that, looking back on them now, it is scarcely strange if I am still half inclined to fancy the first days of my married life could have been no more than a dream. Neither in my days of gloom nor in my days of happiness had I been troubled by the recollection of Andrews blasphemous oath. The words which with his last breath he had whispered in my ear were vain and meaningless to me. He had vented his rage in those idle threats, as he might have vented it in idle execra tions. That he will haunt the footsteps of his enemy after death is the one revenge which a dying man can promise himself , and if men had power thus to avenge themselves, the earth would be peopled with phantoms. I had lived for three years at Puy Verdun ; sitting alone in the solemn mid night by the hearth where he had sat, pacing the corridors that had echoed liis footfall, and in all that time my fancy had never so played me false as to shape the shadow of the dead. Is it strange, then, if I had forgotten Andre's horrible promise 1 There was no portrait of my cousin at Puy Verdun. It was the age of boudoir art, and a miniature set in the lid of a gold bonbonniere, or hidden artfully in a massive bracelet, was more fashionable than a clumsy life-size image, fit only to hang on the gloomy walls of a provincial chateau rarely visited by its owner. My cousin's fair face had adorned more than one bonbonniere, and had been concealed in more than one bracelet ; but it was not among the faces that looked down from the panelled walls of Puy Verdun. In the library I found a picture which awoke painful associations. It was the portrait of De Brissac, who had flourished in the time of Francis the First ; and it was from this picture that my cousin Andre* had copied the quaint hunting dress he wore at the Regent's ball. The library was a room in which I spent a good deal of my life ; and I ordered a curtain to be hung before this picture. We had been married three months, when Eveline one day asked, ' Who is the lord of the chateau near est to this ? ' I looked at her with astonishment. 'My dearest,' I answered, 'do you not know that there is no ither chateau within forty miles of Puy Verdun I ' 'Indeed!' she said; '-that is strange.' I asked her why the fact seemed strange to her : and after much entreaty I obtained from her the reason of her surprise. In her walks about the park and woods during the last month, she liad met a man who, by his dress and bearing, was obviously -if noble rank. She had imagined that he occupied some chateau near at hand, and that his estate adjoined ours. I was at a loss to imagine who this stranger could be : for my estate of Puy Verdun lay in the heart of a desolate region, and unless when some traveller's coach went lumbering and jhiglingthrough the village, one had little more chance of encountering a gentleman than of meet ing a demigod. ' Have you seen tiiis man often, Eve line I ' I asked. She answered, in a tone which had a toucli of sadness, ' I see him every day.' ' ' Where, dearest ?' ': Sometimes in the park, sometimes in the wood. You know the little cascade. Hector, where there is some old neglected rock- work that forms a kind of cavern. I have taken a fancy to that spot, and have spent manv mornings there reading. Of late I have seen the stranger there every morning.' ' He lias never dared to address you V ' Never. I have looked up from my book, and have seen him standing at a little distance, watching me silently. I have continued re;uling ; and when I h:»ve raised my eyes again I have found him gone. He must approach .and depart with a stealthy tread, for I never hear his footfall. Sometimes I have almost wished that lie would speak to me. It is so terrible to see him standing silently there.' 'He is some insolent jicasant who seeks to frighten you.' My wife shook her head. ' He is no peasant,'' she answered. ' It is not by his dress alone I judge, for that is strange to me. He has an air of nobility which it is impossible to mis take.' ' Is he young or old I ' ' Ho is young and handsome.' 1 was much disturbed bv the idea of this stranger's intrusion 011 my wife's solitude ; and I went straight to the vil lage to enquire if any stranger had been seen there. I could hear of 110 one. I questioned the servants closely, but with out result. Then I determined to accom pany my wife in her walks, and to judge for myself of the rank of the stranger. For a week I devoted all my mornings to rustic rambles with Eveline in the park and woods ; and in all that week wo saw no one but an occasional peasant in saints, or one of our own household returning from a neighboring farm. I was a man of studious habits, and those summer rambles disturbed the even current of my life. My wife perceived tliis, and entreated me to trouble myself no further. ' I will spend my mornings in the pi eas.au nee, Hector,' she said ; ' the stranger cannot intrude upon me there.' ' I begin to think the stranger is only a phantom of your own romantic brain,' I replied, smiling at the earnest face lifted to mine. ' A chatelaine who is always reading romances may well meet liand some cavaliers in the woodlands. I dare say I have Mdlle. Scwderi to thank for this noble stranger, and that he is only the great Cyrus in modern costume.' 'Ah, that is the point which mystifies me. Hector,' she said. ' The stranger's costume is not modern. He looks as an from its frame.' Her words pained me, for they reminded me of that hidden picture in the library, and the quaint hunting costume of orange and purple which Andre' de Brissac wore at the Regent's ball. After this my wife confiued her walks to the pleasaunce ; and for many weeks I heard no more of the nameless stranger. I dismissed all thought of him from my mind, for a graver and heavier care had come upon me. My wife's health began to droop. The change in her was so gradual as to be almost imperceptible to those who watched her day by day. It was only when she put on a rich gala dress which she had not worn for months that I saw how wasted the form must be ?n which the embroidered bodice hung so loosely, and how wan and dim were the eyes wlu'ch had once been brilliant as the jewels she wore in her liair. I sent a messenger to Paris to summon one of the Court physicians ; but I knew that many days must needs j elapse before he could arrive at Puy Verdun. In the interval I watched my wife with unutterable fear. It was not her health only that had de clined. The cluange was more painful to behold than any physical alteration. The bright and sunny spirit had vanished, and in the place of my joyous young bride I beheld a woman weighed down by rooted melancholy. In vain I sought to fathon the cause of my darling's sadness. She assured me that she had no reason for sorrow or discontent, and that if she seemed sad without a motive I must for give her sadness, and consider it as a misfortune rather than a fault. I told her that the Court pl^-sician would speedily find some cure for her despondency, which must needs arise from physical causes, since she had no real ground for sorrow. But although she said nothing, I could see she had no hope or belief in the healing powers of medi cine. One day, when I wished to beguile her from that pensive silence in which she was wont to sit an hour at a time, I told her, laughing, that she appeared to have forgotten her mysterious cavalier of the wood, and it seemed also as if he had for gotten her. To my wonderment, her pale face became of a sudden crimson ; and from crimson changed to pale again in a breath. ' You have never seen him since you deserted your woodland grotto ?' I said. She turned to me with a heard-rending look. ' Hector,' she cried, ' I see him every day, and it is that which is killing me. ' She burst into a passion of tears when she had said this. I took her in my arms as if she had been a frightened child, and tried to comfort her. ' My darling, this is madness,' I said. ' You know that no stranger can come to you in the pleasaunce. The moat is ten fett wide and always full of water, and the gates are kept locked day and night by old Masseu. The chatelaine of a mediaeval fortress need fear no intruder in her antique garden. ' My wife shook her head sadly. ' I see him every day,' she said. On this I believed that my wife was mad. I shrank from questioning her more closely concerning her mysterious visitant. It would be ill, I thought, to give a form and substance to the shadow that tor mented her by too close enquiry about its look and manner, its coming and going. I took care to assure myself that no stranger to the household could by any possibility penetrate to the pleasaunce. Having done this, I was fain to await the coming of the physician. He came at last. I revealed to him the conviction which was my misery. I told him that I believed my wife to be mad. He saw her — spent an hour alone with her, and then came to me. To my un speakable relief he assured me of her sanity. ' It is just possible that she may be affected by ono delusion,' he said ; ' but she Ls so reasonable upon all other points, that I can scarcely bzing mj*self to believe her the subject of a monomania. I am rather inclined to think that she really sees the person of whom she speaks. She described him to me with a perfect mi nuteness. The descriptions of scenes or individuals given by patients afflicted with monomania are always more or less dis jointed ; but your wife spoke to me as clearly and calmly as I am now speaking to you. Are you sure there is no one who can approach her in that garden where she walks ?' ' I am quite sure.' ' Is there any kinsman of your steward, or hanger-on of your household— a young man with a fair womanish face, very pale, and rendered remarkable by a crimson scar, which looks like the mark of a blow ?' ' My God !' I cried, as the light broke in upon me all at once. ' And the dress — the strange old-fashioned dress ?' 'The man wears a hunting costume of purple and orange,' answered the doctor. I knew then that Andre' de Brissac had kept his word, and that in the hour when my life was brightest his shadow had come between me and happiness. I showed my wife the picture in the library, for I would fain assure myself that there was some error in my fancy about my cousin. She shook like a leaf when she beheld it, and clung to me con vulsively. ' This is witchcraft, Hector,' she said. ' The dress in that picture is the dress of the man I see in the pleasaunce ; but the face is not his.' Then she described to me the face of the stranger ; and it was my cousin's face line for line — Andre' Je Brissac, whom she had never seen in the flesh. Most vividly of all did she describe the cruel mark upon his face, the trace of a fierce blow from an open hand. After this f carried my wife away from Puy Verdun. We wandered far— through the southern provinces, and into the very heart of Switzerland. I thought to dis tance the ghastly phantom, and I fondly hoped that change of scene would bring peace to my wife. It was not so. CIo where we would, the ghost of Andre* de Brissac followed us. To mv eyes that fatal shadow never re vealed itself. That would have been too poor a vengeance. It was my wife's inno cent heart which Andre made the instru ment -«f liis revenge. The unholy pre ciiniM fli»-trnvr-il lit»r lift*. l\Tv oonstjLllt. companionship could not shield her from the horrible intruder. In vain did I watch her ; in vain did I strive to com fort her. ' He will not let me be at peace,' she said ; 'he comes between us, Hector. He is standing between us now. I can see his face with the red mark upon it plainer than I see yours.' One fair moonlight night, when we were together in a mountain village in the Tyrol, my wife cast herself at my feet, and told me she was the worst and vilest of women. ' I have confessed all to mv director,' she said ; ' from the first I have not hid den my sin from Heaven. But I feel that death is near me, and before 1 die I would fain reveal mv sin to you.' ' What sin, my sweet one V ' When first the stranger came to me in the forest his presence bewildered and distressed me, and I shrank from him :is trom something strange ana ternine. ne came again and again. By and by I found myself thinking of him, and watching for his coming. His image haunted me per petually* ; I strove in vain to shut his f;iee out of my mind. Then followed an in terval in which I did not see him, and, to mv shame and anguish, I found that life seemed drearv -ind desolate without him. After that came the time in which lie haunted the pleasaunce ; and — 0 Hector, kill me if you will, for I deserve no mercy at your hands ! — I grew in those days to count the hours that 11111st elapse before his coming, to take no pleasure save in the sight of that pale face with the red brand upon it. He plucked all old familiar joys out of my heart, and left in it but one weird unholy pleasure — the delight of his presence. For a j-ear I have lived but to see him. And now curse me, Hector ; for this is my sin. Whether it comes of the b;iseness of my own heart, or is the work of witchcraft, I know not ; but I know that 1 have striven against this wickedness in vain.' I took my wife to my lireast, and for gave her. In sooth, what had I to for give I Was the fatality that overshadowed us any work of hers ? On the next night she died, with her hand in mine ; and at the very last she told me, sobbing and affrighted, that }w was by her side. — Bctyracia. A Voyaoe IK a Little Boat. -Few are aware that a boat only sixteen and a half feet Ion;;, nine feet wide, iiud five and a half feet ileej-, came to Europe from Diu, in the western peninsula of India. .lames Botello, in a boat of the above dimensions, reached Lisbon, in the reign of King Juhn, with four companions, none of whom were seamen. He was obliged to put to death several men, because they mutinied. The boat was immediately seized and. burned, by order of the King of 1'ortugal, lest it should be known that such a small boat could perform so long a voyage in safety. — Weekly Dixpatcli. The London correspondent of the Itidcpm danee Bcljc says that when the Lord Mayor's Chaplain at the Guildhall dinner, asked the Divine blessing our Belgian guests mistook it for a speech ; hence the cries ' Vive l'Angle terre' and ' Vive la. Heine.' 