TELEGRAPHIC. (niOM OTO TBISOBAraiO COBBBSPOHDENTS.) 1- ' ' . KOOKHAMPTON. March 10. JOHN Grow, Peter Dolan, Edward M'Evoy, and Patrick Moloney wore tried to-day, at the Distriot Court, for stabbing Paul Madden at Crocodilo Creek. M'Evoy and Molonoy woro acquitted. Dolan was found guilty of a com- mon assault, and having already spout thioo months in gaol, was sontenced to two days' im- prisonment. Gunn was found guilty of unlaw- fully wounding, and was sentenced to threo yoars' imprisonment; and Wm. Allen, found guilty of theft, was sentenced to nine months' imprisonment. Tho criminal businoss has not yet conoludod. SYDNEY. March 19. Tho B.M.S.S. Avoca arrived hero from Mol bourno at <t o'clock this morning, and two hours lator tho Queensland poldon of the mails woro despatched for Brisbane, per the Yarra Yarra, 8. By the mail wo have tho latest quotations for Colonial Government securities. Queensland aro lixod at 91 to 93 ; New South Wales, 90 to 93 ; and Victoria, 107 to 108. The latest shipping news announces the depar- ture of the Boyal Daño, from London, for Moroton Bay. Thoro have been heavy rains since last night. Tho Barrier Bongo Diggings aro pronounced a hoax. The Saxonia has arrived from Bockbampton. MELBOURNE. March 19. A Ministerial banquot took place last night. The Governor was present. Tho markets are roported brisk. ADELAIDE. , Maroh 19. Tlio Imperial authorities have not yet pro nouncod a deoision in Mr. Justico Boothhy's ease. WE were glad to observe yesterday prepara- tions making for the erection of an ornamental fountain in the Botanic Gardens. This will be an immense acquisition to this beautiful place of popular resort. THE committee appointed to carry out the arrangements for the match with the aboriginal cricketers had their first meeting last night at Lenneberg's Hotel. Mr. Wilkie presided. Mr. Joseph Fowles was appointed secretary, and was instructed to apply to Mr. Hill for the use of the ground at the Botanic Gardens for the match. The Selection Committee met after- wards, and the following gentlemen were chosen as two elevens to practise for the match with the aborigines. From them will be selected in the course of a few days, the team for that event:- J. French (captain), Murray, P. M'Grath, H.P. Airey, Dixon, J. Beal J. H. Macnish, H. Wills, Maynard, T. A. Board, F. T. Burke, and T. A. Costin. W. G. Macnish (captain), J. Fowles, C. Stewart, W. J. Sheehan, J. W. Wilkie, J. A. Ryder, G. Lansley. G. Cowlishaw, J. Egan, Lord, W. H. Ryder, and R. H. Mills. The first practice match takes place at 4 o'clock this afternoon, on the ground adjoining the Botanic Gardens. THE Irish play, "Kory O'Moro," was re- peated at the Victoria Theatro last ovoning with considerable SUCCOSB. The intorludo in o luded a jig by Mr. Massey and a song by Mr. Poole. The comody of "Delicate Ground " oon eluded the performances. To-night tho samo programmo will bo repeated. LAST evening tho drama of "Eugono Aram" was repeated at the Alexandra Thoatre, and during the play Professor Pepper's ghost illu- sion was producod with success. A musical melanga followed ; and a new local farco, called ' A Fearful Tragody in Fortitude Valley," con- cluded the entertainment. Tho same pro- grammo is on tho hills for to-night. THE Brisbane Amateur Dramatic Club an nounoe a performance uudor vico-regal patronage, on Friday, 5th April, at tho Victoria Concert Hall. Tho performance will commence with Sheridan Knowle's fine tragedy, "Vir ginius," and will conclude with a highly amusing burlesq\ie by ono of the club. Wo anticipate a great success for the ontertainment. Since the last report was published of the number of persons confined in the Lunatic Asylum, one woman has been discharged and another admitted, leaving the numbers at pre- sent-males, 95, females, 36. CHAULES D. YOUNOEB and John B. M'Wil liain, of Rockhampton, atorokooporB, havo as- signed thoir cstato in trust for their creditors to Thomas Skarrett Hall, Manager of the Austra- lian Joint Stock Bank at Bookhanipton, Bobert Millor Hunter, of Rockhampton, morohant, and Bobort Gardner, of Bookharnptou, ironmonger. THE Queensland Times, of yostorday, states that the St. Patrick's Banquet was vary suc- cessful, thero being about .eighty persons prcsout. 