Our Portfolio. NEVER LOOK WITH ENVY. FANNY CROSBY. I AM happy, said the Lily, In my quiet, shady nook, For I listen to the music Of the robin and the brook; Then are few, perhaps who love ma In this lone, secluded spot. Yet I'm happy, said the lily, And the Kose I envy not. I can see her leaves unfolding. And her smiles from yonder bower While her blushes and her beauty An the pride of every flower: Yet contented here I blossom. Though I share an humble lot, I am happy, said the Lily, And the Rose I envy not. We must never look with envy On the wealthy or the gay. Is the lescon which my story Would to every heart convey; There is virtue in oontentment. Though we share an humble lot. Well be happy, like the Lily, And the Rose we'll envy not. . Th* test of an enjoyment, is the remembnuiee which it leares behind. Air able man shows his spirit by gentle words and resolute aotions; he ia neither hot nor timid. Bury your troubles, bat don't linger around the grave-yard conjuring up their ghosts to hannt yon. Kindness catta a true shadow: wherever it morei, you will tee its form thrown back from the object it has oorered. It ia often extremely difficult in the mixed things of (his world, to act truly and kindly too; but therein lies one of the great trials of a man, that his sinoerity- should hare lrinrinoss in it, and his kindnesa truth. Books akd Ships Covpaskd.—lf the in* rention of the ship was thought co aobss, which oarries riches and commodities from place to place, and associates the moat remote regions in participation of their fruits, how muoh more are letters to be magnified, which aa ships, pass through the rait aeas of time, and make agea so distant participate of the wisdom, illumina tion, and inventions, the one of the other. Thk happiness of our lives depends much on the active performance of the duties of our station i nor have we any light to infer that, if they are not properly discharged, they would be better if we mored in a more exalted sphere. Usefulness is confined to no station, and it is astonishing how muoh good may be done, and what may be effected by limited means, united with benevolence of heart and activity of mind. Tbihquiijtt.—l look upon tranquility of mind and patience to contribute as much as any thing whatever to the curing of diseases. On this principle I account for the circumstance of animals not laboring under illness so long as human beings. Brutes do not think so much as we, nor rex themselTcs about futurity; but endure their maladies without reflecting on them, and recover from them by the sole means of temperance and repose. MncoßAßnx*.—About half a century ago, there resided in the Tillage of Galston, Ayr shire, Scotland, a worthy named William Smith, whose occupation was that of a wearer. " Will" was a queer specimen of the " genut homo" being thin almost to transparency, and execs sirely fond "o' a wee drap o* the cratur " that he would willingly entail upon his pedal ex temities a tramp of two or three miles, if he could but perccire the slightest prospect of getting a glass for his pedestrian exercise. Previous to his demise, he wrote the following piece of monumental poetry, which was trans cribed on his tombstone :— Beneath thta sUne, here lie the banes O" drunken " Will " the sinner, Ye worms lament, the flesh is scant, Yell scarcely get your dinner. B. A FuaummHT.—An exchange relates the following singular instance of presentiment: —Becently, a lady of Troy, sitting in her room, was instantaneously oppressed with the convic tion that her tittle son had fallen from the window in his sleeping apartment to the ground below. She repelled the thought as an im possibility. In a few minutes more it rushed upon her mind with such force that she could not resist it. She hurried up to the bedside of her son, and there to her intense horror, she discovered the lad sleeping upon the window sill, the window open, his head projecting out side—be was on the rery point of falling to the parement below. Who can explain the pheno mena, which is unquestionably true ? Th* ArrKCiiONS—There is a famous passage in the writings of Rousseau the great delineator of the human heart, which is as true to. human nature as it is beautiful in expres sion:—"Were I in a desert I would find out wherewith in it to call forth my affections. If I could do no better, I would fasten them on some sweet myrtle, or some melancholy cypress, to>connect myself to; I would court them for their shade, and greet them kindly for their protection. I would write my name upon them and declare that they were the sweetest trees throughout all the desert. If their leares withered, I would teach myself to mourn, and when they rejoiced I would rejoice along with them." Such is the absolute necessity which exists in the human heart of haring something to lore. Unless the affections hare an object, life itself becomes joyless and insipid. The affections hare this peculiarity, that they are not so much the means of happiness, as their exercise is happiness itself. And not only so, if they hare no object, the happiness derived from our other powers is out off. Ocb Pbospkcxb.—We foresee the day when everything will be done by electricity. Clerks of the Houses of Lards and Commons will be telegraph clerks. Debates will be wired, and each telegraph desk will be a kind of alphabeti cal piano on which the speeches will be played, and by this means the charms of oratory will be intensified, and an instructire amusement will be provided for the Strangers' Gallery. The telegraph clerks will hare to attend in plaoe of the members, and erery member will hare his own private telegraph piano, except in cases of coalition. The Sovereign of a hundred yean hence will nerer open the House in person, but send his boots. The journals will contain all the news of the following day, and cheap eren ing papers will struggle to get two days ahead of them. Naval and military success will depend entirely upon respective electrical re sources; and v nations ever should come to blows, the blows will be given in the air, for by that time we shall hare balloons fitted with iron turrets and huge guns on swivels. 