THE LIGHT FARMERS' CLUB. The following paper, read by Mr. Kruger before the Light Farmers' Club, in reply to Mr. Alexander, of the Smithfield Club, has been sent to us for publication ** Mr. Chairman and Gentlemen—ln a. paper read by Mr. Alexander to the Smitkfield Fanners' Club, thatgentleman'endeavois to show, along with a lot of other useless done and un done matter, that a Mr. Hay has overdone his stew in introducing a new Land Bill based on deferred payments and free selection. Gentle men, I consider the Light Farmers' Olnb, who have spent their time and money these last three years advocating Mr. Hay's principle, should not allow such statements as Mr. Alexander's to go before the public unchal l«.iged; therefore I put these few notes together for your approval. Mr. Alexander begins with the Scotch anecdote about a man that did not like things underdone or overdone, but just weel done, 'which makes me remember an Irish anecdote which will suit Mr. Alexander and his arguments to aT. A certain woman had a blind husband, and when at meals the blind man had potatoes and salt, while the woman had meat, butter, or the best she could procure. The blind man used to say, * Oh, then, trill -we ever have better fare than this?* The woman would say, 'I pray God it may never be worse,' lapping up her luxury. So with j Mr. Alexander. He is very comfortable on the ] Smith's Creek, and if the poor devils from there j to Port Gawler complain of scanty farms, red j rust. black rust, or takeall, caused by excessive j cropping, lie will say—Let very well alone; shut up, and be thankful. Before I contradict one statement if". Alexander has made I will lay d wn the principles on which the Light Farmers' Club would wish Mr. Hay to base his new BilL Jt is—free selection, deferred pay- j ments. occupation, cultivation, and limitation, j Mr. Alexander says by free selection Mr. Grant pot possession of two miles of the creek. Has Mr. Alexander such a. poor opinion of Me. Hay and the public as to think that a limitation I clause could not be inserted to prevent Mr. Grant, Mr. Alexander, or any other big bug j from Smitblield occupying but a certain frontage of the creek, and a certain number of acres; j so that if they should be first, they could not j do as they have done before at Smith's Creek —try and stop tbe creek from running, so as the poor devils below would die of. thirst! Mr. Alexander says he is certain by free, selection the country would fall into the hands of capitalists; for instance, his own Club would rush and take up all the creeks from Smith6eld to Goyder's rainfall '■■ mark. Now, Mr. Chairman, I will ask you and those gentlemen present, cannot Mr. Hay intro- j dace a limitation clause to prohibit Mr. Alex- j ander and his Club from monopolising the creeks of the colony ? With regard to deterred payments, that is to Mr. Alexander like a ghost story to a child. I will tell him that under the system of defeTed payments 1 <<o not know one district in the colony which thrived better than that from Mr. Alexander's door through Peachey Belt to the sea did. Ido not know how long Mr. Alexander is on the creek, but I know I grew wheat on the plains 17 years ago, when, if Mr. Alexander was there, he was like the Mar quis of Breadalbane—could claim all the land from his hall door to the sea. But shortly after a few men in Adelaide, such as Messrs. G. Green, E. Wright, and P. D. Prankcrd, smelt the diggings, or some other sign of the times, and having money, or got it, bought up every section from Salisbury to Gawler, and from Smithfield to the sea, and sold the land over again to a lot of industrious hard-working men on deferred payments. What the pay ments were I know not; but I know several of those people who bought their seed, bullocks, ploughs, drays, &c;, &c;, on credit, and paid for them honestly, and are in their own simple w:iy as honorable and as independent fanners to-day as Mr. Alexander or any other member of his Club. I will ask Mr. Alexander whether the country throve better under the system of de ferred payments of land agents—who bought, as I have stated, the greater part of the Gawler Plains for say £1 per acre, and sold it to others for say £2 per acre, at 10 per cent, interest— or when the land was let to Grant and Butler as a sheep walk? I say deferred payments did more public good. I will ask Mr. Alexander another question. Would it be better for the farmer if the Government sold him the land at £1 per acre on deferred payments than to deal with the agents? I certainly maintain that it would be better for the fanner and the public for the tenant to deal direct with the" Govern ment and keep the money in the colony than to deal with an English capitalist through a land agentt; and send all profits overcast pri«e oat of the colony. Respecting the buying of teams of bullocks, ploughs, drays. &c.;, that Mr. Alex ander is so frightened will never be paid for, I will ask, does bo know one industrious farmer from his hall door to Port Gawler who did not pay for his team ? I do not think he knows one. Another fright of Alexander's is that those ' def■ rred payment' gentry may build a hut, fence their land, cultivate it until their five or seven years' leases are expired, then throw it up and seek 'pastures new.' Kow, did Mr. Alexander know one on Gawler Plains, under the oppressive deferred payments of land agents, that can away from his improvements. I believe not; and if there was an exception, some bigwig like Mr. Alexander, or soinu other poor devil like himself, was in his place before the fire was quenched. Mr. Alexander is also afraid that the rent will not be paid. For an answer to that I will refer him to the agents I named, as I know them to be men of prin ciple, who will tell the truth. They have sold their land at from £2 to £3, and from 4s. to 6s. per acre rent. Every one bets a new hat, but I will bet Mr. Alexander a pair of second-hand breeches that the answer of these gentlemen will be, 'We have not lost one penny. For if one left a trifle unpaid the improvement on the land allowed us to charge more, so that in the last we were gainers inateadof losers.' The bugbear 'vested in terests/ .which is Mr. Alexander's . worst stombliugblock, should deferred payments be introduced, for fear it would reduce the value of his property and those of other re spectable old colonists to a mere nothing, I will get rid of by asking ' Were we not all new chums in our turn, and did it affect the pro perties of old colonists in the South when we new chums left every corner from Adelaide to Mount Barker, Willuhga, &c;, &c.;, &c;, and came and -selected ou? loads at Smith's Greek, Sheaoak Log, Gilberton, Saddleworth, and other places, on deferred payments, cash pay ments, mortgages, or as the case might be? How did that hurt the vested interests of the South? I would ask Mr. A. But I never heard of him being a, South-down man. I presume he must have come direct from where he had that dinner with the Scotch man to Smith's Creek, where he had made cure, and perhaps wrote home to his friends, that he was monarch of all he surveyed; but, lo and behold ! coon the land sharks, as he terms them, came and swallowed it all up, and served it out again to a miserable lot of cocka toos, who bad neither bullocks, ploughs, nor drays, nor in fact decent clothing, but like aho rigires dressed in flannel shirts, -wide-awake hats, and moleskin trousers, to annoy the re spectable old colonists of Smith's Creek. Mr. A. asks how could borrowing money in England be done under deferred payments? I can see nothing simpler,; and the Hon. the Treasurer wQI bear- meant. Let 100 farmers get 1,000 acres of land each at £1 per acre on deferred payments, bearing interest at 6 or 7 per cent.; what better security can the Government give Cor £100,000 than the rent and improvements of, the.said 100 farmers? ' Did not former Govern ments borrow what money they did borrow on the strength p( those fanners who got their lanaon def erred payments from land agents, squatters, and capitalists, who sent two-thirds of the principal and interest out of the colony? Mr. A. avers occupation could be enforced; but how could culti vation and improvement be managed? That is easily accomplished, for without any compul sion a tenant must fence and clear bis land, co as to enable him to pay his rent, and he must cultivate it co as to keep him from the Insol vent Court. (It will not be'red rust'always.) I hawe a letter in my band from a landlord to his tenant, which Bays:—"You shall not clear your land from stone, but if you do tbe stone, shall belong to me ; and if you do not pay your rent when due I shall summons you, as I have done before, and put you to costs. 9 Mr. Chair man, cannot the Government do as the land lord, and say, you must do certain improve ments and you must pay your rent, or we shall eject you? Mr. Chairman and Gentlemen, I think I have pointed out that both free selec tion and deferred payments are the most essen tial points necessary in Mr. Hay's Bill, and I hope I shall convince Mr.. Alexander; for I consider it very bad grace for Mr. Alexandei and that distinguished body 'The Smithfield Farmen.' Club' to raise their powerful voice j against their poor brother fanners who hap- j nened -to be a few years later in the colony, or were more unfortunate in not selecting such another paradise as Smith's Creek. Why not reach the hand of friendship to them, and allow the Government, in lieu of the land, agents, to give each of them a section or two on right of purchase, and let every old colonist of us assist them with seed, ploughs, bullocks, tic, &c;, as the old colonists in our times have done I to vie? I«puld impress upon Air. Alexander that beautiful" chapter in the Bible that points , 'out that'blessing will' attend those who will do' unto others as they wish to be done by. Mr. Chairman and Gentlemen, it isquite certain that if Mr. Hay's Land Bill is carried, it will be the means of settling a respectable yeomanry on this beautiful land, in place of a bloated colonial aristocracy, who would, through foolery and ignorance, squander the bard earnings of their tenantry in i.ngland, or on the Continent of Europe, or, perhaps, in Melltourne, where every thing is flash; as nothing can be got now in poor South Australia without sending to Victoria, for it, even from the Prince's valet to an auctioneer's clerk. If I cannot convince Mr. Alexander by the facts I have stated in these burriedly-got-up notes, I pledge him my word he will be convinced next March at the general election, for I till him in plain words his hole-and-corner way of tendering, which is fit for none but road contractors and sharpers (who could put a man's tender in bis pocket), will not be accepted by that true fanners' friend, Mr. A. Hay, or by that never tired Light Fanners' Club, or by the public, who have what Mr. Alexander condemns—'universal suffrage'—at their comuiand. And if Mr. Alexander wishes I will double my bet that the word ' tender' will not be mentioned at the next election, but that free selection and deferred payments will be the watchword from Mount Gambier to the Burra; and I will add that the aristocratic Smithfield Club will not be able to return one member far Yatala on the strength of Mr. Alexander's system of tendering. Mr. Chairman and Gentlemen, before I conclude I would urge upon you the necessity of keeping to your post. You want, and so does every Farmers' Club in the colony, to be watchful and prepared for next election so as to gain our end." 