THE THEATRES. HAYMAltKET THEATRE. ' Mr. James Anderson made bis first ap pearance in Australia on Saturday night, as Ilamlct, to a bouso crowded in every part, Indeed, ss full were tho nit nnd o-ntiom time their denizes wero uncomfortably crowded ; and It was no small tributo to tha power of tho trngenian that the audience .endured tho dis comfort consequent upon tbo crush so quietly as they did, Mr. Anderson's European repu- tition Is so high, his triumphs have been so 'usuy, and his fame he3 been so widely hei aided, that any lengthy criticism ofkiT555 Is unnecessary. Ho possesses a ,!D>'n chest voice-scarcely, If at „|| Inferior n e111 Brooko in tlmso palmy days when .1 Stof Olympic, ho took London bv storm o| nlficent figure, which age, though It m„ added to its fulness, has not detracted f Ye grace; a marvellously clear enunclati ® great clocutlonnry powers. He lm> u nni1 nqulsilcs, physical and Intellectual m, tha for a grant actor. He not onlv ,'ym judgment, bnt he also captivatoari V'i and imagination. Twenty years '„r pcrience have added maturity to il,„ ful promise of the actor, who In thel"1' days of tlio stage, when Macrcadv. Ph.l Jry dorren, Helen Fauclt, and Mrs. W„rrl,' An" together nt Drury Lane, was looked upen Jit" ouly possiblo euceessor to Macrcsdv ,u gifted artist should leave the atasre a Brooke, nothing like Anderson has been prrsf Australia. Ills Hamlot Is fvunded on C 1 John Kemhle and Macready, and Includes L of the modem innovations with which F«d,t has made the English public so familiar TV or three novelties nro introduced in the sts business. For example, when ijJS aeks his companions to tnko on out, not to speak of having seen the » pnritlon of his father, the ghost, instead 1"t reiterating the word "Swear" from belo® appears through a transparency upon the eta-e' I11 the closet sccoe with Ophelia, a cue Is cfTurded to his violence frem tho fact that both the Klo and Polonius nro present, endeavouring to over" hear tho conversation between the i07er," Again, in tho fourth r.at, after (kj death of Polonius, Hamlet is brought on tho stngo iu the custody of Ihe guardi There was mere intensity iu the scene with the ghost,- nnd tho simulated maduots in tlie teen, with Ophelia was perhaps a Htilo more stronelv marked lhan la the Hamlet of Mncrcady but with those exceplions we ware strongly reminded of that actor. The magnificent soliloquies wtte splendidly given, and every l»vcr of Siinksp.te must hove felt that ho understood his loved bird hotter after hearing Sir. Anderson deliver Hum lot's reflections alter his fcane with tho players' Indeed, from hit first nppearanco to tlie fcncine sceho with Laertes, and tlio full of tho curtsla when the l'rinoo expires, tho last words upon his lips being, " Tlio rest U silence," Mr. Anderson was listened to with "that rapt attention which Is thogreaiett of all successes. Ho at once established Ids In. disputable claim to take rank with the greatest interpreters of our great national poet which the present ego has produced, and one of tlie finest if not the finest actor who has visited this hemisphere. Ho was called before the curtain at the end of the second and third r.cis and again after, tho conclusion of tha tragedy when in a few grateful words, ho expressed tiin'nhs for tho warmth of his reception. Tbo Ophelia of Mile. St. Denis was a pleasing r.n-1 graceful performance, froo from stagl- noss, and exhibiting feeling and nbllily- while the Gertrude of Mrs. Heir was In tint excellent actnas' best form. Mr. Coppia m Polonius, nnd Mr. GUI, as the gravodiggc/|0. fused much humour into the lighter poilionn't the tragedy, aud Mr. Heir's flue voice wu heart to advantage in the part of tlie Ghost. Mr. Ilosklita was an cdmirablo Osric; and the Laertes of Mr. Appleton, clthough scarcely In that gentleman's line, wns veiy respectable, The other characters call for "no remark' with tho siagte exception of tho King of Br! Carter, which was simply abominable. Alio, gelber, Mr. 'Anderson- may lie cougratulaled with having, nt atiogls leap, established himself ia the position of tlio best tragedian that hu appeared ia Australia for . tlio last lustrum. " Hamlet "is to be repeated this evening. If the goad people of tho gallery would make a little less noise during the intervals between the acts, we ore quite sure that the visitors to the other portions of tho houso would feel much obliged. THEATRE ROYAL.' Tho present management of tho Theatre Royal, in furtherance of tlietr policy to give to tho public ail the latest and most, succeed nro. ductione of the best acknowledged plc,S8"el!bu brought out "The Long Strike" on Saturday night, a drama in four acts, from tlie prolific peg of Mr. Dlou Bouoloault. Although tlio plea possesses a particular local Interest, as represa/. Ing proceedings at the time of a atrikn sraciat tho cotton spinners of Manchester, Hill ihtreb quite sufficient of general eficct cud intc-restb moke It acceptable to an Budience in ony counitj whero tho Inhabitants ore 'ftquaintcd withlhi disastrous results which ensue from these dis agreements between the employers nnd the em ployed. AH BoucIcauK's dramas depend in a great measure upon their success !o some great sons'atiou rcene or 'picluro, to cariy (hem safely through ; and oflentluies common senso Is terribly outraged, in order to oblain the particular de scription of sen-ation rcqu'red. In "The Long Strike," although something lies been sonified for stsge effect, btlli tho piece, taken as it .whole, contains for less of improbabilities than any provious drama by tho same author; aud lbs incidents, although singularly elriking In cha racter, do. not border upon, the abso lutely impossible. Mr. Bcucienult has bees largely assisted at the Theatre Roys! I by Mr. Henntogs, who hits pafated some very 1 pretty scenery ; and these who arc acquainted I .with Manchester and the "cotton country," will I no doubt bo in a position to recognise lu the pic- I tures which the artist has painted, somo familiar I scenes. The story of " The Long Strike" Is 00a f of the present dsy, all the Incidents oro turdem, 1 nnd the dialogue generally plalu'cnd common, piece. IVhen tho drama opens, tlio mapufic. turers aro assembled in order (0 discuss a propo sition sent In by tho workmen on strike,, nnd II possible to arrive at some terms. Mr. llicbori Radiey, t nc of the foremost of tho monufacluteir, | is strongly ogainst any composition; and when | the delegates from the workmen, herded by | Noah: Learoyd — a haif-errzy enthusiast— ill I announced,- they nro Informed that no concff E Hon will bo made. This hard- hearted sfeccb, | delivered by Radlvy, raises the anger of the nun 1 more especially against him, r,nd llpy depart, | muttering threats of vengeance. Learoyd but | young daughter, who, being pretty- and, It | must bo supposed, arniolle— lias n best "of nd- | mirers, and amongst them J cm Staritfc, au ccgi- I ncer ; John Reilly, a sailor; and Uudley- himself. I Tho girl, flattered hy RsdK-y'o attentions bat Ignorant of his real dcsljUF, givis hiut Ike pre- feronca and discards her more ' devoftd, bat humble, lovers. Starkip, maddened by his ill- success witb Jane, meets Radiey, cud after high - words blows.ensue. Tho encounter is, bowovfti i put a stop to liy the timely antral of a pollrt ! man. Soon afterwards, upon tho n ob becoraloy ' aware of Redloy's conduct in relation to tha slrlko, tlicy pursue the unfortunate rnmiufst- jj tutor, who seeks safety iu Learoyri's cottage, 5 where ho Is hidden away from tlio iufurlattd workmen by tho enamoured Jaoe, WblM |i ia this hiding-place he overhears a con versation between Noah Learoyd and three of his companions.' They concoct n plan # burn dowu the mills, ona by one— first Rid ley's, ond then -all tho rest. . The men draw lots, S and it falls tt> Learoyd's sbaro to pcrfmia Ik r deed. Radiey is soon nfttr released by Jea'i - with the assistance of Starl.le, who only conscott to assist his rival at the earnest bidding of Ja«- f The poor girl brgius to have a hctler feeling H 5; words JcmSteikie, and writes him a letter ti come to her, but omits to send it. Iu tho meat" whllo, through tho information glveu by Rndlefi f three of the men who had bt en engaged in ''' | conspiracy to burn down tho mill- nro orrcatwi and a policemen Is seut to Learoyd to wornhW fj to leave tho country ; and the old man then, w r the first time, Lecconcs bwrio that Rfhooy J, been an admirer of his daughter. Ildnffi -d"' mined not to skulk behind his lacs, sud let olbC : suffer for his doings ; ,Bud us ho Icarus that 3tf . fu to meet Rsdley in Fuller's laue thatslgbr .. Learoyd, intending mischief, loads a blti, for wadding portion of tho unseat letter sdtiref by Jane to Starkip. At tlio meeting in '-18 S. ltadley startles Juno by tho base and dlsbono ' ablonaturo of his proposals. He is rusbkfl embraco her when a shot Is ilifd fria | bind the hedge, and Radiey fa"9 ..The mutderer Is' not seen, but ah evldenco points to Jem Starkio bb the num. His previous quarrel with Radley nbout the girl, his threat to Radley, the portion of Jane's letter used nswnddtng, and Jem's absence from homo — nil confirm tho suspicions against him. Jane in bcr despair gooB to Mr. Monoy- penny, a good-natured, fidget ty old lawyer. She tells him about Jem, and states also that at the time of tho murderho was nt Kci'les, on the Liverpool road, In compnny with Johnny Retlly, n sailor, who was nbout to join bis ship. Tho two repnlr to tlio tdcgrnpli- ofiro, nnd after some difficulty a communication is opened. Reilly, whoso evidence is necessary to savo Jem's' life, is already on board tho outward- bound ship, but still within the inner bar, waiting for tho tido. A ractsage is sent on board by the pilot-boat, but the captain of tho vessel being shorthauded, will not let Reilly go. The sailor, however, determined to answer his eld sweetheart's telegram on so important a subject, tumps through tho cablu window, and Is taken up by tho pilot-boat. He just arrives at tho court In tlmo to save a verdict of guilty being returned, nnd Starkle Is released. Tho general Idea of the plot is good, but it is not con sistently worked out (o tho conclusion, and the finish is defective. In the first two acts Noah Lcaroyd Is made a pvomlnoni part of, but after he commits the murder lie be comes demented, nnd then having discovered bimscif as tho author of the crime in bis ravings, the old man is quietly dropped. Ho walks into the court in the lost cccne, and Is silently put out by o policeman. This part wbs well played by Mr. Vinceut, who kept up a correct Lancashire dialect, with consistency through out. Thcro is in ronlity not much in the part, and It would havo bren lnelgnlficr.pt In loss able bauds. Mrs. Vincent, as JnnB Lcaroyd, has n very good commonplace mart, which she lilnved with great enro. The character is defieiont both in power or pathos ; hut it stands out prominently from the rest as being tbo only female pert in the place. . Mr. G. Hall made Jem Starkle, tbc stalwart engineer, n namby-pamby noodle, always hold ing on to Ms heart as though afiaid it would bo stolen away, and tried to make himself senti mental by falling Into the most absurd uttltudcs. The character, as originntly written, iB about the best in the drama, hut Mr. Hall mekes it the worst ; the contrast being greater as all tho others are well ployed. Mr. Bollnlr appeared to very good advantage as Radley. Tho part is a thankless euo for any one to play, as the sym pathies of the audience ere entirely against him ; hut Mr. Bellair, who Is used to tho heavy vil lain business, cartied it through very success fully. Mr. Lambert takes a smell part, but a good one, and this excellent actor makes tho most of tbo role of the good-hearted, nervous old lawyer. The Irish sailor, originally ployed hy Mr. Bouclcuult himself, is undertaken by Mr. Stowart. It is the comedy part of the piece, nnd what Utile fun there is in it, is extracted by Mr. Stewart for tho benefit of tho audience. Mr.. Welsh's policemen and Mr. ward's captain were both well performed. The scenery, as we linve stated, is new and appropriate. A view of Manchester, Fuller's lane,' a Manchester street, the after cabin of tho Eliza and Mary, nnd the telegraphic office, are amongst the most pro minent of the scenes. The conclusion of tho second act, witli the burning of the mill, was ex ceedingly goad nnd cfiectivo. As usual in all Boucicnult's plays, there is a trial scene, end tho proceedings generally were well conducted, some slight exaggeration bciag of necessity allowed. It was evident that the piece had undergone some careful preparation, and In a night or so the few littlo defects Inseparable' from a first appearance will be remedied, and there (9 no doubt that " The Long Striko" will enjoy a lung run at this theatro. ... PRINCESS THEATRE. The Princess Theatre was opened on Saturday night for a season, under the management of the Comte do la Chapeile, with a very poor house. The company is a transfer, from . the Theatre Comlque, and the ' pieces which formrd the entertainment were "Matks and Faces-" and the farce of " My Turn Next." Many of the ladies end gentlemen in the numerous cast re quited for this well.kuojyn comedy moy be passed over unnoticed, except as having got through . their small parts without attracting much atten tion. Of course, the central figure was tho Pag .Wofiington of Miss- Juno, which was rendered with much truthful effect. Mr. Richnrdson did ample justico to tbo part of Sir Charles Pomander, Mr. Tom Fnwcett taking that of Ernest Vnno, and Mr. J. Milne giving a very careful and fair rendering of tho character of Colley Cibber. To Mr. John Dunn, for what reason it would be difficult to say, was allotted the beautiful part uf Triplet in the comedy, and that of Mr. Taraxieum. Twitters (a village Bolus) in (he afiorpicce. It is well known Hint no person could hatter fill a low comedy part than Mr. Dunn, but it is equally well known that the talent of that amusing comedian does not comprehend the power' of expressing -such real' pathos as tliat wlih which this character is invested. Instead of ascending to the level of the character in the first portion of tho play, Mr. Dunn brought it . down to his point of view, and thus nvoideii a disappointment to tho pit by giving it the genial humorous touches of bis " lino." He proved Triplet to Mrs. Vano in one of tho eceuos to be what he cays he "may not seem — a gentle man," hy walking nwny from her with his hat to one side, in n most farcical manner. In the latter scenes, there were few points which the actor could msglae to he farcical ; and, ns a consequence, the play was careful end creditable, oonsldotlng. tiro delineator to be out of hlselemont. "My Turn Next," with Taraxieum Twitters thoroughly at homo, concluded the entertain ment. THEATRE COMIQUE. The Theatre Comlque was opened on Saturday evening to " million", prices ; hut whether it was that the theatrical competition which at present exists diverted the attention of playgoers from this establishment, or that the company now engaged Is considered to bo inferior to that which has been performing at this theatre recently, there was but a poor attendance. " Women's the Devil." la which Miss AI. ;AIdville and tho Murray family sustained the characters, was the first piece, and this was succeeded by some comic j business hy Messrs. Samwells and Flexmoro. Tho " wonderful suspension feat" was tho 6ld trick of suspending a child in the air, with its arm resting oil ,B pole. " The Day after the Fair" was also piayed by the Murray family and Miss Melville, but tbo performance calls for no special observn'ions. ' ; 