THE NEWS OF THE DAY. i Mr M'Mahon and tlio Opposition were «U unpro ! pared, last night, to show cause against the action taken by the Government in regard to tho postal ' arrangements agreed to at the conference, and cm , bodied in the memorial to the Qneen. Tho ! plain statement that the ' memorial' is virtually ; tiie ' report,' and that all tho matters not ! essential in giv.'mg effect to the memorinl will be subject to tlio raviow ot. tho f ederal Council proposed to be created, appears to have ' sicklied o'er' ' tho nativo hue of resolution,' and thoro appears every reason to expect that tho attack which has been elaborately planned for several days will bo abandoned, or so feably conducted that it may be set down that tho Federal scheme will be allowed to pass almost' with- out a protest. Tho declaration by the Chief Secre tary that ' there had been no correspondence with tho neighboring colonies, because tho Government were quite clear what the arrangements were,' was felt to bo a,' heavy blow, and sad discourage ment ' to their hopes. It will teach Sir M'Mahon and his party to bo cautions in receiving as /acts tho guesses at truth hazarded by a contemporary with regard to the intentions of tho Government. A few days ago it was authoritatively announcod that unless Mr Parkes wouU acknowledge in writing the arrangement agreed to with reference to Mel bourne being tho terminus for the Suez steamers after tho graving dsck was finished, Victoria would with draw from tho postal arrangements agreed to. Tho \- reality that no correspondenco was deemed requi site must be a cruel disappointment to others besides Mr M'Mahon. Tho eagerness of the Government to enter into explanations and tho reluctance of tho Opposition to listen to them, afforded one of tho most instructive sights that have been witnessed in tho Assembly for somo time. Tho Treasury minuto of September, I860, in accordance with the recommendations contained in which tho conference was convened, was laid npon tho table of tho Assembly last night, but the only portion of it relating to these colonies has been already published, and need not bo repeated. Tho estimates wero again dealt with by tile As sembly last ovoning. Considerable discussion ; took place on tho vote for tho industrial schools, but tbe explanation of tho Chief Secretary was considered satisfactory, and tho steps being taken to provido better accommodation for the children by locating them in buildings in , : coarse of erection at Ballarat and Beechworth, speak ' - hopefully for the future. A portion of tho Yarra Bend will, in a conplo of months, be mado availablo \ for tho transfer of tho children from tho Princo's bridge school. Tho extract read by tho Chief Secretary, on tho condition of the Central District . School, London, shows the difficulties attending tho management of such institutions with tho class of children placed nnder care. At an early stage of tho business, in tho Legisla tive Assembly, last evening, Mr M'Culloch an nounced that on this day he would move that the House should, at its rising, adjourn to the 30th April, for the Easter recess. In tho Legislative Assembly, last evening, Mr M'Kean gave notice that he would move for a re turn of tho expenditure incurred by the Stato in seeking for coal in tlie colony. Mr Levoy notified that he would ask for a return of all officers holding commissions in tho volunteer force, with the dates of thoir commissions. Mr Jones announced his in tention to move (on going into committee of supply) that an amended land act should be brought in forthwith, providing for free selection over tho celony. Mr Longmore stated that, next day, he would draw the attention of tho Minister of Lands to the 68th clause of tho Amended Land Act, and ask when tho return required by that clause would be produced. The second reading of tho Customs Duties Bill was again postponed in tho Legislative Council, yesterday. A petition was presented from 700 mer chants and others against the resolutions arrived at by the postal conference ; and Mr Sladen presented a progress report from tho committee appointed to inquire into the best mode of amending tho consti tution of tho Council. The other business trans acted was purely formal. Wo understand that Mr E. EL Hargraves, the discoverer of gold, near Bathurst, in New South Wales, the first field that was worked in Australia, is about to renew his application for an additional grant as a reward for developing our mineral wealth. He received £10,000 from New South Wales ; and n committee of the Victorian Parlia ment recommendod that a similar sum should bo appropriated to reward not only Mr Hargraves, but the Rev. W. B. Clarke, Mr Hiscock, Mr Michel, Mr Bruhn and Mr Esmond. This sum was reduced to £5000 when the estimates wera nnder considera tion, and was apportioned thus : — Mr Hargraves, £2500 ; the others, £476 each. Tho vote was after -wards supplemented, so as to make the award to tho Rev. Mr Clarke and the others £1000 each. Mr Har . graves thinks that lie was unjustly treated, in not being included in that supplementary vote ; hence the renewal of his claim at the present time. A shocking murder was committed at Sandhurst, yesterday. Some details will be found in another column. We learn with satisfaction that a step in the rMit direction has been taken by the banks of issue acting in concert. Tho rate of interest on deposits is not, under any circumstances, to exceed six per cent, per annum. Tho Colonial Bank has, we hear, con sented to abolish, after 1st May, the intorest allowed on the daily balance. The Commercial, in consideration of its being a new institution, is not pressed into a concession of this point. The next » step will, wo trust, be a proportionate reduction in the rates of discount. The secretary of railways announces that during the Easter holidays from Thursday, tho 18th, to Monday, tho 22nd, return tickets at single fares, available for seven days from date of issue, will be issued from, any station to another. A' report of the board appointed' to inquire into the inanagoment of tho nayal training ship has just .been laid be^pro the Legislature. r , Somo of tho, facts have already reached the public, but .it may not be amiss I to present them in a more authentic shape. Tlife ship received its first detach ment of boys on board\on tho 12th of June, 1865. Up to the 30th of. September, 18G6, tho date of the inquiry, tho number on board amounted to 183, exclusive of 45 who had loft tho ship. Tho sum expended on tlio ship had bee'n £5922 4s ; the cost of maintaining the boys from June, 1805, to December in tho same year, was £4975 0s Id, or an average of £134 10s per annum. Prom January to September, tho sum expended was £6950 183 7d, making an average of £72 2s Id. The report expressos-a high opinion of the condition of the ship and its suitableness for the work to which it is devoted, and recommends that it shall still b-! continued as a training ship and branch of tho industrial schools. Of the boys ex amined, somo wero highly delighted at the pro spect of a nautical career, but others had a decided aversion to going to sea, and these the board re commended should be sent to the industrial schools, and others selected in their place. The annual Kyneton races, held yesterday, were a great success. Thero was a very numerous atten dance on the course, and the weather was all that could be desired for the sport. Langley won the Hurdlo liace, and Monkey succeeded in wresting the Handicap from four very good horses, his stable companion, Woodman, being second. It was a splendid race, being won by a neck only, the same distance dividing tho second from the third. The Steeplechase, which was considered a certainty for Langley, fell to Whackfalooral, nn.outsider, through the favorite balking. The Soiling Raco was wen by Creeping Jane, beating six others. , We have received from Messrs Hamel and Fergu- son a fresh collection of tinted lithographs of M. Von Guerard's sketches of Australian scenery. Four landscapes are illustrated in the pictures — ' Castle Rock, Cape Schanck, by sunset ' The Weather- board Fall, New South Wales;' 'A View on the Murray, South Australia,' and ' Mount Wel- lington, Tasmania.' Considerable credit is due to the artistic finish the painter has given to his study, and the various effects of light and shade so peculiar to the four colonies are admirably brought out. It is as specimens of tinted lithographs, however, that they are deserving of special notice. It could hardly be expected that a colonial lithograph would reach the high perfection to which such works are wrought in England or Germany, but it is not exceeding the limits of fair comparison to say they fall little short of the best produced elsewhere. They are not only creditable to the establishment of Messrs Hamel and Ferguson, but a genuine boon to those who have such objects of beauty placed within their reach at a reasonable cost; and they elevate the character of the colony for skill and enterprise. Tho Ballarat circuit court will bo Held on Tuesday next, the 16th inst. It is expected that tho trial of Sutherland and M'Laren for tho supposed Mount . Clear murder will bo gone on with. Tho people of Mount Gambier seom resolved upon keeping pace with the progressive spirit of the time. On Thursday lust, a public meeting was held in the Oddfellows' and Foresters' Hall, Mount Gam bier, for the purpose of memorialising his Excel lency tho Governor of South Australia to aid in establishing a brunch of tho Crown lands and Im migration and Treasury offices in tho township, re gular sittings of the circuit courts, for tho trial of civil and criminal cases, a branch of the insolvent court, improvement of Port Macdonnell, and a tramway from thenco northward ; and tho erection of a new and commodious post office. Tho meet ing appears to have been successful in numbers, intelligence and enthusiasm. Third meetings were held in tho estates of fivo insolvents, at the insolvent court, yesterday. In the estate of Anno Maria Marsh, of Melbourno, milliner and draper, it was reported that npon debts duo per schedule the estate would pay a dividend of Is 6d in tho pound ; .but it was considered pro bablo that tho total amount of debts proved would bo greater than that schedulod. Dividonds would shortly bo made in tho estates of James Mouat, of Eaglehawk, bookseller ; and John Pol lock, of Collingwood, butcher ; and probably 2s. in tho pound in that of Edward Tolhurst, of M'Cul lum's Creek, butcher. Upon debts due per sche dule, in tho estate of Kerr aud Gray, of Ballarat, ironmongers, it was intimated that 4s 6d in tho pound would bo realised. If tho polios authorities have not found tho pur suit of knowledge on Beechworth particularly diffi cult, thoy do not soem to have boon overwhelmed with the burthen carried to Melbourne. Up to Tuesday this is all our local contemporary,', tho Ovens Advertiser, had heard as to whether real bushrangers had visited, tlie district, or only one of Pepper's ghosts : — ' Mr Inspector Nicholson having finished tho business on which ho visited these dis tricts, left Beechworth for Melbourno by coach yes terday morning. Of courso, at present it is im possible to say what will result to senior constable Popper, as Inspector Nicholson has merely to tako evidence and report to head quarters, and much rests on whether his report is favorable or otherwise. Thero seems to bo an impres sion abroad that Pepper will bo romoved to some othor station, although on what grounds we cannot see, unless he has been unable to substantiate his statements as to the sticking- up, and there is littlo doubt of that.' A man, named Richard Lalor, lias boon arrested at Emerald-hill, charged with obtaining goods by false pretences, under most peculiar circumstances. Ho recently rented a dwelling-house on the Hill, and shortly after doing so went round to nearly all the grocers in tho place and ordered goods, which wero sent to his address. Ono of tho grocers finding some difficulty in getting his monoy, entertained suspicions that all was not right, and gave, information to tho police. Inquiries wero instituted, and it was then discovered that a large nHmber of other grocers had been similarly treated. This led to an examination of tho prisoner as to his means, and the whole turned out to bo a cheat, as he plainly confessed that he had not the wherewithal to meet the various claims. Ho had taken the houso in company with another man, and tho stock of provisions sent in to him would havo lasted the pair for two months. Tho delivery of tho goods a day or two beforo bis arrest was sworn to by all the grocers, but scarcely anything could be found in tho house. This raised tke question, ' Where could the thingB have gone to?' and the police, after somo trouble, found that tho prisoner's wife kept a lodg inghouso in town, whither all the groceries had been transported, and partly consnmed by tho lodgers. Tho man's motive appears to hava been to ' let in' all the grocers and then decamp, leaving an impression that ho had departed from ! the colony. Brown v tho Mayor and othors of Hawthorn, heard at the county court, yesterday, was an action to recover a balance of £11 in connection with the completion of certain surveys and levels. Tho re muneration tho plaintiff bad received was consi dered ample, and a verdict was given for the defen dants. Wilson v Holland, was an action to recover damages for an assault committed upon the plaintiff by the defendant when making inquiries respecting a magpie which had been lost. A verdict was given for plaintiff for £10 damages and four guineas costs. At tho Salo police court, on Monday, a ' man named Charles Scott, a respectable farmer, residing on the Plains, was charged with having violently assaulted Mrs Ann Smith, of York- street, and also with having robbed her of a. considerable sum of money, and a quantity of jewellery. Mrs Smith stated that he had gagged and tied her to tho foot of the bed, after which he committed the robbery complained of; but after patiently investigating the, case, which occupied over two hours, tho bench were unanimously, of opinion that the evidence ' of tho prosecutrix was unworthy of credence, and that tho statement made by tho accused that she had taken his pocket-book from him was a true and correct Torsion of tho matter ; Mr Foster also saying, in in forming him he was discharged, that he left tho court without a stain upon his character, A witness in a case of assault created some amnse ment in tho city police court, yesterday. It ap peared ho had previously had a charge of assault preferred against the prisoner at tho Kow police court, when a fine of 5s had been inflicted. This sum ho did not consider proportionate to his injuries, and yesterday he expressed himself in a very docidcd manner, asserting ' No justice is to be had there. I shall report them.' ' Who to ?' in quired Mr Read. ' The Kow bench ; I shall report them to Mr Bindon. Fivo shillings for a broken: leg 1 It's a mockery ef justice,' ho exclaimed, as hp. hobbled out of court, vowing to bring down tho majesty of the law upon the heads of tho offending justices of the peace. A charge of manslaughter was, yesterday, pro- j ferred, at tho city police court, against a midwifo named Margaret Wylio, who attended a woman named Mary Peoblo in her confinement on tho 15th of last month. The birth was an abnormal one, but the prisoner, who ought to havo been aware of tho fact and called in medical assistance, failod to do so until too late, and tho poor woman died from esces- j sivo hemorrhage. Dr. Knaggs, who attended tho woman shortly before her death, and Dr. Turnbull, who gave professional evidence, wero tho principal witnesses. Tho prisoner was remanded until Friday. An inqHest was hold upon tko body of tho deceased at tho timo of her death, and the depositions having been forwarded to the Crown lawofficors, tho present proceedings wero instituted by the Attorney General. In tho district court, yesterday, Mr A. Wyso was summoned by the city inspector for selling bocr without a license. Tho defendant was the Mel bourne agent for the Castlemaine Browery Com pany, and having taken out a license for Camp boll's Creole, ho claimed the privilego of selling in Melbourno without taking out n fresh license. Tho bench wore of opinion that the defendant's license only applied to tho district in which it had boen taken out, and did not give any authority to him to sell in' any other municipal district. A fine of £5, ^ and 23s 6d costs, was inflicted : Dr. Mackay, who ap peared for tho defendant, giving notice- that lie should apply to tho bencli to state a case; An accident, that providentially was not attended with n fatal result', occurred, on Tuesday, on board the ship Dover Castle, lying -alongside the M. and H. B. Unitod Railway Company's pior, Sandridge. It appears that Mr R. Novison, tho fourth officor of tho vessel, was engaged aloft, when hie foot slipped ? in some way, and ho fell from tho maintopsail yard on to the deck. Somo intervening ropo broke the fall, and to this may bo attributed his comparative safety. Apparently ho has received only a few bruises and a severe shaking. As an instance of tlio change in the times in Ballarat, a local contemporary mentions that it came out in a fraud summons case in tho county court, on Tuesday, that a defendant had lodged as security for a loan, of which £200 ? was unpaid, scrip of tho estimatod value of £1600. In proof of the faith of tho defendant in that estimate, ho had paid £300 in calls ou the scrip since deposit. Now the scrip is regarded as worthless, and tlie de fendant is without means to pay the balance of tho loan. The Sydney correspondent of tho AlburiJ Banner accuses tho New South Welsh Ministry of fa voritism ! 'Tho Ministry have secured another Bincero friend,' ho says. ' Thoy havo appointed a brother of Mr ®avid Buchanan to a £200 a year billet in her Majesty's customs, and tho M;P.'s brother is in future to voto with the Ministry ovon to downfall. Some timo since, when a new par liamentary being held tho reins of government, this very same member of tlio Buchanan tribe, and theroafter tho parliamentary brother, counted his voto amongst thoso of the Opposition benches.' There liavo been remarkably low tides in tho port of Geelong lately, much lower than havo been known for somo time nast. Tho fact is attri buted by persons wiso in matters maritime 'to tho prevalence of easterly winds. At tho meeting of Jtho shiro council of B anriock burn, a few days ago, its inspecting officer reported that several of tlio hotels in tho district had changed their mora pretentious characters, and were now designated ' boer shops,' but that tho alteration in name was the only change that had really taken place. Tho roducod liconso fee for a beor shop is in each cas 3 the ono that is paid, while spirits are sold without disguise. This is not likely to be the only district in which Mr Micliio's bill has proved a greater boon to tho publicaus than to tho public. A passenger, named Irvine, who arrived at Goelong by the niao o'clock Ballarat train, on Tuesday night, met with an accident at tho station, by which his foot has boon seriously injured and which will ren der amputation necessary. It appears that after the arrival of tho train ho remained on the platform until the train departed for Melbourne, then walked up the line, and coming- on that upon which somo carriages were being shunted, between Brougham place and Skeno-street, crossed on to another and came in contact with the engino that was going into the shed, which would appear to have knockod him down, and tho hind wheel of the engino passed over his foot. An accidont occurred on Monday evening on tho railway line botwoen the Moorabool station and that at the Leigh-road, which might havo proved danger ous to tho driver of tho ten minutes past seven p.m. train from Ballarat. From the Geelong Advertiser's report, it appears that tho keeper of tho gate between tho two stations named was taken ill, and was com pelled to retire to bed. Just before the time of tho arrival of tho Ballarat train ho instructed his wifo to go out and lock the gates, who mado tho mistake of shutting them across tho rails instead of across tho road; consequently, when tho train passed it broke through tho gates, shattering them to pieces, and scattering the fragments to a considerable distance. Tho two front lamps of the engine were smashed, and it is a lucky thing that none of the splinters touched the driver. Tenders were opened, yesterday, in connection with tho department of Public Works, and tho fol lowing contracts accepted : — For repairs to the jetty at Sandridge, Mr Fossel, £278 ; for stables, &c.;, to the Military Barracks, Mr J. Walker, £2396 9s 9d ; and for works connected with tho Portland court house, Mr Noble, £219 7s 6d ; , .the acceptance of the tenders thus annsunced to be subject to tho usual reservations. The vessel which is being built by Messrs Tait and Co., on the Eastern Beach, Geolong, is pro gressing with creditable rapidity. It another week (according to the Register), the framework will bo all but complete. The erection of a Chineso lazar house, somewhere or anywhere within the borough of Ballarat East, for the reception of thoso outcasts of humanity — the Chineso lepers — appears to bo viewed by tho council with tho utmost hostility, as wo learii from tho Star. The matter came before the council on Tuesday evening on a communication from tho district surveyor, stating that a site had been suggested on Clayton's-hill, oh which the council's opinion was requested. Cr. Dodds observed that if such a pest houso ? was erected in that locality, ho considered the inhabitants should collect together and burn it down, as it would otherwise have tho most damaging effect in depopultting that part of tho town. Tlio borough cemetery waa suggdited 'as a suitable site for such a house, but the matter was ultimately left over for the report of tho works committeo. ' - A singular circumstance occurred a few nights ago to Mr Willis, at liis' residence, on Talbot Flat (as related by tho Leader.) Some hoars after re tiring to rest, Mr Willis was awakened by a peculiar sensation in his oar, occompamed with intense pain, and as he could obtain no relief, and the pain ap peared to increase, he proceeded to Dr. Dowling, at whose surgery he arrived in a fainting condition. After thoroughly cleansing tho ear with a syringe and warm water, the forceps wero used, and two large ants were extracted, they having penetrated to such a distance as to be out of sight. The ear was much swollen, and tho suffering caused by the bites of these insects was very severe. During tho sitting of the Sondhurst district court, on Tuesday, mounted constable Wright brought in from tho lock-up at the Campaspo a man of tho name of Thomas Johnson, alias ' Maori Tom,' on a charge of having attempted a capital offence npon a respectable woman of tho name of Sarah Knapp, tho wife of a farmer upon the Campaspo. The poor creature who so narrowly escaped from tho per petration of such a gross outrage, has been for some time suffering from the effects of insanity. On Saturday, unknown to her family, she escaped from the homestead towards the punt upon the river, where she was seen by the prisoner, who watched his op portunity, and had it not been for tho unexpected arrival of tho two men whoso presonca compelled liim to desist, the intended outrage would havo been committed. Tho mon very promptly gave informa tion to constable Wright, who apprehended Johnson at tho Claro Inn, and on Tuesday brought . him up and obtained a remand for a week. Johnson (as wo learn from the Bendigo Independent), is a tall, powerful half- cast, a nativo of Auckland, New Zealand, and in tho year 1857 was serving his timo ns an apprentice to the business of a shipwright in tho yards of Messrs Sharp and Nicholls, of Auckland. Ho has been absent from New Zealand for some years, and resided for some time at Mount Macedsn, wood splitting,- since which he has been engaged upon the Campaspe as a job-' bing hand. Ho told tho constable who apprehended him that ho remembered MrM'Lachlan when ho was magistrate in Auckland, and that gentleman upon tho prisoner being brought beforo him at onco re cognised liim, and said that ho know the prisoner's fathsr well. Thero is nt present lying in the Bathurst gaol a Chinaman named Ah Moy, who has been imprisoned for debt upon a ca. sa., for eight months past. Tho debt and costs amount to £19, and he was put in prison because it was thought ho had tho means of paying. As ho, however, now turns out to bo with out funds and friends, tho creditor is willing to forego his claim ; but he cannot be liberated under tho ca. sa. until ho pays. Tho puzzle now is to know what to do with tho man. A ' local journal is credibly informed that the trial of the Daylosford arson caso has been post poned till the 24th iiist., and that a still further postponement will bo asked, and in all probability obtained. Tho probability, according to this authority, is that tho trial will not come off beforo tho May sittings. Tho always lovely valley of tho Moorabool now presents tin appearance of peculiar beauty (as a local contemporary says, with very laudablo rap ture). The lato rains havo had a beneficial effect, and tho green grass has shot up in tho place of tho withered pasture which has lately covered tho ground. Tho farmers have been very busy lately ploughing their ground, and will havo finished in a short time. . Tho man Tarrant, charged with attempting to murder his wife at Emerald-hill, was brought beforo the city police court yesterday, and remanded for seven days. His wifo has suffered a relapse, and Some fears aro now entertained of her recovery. The capture, of the prisoner reflects great credit upon constable O'Regan, who, acting solely on tho description furnished the police, identified ond arrested him among a number of other men who wero congregated in Stephen-street on tho provions evening. ' A1 correspondent from Yoa favors tho Tarrcngowcr Times with some facts concerning tho no W diggings at Mount Pleasant, which are worthy of note : — 'The place is going ahead just now in the matter of building, &c.i; for where :thero aro many people going to and fro there is always- a demand for much beer! The seeming prosperity is fictitious and cannot last ; there must bo a collapse after tho Wood's Point fashion, for like that place, all tho talk so far (mind, so far), are tho changes rung on two or threo really paying claims, which was actually the caso at tho commencement of Wood's Point ; and what it did turn to we all know. There liavo boon two or three small alluvial gullies that paid pretty woll while tho water lasted, that is, underground water. Thoso gullies are all taken up long ago, and tho stuff is now being piled up for winter, and somo of it carted about a quarter of a mile to the main creek, for beef money. Wo shall hear very soon fresh wondrous tales of tho present quartz claims now working, and which have caused such a stir; but unless other claims are started to support some of the population, they must seek for fresh fields, and then what will becomo of the present prepara tions 1 I givo a year or two as tho ago of Alexan dra, and then down sho goes. A bank will shortly bo started, and a post office is urgently required, which it is hopod will bo granted soon. There aro several paragraphs in The Age of this week about roads to thoso diggings. Tho best aro tho old ones by Kilmore, Bradford, and Whittlesea.' Mr Oliver Ware, butcher, Mopoke, Creswick, found; on going homo on Monday, that his cash box, containing about £50 in gold, notes, and silver, had been stolen from his bedroom during tho ab sence of himself asd Mrs Ware. Information of the robbery' was givon at tho Creswick police station, on Tuesday, and constable O'Shannassy at onco proceeded to tho placo, where he arrested the servant girl, Mary- Jane Stephenson, who is about seventeen years of ago, and from her learned that a woman of abandoned character, named Louisa Moor, who is living with a splitter about lialf-a-milo from Ware'3, had come to the house on Monday, and finding tho master aud mistress were both out, asked the girl whore tho money was kept. It was ultimately arrangod between them that tho girl was to steal tho money tha day, make it up in a parcel, and givo it to Louisa Moor on the following day. Constable O'Shannassy took tho girl with him to Louisa Moor's house, and in the girl's presence asked the woman for the parcel the girl had left with her. Tho woman handed O'Shannassy a parcel containing two nowspapers, saying, ' here it is.' O'Shannassy then took them both back to Ware's, and the girl, after boing pressed by him to tell whero the monoy was, showed him whero she had concealed it under her bedroom, about 90 feet distant from Ware's bed room. Tho whole of the money was recovered, and , the servant girl and the woman Louisa Moor were both convoyed to tho lockup at Creswick. An old woman, eighty years of age, was, yester day, charged at tho city police court as a vagrant, and remanded for soven days. On tho previous day sho had been found lying in tho bush near Eltliam, in a most destitute and starving condition. Sho was lying on somo rushes and had constructed a covering of the branches of trees to protect her from tho weather. Her body was in a most fright ful state from filth, the particulars of which are bettor left unsaid. A moro distressing case never came before tho court. ? Tho Sydney Freeman's Journal, affecting to be an1 authority upon political affairs, thus pro nounces upon tho Ministerial situation : — ' If wo aro to placo any reliance on the information which has reached us, wo are likely to seo a considerable change in the members of the Cabinet. Rumor states that the opinion of the two leading members aro not very unanimous, and the reported changes would more evenly balance them. It is stated that Mr Byrne will retire from the Ministry and Parlia ment, and accept tho post of Commissioner of Rail ways. Mr Wilson will .disappear from political life, receiving the new office of Inspector ? of Prisons ; Mr Robertson will be offered his old posi tion of Minister for Lands ; and a gentleman will receive Mr Byrne's portfolio, who will suit the Colonial Secretary better. By these changes, Mr Parkes will find himself enabled to enforce hisviews upon tho Cabinet with more chances of succcss than at present, for just now ho would appear to be rather isolated in his.ioxtremo views. West Sydney will soon be called npon to elect threo representa tives ; for Dr. Lang is about to resign, as well as Messrs Josephs and Windeyer.' The Druids. — Wo have been requested to call attention to an advertisement in our columns with rcspect t» opening lodges by tho United Ancient Order of- Druids. The Catholic Literary Institute, as wo ob serve by our advertisement columns, have a special meeting this evening. The Anniversary op the Court Southern Cboss, A.O.F. will bo celebrated by a dinner, at the Bricklayers' Arms Hotel, Richmond, on Monday e veiling next. Batchelher's Grand Historic Mirror of the American Was. — These beautiful dioramas, illus trative of the great Transatlantic struggle, aro of a very superior character, and that tho public appre ciate them is shown by tho crowded attendance nightly in St. George's Hall. The A. O. Foresters held their anniversary ball and supper on Tuesday night last, in tho borough chambers, Footscray. Thero were about 150 pro sent ; 90 sat down to supper, at which Mr Gavin Brown presided as chairman. The usual loyal toasts were given, and Mr Joseph Irving, the secretary of Ceurt Rising Sun, gave an elaborate statement of the benefits derived from the order, and its rise in Footscray. The Haymarket Theatre. — Tho engagement of Miss Julia Mathews at this theatre, lias proved a genuino success. Sinco Monday sho lias suc ceeded in attracting excellent houses, and by hor charming acting and exquisite) ballad singing has fully confirmed her position as a favorite of tho public. Last night she appeared as Norah Merrion in tho comedy of ' The Irish Heiress,' and as Prince Prctt3-pet in tho bitr lesquo of that name. Tho performances this evening are set apart for her benefit, and as it will be the last she will take in the colony of Victoria, there should be a bumper house. Miss Mathews is decidedly of homo manufacture, and it is not too much to expect that sho will add another to the already long list of Victorian actors and actresses who have gone to England, and there astonished tho cockneys. Sho pliys to-night in tho comic drama «f ' A Rustic Prima Donna,' and the burlesque of ' The Invisible Princo.' Williamstown Mechanics' Institute. — Tho members held thoir usual -half-yearly meeting last evening; tho vice-president, Mr W. H. Bucirdo, occupying tho cliuir. Tho report was read by tlie secretary, and tho balance sheet submitted ; tho subscriptions being put down as £67 8s 9d, and tho Government grant for the purchase of books £136 15s 4d, making a total of £204 4s Id ; and the expenditure during the same period, £157 9s od. It, was decided to endeavor -to raiso funds for the erection of a stone front to the bnilding at a cost of about £600, by collecting subscriptions and issuing debentures. Tho circulation of the books belonging to ' the library, it was stated, had vory materially increased; and a sum of £76 15s Cd had been expended in the purchase of new works. Tho Rev. Mr Jackson was unanimously elected president, Mr Hugh R. Raid vice-president, and Mr R. R. Piper treasurer, for the onrrent year. 