THE CATHOLICS AND THE PUBLIC INSTRUCTION BILL. A general meeting of the Central Catholic Educa tion Committee was held in St. Francis's Hall, Elizabeth-street,- last evening, to return thanks to those members of the Legislature and of the. Press, who had so promptly and successfully resisted the attempt to enact the Education Bill, recently before Parliament. Tho Very Rev. Dean Fitzpatrick prosidod, and in opening tho proceedings, said: — ' Tho events of the past fortnight will, I think, present an iuterest ? ..1. ? 11.1. 1, nt Vw.tni.in Tl,n nttmnrit. to enact a law which if enacted and tolorated would have destroyed our religion, has been defeated. Your own energy, aided by honorable men, both in and out of Parliament, has caused tlio withdrawal of the Bill on Education. (Hear, hear.) Wo opposed that bill iu obedience to the dictates of conscience. It lias been withdrawn, but thero is a threat issued that the attompt will be renewed. It is oar duty to prepare to resist that nttempt by every means in our power. Wo ought to be thankful, that tho Constitu tion of Victoria, under whioh wo are governed, gives us legal means, amply sufficient, to resist any such attempt. We have used only legal means iu re sisting the last attempt, aud we have successfully done so. We havo no need to uso any but logal means to dofeat the next attempt, and we ore sure of success, (Hear, hear.) The purpose for which we meet to-night is to record our gratitude to tho honorable men — able and honorable — who have assisted us in defeating tho iniquitous attompt to enact a law which we could not obey without violating tho dictates of conscience. There are other purposes for which we have met, and which will be explained to you by the speakers who are to address you. (Applause.) Mr Duffy rose to move the first resolution. He said : — It is my duty to move a vote of thanks to Parliament, and the press, for the generous and cffoctual aid which they gave us in resisting an attempt to inlliet grievous injustice upon Catholics. The late Education Bill deliberately aimed to take j away the right which we havo enjoyed as long as the colony has existed, of instructing our children in accordance with our religious convictions. But this was what fair aud reasonable men would not endure; nnd from ono end to another of this country, in which, as far as I know, thero is not a single Catholic newspaper, the press pronounced that it must not be done. If there was a solitary journal in Victoria which accepted tho bill as embodying a system which might be adopted, without amendment, that exceptional journal has not fallen in my way. I do not remember any public transaction since I have been iu Australia which seems to me of happier augury for the future peace and welfare of this country than the promptness and generosity of the press in this matter. It illustrates the fine say ing of a Protestant friend of mine in a former can teat, when ho was told that the Catholics were a minority aud must necessarily bo beaten. 'No,' ho said, ' when the Catholics ask what is just and rea sonable, they will never be in a minority, for thoy will bo the Catholics plus every fair- minded man in tho community.' And so it has proved upon this occasion. As respects Parliament, we liavo reason to be, not only grateful, but proud of the character of the debate. It was distinguished by a firmness of tone and a fulness of knowledge worthy of so serious an issue. With our special views and opi nions ns Catholics very few men in Parliament sympathised ; and it is the more .honorable to them that they declared they would not permit- our conscientious convictions to be violated uuder form of law. The most galling nnd intolerable tyranny in human .history lias generally been at tempted to force men's conscience into uniformity with the sectarian convictions or interests o£ thoir rulers. Catholics have persecuted Protestants, and Protestants have persecuted Catholics, and the sects whom lilr Higinbotham expects to consolidate like so many acts sf Parliament, have persecuted each other till round in new JSqglaud and in old England too;' (ill. the world is weary ol this stupid and wicked work, aad will have none of it in I his virgin continent still free from the stain of martyr blood. Wise men un derstand that it is not by persecuting opinion you suppress it ; and mere worldly-wise men under stand quite as well that we may make our lives vastly uncomfortable by contests of this nature ; but that when we aro dead and gone there will be sects in the world, and in about tho same proportions as if we had sat still instead of taking bo much trouble to worry each other. For my own part, I will say that I am taking no now tone now suitable to the present occasion. During a public life of twenty-five years I have never, by thought, word or deed, sought any advantago for those with whom I was most closely connected by raco or religion which I was not prepared to extend to every other race or creed; but I have never silently assented, and I shall never assent to their being subjected to the slightest injustice because of their faith or country. In thanking those who have aided us, I will venture to take note of the excellent spirit exhibited by the Church of England. They were fighting their own battle, no doubt, not surs ; but the community owes a debt of gratitude to tho clergy of that church who have come beforo the public, and especially to its bishop, for the example they have set in conducting a great public coutraversy. Dr. Perry's letters on the subject are models of candor nnd courtesy; and although they contained pro positions in which we could not concur, they contained nothing of which wo had a right to com plain. We have reason to be content and grateful ou all hands, and I liopo there are none amongst us who will not be ns ready to uphold the rights of others, as others havo been to uphold ours. But I should bo sorry if we forgot either that we have prospered in this business because we put our own shoulders to the wheel. Only for the great meeting at St. Francis' Cathedral, I believe Mr Higia botham's bill would be now beforo the Upper Houso. Thero is always help for those wlio help them selves. It is wise to remember this, because Mr Higinbotham exhorts his friends to keep the ques tion beforo the public, aud intimates his intention of returning to it. I have no doubt he will return to it ; for whatever he may want it is not persistency or pluck. But, though ho is going to try again, I do not think, remembering the late cam paign, that we have any reason to be panic stricken at the announcement. And, though I do not fear the issue, I confess I fear the bad blood that will be begotten in such a contest. Mr Higinbotham will have for his nllies nil those who havo transplanted the secret conspiracies and ran corous bigotry of the old world to the new ; those who would not only deny us religious liberty, but deny us civil liberty if they could, nnd that is com panionship in which he can hardly feel comfortable. If I could'hope anything I said might have weight with him, I would venture to assure him that he is taking up a position which can never lead to prac tical legislation. If ho were willing, which he is not, and able, which he is not, to repeal tho Catholic Emancipation Act, that would be the logical pre liminary of setting up a systom for which no argument has been employed, wliich would not almost equally apply to defend tho maintenance of the Es tablished Church in Ireland. ' It only excites the opposition of priests, laymen care nothing about the matter and ' What practical liann does it inflict upon anyone?' I have heard said a hundred times about the Irish establishment, and this is just what Mr Higinbotham has to say in defence of his parochial religion. It is obvious aftor nil that has happened how he persists in the opinion that the Catholic laity, or a large proportion of them, do not see any objection to his scheme. There are six Catholic members in the Assembly, four of whom have habitually supported his Government, but the entire six were unanimous against his Education Bill. I should like to know how he reconciles a fact so significant as this with his hypothesis of lay approval. In another part of his speech he sug gests indeed, without positively stating, that those who object, accept their opinions from an ecclesiastical source. No doubt he would not apply this reproach to his Parliamentary supporters ; but some of us not sheltered by Parliamentary privilege may reason ably object, I think, to being regarded as mere pnppets, manceuvred by a string, and made kick and squeak at pleasure. I very much fear that Mr Higinbotham has been keeping somo bad company since he undertook to inquire into our educational system ; for ho lias given utterance to more than one opinion in respect to Catholics not in harmony with his character or intellect, and plainly derived from some vulgar and vicious source. It is my conviction that thero is much more interference with individual opinion by ecclesiastics among some of the denominations who support his bill than among either of those who have opposed it. I can speak confidently of my own experience. I havo been in this country more than eleven years, and I positively affirm that during that period no ecclesiastic of any rank or degree has ever inquired what side I was going to take upon any public question affecting this colony, except the question of state aid to religion ; and upon that question I felt it my duty to side against what is supposed to bo the ecclesiastical policy. I voted for the abolition of State aid. And I equally affirm that no ecclesiastic ever inquired what course I was going to take on any question external to the colony, except tho question of Italian independence, in respect to which I was much urged to join in a demonstration against the revolution, but I declined to do so, because, theugh I think justice and public policy equally require that Rome should be reserved to the Pope to securc liis independence, I was rejoiced to see the Austrians driven out of Italy, and the country givon up to its own people, and I would not sharo in any demonstration where the contrary sentiment seemed to prevail. Mr Higinbotham will not doubt, I think, that I am stating the literal truth ; and he can hardly consider my experience compatible with a system of ecclesiastical dictation. On the other fallacy, ' What harm does it inflict upon any one ?' Mr Higinbotham asks a most amazing question. It must be remembered that he lias declared in his closing speech ns strongly as in his opening one, that mere secular training is insufficient ; that you give uo education in the proper sense to a child if you do not givo religious training of some sort ; and that nearly all parents desire to havo their children receive religious training. Starting from these premises, he demands if Catholics find his re ligion without dogma so utterly worthless, how will their children suffer by not participating in it. ' It is provided,' he says, ' only for tlioso who think that it is of such a nature as to be worth participating in ; and how can anybody be injured by a scheme which allows them to receive the ad vantages of it, if they will receivo it, but who won't receive it, and who won't receive it because they think it worthless.' Why, Sir, they will be injured hocauso he proposes to permit it alone to be taught in the public sliools, and those who think it worth less will got no religious teaching whatever. Re ligious teaching, he declares indispensable : religious teaching he admits the parents of children desire, and then he inquires how anyone can be in jured, when he deprives them of it through the whole course of their education. I begin to think he ' has now fully realised to himself the practical result of his theory. Hitherto we have been in the habit of accepting the Attorney General's assumption that the religion taught under his system would be of n neutral kind, without dogma, and only objectionable for what it omitted, but after his last speech no one can continue of this opinion. He now declares that it is impossible to define what is a dogma. If no one can define dogma, I should like to know how he proposes to exclude dogmas from his religious teaching? Fnucy a notice in the new schools, ' Dogmas strictly pro hibited on these premises; for further particulars inquire of the Minister of Public Instruction, who does not know a dogma when he see one.' But ho has gone further than this, and realised to us by example the system he desires to establish. He I cited the practice in New York as exemplifying his design. The Scriptures to be read daily, in the authorised version of course, which ho no doubt knows was prepared with the sjiecific object of sus taining the points of doctrine upon wliisli Pro testants separated from the Catholic Church ; and hymns from Stemliold and Hopkins, no donbt, or of Kathum Tate, at the option of local committees. It ffns only this morning I rend a letter in the Argus, in which a Wcsleyan clergyman states that a minister of another sect objected to his reading Wesleyan liyrans in a Protestant denominational school ; but we are expected to regard the hymns of Protestant denominations n3 perfectly justifiable. If we proposed tho Douay version of the Bible and the hymns of the Roman Missal, I fancy even Mr Higinbotham would discover that it was possiblo to be sectarian even with the Word of God. What is tho difference between this system aud denominationalism inquired Mr Casey ; but he received no answer. He might have been told, indeed, that tiere was this difference — that instead of being denominationalism for each creed as hitherto, it was tho denominationalism of one church forced upon another. 1 renifrnber reading somewhere a story of a public festival at the public cost in n city where jews were numerous, at which au influential official exhibited; liifl' Christianity by. ordering all the dishes to be seasoned or garnished with bicon. I do not know what ho said for himself when the Jews repre sented that they had Divine authority, under the Mosaic dispensation, for rejecting tho flesh of swine, and that they would cease ts be Jews if they neglected theso ordinances ; but after my experience of Bendigo petitions and sectional deputations, I can fancy him saying, ' Why, gen tlemen, bacon is very wholesomo and succulent, and it is nonsence not to eat it. Most of our fellow citizens relish a rasher or a slice of ham ; and if we set up a special cookery for you, we will be making youra an established religion. Besides, no body forces yon to cat it ; ii is true you have helped to pay for it, but you can retire, if you choose, when tho dinner is put on the table.' It is a task suffi ciently important and sufficiently difficult to frame a system by which tho children who are to be our successors as citizens of this state may he effectually educated, to make one wish that we may all be permitted to apply ourselves to it without wasting our strength in barren struggles over pro jects which will and must coma to nothing. Not one of the socts which applaud the late bill would for n moment tolerate it if it created a Catholic con trol over their schools ; and this may bo well as sured, we will never tolerate it for a moment, be cause it purposes to create a complete Protestant, control over our schools. It was a wise saying of Lord Macaulay, that institutions wero made for men, not men for institutions ; and educa tional reformers will find it a more feasiblo task to accommodate their theories to the fixed and ineradicable convictions of men, than to cut and chop, and strain anil stretch mpu's convic tions to fit some powerful novelty like this project of Mr Higinbotham's — tho Royal Commission. In conclusion, I beg to propose the following resolu tion : — ' That we return our grateful thanks to the members of tho Legislative Assembly and the edi tors of tho public press, who so promptly and successfully resisted the attempt made in the late Education Bill to violate tho religious equality and outrage tho conscientious convictions of Catholics.' (Loud applause.) The Rev. W. Kelly seconded the resolution. Ho did not intend to trespass upon tho timo of the meeting. The resolution pledged them to return their thanks, sincere and heartful, to all those who had aided them in the Legislature, to tho public press, and to other friends, nnd he was sure the in vitation would bo unanimously and enthusiastically responded to. (Applause.) The claims of the '? Ca- tholics, he said, had enlisted the sympathy and ex cited the admiration of a very great proportion of tlio community, and such being the case, he did not think Catholics would lack support sufficient to re sist another attompt to thrust upon them a raeasuro similar to that which had been recently laid aside. But in order to securo friends, Catholics must be friends to themselves, and determine upon defending their just privileges at every cost and by every means which tho laws of God and man had placed at their diposal. Catholics must also organise, and then they would bo strong in opposition, and with the aid of the public press and their friends in Parliament aud out of Parliament, they could not fail to gain a victory. (Applause). Tho resolution was agreed to. Tho hon. Mr Mcitwrv, M.L.C., moved tho second resolution, as follows : — ' That any system of public instruction repugnant to our religious convictions will continue to meet with our decided hostility.' Ho thought tho resolution was so worded that it must neces sarily be adopted by the Catholic people at tho pre sent juncture of affairs. He agreed with what had been said by a former speaker, that the hon. Blr Higinbotham would avail himself of another oppor tunity of bringing beforo Parliament tho Education Bill. If so, Catholics must oppose tho attempt to mako it law by overy means in their power. Tho word hostility had been frequently mentioned, and when it was usod, they should consider what steps ought to be taken to organise their hostility. (Hear.) It had been frequently said that Catholics were not united, or at least, not so united as other bodies were in political matters. He did not much object to that, if it were true, because it showed that the people were independent and self-reliant. But political questions, whether in reference to freo trade or protection, qr the disposal of Crown lands, sank into insignificance whon placed in comparison with this all-important matter. They were bound, in Heaven's name, to be unanimous upon it. l Applause.) The others wero merely mush room questions — comd to-day and gone to morrow ; tbey wero ephemeral, but that which thoy were now considering was to tliem and succeeding generations of the highest im portance. If thoy new yielded in the slightest degree years mnst elapse beforo thoir rights would be restored to them ; therefore, he would ask the meeting whether thoy should not resist similar laws to those which their forefathers had suffered under. A3 regarded tho Protestants, he could assure them that the liberal and intelligent portion would never desert them ; in fact, he had not heard that one of them had attempted to dofend tho bill. Therofore Catholics should unite 011 such a vital question as this, resting assured that when tlio timo came they would not want the support of those who had already given them such substantial proofs of their friendship. (Applause). The Rev. Mr Barry seconded the motion, which was unanimously agreed to. Mr M. A. M'Donneli. moved — ' That it being desirable to exercise a most careful watchfulness over Catholic interests, in respect to Catholic in struction, the committee be requested to act per manently, and organise such appliances as are at their command for that pnrpose.' If, in the in struction of a youth, religion and secular knowledge were not taught together, that father would havo a difficult task, and that clergyman up-hill work, who afterwards attempted to direct his culture or endeavored to fashion a character for him. It had been stated that Catholics wero divided on this bill; he thought it should rather have been said that it had been the means of drawing them to gether. Mr F. Quinlan seconded the motion, which was put and carried. A vote of thanks to the Chairman was proposed by Mr P.J. Mamin, and unanimously agreed to, and the meeting then separated. Optical Ghosts. — For our first experiment take a hand looking- glass, and see your face in it ; then incline the bottom of the glass away from you till your face is quito lost, and then your body, or hand, if in the way, will appear plainly. You lose sight of the reflection of your face, because the angle of the rays from it which fall upon tho glass is such that tho resulting angle of reflection sends them away from you. You see your body, or hand, because the angle of their incident rays is such that tho resulting angle of reflection carries tho imago straight to your eyes. Old writers were well aware of the fact, that a plain mirror could be so arranged that a person looking at it should not seo himself, but see something else, which might bo behind a screen, aud quite out of his natural view. It' is, indeed, very easy to mako a looking-glass show you objects quite out of your line of vision, and one of the facets of a moderate-sized diamond will easily enable you to see by reflection any object in a room when you appear only to be looking at the finger that carries tho ring in which it is set. Having made a few experiments with the looking glass, take n pane of window-glass, or, what is better if you have it, a pieceof plate-glass, the surface of which is more true, and hold it upright on the table j near a window. A few inches in front of it place any small object on tho table ; a lady's cotton reel will do I extremely well. Stand upright with your back to the window, but leave room for the light to fall freely 011 the top of the reel. Look slantingly down at tho glass, and you will see the image of tho reel re flected by its surface, aud apparently as far behind as it really is before. Tlio top or. which the light falls will be brilliant, and the part that is in the shade will be reflected in shadow. Vary tho experi ment by placing a second reel, exactly like the first, as much behind the glass as the other is placed in front of it. You then havo two reels presented to your eye, one actual, and the other spectral, and you can, as Mr Dirclcs remarks of a similar case, so arrange the objects, and your position, that the image re flected from the surface of tho glass shall exactly correspond with the outlines of the real reel seen through the glass, If you put any small article on the top of the reel in front of the glass, or some one else puts a similar object ou the top of the reel behind the glass, the optical effect will be the same. Now make a third experiment. Put a box, or thick book, in front of you, so that you cannot see the reel, when placed 011 the table just under its edge. Then hold the glass a little way off, and upright as before, so that you see it from top to bottom. You may thou obtain a reflected image of the reel, which the book con ceals, and if a strong light were thrown upon it, tho image would be as sharp, distinct, and apparently, solid as leslity.-r-Inteilectaal Observer. ? 