MELBOURNE. (.rnoM oiiit own coitnusroNintnT.) Saturday, 9th Marcb. Tiie various accidents which occur in shapo of collisions, both on the watery highway nnd terra firma, respectively, generally give employ ment to the gentlemen of the long robe. To-day the Chief Justice and a jury of four sat at the Supreme Court, listening Jo die. evidence of the witnesses and the arguments of the counsel engaged in Nicholson and others v_j Boytl, in which the plaintiffs sought to recover L148 10sj as damages caused by the collision between the Pilot schooner, Proserpine,' and the schooner Lndy Don outside the Iio'ads, on'1st August. As usual in these kind of cases the evidence was most contradictory, some experts alleging in their evidence that had the ('oreshect of one vessel been hauled to windward or to leeward, or had the proper lights been shown by the other, &c;, the accident would not have occurred. The jury, after some consideration of the technical evidence submitted and the arguments of counsel, found for the defendant, in spite of his Honor's summing up, which was certainly in favor of the plaintiffs' case.' : The Exhibition Building will, so far as its ori ginal intention is concerned; soon be out of use; but, I believe, it will yet be turned to a beneficial purpose. It is, I believe, in contemplation to entertain the representatives of the sister colonies in the building, and yesterday afternoon a pre liminary .meeting was held, at which the repre sentatives of the' several municipal charitable institutions were present, to consider the proposal ofMrC. E. Horsley, for a series of musical per^ formances for six nights, the mirplus over a pro posed sum to meet the expenses to be divided pro rata among the various institutions. Mr O'Qrndy; M.L.A, was in the chair, nnd, after discussion of the merits of the proposal, Mr Ilorsley's offer wasi accepted, nnd -the meeting pledged itself to do all in its power, collectively and individually, to make the affair a success. The use of the build ing has been secured for the above purpose, and the preliminaries will soon be arranged, and the programmes before the public. Mr Maxwell Brown is giving, at the Varieties, the Indian Basket Trick and the *" Magic growth of Flowers," a feat in which a pot filled with earth is suddenly and without human nid filled with flowers. After careful watching of the affair I feel satisfied th .t it is an optical dolusion, some thing like but an .improvement on the " Pepper Ghost," the effect being produced by mirrors as in that, deception. Whether my view ot the case be right or wrong, the deception, whether by the means I suggest or by jugglery, is very cleverly effected. . - -- A rather singular instance of how a telegraphic message is capable of being entirely altered in its sense by the leaving out of an important word or the transposition of a sentence, occurs in the tele graphic news (by the last mail), in the New Zealand Aduertiser of Friday, 22nd February, accredited to the Sydney Morning Herald, in which it is stated, under the head of China, that " II.M. ships Palinas and Jnmes were destroyed by a large number of pirate junks, the crews being driven into the interior." As'tlio news of this reverse to the Hritish arms is peculiar to the New Zealand Advertiser, and no mention has been made of any movement to rescue " the crews driven into the interior," I am inclined to believe that the paragraph should have read "A large number of pirate junks h/ive been destroyed by H.'M. ships Palmas and James, and their crews driven into the interior.".; . . Some weeks since a child was poisoned at Emerald Ilill by an overdose of narcotic medi cine, and the verdict of the Coroner's Jury was to that effect; but nothing further came of it at that time. The police, however, acting upon instructions, have commeuccd-a criminal prosecu tion against a young man named Nicole, the assistant to Mr Baker' the chemist at whose shop the-prescription was made up, and he was to-day brought before the Emerald 11111 Bench on a charge of manslaughter. The evidence showed that' the prescription consisted of carbonate of soda and Dover's powder, the latter containing a certain proportion of opium, and that the assistant, in the absence of his employer, by mistake, gave thut in one dose which was meant for ..four. Mr Baker said -that translating the prescription literally he should have done as thfi young man Nicole had done ; but that from his experience he should liavg'.'kuow .1 the dose was too much for a child of thai age. iThe prescription was alleged to havo been very illegibly writtea by Dr Mac gregor, who, however,' averred that it was quite plainly written,-and that he;wrote it in the pre sence of Dr Motherwell, and read it over to him before sending it. The inquiry was further ad journed till Wednesday next in order to procure the presence of- Dr -Motherwell. Whatever may be the result of the inquiry it will at least show both medical men and dispensers that some little cjto is necessary in the preparation of prescrip tions, and that children are not to be poisoned with impunity^ The Underley, from Liverpool, arrived yester day evening, with 235 of Miss Rye's female emigrants who have arrived, and have been landed and located at the Emigration Depot. I under stand that, speaking commercially, the consign ment is of a very superior quality. The libel case " Pearson v the Proprietors of the Australasian" was resumed this morning. Mr Ireland finished his address for the defenco yesterday afternoon, and to-day called his wit nesses. Their evidence went to show that there existed some foundation for the assertions con tained in the alleged libel, inasmuch as Mr Pear son acted in rather a peculiar manner in having the handicap framed, seeiuir that his own horses were entered for the Gippstand Cup. One of the defendants in the action, Mr Mackinnou, was placed in the box, and stated the circumstances under which he wrote the apology to Mr Pearson. The case was not concluded until a late hour, and terminated in a verdict for the defendants, with costs. , 