Town Talk and Table Chat. Mr and Mbs Case gave their final en tertainment here, on Thursday evening, for the benefit of the Free and Industrial School Association. As rain began to fall just about the time to prepare for .it tending this performance thu number present was rather limited The firat nioffi was 'Tim Loat Partv.' ill which Mrs Case sustained the characters of ' Mrs Major Buster,' ' Sprouts,' 'Mrs Siddous Uraves,' 'John Wangles,' ' Troubles,' and ' Miss Polyphemia Scroggins,' with her usual ability Mr Case explained the mystery of the Protean Cabinet to the entire satisfaction of the audience, but we are not at liberty to publish the secret, beyond stating thut it isau optical illusion, on the principle of Professor Pepper the inventor of the celebrated ghost, nnd similar illusions. Mrs Case again person ated the popular Mr Sims Reeves and sang in his imlished style — ' (jood bye Sweetheart. Good bye' and 'Come into the Garden Maud ' The entertainment was concluded with Mrs Case appearing as ' Romeo Guffin ' the broken dowru iictor in which character she uaug the ever popular sung ' The German Band.' Mrs Case in taking leave of the people of Lauuueston said she was about soon to return to dear old England aud would ever remember with gratitude tbe liberal patronage aud kind friends she had met with here. Mr aud Mrs Case were to give their final entetaiumeiit at Westbury yes terday evening, and will perform for the 1 ist time in the colony at Deloraiue this evening, as they are to leave Tasmania by the steamer 'Tasmania' on Monday afternoon. Tug attention of tbe magistrates at the Police-court, Geelong, was occupied for a considerable time on Tuesday week, in hearing a case for maintenance brought by a wife against her Uusbaud named Wade. The parties were married in a public house iu Lauucestou in L653 by the Rev Mr Dowliug, the certificate shown in court being simply a receipt for the marriage fees. They had lived unhappily for some considerable time in the colony, and the wife left in conseouetice.as alleged. of the husband cohabiting with another person On leaving it was agreed that she should be allowed £1 per week, which was paid till September last, when it ceased. Tbe disclosures revealed a pain ful state of family matters. The Bench dismissed the case, there being no proof of desertion. The Annual Licensing Meetings will be held on Monday next. Amongst the applications is one from Mr Alfred Stephen Harris for a license to the house at tbe corner of Bathurst and York-streets, formerly 'Lamb and Flag.' Mr Hely intends to alter the designation of ' I'he Ship Inn,' Wharf, to that of ' The Duke of Edinburgh,' and Mr Walter Harris in tends to alter the title of his uew premises at the coruer of Charles and I'atterson afrnnra Fn\m ' Thfl Turf I-Tnr.pl' fn ** Thfl Plough Inn.' Mr W. F. Green applies for a. license for ' The London Tavern,' St. John and Cameron streets, aud Mr Robert Fox Mitchell for a license for ' The O'Connell Inn,' Wellington and Fraiik land streets. Mr Robert Pearson applies for a license to'Th» Club Hotel,' and renewal of Ilia liceuseto tbe ' Club Tup.' Mr W. B. Harris retires from ' The New stead Inn'1 to his former house, ' The Prince of Wales,' Wellington aud York streets, and Air W. U. Meuce has applied for a lieetiBe for ' The Newstead Inn.' Mr Henry Walboum applies for a license for ' The Butchers' Arms,' Bathurst strcct, and Captain Hughes applies for a packet license for the steamer ' Percy.' Sermons on behalf of the Prince's Square Congregational .Sunday School will be preached in the Chapel to-morrow ; service to commence at 11 in the morn ing and at half- past six in the evening. On Tuesday evening a public tea meet ing will be held iu the schoolroom to commence at half-past six o'clock. Ad dresses will be delivered by various ministers and f heads. IjMJncbston FnurrGaowEBs' Associa tion.— The shipping agents annual report of this Association shews an increase ia the shipmeuts of soft fruits, but a con siderable decrease in apples. This is attributed tu the failure of tho crops last season. By advertisement we see it is requested that shippers should have their fruit at the ugeul's office an hour before each steamer leaves the wharf. We are informed that this is desirable, to prevent a recurrence of having fruit put on board too late to allow time to fill in aud cheque invoices. Madame Cbleute bBB received a very handsome letter from the Hon. Elliott Yotke, equerry to U.R.H. the Duke ot Edinburgh, in which tbat gentleman, after remindioir Madame of their acquaintance ship in Loadon, states that His Royal Highness desired tbat tbe theatre in which she was playing hhould be under his patronage, and that he hoped to visit tbe house upon more than one occasion during hit stay in Victoria. A woman of very low character, named Ann Goatly, was reecntly arrested at Sale on tbe charge ol' stealing a £5-note from s Chinaman. On being searched, deposit receipts of the Bank of Victoria tor various sums of money, amounting in tbe aggregate to £110, besides lour £1 notes and some silver, were lbund in her possession. Mrs O'Neil, formerly Miss Anna Maria Qainu, surrendered to tho Mel bourne Polico on the 21st instant. Mrs O'Neil came overland from Sydney, to which city she had been folio wed by detective Dyer, of Hokitika, and she assumed tho name of tilniore, and the distinctive dress of a widow. She was liberated on finding bail in £400, and was to appear at the police court on the 29th to answer a charge of larceucy. Amusement op Magpies— A pair of magpies, which have for some time past haunted tbe trees on the road side between Brownsvale Bridge and Coach and Horses Hotel, on the way to Piggoreet, have lately become so audacious that they will scarce ly allow any one to pass without attack ; those who have occasion to traverse tho road frequently, such as the mailboy and others, being eich compelled to carry a branch of a tree to defend himself The liallamt Star relates that ' on Monday morning tho birds carried their excesses* further tlian their previous freaks of knock ing off a hat or dealing a blow with their wings ; for as Mr Henry Dyson, pust masier, Piggoreet, was riding past on hurst-back ou his way to Smytbesdale, one of the magpies attacked him aud drove its beak right through his straw hat, cutting him on the temple iu two different places,, causing blood to flow.' 