DREADFUL TRAGEDY AT - SOFALA. ( Correspondence of the Bathurst Times.) On Christmas Eve, about 10 o'clock, our usually quiet town was thrown into a state of excitement, by the report that murder and suicide bad been committed by a man, by cutting his wife's aud his own throat. The report only proved to be too true, and a more ghastly and revolting sight could not be imagined than the one that met the eyes of the people running to the spot, where a man lay in the road with his throat cut from ear to ear, and, in a house close by, a woman in a similar state. A magisterial iuquiry was held yesterday morning, by H. Bridson, Esq., P.M., when the following particulars were as- certained : — A man named Robert Corff had some dis agreement with his wife aod her parents, aud, by the advice and interference of tho latter, the wife refused to live with the husband, but both were nevertheless in the habit of meeting, occasionally, on the bank of the river, near the residence of tho wife's parents. On Christ mas Eve Robert Corff was seen sitting with his wife, near tho house, when the cries of tho buby, that was witli tho mother, wcro beard by a younger brother of the wife, who, coming to the spot, discovered Mary Corff lying on her side, with her throat cut, and Robert Corff on his hands and knees The boy immediately made kuowu what ho had seen, and the pour woman was removed to her parents' houso, where both Dr. Iliuton and Dr. Walker were in immediate attendance, but both doctors declared the cae hopeless, and the poor woman died within the hour. Sergeant Casey found tlio man lying dead in the road, with his throat cut from ear to ear and a razor in his hand. It is most extraor dinary how such a deed could he committed within a few yards of a public-house, stores, arid -private robideuces in the town, on such on eyeuiug, when so many people were walking ubot, without drawing tho attention of somo people near the spot. Since tho nbovo was in typo, wo have re ceived a copy of tho evidence taken at the uibgisterial inquiry, which wo subjoin : — «ldhn M'Guiness, juuior, beiug duly sworn, said J I am son of John M'Guiness, of Sofuln. I luivo seen the body now lying in the old lock-ppj I identify it us the body of Robert Cirfif,' who was married to my sister Mary. I eiw tho deceased alive last night, about 10 , o'cLok; he was talking to his wife, my sister. I was standiog with my mother at our own door.; They were on the hunk of the river,, ncn Anderson's public-house, and distant from our houso about thirty yards. I heard mother 6ay to my sister, " Mary, arc you coining home —it is bed-timo ?" My sister said, " Yos, mother." Iu a few minutes' timo I heard the littlo boy my sister had with her scream, and mother said to me, "Bun down, John, then1 is Robert beating Mary." I ran down at once, and found my sister lying on her side, j I saw that her throat was cut, and that bloodwas running out of tho wound. The decen/cd was on his hands and knees; his throat' ivau also cut, and I saw the blood pour ing oit of his neck. Ho had an open razor in li ia right hand. My sister's baby was lying/under tho deceased, and was covered with blood I picked it up, and called out, "Mtthcr, Bob has cut Mary's throat and his own too." I ran awuv, and gave the child to eoinobody, and then went for the police. I knew that my sister and deceased wore not living happily together. John Myers, being duly sworn, said as fol lows: I am in the employ of Mr. Sumed, at the Two Mile Creek. I have seen the body in the old lock up. I idjeutify it as tho body of Robert Corff, who was also in Mr. Swecd's employ. Yesterday deceased and I were working at haymaking together. Deceased went to his dinner about noon, and did not return to his work until 4 o'clock iu tho aftor- noou. I said to him, " Where havo you been, Bob?" He said, " Writing." Deceased came in with me from tho Two Mile Creek to Sofala last night about 8 o'clock, lie changed a cheque for £1 at Mrs. Flynn's public-houao. We had two nobblcrs together. About half- past 8 or 9 o'clock deceased said, " I have an appoiutment to meet my wife; I must go." Ho was then quite sober. When ho was going away he said, " If I could get my wife to come dowu and have a dance, I should be a happy man." On the way, coming in from the Two Mile Creek, deceased said to me that last Saturday night his wife had refused to wash a shirt for hirn. He seemed very much put out about it, but said he did not blame iior so much as he did the old people, her parents. Walter Cassels Casey, being sworn, said: I am a sergeant iu the police force stationed at Sofala. Last night, about 10 o'clock, I was on duty in the town. I was standing at the corner of Denison and Davis street?. I saw a disturbance in tbo direction of Anderson's public-house. I at once went over. As I passed some one said, " Sergeant, there has been murder committed on the river." As I went down the back of the river, I met Mr. and Mrs. McGuinnoss, and another man carry ing a woman whose clothes were covered with blood. Mrs. McGuiness said, " Ob, he has murdered my poor girl." I said, " Where is he?" She answered, "In the river." I went down to the river, and found deceased lying on his back. Ho had a razor open iu his hand. HiB head was nearly out off, and blood was running froth tho wound in spurts. I put my hand under bis shirt, and felt his heart beat several times. He died almost im mediately. The distance from whero I was standing to where I found the deceased, is not over forty yards. I at ouce sent for a surgeon, and left the body in charge of constable McLoay. I went over to Mr. McGuincss's house, where I saw Mrs. Corff lying on the floor. Her throat was cut, and I heard Dr. Walker say sho could not recover. I had the body of the deceased man removed to the lock-up. On searching the pockets, I found the letter I now produce, addressed to Mr. Walford, Sofala. I took it to Mr. Walford, who told me to open and read it. I did so. I now produce the letter: — " To Mr Walford, Sofala. " 24th December, 18GG. " Dear Sir, — I have come to the conclusion to depart this life, as my cruel wife will live with me no more, and I cannot live without her, she is my life, my light. I took my dirty shirt to her to get it washed. She told me she could not wash it, so then I said ' Oh ! the old people have been putting something in your head'— no answer — ' Well then/ said I, ' take it and mend the slcere, and I will wash it myself.' She said sho could not, so I throwed it at her. She told ino to come to her no more, but to send my money by any body. Well, it grieved me to the heart. I tlicn said 1 My dear, I will como to-morrow night and bring you a cheque for one pound for tho last time.' I kept my cheque from her to see how things would go. Oh my God ! Look down on my poor little innocent chil dren 1 My wife told mo sho would go - to ser vice, as the old people would keep the chil dren. I said, ' You shan't go.' She says, ' I will, aud you cannot stop me.' So I thought I would stop her. It is her parents' doing, and so they must abide by the conse quences. God bless my children aud keep them from all danger, and never let them know what became of their parents. Mr. Walford, bo kind enough, dear sir, to put my children in the Orphan School, and lay inc and my dear wife side by side. I love licr, I adore her, T care for nothing but her, and I cannot leave her with that bad woman. O ! good Lord have mercy on our poor souls, as we have passed our days in Thy fear, so I hope we may cud them in Thy favour, aud rejoice with Thee forever in Thy Heavenly Kingdom through Jesus Christ our Lord and only Suviour, who with Theo and the Holy Ghost livcth and reiguetb One God world without end. Aincn. Farewell! Farewell for ever; Farewell ! "Robert and. Mary Corff" I also found a ruzor ease in tne trousers pocket. I produce tho razor I found in de ceased's baud. It is covered with blood. On the handle is scratched " U. Corff." Westby Walker, on oath, said : I am a duly qualified medical practitioner, residing at Sofala. Last night I was called on by scrgeaut Casey, to sco the body of a man lying on the road near Anderson's public- house. I have seen the body now in the old loclc-up. It is the same. I hove made a care ful examination of the body. I find that the throat has been cut almost from ear to ear. AU the principal blood vessels have been di vided ; also the windpipe is cut through iu two places. I believe there have been three cuts made Such a wound would cause death in two or three minutes. Frum the evidence I have heard, and also from tho direction of the wounds, I am of opinion that it has been a caso of the most determined suicide. Somewhat similar evidence was given at tho inquiry ou tho body of Mary Corff, aged 19 years. 