t-Tfjc ¿ryünejL) iflomtng peíalo. MONDAY, OCTOBKIÍ 21, 1807. We have no intention to review the decision ¡it which the jurv arrived in the case of Webb v. "Wilton and another. The plaintiff has for- given the defendants their debt, and his generosity will be attributed to his fears. He has, however, done well. The quarrels which arise in small towns are often very unintelligible, as well as uninteresting to those at a distance. When we read in the local journals, where there is an opposition of interest, representations of high colour, we always receive them with doubt. People who compete in trade, or , who are ambitious of municipal authority, see each other through a medium not held by indifferent ' specta- tors ; and thus the tone and style of criticism which conduct, apparently not very important one way or the other, awakens, looks like a gross exaggeration. "When, how- ever, we tura with a judicial eye upon con- troversies of this kind, it is impossible to dismiss them so readily. It is in the power of any set of men who have command of the Press to render a neighbour very unhappy. Every incident of his life will bear some distortion, however innocent in itself. There is nothing he can say or do but will afford an opportunity to those who desire his humiliation to lower him m the talk of unreflecting people It is verytiue that thorough character rises above the leach of reproach But this is a work oí j ears , and all men do not live to enjoj the serene satisfaction of overcoming their enemies bj silence, and constraining the confidence of then neighbours by the un- disputed superiority of their career We do not see what public advantage is derived from allowing people who possess tue command of types to do with them just what the) please It is all very line to speak oi public chaiactei as a fair subject of criticism So it is but it is easy enough to make this criticism most painful in pnv ate life and unless there be some justification for reite- rated attack w e do not know that any man is boand to permit his household to be tormented, and his own mind haiassed bj unprovoked abuse Ii he appeals to a jury of his country- men, and the) are honest men and hee from part) prepossession, the) will not allow impunity to conduct which can onl) be borne b) those who are far above or far bolow the influence of such reproaches "We _ee in countries wheie there is no practical redress, and v íolence is the order of the day, that the Press is nevertheless under ver) severe and effective censorship, but this onl) is exercised b) persons who hav e their pistols in their pocket, and who often belong to that class which it would be a public service to e\pose In fact, wherever there is no remedy for what is tclt to be a course of opprescion and injustice, people will seek, in unauthorised and illegal forms, foi that vengeance which continual nritation must pio voke, er they will retire into their own cueles with a contemptuous disiegard of all outside it Ihe appeals made m oehalf of the defendants in this action v ere founded upon the fact that the) have made ovei then propert) foi the benefit of then general creditors, and have left the phmtiff without resouice The decision of the majont) of the Judges, although not con- sistent with the judgment of Su A Siliiiln, was precisely that which we alvva)s under- stood was the inteipretation of the law namely, that those who cannot pay in purse shall p*iy m person for libel It is clear that if no such recourse could be had, a man of shaw would be the representative of all the virulence and calumny of his neighbours, and would de- cíale himself insolvent ever) day in the week, ii necessary, to escape the consequences of his conduct. As to apologies, there is a false pride which induces men in certain positions to persev ere in the wrong the) have done, and to expect from the applause ot thoughtless people, who would not give them one sixpence foi any useful pinpose, the reward of then obstinac) On the other hand, it ought to be íemembered bj a plaintiff that the acknowledgment of a wrong would be a mere act of h)pocns) with those who are the represéntate es of a part) who make that w rong their boast It ma) be, from some perver- sion of the rand, a vei) difficult thing for a libelle*- to unsay all he has said, and to ask for clemencj m the language of confession All these things are of little value, and a plaintiff will lose little in the estimation of the public bv allowing the defendant to retain without acknowledgment the belief that he is right We presume the lesson will not be lost upon the proprietoi and printer of the journal in question Ihe last appears not to have been personal!) concerned in the libel, but J involved, as of course it is right he should be, in the responsibility of its publication. The movement made in the House by Mr. Samui:i" upon what he deemed to be the hard- ship ol' this case, should not mislead our legis- lators, 'ibero m».y be a proper limit (o respon- sibility which we have not fixed. There may be a time when the parly imprisoned should obtain a discharge, certainly not fr»m the debt, although fiom the imprisonment. If otherwise, the whole process by which a remedy is sought is a a mere mockery and illusion; and the eifert of the lnw of libel would be to punish the party injured by heavy costs, and to allow the person committing the injury to go entirely free. Such an alteration in the law would surely be inconsistent with good order, and quite unneces- sary for the proper protection of the Tress. We wish to see the Press enjoy fair freedom. Ihe law, as it now stands, if honestly administered, is a just law. It is left to a jury to decide whether the libel in question is true, and whether it was for the public good. These two points being made out, the publisher is entitled to a verdict. No doubt, as our juries are constituted, there have been atrocious verdicts, such as no honest man can look upon except with a feeling approach- ing to horror. But the evil and the good must be taken together; and though interested as much ' as any in the freedom of the Press, we have no desire to liberate it from fair restraints. The question may, indeed, fairly arise whether the truth of a libel shall not in itself be its justification, where malice cannot be assumed ; 'b\it, in any alteration giving this aspect of the law, it will be necessary to guard against the wretches who make a threat of libel a means of exacting money from those who are loo sensitive, or whose past history has its flaws. Nothing is more useful than the Press Conducted by men of like passions, it is, of course, liable to excesses This should not be pursued vindictively by the public, but every allowance made for mistakes which belong to the profession But the higher and the purer our íeputation, the more it provokes insult from certain minds lo see their neighbours who rc-pect themselves rolled in the mud of defa- mation is the toy of the wicked Nothing escupes the vnulence of such beings Lnghsli «ocicty has usually protected women from tttack as a common interest, as well as an act of justice, but they aie not ihvays safe from intrusion 'Iheie is every wheie " the boy Joms " to crouch at the door mat of a lady's drawing-room, or cieep into the bed chamber of a queen Anything like manliness in the public will assuredly put such things down Tml British Gov ernment has to do with a fanatic ii Ihlohori, limpeior of Abyssinia-with a hum >i ho leads out to slaughter hecatombs of victims in the name of the Father, Son, and Holy Ghost We need not, therefore, be sur- prised or startled by eccentricities and peculi- arities of conduct He is not the only ruler who ha«- donc «ueh deeds, even in modern times, but his offence is recent, and he has chosen to exercise his powers upon r,nghshmen, -notably upon Captain Cwilro-n, her Britannic Majesty 's Consul in Aby ssmia, upon missionaries of the London Society for promoting Chnstianity amongst the Jews, and several other British subjects and persons connected with British Mibsionai) Societies-men women, and children We venture upon a few words re- specting Ah) ssinia and hei King w hich ma) be received m explanation of the events that have taken place 1 ew people know more about Ab) ssinia than Brtjci hab told them lhe once poweiful Christian Lmpne of Ethiopia has obtained but little attention from the civilised world since the commencement of its decay about three hundred )ears ago lhe past is now the onl) so iree of comfort and pride to tht in' -Infants oi this land, foi the 'lmks have cut them off from the seaboaid on the east, and the armies of Eg)pt ne steilmg awi) tem . toi) and sowing discord in the northern and western boundaries, while from the South nave advanced pagan tubes who have overrun the lertile provinces, and saturated the tountr) with blood lhe historians ol the kingdom point with exultation to a long tram of heieihtar) monarchs claiming descent fiom Solomon, Kint, of Israel, and the Queen of Sheba-kmtfs who gave then adheitnce to the truths ot the Christian faith As the empire became weak ened and debased, it was no longer possible for one hand to grasp and manage the reins of State lhe sovereign power was divided and though an Imperial title was maintained, the sham invested with it was subject to the will of an) of the vi/iers of the several provinces who were powerful enough, or craft) enough, to checkmate the others and wield the sceptre under the crown of the imprisoned monarch 1 01 the past centur), this sceptie, analogous to the champion belt, has been held by the chiefs of the southern tribes In 1853, however, there arose a ruler who quickl) col lected the divided foi ces of the eountr) into his own hands, and stiuck older out oi anarch) Ihibman, D*dtaij Kass vi, regarding himself as the minister of Heav en, assumed lnfalhbüit) tor his thoughts and his actions , and, conceiv ing himselt to be sent expressly to restore the ancient glories of Ethiopia to that fallen tountr), laid his plans with clearness, executed them without hesitation, and met that success over the disorganized forces of his rivals, which always attends clear and decisive action. He was young, vigorous, of striking and command- ing appearance, a favourite with his soldiers, ] and never afraid to enforce discipline even in a season of weakness. For some years his object was concealed ; but when he had become invested with power as Governor, under Ras Ali, of the provinces near Sennaar, he un- furled the banner of rebellion, and unsheathed a flashing, biting sword against the ranks that advanced to recall him to his allegiance. Discovering that he had made a mistake in bursting forth a little before i the time was ripe, he found it an easy matter, by means of a deceitful explanation, to return to the Court lie had left. Has Ali was glad to avail himself of his powers against the Shankalas or Arabs of the low countries. Dud j aim Kassai hardened and disciplined his soldiers in this camp ; and then, when warned by his star that the season of revolt was come, he threw off the I mask a second time, met the overwhelming armies that were thrown against him by the deceived vizier, who only escaped capture by flightjat the close of a final combat. By subse- quent victories over Dedjat.t Ubye he united the whole of Northern Abyssinia under his authority, and] was crowned by the Abuna, Abba Salama, a Coptic Bishop, under the title of Thlodohus, King of Kings of Ethiopia, in the church of Deráskye, which Ubye had built for his own coronation. Immediately after he had been crowned, the Emperor marched upon Gondar, the capital, and there commanded it to be proclaimed, that if anyone should again speak of Deiwat.i Kassai, lie should die the death of a traitor. It may be well to observe thal the naiMe he assumed was tluJt of one of lhe emly Abyssinian Emperors, who» was, and piobably tfil! is, expected to reappear as the heiald of a goldern era-a sort of millennium. '1 his second Tiiloj»<v¡ík was .supposed by the people gencially to be waiulonng about Jemsakm, iciidy to " turn up " at the proper time ; and theie perhaps is some colour in the report that although the anticipated King was to come from the er.bl, while Kassai came fiom the north-west, he might consider himself the Tin odorl of prophecy, or find it piofitable lo appear in his shoes. In this he would be doing nothing more, at all events, than the son of lils vanquished rival Uiivk, who sought to impose upon the people, in the same manner, at the very same time. Think what we may of Tin otioiti al the present time, there can be no doubt that he accomplished the great worlc of breaking the power of the feudal chiefs of Abyssinia in a suiprisingly shoit space of time, and lollowed up this achievement by domestic ic-foims tlul impress one with considerable respect for the man. Her Biitannic Ma.tksiy's Consul in Abyssinia, Mi Piovvdin, reporting to his chief, the 1 arl of Ci mundoo, on the 25th June, 1855, gives a very florid descnption of his Majestv He says of him ' When roused, his writh is terrible and all tremble, but at all moments he possesses a peifcct self command Indefatigable in business, he takes little repose night oi day his ideas and language are clear and pi case hesitation is not known to him, and he li is neither counsellors noi go betvvtens lie is fond of splendour, and receives in state even on a campaign He is unsparing in punishment \- very necessary to restrain disorder, and to restore order in such a wilderness is Abys sima Ile salutes his me mest subjects with courtesy , is sincerely though often mis tiikenly, lehgious, and will acknowledge a fault committed towards his poorest follower in a moment of passion with sincerity and giace * x * His faith is si^nt 1 \\\ ithout Christ he snys, I am nothing if he has destined me to purify and reform this distracted kingdom with His tid who shall slay me nay, sometimes he is on the point of not cann<> for human assistance at all, and this is one íeason why he will not seek with much tvulity (or assistance for in ilhance with 1 ni ope Hie worst points in his chaiacter arc his violent angel at times, his unyielding piule is regards his kingly and divine right, and his funatical religious /cal " Here, too, we behold a íulcr who established a standing anny with regular pav, to whom the peosantiy looked not with terror, but with comfort, who declared that the end of war was peace and prosperity to the country who instituted a reform in dress, substituting for nature's costume the decent lobes of Givihsed life, who showed himself to ti e country as the husband of one wlfeformally espoused, and the advocate of pure morals, who instituted the administrition of justice, who substituted postal for oral com munication, and proclaimed the pnv liege ol all foreigners to exercne their religion AU this was saul of Tiri odokl in 18Û.Î. We are now neal the close of 1867. Eleven )ears may make a vast difference, either for better or for worse. So long as all went well the refoims prospered, but when treacher) thwarted his movements, and disap- pointment clouded his prospects, when he discoveied a w?ant of concurrence between the promises and the performances oi loreign States, the violence of his nature asseitcd its ascendency. Finding that the mil- lennium would not came on, in obedience to his peaceful institutes and Ins w tr like exploits, and that the vvoild rather snubbed his Mau siv than extolltd his deeds lie seems to have tinned upon his own work» with a bitter fur) of disappointment, and battered down what he bael built up lhe wheels of his cannon are now inscribed with these words-" lui odosius nu Scourgi." Instead ot a regularl) paid arm), the soldiers arc instructed to satisfy their own wants under the general order " Eat up ever) thing " Something of course remains to be said m explanation of this change, and the effects it is hkel) to have upon Tiuiodorl ami his kingdom Iiif Komi Svdnkv \acht Suvauhon-In accord- ance with tbo practico of the yacht clubs of tho mother ipIo. the U S "i Club opened tho season of 1867-8 with an ojíenme trip on Saturday last Iho rendezvous was m 1- arm Cove, and at tbo appointed hour (10 30 a m ), the Ella, fljing Commodore Dangar', pennant, \nrif_, Vice Commodore Parburj , "Vivid, Mr. Burt, Pert, Mr Joseph- ton , Haidee, Mr Wilshire , Misohief, Mr. Jackson , Viwenno, Mr, Gilchrist, Nereid, Mossrs Fairfax und Lassetter, Why-not, Mr Want, lone, Mr. Roes , and the Gitana, were at their stations. About 11 o'olock the fleet got under way, nud, beaded by the Commodore, stood up the harbour with a moderato broe/o from the S W , wbioh soon after shiftüd round to N.W Off Dawes Point, Whj-not carried away her throat halliards and was placed liort de combat On nearing Goat Island tbo signal wag made to form lino abreast tbo flagship being nearest the North Shoro and in close order the squadron ran down, or rather drifted, to Kirribilli. Off Farm Cove orders were given to make more sail, tho Ella Bent up hor gafftopeail, the other védsela followed suit, and immediately after a breeze sprang up from tbo south-cast, shifted to the east, and froshenod. Now life seemed imparted to all engaged in tho day's sport, and right merril} tbo yachts heeled over to it, and duneed along to Malcolm's Point, and then went about. After standing down to Shark Island, shoots wore cased off, and soon after Doubla Bay saw the squadron coming to anchor This dono, dingles w ero in requisition, as tbo worthy Commodore had doterminod to give due eclat to the occasion by inviting the members and several other gentlemen to lunch at his rosidonco An elegant dejeuner was providod, to which about fifty sat down Commodore Dangar presided, having on his right hiB excellency Sir John Young, and on his left Commodore Lambert, of H M S Challengor. 'Iho sea air eecuied to give additional zest to tho almost interminable array of viands, and these having boon dono justice to, tho chairman proposod " The health of her Majesty the Queen " The toast was duly honoured, and tho chairunn then gave " The health of his Excellency Sir John Young," in doing eo, Mr. Dangar exprossod regret that ft probably waa the last tims tho Club would be honoured by tlio proeonco of his Excellency, who, although not a yachtsman, had done much to further tbo in terse ta of the It. S Y. C. The toast was enthusias- tically received, and his Excellency in responding expressed his thanks for the warm manner in which the toast had been honoured, and in eloquent terms referred to the lovo of out door sports which, with other institutions peculiar to England, wero fos- tered wherever Enghshmon wero found He considered that rifle-shooting and yachting, though apparently mero pleasure, conduced to higher endB, the defence of their country. His Excellenoy concluded by proposing " Suc- cess to tbe Koyal Sydney Yacht Club," which having been drunk, the company retired, and in a few minutes tbo squadron waa again under way. On leaving Double Bay they stood away for Dawes Point, there formed lino and beat down the barbour, tbe larger Yossels keeping their position admirably, but somo of the others were tbrougbout the whole day distinguished for their efforts to keep all behind. About 3 o'olock, Bradloy's was reached, and as the wind was dying out, and a squall seemed brewing in the weat, tho signal to port was given One by ono the vessels passed tho flagship, paid the usual salute, and sought their moorings The only new boats out wero the Pert, and lone. The former was built by Gardiner, with hiB usual raking mast and long keel, a roomy craft, apparently very buoyant, and able to carry any amount oi canvas. The lone, launched from Langford'», for Mr. Robs, a fow weeks ago, seems a regular littlo clipper, with beautiful linos, and though at present untried, wo may hazard an opinion that any third class yacht in tbo harbuur will find something to do to prevent her îarrj mg jlf a fow prizes this season Satuhdav Hali Holiday assohahon -On Satur- day afternoon last tha committee of tho above Association organised a re-union at Athol Gardens, Bradley's Head, which has bees very much improved. Tbo weather was very propitious* and between 400 and 500 persons availod themselvee of the opportunity of obtaining a little outdoor recreation. The arrangements were well carried out, I dancing, croquet, quoits, oncket, running in saoks, and other smufomonfs wero vigorously participated in by all. Tbe oompany roturocd to Sydney at duek, SCIULLHI'B lllAQlM Ol'TUB llTn»Ctl£"^4Srj-i drnmiilioceiiiposition-tho «traoriinary «uccew of ,m5 at «nooeetobluhed (ho recitation erf .1 giftoTauthor m Gerrnnnj mid on tho rooownof which eo mueUof huXm, )H 3isieJur.il »lill elejpondfl-fu now bo.ng producsd sih! Violon« ahcatro ,n this c.lj hy Mr, A AníSA Mr. Coppin'* Company, in » stylo domsndin,, »to« thiiJB moro Illari tho pas«,, g «ótico of a curonfclor of ordinary, diurnal ovonts *ow, even in this ulilit»,i"" community, that hnvo over wandeiCl in »no Klyona vZZ of Literature en Oil omhantud borers erf whioh fl.w« . pcipelual fetremn of I'orfeollaliras e>f anxious aw«, "J viasung torro«s, can ful lo remoller certain »»"" tho vínolo world ho« ngrood to venoralo ,-narau wh.cn rio nation, trocd, or langage ow vea! turo cxeliiBiiel» to call ,1s own- writers, |1 llonicr. Virgil, Danto, Shakspearo, Calder^ Goethe, and beliiller- whoso wortta aro the joint heritage if tho human, mo, vi ho«, i «gi« will bor. ad and ponderad on until tho end al time. I ho uclunl dtolont m whioh each oner «f theso in his day ami gi ne ral Ion, rev orally olol hod hi«, vtois, m,r be« mo, in one nonso, tho langusgo of tho past-cay oea¿ to bo tho mother tongue of nnj people, but it can »vor I» renl y dead thousands upon thousands will eo «tanti» mini) the tongues in which Ihoy wrote-, the moro lVllv ii «Dpreoiiilo tho excellent» of their atylo. th» eyervniying depth ol thoir philosophy, and th» ilovnlion and grandour of thoir thoughts Kht to ppoult of tbo ancient Literary Giants of Grown ol ltonie. of Modi ..val Italy, and of Spain, it is enough to piij thttt amongi* Englishmen, whoso mental oulturo ho« earned them bejond the nieront «laments of knowlodeo Goelho mid Sohiller aro habitually ranked «ita Shukuwam whilst amongst German« (from Sohloget downwards) the nicho of tho Bard of Avon Bland« in houiurablo proxlaHtv to thot^ of tho authora of " I mist" nut tho "liibbors/ In spito of tho diversity nnd difhoulty of I inguago and tho íuev Hablo jeiloutiie« of national pride, tho commaadimr e-enln« of Goethe, bchiller, and Shakspoiro lind, everywhere a ready and gratolulacknowledgment, liv on m trinco-whioh no long nnd bo pcrversoly proforrod tho dreary dead lovol of tbo 'unifies" to any positivo depth of thought, lovine vuniisomo proprieties and mano prottinesees bettor than onergetic nnd cxpresMvu diction, and su.rgo-tivo monlonU -that pedantic ontioism whioh onco oonsidcrol itself unas nulabU has bten obliged to confess tho oxeellenco of what n mperciliously eomicmnod aa "barboto ' ïùoio ihrea umbers-fehiikspearo Goethe, and Sehiller -aro now read nrd .ippreemted m 1 raneo alni»*! as nmoli as thoy aro or ever eau be, m Germany, or in Kngland or in Wow South w nie» 1 he produt tion hero ol ono of bohillnr a works \» perhaps nn illustration of tho truth of this onî , uu u . u, mia, un. it will doublliss cnufo manj lo ravort to lang niplncled tlmlita, and once moro to open wita roniiwid interest and advantage pases long since oast »Milo In thiH soueo, if m no othor, tho produolio i of "lbs Bobber«" will ho gene mil) ae<eptabli>, and ought not Ioho nltoMihei disregarded bj the journalist As lo the morale ot tbo pieee, and Iho poaeiblo eiltet of its production in this cole rj. Ibu o munt still bu room for grave differentia of opinion , oven «hen every allowance ehull havo beau made foi divirgeueo of thought mid ior diiforonoo of national son limcnt rho Irnpedy of . 11il Koolera ' (vvhioh is in life ide) wiiH brought out at (ho Victoria on Saturday iBBt, and will bo plajod thero again this otroninjf, nce-ordiiig lo ti.o earcfullv adapted Knglish version in whioa it was presented at Drury-laue, some fow j ears baolc, at the riqut-t «nd in (ho prm-enoool tho lamoutod I'rtnoä Connon. At that time Mr Janie« Anderson euatainod tha part of tho terrille Charles Do Moor, tho orptain of Iho band, and wup bighlj cotnpliiiiiutod on his imporsonauon by IhoFO wboee prniM) was indeed coiniiiondation-a favour nb'o epini in which nil who witnessed his uorftirinance oa t-Bturd«} laiil mutt bo thoroughly prepared to endorse. Ho ia fiipporltd nt tho Victorii by Mr (j N. Kogcrs nu Count Maximilnn by Mr It W Lavvronca I Bihepcifirtioim mid cowardly rrnnci^bv Mr G It Ireland nsllciiniin, b> Mr. J K Grovillo as Spugolborg, and by Mrs llobirl Hoir, tis tbo Count De Mool a nieto Tbo rent oi iho east appears to be a judioi msono, and the mi« rri \eine, in other resptets, cquallv unexceptionable In tha c une of the pi«) much new and olfeetuo ncenory i« intro- duced, cepeciallj in that renmrkahlo portion of tho tragedy where Ameln, disguised as a Pi go, seeks an interview with, her outlawed Kinniirm and lover As to the Mory of tho píceo il*olf, it is not necessary lo repeat it ¡ure, as thoee who aro familiar with its dolans, will, perhaps, ho not unwilling to neknowlodgo It ia a narrativo of iiunginarv ment« (supposed to have oooarred iibijU1 tbo coiniiienci incut oi tho ililli century) so full of bnirowmg incidents, despairing sontunenti*, nnd delibérate eriuip, that it is painful to think that there ever has booa au ora when what is represented may havo boon, for the most part, not inconsistent wah historical facts An envi- ous brother and an unnatural son (at deformed In his mind as bo i» in hi» poison) bv his criminal nota, suppliât« bl« brother, doprives him of his Fathers love, of his ullianced wiio, and of his character na n nnn-thus driving tbo tier) and impotuouH Charles to ovil courses wbtoh ead bv his becoming tbo blood s'ained Captain of a bi"id of routiers-distinguished even amongst them for his progresa in tim headlong career of vico and crime Thus rid of hu brother, (bo villain, r rancis, boeomes n parricide-burios his father »live, and, having puseessed htimolf of tho tilla and estates, seek« evontunll) to gain tbo band of Amelia ti) tbo intervention of that lady the mystory of sin is uni ivellfd-tho robber captain avonging bis father, bv giving up his more guilt} brother to be oxecuted by tha Koblier band, who fling tho dying wretob into the vault ra w lueh ho had entombed tho «god Count Amoila reappears, identities the Kebber dipt un as her beloved Charlo*, aud the unhappy old man (but lust resouod. half dead from tlo tomb to which ho hud been so ruthlessly consigned) dies of horror at finding that his son and presorvor u a notorious robber and nssassin lhobAnd brutally claim tho girl, and when ho intimates his determination to lente them and to attend his life, remind him oi his many crimes, and demand that he shall bo faithful to his engagements Ho therouDan deli- berately kills Amoila with his dag«or ns she lies id his anus, and then renounces his position as loader of the bind, f boy leavo him, and whilst he is about to surrender hlm Fclf to the authorities, he is shot by tho ollicers of .istica led on by ona of his traitorous comrades In representing this iiioet melancholy story, the chief part is, of coarse, that of the robber chief, which is sustained throughout with great success by Mr Anderson, especially in the three last acts In all ho is very creditably supported by toa company-especially by Mr Rogers as the Count, and Mrs Heir as Amelia Carefully as the vorsion has been adapted to en English audience, thora is yot much tb.it jurs un- pleasantly upon tho ear in tho histrionic represen tation of " Ino llobbors ' The crimes of Charles Bo Moor are such as to most minds cut him off altogether from our sympathy, and even awaken our in- credulity as to the strongth and sincerity of his filial love. And tncnhe is porpotually justifying himself, talking hope- fully of his condition in the futuie world m torus which aro decidedly distasteful to tho English mind AU the sentimental twaddle that any maa may talk about "destiny" and so on, can nover affect, in the slightest degreo, tho direct and inevitable responsibility which ia consequent upon his deliberate action If a maa will persist in evil ho must follow the broad psth that loada to his own destruction, what has destroyed others must infallibly destroy him, howovor philosophically he may be pleased to consider the abstract question. It is impossible to regard "The llobbors" as othor than the brilliant aberration of a great genius Although it abounds in una passages (even as they fall upon the English oar through the misty and im- perfect medium of translation) it is disfigured by false sentiment, and rendered unacceptable to many persons hy tbo introduction of scenes of unnecessary brutality The scene, for example, whore tho robber chief kills his un- happy cousin m cold blood, though admirably playea, is absolutely shocking When first repre- sented in Geimany "wo oro told that "the Robbers" met with "such vile success" that hot- hoaded, beer drinking students, deserted their books and their fencing: rooms to do a little amatonr highway robbery. It ia heartily to bo hepod that the representation ef " th» Bobbers " will hero exercise no such baleful influence. Wo hnvo had rather too much of that sort of thing alroady, tragedies that have been brought to their inevitable and. proper denouement by the hangman's ropo or the police- man's bullet It is not, by any moans, a grand thing to be a robber, although it may not be amiss to witness a play ndaptod from the worka of a world renowned author, when well rjerformed Peoi i e's Concert -A cheap concert was given by t_s Sons of Temperance on Saturday evening m the Tempe ronco Hall, Fitt-etreot. Tho Kev Dr. Lang, M L.A , presided, and the audience was very numerous. Tha programme ohoeon for the occasion presented many and varied attractions ia tha shape of vocal and instrumental music. Some of the ballads were sung with much skill and tasto, and the instrumental solos on the concertina, violin, and guitar were very good. Mr T. G. Nixon iflicicntly discharged the duties of accomponyist. Tub "Tomahawk," ami its Cartoon^.-Tho intro- duction to the article on the abovo subject, from the West minster Gazette, published in Saturday's Herald should have read thus -" A Boman Catholic organ, tho West- minster Gazette, enters its protest against the lUuetr.tioas contained in a satirical publication styled The Tomthawi, the cartoons are intended to cast ignominy on members of the Roy al Family-the most notable of which is oue entitled 'Brown Study.' The following artiole," &o.; Aumy Promotion Gaaetted -The following military " promotions by purchase," are notified as having (alteai place during the month of August -Hth Foot Ensign, Arthur Walter No} es, to be lieutenant, Ensign Samuel Jobn Kevell Toms, to be lieutenant 16th Foot Major William Charles Bancroft (formerly aido-de camp to Sir Henry Barkly), to be lieutonant-colonel. 85th Foot. Captain Lord John Hen.-y Taylour, to be major. Tue M_LitoerAE Ctr-The Argus of Thuwday states -Tbo Albion Turf Subscription- room waa opeii last evening on the occasion of doclaring the ontnes for the \iv-tona Racmg Club Spring Races The swaber of acceptances ttbirty) for the Melbourne Cup afforfioi gâterai, satisfaction, and the market odds were not in osf -particular affected by the withdrawal of the non-tucej)tors. ** before, 4 to 1 was freely offered on the Gold, Firework» being perhapB a little better favourite than. Sydney Tua "Whifller. Kose of Australia was backed freely at8toi, and subsequently for some money at 7 to I, a price not afterwards offered, about 10(> to 15 was ths Rose's last quotation. Victorian Tim, F alcon4 Nit-blefoot, Privateer, and Fly wore all at about IPO to 6. sach, bnt none of them in active demand. Barwor¿ was. in some toreo at an out-ids price, and Cowra, on tho stre_gth of Lady Clare's running in tho Hurdle raco on Pjaturday, was baoked at .00 ta 89. Ono enthusiastic backf,r ot the Robb of Australia took 800 to 100, twice over, that tho maro wtn tho Cup ia lew thaa 3 minute« 40 BeooutX 