KAPUNDA RACES. The Kapunda Races commenced on Wednes-<*> day, March 20, the day's proceedings being most agreeable and successful. It is some years since Kapunda has had public races; but this season some of the leading sportsmen iq the township and neighborhood made an effort, an<l procured subscriptions sufficient to warrant them in offering prizes calculated to tempt | racing men to compete, and to ensure several days' good sport. On Wednesday the whole I town of Kapanda seemed to be alive with ex- | pectation, numbers of people having collected in the streets in front of the handsome hotels that adorn that town. Several of Cobb & Co.'a light coaches started out, crowded with passen gars.for tbeground, distant about two miles from Kapnnrin All along the road (here were persons bent on sport and travelling to the scene of enjoyment in vehicles of every description— waggonettes, buggies, carriages, and convey ances of a more modest character. Arrived at the paddock in which the starting-box was placed, we found a long line of hones drawn along the fence, with numbers of vehicles in the road. This arose from the charge levied at the gate—ls. fid. for vehicles, whether drawn by ouew two hone*, *adfck for toree?en, thf latter being charged higher, on the ground that ' they were more trouble to keep from tresinsan" ! on the course, tt befog but a short distance from the gate to head-quarters, many viators preferred leaving their horses and traps in the road, and proceeding to the grooad on foot. The straight-running presented a very lively ap pearance, a number of extensive booths being pitched on the ground, while persons from a!l parts of the dinrict had collected, till b<\- the time the racing commenced hardly leas'thau 2,000 were on the spot. Many of the leading residents of that part of the country, im-ln/i; ne magistrates, well-known sportsmen, and others of prominent position, were present Adelaide racing men were there in great force. The most pleasing part of Che day'a display was the great number of fair equestrians who graced the scene, and afforded the most delightful impression of country gatherings. The bones that con tended were, some of them, oUvetenns; others had been successful elsewhere, while some were new to fame. Village Belle asto nished the knowing ones, carrying away tke Maidens and the District Race. Old Made made his appearance in the Town Plate, but did not inn as usual. Hie cannot lost for ever, and we were sorry to see the game old horse at a disadvantage. The running in the Town Plate lay between Charlie O'MaUey, who was terribly lame, and Stag, the former winning ttie brat heat. Stag the second. At the third heat Charlie's owner wouM not torture the hone any more, and allowed Stag to walk over. The Hacks was a gift to Mr. J. Harvey's Minna. Die running lay through several p??l«i/wlr« and for some distance over ploughed ground, severely trying the wind and mettle of the horses. We will now give the races in order, beginning with the I Maiden Plate, 20 soya.; one mile; weight for age ; entrance, 2 sora. For this there were seven entries. Mr. H. BiwJen's blk.m- Village Belle, aged Stevens 1 Mr. Morrii's b.h. Happy Jack, aged, 10 st I Ib. (Shogg) 2 Mr. Simmons'a b.h. Twilight, aged. 10 st lib, (Owner) ... ... ... 3 Mr. O. Adcock's "b.f. Tormentor, 3 yra., 8 St. 8 Ib. (Nunn) 4 Mr. O. Adcock's b.g. Coronet, 4 yrs.. 9 st. 81b. (Drawn) ? Mr. ODeas b.m. Jennette, 5 yrs, 9 st. 12 Ib. (FiUpatrick) 0 Mr. Jas. Harvey's ct. Minna, 3 yrs., BML 8 Us. (Calvin) fl The horses got away fairly. Village Belle took the lead soon after starting, and kept it all through, winning I>y a length ; Happy Jack second. Twilight third, and Tormentor fourth. Town Plate, 90 soya. ; two miles, heats; weight for age. Entrance, 5 soys. Five entries. Mr. J. Scott's b.g. Stag, 5 yra., 9 st. II Ib. (rothfll) ... 2 11 Mr. H. PegWsg.g. Charlie O'MaUey, aged, 10 st. lib. (Owner) 1 2dr. Mr. W. G. Morris's br.h. Darlfr. 4 yrs., 9st 5 Ib. (Shugg) 3 0 0 Mr. L. Barnard's b.g. Booyoolee, 4 yrs., 9st Olbe. (W. Simpson) Mr. Ryan's eg. Mack, aged, 10 tf. 1 Ib. (Stevens) At the first heat Charley O'MaUey took die lead and kept to die fore, though hard raced all round by Stag, and won by a trifle; Stag second, Darkie a good third. Second Beat. —The grey was very lame, both in his fore leg, and wan also lame behind. It I seemed impossible that he could have the ghost 1 of a chance; bnt he made a. hard race of it, ; notwithstanding hu crippled state. A very fail-1 start was effected, Stag taking the lead, waited j on very closely by O'MaUey. The grey soon caught his opponent, and they struggled for it; but Stag got ahead again. As the lot approached the straight running the Crst round Stag led, Darkie and die grey coming behind together, the others all in a lump. On reaching die ploughed land again die hones were all in a ruck ; and coming round for die race in Charlie i O'MaUey shot forward, passing Stag, when a terrrible race followed. Stag recovering his ground and winning by a neck, Darkie third- Mack's rider whipped him after pawing the post, and the horse threw him, or rather he lost his balance and felt Booyoolee was no where in particular. The third heat Charley was drawn and Stag walked over. District Bace, of 20 soys.; one mile —heats ; weight for age. Entrance, 1 soy., for all horses the bona fide property (previous to January, IS67>, of residents within 20 miles of Kapunda. Four entries:— ! Mr. H. Bawden's bltm. Village Belle, ! aged (Stevens 0 11' Mr. G. Morris's b.g. Railway Hany, aged(Shugg) 02 2 Mr. Muflen'e h.g. Odd Stocking, aged (Robinson) 0 33 Mr. J. Shannon's g.g. Prophet, 3 years (Waring) 00 0 First Heat.-Poor start; Oidstoddng lead ing ; Bailw-ay Harry second. Soon die lot gathered together and Village Belle showed to die fore, bat Bail way Harry collared her, and a desperate met? *tfift"*M, resuuuig in a. <i^a4 ln*at * Gddatockiag third ; Prophet nest inside & poet, ' &nd; wb& <f'fl*i nfliifi*^. Second Heat—A great race; the BeUe win ning by a. length soda-half, hard held; Bailway Harry second ; Oddstocldng a bad diird. - Third Heat—Oddstocking led off, but soon had to give way, die Belle and Bailway Harry rapidly overhauling and pissing him. At the ploughed ground BaQway Harry was flogging and trying his best, but at die straight running the mare shot ahead and won easily. flacks.—Sweepstakes of 10s., with 5 soys. added. Mile heats; weight, 8 etone; post I entrance. Six entries. I Mr. J. Harvey's Minna 1 1 Mr. Scott's Quiz the Wind 0 2, Mr. Smith's Beda 2 3 Mr. Adcock's Alice. Mr. Byan's Nellie. Mr. Batten's Juliet Both heats were a gift to Minna —Quiz die Wind and Beda, however, tunning well for second place. This concluded the day's sports, and the assembly broke up. Throughout die day there bad been no accident of any import ance, and no disorder. In die evening Kapunda was very lively, die hotels bring 40 crowds that it was difficult to procure a bed. Mr. Chas. Knight exhibited fireworka in die yard of the Sir John Franldyn Hotel, and had a large attendance of spectators, who seemed delighted with the beautiful and varied display of (he pyrotechnic art they were favored with. 