W5ao!esaSe lBsfiB5si5ca«Ie hi Great EScitsiisa. The statistics of child-murder brought forward by Dr Lankester have exposed that gentleman to much obloquy and abuse from thoEO who are contented that a hideous and widespread evil should exist, so long as its existence is neither seen nor admitted to be a fact. Tho thing is, however, cropping up in different parts of this country, and honest journalists outol London arc ever and anon remarking upon it. Thus we find in the Carlisle Examiner the following remarks on the . prevalence of the crimo in that local ity : — v '?, - .?'.? .-?;?:.. .-..':..- ' Wholesale Infanticide in Caiilisle — There are inoro ways of sacrificing the innocents than by(j smothering them between bed ticks or rupturing tho jugular ? vein with a mur derous thumb. There is a safer mode of mak ing off with the body than by wrapping it in paper and dropping the parcel by the roadside. Theronre women iu Carlisle whose business it is to nurse ' chance' children ; and the terms are, not a weekly sura, but a tidy amount paid down on the nail. When the mother, who cares to hear no more of her child, produces the money, the infant is ' taken in,' and the first step of its nurse is to enter it in a burial club. The little thing is ' soothed' with laudanum preparations, or it is overlaid, or it dies in a ' fit' [i.e., starvation.) The burial club is drawn upou, and a decent sum is realised by the transaction. My informant knows one old woman of this kind, living in Botchergate, who has applied to him over and over again for a burial certificate for infants who had died under her treatment. Ho very properly refused to give one ; but as the registrar is abliged under a penalty to supply a certificate, the difficulty is quietly got over, and — I speak gravely — murder is hushed up. The facts that coroners are now paid a fixed salary takes some what from their vigilance j and so the cases to which I refer rarely come before the public.' .-? .-;.? The Glasgoio Herald also takes up the sub ject in a very striking article. It says : — ' We have good ground for now and again con gratulating ourselves on the progress achieved by the country in various directions, both of a moral and commercial nature. Sometimes, at least, we may truthfully say that wo arc first-rnto traders and passable Christians. In the miilst, however, of even these moderate congratulations, the quiet statement of a glaring fact or two not unfre quently shuts us up as thoroughly as if we were gagged or muzzled. Wo have, for instance, shrunk with horror at the unholy oheapness of human life in oortain foreign countries, confes sedly luss civilised than our own. AVo have especially shuddered at tho deliberate practice of infanticide in vague among the Chinese. Yet neither in murder nor infanticide is this country wholly undistinguished. Thore are, indeed, periodical spaces of time when the country seems almost wholly virtuous — so far at least as the the perpetratton of what may be called public crimes are ooncernod ; but a curious chancre in the condition of the social atmosphere suddenly Bupervenes, and the country's delusive dream of virtue is mercilessly broken by very showers of crirac — thieving, garotting, knifing, throat-cutting poisoning, and baby-killing. It would appear as if our moral condition was subject to influences analogous in their process of action and reaction to thoso which regulate the weather. We do not, however, for » moment pretend that suoh phenomena are anything more than evanescent characteristics of our steady aud per manent progress. 'But there they aro, and we canuot avoid them. The Palmer tragedies showed how much crime of the cruellest type v:x rwjssiblo iu a country in which the ideal of sociul goodness is peculiarly high. Proof of a similar kind lias been elicited by the singularly heartless murders committed by Dr Pritchard. One peculiar feature in tho cases both ot Palmer and Pritchard was the existence of & dark back -ground in their lives which seemed peopled with the ghosts of other victims. It was supposed on good grounds in the case of Palmer that exhaustive investigation had it been possible, would probably have brought to light some half-dozen other murders perpetra ted by the samo hand. Similar suppositions are by no means wholly unwarranted in the case of Pritchard. These things show that much corrup tion may exist and many gross crimes be perpe trated in tho full blazo of our moral and material advancement ; and that, in fact, we can never be certain that in the most splendid and soundest seeming condition of our social organisation, there does not exist seme slightly hidden local blemish which may at any moment burst forth and over whelm uswith grief and shoiuo. '? There remain two points — deliberate child murdor and iuvoluntary infanticide, both of which, according to apparent reliable authority, exist in this country to an enormous extent Dr. Lnnkester recently stated that the amount of child murdor perpetrated in London alone was fearful ia the extreme. It was tho second or third time be had called attention to tho subject, and the crime was certainly not on tho decrease1 The murders consisted principally of newborn babes, a great proportion of tho oases necessarily involving tho orevicus conuniseion of much social sin ; and the doctor sat down the number an nually murdered at so largo an array ti-.nt wo hesitate to prevent it in figures, lest the statement bo rcgarded'as an ari'.hmetical fable. If any can, tiii3 is one of those appalling inhumanities which must moisten the oyes of tho angles — not wholly ! for the sake of the babies but chiefly for the sake j of the hardened mothers who cculd steep their j hands so heartlessly in the spotless blood of tin ir iunoccnts. As to involuntary infanticide, some startling evidence was recently furnished by Mr John Simon, medical officer of tho Privy Council in his evidence before the Select Gemmitln on the Chemists' and Druggists' Bills- He asserted that there are certain country districts of England 'where child-killing by opium is monstrous.' Opium, or certain of its preparations, is given to the children for the purpose of quiotting them while their mothers are out working. We knew that this murderous custom was extensively prac tised in the largo manufacturing cities, but it is dirtrossing to find it in aclive operation in districts which were wont to bo regarded as the dwelling places of tenderness and innocence. The women work in gangs, lead reckless and rollicking lives, nnd by and by become iudifferent to the fate of their children, whom theyjook upon as encum brances. Hence the extensive drugging with opium, which is so caieicssly administered as to produce results that, in points of mortality, are sim ply hideoils. Mr Simon says that the 'peasantry have a tradition that opium is useful in their nge, and have got so familiar with it that many of the adults aro opium-eaters. Having this local knowledge of opium, they give it to the ohildren very largely, the children dying mons trously. Mr Simon does not wish us to suppose that he thinks that much of this infant slaugh ter is intentional; but it is quite evident that he does think, what very few can escape thinking, that the unintentionality is so extremely gross and intentional-looking, that, in fact, it just resembles on the back edge of murder. Custom only too easily supersedes conscience,; and if this habit among the English peasantry ? of . drugging cheir young children for the purpose of quieting them is not checked, it may degenerate into un doubted voluntary infantioide, as practised by the Chineso. Evon as it is, one can, never bo certain that many deliberate murders, aro not cunningly perpetrated under the guise of this apparently humane dosing of tho bueruloua infants. Parisian Dissecting Rooms — Tho experi ence of medical studonts sufficiently attests this fact, 'and I have witnessed ? many scones which, although' to me invested with horror, presented nothicg: but attraction to my companion of the .knife arid scalpel. To come upon death in any shape is bad enough, but to find one's self sud denly in a large room surrounded by tho dead, when one was only looking for and expecting to meet the 'ace of a living friend, is by no means a pleasant surprise. Such was my fortune on one occasion in Paris, when, to keep an appointment with a student of the Quarlier Latin, I visited, one morning quite early, the Academy of Medicine. The liollow court-yard of that famous institution has, oa one side of it, a tow of doors, each open ing icto small surgical or dissecting rooms, ap propriated to the students. Tho visiting-card of the occupant is generally tacked upon the door as a Bign. On the morning in question I went to my friend's room, fa small aud horribly-smelling place, having on the walls and tables various implements of his profession J, but he was not there. In fact it was too early for many to be about, and I saw no sign of vitality but tho sleepy porter at the outside gato, who had admitted me as a friend of a student. A mysterious black-covered waggon stood in the court-yard, apparently newly arrived, as it was backed up to a large open door on the opposite side of ths square,'as if recently discharged of its load. Whilo waiting for my student friend to arrive, I sauntered slowly across and entered this open door, and immediately found myself the only living being in a large, bare, brick-floored apart ment, upon which lay extended, side by side, twenty corpses of both sexes, stark, rigid, and cold. I had no idea of retreating ; on the con trary,, a dreadful fascination held mo spell-bound till I had gazed and become perfectly familiar with eaoh of the shrunken, ghastly, fixed faces boforo me; some open-mouthed and open-eyed; somo with clenched teeth and hands; somo almost featureless with tho inroads of lasting disease before vitality had oeasud. In a corner of this room a pile of children's corpses had been thrown promiscuously together, as being of less interest aud value to those for whom theso ' subjocts1' were designed. I had been in this Btrango com pany some minutes when footsteps approaohed, and a man in a blue cotton blouse came into the room. Casting au inquisitive eye at mo, as if to say, ' I wonder what you want at this time of/ day,' he proceeded, with tho utmost nonahalanc-' to go through a proceoss which evidently wa3 his daily occupation, nnd one of the perquisites of his position. Lifting up tho head of a female corpse, ho straightened out tho long black hair nnd immediately severed it with scissoi'3 from tho crown. This procoss ho repeated with each. Then tying together tho accumulated ' glory of woman,' he proceeded with pincers to extraot from the stiffened jaws all the teeth of either sex which were found to be in a perfect condition ; Loaded with those united spoila he vanished at one end of tho building, while I, sick and faint at heart, got out of tho door at which I had onterc-d, eager for fresh air and for forgetful neas. 1 had not taken many turns in the court before my student made his appearance, and in the course of another half-hour mosl of the class had assembled, and stood about the vicinity of the chamber of horrors waiting for the distribution.' As each name was called aloud, the individual alluded to proceeded to select his ' subject,' manipulating them in turn until he found the one whose physical condition of fat or lean presented the most suitable development of tho part to ho dissected. Having satisfied himself in theso respects, tho student would seize the body by the lower limbs, sling it over his shoulder us carelessly as if he were a butcher taking a lamb to the slaughter (and perchance the resemblance was just), and stride across thooourt to his surgical den, there to look himself in with his holples'.i victim, to be absorbed for the rest of the day in tlio fascinations of physiological research. It was a curious thought, ns the eye ran down that long row of dark closed doors, that behind each, securely locked in his silent sanctum, was one in the strength aud aml.ition of youth bending, with bare arms, over tho rigid forms of death (which yesterday was a living patient of the hosjitiil), and absorbed with intensity of interest in the developments of his revolting but necessary profession. — ' Hours with Vie Dead.' in Harper's New Monthly Magazine. Is it the Rule, or the Exception ? — To-day in one of our public thoroughfares, I saw a lad// drunk As she passed me, my cheeks burned as if she were my sister. Her dress was quiet and ladylike? she. had small shopping par cels in her hands ; and a tempting little purse hung by its fragile chain upon her wrist. She seemed to be conscious that Ehe was an object of notice, aud attempted to cross the slippery crowded street to the less frequented side. I was just thinking I would follow closely after, lest she might fall, when a gentleman started with the same intontion, following nor till she reached the sidewalk in safety. It wasaterrible sight. I could not rid myself of it, long after sho disappeared from view. I am told this is not an unusual sight of late. I cannot believe it. At any rate, after a resilience of over twelve years in New York, this is the first lady whom I have seen under such disgraceful circumstances,- still it is true that ten ladies now use stimulents, where one used to do so, and ' by advice of pby sicians,' so they say. ' I have taken no whisky to-day,' said one to me, ' and I feel so gone without it.' ' I always take a milkpunch in tho forenoon,' said another; 'I could not get along nt all without them.' ' nor I without any sherry aaid a third ; ' I feel quite miserable if I neglect that ' Now this may be all right, and may be Hie advice' of physicians, too; but ;these are dan gerous remedies, and the more so because many of our women would, be very glad of anything to Jeadcn the pain, and disappointment, af their lives. Added to this, it is sadly true that, they are also physically feeble ; not one in lpii being healthy, or understanding how to make themsolves so. For all these reasous, I feel that stimulants should ho used very sparingly, if at all tt is dreadful enough when a man goes down step, hy step, to the moral degradation of the drunkard's grave. None but those uiost inte rested in his welfare cun count the hours of agony whioh wait upon his erring footsteps. But a woman ! a wife! a mother! From how much greater a height does she seem to have fallen into this pit of shame ! She who once made their home so bright with her smile, her voice, the touch of her orderly finger-tip9 ! Is this tho same home,, where slatternliness and misrule reign tri uinphant ? Whero the husband sits with tho flush of mortification on his brow, aud the chil dren cower, and listen, and dare not voice their terror because it is ' mother.' Mother ! Oh, what a desecration ot the name ! So I cannot smile at the bonnet awry, or the shawl dragging awkwardly upon the pavement, at the dishevelled ringlets, or flushed cheek, or bloodshot eye of this intoxicatod lady, for I think of her home and all the misery in it, of which sho is the cause. As a lady. I am not willing to believe that it is ' a common sight' for rospectable ladies to be so overtaken. At least, it has not been my un happy lot to witness it. On the contrary, I have seen many women uncomplainingly bearing, year aftor year, the burton of sorrow, poverty, aud disgrace brought upon them by drunken husbands The other day, when a gentleman mentioned to me that a litreary man of celebrity abroad, and the father of six children, had separated himself from his wife for this reason ) I could not but call to his mind the fact that millions of heroic wives, in this land and others, found this dread ful conjugal defection only an additional reason for exertion and Ohristliko forbearanco ; whether rightly or not, I have my personal doubts. But this I know— that few husbands are capable of such self-abnegation. Women are undoubtedly better than men ; though this is the poorest compliment I ever paid them. Fanny Fern, When is a blow from a lady welcome ? — When she strikes you agreeabiy; Young Girl's Love. — What has a womaa to givo moro preoious to man than the love of a young, confiding and unsuspecting heart? Full of lifo, impressed with a consciousness of her own purity and devotion, she pours forth all those treasures of her thought at man's feet ; sho planB a happy future ; she fancies she hears the joyous tones of infant voices in tho distaut horizon of her life, sweep past like the tone of a distant bell ; she places her little joys in them — the happiness thoy must afford hor. In fancy, she rears them to brilliant positions; she makes thorn all IP herself, good aud pure; she gives their thoughts; she inspires with her own 1 sentiments, and the husband of he' ? ,,ith undying lovo and tenderness. * On a child being told tha* ? . . : i.d bioken of abad habit, he hottest1' ??'?, ' ;.ip«, i««ln,'b. I better be mended ?' . - ' Influence of Wives.-U is not all a (|r(.am who -ade the wife of Julias Csar so anS thatheshouldnotgo to the Senate chamber on the total Ides of March; and had ho cora.Ji with the entreaties he might have escaped tho dagger of Brutus. Disaster followed disaster in the career of Napoleon, from the timo he ceased to feel tho balance wheel of Josephine's influcnce on bis impetuous spirit. Our own Washington when important questions were submitted to him, often has said that he should like to carrv the subject to his bedchamber beforo he had formed his decision ; and thoso who know the clear judgment and elevated pnrposo of Mr* Washington thought all the better of him for wishing to make her a confidential counsellor Indeed, the great majority of men. who liaveac! \ quired for themselves a good and great name were not only married— but paired and matched* ; —New York Times A Man Stjhicu bx a Falling SiAn—Tlie London Morniug Advertiser reports that ons of the falling stars struck a waiter named Pjko' at Thompson's coffee house- iu Shoe Lane. Pi|-0 came to the editor of the Advertiser and said that while standing in the middle cf tho street between bhoe lane nnd Salisbury c.tut, with no one near him, and gazing upward, he became aware of a burning sensation In the neck, upon which h'o tore at Itis. neckcloth, and the next moment .ho burning svbstanco passed down his left breast scorching the shirt in tho course, and inflicting three small but severe burns on tho flesh with ono large wound. Tlftse burns (says the editor! we saw, hut. being of a sceptical and matter-of' fact turn, we suggested a fuseo or lucifer; tliia however, was earnestly negatived, and we folt ourselves unduly incredulous upon further exami nation, as no substance whatever could be found in the young man's clothing, and he was certainly by no moans likely to infliot such an injury on himself for the purpose of a more sensation. A medical man who saw him thinks it a scald by fused metal or sulpher, and the young man is decidedly in a state of considerable suffering from the accident. 