'CLEAR THE GrALLERIES.-Last evening, while the Houn J. Stewart was addressing the House, he was stating that the authorities of St. Mary's were on the qri vive, and doing all-they could to upset the' present Government, that they were anxious, for a defeat, so that they might pack this House with their own tools, with a prospective view to the up.. setting of the Public Schools Bill. Mr Dignam at once rose to a point of order, and said the hon. gen tleman, in thus irrelevaitly alluding to the authori ties of St. Maray's toman Catholic tathedral, was speaking of what he knew nothiing about. Several members on the Opposition benches cheered these remarks, and the cheers becoming soinewhat conta gious, three persons in the strangers' gallery began to clap their hands loudly; whereupon the Speaker at once called out " Clear the galleries." The Ser geant-at-Arms and a messenger went to the stran gers' gallery and asked if the persons who had been guilty of the unseemly plaudits would retire. One young man admitted his error, and withdrew, but the other two remained Aittitig with a look of feigned innocence on their coiintenances. As they would not admit their error, the gallery was cleared, Airid Mr Dignam stated the point 6f order. The S'peaker ruled that exception could not be taken to the re marks of Mr J. Stewart, who was proceeding to address the House, when Mr Terry called attention to there still being strangers in the Speaker's gallery; He did this, he said, because it was unfair .oi one part of the House to be clear d and not another. Mr Piddington, assisted by one or two near him, com menced a volley of. oh, oh, oh's. TI'e Speaker's gallery having been cleared, Mir Macpherson rose to a-point of order, probably as an amicus curide, and to point out that be had given an order to admit a person which had been refused, but he was met by cries of order! order !, Mr Macpherson then cast his eyes to the reporters' gallery and called the Speaker's attention to- there still; being strangers in the HIonse., The Speaker theif ordeved'.the reporters' gallery to be cleared. So:the House was left. entirely to'hon. memb'ers, who discussed among themselves the propriety' of the step they had taken. In time 'the dooi s were again opened.-Empire. AssiuiT-Mr Thomas Garrett, M.P., one of the pioprietors of Bell's Li4/e in Sydney newspaper, was .'assaulted with a horsewhip last Monday, by Mr' t-Thomson; son of the Hon E. Deas Thomson. The story told by Mr Thomson'; -friends is that, being highly incensed by the articles which have lately appeared in Bell's Life, in reference to" the Ladies' Committee of the intended ball at the Museatm, he 'went- to the office of Bell's Life last Monday, to de mand the name of the writer. He was there intro- duced to Mr Garrett, who positively refused, to give the desired information; whereupon Mr Thomson, it is said, plied his whip very freely over The shoul ,ders of Mr Garrett, while the latter acted upon the' offensive as well as the defensive. The whip. being useless at close quarters was thrown aside,, and a 'trial .of physical strength rather than of pugilistic; scienee ensued, which ended in Mr Garrett being. -placed hors de combat. That is the 'issailant's ac count of. the affair. Mr Garrett's friends, on the ,contrary, aver that Mr Thomson had the worst of it, and that he had the advantage only for a short time' atthe outset-that the tables were completely turned' before' the contest ended. As it appears likely thati legal 'proceedings will be instituted in consequence' of the fracas, we presume that the real facts will hereafter be elicited as accurat 1 ga they can be ix. a court of law.-Empire. ACCIDENT BY LIGHTNING.-We are glad to be enabled to state that the accident "by lightning at Randwick on Tuesday has not terminated 'faially as was at first reported. Mr South was struck sense less, and it was supposed at first that he was dead but he afterwards recovered consciousness and was' not seriously injured beyond the shock to his system.. A tin can or bucket which he was carrying at the time had its bottom perforated by the lightning, and altogether, r South's escape Mith life was little less than mir lbus. Several other persons received a severe sho k-at:M ame time, but in no; case was the injury fatal.--1.P!ipire. .. '>-DISCOVERY OF WHITE MEN AMONG ThIE BLACKS. -A telegram from Bowen, in the Brisbane qourier, of the 19th instant, states that three .white men, who have for many years been living with the blacks, have beep discovered by Captain Cadell, at the Gulf' of Carpentaria. The report says:-" One of the' men was brought on board the Eagle. He had quite' forgotten his language, but scratehed a large ' L,' with the figures ' 18 ' on' the ground."" It is added that " the news needs confirmation." THE INDUsTRIAL ScnooL.-Between 8, and 9 o'clock on Sunday evening last, loud screams were heard in the Industrial School, and some anxiety 'was manifested by the general' puiblic to 'know the' cause of the screaming which,'for' a few minutes, was exceedingly loud and violent. Most of the people' ,who' heard it fancied that the girls were either fight-' ing amongst themselves,' or else that they were get ting punished at the instancee of the matron. Neither' suppositions were in the remotest degree correct. We hiave ascertained on undoubted authority, 'that the. "sole cause of the outcry was~ sheer devilment on the"' 'part of some seven or eight of the girls 'who were' 'ocated together in one of the dormitories. Directly' .Mrs King heard the screaming, she hurried to where it proceeded from, and inquired the cause. She was informed by the offenders that " There was a man or a ghost under one of the beds," and that they 'ad 'screamed because th awere afraid. After' giv ing the girls a severe rebWe for their unrtily beha 'viour,.and threateWing them with much worse con-' secquences' i'f they 'did not~ remain quiet,' "Mrs Kinig left, and; we need scarcely add, the' ".ghost " g the * young ladies* no further trouble4 Uonsidert ing the class of characters Mrs IKing has to daf with, it~surprises us how she manages to keep. themo so 'orderly 'and well-behaved as she' does- -.Neihucas lVefC~ronicle. ' 1 MIOimIA Es MOORE'S. INTERVIEW 'WITH' THg~: QUitEE.C-We 'have: been favoured 'byiDr8;Bennlett~ with the followinig extract from a 1etter to himlfrom MiE Charles; Moore, dated Paris; 20th Augpst.:--pin{ piassing from' Londoni via' Souithampton 'and Inavre' to Paris, I went for a day or two to 'the Isle of Wight', and while there had the honour of an inter view with the Queen. Her Majesty, on being in formed .that.I was from Australia, and of the office which I hold there, gave orders that I should be shownreaerything about the place, and with as little ceremony as if she were absent, and requested that I might be -prefseited to her. I had therefore the distinguished honour of holding a somewhat length ened conversation with *her Majesty, the subject being the colony, its climate, products, and people, iri all of which she seemed to be- deeply interested. 1 was.greatly astonished to find growing on a sloping bank hear the palace mainy Aiistralian plants, which tr. quith hardy. Callestemon, Eucalyptus, Metro sillros', and Querilla, - beihg the principal genera. Azaleas, loquats, euomyrnus, and other evergreen plants; all quite hardy, which we in the colony are apt to-suppose cannot be grown in the open air in any part of England. Altogether I was greatly de lighted :with Osborne.'-Herald. STRnCIININE1 AND TonBAtco.-Mr Cobb, who hat recently returned from a trip northwards, informs us that on his wa)* he became acquainted with seve :il cases in which tobacco has been successfully used as an antidote to strychnine. Some valuable dogs having eaten baits contailTung strychnine, left about for the purpose of killiing the dingoes, were in the last paroxysms of convulsion, and on the point of death: but recovered after being made to swallow to bacco'water. Half a fig of tobacco cut up, in a pint .ppnnikin of water was the dose-tbe dog being made to take not only the liquor but the- tobacco - itself. Maitland Mercury. . DEATH OP B AMATOND "HE BUSHRANGER.-It will perhaps be remembered that in our issue of the 5th instant, we stated the horse which had been taken from the Breekong station, on the 19th Sep tember last, by the bushranger Hammond, had been found drowned in the Urangeline Creek, with the saddle, swag, and bridle upon it, and that we then expressed an opinion that it was possible that Harris tnandidh'ad met-withf his -death in the flood. 'This, it appears, was really the case, as the body of the bush ranger has since been found in the creek and identi- fled. -On Thursday last, a magisterial irtquiry was held, on the remains, anid all doubt on the matter was then cleared :up. After firing at and pursuing Mr Feathlerstonhaugh. it is ;upposed that the bushran gers crossed the Ura ngeline Creek, which was then in flo6d;'and'-that Hammond in the-darkness missed: the cftsbing, and, his horse getting- into deep water was swept with his rider down the stream, and that both were'thus drowned. -: As only the body of the horse was at first found, it was supposed that it had, been intentionally drowned for the purpose of throw ing the police off the scent, but this supposition has now been shown o be incorrect. Hammond had formerly beehin: the employment of Mr Patterson, and had oiilr just'left his service to -join the .bush rangers, saying that it would be a better kind of life than working for 15s a week. His career, fortunately for tle public, was but- a short one, and though. he escaped the balter in the midst of his crimes he met with a violent and appropriate end. Of Blue Cap and his partner nothing has since been beard, and finding their quarters getting warm, it is probable that they have quitted this part of the- country. Wagga Wagga Express, October 19. EXTRAORDINARY CHILD.-The brig Rita arrived at A uickland on the 11th instant from Tahiti, and reports that a very- novel circumstance had occurred at the island of Riatia, a child being born there with two beads, four arms, and four legs. At the date-of the Rita's departure the child was still living and healthy, and the Frerch Government had despatched a medical gentleman from Tahiti to bring both it and its parents to that place for exhibition.-New Zea land Herald. AUSTRALIAN DIAsrONDs.-The fine octohedral dia inond, weighing one carat and a half, which was re cently discovered by Mr Lansdown (a miner) at Larbert, on the Shoalhaven River, has been brought up to Sydney by Mr Maddretl, and is now on view at the shop of Messrs Flavelle and Company, gold smiths and jewellers, in George-street It is a fine clear, stone, but will, of course, inevitably lose con siderably in bulk when it comes to the wheel of the lapidanry At the same establishment is also to be seen a beautiful " brilliant " diamond, sent to Eng land -to be cut, and recently returned to this colony in all its perfectly developed beauty. This exquisite stone- (which was, even at first, smaller than that brought up from the Shoalbaven by Mr Maddrell) was found in the Albert district in this colony, on the - Queenslabd border- to the north-west. The Albert district diamond was cut in England by an expert lapidary, the brother of Mr Flavelle, who appears to be inclined to become a purchaser of -these beautiful and costly crystals. -There are, doubtless, many of these diamonds found by our gold-diggers, and perhaps even preserved as as curi osities, which are never converted into cash because their real value is suffered to remain unknown.-S. At. Hierald. TWO WOMEN SENTENCED TO BE HANGED. -- At the Bathurst Assizes on Wednesday, Mary Williams and Harriet Hannah Short, mother and daughter, were convicted of wilful murder of the female ille- gitimate child of the latter, by (drowning it in a well. Both prisoners were sentenced to death. The reputed father of the child was arrested for supposed partici pation in the crime, but at the magisterial inquiry he was discharged. The terrible consequences of a departure from the path of virtue on the part of woman have never been more fearfully displayed than in the present instance, which has led to the conviction of a mother and daughter of , so horrible a crime.-Ibid. TUlE CoROs.-We are very sorry to hear that in some portions of this district a great deal of mischief is being done to the wheat crops by a small grub, whore ravages in certain instances we have previously mentioned, but which we regret to say are rapidly -extending, and there seems to he no remedy known whereby to arrest themn. '[his is particularly per ceptible-nt Rleidsdale, and we have heard also that at Shoalbaven a similar kind of grub has made its appfearance and with a like effect. We heard some old:Eniglish farmers affirm that it resembles the wire wor'm, well-known to he so deadly to the tillers of the soil in the old country, but we trust the evil may notabe so bad as is feared, and that all events is wvill not widen its sphuere of operation any further. Miiny farmers preferred last year to leave tlfeir-ground un- ploughed and trust to the self- sown crop which gave early indications of being very heavy,- but in some places the sorrel has increased to such an alarming extent that it has entirely choked up the oats which were left to produce a crop of bay this season. Braidwoood Dispatch. PRICE OF BREAD AT GOVLerRN.-The best bread is being retailed in Gonlbtrirn at 3d the two-pound loaf, delivered The Attorney- General has intimated that the de positions in the Queen, on the prosecution of King v. John Edye Manning, for perjury, do not disclose a prima facie case. The defendant therefore, will not be put upon his tria'. 