THE ABTIIWNIAN EMPEROR. The British Government has to do with a fanatic in Theodore, Emperor of Abyssinia-with a man who leads out to slaughter hecatombs of victims in the name of the Father, Son, and Holy Ghost. We need not, therefore, be surprised or startled by eccentrici ties and peculiarities of conduct. He is not the only ruler who has done such deeds, even in modern times; but his offence is recent, and he has chosen to exercise his powers upon Englishmen ;-notably upon Captain Cameron, her Britannic Majesty's Consul in Abyssinia, upon missionaries of the London Society for promoting Christianity amongst the Jews, and several other British subjects connected with British missionary societies-men, women, and children. We venture upon a few words respecting Abyssinia And her King which may be received in explanation of the events that have taken place. Few people know more about Abyssinia than Bruce has told them. Thie once powerful Christian Empire ' of Ethtiopia has obtained but little attention from the civilised world since the commencement of its decay, about three hundred years ago. The past is now the only source of comfort and pride to the inhabitants of this land, for the Turks have cut them off from the seboard on the east, anid the armies of Egypt are stealing away territory and sowing discord in the northern and western boundaries, while from the south have advanced pagan tribes who have overran the fertile provinces, and saturated the country with blood. The historians of the kingdom point with ex ultation to along train of hereditary monarchs claim ing desrent from Solomon, King of Israel, and the Queen of Sheba--kings who gave their adherence to the truths of tihe Christian faith. As the empire became weakened and debased, it was no longer pus sible for one hand to grasp and manage the reins of Stite. The sovereign power was divided, and though an imperial title weas maintained, the sham invested with it was subject to the will of any of the viziers of the several provinces who were powerfulenough, or'crafty enough, to checkmate the others, and wield the uoeptre under the crown of the imprisoned monarch. For tle past century, this seeptre, analogous to the cham pion belt, has been held by the chiefs of the souther tribes. In 1853, however, there arose a ruler who quickly collected the divided forces of the countr into hIis own hIands, and struck order out of anarchy. This man, Dedjatj Kassai, regarding himselfas the minister of Heaven, assumed infallibility for his thoughts and his actions; and, conceiving himself to be sent expressly to restore the ancient glories of Ethmopia to that fallen country, laid his plans-with clearness, executed them without hesitation, And met that success over the disorganised forces of his rivals, whiclh always attends clear and decisive action. Hy wan young, vigorous, of striking and commanding appearance, a favourite with his soldiers, and never afraid to enforce discipline even in a season of weak. ness. For some years his object was concealed; but when he had become invested with poweras Goversor, under Ran Ali, of theprovinces near Senasar, he mu furled the banner of rebellion, and unsheathed a dashing, biting sword against the ranks thatadvanoed to recall him to his allegiance. Disoovering thitt'ze had made a mistake in bursting forth a little'telsoe the time was ripe,' he found it an easy mattes, 17 means of a deceitful explanation, to return to flis Court he had loft. Ras Ali was glad-to avail hiinself of his powers against the Shankals or Arabs ofthe low countries. Dedjatj Kasrai hardened and disli plined his soldiers in this camp; and then whso warned by his star that the season of revolt was come, he threw of the mask a eecond time, met the over whelming armies that were thrown against himby the deceived vicier, who only escaped capture bl flijihtstt the close of a final combat. By sublequasnt itories over Dedjatj Ubye he united the whole of Northern Abyssinia under his authority, and was crowned bl the Abuna, Abba Salama, aOoptio Bishop, under the title of Theodorus, King of Kings of Ethopia, in the church of Derdakye, which Ubye had btit for his own coronation. Immediately after he had been crowned, the Emperor marched upon Gondar, the capital, and there commanded it to be proclaimed, that if anyone should again speak of Dedjatej Kasai, he should die the death of a traitor. It may be well to observe that the name he assumed was that ofon e of thie early Abyssinian Emperors, who was, and pro bably still is, expected to reappear as the herald of a golden era-a sort of millennium. This second Theodore was supposed by the people generally to be wandering about Jerusalem, ready to " turn up" at the proper time; and there perhaps is some colour in the report that alshouch the anticipated King was to come from the east, while Kassi came from the north-west, he might consider himself the Theodore of prophecy, or find it profitable to appear in his shoes. In this he would be doing nothang more, at all events, than the son of his vanquished rival Ubye, who sought to impose upon the people, in the same manner at the very ?mw tn. Think what we may of Theodore at the present time, there can be no doubt that he accomplished ths great work of breaking the power of the feudal'chioefa of Abyssinia in a surprisingly short space of time,and followed up this achievement by domestic reforms that impress one withl considerable respect for the man. Her Britannic Majesty's Consul min Abyssiuia, Mr. Plowden, reporting to his chief, the Earl of Clarion don, on the 25th June, 1855, gives a very florid do scription of hIis Majesty. He says of him:-" When roused, his wrath is terrible, and all tremble; but at all moments he possesses a perfect self-command.. Indefatigable in business, he takes little repose night or day; his ideas and language are clear and precise; hesitation is not known to him; and he has neither counsellore nor go-betweens. He is fond of splen dour, and receives in state even on a campaign. He is unsparing in punishment-very necessary to re strain disorder and to restore order in such a wilder ness as Abyssinia. He salutes his meanest subjeets with courtesy; is sincerely, though often mistakenly, religious; ad will acknowledge afault committed to wards hIis poorest follower in a moment of pision with sincerity and grace .. His faith is signal: Without Christ, Its says, I am nothing; if he has des tined me to purify and reform this distracted kingdom, with His aid who shall stay me; nay, sometimes hbi is on the point of not caring for human assistance at all, and thlis is one reason why he will not seek with much avidity for assistance for an alliance with Europe. The worst points in his character are his violollet anger at times, his unyielding pride as regards his kintgly and divine right, and his fanatical religious ceal." Here, too, we behold a ruler who established a stonding army with regular pay, to whom the peas antry looked not wish terror, but with comfort; who declared that the end of war was peaceani prosperity to the country; who instituted a reform in dress, aub situting for nature's costume the decent robes of civilised life; who showed himself to the oountryas the husband of one wife formally espoused, andthe advocate of pure morals; who instituted the adminis tration of justice; who substituted postal for oral communication, and proclaimed the privilege of all foreigners to erercise their religion. All this was said of Theodore in 1855. We are now near the close of 1867. Eleven years may make a vast difference, either for better or for worse. So long as all wont well the reforms prospered; but when treachery thwarted his movements, and disappoint ment elouded his prospects, when he discovered a want of concurrence between the promises and the performances of foreign States, the violence of his nature asserted its ascendancy. Finding that the millenium would not come on, in obedience to his peaceful institutes and his warlike exploit6, and that the world rather snubbed his Majesty than extolled his deeds, he seems to have turned upon his own works with a bitter furr of disappointment, and battered down what he had built up. The wheels of his cannon are now inscribed with these words "Theodosius the Scourge." Instead of a regularly paid army, the soldiers are instructed to eatisfy their own wants under tile general order "Eat up every thing." Something of course remains to be said in expllanation of this change, anid the effects it is likely to have upon Theodoro and his kingdom.-S. M. Herald. A monster carpet snalike was ld by Mr. W. 1I. Carterl near tlce 'residence of his brother, "The Clill'," one evening this week. Mr. Carter was indulging in a quist smoke on the verandah, when lis aitten,ion was drawn to a coil of what hie took to be rope, but which turtled out to be a hugo carpet snake, in the act of crushing a rat prrevios to swallowing it for supper. M?r. Carter with a blow of a stick disabled the snake and put an end to the moiseries of tIle rat. On cautting the brute open two rats were found in its stomach quite whole, but miinus hair--one was alivero, and when tihe snake was openead the rat began to sing, and when opportu nity happened bolted, and lives to tell his miraeulouns adventure in the belly of a carpet snake to his brother rte.-Clerreland RBay a,'prels. 