RITUALISM. THE BISHOP OF CARLISLE'S PASTORAL LETTER. To tub Clfrgy and Laity op the DiocPbB op _ _Ca11L1IiLZ. Dbaii Bufthhen,-There can be no longer any aouoi that there exis'6, at this moment, within the pale of the Church of England, nn organized combination, the object of which is the reinstatement amongst us of those distinctive observances and doctrines of the Church of Rome which were cast forth at the time of the blessed Reformation The Sacrifice of the Mass, -with all its attendant vestments, lights, censings, and prostrations Auricular Confession, with all its consequent sacer- dotal influences, loosening family ties of Gods institution and working through fraternities and sisterhoods of man's invention,-these and other essentially Popish teachings and practices ore now inculcated and defended, by men who have subscribed to the formularies, and who retain their position ob ministère of the Protestant establishment of our land With these formularies themselves an actual dissatisfaction is no longer denied , while the endeavour is made to supplement what is held to be defective, if not to neutraliso what is considered to be erroneous, by the introducuon of hymns of ominous doctrinal import, in unaccustomed, but highly signi facant, places in the celebration of Divine worship Nay, more than this, services are held, over and abo\ c the uBiial Daily Prayer and Communion Office, for which there is no legal warranty whatsoever, and in which the Romewartl tendencies of the devotee mete ?with more satisfaction than he could otherwise attain within our borders Nor are thero wanting plain indic-itions that even Manolatry itself ia regarded as that to which a close approximation may very desi- rably be mude Of tue issue of all this there can be little question Thirtj veais ago, at the earliest commencement of the movement, which has now assumed such alarm- ing proportions, it wns the solemn, the eager, the constant asseveration of its leaders, that it would never conduct its votaries to Rome So far from it, its express object waa, thoy declared, to prevent their going thither the revival, it was alleged, was An- glican, not Roman But where are most of our leaders3 where are hundreds of their disciples amongst our clergj ind our 1 nty now5 They are in Rome And so, at this hour, many aTe forward to protest that the movement, even in its present ad- vanced stage, is not Roman, but Anglican And not a few of these are, I am quite prepared to believe, sincere in their disclaimer For the phantasy of a visible uniformity in the professing Church has taken such entire possession of their minds, that their affections are wholly engaged in the attempt to bring about, at almost any coat, a reunion of Episcopal Christendom Hence the zeal with which they throw themselves into the endeavour to explain away the fundamental doctrinal differences between the two communions, and to assimilate the external ceremonial of our sanctuaries to that which mnv be seen in those of the " Roman obedience." Hence also the fond expectation that Rome may yet be constrained, as adversities thicken around her, to modify her pretensions and diminish the stringency of her demands upon our faith and our practice But Rome hersplf holds out no encouragement She pro- claims that they are cherishing a delusive hope, and that submission, total and absolute is the only con ditton upon which she can readmit them to her fellowship What, then, must the end be5 It must be the absorption into the Papal vortex of the more unless and impassioned spirits of the Ritualistic school, while its disciples of deeper guile and sterner resolve will tarry within our communion to do the work of the enemy by under- mining our Scriptural faith, until, in another gene ration, the bulwarks of our Pro'estont Church shall be sought for in vain, nnd another gospel which is not another shall oe found to have usurped the place of the truth as it is in Jesus But, indeed, if things go on as thev do at present, who bhall say that a fearful renction, similar to that of the later half of the seven teenth century, shall not, even before these thingB come to pass, shake to their foundations both the Church and the Throne of these realms - Under tncee circumstances our people, clergy, and laity nhke, very naturally, look to their bishops Hit gallant ve'sel in which we aliare embarked is in imminent peril of disaster lo whom shall those on board more reasonably turn their eyes than to the officers to w hose charge the ship is entrusted * Truly, the Lord sitteth upon the flood, j ea the Lord sittcth lung for ever ' He bath but to saj " Peace, be still,' and the winds and the waves shall obey Him But He woiks, ordinurily by means White, therefore, we call upon Him to save, lest we perish, duty bids us inquire what is the remedial course to pursue But it is moro obvious to state the problem than to discover its solution lo discern the disease is ea6v, to determine the cure is elifhcult An appeal to the courts of law has been advised But will that appeal be successful - Even suppose a verdict ob- tained on one or more points, the eiuestion will, with Protean vitality, be mooted afresh in new forms But does recent experience of the prvctice of our ecclesi- astical courts encourage the assurance that we shall easily obtain the decision of any caso upon the simple issue of its merits ? Certainly not Again legisla- tion has been contemplated, and legislation of a, directly or indirectly, declarative character may prove ultimately to be the only effectual cure But this we know from practical experience, that appeal to the magistrate ought to be the last and the forced resort It is right that we should, in the first instance, mnke use of that moral and spiritual influence which, if we are at all acting up to the responsibilities of our office, will certainlv still belong to us Upon this principle it is that I now venture to address to the flock over which the Holy Ghost hath made mo overseer, such words of emphatic and timely warning as may, by God's blessing, put them on their guard against the stealthily advancing foes of the liberty wherewith Christ hath made us free Who can tell whether the tranquillity with which we have in this diocese hitherto been blessed may not be lengthened out to us if only any who have not as jet viewed this important subject in nil aspects are enabled to receive my observations with candour and indulgence corresponding to the fidelity and affection bv which they are dictated* For indeed, my beloved brethren, I would not now break the silence which I have thus far observed, did I not firmly believe that the questions at issue are questions of vital import \s mere matters of cere monial, vestments superseded by the practice of three hundred vears must surely not intrude into a Church of ihe Reformation Repulsive indeed must be the attempts now made to issimdate our worship to that of Rome, in the eves of every upright Churchman who has, by the study of history, leamt to appreciate the vastness of that Providencial deliverance which was wrought for our Church and nation in the sixteenth century For let not any be for one moment be- guiled by the inconsiderate idea that, in co operating with the movement to which I allude, they ire eui j contending for the real principles of the Church of England It ia not so And 1 am confident that, m so speaking, I have the hearty assent of the vast majority both of my clergy and my laity-whatever may be the shades of their opinion upon matters in which, to the very end of time, Christians may con- sent to differ But I take higher ground They seri- ously under estimate the evil who speak of it as simply one of liturgies and ceremonial. Dogma underlies the whole—-dogma, as these Ritualists them- selves openly avow, apart from which candles on the miscalled altar lighted at noonday, stoles and chasubles and copes of costly fabric and gorgeous hue, fragrant incense and melting music would not be worth contending for And what is that dogma One which they may indeed themselves believe to be distinguishable from Transubstantiation, but which no Scripturally-instructed Christian mind can discover to differ from it in reality And mark well all that follows ' The one offering of the body of Jesus Christ upon the cross, once for all, is, by a perpetually iterated re-presentation in the Eucharist, at least implied to have been insufficient for the putting away of sin, and the sinner is drawn aside from a saving faith in the Word which testifies of that finished work, to a superstitious confidence in a carnal participation of the consecrated elements For one among many proofs that this statement of the doctrinal tendency oi the sacerdotal system which I would here denounce, is not too strong, we may refer to the subtle refinements with which in some cases, and the abundant scorn with which in others, that most wholesome doctrine of justification by faith only in the merits of our Lord and Saviour Jesus Christ is treated by not a few of the teachers and writers of this school And indeed that oft- repeated and most comfortable word of our Saviour Christ, "Verily, verily, I say unto you, he that believeth on me, hath everlasting life," ill comports with the pretensions of an earthly priesthood to which it appertains, not only to receive the laboured confes- sion, and to prescribe the humiliating penance, winch must precede the remission of the sins of the living but also to present the stupendous sacrifice and to ofler the plaintive suffrage, which are needful to obtain for " all who sleep in Christ, refreshment, light, and peace " If these things be so, is it not, my brethren of the clergy, your Bishop's bounden duty to entreat you to shun the very " appearance " of this " evil" » Depend upon it that danger is near, whenever any are tempted to introduce such changes into the ordering and arrangement of their chancels as tend, through the eye, to teach the worshipper that the Lords Table (the only name by which that instru- ment of holy service is Jcnown to our Prayer book) is in truth an altar of expiatory sacrifice ; or when any shall be moved to adopt such postures in leading the devotions of the congregation, and espe- cially in the celebration of the Lord's Supper, as shall indicate a wish to be regarded as mediators between the people without and the Deity locally present within a New Testament Holy of Holies. Nor may I shrink from professing my conviction that there will aleo be manifest appearance of this evil when, in the supplications made on these occasions, the thing tpoken is 60 concealed, either by rapid or by musical utterance, that it almost amounts to worshipping in a tongue not understanded of the people. Innovations like these, introduced into our parish churches by the clergy of their own mere motion, in conscious contravention of the well-known wishes of their spiritual superiors, could not fail to neutralise their ministry for the salvation of souls, if only by the suspicions which they would awaken, and the dis- sensions which they would provoke. But few would the ¡nBtanceB be where the evil would stop here. The bewitchments cf the enchantress are too potent. By the lust of power she would entice the clergy onward still, step by step ; while too many of the laity would be allured by the fascinations of a "system which, giving lull play to fancy and feeling, relieves the conscience of the individual, by the flattering delusion that his personal responsibility may be transferred to the earthly priesthood, by which he permits hinmlf to be implicitly guided. And here I would address a word of special exhor- tation to my brethren of the laity. For indeed, should so distressing on emergency arise as that which I have been deprecating, they would have their appropriate duties to discharge in this matter. A few at least there would alwoyB be, of either sex, in every parish, who would gather round an innovating clergyman and mislead him into the not unwelcome persuasion that his flock in general approved the course which he waa pursuing. And this belief would oo fostered by the fact that the eagerness of partisanship will often, in combination with an unhallowed and rec-rehensible curiosity in some and a commendable unwillingness to rend old associations in others, succeed in maintaining the oppearance of full congregations, even in churches from which the souls of the hungry are being driven by the lack of pasture. But the really chief men of the assembly should take proper heed that, so far as they at least are concerned, this delusion was dispelled. Secret whimperings of dissatisfaction poured into sympathizing cars, would not meet the case ; what it would now demand-if they loved their own souls and the souls of their children-would be the firm and fearless, and withal affectionate and respectful remon- strance with the pastor himself, which bids him be- ware lest he casts stumbling blocks before the little ones of Christ's flock. There are few, I trust very few, if any, of the clergy who would not recognise in such kindly dealing, the faithful discharge of a painful Christian duty. And so regarding it, would they not be constrained to return to those good old paths of Church of England worship, from which perchance they had for a moment been diverted by other and li sa legitimate influences acting upon morbid and but partially informed consciences ? But, of all the laity, let the churchwardens especially be true to their office. The laity, brethren, be it never forgotten, are an integral portion of the Church. It is a voluntary humility, as mischievous ne it is un-English, whenever the laity, yielding to an assumption ol the clergy, such as the líitualism of the day is designed to upho'ld, are led to lose sight of this fact. As representing the laity, the churchwardens' are associated with the clergy m the custody of the fabric and the maintenance of order during the service of the house of God. The clergy have right to claim the respectful attention and the loving allegiance of their people. But the people, on their part, have right to claim that scriptural soundness of doctrine and that reformed simplicity of worship which con- stitute their Heritage as sons and daughters of the Church of England. To the churchwardens it appertains to enforce, to maintain, and, if need be, to prosecute that claim. And the law clearly points out the manner in which they may discharge this duty. No material changes whatever can legally be made in the fabric, arrangements, and furniture of a conse- crated church, without the consent first of the parishioners, and secondly of the ordinary. The latter must be obtained in due course through the Con- sistory Court of the diocese. The laity in general, and the churchwardens in particular, should-if mild, though firm, remonstrance fail-avail themselves of tV ese safeguards against innovations, and never, on any consideration, in tilencc permit serious and sig- nificant alterations to be made without authority. And it would not be difficult for them to obtain a hearing for their complaints. For each recurring year gives one stated opportunity at the least, on, which the churchwardens are called upon to "pre- sent " any neglect of duty, any breach of the law ecclesiastical, of which their clergy may, in their judgment, have been guilty. And the Bishop, with his duly appointed ecclesiastical efiicers, is at all times accessible to those who seek instruction, counsel, and retirees at their hands. Nur, in the trying circumstances which I am sup- posing, let my lay orethren be deterred from the practical recognition of these fucts and their corre- lative obligatious, by the social amiability or the ministerial earnestness of nny of the clergy who may have been tempted to diverge into these perilous paths. Even a heathen has taught us that truth is more precious than friendship. Faul withstood Peter to the face rather than permit the least tampering with the sincerity of the Gospel. And you must not suffer the alleged" devotion of the leading propagators of the noxious errors against which I would caution you, to be admitted as a palliation of their otfence, much less as a proof that they are absolutely in the right. Surely any who are disposed thus to reason must have forgotten the admonitory voice of Scripture and the conhrmatory record of history. Scripture prepares us for the irruption of grievous wolves not sporing the flock ; and it bids us expect them to draw near in sheep's clothing. The enemy who sows tares in the midst of the wheat while men sleep, knows better than to send emissaries who Bhall startle those amongst whom they move. Unsoundness of doctrine accom- panied by carelessness of life would be the bane attended by its antidote. Accordingly the chronicles of the Church in all generations proclaim the fact that the propagators of even fatal heresies have been often men. of much cul- ture, zeal, and devotion. Arius, for example, was a mun of considerable learning, acuteness, and elo- quence, not unaccompanied by an apparently blame lets life. Such, at least, was the testimony of his most determined opponents. Even bo it may be now. Fe/, to turn once again to the pages of inspiration, let us not forget what the Scriptures say of one who is at times transformed into an angel ol'light, and whose ministers-little as they may be conscious of it them- selves-may be urged onward by him, under the guise of ministers of righteousness. No, brethien, the only final, the only decisive stan- dard of appeal inuft be the Scriptures of truth. "To the law, and to the testimony, if they speak not accoiding to this word, it is because there íb no light in them." "Whether men are right or wrong can only be determined by us with safety, by the agreement or disagreement of what they teach with the infallible Book of God. And really there is no room in this case for misconception or misrepresentation. So far from accepting the challenge of the Lord himself, " Search the Scriptures,"-sofarfromencouraging their disciples to5 imitate the noble Bereans, who, even when a Paul carno in all the plenitude of Apostolic authority and Divine inspiration, still searched the Scriptures daily whether these things were so-these men call uj.on their hearers rather .to yield an implicit, an unquestioning allegiance to their teach- ings as to the voice of the Church. How abhorrent is such assumption to the principle which is enunciated in the Sixth, and pervades all the rest of the Thirty-nine Articles of Religion, it is not necessary to indicate. And this urges me, in conclusion, to speak, yet once again, especially to my brethren of the clergy. I know well, for I have gone out and come in amongst you unceasingly, the great difficulties with which, more or less, every one of you who would make full proof of his ministry has to grapple. "While I would again, if that were necessary, assure you of my sym- pathy and my prayers, let me entreat vou i not to be tempted to use any other than the legitimate, the Scriptural instrumentality [ for compassing the resulto which we all desire. Would you see the children of your parishes growing up in the nurture and admonition of the Lord ? would I you witness an elevation in the moral tone of your joung men and your maidens ? would you minister in churches filled with punctually attending, warmly responding, and intelligently learning congre- gations of men and women and children? would you, when called upon to commit any to the ground, do it with glad hope that in the day of the Lord's appearing they shall be your joy and crown of rejoicing? Take heed, I beseech you, that you are, in deed and in truth, what these men would fain by good words and fair speeches, persuade the simple the unwary and the unstable that they themselves are, sound ministers'of tne-Church'of England. Th|e agencies they would 'hare ixe import from Italy, and from Spain ("where'indeed Ritualism, in'all its aspects is fully developed), were tried in our; own land before the Reformation, and w ere found -wanting. They have utterly failed in the lands wkich still give them full liberty of expansion. "Whatever, in outward show, might be the immediate results, when reintroduced amongst ourselves, they must, as all Scripture foré w orns us, snd all history records, ultimately prove disastrous failures-yea doubly disastrous-disastrous, in the ruin of countless souls whom they shall entice away from the Rock of Ages to the shifting sand-f disastrous hy sapping, in the depravation of the Scriptural tone of the religion our people, the very foundations of our national strength. Be strictly conformable then, as I have already reminded you, in matters of discipline. Remember a question put and an answer given, on the most solemn day of your lives. "Will you," the Bishop asked, " reverently obey your ordinary and other chief minis- ters, unto whom is committed the charge and govern- ment over you, following, with a glad mind and will, their godly admonitions, and submitting yourselves to their godly j'udgments ?" "I will do so, the Lord being my helper," wub your reply. This point is one upon which 1 can unfeignedly declare that I should much prefer to be silent. But loyalty to my God, and love to his people, constrain meto entreat my brethren, should the hour of temptation ever come, to pause first and ponder well how inconsistent it is to plead a single rubric, concerning which so many question- ings exist, as an excuse for innovation, andyet,_at the same time, by not previously conferring with their Bishop, to ignore the plain direction relating to such doubtful cases which is given in the preface to the Prayer Book. God is my witness that it has, now for bíx years, been my constant endeavour to encour- age, as I promised in my primary Charge, a franke . ness and freedom of brotherly intercourse between myself and all my clergy. , But, above all, bo careful that, while you '* rightly and duly administer " Christ's " holy sacraments, as the Lord hath commanded, and ts this Church and realm hath received the same," you also " both by your life and doctrine set forth his true and lively Word." In life, "' be diligent," as you, on the same memo« rabie occasion, promised and vowed that you would, " to frame and fashion your own selves, and your families, according to the doctrine of Christ, and to make yourselves and them, as much as in you lieth, wholesome examples and patterns to the flock of Christ." Be faithful to this engagement, and all the moral weight which you can legitimately desire, in the guidance and government of your flocks, will, with constantly increasing readiness, fee ever ac- corded. Be unfaithful to it, and no amount of sacerdotal assumption will supply the glaring deficiency. In doctrine, let no fear of man's reproach deter you from setting forth in its freeness, its fulness, its effi- cacy, its sufficiency, that message of reconciliation, with which you have been put in trust by the great Shepherd and Bishop of souls. By this alone can you save your own souls, and the souls of them that hear you. By this alone can you conquer in the war- fare which, too certainly, lies before you. And, for your encouragement, never forget that it was before the simple Gor-pel of the Grace of God that Paganism, in the early days of the Christian Church, tottered and fell. It was before the same Gospel that, at the blessed Reformation, Popery was shaken to its foun- dations. "They overcame him by the blood of the Lamb and by the word of their testimony." If, in these days of rebuke and blasphemy, we would successfully do battle with the triple alliance of Neologian "infidelity, Romanizing superstition, and worldly-minded Indifferentism, we must employ the same sword of the Spirit still. ''For though we walk in the flesh, we do not war after the flesh ; for the weapons of our warfare are not carnal, but mighty through God to the pulling down of strongholds casting down imaginations, und every high thing that exalteth itself against the knowledge of God, and bringing into captivity every thought to the obedience of Christ." And now, brethren, commending you to God and te the Word of His grace, which is able to build you up, and to give you an inheritance among all them that are sanctihed, I subscribe myself, "Your faithful and affectionate Friend and Bishop, Samuel Ca.iu.islb. Rose Castle, December 11, 1866. 