LATEST ENGLISH NEWS. . Abridged from the Courier.) Adelaide, October 13. iho ,'Knngatira arrived at denote after a passage of ono hundred hours. ' Sho was over six days Teaching the Sound from Adelaide. Tho Bombay arrived at tho Sound on the 8th instant, having left Gallo on tho 24tli Sep tember. She brings dates per Indo- European telegraph to September 22. She was delayed in consequence of the steamer Surat having grounded on a reef in' the Red Sea. Over a thousand bales or cotton were thrown overboard to lighten tho Sural, but all efforts failed to get her off. London, August 26. The Queen's health isimproving. Tho Princess of , W ales lias thoroughly recovered. Prince Alfred has been warmly received at Rio Janeiro. An insurrection of a formidable character has broken out in Spain. Several conflicts have taken place between the royal and rebel forces, and martial law has been declared. General Prim has taken command of tho insurgents, whoso avowed purpose is to dethrone tho Queen. England has declared war against Abvssinia. The Viceroy of Egypt has been requested by Her Majesty s Government to provido fivo thousand camels for the convcyar.co of stores for tho Eng lish troops. Several transports have been engaged. 1 ho expedition is to he under the command of Sir H. Napier, In Itidiri the expedition to Abyssinia occupies 11 great deal of attention. Tho captives are eaitl to he iu good health. The Indian contingent to the expedition will consist of two batallions of artillery, three regi ments of cavalry, ten regiments of native infantry, and two regiments of the line. They were to be despatched in August. Tho Emperor Napoleon lins visited Vienna, and returned. On his return ho made speeches in various parts of Franco of a pacific character. It is said that ho intends to visit Berlin. The correspondence between tho English and American Governments respecting the Alabama has been Irouglit to a conclusion. The latter requests that its claims shnll bo submitted to arbitrations r Railway' trains havo successfully crossed Mont Cenis. Tho Reform BXI has been declared law. Parliament has been prorogued. The press expresses an opinion that late events havo left Franco without a single ally on tho continent of Eurono. Cholera has broken out at Rome and Naples, and a panic prevails in thoso cities. The Garibaldinns are advancing on Rome. Presideot. Johnson and Secretary Staunton' havo come to nn open rupture. The former still retains office. A negro is to bo nominated Vice- President at the next election. General Grant protests against tho President rcmovingGeneral Sheridan from his command. Great riots havo occurred In Ireland between Protestant and Catholic parties, in which the ter mer were victorious. Tho month has been prolific in railway acci dents and startling crimes. Achievement lins won tho St. Lcger. Cretan advices report the insurrection at an end. Latest Spanish telegrams Teport the insurgents successful, and that the royal troops have been defeated in several encounters, and are losing ground. General Mancro has been killed, Iu Franco tho Government organs assert that the royalist' droops are successful in Spain. Tbo Opposition journals contains nows favourable to tho Spauish rebels. The Hungarian Chambers have declared thnt 25 per cent, of tho public debt is tlio utmost that Huugary will pay. It-is asserted tbat a friendly joint vote will shakily bo despatched in tlio name of tho French nnd Austrian Governments to Berlin, asking Prus- sia to arrange for the re&loiailuu; of Nuitli Qvlilca- wig'to Denmark, according to promise. B.tvnria nnd Wurtcmbcrg declino joining a South German Confederation under tho leader ship of Austria, and prefer rcmaiuing indepen dent States. Rumours of an agreement between the Emperor Napoleon nnd tho Emperor of Austria, to prevent tho union of North and South Germany, is caus ing a strong feeling in Berlin, nod is denouoccd ns dangerous to the peace of Europe. The general opinion is that tho interview that took plnco at Siisburg (?) between tbo two Em- porors is tho prcludo to grave events, and the, Prussian journals are very bitter in their com ments thereon. Prussia bas scut a proposal to Italy to renew tlio'nllianco between tho two powers. Tlio French journals comment on this in a very warlike tone. It is rumoured that Geocral Grant, in the Cabi net! Council, advocates the adoption of a more liberal policy towards tho South. Orders have been sent to General Tickly not to interfere with tho action of tbo Federal Courts. . Tlio Turkish frigate Izjondnr, after a desperate engagement, drovo tho 'Cretau blockade runner Arcadia oshoro, with great loss of life. Despatches from the Commodore of Iho Russian fleet in the Mediterranean stutc that whilst a Prussian vessel was embarking Cretan rcfugcos, a Turkish frigate interfered. Both vessels pre pared for action, but negotiations prevented a conflict. Omar Pasha says thnt if the insurrection spreads Russia will be bold nccouolable. Tlio Tycoon of Japan is reported to have abdi cated in favour of bis brother Omari. Seventy native Christians have been arrested at Nagasaki. It is thought tbat tho French Ad miral will interfere. The movements of tho rebels cause considerable anxiety nt Pekin. An Expedition to California has started over land from Shanghai. At Pcnang serious riots have. occurred amongst tho Cbhie»e. Very many houses have been burned, and about six hundred lives lost. Omtuary. — Professor Farraduy, tho Duke of Northumberland, Lord Clinton, Earl of Mayo, Lord- Dunkeilin, Lord Polwortli, and Sir John M'Tnggnrt. commercial. The unemployed capital continues to increaso. The banks being unable to lend money, for which there'is absolutely no demand, are only allowing I ur cent, on now accounts. Consols are un steady. Latest quotations are 91. Australian Government securities are in domniul. Large in vestments havo boon inado at advanced prices. Tho following nrc latest quotations : — Now South Wales 5 per cents., 92 ; G per cents., 98. Queens land, 99 to 101. New Zealand, 91 to 05. Vic toria, 111 J to 112$. South Australian, 105 to 107. Tho Bunk of Australia bas declared a dividcud of 12$ per cont. Tho wool sales commenced on tho loth of August. Tho total nutnbor of bales catalogued were one hundred and fifty thousand. English buyers operated largely. Opeulng prices were equal to thoso obtained nt last sales, and higher rates nrc expected to rulo uuless unpleasant poli tical events occur. Tho exports for the mrmMi chntn » dnrrenso of £170,000. rupaily on exports to Sydney nnd Quucosiand. Ucst Australian bides have had a ready sale, ami brought a slight advnnco on former rates. Tallow is rather inactive. Australian is in slightly better demand. Latest quotations are £14 to £45 per ton. Wheat is two to threo shillings lower. Metals are steady. Copper is firmer. Australian, £83 to £65 per ton. Cotton is ratler lower. The demand at prcsot.t ii limited. £S£$SF,£5E- B35S=s«iSfS amounts they will receive wflr ifAY:tmWwy6.iha- Tlie remains of a man have been found in the bush, about three miles from Buignndramino." The man is supposed to be dead nine or ten months. When discovered, the body had on moleskin trousers, a new pair of boots, and a Scotch twill shirt ; his hat was still on his head. Beside the body, there was a pint pot and a box of matches. About last Christmas, a swag was was picked up near the spot by a stockman. . The remains are evidently thoso of an elderly person ; aud it is thought that ho died from thirst. Last Bumme? there was not a drop 'of water for thirty miles along tho rond he must have travelled. During the week the following stock have passed : 900 head of store cattlo (Mr. T. Baird'tj), for Victoria ; 200 prime fat cattle (Mr. T. Baird's), from Bellaringar for Melbourne; 50 good fat cattle (Mr. Phillips'), for Orange or Bathnrst ; 600 fat wethers (Mr. Crawford's), from Crowco Creek for Bnthurst. I hear that Mr. Brown, sheep- inspector, intends prosecuting Mrs. Kcennn, Mr. Kerr, and Mr. McNuvin, for allowing their sheep to travel without being branded ncccording to tho Act.— Correspondent 'Dubbo Despatch,' Sep tember 30. Violent Hurricane.— On last Wednesday afternoon, a violent hurricane was experienced in the direction of Lambing Flat, causing consider able damage and endangering life in some in stances. From various sources we Icarn thu fol lowing particulars : — A carrier named Paine, who lives at the Flat, while travelling with two laden waggons, was caught in the windstorm when on on an eminence, and tho ponderous vehicles were blown over. There were more than three tons on each waggon, consisting of goods for Messrs. Watson Brothers ; both goods and waggons were much damaged. The horses were released by cutting the harness, which was nn additional loss to Paine. Paitio himself was reported to have been killed, but he managed to cscnpo with a few slight bruises. About forty rods of two-rail fencing on Mr. James Roberts' station at Curra- wang were taken clean away, and everything for the breadth of a mile was blown down and car ried away, including dwellings of various descrip tions. Tho hurricane passed in the direction of Burrown, from whence wo may expect to hear of great damage. At the while bridge, between Mr. F. R. Hume's and Mr. Besnnre's property, a track of over a mile is completely cleared of trees or where they were not uprooted tho bends were snapped. A portion of Mr. A. H. Hume's fencing nt Evcrton, was borne off, as well as the dwelling of Mrs. Britton, at Pudman Greek. This was a slab building. Seven sliecp belonging to Mr. F. B. Humo were killed by a falling tree, and a boy at Mr. Hume's was struck on the head by a limb, but not seriously injured. A watch- box was carried over the plains. The telegraph posts and wires were very much damaged. Tho storm reached Burrowa aouut wa-rowaa",. n..i in all places succeeded the hurricane, the hail stones being unusually large.—' Yass Courier/ October 5. Fatal Occurrence.— On Wednesday lnsf , an old resident of tho district, Thomas Parkinson, was suffocated while clearing out a wc-'ll for Mr. J. Samuels, junr. It appears that deceased con tinued to sink without securing by slabs the shaft. About 10 o'clock on Wednesday pieces from the sides of tho well began to fall in, and Parkinson was asked to leave the work, but ho declined. About 11 o'clock a largo body of earth fell in and completely covered tho unfortunate man. A number of people wore quickly on tho spot, and Mr. Edwin Davis courageously descended the shaft, and slabbing tbo sides of tbo well, com menced digging, and having removed about eight feet of earth, bo enmo to tbo body, but, ns was ex pected, tho vital spark had fled. Tho remains t voro tnken up. and nn inquiry touching the acci- dent was held before tho District Coroner (Dr. Tibhits) tbo same afternoon, at Mr. M'Cnlluro's Telegraph Hotel. Tho following evidence was given -Sub-Inspector Norton deposed to having re- ccivcd information tbat ono Tbomas Parkinson was supposed to bo killed by tbo falling in of earth; went immediately nnd ascertained from deceased's mate (Osborne) tbat ho had boon down the well nnd found tho body of deceased covered with oarth ; took steps to bavo the body disin- tcrred ; saw tho body about half-past two, and life was quito extinct. James Samuols, junior, said he employed deceased to clean out a well ; ho was working with James Osborne ; told Osborne to secure tbo well before going further, for deceased had gooo down ; slabs were on tbo premises and might have been used to secure tho well ; told Farkiuson of this. James Osborne stated that he and Parkinson commenced clearing out a well for Mr. Samuels ; ho worked for soma time (deceased below) ; I just let the bucket down, and heard a noise like dirt falling in, and I also heard deceased call out ' Oh;' I looked over and saw a lot more earth fall in ; I could see deceased when I first looked down ; ho was standing on tho windless side ; a lot of dirt fell on him aud completely covered him ; I sang out for Mr. .Roper to come : we tried to get tho bucket out which lind been buried, and could at this time hear deceased groan ; we got another ropo, and I went down, nnd heard a very low gurgling sound, whicb lasted only a moment ; I told Roper to pull me up and wc got other holp nnd got the body out ; 1 did all I could to persuade him to come out and slab the well before proceeding; deceased said ho must sec water before ho began to slab. Edwin Duvics said he assisted to got deceased out of the well; when ho camo to the body it was standing quito upright in the corner ; doconsed must have been smothered by tho earth. Tho jury returned a verdict that the deceased, Thomas Parkinson, aged about fifty years, came by his death from suffocatiou, caused by the falling in of earth whilo at work in a well on the premises of Mr. James Samuels, junior.— Dubbo Dispatch, October 4. Fanoy Dancing. — Tho La Crosse 4 Demo- crab' cautions young men who can't danco tho fancy dances not to go to & ball with a young lady who can, and adds a few sugges tions as follows : — " If wo ever havo children, wo shall teaoh them those fancy dances to tho neglect of their Catechism. Not that they will enjoy tho hopping around, first on one foot, then on the other, then on both, but they will havo such a good chauco to hug other folks' wives and sweethearts. This is the secret of tbo dancing. No ono can object then. But if a fellow were to sit by tho side of his own wife, oven in a ball-room, and hug her half as hard, well, wouldn't tlicro bo remarks? Guess uotl (.Wo speak ironically.) Talk about going to pic nics, visiting weddings, going to applc- cuts, sparking by moonlight, sitting on tho porob Sunday evenings, and stealing a kiss every timo a star shoots (that's the nicest gniuc !), sluigb ridiug by the side of a rcd'chcckcd girl, or eating happiness with a golden spoon— all, all theso siuk into insigni ficance when fancy dancing comes on. But tbon, if a follow don't know how, and takes to a party a pretty girl what does j and if ho has to sit on a cold bench and sco another fellow doing tho sweet hugging of that angolic creature that ho paid his ticked-monoy to do j it's awful ! Just to sit still and seo anothor's arm whero yours should bo — her head wbcro if gir?"to aAVancy"danciDg party uuless you know all the ropes !" Very Southing. — Brigands ia Greece pour boiling oil on thoir captives to extort llicir money. That's au unpalatable " ilo " of Greece. Thievino by Beackfellows.— Tho 'Cuu. rior Bays tbat on Friday aftornoon last, a very daring act of thievery was perpetrated by a couplo of blackfcllowa. They watched their chance, and suddenly ran into tho bar of the Victoria and aiiatcdtU-Tjjf W by a Mr. Simpson, four bottles of porter, with which they pom as fast as their legs could carry them. Tho thieves were traced to a camp beyond Boweu Bridge, by two of the police, who were dressed in plain clothes. On getting to the camp the polico found three blacks, ono of whom, Charlio Morris, they managed to secure, whilo tbo two others made good their escape iuto a scrub near at hand. Ono of tho two hod a coat on, and had the bottles in its pockets, hut ho threw them down before going into tho scrub. Neglect of Health.— Little docs tho pampered child of fond and indulgent parents know what illness is to the poor and destitute j or what it may be to her when her mother's band is cold and helpless in the tomb, and when her own bead is no longer 'sheltered by a father's roof. Thus we find young girls so often practising a certain kind of rocklcBsness, and contempt of health— Day, even encourag ing, I will not say affecting, a degree of delicacy, . feebleness, and liol ility to bodily ailments which, if they were n it accustomed to tho kindest attentions, w<uld bo tho last calamity they would wish to bring upon them selves. How important it is for such indi viduals to remember that the constitution of the body, as well as that of the mind, is, in a good degree, of their own forming ; tbat tho. season of youth is the timo when tho seeds of disease are most generally sown ; and that no ono thus circumatnncod can suffer a loss of health without inflicting the penalty of anxious solicitude, and, frequently, of unremitting personal exertion upon .those by whom ehc is surrounded or beloved. Fanciful and ill- disciplined young women are apt. to think it gives them an attractive air, and looks like au absence of selfishness, to be indifferent about tho preservation of their health ; and thus they indulgo the most absurd caprlciousncss with respect to their diet, sometimes refusing altogether to cat at proper times, and eating most improperly nt others; running about wet grass with tliio shoes, as if they really wifibed to take cold, making no difference between their summer and winter clothing, or casting off a warm dress for an evening party ; refus ing to take medicine when necessary, or taking it unsanctioned by their parents or lest advisers: all these they appear to consider as most engaging features in the female character, v.. --- tftH them .snob conduct ts, m reality, .the most consummate selfishness, because it inevitably produces tho effect of makiDg them the objects of much unnecessary attention, and of Inflicting an endless catalogue of troubles and anxieties upon their friend?; How often docs the stern discipline of life inflict its own punishment for this folly ? but, unfortunately, not often enough, in all instances, to stop the progress of tuo host of maladies, which aro thus produced. — 1 The Book of Health. A Chinese Juggler. — As soon as ho h&d; cleared a circlo with tbo "old string and balls," he spread tbo contents of bis wallet on the ground, and stripped himself to the waist. Ho was a poor thin fellow who seemed to suffer from the effects of the tricks ho per formed. Ilo first of all spoke for about fivo minutes with all - tbo volubility of Charlca Matthews, evidently saying something witty, for tho people round laughed heartily. In tho middle of bis harangue, however, ho woa seized with a fit of choking, and after an effoit at trying to got something out of his throat, drew forth a slip of bamboo, like a Lisbon toothpick, then another and another; then ho sneezed, and out they came from his nostrils, then from his eyes, until he completed the number of thirty-seven, by making ooo appear half-way out of each orifico at the same lime, and then threw tbo lot on tbo ground for any one to examine. Ho next took three glass balls, about an inch in diameter, and placing them singly betweon his lips, sucked them into his mouth, and swallowed the first, a red one, then a blue, and lost of all a white ono; hero was a little interlude of toothpicks and talking, aftor which ho walked gravely round tho ring, stopping four timcB ; each time ho gave himself a jump and a shake, when tire balls wore distinctly beard to jinglo inside him. Ou completing his round, after several efforts, ho spat tho balls out on tbo ground iu tho same order ho bad swallowed them — tbo red first, the whito last. Ho then took two more balls, one of polished steel, about tbo size of a hen's egg, and another of glass the satire size. These no first let fall on tho ground to show they wore solid; then, placing them between his lips, swallowed them jiko tho smaller ones, but with difficulty, tho hall swelling tho throat as it went down ; here moro. toothpicks and talking, while ho prepared two swords, about an inch wido and twenty long, very like polished hoop-iron, clashed them together to 6how that they wero real, and passed them both down his throat &t; onec, until thoy struck the balls with an audible click ; withdrawing these, ho placed his bands behind him, nnd after several apparently pain ful trials, each ball rose in the throat, o'nd foil from his mouth to tbo grouod with a hoary thump. Other tricks ho did, only suitable to a cbincso audienco. " Now, gents," said a Yankee at dinner, "guess I'll show you somcthin' that no critter iu this room ever seed nforc, and not a critter liviu' ever will see 'gain. D'yo bet?" Tho bet was made, and tbe Yankco took a nut off tbo dessert plate, and on cracking it, bold up tlio kcrnal between his finger and thumb. " Now, gents, I calculate none of ycr ever seed that kcrnal afore, and (swallowing it) guess you'll never seo it again. Pleaso fork out." It waB done. Anecdote of Napoleon HI. and Lord Eloin. — "After all," said Louis Napoleon, Emperor of tho French, to Lord Elgin, guest and Viceroy Elect, " I think I have done some thing sinco I saw you in London, Russia defeated, Italy revived, Paris rebuilt, tbo Revolution bridled, something has been accom plished." " Your Majesty," said tho polito Scotchman, " forgets the greatest of your achievements." " Eh 1 what is that — tho. greatest ?" " Your majesty has mado of tho English a military nation." Giving up the Ghost. — A cunrr inj» of Hamlet, "for this night only, "performed tho part so badly that he was hissed off. The manager came forward, bowed gracefully, put bis hand on his heart, announced that " Smith had agreed to givo up tho ghost," bowed again, retired, aud all was pcaco onco more. 