(IRON ORB TBLEQEAPHIO 'oOBBEflrONDEKTS } DALBY. x March 21. ABOUT forty-six navvies, with families, have been in town for the last week. They cannot get paid for their work on the line. The Police Magistrate in supplying them with rations. Their conduct is very orderly. The weather is of a sultry character. Trade still continues dull. SYDNEY. March 21. At the weekly wool sales business was brisker owing to the small number of bales catalogued. Sheepskins were also firmer in price. Forged notes, purporting to have been issued by the Auckland Branch of the Bank of New South Wales, are in circulation here. In the markets there is little change. Bread stuffs are firmer. Sales of Martell's brandy, in bulk, have been made at 6s. 3d., in bond. MELBOURNE. March 21. At the sale of Mr. O. B. Fisher's racing stud held to-day at Maribyrnong, Fishhook, Byeor old, realised 1500 guineas ; the Dane, 4 year old, 300 guineas and Angler, 4 year old, 25 guineas. All the other horses were withdrawn from Sale. Messrs. Callander and Co. have failed. ADELAIDE. March 21. The Grovernment have received authentic information of the existence of a gold field at the Barrier Ranges. There are about eight hundred diggers and others on the ground. The prospects are reported to be good, but water is exceedingly scarce. WB room by this mail that Mr. Jordan has completed the arrangements for surrendering the charge of the Queensland Emigration Office in London, which has been handed over to a Mr. Wheeler. In another column will be found a letter from Mr. Herbert which will assist in removing some of the erroneous impressions which have been afloat here with reference to the management of our emigration affairs in England. PJEB the Clarence and Lady Young, we have files of papers from Rockhampton, Bowen, and Cleveland Bay. Owing to the necessity of supplying our readers with the latest English news, we are compelled to over-held any extracts from the Northern journals. The news contained in them, however, is not of great importance. AT an adjourned third sitting hold in the insolvent estate of Patrick Liddy, yesterday afternoon, and at which the insolvent was present, His Honor had again to advert to the reprehen- sible practice of the holders of bills of sale retaining in their possession the books of account of an insolvent. In this estate the manager of the Bank of New South Wales in Toowoomba detained the hooks and neglected to forward them to the Official Assignee. The consequence was that this meeting, of which he might have applied for and obtained his certificate, had much to the regret of the presiding judge, and to the trouble and expense of Mr. Liddy, to be adjourned over till Monday. Had this happened on the 18th. April the sitting would have been adjourned until the 24th June, the nearest insolvency day. His Honor stated that he wished for an opportunity of making an example of one of those large corporations. He directed Mr. Pickering, Official Assignee in this estate, to make a formal application for any hooks to the party so detaining them, and then upon refusal to apply for a writ of attachment, when he certainly would grant it. THE Lady Young, Q.S.N. Co's s., will sail two hours in advance of the time previously advertised to-day, in order to take a supplementary mail for England. Of course, there is a very small margin allowed, but under ordinary circumstances.' There is every chance of the Lady Young overtaking the mail ship in Sydney, thus giving our townspeople the opportunity of replying briefly to the most urgent portion of their correspondence. The steamer leaves the Q.S.N. CO. s wharf at 11 o'clock, and letters for England may be posted at the Post Office up to within half-an-hour of her leaving The mails for ordinary letters for all the colonies close at 10 a.m. and for Sydney, Melbourne, and the United Kingdom only, at 10.20 a.m. Newspapers will be received up to 9.30 a.m. WE understand that a public meeting will be held at the School of Arts, on Monday evening, for the purpose of taking steps for the formation of a Protection League An accident occurred to a young man named William Tregurtha yesterday evening. He was engaged in breaking-in young horse near the new Masonic Hall, and going near the animal to fix a bit in its month he received a severe kick in the stomach. On the recommendation of Dr. Waugh he was removed in a cab to the hospi- tal. He appeared to be suffering great pain, but was in full possession of his mental faculties. Some time ago he had his breast-bone broken by a kick. AT the Alexandra last evening a sensational drama entitled " The BOBO of Ettrick Vale" was produced for the first time. The ghost illusion was introduced with good effect. A burlesque, called " The Bride of Abydos," concluded the entertainment, which was very well received. The same performance will be repeated to-night. LAST night the drama " Lo tour de Nesle ; or, the Chamber of Death," was produced at the Royal Victoria Hall with considerable success. The effective manner in which the piece was put upon the stage certainly reflects credit on the management. The after-piece was the Irish farce of "Barney the Baron." A dog hornpipe WAS executed during the interlude by Master Massey. THE amateur dramatic performance to be given in aid of the Hospital by several of the legal profession, which was announced for Monday, April 1, has finally been fixed for Friday next, this night week. The uncertainty as to the date of the performance was caused by the absence of a gentleman who is to take a leading part in one of the pieces that will be played on the occasion. THREE are at present 42 prisoners confined at St. Helens and on board the hulk Proserpine WE (Queensland Times) are informed that several cattle have died of pleuro-pneumonia in this town and neighborhood during the last few days. It would be well for the inspector, if there is one, to make inquiry into the matter. THE Toowoomba Ohromcle"\¿o$!¡ p"As Mrs Fountain was returning in a buggy from Mr. Littleton's farm, on Saturday last, accompanied by two little boys sons of W. H. Groom,'EBq., M.L.A., and a servant girl, the driver run foul of a stump and upset the conveyance. Its inmates were all thrown forcibly to the ground by the concussion. The youngest of the little boys referred to had his collar bone broken. Through the prompt attendance and skill of Dr. Burke, the little sufferer is fast recovering. When will the Government be roused to a sense of duty they owe to the inhabitants of Highfields, and put this long neglected highway into safe and proper repair ?" A OOBBBSPOUBBrTTof thews Courier says : I have just been reading a squattocracy journal, wherein it is stated, was good asserted that bushranging is but the fruit of free selection. Dear me! Isitso? Let us just run over the names of a few notorious characters, all of whom have been either hanged or shot, or are in gaol Gardiner, Gilbert, Hall, Dunleavy, White, Manns, Fordyce, Bow, O'Meally, Jamie Bon, Lowry, McPherson, Morgan, Dunn, Sec, all of whom, and many more, were either lessees under the Crown (squatters), or the sons of squatters or men who were stockmen, or otherwise got their living by being connected with squatters and their stations." 