ItE3IARKABLE STORY OF MISTAKEN IDENTITY. (From the Glasgow Herald) IN the month of March, 1858, the dead body of a man was found floating in the Clyde, somewhere above the bridges, and taiken to thoe Iumano Society's receiving- house, where it lay for identification. It curiously hap pened at this very time that two menn wont amoissing in Glasgow, the husbands respIc tiveoly of Mrs. S. and Mrs. T. A gentleman, a friend of the latter woman, knowing of the strange absence of Mr. T., called at the dead-house to look at the corpse of the drownod man, which was considerably do composod, and could only be identified by marks not wholly dopendent on .corporeal proservwation. After a minute inspection, this gentleman came away convinced that tihe body was unquestionably that of Mr. T., to whoso wifo or widow heo communicated his conviction. Unwilling, however, to believe that her liusbaud, either by accident or design, lhad come to such an end, the woman declined at first to visit tihe dead-house for ithe purpose of setting the matter at rest. But the proprioty of iher doing so was pro sooented to her in so strong a light that she at length consented to accompany her friend, although she still hold out against the possibility of the dead body being that of her husband. Sihe could not, of course, be otherwise than satisfied of -the truth of her belief wheri, on arriving at the dead house, it was found that the corpse had boon already claimed by the other woman as the body of her husband, who had also gone amnissing. This put an end for the time to tihe more serious side of Mrs. T.'s anxiety, and sih roetrned homo, therefore, compara tively comforted-her relief,.,however, being the measure of the apparently authentic widow's grief. It will serve to show the certainty of this woman as to the identity of the corpse she had claimed and taken homo, when we mention she had applied for and received six or seven pounds of funeral money from the Liver Society, of which her husband had been a member. The remains of the man were buried in duo course, and the widow mourned as for the dead of one she could never again behold. Little did she or her friends dream of the remarkable manner in which the genuineness of her sorrow was to be speedily tested. In those days no person expects to see a ghost; neither did Mrs. S. expect to see one shortly after the funeral of the drowned man , b,, 5" - ul5 ehA'lzl moment about this time slhe wous Under tie im ression that sel saew the excused, for that husband, in prnopria h.....,,n. il ntnnlly one evening open the door of his own house and walk quietly into tihe presence of his really terrified wife. The case stood tlhus :-As the body which rhad been buried was not that of the person it was presumed to be, oa.d : ..,s tr0l otherwise unclaimed, the question arose might it not, after all, ihave been the corpse of Mr. T., whose wife was ulnwilling to be lieve that her husband was dead? Proba bility was certainly in favour of such a pro sumption; and the gentleman whom we have mentioned as having inspected the body of the drowned man, and who was personally acquainted with Mr. T., returned to his original belief, holding it more tena ciously than over, as to the identity of the corpse. Naturally, of course, the arguments which MIrs. T. formerly repelled as inade quate, now received some colour of anthen ticity from the new circumstance. We will briefly refer to those arguments, wlhich, as will be soon by the sequel, are curious in a threefold sense. In the first place, the husband of Mrs. T. was of short stature, and stout, so was the husband of the other wonmarl-and so was the body of the drowned man. In the next place, Mrs. T.'s husband wore, when lie disappeared, a nock scarf of a certain pattern-the husband of the other woman woro an exactly similar scarf so did the body that was found in the Clyde. Again, Mr. T. was known, when ihe loft home, to have one of his boots patched in a peculiar manner; one of the boots of the other woman's husband was also patched in the same style; and the boots worn by the dead body, one of them was patched exactly like that of tihe othoer two. These triple coincidences were, however, rather curious than marvellous or convincing as arguments. Thousands of moen are short and stout; thousands of men wear cravats of a similar pattern; and thousands of men wear their boots in the same manner, and are therefore obliged to have them patched in a similar style. Another small coincidence may be added. Mr. T. was known to have been a regular reader of Reynolds' Mliscollany, and a copy of that periodical was found in tilhe coat-pocket of the drowned man when he was taken from the river. hBut all such facts put together, used as arguments, must over be inconclusive in cases so serious as the identity of a human body. The most singular coincidence in thie presenort affair, howeover, remains to be indicated. We have ,already said that the body was a good deal decomposed. This was particularly true of tihe face; but other larts were better pro. served, arnd especially the left halrnd, the thumb of which lit the bowl was unusually oolarged. Noev, this was sa particoular fsa turo of T.'s lolt handl; and when the gentlo mn1r whlose conlnetion with the ll'afir we have already molotioned woont to vicew the body, one of thoe first things he did was to examineo the left hand to soo what sizo of tlureb was there. Ills surprieso rnd grief weoore groit indood whoen he discove'srd this reemarkiablo featurne co the hand of theo dInd mror, lwhi:ch at ,n()oCi con\'iino:-,ld bis thaot th(i hoihy ho s?as,;' tiIor, \er ror that of il s frions , Ilut Ih0'o gtOin looginos thoo 0,iigularity o,f lho matii Thli hii butdn of o io olho r manIll bird alo anIL ,x1 guratd th rI llllllJ) I i, 00000 iw toi i r'( rlIm', ii o ,o t - l')', )' this rio O, I i oh Otiltid to, he ,ldy 00 t00 t of it-l ' )Iingioi 1 0 .0 0 l oo rr), t110000, boeo so,' Stos-rn rofthii50 00050 kotuosooii 000 boh ro bl proved that Ihe at least had escaped a watery grave; while the continued absence of the other husband greatly strengthoned the pro bability that the corpso claimed and buried under nnother name and on account of which funeral money had boon received, was the body of Mr. T. These incidents, as already stated, occur red in the spring of 1858. Eight yoers after Mr. T. consoented to marry a second time. But even then, in order to dissipato the possibility of doubt, the widow, before the marriage, visited iher first husband's relatives in Ayrshire, to makeo sure that they know or had heard nothing of the long absent man. They assured her that they were as absolutely in the dark as herself regarding the fate of their friend. This was enough. She roturned homo to Glas gow satisfied, was married to nMr. M1., her second husband, in the beginning of April last, and up till witlhiu two months ago was living happily with him. About six or eight weeoos sinces the husband who was supposed, and not without fair cir camstantial evidence, to have boon drowned in the Clyde, presented himself suddenly in Glasgow. The offect of his coming aclk may be imagined. The surprise was, how aver, speedily over on the one side, and it was soon the absontoo's turn to be surprisod when, in reply to a question, he was in formed that his wife was certainly living, but married to another man. The returned husband and his wife-a wife in a double soenso--had of course an interview. It was a poeculiarly cruel position for the wife, who had for so many years toiled and suffered, and only at the last moment got into somo thing like smoothli water. The question will naturally occur-where was the husband all this tille ? Simply in England, quietly pursuin'sg his trade, and, we may hpresume, living ai comparativoly comfortablo lifo. We say nothing about his motives for such con duct, although we have hoard something about theom; but the more fact of such a prolonged absence in a land of railways, post-offices, and telegraphs, without com nunicating- to his wife or friends a single syllable as to ris whereabouts, lhs by no means a comely appearance. The wife has twnty deofences ; but for such conduct on the hart of the husband theor sooeems no defence wrhatovor. Who tho manu was whose body sas found in the Clyde, and who so closely resoemlled two other men, then alive, is likely to remain a mystery for over. 