WILLIAM COWPER. I stand with long departed time, And look upon thy patient face: I watch those reckless eyes of thine, And think their madness gleams I trace. I ponder o'er the matchless grace, The music of thy flowing line, Which sings of heaven's o'erarching space, The stars that in their splendour shine, Until I bow me, Cowper, at thy shrine. Thou did'st in thy great anguish weep, Although thy muse was light and free, Where billows roll and tempests sweep, In all their wild sublimity. They shall remind brave hearts of thee, While Kemperfelt shall calmly sleep With his eight hundred in the sea, Thy lays their memory shall keep. Till thou shalt yield thy dead, O mighty deep. Though madness did thy being curse, And sorely pressed thee oft' and long Yet nature did with thee converse, Thy soul repeated nature's song, When winter did the night prolong, Thou would'st her beauteous charms rehearse, In England's brave old Saxon tongue, Now consecrated by thy verse, Her beauties deck her favorite poet's hearse When soft the shades of evening fell, Thou'st wander by the river's side, And watch its wavelets heave and swell, The shadows o'er its bosom glide, The ebb and flowing of its tide, The while the distant echoes tell The postboy's advent far and wide, The twanging of whose welcome bugle, Shall soon proclaim around if all is well ! Since thou did'st bid a long £irewell, To pain and care, to time and earth, Thy'muse with her inspiring spell, Fas temper'd joy and chastened mirth; Thy mind to godlike thoughts gave birth. Fame twin'd her wreath around thy tomb And loving pilgrims fondly tell If madness was thy curse and doom, Thy grave is green with Spring's perpetual bloom. Had I the sculptor's matchless forte, I'd bid the like a Tully stand, A moulded form of regal thought, Embodied by a master's hand, In art so noble, bold and grand, A finished study, carved and wrought, Where mind and intellect expand, A shrine whose famefrom ages brought, To he throughout all time beloved and sought. DAVID BOWTELL Sandhurst, January, 1867. THE CA XLfTUMNIATORS OF VICTORIA. [Frox T'r DAILT r sNws.] The dinner given at Willis's Rooms, on Wednesday, to the hen. G. F. Verdon, Fin ance Iinister of Victoria., as reported yester day in our columns, deserves notice for reasons which go beyond its immediate occasion. Primarily a well deserved personal compli ment, it has a political significance which may not have been perceived by all who took part in it. Mr Verdon came to this country in the summer on important business; he has accomplished the mission entrusted to him by his fellow colonists, and in so doing has gained the high esteem of all with whom he has been brought into contact. Sir John Pakington and the Earl of Carnarvon, the two Ministers with whom he has had business to transact, vie with each other in testifying to his capacity and worth, and the Crown has been advised to send him back to Austrndia with marks of honor. Mr. Verdon's qualifi cations and the manner in which he has dis charged his duty, have reflected credit on the colonial community which sent him, and Vic toria was extolled on Wednesday by Ministers of the Crown with a freedom of praise to which its people have long been unaccustomed in England. After all this, let us ask, who is the hen. Mr. Verdon 1 He is and long has been, one of the chief members of that Administration which advised Sir Charles Darline in the difficult crisis of 1865, when the Victoria House of Commons had to de fend the rights of the people at once against an oligarchical Council in the colony and Mr Cardwe!l in Downing-street. As Treasurer of Victoria, Mr. Verdon not only shared the responsibility of his colleagues but-the con test turning upon questions of finance and revenne-sustained a principal part in the de bates which took place in the colonial Parlia ment. Our readers know what happened in Victoria; the people of the colony triumphed as they could not but do, over all their op ponents, and Dowvning-street unable to reach them, visited Sir Charles Darling with its displeasure, recalling him in disgrace, after a long annd meritorious career. It is equally well known what happened in England. The principal organs of our governing clas?ses day after day gave themselves upto virulent abuse of the people and Government of Victoria. No charge was too bad to be brought against them; every term of obloquy which had been employed against the Americans during the civil war was remembered and became a missile to be hurled at them. They were a leckless, tyrannical, abandoned people, the very helots of the empire, fit only to serve as a warning to the other colonies, and a per manent argument against any considerable extension of the franchise at home. We know not whether the adherents of the pre sent or the last Imperial Ministry were loudest in their denunciations of the utter and irreclaimable profligacy of the Govern ment and people of Victoria, but it is a fact that this journal stood almost alone in vindi cating the character of the colony. Imme diately following this excitement, and before Sir Charles Darling's successor had arrived out, Mr. Verdon visits this country and puts the real opinion of England concerning his colleagues and fellow countrymen to a very practical test. He asks the British public to lend the colony £850,000, for reproduc tive public works, chiefly railwVays and aque ducts, and the public at once offer £3,075,000. Such is the answer of the sober, thinking, and responsible portion of the home public to writers who have vituperated Victoria by the columl, vithout having taken even the trouble to read the laws and Constitution of the colony. If half of that which was written in English newspapers in the spring of the present year had been true, Mr. Verdon ought to have been received--or rather avoided-here as a political leper, and his financial proposals should have been met with an absolute non possumus. Instead of that, he is heartily welcomed by 'the Government, and the city opens its money bags to him. The reason is plain. In practical mattepr the people of this country do not hold th~ir conm mon sense at the service of political prejudice. They may not like universal suffrage, but when they learn that the colony has a revenue which has always been sufficient for its ex penditure; that a large portion of it is annually devoted to developing the natural resources of the country; that its expenditure on public works have been so wisely adminis tered as to become a source of profit; and that the colonial Legislature grants every year for purposes of education a sum much larger in proportion to the population than the mother country devotes to the same pur pose, they perceive at once that Victoria can not be a badly governed colony. MIr. Verdon spoke a proud word on Wednesday. He said he had approached the home Government as the representative of "a colony which had never cost the Imperial Government one slhilling." As long as the Victorians can take such good care of themselves they will be sure to command the respect of the world although party writers may take the liberty of traducing them for the temporary purposes of home politics. THaS great fall of meteors on the night of the 13th of Novemher, has made a pleasant interlude in the political and ecclesiastical controversies by which our social air is dis turbed. The astronomers so confidently pre dicted that on the 12th or 13th, the earth in its orbit would pass through the meteoric belt, which is supposed, like ourselves, to be constantly circling the sun, and they assured us that this was an opportunity for witness ing so grand a display of "celestial fireworks"' as would not be seen again for thirty-three years, that large numbers of people banished seep for that night. On the 12th we had nothing but clouds and rain, but the evening of the 13th was brilliantly clear, except in a few phces on the western coast of England. The moon went down early, and the wonder ful sight was observed under the most favour able conditions; deeply do the sceptics who I went sneeringly to bed, and slept and snored till morning, now lament their un belief J'ust as the scientific men had fore told, scarcely a shooting star was seen till after midnight, when they began to appear in great numbers, and continued to multip'y till the heavens were literally alive with: them.. The greatest number were seen be tween 1 a.m., and 1.20 a.m.-as many as: 100 being counted in a minute. Some were of great brilliancy, and the trains of light which marked their course were faintly visible for a minute or two after the nucleus itself had disappeared. At one observatory, S7000 were counted, but for a few? minutes they were so numerous that all counting waes impossible. Next day, the newspapers could talk of nothing but the meteors. The Timnes had a page of popular scientific talk about them, with hosts of letters from people des cribing their impressions. The "npennies" were amazingly exalted and panctic in their style, especially the Daily Telenraph, which particularly affects florid writing, because he finds it suits the public taste. The more bombastic and high-sounding their leaders, the better the paper sells. It describes the meteors after this fashion :-They looked like no earthly fireworks, but rather resem bled silver birds wending their way to some mysterious star-heronry in the firmament; or if not birds, then the forehead-planets of angels and archangels, sunmoned in splendid cohorts, etc. . . . One ball of white fire without the spangles seemed bent on plunging into the midriff of Orion, or knocking a star clean off the Great Bear's muzzle: while now and again there would be lines without balls at all. and faint distant gleams and dim things ofglory, like the ghosts ofilluminated clouds." And so on to any extent. The stock of metaphors on hand at the Telegraph office is practically unlimited.-English Paper. THE WVEATIHE ,AT KYxsETO.-The great heat of Monday last (being as much as 109 0 in even shady places) was followed in the evening by a storm of thunder and lightning and heavy rain. The lightning was very vivid and dangerous. A two-story weather board stable at the rear of Mr. Daniel's residence in Piper Street was struck by the electric fluid and rent from top to bottom, the boards flying off. Fortunately, there was no animal in the stable, and the current passed into the earth after tearing a hole for its passage. The rain has continued up till last (Tuesday) night, and the temperature has become quite cold. It is to be hoped that the rain will again clear off and allow harvesting operations to proceed.-Kysneton Guardian. EXPERIrsENT IN FEEDIHNG SWINr-Dif ferent expcrimentsahave been mnade in fatten ing hogs, but the one most deserving notice was in the state of MiarylandcL The Agricul tural Society of that state instituted an in quiry into the respective merits of two modes of feeding, and the following is one of the re salts. On the first day of December, four shoots of the same breed, nearly of a size, and so much alike in every respect as could be selected from a herd, were made choice of, each being carefully weighed; and placed in a single stye, where their food could be ex actly regulated. Two of them weighed to gether one hundred and eighty-five pounds These were fed on one gallon each of shelled Indian comrn, the gallon weighing seven pounds. This wase the allowance for twenty four miars, and a.amuch water as they needed. The otherf wlere fed on half as much by 'eight of Indian meal, made into hasty pud ding, with a little salt. The seven pounds of meal, when cooked, weighed thirty pounds, add measured three gallons. Before the ex perinent had progessed a fortnight, it was perceived that the two fed on hasty pudding wereoutstripping the two fed on whole corn; the corn fed ones together weighed twenty five pounds more than they did on the first of December, while the two fed on mush--half the quantity-had gained forty-four pounds. A WTLcoMe UoJIO-Yesterday a meet ing was held at the Criterian Hotel, to con sider what steps should be taken to give the Hon. G. Verdon, C.B., a public welcome on his return to the colony. About thirty gentlemen were present, and the IHon. C. J. Jenner was called to the chair. After some conversation Mr. Rolfe, PI.L.C., seconded by Mr. M'Caxv, moved that MIr. Verdon should be entertained at a public banquet, in acknow ledgment pf his valuable services during his late visitto Europe. The motion was agreed tou,'nirouslv. It was firther resolved that the banq should take place at St. George's HLdl on Monca,' evening, the 21st inst., at palf-past seven o'clock. A numerous com mittee was appointed, to make the necessary arrangements for the celebration. MIr. Ver don has since accepted the invitation.-Argus, January 15. 