Tub norrs, from Europe by tho Oetobor imnils is of more than ordinary interest. It is in fact startling in one respect, inas much as it presents us, on one of the most' important points ot public concern, with a significant result the very reverse of wlrat" wo woro led Jo expect for years back.-. Italy and Jiomo, . which liavo been the theme of desponding fears on the one side ond exultant liop'cB on the other, bavo got onolhor tnrn in tho pcilitical kaloidoscopo j and le ! cVeryUiing is changed. The fears- are converted into rejoicing, and the hopes aro dashed :to the ground.- GAitrnALDi find his volunteer adventurers linye had their fling at the Papal dominion; and the sovereign Tulcr there, Pro Nono, has repelled tho invader with success. This, wo -'repeat, is a result; .that was not .cxpootod, at least hy those who derive-all their views about Italian affairs from the. in ore or loss biassed ac counts, winch reach .us on this subject through tho English' Press, It may be taken as. a; rule, that political correspon dents and telegraph, agents in Europe and America givo. to their reports, upon any questions which- esoite strong feelings in the , public mind, a colour which favours what they assumb to be" tho ; sym pathies of ; tho public. Ilencb we find that' this great body of the political intelligence from Italy of lato years has- usually represented the Popoon his last legs as an European Sovereign, just rb at any lime'. , during the last quartor of, a century tho Now York journalists wcro ever ready toannounco to tho American, puhlicj and did'on various important oo- casiona seek to stake newspaper readers believe, that tho JBritish Lion was at last struck down in tho mire. Thcso time serving newsmongers unjustly and stupidly misinterpret tha temper of the public in their respective countries, and in trying to pander to what they, suppose to lie tho sympathies of that same public,' tliey distort the news that passes thrdugh their hands. jS>Brly threo years ago, when a rnmour (by lato telegram) reached us hero that the Pope had fled from Lome, wo pointed jto this, same misleading influence at work upon the telegrams in (Europe, and on that ground stated our unbelief, of the .report Tho next mail'showod wo wcro right. We cannot, in like manner, on the present oc casion justly say that wo aro much taken by surprise at tho news from the Papal States, though wo have no doubt many others, who think themselves well- informed, will bo very much astonished at what has taken placo. " The facts, few and brief, hut yet impor tant, are these. The volunteers' who had been called together by Garibaldi, to join in his attempt to seize on Pome and expel tho Popo, having, as tho former month's news told us, crossed the Roman frontier under Garibaldi's son, Menotti, at tempted to pass through tho proviuco of Viterbo. They enbountored tho Papal troops, with whom they had soveral skir mishes of no moment j hut at lost both par ties met in force not far from the frontier — tho voluntoers being strengthened and encouraged by the presenco in porson of Garibaldi himself, who had escaped from his island home, Caprcra, and come to give tho advantage of his countonanco to' the movemont. Put the spell of Garibaldi's presence is broken. The volunteers were worsted in the fight that ensued — not less than 3000 of their number being put /iocs dc combat. Meanwhile, tho Erench Em- peror'sent a diplomatic note to tho Italian Government, reminding it of tho (eras of the Soptember Convention guaranteeing the safety of Home, and intimating that a French force would bo at once dispatched to uphold tho terms of that treaty,' and protect the dominions of tho Popo. Swift with the word camo the deed. A Fronch force was at once landod at Cirita Yecchia, andmorchedonltome, which it immediately garrisoned for tho purpose of maintaining in tact the sovereignty of the Popo. Con currently with the ditpntch of .this force to Pome, tho Government of Louis Na poleon sent a circular to the. Governments of all tho first- rato Powers of Europe, ox- plaining that.no alternative was loft, to the Emperor, in view of the obligation's of tho September Convention and' tho preserva tion of the .peace of Europe, but -to tnko the- decisive course ho had adopted, by throwing a French force into llomey but that the Emperor had no desire to earry operations further than to maintain tlie guarantee df tho integrity of the Pope's dominions/ according to tlio treaty en gagements which, bound both himr.ntl- the King of -Italy alike. It : so happens that the Parliaments of Eng land, France, and Prussia' 'are all At the present moment in session — —tlio English Parliament being called together on account of tho expedition to t Abyssinia. And thus there has been tho opportunity of eliciting her most formal expression of public opinion on the strange rfenouCTienfinltaly. InthoLegislaturesofall three countries, accordingly, .there was tho most decided and earnest expression given of viows in favour, of tho preservation of peace. Queen Victoria in the speech from the throne, on opening Parliament on tho 19th of November, stated that she trusted: the French Emperor would now withdraw his troops from Home, as the Garibaldians hbd been dispersed, and that His Imperial'Majesty would thus remove all grounds for uneasiness in tho publio mind of Europo. Garibaldi meanwhile haying surrendered to tho Italian autho rities, is now a prisoner in tho fortress of Varignano. . - In domestic affairs, England is - not without her special trouble, in the form of the Fenian conspiracy. A formelTmail made us acquainted with the' organised outburst of a 'body of FenianB at Man chester in tlieir attempt to rescue ono"of their chiefs from the police. The riot that ensued was a very serious one, '.and a member of the police foree was killed: Shortly After the melee some twenty-six prisoners had-been arrested and committed for trial Thegrand jury, howover, ignored the bills against twenty-one of these, and tho remaining five were sent for trial. These five, we now learn, have been found guilty Bnd sentence of death' recorded against them. Subsequently, however, one of the fire was reprieved; and tho general impression seemed to be that the remaining fonr would suffer tho extreme ponslly of tho law. Tho remainder of the nowa, 8ATO tho decline in the price oi wool, is unimportant. , The mall steamer Avoca wes telegraphed ofl Cape Otway at hill-post 0 o'clock list nlgkt. Slio would accordingly reach Port Phillip Iloads about 3 a.m. The 8outU Australian . branch moll steamer arrived at Qlenelg at au early hour yesterday morning. Our telegram of Briifsli and foreign Intelligence Is given In other columns. Vfhlle H.R H. tho Duke of Edinburgh has been both publicly end privately entertained la tho colony, tho. officers of tho Gslotca hove also been hospitably entertained In prlvato circles. We believe that It Is intended to have nn nisein- hly ball In the Town-hell, Pruliran, beforo tho deparluro ef the vessel. _ _ The hunting party got up under tho aus pices of the Royal R. cepllon Commission, for tho officers of H.M.S. Galatea, roturuod to town' from Selmappor Point on Thursday evening. They onjoyed very good sport, and among other trophies brought back was a very flne speclmon of tho native bear, which was taken on board. Blivo. ' Tho putty wcro on two occasions most 'sumptuously entertained .at Mr. Sumner'o station, at Coolsrt, where, owing to the un avoidable absence of that gentleman, tho honours were dono by Mr. Qrlee, jun., with trtte Aus tralian hospitnlfty. - ThQ.porty. mude Rennlson's hotel their lioatU'quartois,1 where the accom modation was perfict; and the worthy landlord, by ; his- untiring . exertions nnd savoir. faire In the field, added not a llttlc-to the success ot "the'trlp; - - — — 'There will ho no meetleg".of"the.Clly Council to-day. ' : The fcti to be given by the Corporation of M el- . bourne to tho schoolchildren within Its bouh-; dories will comq tff to day fn tlio Zoological Gardens, nnd Is expected to bo a genuine treat: for the juveniles. It was thought thnt Jlotbam would Iikvo coalcfccd with tho City Couucll la tbe/tfc, but tbey liavo net done so— prihelpnlly,- wc believe, on. account of tbe dlricncclof tlio -gardens from North Melbourne. Every provi sion lias been mtido for ihD children, who are expected (o attend from the various Sunday and duy schools, public or private, and In addition to three tho children attending Sunday scho.ols In the suburbs with tliolr teachers will be admitted.' No positive opinion of. the number likely to ba .'present, can be formed, but tho couoc'I havo prepared for 15,000 at least, nnd expect to, have fall end plenty for all comets. Tho' pro- grammo of proceedings Is appended Children to (Assemble nt Yarro Pulk- (OH Zoological Gardens), not later than 12 o'clock at nopn. .Tho childron of 'each school to have u distlngulshlrg flag or banner, and upon reaching tlio gardens' to take up tbe poslllon cetlgncd 'to tlicm, and' there plant their flag, which ii to remnlu ns a .rallying point until the eutortalnuient Is oyer. :Tlio her,-/, of each schoQl to bring n correct list of tho number of children and teechero attending from his Echcol, such list to bo delivered up nt tho entrance to tho gardono. Children to' bring tUQlr own drinking vetteli. The general public will not be admitted to the gardens, which will bo reserved exclusively for' the chtldren'and per sons In charge of them. The Corporation ex pect that HIo Royal Highness will visit the ground during the day, \- Wednesday next, on which day the Prince Is .to 'arrive at Sandhurst,- will bo observed as a general holiday on Bendigo. At Cnatleiniine, tho day of His Royal Highness' arrival, and that folluwlog it, will bo holidcysi Between 1 anl 2 o'clock on Saturday morn ing, cries of " police" were heard near the shop of Adolph Ingwersen, tobacconist, Bout lie Btreet, and In n few minutes it bee true known 'li-t n faro bank kept there "bad been stormed by tho detectives under Superintendent NIcol«flu,>ud that the parties concerned were In custody. On entering the back patlour, the placo was found in the most " admired disorder;!' -tho table was overturned — cards, dies, and ; money were — strewn about on the flvir— and, in fact, the general oppBarr.nca led ono lo believe that a nub hod been made, Ae aeon as it became known to tbe gamesters that the detectives wore In posiesBlou of the piemlscs,- Ingwersen, "as polo as o ghost," frantically ej sculated in broken English and German, " Peloese, polcese but neither tlio fnro hankers nor their customers could got away, beeau60 the" detectives had been so placed that eac-ipe wa9 Impossible. Ono unfortunate delinquent was caught concoaled behind n curtain. Imt be wrs observed, and brought from bis hidb j-pkee. Th3 parties were convoyed to the watch -lu, use, ond on Saturday morning woro pro«cntcd to tha City Bench, somewhat "seedy" ia ap pearance from their 'night's Incarceration, Adolph Ingwersen, Clmrles Brown, and Adolph Mooro were convicted of. being tlio keepers of a common gaming-house. - Brown and Ingwersen were flaed L25 each', or in default throe months In gaol; and. -Mooro was fined LIO or two months in gaol. 'William Myers, Jsnic9 Bins- ford, Francis Vauryne, . John Bourke, and Philip Jones wero fiucd 20s , or the alternative of seven days; and Joseph Jacoh3, who had been previously convicted, waa fluid, 40s., or fourteen days, for being found In a common gaming-house. Some days ago a woman, who had been found In n right-of-way off Rusfell street with her throat cut, wss tuken to the Melbourne Hosjltal. It was tbought.tbat she had attempted to commit suicide, but Information wbic'.i has since oozed out leads to tho supposition that the wound was Inflicted by a drunken womnn, ono of her cora- ponloan, named Watkins, The supposed offender lias been arrested, ond will bo brought before the City Court ibis morning. - . . - j Tbe Melbourne ; Criminal Ssralons commence this mornlDg, before Mr. Justice Moleswotth. Tlio most important cosea to bo tried' are tboso of Richard Bel|cmey, charged with' poisoning hla. wife; Rudolf dl Cnrapo, for the manslaughter of George Brown, at Saudiidgc; and Thompson, Ssqul, Branch, ond Anderson, f,r. conppirecy by foul tossing. 'Thc-Fuil -Court met pre forma on Saturday morning in i's equity and dlvorco and matilmo nlol Juti -diction, and adjourned until this morning," wben tlie divorca.casa of Ulll.'horne v. Ullithf roe and uuother will be besrd first. The -ulker CM83 on. the" list for...lhe term are tk"3' appeals against Mr.- Justice -Moleaworlh's deci sions In Ilitcliin v. The Qiiccn and the' Band of' Hope, anil tho will case .of Macoboy v. 'Aladdeh. Tee Ballanrat Reception Committco intend giving s dinner to the workmen who were em ployed In bulldlug and decorating the Alfred-' hall. Tho Courier adds : — " Should the abovo Idea be carried out, as muny of the sailors ol the GUateu ns can ba spared from duty; will bo In vited to attend and parllclpatela the enjoyments provided for tbe worlcmen." Mr. \Y. C. Denovab, of Sandhurst, has ad-' dressed a letter to" tbesupportersof the Minis try on Bendigo,". and. which Is published In tho Advertiser of Saturday, in U tbo writer enttra mto on cxplseetlon concerning thB causes of the 11 split" which .recently took place among tha members of tha Ministerial Association. These, lc seems, were tha .predilection ' evlncad by tho minority for Mr. Holfey, who. bad given iao'tul offence to tbo majority by his conduct in Parliament; and a slight offered lo Mr.Jlur- rowea, who, It aeems, is the pet of the -majority. Mr. Denoven, who Is evidently "aomobedy" In connection with Ibis movement, winds up bl9 rather dolorous cpistlons follows:— " Wo liavo but done our/dury to fho Ministry aud" our party. So far'.ns cur- authority -goes, we have declined; lo support Mr. . Il'al.'ey; simply be&nse;' he did not Bupport tho MlnHlry ln kie place in the House ; oud we havo pledged- oiivsupport- to Mr. Burro wee because ; be Jibs. -1 acted. aB an honest roan should. act- when plsceff in the position of .honour iu which, the suffrages of - a majority of the electors placed ihlrn. I- say, in conclusion, let us ono abdrtll contloue-lo act aa we have.bcguq. It will beenmo "necessary that Bleps should be takon to look 'out; for another candidate— a thorough supporter efjthe Ministry, — to run with Mr. Burrowea. A report, has been Industriously circulated that we' intend bringlag. out a Free-trade candidate j but,. I Gin happy to any that the tsrmt Protection end > Free-trade hare .never been mentioned in oui dellbetatlqae. The' ropert is wltheut foundation, ; and baa oniy been put In circulation for party : purposes. A factious minority must bsve some thing to sey in order to whitewash themselvei before tho public, and, therefore, It need nol ' surprise yon should you hear many aueh rumoun put In circulation against ui by the same party. But our association will let tliolr actions speak for tkcin, nnd by their actions let them be judgod." - On Saturday the flagS on - the different build ings in the city were at halt- mast, as a mark 'ol respect for the memory of tho late. Prtnco Con- Bort, tbo day betog the anniversary of hie death. The arches and other orcctlomq nhlch. wero to bo peon' between Mslbourno and SondrlJgq at the arrival of H.R.H. the Dnkeof Edinburgh, are rapidly disappearing. Tho largo erch which spanned the road at the boundary of Emerald .11111 and Ssndrklgo is amongst those which have been taken down, and nil tbe stands ia that locality have also been removed. It Is IntlnoRtcd that tickets for the admission of 1 idles to the gallery of tho Exhibltloa-bnlld- lng-tlils evening, (o witness the banquet given by Ms Excellency the Governor to the I-oglsla- lu" of .Victoria, hers been Issued by Ilia sccro- fnry ;of the Royal Reception Commission on Saturday to members of Parliament; nnd tbnt the tickets of those members who sre resident in the conn'ry have .lioen sent to tho Parltament- houscs. , ' " ' Tbe inquest- on tbo body of William George Cross, the -hoy who . was shot.ln. frent of tlio PiOleatnriUhall'on tho evening of tbeTOlh ult., was commenced on Saturday at the Melbuurue Ho'-pllul, A few witnesses wcro examlucill.auil tbo (nvesjigatlon was then adjourned until- Wed- nesdny .inornf ng, at 10 o'clock. ; The coroner; Dr... "Youl,. instructed Detective -Moinwnrlug to i:zqure tii'e"" a'fleinlanca . of the persons accused of being Implicated, in tbo disturbance, who have already npponred before tho City Polico Court. ;Tt is thought that the inquest wlll bo finished in ' nniiMier day. The father of the doeciu-ed, ,a builder residing In Young street, Fitzfoy, was present .on Boturday,. end watched tbe tvldcnce with" considerable Interest.1 At tbe various Oitliolic churclieeln Melbourno j.Bterdty.iub'n- i-."2, the .clergymen .requested that as many niembsra.of the congregation as possible would, nticud . the funeral, with tbe view of exhibiting' thrlr. Gyinpatby with tbe purenta. of the .deceased.. The funeral took ' placo yesterday afternoon, - and woe attended by a large con- courso of pfople. The procession was headed by about fifty boys," sold to'ba the aeliaol fellows nnd f(ishd8"ef lbo deceased. The liearse followed, attended; by several hundred men on fuot,.ond between forly and fifty -vehicles, at the head of which drove the Rev. -Father Barry. Tbo mournful cortege lift tbe residence of tbo poor lad's, father In Young street, and proceeded by Gertrude, Nicholson,' "Bourke, and Swsuston streets to tbe- Cemetery, . Tho funeral service was performed by:tho Rev. II. H. P. Handflild, tbe Chureb.of England clergyman of St. Peter's, .the. Sunday school of which church the unfartu- noto lsd attended. ' John Edgar waa committed for. trial by (be Kyceton Bench en Friday, for committing it rape on the person of Flora M'Vlckcrs. , Mr. Boose's farm on tbe Weirlbee, near Jrount Cottcrell, was recently the accne of ;a very melancholy occurrence. A man, whoso subse quent acta prove hlin to havo been inrano, called and asked at the farm for employment. IIo wee told that bis services were not required, but Mrs. Bouse kiudly supplied blm with food. On leaviog the premises he was observed to plek up a rope, which be was taking uw3y when the theft was reported to Mrs. Baase, who followed and taxed blm with ingratitude. The unfortu- nnto mumbled eome Incoherent language, threw do;yn the .rop9, and lu an excited manner made off in the direction of the Werrlbeo, which runs at the britom of Mr. Boase'a farm. Nothing mors was seen of blm, ond tbe matter was for gotten until a few days past, when two men who were fishing discovered tho body of tho man not f3r from where bo had been last seen alive. There was nothing by which tbe idoatlly of the deceased could be- atccrtalned/ 'An Inquest was held at Melten on' tbo 9tb,. when Mr. Botse stated that tho man who colled upon blm seld bo bad a wife at Ballaarat, also a horse worth L70, and that ho bad a brother living near Ballaarat named William White, a farmer; he was a Cornhbman, and Ills father was a minister of the Bible Christian denomination. The Jury deli berated for about an hour, and brought in a verdict that deceased wns found dead In tho Werrlhee, but that there was no evidence to show how he died or came there. At Gratmere bolllng-down operations have been carried on vigorously of late. Tbo English thrushes in tbe Geelong Bota- nical Gardens havo commenced to build. We have received Sydney pnpers to the I-Jtfi. A police- constable named Rlxon came ia sight of the bushranger" Thunderbolt on the 1Mb, on tlio Keepit run, In the neighbourhood. Armldale. After a hard cba»e of about five miles, during which lhe constable fired nt Thunderbolt, the latter escaped among some ranges. At tbe General Sessions held ot Castlemalno on Saturday, Edward Klmbor- was found guilty df indecently assaulting Sarah Blotter, ond re ceived a sentence of two years' Imprisonment with bard labour. At the weekly meeting of tbo executive com mittee of tbe Immigrants' Aid Society, held on Friday, tho superintendent made the following return : — Number of Inmates in tbe Homo, as reported last week, 285 ; admitted since, 50 ; persons who have received out-door relief, 460, or 113 families — total relieved, 801. Discharged from the Home during the week,. 73; total at present remaining, 288. Number of women bair teasing, 25; number in tbe laundry, 11; number of men oakum picking, 25; men stonebreaklng, 0; working outside, 4. The following subscriptions have been received during the week: — A Former Inmate, Ll; and per Mr. Goff, collector— C. nnd R., 5«. ; J. S. Gotcb, Ll ; George Robertson, L2 ; M. M'Caw end Auotber, Ll Is. ; Lytll and Gownn, 1.1 le. ; W. D., Ll ; Levy Brothers, Ll Is. Tho committee desire to give the children of the school con nected with tho Homo, forty-flvo in number, prizes at the Christines holidays; for this pur pose they tbonkfully acknowledge, per Mr. Woolloy, hon. ace., tbo eutn of 30j. given by soveral gentlemen. Tbe Kynelon Young Men's Association hold their anniversary meeting the other day, at which n report of the transactions of the year was .brought up. Tbo usefulness of this asso ciation may be gauged by thequeor conclusions which It seems tho members hove cone to on subjects of public moment selected as themes for' discussion. Amongst other decisions re corded lu tho report, tbe followlug appears : " On 12th Juue, on " The Stege/' introduced by the eecietury, when It was affirmed tbnt although in farmer limes, In Greece, Rome, England, und elauwbero, dratnMi; ropreaouta- tiona exercised a moralising and elevating In fluence on humanity, Its tendency In lato years .has been downwards, and it h now degraded to the condition of a mere spectacle, neither elevating, refining, nor of o moral tendency." This reminds ono of tbe "Christian Young Colllugwoods," who, la 1855, passed, by tbo csatlpg veto of the cbalrmon, a resolution affirming that there Is more bitter than aweet in tbe cup ef human life, 1th said that the Interest and sinking fund on tho loans Incurred by tho Provincial Govern ment of Auckland amount to L55.000 per annum, and that the annual Income oniy exceeds that sum by about HO.OOO. The Provincial' Council h now In session, and some say, for the .last time.- The correspondent of e Sydney journal adds; — "Commercial affairs aro sup posed now to have reached their worst, nnd few more (allures are now expcc.'ed. Tho new Bankruptcy Act, which is vastly more 6evere on the baukrupt than the old one, comes lata torce from yesterday, and It ia supposed tbet- everyone who was going would certainly prefer .to havegono,under tbe old law rather than wait for 'the new: one. It la to be hoped that this . caleuletioa.' wlU not be falilfled by results, as 1 there Is sure to be a conaldprlL " cojtfldeaco from to-doy amongst buri""""'1 01 , which would render any mofo toij ' disastrous. A petition to the Govern"3 dt,Ubl? the removal of the direct steamers ra'fl j8Slo,t i now being signed extensively Ind , ls ; It may ban tome offecf. ,y P»IWy i going to succeed at all, wo shall noUo,'!fl<'i'd3 lr8 petition for a subsidised steamer ra 0 : goods to and fro. It may be some ti 7 0Ut ever, beforo this mcaauro of ,Urcces 1, 1 0" Ihe opening np of the Thomea."" re,cbed by ; We glva- a fow anecdotes conce—i I Prince's- visit to Ballnarnt ti,„ s "" which tbo. .Reception Committee i H.R.1I. the. Duke of Edinburgh U00T, packed up, and will be dispatched to M.n, B av soon ns tbo break Isjflnlalied. n,r ', toa. Ballaarat His Royal Blghncrs visited m"'"6! M'Cnrlncy and. Aldrad'a" tectnl.y Mt"». carriage was made, nnd-edW ho would dril l!" vehicle In Hyde Pork, and notforqet to ran i,0 friends by whom it was built, and th»t it : mar.ufccturcd In" Ballaarat, one of the ,.ni ra of.Vlctorls." Those who remember thfr Tlllltudlum'a veneration for the chair In .V'f Charles Stuart had sat, will apprectfl „r m lowing;— "The chair whlch.II.R H 1L„ ."/f " of Edinburgh1 occupied In tbo'prlyato rdiri, "'.', Princo Alfred-hall will ha prtstiitcd loll,. I mittoc of the Christ CI, urcli bazaar, odd rJTh dhpescd of on tbo art-unlou principle whe ,, !! bazaar opens.; Tho frame and liniri, („-» '! . . .fine pises. of furniture weromedo byMr of Armstrong street, and the' uphold byor.0 of the Indies .'of Ballaarat. Ttf t ,. corrlstn of (wo, beautifully- worked . . of anno In small beads, one .on the .tiur.Mi, other on the, back ; and un Idea of the , labour .this vvp-k lr, vojved will bo gath.i fr.l the fact tlrat.it took, the lady fiVo moet'lis „ ? coinplMv . Tlio-eost of tbo ebsir waj about I70" The same lady,, .who la exceedlonly tkilf,,) her needle, fs preparing soma hand orai <-! mens of needlewp/k for present, flon lioziar. 6h«do ttf.Jeamc! dab P'ucc r » in tho knowledge- that .thou u«t deent'J Ecce :— "Tbe Earmcnts worn by the ii„u r Edinburgh .in hie .loscont : diwn u,, :',,n | Hope mino wero on Thursday made irarcel, - nnd sent to" Ctaig'a b'otcl, to eerve I ? of bis momcntocs of mining.. Tbero „. , ruth. Into his dressing-room n't tlio c'Jm'bv some of. I lie ladle? (after his dopsrlure. ofceuuel when all the flowers- were feiztd to be bent ii c-jngella Creek, pa .tbo 9th, was run eve bv J two-horeo >aggpn-;and mortally Injured 'h.S 1 died tn.tho. Ararat (Ipspltal tbo following dev ll The nurabeF'of prisoners confided, In tha Contral Gaol on Saturday last.pras 3SJ eliisii,,,® as follows For trial before Supreme Ccu«| 3 molee, 1 female ; beforo mnglstratej, ll jcnlea ® G females; u'qder soufenco — rond-caim 5 males ;'hard "labaur,: 133 males, 23 fem,|E, Imprflonment, = males, 52 females ; luunlics' 9 males, 1 female; in default of hall, iu aru' females3 debteh,??. .,«e males,' 87 Gecsb generally bimo' rather' prcelcus birds at Christmas; and a rather cool specimen of the J eutotilc racs Iras accordfngly been vM'lu- the boroughs of Emerald Hill ond Sin, Irltlge, "from Vrhlcti ho has In tho brood light of day driven nway three largo flocks, which wero 'on the eve of a Journey to : market, One flock has bout found In tbp possession of ii resident, nnd given up. Tbo- others era still missing, nod at a late hour In the afternoon of yesterday tho pciica Bad tb|tf8U<:Ceede<1 lQ'hylng tbdr h?Dd3 cn >ho Tbe Nanwgo,';correspondoet of tha Burnett (Q ) Argns relates .that oa tho 12th November en inquiry was held Into the circumstances con nected with the death of n'bleckfellow omplovtd on Taromco station. - Mr. Scott gave evidence of having heard a row at tlio camp, and tbnt on rushing up ho discovered sue of his Hack boys bleeding to death from a kulfo wound lu tbo femoral nrlcry, while some other blocks were employed In waddylng tbo supposed murderer. The lad died almost immediately, and cn tboB affair being reported to Sergeant Rfielgb. be& apprehended the murderer and brought iilmrl baforo the.' .Bench, at the same lime givingS- evldence of having seen the " sklontd" body of' tho deceosod, and of the Implied confession ti$< the murderer, who attribuled the ant', as usualS to tbe baneful influence of rum. Thero was nol " white'.' evidence of tbo actual facts ut tha", murder, although a strong clrcumsturnkV carefe might probably hare been made no, and the ll accused wtv, therefore, necessarily dliuiiased. | It ls reported that he had been a member of the | native police ; and from the ferocity of disposition & evluccd, not only in this murder, hut also In his | brutal treatment of a wrolched plccaulnny (which I Ii said to have been tha primary caueo cf tha | dispute between himsolf and deceased), it seems | a pity auch a wretch should escape hanging (ram | deficiency of " legal" evidence. - . | A musical entertslnment was given, e3 meal, S at" the Tempsranco-hall on Saturday. There 8 was a largo attendance, and everything went K off satisfactorily. Tho contributors wero Messrs. Plcisc, Fox, Cooke, Haloes, Webb, Cuinmins, | Robins, and Carey. Madame Pett played sert- | rnl fantasias with her usual ability. i Tho opera was again fairly attended on Satur- i duy night, Mr. F. Lyster has much Improved | since tha firat representation of " B'Ui.'ara Tel.'," | and is now heard' to much better cdvantoge, This evening tho performance will he given " by fe command," and H. R.H.tbo Dnkeof Edinburgh II will pay a stats visit to tho opera ; und oa tlioM Princo and suite, with all the naval and mlli'sry® officers, will bo In full uniform, tie general brilliancy of tho scene will be considerably en hanced. Ao tho " Adelpbi drama " has ccmj to slgni'y a particular kind of dramatic production, so tho " Saturday night drama" of tho Hnymukct Theatre would appear to be u title which repre sents a very well defined class of pieces too. Tbey always make their appearance as soutatkraa! dramas, and have attached to Ibcm a vulgar appellation, which creates wonder, but rarely affords lmlght Into their memilng. Tl-,y are filled with cut- tbront, mutderous Incidents ; tbe interest of tho plot wholly flagging xiifre it should bd- most Intense ; end sundry loHerles, very dull dlalogue, seasoned with the stnlert ef jokes, and a general oir of myf.tcry, mr.ks up tho sum total of the entertainment. They fill tie pit and gallery, and psrhsps the theatrical treasury, while they turn the dress circle low a desert. " Slxtoeu- etring Jack, or Life on tbe R-jud," played on Saturday evening, sctms to he ono of the above clues. Tho hero is the captain of a band of robbers In the days of Beau Brura- mell, who, lu tho . course of the play, ia robbed by tbal free nnd Independent gentleman, together with a military acquaintance, amongst other victims. He is captured and condemned to die, but is saved from that apparent necessity by 'i heroism of his sweetheart, who lend, blm i(r clpak and hat, disguised In which ho escapee. He Is on tho point of being caught cgalu, bulls interceded for and pardoned. Tbe characters aro mostly robbers ; and aa thore waa no very prominent one represented, we need net ps' tlculrrlse lite adore. Tbo" Demon Dance, "Iff tho Lehman Family, waa the second Heraot'tbs performance ; after which camo a comle balw'i entitled " LeB Modistes," whlcli fa a rrI cleverly arranged piece, In which the plot is very dtitlnclly shown. Wo yercelvo tliut Mr. John Collins, tho Irish comedian; who hM been so long absent from our boards, Is lo coin menco an engagement at this theatre tut evening. \- Sr. Geo'rge's-hall wa3 crowded to . . Saturday evening, upon the occasion si the " popular night" of Mr. Walter , fiontgomeff readings. The audience was most orderly, appeared thoroughly to enjoy tbo InteiW treat provided for them hy Mr. Monig0® 'who gave a most judicious selection tromvar K| authors. , on Wt Tho Polytechnic-hall was completely B Saturday plght, In nil parts, by an no W anxious to welcome those old fevourl e,> m and Mrs. George Cose, on tbelr re-oppc m in Melbourne after a lengthened abscaco. g lbs program mo put forth by those talented artiste, a (llort npnlogy was otrered for their to- appearance in Melbourne. Tha large number of- interested admirers who patronised their firat drawingroora entertainment on this yfelt mu»t, however, hare cenYinced tlicm that go excuses wore needed to secure the favour of the public, but that, on tbe contrary, their Tj.oppearance afforded genuine delight to a con- ildersble 'number of the population. A piece entirely new was selected for performance, en titled " The L«t Party," at the commencement ofwhlch Mr. and Mil. Case appear as having lust returned to Melbourne after a professional tour. They resolved to rotiro into private life, ond determine to give a party os n house- warming. The troubles of tho intended host and ho<tc?s, however, begin immediately after the decision Is arrived at; commencing witli the appearance of Mrs. Major Buster, thsmo!ker- in- law of Mrs. Coso, who objects to all Mr. Case's old acquaintances being invited, on account of llielr Inel'glbility to mix In euch society us her daughter is calculated to adorn. And no sooner le this grievance overcome than others spring up, In the person! of Sprouts, n questionable greengrocer and occasional welter; lrs. S:ddone Graves, a leading tragedienne ; John >1 angles, an expensive upholsterer ; Trub- blcs, a vagabond page ; Sally Grills, a drunken conk; and a bold Australian servant, liigbt Miss Polyphenol Scroeglus, Tho disposal of all these Impedimenta lry Mr. Case is found to ha a vroik of so much iliflirulty, that it is at lest decided, in desperation, that tlio house-warming would be too wstra. nnd tho Idea Is given up. Mrs. Coso sustained nil the characters of tho piece with ability, quite equal to tbnt wliloh made Iter so great a fovuuiite on previous occasion nnd rendered tho audience tho greatest sntisfaclion. The Prolosti Cabinet Illusion, the musical Instru mentation. of Mr. Case on the violin and concer tino, and Ihe songs of Mrs. Caso, filled up a very enjoynldo evening. A t ,tbe Varieties on Saturday nlglit (hern was an attractive programme. A great featuro In the entertainment wa9 a new comic songj by Mr. Cowan, upon the, vidt of the Prince. I. 