REVIEW". We have been favoured with a copy of tho first issue of a new publication I in Melbourne culled the "Colonial Monthly." This very creditable In duction is orected on the ruins of the "Australian Magezine," wlrch Mrl Williams has, with his enterprising spirit, in vain endeavoured to render , successful. It is to be hoped tbnt Messrs. Clarson, Mnssinn, and Co., his successor* in Magazine adventure, will meat with better fortune, and that their " Colonial Monthly" will live longer than his •' Australian." The first look at the naw comer makes an impression in its favour, so cnrHl'ulIy and neatly is it got up. But let us judge it, not by its appearai ce, hut, as its proprietors demand, by ils merits and demerits. It very appropriately opens with a portrait of Prince Alfred, which, we think, at least does jnstico to his Royal Highness. The •' Chapter about Clnbs," is very well written liy one who is evidently master of his subject, although as the writer himself snys it is inclined to be "rambling." This, however, is hardly a defect in tlio present instance, and is moreover, from the nature of the paper, unavoidable. Altogether it is a lively and entertnining narration. "Tlio Phantom," by W. Carlton, jun., is rather clumsy, nor is the general absence of harmonious metrical flow made up for by any richness ot ideas. Why or by what authority he em pasizes " Her" in tho poem, wo are at a loss to understand, unless it be that he lm« taken out a poets license. Some lines, however, nre not without a poetic beauty, although the piece as a whole has no .claim to the inspiration of the muses. * The subject is a forbidding one —tho ghost of a first wife haunting th" husband after his second marriage— and it she failed to scold liiin enough while she was in the flesh, she com pensated for tho omission when she got out ot it. Even now, with tho scowl of a fury and the tongue of an adder, " she is with him upbraiding, for ever and ever." " A Visit to tho Bona Caves at Glenorchy " will afford a deep interest to manv, but more particularly to those who study geology, and read sermons in stones. " MoJern Bugbears," from Sydney Gibbons, is a useful, clear, and convinc ing article on the question of " adult eration." It may be regarded as superfluous information by some, but to a lar greatet number it will aarry a beneficial enlightenment, and for these it is intended All who have a tnste for sen-coast scenory will find an acceptable pape. from the pen of F. S. Wilson, of Sydney, entitled " Loose Leaves fiom an Aus tralian's Port Polio." It treats of s»me of tho scenery of New South Wales " along the coast." The style, how eve.i, is not good, and it is especially unsuitod to the descriptive. It betrays a constant effort in the writet's mind to get big words, and by this too com mon mistake his manner of expression is as similiar as the labouring waves which rolled in loud riot on the shore. The brief account of tho wrack of tho " Dunbar" is, however, written very well, and it is clear that Mr Wilson is better adapted to tragic writing than to scenery description. " Underneath," is an excellent article of its kind, given in good, plain, blunt, and appropriate language by one who calls himself"AnIllconditioned Fellow." By a philosophic analysis of the fashionables and swells of Collins- street, he has satisfied himself o( the truth of the proverb that ' it is not all gold that glitters." Ho tell us, with cynic in difference, of a " magnificent cr< aim e " of a lady, who tho other day might have been seen descending from lii-r « gorgeous cau'iage" tho gildo I idol ot drapers and milliners. An "Ill-con ditioned Fellow," however, has the gloomy foreboding that her husband will shortly discharge his debts by means of Insolvent Court notes, ar.d (hat he shall soon see her " buying a pound of tripo for her husband's supper." Another figure—the joint property of tho tailor, hatter, barber and bootmaker, but described by the flummery phraseology of the uni'i tellectuul as " a perfect ^gentleman," excitos tho disgust of the writer by his air and gait up and down Collins street, but bo prognosticates that he will make an " Hegira" to Callao, in ordor tu avoid incarceration hero. " A Maniac's Cry,'' is a well con ceived tale, as remarkable for accuracy of description ns for the pathos with which the story is told The woo Icuis interspersed throughout' it very ac curately illustrate tho phnntonn which haunted the poor maniac's mind. '' Mamba," an aboriginal reiuinN conoe, by G. G. McCrae, is reviewed in nn impartial spirit. The subject of iho poem is ono ol tlio most unpoi-iiu themes in creation, and it requiros a powerful effort oi tlie imagination to discover a single trait in the character tit' our nborigines which could either adorn, or be adorned by, tlm pages of poetry. " My Story," is in places sensational and forcible, and although its style and matter mo sometimes betov the stand ard, it may bo said not to bo a bail story on (lie whole. " Recollections of Travel" gives n glowing picture -of a handsome Italian city *, and its style is easy. Air Homo furnishes a psychological critique on %1 King L»ar's Madness,'' written in a inasteily and sohuhirly manner. We can strongly racoinmend it to all ShakespercmD students. It is to be continued in tlio succeeding numbers. Tba " Colonial Monthly " bai begun well, and wo wish it every success. 