NAVAL RECEPTION OF HIS ROYAL HIGH- NESS THE DUKE OF EDINBURGH (From Yesterday's Gazette) THE Commissioners appointed for making all necessary arrangements for the Naval Reception of his Royal High- ness have decided upon the following programme, which is hereby published for general information:- In order to give H. R. H. a fitting welcome to Port Jackson, the " Galatea" will be met outside the Heads and accompanied to her anchorage, by a fleet composed of the merchant steamers of the port. The fairway of the port will be kept clear for the passage of the Galatea and her escort; and that portion of the harbour situated south of the line between Bradley's Head and Kiribilli, and north of the line between Shark Island and Fort Macquarie, will be reserved exclusively for the formation and use of the squadron of escort. The First Division of the Steam Fleet will form in two lines, in the reserve between Fort Denison and Bradley's Head, under the direction of the Commodore and Vice-Com- modore, for the purpose of proceeding to sea to escort his Royal Highness into port, as shown in plan No. 1. The Second Division of the Steam Fleet will assemble off Watson's Bay, taking care not to obstruct the fairway, and will, under the direction of the harbour authorities, follow the first division on its return, escorting the Galatea. The Royal Sydney Yacht Squadron will rendezvous in Rose Bay, between Shark Island and Shark Point, under the orders of the Commodore, who, wind and weather per- mitting, will follow tbe procession, and after the Galatea has anchored, pass round her to the position assigned to his squadron in Farm Cove. The Prince Alfred Yacht squadron will rendezvous in Rose Bay, between Shark Island and Point Piper, under the orders of the officer in charge, who will follow a similar plan of sailing to that adopted by the Royal Sydney Yacht squadron. Merchant ships and coasters desirous of showing their loyalty by dressing ships at anchor will be placed north of the line, between Bradley's Head and Kiribilli. Coasters, ballast boats, and smaller crafts under way will cruise south of the line between Shark Island and Fort Macquarie, east of Mrs. Macquarie's Chair. The Naval Brigade Boats will row guard on the reserve lines until after the Galatea and her escort have passed up. Warps and buoys, near the position in which the " Galatea" will anchor, will be provided as shown in plan, for the accommodation of row boats wishing to make fast. The positions laid down in plan No. 2 are those assigned to the different squadrons of the flotilla after the "Galatea" has anchored. Special orders for carrying out the details of the pro- gramme and preventing accidents, will be issued by the officers in charge of the different squadrons. On the evening of his Royal Highness' arrival, the vessels which have taken part in the demonstration will conclude the event by the discharge of fireworks, and a general illumination, to commence at 8 o'clock ; at 9 o'clock, precisely bonfires will simultaneously burst forth on all the prominent positions round the harbour, and all her Majesty's loyal subjects (more particularly the residents on the North Shore) are hereby invited to give their cordial co-operation, in order that the effect produced may be worthy of the eldest colony of the Australian group, and of the occasion which has called it forth. It being necessary, for the success of the demonstration and the prevention of accidents, that the most rigid adherence to the programme should be observed, the Com- missioners request that masters and owners of vessels and boats, and all others afloat, will assist them in carrying out the object intended, by a strict compliance with the regula- tions laid down. The arrangements for the official landing, to take place on the following day, will be duly published, for general information, together with any further details that may be requisite. The plans above referred to are in course of preparation, and will be exhibited in a few days. THE MUNICIPALITIES BILL.-This important bill was yesterday again returned to the Legislative Assembly. Tho Council bus not insisted on its amendments and tho mr asuro now only requires the assent of tho Governor, on behalf of her Majesty the Queen, to give effect to ita pro- visions. THE CHRISTMAS HOLIDAYS.-In the Assembly yester- day, on the motion of tho Premier, ic was agreed to adjourn until Wednesday, tho 8th January, and the Government business stands postponed accordingly. WiNDSon AI»D RICHMOND RAILWAY COACHINO 1 RAFI'IC.-In reference to the Windsor and Richmond Coaching Trafilo by railway, during the consecutivo months of August, September, and October, we have received certain speci&o; information which wo subjoin for the benefit of our readers. During tbe abovenamed months -a period of thirteen weeks-we have very good authority for stating, in regard to that traffic, that there were issued 35&5 first olaBS single tickets, 1467J second class single tickets,.241$ firBt class return tickets, 2906J second class return tickets-which latter includes 1639 Saturday penny a mlle tickets ; the whole pro dieing £577 7s. od. Dnring the same period the traicsran as follows -.-Over a distance of sixteen miles, two trams per diem for six days, 384 miles On tho Saturdays three trains per diem, equalling 96 miles ; total per week 4SI) miles. That is to say, for the thirteen weeks, 6240 miles, at a cost to the country of three shillings and three j nice per.mile ; making in all £1014, as against tho sum of £077 7B. 5ti, This mileage rate it will be understood, docs not take it-to account the interest upon the cost of con- st! uction. GOODS THAPPIC BY RAILWAY.-We ore authorised to present to our readore the following-a reliable statement in reference to the number of waggons full of wool, hay, and general merchandise, which have been forwarded from all stations from the 1st of November to the 18th December instant, inclusive. The number of the waggons, or trucks,. available is only 240-and these have had to do all the work. By means oi those trucks (during the above period) the Railway Department hos altogether brought into Sydney, and carried out thence, hay, wood, wool, wheat, lind other produce (as required to bo transmitted by rail) to the amount of 6222 waggon loads; these 6222 Laded wsggons showing the extent of tho exertions made by the Government to meet the increased present demand for such carriage. We are desired to state that this account is exclusive of thirty ttuckB of coal ptr week carried along the line for railway purposes, and SIBO irrespective of tbs carriage of all the permanent way materials to tho most distant extensions for the contractors. The whole of the work of these 6222 waggon loads hos been done with the 210 waggons now on the line. We are given to under- fund that it is the intention of the Commissioner to pub- lish, in tbe course of a few days, for the information of the community at large a statistical account of all the coach- ing und goods traffic from and to all the stations beyond Parramatta. TRINITY LITBRABY AND MUSICAL INSTITUTE.-The members of this association gave a complimentary enter- tainment to a crowded audience last evening, in the school- room, Lower Fort-Btreet. A very attractive programme was prepared for the delectation* of tho assembly who t-howtd their appreciation of the various items by hearty îoundB of applause. The entertainment commenced with thc overture to " Crown Diamonds" whioh was beautifully executed on the piano, by Mr. W. G. Broadhurst, who also neted BB accompany 1st, with no Bmall amount of sucoess during the evening. The musical pieces comprising the " Soldiers' Chorus, from the Opera of Faust, *' Comrades in Arms," "Breathe Soft ye Winds," "As I'd nothing else to do;" "O'er this down so free;" "Now my Courage," and a solo on the flute, by Mr. Bayley, were all very creditably rendered. The literary selections were the Progress of Madness, by Mr. Grant, and several scenes from Hamlet, the parts of Hamlet and the Ghost being performed by the Messrs. Dalgarno with marked success. The programme was concluded with an amusing sketch entitled " O'Callaghan on his Last Legs," tho oharacter of O'Callaghan being sustained by Mr. William Calder, who was well supported by the rest of the cast. The same pro- gramme will be repeated next Friday night, when a small charge will be made for admission. FATAL SNAKE BITE.—On Friday last (says the Braid- wood Dispatch) a man named John M'Cabe, a shepherd in the employment of Mr. William Scott, of Long Swamp, met with his death by the bite of a snake under very pecu- liar circumstances. He took out his sheep that morning BB usual upon their run in the Mulloon ranges, between Mr. Scott's place and Gidleigh, and at about half-past 10 o'clock in the morning he was stooging down for the pur- pose of excretion, and when rising there from a large brown snake fastened on the portion of his body most exposed, and after sticking its deadly fangs into him fell to the ground, when one of his dogs seized hold of the reptile and killed it. The poor man immediately after he was bitten felt his eight grow dim, and made his way home as fast as poeeible, and only just had time to reach his door when he found himself stone blind. His wife scarified the wound and dfd all that eho was enabled to do to alleviate the pains of the sufferer, and to cheek the effects of the poison, and then started off on horseback to obtain the assistance of Mr. Scott, whose house was some six or eight miles away. Mr. Scott promptly returned with her, bringing some brandy with him, which ho applied plenteously to the wound after again scarifying it. The poor sufferer, however, said ir was all of no use, that he knew he would shortly die, and when evening oame he departed this life ofter about nine hours had elapsed from the time he was bitten. The most singular port of the Budden termination of thia poor fellow's exiatence was, howover, that his wife some two or three nights before had dreamt that her husband waa bitten by a deadly snake, from the effects of which be died, and so foicibly had this dream impressed its awful import upon her mind that she could not shake off the cresentiment that the fate predicted in her dream was hanging over her husband, and to guard against such a possibility she made him a complete pair of leather trousers reaching as high as an ordinary pair of trousers. The Queensland Time» of the 17th instant says :-A young man named James Bowman, while bathing in 'the river on Saturday afternoon, received a severe bite on the hand. The part at once began to swell, and as he became ' drowsy and slow in bis movements he was hurried oft* to - Mr. Fitzgibbon, who scarified the hand, but failing to make blood come, and deeming the case a very serious ode,! he ordered his removal to the hospital, to whioh placo ho was at once taken. He arrived there in a state of stupor, and i his hand was dreadfully swollen. The usual appliances in such cases were administered without delay, and the result was that the sufferer was able to leave the institution next i morning quite well. The symptoms were those of a snake- bite, i BBADLSV. Newton, and Lamb beg to call the attention of Furniture Buyers and others to their large Balo of. furniture, engravings, &o..; at their Rooms, Old Bank ot AustraWuvUiiB day, at ll o'elotk,-Auv, » 