THE METEORIC SHOWEK. s A beautiful and wonderful sight was pre sented to the «yes of all those who were on the watch for the promised marvels in the sty- A frosty air had taken the place of the wet and cloudy atmosphere of the preceding day, and the great dome of Heaven was clear for the mysterious performance. About midnight it began.in earnest, and the mind must hare been ignorant and careless* indeed whieh was not impressed with that celestial pyrotechny. An almost incessant Sight of bright and flashing bodies from east to west, in arcs of faint or vivid splendour*, scored the midnight and morning sky till daylight dawned. Some drew a chord of silver radi ance over apparently a vast section of the heavens; some but sparkled into existence and then directly died again); some were only seen as dim white trails upon the. dark back ground. Here a brilliant nucleus darted along with a tail of silver spangles behind it, which made it seem so like a heavenly rocket that there was a sense of disappointment when jjt merely vanished, instead of bursting with an immense explosion into a girondole of planets or asteroids. Then another ball of white fire without the spangles seemed bent on plunging into the midriff' of Orion, or knocking a star clean off the Grreat Bear's muzzle; while now and again there would be lines without balls at all, and faint distant gleams, and dim things of glory like the ghosts of illuminated clouds : what was strangest, perhaps, about the spectacle was its silence; one half expected that such a feu de joie among the world would be accompanied by distant and rumbling noises, echoes of the hissing speed which ignited the meteors, whispers in rolling thunder of their birth and dissolution. But the hundreds upon hundreds of these scintillating bodies —whatever they be, whensoever they come, and whithersoever tliey go—which displayed their lovely vagaries, did it in solemn silence.^ That lent a peculiar character to the sight, and made it harder to believe, what astronomers tell us, that all the meteors were within our own atmosphere, and owed their appearance to that very fact. Shooting stars are common enough of course, and at certain seasons they occur pretty frequently; but Tuesday night was quite as marvellous, as the scientific men predicted. He who was in bed during the display lost a sight to thought ful eyes worth seeing—a heaven full of winged and silent wanderers, perpetually starting forth, perpetually vanishing. Indeed, we know not whether any simile was more suggested by their silence, their flight chiefly in one direction, and their steady sweep than that of winged creatures. They looked like no,earthly fireworks, but rather resembled: silver birds wending their way one after another to some mysterious star-herony in the firmament—or if not birds, the forehead planets of angels and archangels summoned in splendid cohorts and regiments to vast service of God, and hastening with the lamp of their world lighted to the divine rendez vous. Is that too fanciful P Well, at least we can take shelter in the consideration that nobody, even among, the saints, can tell, us precisely what relations the meteors bear to the rest of the cosmos. Science has done much, no doubt, to throw light on the mysterious nature ot the brilliant strangers ; aud it would be unpar donable to disparage her achievements after her exact prediction of the display. What a reputation such a knowledge would have created for a rain- doctor,in Africa ! What an historical miracle" might have been made of it fry a clever commander on the eve of a tough battle! But science, though she knevr the show was comingvis only beginning to form a conception of the part the meteors .piay in the endless maze of the planetary dance. We have, indeed, the fact of indisputable connec tion between these radiant wanderers, and the meteoralites and aerolites which fall to our earth. But how did they come within our region at all ? Are they made, as some think, by strange vital forces which gather together and agglomerate the floating star-dust, and so manufacture the germs and kernels of planets and suns to be ? Are they shot, as others imagine, point-blank from volcanoes in the moon, with a mighty explosion, compared to which anything that Big Will can do is like the performance of a child's pop- gun ? But in that case there must be something worse than the needle-gun aloft wherewith to fire at us such incessant broadsides ! Or is the case a3 seems generally accepted in the absence of an equally reasonable theory, that there is a vast, a boundless caravan of these tiny starlets scouring along at an inconceivable speed in the infinite desert of the sky, and that stragglers get <Jaught.in< our envelope ofajr ivhen we come near their path, and ilash^ themselves into light by. the intense..frictiojj of their passage through that medium r There is cosmical grandeur i» th?is idea :• # baby star^ cold to the heart with1 the silence and frost of the empyrean suddenly heated* into frenzy of fire by the coarse air of a earthr till the chilly heart and!.thte/ glbwing skin split asunder,. ifbe baby star perishes in dust and glory-*perishes of his teething. But, in* that ease how marvellous it still is thiis to* fforae once in tbisty- three years upon this firmental nursery among the young, planets t If these swarms of silver star-bees buzz along their path without a thrill of what we call-life do not their very emptiness aad busy want of business remain a marvel that checks- the breath? Yet these, whatever they be, are1 but as the dust in our streets to the globe* itself—as the spray upon the ocfcan to itjB* fathomless billow—compared with the glori ous and unimaginable perfections even of that portion of the universe which comes within: our own ken. Whoever missed the sight mtwt wait thitty three years and a quarter for the da capo of the exhibition. That will be about the finish of the : century—the year of grace 1,900.. Will those that see the stars shoot then know a great deal more about it all than we do?' Will tbey laugh with pity at our poor and uninformed appreciations ? Will it be a mucb better age than this, with no terrors of death,, no contests of religion, no knaves, nofools, no Tories? The world travels fast nowadays, in events as well m space, and it is a wonder ful thing to reflect uppn what has happened in it since the celestial pyroteehny was list celebrated. And speed breeds speed, and events hasten events ; so that without doubt the balance of the century will witness some wonderful consummations. Well, it is pos terity's concern! And posterity is just now making pothooks and eating jam on its bread and butter; taking more interest in a good sixpenny rocket than in all the stars which shot on Tuesday between Sagittariaus and Hercules. Those who are older know enough to wonder and to wait, assured that the korar* is right when it asks, in the name of Allah,. " The heavens, and all that is between themr think ye I have created them ii jest?" At the Bishop Auckland Police-Courtr John Brown, a pitman, living at Spennymoory was charged bj- Sergeant Robinson with at* offence against the Public Health Act. The sergeant said he went to a man's house and found that place in a very filthy state. Besides a family of seven children there were seven dogs, three ducks, three rabbits, and. between 20 and 30 hens and chickens, all in the same room. Defendant said there was no nuisance, but was convicted. On Oct. 26 the Earl of Onslow reached the great age of 89 years, and the event was celebrated with rejoicings at his lordshipV estates at Richmond and Clandon. A few days ago the ostler at the Woolpaiky Salisbury, handed over to his mistress a bag, of * notes1' and "gold'' which had been found in the stable. The bag was found to contain 31 sovereigns, two £10- notes, and a cheque for £79. On examination, however, it was discovered that, the coins and the noteswer,e "flash," though both were tolerably good imitations of the genuine articles. The cheque, however, appeared to be a good one. It is drawn upon the London and County Bank, and payable at Canterbury. The) vacancies in the commission-of the peace for the borough of Slamford, hav-e been filled up by the appointment as magistrates of Mr Henry Johnson, bookseller. Dr Robhs, and Dr Newman. The Russians are still advancing in Central Asia, tbe last stronghold of the Emir of ' Bokhara baring been captured by assault. The news of the last battle between the Brazilians and Paraguayans in South America first reached the northern part of theeatne continent by telegraph from England. The New York papers published it with: the heading" Important from: South America. -—Rio Janeiro, Oct. 10, via-London, Nov.. 5." A complete amnesty has been granted by the Emperor of Russia to all Italians trans ported to Siberia, for their participation in/the late Polish revolution. It is said that Colonel--St. George Ord, C.B.r has been appointed Governor of the new colonial government of the Straits Settlements,, and Mr Robert Keate Governor of Natal. In the Banda booty case, which occupied the Court of Admiralty 27 days with the judgment, and in which 37 counsel appeared, the law costs, as allowed, were £'58,005. The fund is.expected shortly to be divided. It was taken nearly 10 3'ears ago. Mr Wyes, of Lloyd's, has addressed a letter to Lord Stanley, directing attention to the claims of British shipowners in regard to the capture of several hundred vessels by Federal men-of-war during the late war, of which Mr Hammond, by desire of Lord Stanley, replied, stating that no arrangement has hitherto been made between her Majesty's Government and that of the United States for the examination and settlement of the claims of their respective subjects and eitzorrs arising out of the events of the late civil war in the United States. " Look well before yon leap," is very good^j advice in its way, but how can sickly-looking* people follow it P 