THE MAIL. Tho R.M.S. Bombay, having on board the English mails for November, arrived in Hobson's Bay at an early hour yesterday morning. By her wc have files of London journals to the 20lh November, from which wo give herewith as full particulars of the principal events of >hc month as our space will permit. The greater portion of tho Continental and the Indian and Eastern news wns sufficiently detnilcd in our telegraphic sum mary published yesterday. GENERAL SUMMARY. Tho great fall of meteors on the night of the 13th inst., has made a pleasant interlude in tho political and ecclesiastical controversies by which our social air is disturbed. The astronomers so confidently predicted that on tho 12th or 13tb the earth in its orbit would pass through tho meteoric belt, which is supposed, like ourselves, to bo con stantly circling tho sun, and they assured us that this was nn opportunity for witnessing so grand a display of " celestial fireworks" as would not be seen again for thirty-three years, that largo numbers of people banished sleep far that night. On tho 12th we hnd nothing hut clouds nnd rain, but the evening ot the 13th was brilliantly clear, excepting in n few plnccs on the western const ot England. The moon went down early, and tho wonderful sight was observed under the most favourable conditions ; deeply do the sceptics who wont snceringly to bed, nnd slept nnd snored till morning, now Jnmcut their unbelief. Just ns the scientific men had foretold, scarcely a shooting star was seen till niter midnight, when they began to nppear In gicat numbers, and continued to multiply till the heavens were literally alive witli them. The grentcst number were seen between 1 a.m. nnd 1.20 c.m.— as mnny ns 100 being counted in a minute. Some were of great bril liancy, and tho trains of light which marked their course wero fnintlv visnblo for a minute or two after the nucleus itself had disappeared. Atone observatory 7000 were counted, but for a lew minutes they wero so numerous that all counting wns impossible. Next day the newspapers could talk of nothing but the meteors. The Times hnd a page of popular scientific talk about tlietn, with hosts of letters Irom people describing their im- pressions. The " pennies" were amazingly exalted end poetic In their style, especially tho Daily Telegraph, which particularly nfi'ects florid writing because it finds it suits the public taste. Tho more bombastic nnd high- sounding their leaders, the better the paper sells. It described tho meteors alter this fashion " They looked likenoenrthly fireworks, butrnthcrrescrablcdsilver birds wending their wny to eomo mysterious sttir- lieronry in the firmament ; or if not birds, then the lorehcad-planeta of nngels and archangels, summoned in splendid cohorts, ote. . . One ball of white fire without the spangles seemed bent on plunging into the midriff of Orion, or knocking a oiai uvau wax viiu uiutib ucui a luuilic, Willie now and again there would ha lines without halls at oil, nnd faint distant gleams and dim things of glory, like the ghosts ofilluininated clouds." And so on to any extent. The stock oi metaphors on bund at tho Telegraph office is practically un limited. On Monday Mr. Arthur Kavantigh was elected member for Wexford County, heating Mr. Pope Ilennessy, the young Tory Catholic barrister, who used to be the link between the Conservatives and the Pope's brass band, by a large majority. Mr. Kavanagh is descended from an ancient Irish family, and has a good patrimony, but it was his misfortune to he born without feet or hands— indeed ho has but very short stumps in the place of either of his four limbs. He lias n hand some face and robust body, with what is still more ku kuc jjuijjuou ttu iiu-v u gnu |«iMvunui (iliuu, which lift!) enabled him iu a mo;fc wonderful man ner to triumph over bis sad physical disad vantages. He writes beautifully with his pen In bis raoutli, he is a good shot, a fair draftsman, aud a dashing huntsman. He sits on horseback in n kiad of saddle -basket, nnd rides with great fear lessness. He lately wrote and published a lively nnd smart book, called (< The Cruise of the Eva." He has married a lady of beauty, nnd has n large family of handsome children. He is about forty years of age, exceedingly popular iu all the coun try round, and has now been elected n member of Parliament by the ncclniin of his neighbours. He wilt make a sensation in the House of Common. But how much better this than the doings of the Irish over tho water. Iu New York they have just returned one John Morisscy to Congress, a : rullhniy gambler and blackleg, who Iut9 been in prison repeatedly— a convict puuislied for all manner u! offences. The Fenlaus have not given up their mnd and wicked designs. Stephens lately told ills followers iu America that Ireland would be free before the 1st of January; and, on Wednesday, two boxe3 filled with rifles nnd bullet-moulds were seized oil a steamer going from Liverpool to Cork. Ou Thursday other seizures were made at Liineriek, and extensive stores of arms have been dis covered. Arrests also are beginning again, and the turmoil is renewed. The nuthorship of the celebrated book entitled " Eccc Homo" has now been traced to Professor 8eilcy, who occupies (ho Latin chair at the London University College. He is the eon of Mr. Seilcy, the well-known Evangelical publisher, nnd is himself a thoroughly Christian man; yet it was of his volume that Lord Shaftesbury said It was 14 the vilest book ever vomited from the mouth of hell." The Pope has put it iu the. 41 Index Expurgatorius " along with Br. Puscy's 44 Eirenicon." There is a great stir at University College just now because the council have refused to appoint the Rev. James Murtineau, the celebrated Uni tarian minister, to the Professorship of Mental Philosophy; while Cambridge University baa just appoiutcd the Uev. Frederick Maurice to a similar lair, it is thought very illiberal of the University College to reject Mr. Martincau, whose brilliant tnleuts would have lent some prestige to the University. If the trial of ex- Governor Eyre ever get® fairly under weigh, it will occasion immense excitement. The news that the Jamaica Grand Jury have ignored the bill against Ramsay, the provost- marshal, who hung a negro lor grinding his teeth while under the lash, ha intensified the resolution to punish some of those engaged in suppressing the outbreak. Lieutenant Brand, who presided over the court- martial at Morant Bay, which hiiug Gordon nnd 183 other persons, has aheady brought punish ment upon himself. He wrote a most impudent letter to Mr. Charles Buxton, M.P., who has tnken a leading part in this business, accusing him of telliug 44 wicked and malicious lies," and of fight, and wound up by thnnking Heaven that 44 Buxton and Co. were not hi>? masters—we lmvo a new Admiralty, my friend." His expectation of comfort and aafety from 44 a new Admiralty" havo, however, proved delusive. As soon as Mr. Buxton had published hi letter, the Admiralty sent directions to the Commodore on the station to supersede Lieutenant Brand 44 for conduct un becoming nn otticei' nnd n gentleman." Tho ngitatiou for Reform on the one hand, nnd against ritualism on the etiier, continue lively. The Reformers have had n conference nt Man chester, at which there scemeu to be n disposition to go in for household suffrage. We are wonder ing here in London what is to happen next Mon day, when the trades4 unions are to make a demonstration. It is said that 200.000 men will walk tho streets in procession, and many people feur a repetition of the llyde Park rioting, but the ?ood pcnso of both the authorities and people may jo trusted to avoid mLchief. Sir William Erie retires from the Lord Chief Ju-diccsliip c>f the Common Pleas, nnd It is believed that Sir William Bovill, the Solicitor- General, will h3 his sm'C2Fsor. Aiutber vacancy on the bench will shortly occur by the resignation of Yice-Chiuiccllor tiir it. T. Kindersley. who has served a period rrquMtc to entitle him to his pension. After a long and successful practice at the bftr Sir 11. T. Ktndersley held for several years the olHce of Master in Chancery, nnd was subse quently. appointed a Vicc-Chauccllor. It is stated further that Mr. Mulins, who at the pre vent moment happens to be out of Parliament, is destined to succeed Sir R. T. Kindersley a Vice- Chancellor. Sir John Rolt, the new Attorney-General, has been re-elected, without opposition, for West Gloucestershire. The proceedings were, of course, purely formal. . it i stated tnar air iiugu L/r.irnswu uubiku u peerage on hi Hevaiiou to the bench, bat de clined the honour. 0om Miguel, Duke of Brngwza, whose assumption, some thirty-five years hincet of regal power in Portugal, ioduccd British intervention and a tedlou and destructive war, died on the 14th Novcmher, of n stroke of npnplexy,nt Bronn- bach, near Wertlndm. The late duke was tho brother of the lato Emperor Pedro of Brazil (Pedro IV., of Portugal), aud consequently undo of the late Q leca Maria II. He was born on the 20th of October, UW2. In September, 1851, he m irried the Princess Adelaide of Lovvenstein- Rosenberg, by whom he had two children. Among the deaths during the month L> that of Sir William Parker, Admiral of the Fleet and first 1 naval nide-de-camp to Her Majesty. # He wna twice a Lord of the Admiralty, and for hi distin guished services in China was created a K.C.R., and received the tbauks of both Houses of Parlia- | ment. I 