CHURCHYARD BRAVERY. BY G. W. H. In the evening of a beautiful summer's day, early in the month of June, 18-, three persons might have been observed seated in one of the apartments of the Royal Oak, principal and only inn of a little village, plea santly situtated on the banks of the picturesque Loch —, about eight miles above its junction with the Frith of Clyde, and which we shall here designate by the name of Ar dincruach. These young men had long been the near est and dearest of friends had lived long to gether in G—, and attended the same classes at the University, during the session which had closed but a short time previous to their introduction to the reader. They were seemingly agreeably occupied, for on the table before them were crowded together curiously constructed goblets and glasses, antique looking wooden ladles, a couple of long-necked bottles, containing spirit, which, from its potency, had never been blasted into weakness by the evil eye of an exciseman. In short, the heterogenous mass of articles consisted of all that is generally denominated as 'the materials' for the concoc tion of whisky-punch. In addition to these, a case or two of cigars on the table, together with a large and ap parently long used meerschaum in the hands of one of the party, afforded uncontrovertible evidence that the three friends were not all opposed to the consumption of the often, but we think unjustly calumniated 'weed of Virginia.' For some time the silence was unbroken ; but at length the youngest of the party, whom we shall call Stafford, and who fair curling hair and open countenance at once proclaimed his Saxon descent, after gazing long upon the unruffled aspect of the Loch, spread like an extended mirror before his eyes, calm and placid as the repose of good men--started up, ex claiming, 'This is indeed a place where one might live and die in peace, forgetting the tumults and ambitions of a cold and selfish world, and in turn forgotten by all, save the chosen few in whose memory a thought of the recluse would be preserved.' 'Why Stafford,' said one who was seated on his right, and who in appearance, present ed a direct contrast to his friend, having dark eyes and hair, a swarthy complexion, and large whiskers, which, meeting under his chin, almost concealed his face. 'Why, Stafford how romantic you have become. The next tidings we shall hear of you, I suppose, will be that you have taken up your abode in the tomb of Fingal which we saw in the glen the other day ; and with those rude stones as your dwelling, and the heather for your couch, will fancy you are rivalling in sanctity some famed hermit of the olden time.' 'No, no, Cameron,' replied Stafford ; 'I have no such thoughts as these ; the day for such romance is long past. Were a man, now- a-days, to isolate himself from his fellow-men, and avoid the society of his race, he would be looked upon either as a madman or a fool. Nevertheless I cannot help thinking that the inhabitants of such a sweet place as this must be happy.' 'If they are-so,' exclaimed the only one of the three who had not yet spoken, and whose good humoured face and sparkling eye, per suaded the observer that he, at least, had never felt the biting sting of misery. 'If they are so,' said Hamilton, 'it can only be the hap piness of ignorance ; and yet I doubt very much if happiness be indeed compatible with ignorance, for ignorance is always accompan ied by superstition--where there is supersti tion there must be fear—where there is fear there can be no happiness, 'for perfect love casteth out fear ; therefore, where there is ignorance, happiness in truth must be far, far away.' 'Well done, Hamilton,' said Cameron ; 'I question if your namesake, Sir William him self, could have furnished us with a better sample of the sorites. But seriously speak ing, I believe you are right, for the Scottish peasantry above all others, are the most prone to entertain superstitious fears -witness their belief in second sight, with all its attendant train of horrors ; also their witches, warlocks, and the hobgoblin host. Nay, I have heard a friend of mine declare that he once terrified the inhabitants of a Highland village out of their senses by walking down the road, past the churchyard, late in the evening, wrapt in a white sheet, holding an umbrella over his head, and a cigar in his mouth, which latter, doubtless, the natives believed to be the blazing fiery eye of the ghost they took him for.' After this anecdote of Cameron's the con versation turned upon apparitions and ghosts, and finally upon practical jokes, of which they had either heard or had themselves been made the victims of. 'The only thing of the kind,' observed Hamilton, 'that ever happened to me, occur red last summer, while staying down with Da Young, at Invercleuch, trying to persuade myself I was acquiring a knowledge of drugs and surgery. There were only two others at that time residing with the Doctor-Starke and Douglas-both very fond of what they called fun. We were sitting round the study fire one chill evening in September, when the Doctor came in and asked which of us would oblige him by going up to the minister of the parish with some mixture or anther, which it was necessary must go that night, and as Dick, his boy, or page, if you would rather call him so, had not returned from Edinburgh, he had no one to send. I imme diately offered to go, and wrapping myself up in my great coat, set off at a brisk pace, through a thick misty night, to the manse. To reach the house I had to go through a long dark lane, that led closely past the churchyard wall, and as I never plumed my self upon my courage on such occasions, I did not much like it ; but as there was no help for it, on I went, and reached the manse in safety, delivered my parcel, and set off on my return home. Just as I had got to the mid dle of the lane, I thought I heard a prolonged and hollow groan ; I paused and listened, hearing nothing, I endeavoured to persuade myself that it was only fancy, and moved on again, when once more I heard it, louder than before; instinctively I took to my heels, but had not run many yards when I fell headlong over something soft and yielding to the touch, which I felt —for the night was so dark I could not distinguish anything-to be a hu man body. I gave a shout of terror, and turned to the left, leaped the high wall far thest from the churchyard. Encountering on the other side some moving object I scarcely paused to dash it to the earth, and continuing the rapidity of my flight, never stopped till I found myself in safety by the study fire again. I was surprised to find neither of my com panions within, and instantly conjectured that some trick had been played upon me ; my suspicions were confirmed in a few min utes by the entrance of Douglas and Stark— one with his face dreadfully cut and bruised. The mystery was very soon solved. Starke had conceald himself behind the wall, and had given utterance to the groans which had so much alarmed me, while Douglas had lain down across the road for the purpose of causing my overthrow. Starke being on the other side of the wall, in my terror I had violently struck him to the ground, the marks of which rough handling he did not get rid of for many days afterwards.' 'Well,' observed Cameron, 'I can for my part affirm, that never in all my life have I felt the sensation of fear for anything super natural, were any being of that nature tp ap pear to me, I think I should have sufficient presence of mind to reason with, and covince myself, that there was in reality no cause for alarm.' 'Oh you can't tell,' replied Hamil ton, 'till you have been tried; it is a very easy thing to sit here and talk of it ; but if we were at this instant, to be favoured with a visit from an inhabitant of another world, I'll be bound to say, you would not be less startled than the rest of us.' 'Startled, I grant you,' said Cameron, ' I should be for the moment, but I would very soon recover my calmness, and be able to carry on with him or her, as the case might be, a long and animated conversation.' Theo,' interrupted Stafford, 'since these are your sentiments, you can have no objection to per form some daring feat or other, to prove to our satisfaction, that you really feel as you describe ?' 'Certainly, not,' replied Cameron; 'what mighty enterprise do you wish me to under take ? I don't mind what it is, provided it be within the bounds of possibility.' 'Well,' said Stafford, ' suppose you get the key of the church from the landlord here, and set off by yourself, taking with you a hammer and nails, a couple of which you must promise to drive into the inside of the pulpit.' 'The very thing,' exclaimed Hamilton, ' and as the 'witching hour of night' draws near, the greater courage will be requisite for the task.' 'I agree to your proposal,' rejoined Came ron, all I stipulate for is, that neither of you must leave this apartment for at least half an hour after my departure, at the conclusion of which time, if I have not made my appear ance, you may conclude I have fallen foul of a whole troop of hobgoblins, and come in search of me. With these words he summoned the land lord of the house, and having obtained from him the key of the church, threw his cloak over his shoulders and departed. When he stepped into the open air, he was surprised at the chance that had taken place in the weather. An hour or two before, the evening was beautiful and warm, scarce a cloud could be seen in the sky and all nature seemed to give good promise of a 'fair and bright to-morrow. ' But now the night was dark and misty, accompanied by a thick drizzling rain, that chilled and drenched him; the wind which before had scarcely strength to 'stir the ringlet on a lady's cheek,' now sighed and moaned through the waving branches of the fir trees, 1ike the howling of unquiet spirits. As Cameron proceeded, the air seemed to grow more and more dense and stifling, until his very breathing became pain ful to him ; but still he persevered. Then there flashed across his memory, stories-long forgotten, indeed, but now vivi dly remembered, as if summoned into life by the wave of an enchanter's wand--stories of dreadful murders, committed in dark and lonely lanes, unrevealed for long, but at last discovered through the agency of 'spectres grim, and melancholy ghosts,' with pallid cheek and shadowy finger, pointing to the bloody half closed wounds ; tales of sights and deeds of horror, which if he had thought of them amid the brilliant sunshine of the cheerful day, would have been entirely disre- garded, or perchance only raised a smile of pity for the credulity of superstitious men; but recurring to him as they did, in the solemn silence of the midnight hour, and when he was bent upon an errand, as some, would think, almost of sacrilege, caused him to experience feelings of awe and almost of terror ; but still he persevered. Cameron was not truly a brave man; he was by no means a coward, in so far as he was possessed of much of what is called phy sical bravery ; but he was totally destitute of that nobles description of courage, which is caused by a man's constantly bearing in mind, that he is cared for, and watched over by a higher power-that moral courage which takes its rise from a trustful reliance on the goodness of superintending Providence. He was, in fact, very prone to believe in the supernatural ; his superstitious feelings, despite his allegations to the contrary to his companions, were very easily excited, and to avoid this being suspected, he had recourse to the method of affecting extreme hardi hood, whenever such subjects were intro duced ; hence his present dilemma. He could not now recede, without exposing himself to the ridicule of his friends, and confessing that he was, in fact, more superstitious than even they themselves were, so still he persevered. He had now reached the churchyard, which he traversed with a beating heart, and arrived at the door of the building itself. Here he paused for a moment, hesitating whether he might not even then return, and state to his friends that he was unable to unlock the door, or that he had lost the key, or any similar excuse; but then again, the thought came across his mind that they would not be live him, but say he had been too terrified to go on with his enterprise; so, mustering all his resolution, he unlocked the door, and entered the church. All was dark and silent ; he advanced up the broad aisle leading from the door to the pulpit stairs, slowly, listening attentively to catch the slightest sound, but all was still, save the moaning of the wind and the beating of the rain against the windows. He ascended the pulpit stairs, opened the door, entered, and turning his face towards the reading desk, began to drive the nails into the front of the pulpit. He seemed to feel every blow vibrate through his frame till at length, driven almost to frenzy, by the dull beating sound of the hammer, he redoubled the energy and rapidity of his blows ; and as the noise of each, swelled louder and loud er, and mingled with the howling of the wind and the bursting of the storm, he could not refrain from shouting aloud, and after the nails were buried in the wood before him, continued for some moments to wield his hammer with undiminished violence. At length he paused from exhaustion and found his task completed; he tried to stretch him self backwards from his recumbent position, when to his dismay, he found he could not raise himself to his full height, could not stir from the spot ; the intensity of his feelings now amounted almost to agony. ''Was this, then, the attoning punishment for his hypoc- risy, his wickedness ?' To be held for ever by supernatural agency in that position, or only to be released, perchance, by the sacri fice of life or limb. He attempted with all his force to release himself, but without effect ; a hand of iron seemed to confine him to the spot. He called for assistance, but there were none within hearing, he entreated mercy, implored forgiveness, prayed, wept, but in vain, no answer was returned him ; but, ris ing above the fury of the storm, he heard his own name shouted in hoarse and unnatural accents ; borne along upon the howling of the wind, he heard that name repeated in different and myriad tongues. In vain he struggled to give back shout for shout, not one word could he utter ; and as he heard the voices approaching nearer and nearer, the struggle became too much for him to bear and consciousness left him. When he recovered his recollection, he found himself in a comfortable and well- lighted apartment in the Royal Oak, beside his bed were seated his two friends, Stafford and Hamilton, who soon communicated to him how he had been released from his dis agreeable situation. After Cameron had taken his departure from the inn, his friends sat for some time talking of him, and of the object for which he had set out. But as the time passed away, and still there were no signs of his appearance, they begin to be somewhat alarmed, and, accompanied by several of the people of the House, set forth in search of him. When they approached the church, they called on him by name, hoping that by that time he would be on his return home ; but when there was no reply, they each took dif ferent paths, fearing that Cameron might have missed his way back, and all calling loudly upon him, met together at the church door; this they found open, and entering by the aid of the lights they carried, perceived the object of their search, in the pulpit, bend ing forwards, but perfectly motionless; ad vancing quickly up the stairs, they perceived he had fainted. When they attempted to raise him, they found they were unable to move him from the spot, and on closely ex amining the nature of the obstacle that pre vented his removal they saw that in the energy with which he had prosecuted his task, he had unconsciously nailed a portion of his cloak firmly to the wood, which being also tightly clasped round his neck hindered him from leaving the pulpit; hence his ter rors, hence his unconsciousness. His friends quickly carried him to the inn, where, by proper applications, he very soon recovered and even tried to smile at the visionary, na ture of his terrors; but the effort was too great, his nervous feelings had been too powerfully excited; and it was many days before he could shake off the effect produced upon his spirits, by that one half hour spent in the church of Ardincruach .-Gasgow Uni versity Album. 