~'~'~$wti^ fttfHfigem IP'' ? 'ENGLAND. ? : ?; . j WHOLESALE INFAJS'TICIDE IN GKPAT BRITAIN. ' ? ? ' * The statistics of ehild-murderl-ro--}#w forward '?' ^byDr. Lankesfcer have exposed .-tiiat gentleman * - to muchobloquy and abna.?.. i»-M- those who are ;','?' „ contented that a hid^u* and wide-spread evil '' should exist, so \ot.Q as its. existence is neither ' '' seen nor admi^i-to bo a fact. The thing is, ?'''however, cropping up in different parts of this -' -^ ' ?country* and honest journalists out of London ' n^re ever and anon remarking upon.it.' Thus we ? 'rind in the Carlisle Examiner the following re marks on the prevalence of the crime in that locality:-— . ! 'Wholesale Infanticide in Carlisle. — \- There are more ways of sacrificing the innocents than by smothering theni between bedticks or \- rupturing the jugular, vein with a murderous ' thumb. There is a safer mode of making off : , with the body than by wrapping it in paper and ; ? dropping the parcel by the roadside. _ There are \- . , women in Carlisle whose business it is to nurse ' . * chance' children ; and the terms are, not a ' weekly sum, but a tidy amount paid down on ' ' the nail. When the mother, who cares to hear no more of her child, produces the money, the infant is 'taken in,' and the first step of its nurse is to enter it in a burial club; The little ' ? ttiiiigds ' soothed' with laudanum preparations, , v or it is overlaid, or it dies in a 'fit' (i.e., starva ,tion). The burial club is drawn upon, and a decent sum is realised by the transaction. My informant knows one old woman of this kind, living in Botchergate, who has applied to him over and over again for a burial certificate for infants who had died under her treatment. He very properly refused to give one ; but as the registrar is obliged' under a. penalty to supply a certificate, the difficuly is quietly got over, and —I speak gravely — murder is hushed up. The fact that coroners are' now paid a fixed salary takes somewhat from their vigilance ; and so the cases to which I refer rarely come before the \- The Glasgow Herald also takes up the subject in a very striking article. It says : — ' We have good ground for now and again congratulating ourselves on the progress achieved by the ? country in various directions, both of amoral : ;: ?v'jand commercial nature. Sometimes, at least, ?: rwe may truthfully say that we are first-rate traders and passable Christiana. In the midst, however, of even these moderate congratulations, the quiet statement of a glaring fact or two not ^infrequently shuts us up as thoroughly as if we were gagged or muzzled. ? We have, for instance, ; shrunk with horror at the unholy cheapness of human life in certain foreign countries, con fessedly less civilised than our own. We have especially shuddered at the deliberate practice of ?'?. infanticide in vogue among the Chinese. Yet neither in murder nor infanticide is this country wholly undistinguished. There are, indeed, ~ periodical spaces of time when the country seems almost wholly virtuous— so far at least as the perpetration of what may be called public crimes is concerned ; but a curious change in the condition of the social atmoshpere suddenly ; aupervenes, and the country's delusive dream of virtue is mercilessly broken by very showers of \- ; crime— thieving garotting, knifing, throtcut ting, poisoning, and baby-killing. It would ap pear as if our moral condition were subject to j influences analagous in their process of action and reaction to those which regulate the . ' weather. We do not, however, for a moment pre tend that such phenomena are any thing more than evanescent characteristics or our steady ana per manent progress. But there they are, and we can not avoid them. The Palmer tragedies showed : .how, much crime of the cruellest type was possi ' ble in a country in which the ideal of social ? goodness is peculiarly high. Proof of a similar kind has been elicited by the singularly heartless murders committed by Dr. Pritchard. One : r. peculiar feature in the cases ' both of Palmer .and Pritchard was the existence of a dark back ground in their lives, which seemed peopled iVi with' the ghosts of other victims. It was sup ' ?:; .posed on good grounds in the case of Palmer that , ..exhaustive- investigation, had it been possible, ?t would probably have brought to light some half - ' dozen other murders perpetrated by the same hand. Similar suppositions are by no means / wholly unwarranted in the case of Pritchard. These .things show that much corruption may exist and many gross crimes be perpetrated in the full blaze of our moral and material advance ? ment; and that, in fact, we can never be cer tain that in the moat splendid and soundest seeming condition of our social organisation, there does not exist some slightly hidden local blemish, which may at any moment burst forth and overwhelm us with grief and shame. ? 'There remain two points — deliberate child ' murder and involuntary infanticide, both of Which, according to apparent reliable authority, exist in this country to an enormous extent. Dr, Lankeater recently stated that the amount of child murder perpetrated in London alone ' ' , was fearful in . the extreme. It was the second or third time ho had called attention to the sub ject, and the crime was certainly not on the I ' decrease, . The murders consisted principally of : new-bom babes, a great proportion of the cases , necessarily involving the previous commission of ,ihuch social sin;. and the doctor sat down the ' number annually murdered at so large an array that *re hesitate to present it in figures, lest tjho statement be regarded as an arithmetical fable. If anything can, this ia one, of those appalling ' inhumanities Which must moisten the eyes j of .[ the; j^geliT^npt wholly for the s&ko; of the babies , but chiefly' for the sako of the .hardened mothers Who; could ateep - their hands so heartlessly in the ipbueu blood of their innocents. As to in - ..Toluntary infanticide, some startling evidence tras. recently furnished by Mr. John Simon, 1 , .tlaedical officer of the Privy Council, in his. '? evidence before the Select Committee ion %h:0 .Chemists'.' 'and Druggists' '.'' Bills. ;- He is/serted that there are certain country districts of England, ' whero child- killing | by opium is monstrous.1' Opium, or certain if its preparations, is given to the children for the purpose of quieting them while their mothers ire outworking. We knew that this murder ous custom was extensively practised in the large manufacturing cities, but it is distressing to find it in active operation in districts which .were wont to be regarded as the dwelling places of benderness and innocence. The women work in gangs, lead reckless and rollicking lives, and by and' by become indifferent to the 'fate of their children, whom they look upon as encumbrances. Hence the extensive drugging with opium, which is so carelessly administered as to produce resulte that, in points of mortality, are simply hideous. Mr. Simon says that the ' peasantry have a tradition that opium is useful in their ague, and have got so familiar with it that many of the adults are opium-eaters. Having this local knowledge ot opium, they give it to the children very largely, the children dying mons trously.' Mr. Simon does not wish us to sup pose that he thinks that much of this infant slaughter is intentional ; but it is quite evident that he does think, what very few can escape thinking, that the unintentionality is so ex treinely gross and intentional-looking, that, in fact, it just trembles on the back edge of murder. Castpm only too easily supersedes conscience; and if this habit among the English peasantry of drugging their young children for the purpose of quieting them is not checked, it may degenerate into undoxibted voluntary infanticide, as practised by the Chinese. Even as it is, one can never be certain that many deliberate murders are not cunningly perpetrated under the guise of this apparently humane dosing of the querulous in fants.' 