HOW THEY MANAGE PUBLIC GARDENS AT PARIS. Paris has, of course, been invaded by an army o* newspaper correspondents, and as horticulture is to form an imposing item in the international display, tho Gardener's Chronicle early despatched on ita behalf a trusty commissioner, to report upon matters of interest to its readers. His first letter, published 2nd March, is full of facts that may be taken advan tage of by managers of colonial public garden?, in ^.Ifll.Bdin .1?n*.1r»** i^ noHiillt* i-iT^f r\f oil r»rr»nrit'f inn in the cost. The letter referred to describes Le Jardin Fleuriste do la Ville de Paris. Though hybernating here for a month past, with a view of awaiting tho opening of the Exhibition, and studying French horticulture generally, I have not yet seen much of .'t, the weather having been fully as disagreeable here as in Jiugtan'l, but the lilac buds are now beginning to swell ; thero are n few spring flowers to be seen in the Jorden des Plantes ; the wallflowers and various other spring blooming things considerably U3ed in Parisian squares, &3., aro assuming a deeper green pre paratory to blooming ; the birds aro singing merrily in tho Tuileries Gardens ; the Parisians beginning to crowd the Avenue des Champa Elysees, on fine days ; in short, one is pleasantly reminded that ' To muto and to n-ateriiv\ things. New life returning Summer brings ;'* and the bright blue sky and gladdening sun of this morning reminded me that it was a capital one on which to see the establishment from which many of the gardens, parks, avenues, and squares in and around Paris, ore supplied with plants. Many Eng lish horticulturists have an idea that French gar dening is 'behind the age.' A single visit to this establishment would leave a very different impres sion. I understood it to be a largo propagating establishment, but was surprised to lind in it, in ad dition to the plants used for bedding, a magnificent collection of exotics, which would do credit to any national botanic garden. In fact, so extensive is tho establishment, and so full the collections, that I can hope to give your readers no idea of plants of pecu liar merit or novelty, or do any more than take a rapid survey of the establishment. In summer I hope to meet all the plants used for open air decora tion in their allotted places, and there to judge of their merit, as well as to frequently visit this fine establishment to' examine its vast interest more minutely. Imagine yourself prepared to visit a 'propagating establishment,' aud then ushered into a maguificeut span-roofed curvilinear Camellia house — quite a grand conservatory of camellias, and in connection with it on one side a great conservatory filled with Aralias, Yuccas, Beaucarueas, TreeFerns, Nicotianas, Dasylirions, Draca?uas, and a host of such plants all iu fine condition, and arranged as closely and well as possible, everything being clean and orderly. Then, on tho other side, another very fine span-roofed structure for palms. And such a noble collection of healthy palms in a fresh green state ! They wero arranged in three longitudinal beds, while all round the house ran a belt of tho smaller and younger kinds, plunged in tan to give them a little encouragement. To look along tho pathway between each of these rows was like glancing into a fresh young tropical palm grove, in such perfect health were the plants. AVhen it is considered that many other great houses wero in sight, and a large field of pits and frames, the reader will agree that examining or relating the pnx ticular interest of the subject was out of tho question on a single morning, though that it is worthy of study will be conceded when I state that there aro nearly 400 lands of Palms and closely-allied plants in this establishment. Though it is essentially a business garden, and one in ?which. r.n almost innumerable host of plants have to be annually doveloped, no slovonli necs of iirrangement or cult are was apparent in these fine houses, and tho same is true of the whole. Its contents are clean, will-grjwn and well-arranged. I don't think I have eve: observed such efficient economy of space in i n English garden as in these houses. Under the 1 encb.33 aro packed quantities of caladiums, fuchsias, cam us, and hosts of things that may bo efficiently] reserved in such places in winter, and even after tl e gr^a' arums, &c;, receive their first pot of the se: son t icy are thickly stood under neath for a short time — overy available inch being taken advantage of. Some of tho houses are largo lean-tos, and instead of the back wall of such being left naked, or with one shelf placed against it at the top, there aro a series of shelves one above another— six altogether, and on these a inultitudo of plants aro accommodated — Colcuses, -Src, in the warm houses, Lantanas, and the like, in tho cool ; they keep readily enough on such during the winter, and if drawn a little or discolored, a few weeks of bright sun in the spring in the frames before putting out in the open air soon puts that to rights. In the large span-roofed curvilinear houses, with a narrow passago through the centre, thero aro a series of shelves affixed to erect irons on each side, and on these a groat number of plants are stored, so that every space is taken advantage of without in tho slightest degree interfering with the health of tho stuff, which is indeed admirable. But doubtless it is necessary thus to economise space, for tho enormous number of nearly three million of plant3 is annually required from and furnished by this establishment for the embellish ment of Paris and its environs. These are raised at the averago rate of two centimes a plant — a cost which, to yot'r least Freuch and non-decimal readers, I may describe ns about equivalent to the ghost of a farthing. And observe that many of the plants are such as would be fit to embellish any ex hibition, numbers of them being palms and fine leaved plants, while, of course, the least valuable are simply bedding plants, from Niorembergias to pelargoniums, of which last there are annuollj' sent out from henco -100,000 plants ! AVithout seeing tho houses or plants the potting shed would toll sf extraordinary horticultural operations, for in tho centre thero is a great wide bench, around which sixty men can work. Ordinary bedding plants seem to mo to be kejit hero at an extraordinary cheap rate — I think inora economically thsu I havo observed them in English gardens. A very large space of grouud is covered by parallel lines of rough iind rather shallow small woodon frames, very simply and cheaply made. They aro rather closely placed, and the pathways between, and, in fact, all tho spaces around them, filled up with leaves and mossy rakings from the adjacent Bois do Bologne. These aro nearly or quite filled up to the edgo of°the frames, and of course keep them warm and snug through the winter. In winter tho interior of tho frames is low, in spring their bottoms are raised so as to bring tho foliago of tho plants right up to the glass ; and they are now engaged in doing this by putting in a quantity of tho now pretty well consolidated leafy stuff before named. When this gets decomposed around the rough and simple frames it is taken away and preserved for potting purposes, making, of course, excellent leaf mould. Among its other remarkable and excellent features, this great nursery garden possesses a colossal aud tempting heap ef leaf-mould, which would be appreciated in tho most leafy parks of England. With the frames thus plnnge'd in a com forting mass of genially warm leaves, and tho plants lowered inside in winter, protection is a matter of easy accomplishment. They were crammed with healthy bedding plants— the most precious of the variegated pelargoniums, &c;, being of course in tho houses ; but the great mass of beddir.g stuff is grewn in this way in miles of chean frnminrr. There is no means of heating these otherwise than by tho leaves ; and as it would in any case be very desirable to accumulate a goodly store of leaf- mould, that means is anything but expensive. But though tho ordinary dwarf bedding plants are _ preserved in vast quantities in this way, it is not the cheapest way in which tliey do things here, as wo shall presently seo. You have heard of the grand and graceful use made of tho Cannas in Parisian gardening. These are preserved in a most efficient way, in caves or catacombs under the garden. After the stone is taken out of the ground for building purposes, they leave un odd rough propping column here and there, and thus wide and ' equably heated ' stores are left underground. These are in this case about seven feet high, and used as a great store for plants that may be well preserved without light in the winter. You descend by a sloping tan- covered passage, and ten to one but you imagine j-ourself in a largo Xiotato store immediately you get down, even if you aro acquainted with horticulture. I did, and was it any wonder, when heaps of different kinds of Canna, and those by no mcan3 common kinds with us, wero spread upon tho floor a yard or more deep, and 20 ft. long ? The ' tubers ' of some of the large kiuds wero from 5 to 8 inches long, and the men wera turning them over just aa they would tho contents of a series of potato-pits. Here, too in wide masses against the wall are arrayed quantities of Aralia papyiifera, the handsome and full-grown kind so useful for 'sub- tropical gardening.' It seems in perfectly firm and mfe condition, growing in this dark, or rather gas lighted climate, and sends, out long blanched leaves of a delicate lemon-color, which will of course soon acquire a healthy gre; n when the plants are placed in the open air. Thus they preserve Aralln pjpyrifera in all sizes, and this fine thing is turned out lor fjarden embellishment almost aa cheap r.s wallflowers. Of courso analagous proUciioa could be given to such things in many English gardens whero space may be limited, and much expense out of the question. In these caves were also preserved Bnigmausias, Ameri can and otheragaves, dahlias, fuchsias &c.;,adlib., and it seemed to me about the best place I had ever seen for storing such plants. It is astonishing the quantities in which you seo good things, and new bedding plants here. Houses, 80 and 100 feet long, are filled with new Alternantheras ; houses equally long, devoted to the raising of seedlin* palms, &c;, in quantity. If n plant be considered worthy of attention lit all it is propagated by tho thousand ; 50,000 being the opening quantity for a new thing of any promise. Dracrenas are grown here more abundantly than variegated Pelargoniums in many n good English bedding garde'i, and they have, I be lieve, the finest collection of such in existence. In one houso a specimen of each kind has been recently planted out in the central pit, and among them some handsome and noticeable kinds to which I cannot now allude. About the slightly em bellished Aveuno d'Eylau entrance thera is not a little hardy plant interest — among others, a collec tion of Bamboos put out to test their hardiness; nnd that out of door matters are not forgotton will be apparent when I state that there is a frame-light over one collection of tulips as big as a large con servatory, and every sign of a most extensive tulip collection, which, of course, I shall have a quiet look at by aud by, aud then also attend to any other out door matters of interest. It is a favorable plan hero to devote a house to n special subject. Thus there is a large nnd fine span-roofed stove for fienses ; a honse for the collection of bedding ninsas, with a line of .tlr'rty healthy plants of Musa Ensete, forming its backbone, so to speak ; a very largo axil high curvilinear store for the great collection of the Solaums, special houses for Arums, CalruliniM, itc, and a winter garden about 120 feot long by 40 wide, well stored with a healthy stock of usual conservatory plants, with here und there fine-leaved things like Phormiuin tenax, a very effective plant when well srown in nots and tubs, and of which they have here moro lhau 2000 plants of various sizes. Of courso all this vast col lection cannot bo and is not used for summer deco ration. It is employed for the decoration of the Hotel do Ville, where 10,000 plants arc sometimes required upon a single occasion. I met one of the vans re turning from town with plants. It was fortified with a neat little stove ut one end, flat hot-water pipes passing r-und the interior of the van, and thus, while space wa3 not curtailed, tho van was most efficiently heated, and tender plants could be conveyed by it in safety in tho depth of winter. However, I hope to seo l'Hotel de Villo in full dress ere long. Entering from the Avenue d'Eylau, one of the first things you meet with is n magnificent block of curvilinear span-roofed houses — ten in a mass, divided only by a narrow covered way which you enter, and through, which only you communicate with the houses which it divides — five on each side. These contain a vast amount of interest, and a great number of rare and new plants. One is the largest and most pea-feet pro pagating house I have ever seen, being more than 80 feet long and 21 wide, or there abouts. From this house 80,000 plants are turned out in the courso of a year, and observe that numbers of thoso nro large- leaved Ficuses and plants difficult to strike, rs well as Begonias, bedding plants, aud free-rooting stuff. It contains three central and two side beds, the central pits well elevated, every space in active work, and the whole presenting a most im posing array of largo bell glasses. The propagating seemed most successful. They do not do it as we do. No pans were used ia this house, but very minute pots, a shade larger than a thimble, aud into each a cutting is placed, the little pots placed on the tan, and covered with large circular bell-glasses. The greater part of the houso is occupied with these, all of a size, but there _ aro some special arrangements for propagating ' the mor* difficult subjects, and among these I noticed what appeared to bo an improvement, bell glasses, somewhat of the ordinary typo, with an aperture in the lop about two inches iu diameter, into which a moisture absorbing bit of sponge was squeezed. Nothing could be moro business-like than the arrangements for propagating in this House. Great quantities of Hibicuses aro grown here, treated somewhat like fuchsias — they exist without leaves or any tronble in winter. They are now being started gently in warm houses, and prepared for planting out. The bedding-»utin ani around Paris is something enormous. It is not confined to grand avenues or parks, or great centres, as with us, but is dotted about wherever there is an open space ; every small square has its garden, each distinct in design, I believe ; and a round open ' Place, ' its large circular beds now filled with spring flowers, and by-and-by to be prepared for subtropical plants I presume. But I shall seo all these things in due time. Already I seo a great daal to admire in the way they bring healthy trees into the heart of Paris, and plant them by hundreds of thousands along the Boulevards, go where you will, I have never before seen such pains and successful efforts made to induce trees to make perfect specimens, aud to keep them frco from dangor. Each tree is protected by a neatly mado cage, either of sticks or thin strips of iron. Each is staked when young, and cut so as to induce it to make a straight lead, and thns they have tho Planes with trunks as straight as a gun barrel, and heads with as healthy and vigorons-lookiug growth as you could desire in a fertile quiet glade. Each tree is protected at the root with a wide circular grating, and to supply these alone must have caused vast expense. This grating efficiently preserves the ground round each young tree from being trampled on, and gives full facilities for watering', or any other attention that tho young tree may require. In one high house, devoted to tall palms and other effective-leaved plants I noticed a good specimen of musa superba. They cultivate 10 or 17 species of this genus. In fact the place offers you moro facilities for ascertaining the most valuable members of some important genera than any I am acquainted with. The boilers of Borne of tho smaller propagating and other houses aro heated by gas, and in t --ie- way a very equable temperature is preserved. It may give your readers some idea of the collection when I state that there are in cultivation here between 30 aud 40 kinds of Aralia, 13 of Oreopanax, 36 of Anthurium, 15 of Pothos, 30 of Philodendrcu, nearly 120 of Canna, 18 of Zamia, and 10 of Ficus ! That among such a collection I shall hereafter find much of interest to English gardeners, thero can be no manner of doubt, while of course the summer is the season to judge of the best of those used for out-door recre ation. I cannot conclude this notice without an acknowledgment of the courtesy and assistance I have received from nil French horticulturists I have met, and in this instance the more particularly to M. Barillet and II. Andre. In others, and generally, M. Henri Vilmorin has been extremely kind in rendering mo every assistance in his power towards seeing efficiently the horticultural interest of Paris and its environs. Nor would it be just ts conclude without testifying to the distin guishing ability and enercv manifest in cvervthincr under M. Barillet's control, from tho grounds and gardens in and around the Exposition, to the re motest gardens of the environs. I was surprised at tho sums spent in gardening by La Villo de Piiris, but not when I found how well and judiciously they were disposed, and how excellent is the result pro duced by M. Barillet.— W. R., Feb. 16. An Extraordinary Wound. — 'Lieutenant Gerard Fretz, of the Ceylon Rille Regiment, whilst firing at an elephant in the vicinity of Fort M'Donald, in Ouvah, was wounded in the face by the bursting of his fowling-piece. On raising him, it was found that part of tho breech of the gun and about two menus oi me iiarrci nau ueen iiriven tlirough tne frontal sinus at the junction of the nose and fore head. It had sunk almost perpendicularly, till the iron plate, called the ' tail-pin,' by which the barrel is made fast to the Btock by a screw, had descended through the palate, carrying with it the screw, one extremity of which had forest itself into the right nostril, where it was dis cernible externally, whilst the head end lay in contact with the tongue. To extract tho jagged mass of iron was found hopelessly impracticable, but, strange to tell, after the inflammation subsided, Mr Fretz recovered rapidly ; his general health was unimpaired, and he returned to his regiment with this singular appendage firmly embedded behind the bones of his face. He took his turn of duty as usual, attained the command of his company ; parti cipated in all the enjoyments of the mess-room, and died eight years afterwards, not from any conse quences of this fearful wound, but from fever and inflammation brought on by other causes. The piece of iron, on being romoved after his decease, was found to measure 2^ inches in length, and weighed two scruples more than two ounces and iree ormrtera.'— ' The Wild Elephant, -£-:.,' by S/,i- J. E. Tennent. 