A TERRIBLE FAMILY FEUD. A CORRESPONDENT of the Louisville Journal, at Elizabethtown, Carter county, Tennessee, gives us the particulars of a terrible feud that has been raging for years between two families of that county, and which was brought to an end by the bloody deaths of the sole surviving males of the warring tribes in the streets of Elizabethtown, on the evening of the sth instant. The history of the affair, as detailed by onr correspondent, is as follows :— Many years ago a family named Johnstonef removed from the neighboring county o, Wautauga, North Carolina, into Carter County- East Tennessee, and settled down in the neigh, borhood of another family named Rogers Johnstone, who appeared to be an energetic, industrious man, immediately went to work at clearing up a little farm. He felled trees, grubbed up undergrowth, burned stumps, and split rails to fence in the ground he reclaimed from the wilderness. In this labor he was as sisted by two sons—both were lads. While the three were engaged in erecting fencing about their patch of land, Rogers rode up to where they were at work one day and laid claim to a pile of rails, | about a dozen in number. This claim Johnstone disputed, and finally, on Rogers applying to him the epithets of "liar"and "thief," the North Carolinian pulled him form his horse, and administered to him a severe chastisement with his fists. „ Rogers went of vowing ven geance, and in the course of an hour returned to the spot armed with a rifle, the contents of which he discharged into the body of Johnstone, producing fatal consequences. Rogers, who was a man of some wealth for these primitire times, and was possessed of considerable in fluence among his rough, unlettered neighbors, was acquitted of the charge of murder by an examining justice. This was the beginning of the terrible vendetta that has run through the years that followed, cutting* down the males of the two families in the pride of their strength and manhood. The two Johnstone lads vowed vengeance upon the murderer of their parent, and one of them, James, worked night and day with but one object in view—to accumulate the means to purchase a rifle. At length he became the owner of one, and one Sabbath morning, with his gun upon his shoulder, he approached the house of Rogers. The latte/ was sitting upon his porch, and as he saw young Johnatune ap proaching, probably divining his -intention, arose hastily and started toward the rack where his own gun was suspended. But the avenger I of blood was upon his path, and ere he could reach his weapon he fell upon the floor a corpse, his heart pierced by the bullet of hit foe. Rogers left behind him a young wife and three children, one of whom was a boy. Among the rough backwoodsmen of Carter County young Johnatone'a crime was looked upon with satis faction, if not favor, the Indian law of retalia tion being looked upon by them as the very cream of j ustice. Afterward Johnstone married, and as the years passed by he became sur rounded by an interesting and numerous pro geny. The boy William Rogers in the meantime had almost reached manhood's estate, when one morning without divulging his intention to his mother or sisters, he left the house with his ! father's rifle upon his shoulder, as if he were going out to hunt, and in less than on hour a grief-stricken mother and children were weeping over the corpse of a slain husband and father. Young Rogers in his turn had become an avenger, and Thomas. Johnstone fell beneath his hand. In tim» the memories of these three murders died away, and those who were children then grew up to men and women. William Rogers had taken to himself a wife, and became the head of a growing family. One morning he rode into Elizabethtown, and as he did not re ! turn that night—a circumstance that had never occurred before—his wife became very uneasy, and in the morning induced her brother to start to town in search of her missing husband. About three miles from the house he came upon the body of his brother-in-law lying in the road, stiff and cold in death. His brain had been pierced by a rifle ball. Although his murderer was never discovered, yet the community quietly accepted the belief that Henry Johnstone, a son of Thomas, who was slain by Rogers, was the perpetrator of the deed. Some years after wards, in a drunken moment, in Elizabethtown, this young man acknowledged that he had slain Rogers, and gave as bis reason that the latter hid killed his father. Johnstone was a young man, and only a few months before the murder had been married to a young girl in the neigh borhood. Again the chart of time was unrolled, and at least ten years had been added to the past, when a young lad, a son of the murdered Rogers, en | gaged in an altercation in a yard of the court house at Elizabethtown with Johnstone, who was then a middle-aged man, and inflicted such wounds upon him that he died on the following morning. Thus it went on for years—now a Johnstone falling by the hand of a Rogers, and then a Rogers falling beneath the avenging hand of a Johnßtone—until the war intervened, and for a time at least the terrible feud appeared to have ended. The cessation of hostilities brought the survivors of the waring families back to Carter county. These survivors consisted of Randal Rogers and Robert Johnstone, both battle scarred veterans and both unmarried men. In > the evening these two men met in a grocery at Elizabethtown, and soon became engaged in an altercation. Bystanders interferred, and for an hour or two a collision was averted; they were separated by friends and taken in opposite direesflhs. This occurred about noon. About three o'clock as Rogers was going up the street he saw Johnstone coming down. As they neared they drew their reyolTers, and commenced simultaneously firing upon each other, continu ing to advance as they fired. Finally, and when about four feet distant from Johnstone, Rogers sank to the pavement, and, as he lay, the hut act of his life was to fire the last charge in his pistol into the abdomen of Johnstone, whose last bullet, fired at the same instant, penetrated his antagonist's brain, causing instant death. Johnstone reeled and fell across the body of his foe, and wdfci bystanders rushedHo where they lay he, too, had passed beyond all reach of mortal aid. Almost at the same instant of time their two blood- guilty souk had gone to join the gory ghosts of their ancestors. Thus ended a feud that had existed for many years, and in the course of which 14 meu died violent deaths. 