THE GREAT HAMLET QUESTION. MR. BINDON ON "HAMLET." SINCX th&t; Saturday evening Mr. WALTER MONTGOMERY first played " HAMLET" to an Australian audience, we have had neither peace nor rest. From morn till dewy eve, from Sunday to Saturday, we hare been appealed to to decide whether or not "HAMLET" was mad, and a mass of other cognate questions about which the public are getting, we think, unnecessarily excited. From the first we have kept reserved on all these points. "Give us time," we have said, " to consult our friend Mr. BINDON, and learn what his views are; give us an opportunity to turn the matter over with him, and ventilate it a little, and then ire will give you a dictum as to ' HAMLET'S' madness, its extent and cause." The opportunity has been afforded us. We found our old friend in an excellent mood after the admirable speech he delivered on the subject of Sir CHARLES DARLING'S little bill; he kindly took our proffered hand, and all our little differences—if indeed we ever had any—were forgotten in a moment. We may fairly congratulate our readers, we think, on his return to the fold. We have never felt ourselves quite right since last Champion Day, the day on which the news of his secession from our ranks reached, us. Our losses on the turf had been heavy; but this crowning deprivation, which was communicated to us by letter on our arrival at SCOTT'S Hotel, nearly upset our reasoning faculties for the time, and—for we are but human—we sought consolation in the flowing bowl. Mr. BINDON has kindly put hie ideas in writing :— " Crown Law Offices, Wednesday. " Dear Mr. PUNCH—I am ratter pleased than otherwise to be asked to write on this subject; not because everybody—DICK, TOM, and HARRY—has been trying his hand at it, but because I am engaged in the preparation 6fa work, not to be published till after my demise, on all the subjects that have, come under my especial notice during'-my eventful career. My theme is 'Things in GeneraL' A great many topics I have already treated of in various journal*, as, for instance, those 'Happy Thoughts,' which, you dog, you know you published with the full knowledge* I had never intended them (in my lifetime, at least) for the public gaze. Any little dissertation, then, such as this, goes towards the completion of this volume, which I mean to be my fitting memorial. I had intended to entitle it' Happy Thoughts,' but I am now convinced that that is too trivial—too suggestive of superficiality. Somehow or other the public—and your Melbourne public are a gaping, grinning set of fools—seemed to derive amusement rather than instruction from my Happy Thoughts. The asses! They have not brains, Mr. PUNCH, to see the deep, hidden meaning every paper concealed. My title will be— COMMENTARIES ON HIS OWN TIMES, By S. H. B n, For some time Minister of Justice in Victoria. I have not yet made up my mind to whom it shall be dedicated. Sometimes I think of the CHIEF SECRETARY; sometimes Mr. POHLMAN. The structure of the work I have fully arranged. A chapter will be devoted to each letter of the alphabet. Thus, letter A—Acclimatisation, Alpacas, Aris Deer, Angora Goats, Australasian—the contributions to Administration of Justice, &c.;, &c.; B—The Domestic Bee (here my papers in The Yeoman will come in); Black, Dr., an eminent acclimatiser; Br-stl-s, a singular synonym. C—' Cockchafers;' ' Ooriolanus, Mr. MICHIE'S views concerning.' By the way, I see Mr. MICHIE has put his oar into this discussion about ' HAMLET,' and this brings me back to the subject I am asked to treat on. I have, perhaps, diverged too far, but I will trouble you with no more of this exordium. Chapter YIII., letter H—Hamlet. I will boldly state at once my firm conviction. 'HAMLET' was mad. Mad as a hatter. Here a novel field of inquiry, which might be treated of in the same chapter, suggests itself—' Hatters: the extent and cause of their madness.' I am sure my hatter is mad—a perfect lunatic. He grins from ear to ear whenever I enter his shop to have my hat (which still wears well) done up. But I am digressing again. ' HAMLET,' I say, was mad. My time is too valuable, and I have too proper a regard for money, to be a theatre-goer, but I did look in the other night, just for ten minutes, at the Royal, at the back of the pit, and saw Mr. WALTER MONTGOMERY go through the ghost scene. How any man in his seven senses can be frightened out of his wits and impelled to do idiotic acts by a knock- kneed apparition with a very earthly and uneven gait, passes my comprehension. It may be said my comprehension is small. Well, granted. I am only giving you my views as to ' HAMLET,' and your readers can take them for what they are worth. My conviction is 'HAMLET' was mad, and moreover a fool. ' HORATIO' was made of better stuff. He had evidently given his mind to the study of nature, and perchance the subject'of acclimatisation, in his day. In Act V. he refers to the habits of the lapwing (Scene ii.). ' LAERTES,' too, I have a high opinion of. In the same scene he mentions the woodcock. He uses very strong language, however, in Scene 6 of the previous act, and this I cannot countenance. IiAEETEH— * * * I'll not be juggled with. To hell allegiance, vows to the blackest devil, Conscience and grace to the profoundest pit. I dare damnation. To this point I stand: That both the worlds I give to negligence, Let come what comes—only I'll be revenged. Apropos of violent expressions, and the madness of hatters, I think under'this same Chapter YIII. I shall have—I very much fear it—another cracked subject to treat of. I won't .indicate the party, however here, further than to say his name begins with H and ends w^th in. , „ , .. , . T "I have always had a theory about 'HAMLET' which, so far as I know, is perfectly original. ,,. , „ .. " The murderer of the king was not his brother, although correctly described by the younger 'HAMLET' as his uncle— Oh, my prophetic soull my uncle J In those days, as now, I find from the investigation of ancient chronicles, pawnbrokers were known by the half-derisive, halfaffectionate appellative of ' uncle.' The principles and practice ot limited liability were then undeveloped—indeed, unknown—and banking institutions were not. There is a close analogy between the business of a pawnbroker and a banker, which is observable even at the present date. In 'HAMLET'S' time financial accommodation could only be got through this class. We have sufficient evidence in the play to show us 'HAMLET' had been a fast man m his early youth. To use the familiar language he himself employs in the ejaculatory line we have just quoted, he had overrun the constable.' The fact that his mother was anxious he should precipitately leave Denmark gives colour to this suposition: England was then to the royal state of Denmark hat Callao is to us. I need not pause to urge on yo™ * We protest against our !riend'« insinuation. readers that it is no uncommon characteristic of embarrassed personages, suddenly, and without any formal leave-taking, to disappear from their home and country. This theory, you will see, gives a rational explanation for * HAMLET'S* madness. Imagine a man with an overdrawn account and a number of his notes of hand considerably overdue, after supposing he had made matters all square and pleasant by getting his banker to fall in love with his mother, suddenly meeting the ghost of his deceased parent, who tells him a cock-and- bull story about this banker having murdered him as he was snoozing in the open air (a most incautious and reprehensible practice), after taking too much Hokitika-like port at dinner. Imagine this ghost further compelling this weak- minded young man to pledge himself to harass and worry his step-father and principal creditor out of his life, and you will not be surprised that before the sun rose upon the gilded spires of Cronberg Castle and the glittering Sound of Elsinore, the reason of ' HAMLET ' was clouded and dim; the luminary of his mind had for ever sunk in insensate and impecunious despair. (What do you think of that for a peroration ? This is my tallest style.) " I append list* of works I have read and authors I have consulted in making up my mind on this point. I will probably address you again soon on some Shaksperian or other topic, on the same terms.—Tours ever, " S— H— B N." 