CDPID CRUCIFIED. In those fields of air By Maro's Muse imagined, wander still Mad lovers, in the dark of myrtle boughs ; Fair women hold their orgies, telkng all Their love, and how they died, in some great wold. ?Of glimmering fight, where not the river-reed Bustles its hair, but falling poppies sleep; where by tne oanas oi eu-euow wituuuj, a nmu, 4}f lakes without a motion, droop sad flowers. Bearing the names of those who once were kings, Beneath the clouds of twilight; Hyacinth, Ajax with written wailing, purple-robed Aden, and Crocus with his golden hair, Whose tears awake that woe which will not die In wistful women, who 6tlU feed their thoughts With 6wcet remembrance of a troublous dream, In pining ghosts who tbeir lost lives recall. There Semelc still plays with idle fire, There Procrls dries her hurt, end fondles still The red right hand -which gave It ; Hero bears A smoky lamp, like that on Sestes' tower, Arq 6appho ever i6 in act to leap From storm-clad Leucas. Tbere Harmonia'e gift. Sad Kriphylc,— in her husband 6ad, Sad in her son,— too late refuses now, Deserted Ariadae shows her clew, Phaedra despairing her rejected scroll, Rich evidence of unsuccessful love : Theac hold in bloodless hands the empty shades, One of a rope, the other of a crown. And Luna wanders there as long ago She wandered with her starry diadem, To watch Endymioa's slumber. These their lores Recall, with sad sweet sighing. In their midst Comes sudden Cupid, though grey mists obscure His girdle golden-studded, and his torch ; They know him all, and fight with such vain force As shadows can, against their common foe. Be, veiled in that thick night, alone and strange. Would fain escape that cloud of hands, which hales Bim to its centre. On a myrtle stem, Guilty without a crime and uncendetnncd, These women bind him ; fright bis trembling fear With foaming air and seas without a wave, tr With shows of flame, and darts, of ragged cliffr, Of many a rope, and sword, but shadows all. Here Myrrba throws her jewellery of tears la amber, there in sport they prick the akin Of bim, whose blood bears roses. Venus oomes, Kot to defend her son, but to inflame The hesitating Furies; thinking still Of ber lama husband's chain, herself, and liars. Thinking of this, she whip! her wailing child With roses, which being sprinkled with his blood Grow yet more rosy red, till his bead falls Like a fuiDt lily falls in the hot noon. Then with uplifted arms all cry ' Forbear ! Love it was not, but Fate, which wrought us woe.' Such visions of the night gave restless sleep To him till darkness died, and Love re-sought Bis native heaven through the ivory bars. ? ? J. 