LECTURE. BY FATHER WOOLFREY. On last Monday evening tbe Sth inst., an able lecture, on Education practiqally considered, was delivered by the Rev. H. N. Woolfrey, O.O.,-in the Roman Catholic School Room, Paddington. The room was well filled 'by an appreciative audience and the chair was occupied by the Rev\ P. ' Newman : there were also present on the platform Rev. W. Crone and other gentlemen. The Rev. P. Newman, in introducing the Rev. lecturer said :- - Ladies and gentlemen, the question which, will be brought under the notice of the audience this evening is one of vital importance, and the very name, merely, of the Rev. lecturer is quite a sufficient guarantee that it will be handled as it! deserves. . ... I need not remind you that some months ago when the ' Public Schools Act' was first intro duced into Parliament, I gave very plainly my opinion upon it, and I do think now, that tbe1. administration of that Bill made law, proves iny opinion to have been correct. I told you- tlittfc ! under the 'Public Schools Bill' the Colonial Secretary would be made a ' Czar,' and I think the administration of the Bill very fairly proves it: It seems to me, at least, that the Colonial Secretary, is now a 'Czar' in everything con nected with education. The correspondence 'on the ' Roman . Catholic Orphan . School'1 at Parra matta, which appeared in this morning -papers, appears also to corroborate my views. 1 am sorry that I cannot view it as either very states manlike or gentlemanly— -and I hope an oppor tunity will soon be afforded to test its accuracy. I question the truth of the statements made in or' out of Parliament regarding the Catholic Orphan School — 1 question the statements contained in the official correpondence. I question the accuracy of Mr. Inspector Johnson's report, and I challenge a public inves tigation into the whole working and management of the Orphan School. 1 believe the result of a fair and impartial inquiry will show that I am right. And if I am correct what must we think of the statements and reports on the school? Would they be specially designed for any special purpose ? Time will tell ! I believe the Govern ment are very anxious to have their code of school regulations become law— on the grounds' of course of their imperative necessity. I do mosii earnestly hope that there will be imme diately a thorough investigation into the affairs of th'e Roman Catholic Orphan School, for I be lieve; the reports and statements regarding it are unfounded and will turn out to be but a carica ture !on Catholicity calculated to injure us very raucli in the eyes of our fellow-colonists if al lowed to pass unnoticed. But I hope they will be noticed very soon, perhaps before ten days. The Rev. Father Woolfrey who was re ceived, enthusiastically, after the applause had subsided, spoke as follows :— It is not my mmwiifMf ? —..—. — i — j.,, M, ? hi,i,i,,,,,h— — ??— »it»— ' custom to give formal :lectures, I would rather speak my sentiments as they occur to1 ine. In this lecture. I do not1 desire to go into the matter so much as the marrow and essence of what education is, and should be ; and, as what 1 may say to-night will have reference to those who take upon themselves the function of prescribing the mode, as. well' as to teachers and parents, I: hope-, my observations may not only be well pondered, but sink deeply into their minds. 1 will ask, in the first place: Why does man exist ; what is his last end? These are questions than .which none can be proposed more import ant to a rational being. His last end is what alone ought to impart spirit and tendency to every act of his free will ; and his intrinsic worth, as well as his happiness, depend on his attaining it. Does he reach in safety the goal of his existence— all is won ? Does he miss it- all is lost for him, and lost for ever; In the first place God himself is the last end of all creation. He. alone is the absolute being— the Alpha and the Omega--the beginning and the end of all things. Intelligent creatures have to give them selves up to Him, by an act of their own free will ; have to unite themselves to Him in love ; and in this union are to find haoDiness. Se condly—Man's life on earth is a period of trial and preparation for eternity. On this earth he has no permanent dwelling place, but is a stran ger and pilgrim who has yet to reach his home. He sows his seed here, but yonder shall he reap his harvest. (Cheers.) What, then, does it avail him if he gain the whole world, but at the same time, .lose his immortal soul ? Thirdly — Man's last end is a perfect and an eternal union with God, and his business on earth is to ap proach nearer and nearer to God by a constant obedience to his will. 'Fear God, and keep his commandments' — this is all man. Man has been created for the glory and enjoyment of God ; consequently, no one has a right to treat his fellow man as a mere thing, or to make use , of him as a mere meaus. Although, thus far, sovereignly independent, he is not, on this account, intended to exist as a. solitary being. In the design of the Creator, the human race forms one great whole, of which each individual is an integral part. All men belong to one family, of which God is the common father ; and all ought to be members of one body, of -which Jesus Christ is the head. Hence it folltnvs, they ought to push forward -to their exalted end — not separately, and each individual labouring exclusively for himself— but, on the contrary, in a body, and as brothers, the weak aided by the strong, and the strong acquiring merit, and thus gaining strength by assisting the weak ; for, as members of one living body, they should be animated by one spirit,' the spirit -of ; holy lovei (Applause.) If the human race is to constitute an organic whole, tliere must exist a ^variety 'of ? states' of life ac cording to the respective ; occupations of certain classes of individuals; and it is the duty of each to co-operate'mdYe'particularly towards the welfare of the .whole/in 'that- state in which Pro vidence has placed: him. :lt is of no conse quence what -position a man fills if he is only where the Father . of ^the great family wishes him to be, ancVif-he there turns to good account ithe talents, with, which he has been entrusted. If,: then, meir are all children of one father— if 'God himself is their last end— if perfect and eternal union with Him be theirlt ultimate des tiriyj surely1 : the great commandment for. them is,s ' Thou 'sh'alt' love, the .Lord', the God with thy .whole -heart,', with .thy whole soul, with thy whole strength',^ and, with]', thy ; whole , mind.' Were this ' ' eominandment ! \ fully observed by allj earth 'might' ?; rejoice' .':i^f possessing the .' . beau : ide'al'-of ^ humanity; ' (Much applause.) Befo're .an.', ^.artist.^j'fio.hinieiice? a subject he forms, to '. himself ',','in.V his own mind a rep'resentation tbfVtlib!;!piece'he intends to pro duce. 'He' th'e'u ! examines'1 the materials upon which he has' tb\ work.' ' 'A 'teacher, or educator, should proceed in like, manner. ,','He should, .first of allj-return'to'niad'as yet innocent in Paradise, , and 'forhnin his'iiiirid^a clear.i idea of human : nature, in! 'its ' perfect s.tate! , '; -? After this he, should examine it. asJ itJisMa!ctuaiiyJfo'iind in ttie worl-,L , What a master-piece, then, .of rthe.ieternal wisdom . and love (loss uOt.th'e^iHea.'.pf^man-'in^his perfect ? state' ':presen't'_'yt'6;; the;';.beiaQi4eVjri 'Created after . God's, own 'imrtge and likeness,', man ;uuites, in his beiiig'two xyorhVs^ aud , lje^jsJSy jgiye^proof .to the .th'iulung';mind''th'^ in and through; hiuiselfto' cbiYd'ucfcyi}^ ;God— its'tirs^ ? it is trive; ' is'fbf riiecTof ' no nobler' material rthanl dust ; but. how beautiful an, . .organisation !, ;What, svn}metr^:in .itslmeYnjj^ at.theyame^'time wha't'strengtbT^iuUts.muscles;!;: How 5 great fitness i'qr.^it^.yArie'd'jiiiiove.ai.eaiiSfJj What dignity' in ^his*'' up- igh:i'r|c'ai'ri'age— in |hjst countenance raised to HeaveiiT Wliat depth and richness : of expession 'in his, animated r eye ! (Cheeis.) TheXireaWr' ?breathed jiii^b 't'ufe-fdrm o£ dust, aii intellectual soul.-7 ''-This' soul is not pknly. capable'of ? !cotite'm'plarting 'the ' p.Hehomena 'bi'the^ rnaterial.iworlil;-'''but'; it can/; aisp-'! raise'' itself, .to ;tue- ulea' bfrthe true;1 the good,1 'anH^the'-'beauti^ ;' ful. j .-(Renewed ? iapplause.') iA Yesy°iii: this,ujiis; own! interior,, man perceives rGod Himsfelf,' and; not only! there; ' :bufc '? over the7 \y]V61e''icreatiiJi^ ' Ins' eye discovers: traces^of thel deity ,':f'and 'when^hiy, soul Ilistens, '? the'shafmomes !o'£:-'a ''iini 'v'ersq-^vyliicli' ;God fules-^s'triko without ceasing, ; 'and' witliont', cea3ing charm his mental ear. Be«ariiig;;ai^he;'(ipes,' ??'' withiu;himself God's -image',!ii;'i3:h'is ditty !io '6i\l:'. tivat(e: the. Divine' lilVeliisss^- by ''d'a'ily. aiKl^bu'rly; endeavouring to .becomehi'oreand more'lilcWunto' God.i M.iButi ;f6r'i this -he ''require'3!1supernatura'r graco— f or \ -that ?'.-'which * -is1 fJhvuuianr; .ca'n l!'neveip! elevate. itself to.that wliich'is DiViuei!(U(phleers;;);' ?.Before . man.yia u Unite' being/ &i;\i^!rais9 'hihiself ' .above .- nature,' i'graod J must;'iirstI.ll!ower itself ,i'iv .mercy to:;him.i i' 'Thus',0 tlie'! fu'st/many/!wlinei,ye.t innocent,-; stffocb in' teed'no't^'ohl^^jf insti%;ctib'n impaHed. to. hitii 'exteriiSiiiy «b'yv;Gb!fl,cl but also' ot inwakl light, strength, and s'atisfac.t:.on. , After his xalLthesc, andu greater 'helps'/ W'er^n'ijcesisary ior.h.im.» ..IniordGr-t'd-raise'-hitij'theii -fco 'whafhe ought to be, the Son of God had himself to become man, and now united closely to this God-man, ' and walking onwards in the light o£, faith, nian redeemed, and. justified, becomes himself a victim of love in all things, and rising. from one Thabor to another is, at last, able to say with St. Paul, , ' I live now ; no, not I, but Christ liveth in me and I in Him. ' The Christian ; needs none of Plato's fictions. He beholdstheper- v sonified 'beau ideal' of humanity in Jesus Christ the God-man. Beautifully, thoughin less brilliant' ' radiance, do the virtues of the God-man shine . forth in the lives of the Saints, whom Chris- ? tianity proposes for the imitation and veneration- - of- their descendants in the faith. It is truly an.^ ennobling spectacle for poor mortal beings, no matter what their condition of life, to see that:, others, once as feeble as themselves, and circum- - stanced as they are, but raised and strengthened - by Divine Grace, have, with a lively faith and,.r : with filial confidence and love, sacrificed them- . selves without reserve to God— man's first and. .'.- eternal love. (Cheers.) Bub, alas ! Adam ? sinned, and by his sin lost the justice and.'holi ness with which God had adorned him. Deter. . riorated both in soul and body he had to. listen ? to the sentence of death pronounced against him r- .; 'Thou art dust and unto dust thou shalt return.' His sin, as its woeful consequences,.: : have passed down to his descendants thiough.' ? t-ie channel of their origin from him. Accords..' ing, all men are children of wrath subject to- ft luch distress, many sorrows, and, finally,,./: death. They are still possessed, it is true,; '; of noble faculties ; but the harmony which - originally reigned among them, is now - no more. The flesh lusts against the spirit andi' - the spirit against the flesh. There, is indeed, ???; even now, something within man, the aim of ? which is to raise him towards heaven, but op-r'; ? posed to this are his senses which drag him vio— - ? lently downwards. And thus it happens, that; . approving of virtue, he nevertheless delivers: i himself up a captive to vice. . Man left to him-. self is a plant which soon withers and fades-. :?: unless warmed by the sunbeams' and refreshed: by tbe dews of heaven. (Much applause.). ??? Man's separation from God has caused anarchy - i and disorder; even inanimate nature rebels against man ; or if she acknowledges herself sub- -a\ servient to his degenerate race, it is with a frown ?-. of contempt and auger that she does so, her ?-;. ?:- gifts' now are only thistles and thorns; the-: - nobler productions must be wrung from her ,.r ;'- grasp by dint of hard and persevering labour, 'i.a However well a child might be disposed naturally :- its lot is truly deplorable if' it receives not the: ''f assistance of , a strict moral religions training,:'!!? and is left a prey to its own inclinations. If it «? f is, the bad quality pf the fruit .will but too soon. . ! betray the corruption of the tree. We have' -i-i' now seen what man's. : last ? end is, and in what; -'J ?' state he is .at present. . The natural course of 'the-; ' subject demands now the inquiry in what is meant'' '? by man's education. To, educate man is to lead ? ?'?? -l- him forward, and to riiise him to that which he ? '? ought to be. Now we have seen above that ^ i ? man's last end is to become united to God, who* '? i-s truth and charity in this. world, and the source-; j -- of life and bliss in the next. The powers ofc the^nq '? child, then,' should. be judiciously awakened and/f^J' ^ trained in accordance with this high destiny ; uL and the germs of vice, these sad.fruit's of our fall;-; *' be; kept down and gradually destroyed. On tliis :;si account, every external influence which; tends'or'i.f either to rouse, the yet latent faculties, or- if ?'?'.:?,? awakened to guide them judiciously, or. ifdn'a '-hio wrong direction \ to _, lead them- back to the1 right', wi;; path may be termed, educational in the: wider : ~&i; acceptation; of the word ;..ia a more strict aceep- tuli tation of the word, we mean by education, ithat-n1;) inilueuce which is intentionally brought to act If' ?- upon the human being not yet come to maturity'': JJji with a view to his formation, .development, and^l *? improvement. Consequently education does not -oys ^ - consist in the creatifin of new facilities, but only '?'--:{??.- in the arousing and-, training of. those whiGlt 1.1-' nature has given. (Hear, hear.) As fallen o'^j man's who! e; being. .is icorrupted, and subject to- ^'j'i ;thelaw.of sin, .education, the end of which is to.'^'-i. ? raise hi'ih. to. what he originally was, and what [' ': ? '' -i he ought;' ever tohaye remained, should exercise-1'^ ?''? also a healing. influence. To the teacher or edu--- ?'?'*' cator mighti.be addressed the woids of Jeremiah' i' ^- ; — ' So I.haye.setithee to root up and pulldown,1- 's ? ! . and. to , build .and to plant.' Again, education- --'^ (does '.not'! consist merely iu guarding youth1 -J''* ;against.,,' failing,.- and however essential this - x *'? ?part '.miglit be, ? it forms but one branch- ;-1;' ?o£, jecliicatiqn. , s.Yputh must not only . he -)[[?'? .guard'edV;, 'against ,, failings, but they' must-1-!''-' (be. I inodeled.-accprdingj to o the standard of- '??1) .perfect liunianity. ;;In ,ti, word, education doe8'';j;» '[110% ?cphsisij.'ia . the i'imparting information. on^.this' ^:& jpr-jthati;.particuia(ir subject ; or in training'^ youth .'i'JO:' ;to,,-the ? obseyy anoe. of certain rules or -f ornis; in the ?? '?*?''?-] '[externat' man,. but: its most important cliiiy^is'-oy'' i to, .deyeibp,, and, improve the mental' faculties,; 'SO'''1^-' thau the, young soul may, at last, stand 'ei'^cfeinc'''.'''' manly jStrength and. dignity, able to 'pro3B:cu'fe! ;-.VJ'fI[ its d.vv'n,! ojultivatipiir1- a workithat .should last 'as -:.7/,'' .long; a^life,'|(The 'teacher must, therefore, 'en-'i;j'^ -:lea\cour,j.!iby(,',every ineans, .to rescue the 'rising; t-:(!i;{ fnianl f i\6in ,'tlie.. perdition, . entailed i upon him 'by' '?} ??? 'L !^dam^ ,f all, 'and ,tp render- him .capable of at-; ;: '^ ^aim'ug , topis' true.:end:iii, this, vvorld and in'the' ' Y'-1 ^nextl *r;As'' a., citizen' pf this worlds ? he- must be- ?'? ? i -'; tfitte^ifor...the:'sphere of ^action ^in which Prbvi-i: '?=' f&eiWe; intends [nhr tp]mbye; and as a candidate'' iSj0, ! for' tlieJ.^ingtVom pf:. Heaven with his hopes iti ?' y.l[\ feteruity^'.he^hasitp.prpduce fruits -which willlakt' ''. nT ^f,orJ ever.' -Gtotl .himself has placed us onearth*. !!;,(1 ;'in-a prppar^Pry schopl and a place of probation . j ri l-i) v and it is, His.',\yill ^tliut; while we are ^here,' w& ? ';l'^ ''slifalli all.;iii .puri respective .callings, contribute- jr;:Cl.| ?iqup, best ,excr,j|;[onsjt.oy.!ai'ds-. the welfare of: the '? '!^ , .whole.',; For this purpose 'he has bestowed cer--15''1.^ 'tain itaieuts ;,iipou,,ius,:,.ofM the employment of ?ri'! .which .'He! wUi pne day-demand a strict' account.. !';:'; 'If -we wish thun; tQiatcaiuiio our last end, which i ; :';°* rpachies from, time, inti/ieteriiity, . we must, tothe. '? '' i-J /best | of our. po^ver^ finish ihe're on earth the r'I:? task allotted, to- iis-it^'; What' things a m an shall '?' ' !sow, -thosoals©. shall, iio.-j-eiip.' - That portisn of ' education ^yhicl:l has' eart^ -in yiew,. to-be sound -?-?-''' Jorwortliy of the name, must beindissolubly united to that which aims at heaven. They both, ne cessarily, form tke Christian, before whose atop*. I across the varioos paths of life ' All iniquity * must stop its mouth.' Hence, if education is really intended to attain it* one great and true .-.'?? object— if it is intended to furnish the rising ? ; .. generations as they succeed one another on earth with the means and assistance requisite f«r securing to them their eternal happiness— it must necessarily be Christian. (Cheers. ) It must be thoroughly imbued with the spirit of Christianity breathing forth the life and soul of Christ's religion in the young beings entrusted to .- it ; and not merely mentioning it to them as one among other institutions worthy of notice. Un less the teacher conducts his little* ones to Christ, he will necessarily lead them astray. (Applause.) Nay, if the spirit of education is banished from education, education will not so much as promote man's temporal welfare. With out religion there is not such a thing as true love for one's self, or of one's neighbour ; not such a thing as a firm and enduring attachment to king or country ; nor such a thing as a sincere union of- heart and hand for the advancement of the common weal. As Christianity alone unites man to God, so it alone unites man to man. The profanation of education ; the banishment and neglect of religion ; the foolish attempt to raise and ennoble fallen man, by the sole instrumen tality of his fellow man, is the greatest bane of modern times. Men may, indeed be sent forth into the world with fine esthetic feelings, and with a fund of the most varied information ; but they belong frequently to the class which St. Paul describes as filled with all iniquity, malice, fornication, covetousness, wickedness, full of envy, deceit, malignity, detractors, hateful to God contumelious, proud, disobedient to parents, with ent affection, without fidelity, &c.; A modern au thor seems to have forestalled those who con demn the unchristian education with which we are threatened. He says — 'In our schools, paganism predominates. Christianity has been intentionally banished, or allowed to disappear through indifference or neglect ; or else where it is still retained, it is treated as a, subject of ?econdary importance. The atmosphere of the school is wholly that of the world.' To educate v is now to make youth proficient in the arts, and to fit them for money making. This is what is called making good citizens. As if a man could Ibe a, good citizen without being at the same time a good Christian ; and as if Christianity were not the true basis and the bulwark of Christian states and their constitution. Properly speak ing, the Holy Ghost, the spirit of divine love, is ?nly qualified to educate ; the same Spirit who moved over the waters in the beginning, and ,who still, wherever he finds suitable instru ments 'worketh all in all, dividing to every ?ne according as he will.' The Rector of the University of Paris, some years since, giving instructions to teachers, will give us a good idea of what he considered education to be. ' What then, is a Christian teacher ? He is a man to whom Jesus Christ has intrusted a number of Ids children for whom He has shed His blood and sacrificed His life, in whom He dwells as in His temple ; whom He loves as members of His body ; as His brethren and co-heirs whom it is His wish to exalt to the dignity of kings and priests ; to reign and serve God with Him, and through Him during the whole course of eternity. And for what purpose has He entrusted ' ? them to this teacher ? Is it merely that they may become peers, orators, philoso phers, or men of science ? Who would renture to advance such an opinion, or even to entertain such a thought 1 He has intrusted them to him in order that he may preserve in their hearts their baptismal innocence, and make them really good Christians. There lies the ;?# great object and the last end of the education of children. Aught else ranks only as a means of attaining it.' Thus did men write on education a hundred years ago, and as the sentiments are Catholic we cannot change them. We eherish the same sentiment. We are one and all for education. That which, makes man, properly speaking, is education. This pro position is founded in the nature of the thing ..itself. It is proved by experience to be true 'both with regard to-nations and individuals. If a child be not educated, if his faculties be not developed, they remain inactive and become deteriorated ; or if it be subject to a system of education of which the principles are false, it becomes mentally crippled and deformed, and the evil is incurable. What, in fact, can become a wretched creature if from its earliest years it he estranged from its God and its Redeemer, and be cast helpless and blindfolded amidst the wild and baseless dreams of a mere worldly existence, just as if it had no higher destiny than earth ? Then if the present generation be led astray, what will become of that which will succeed it? We shall have according to the prophet, ' Young men who have seen (the worldly) light and have dwelt upon the earth, but the way of knowledge they have not known, nor liave they understood the paths thereof, nor have their children received it. It is far from their faces.' Such, my friends, is the idea I am obliged to form of the present system of educa tion, which of late has caused such an alarm in every right thinking parent's mind — a system which I still hope will meet with the reprobated by the Christian nations of the world (Much applause.) We do not reject learning. We wish, as Christianity has always wished, to open cut to every child every source of light and learn ing ; but we wish, light and grace to walk hand in hand. The knowledge imparted by man in unison with the knowledge given us by Jesus Christ- —we wish that the fear of God should be the soul of our education. 'The fear of the Lord is the beginning of wisdom.' Better is a little with the fear of the Lord than gieat treasures without content.' ' The fear of the Lord is the glory of the rich, of the honourable, and of. the poor.' This, then, it is which really forms the essential point that constitutes the triumph of education. The fear of God in spires mortal man with respect for his mortal body as for the temple of the Holy Ghost. It causes him to lend an attentive ear to the words of revealed truth, and enriches his mind with a continual flow of truly useful knowledge ; it makes his breast swell with the finest and most noble emotions of his heart ; it ren ders him moderate in prosperity, and in ad versity unshaken. And while it joins all the powers of his being in one beauteous unity, in one harmonious whole, it moulds him into a per fect citizen for his country — for this earth and 'ultimately for heaven. (Cheers) Well may an expression of regi'et be excused, that in modern times, when so much is said, written, and^done concerning education, so little attention may hereafter be turned to it, before the sad conse quences of its neglect be experienced. J Educa tion — if I might use the expression — without re ligion, without the fear of God, is vain; and such has been ever the conviction of the wisest and the best men. To give only one example, viz., that of Tobias, ' from his infancy he taught him (his son) to fear God and to' abstain from all sin,' and when his last hour was approaching, he gave a father's best legacy — ' Hear, my son, the words of my mouth, and lay them as a founda tion on thy heart. All the days of thy life, have God in thy mind, and take heed thou never con sent to sin, nor transgress the commandments of the Lord our God.' The reverend lecturer then applied his observations to present legis lation. It would be a base thing, he said, if the Catholics were refused to be taught in schools the religion in which they are brought up, and according to the dictates of their own wishes. There were no Catholic parents, nor indeed Church of Eng land parents that could consent, if they respec tively believe they were on the right way to Heaven, that could sanction their children to be taught in a school, the teachers of which profes sed another religion ; nor did he think that any parent, of whatever creed, who had any regard for himself and his offspring hereafter, could suffer his child to be brought up without being taught the principles of religion. No doubt, he said, they expected a good deal fromhim about the clauses of the bill, but he had purposely confined himself to the spirit of the bill. After enforcing the propositon, that Christianity should be the essential of any worthy system of education, as distinct from the merely mental training of child ren on the principle of training horses and mules — fer these animals could be highly trained— the reverend gentleman concluded a moat eloquent and instructive lecture by trusting that what he conceived to be desirable for Catholics might also be extended to others,* oh whose success he wished as great a blessing. (Much cheering.) Mr. W. C. Curtis, in moving a vote of thanks, intimated that a committee had been already organised, and that ere long a monster public meeting would be held at which the clauses of the Public Schools Bill would be fairly reviewed and criticised. M. J. Macauley seconded, and the vote was accorded by acclamation. The Rev. Father Wooltrey acknowledged the compliment and the audience dispersed.-— Empire. 