TI1IE -MAlKET QUESTION- IN PRAIIRAN. Do'theb inhabitants of Prairan wish for a mutket? Do they believe tlint one esta lished in their midst wadild benefit both them ndil thle orough ? If so, it is time they were bestirring themselves in the mtter. Once uipon a time they declared in puiblic meeting that such was their desire; and they asked thle council to tkle the neces sury steps to carry oti their wishes. What was the result? Why, tlhat thouglt this occurredl sonme two years ago, they haven't got their ma!rket yet. The council received tie petition fivourably, referred the matter to a committee; and then everylbody went to sleep over it. From this comfortible but inglorious snooze they were awakened by tile noise mindety thle successlhil ef;rts oft' Eme rlid Hill aunt St. Kilda to establish markets. VWe, ton, joined in the clamour, calling on them to slaike off their drowsiness and be up and doing. For wliiih we have got the usual blessings bietowedl on those who urge people to do somnething they don't feel inclined to. ]Bu that we don't mind. If we have nothing worse tlian that to disturb our equammity we slhll jog tlhrough tihe world very comfortably. We don't mean to desist. We halve got it into our heads that a market is a necessity-that a market is wished for and that a market would be successful; :and we don't mean to let the sulkjeot rest so long as thero is the ghost of a chunce of uclhieving aur purpose. Buit we may be asked why we ara writing tius ? Is not thie question now in a fair way of settlemert ? Did not tihe council at its lnst meeting appoitt a coni mittee to inyestigat the subnject? T'o all such queries we answer Yes. And yet we nte not satisfied. A fortnighlt nearly has ehlapsed since that dlecision vwas conme to, antd we want to knovw what huas been dlone in fuhrthlerance of the olbjiect-what progress ha?s beoen malde ? Ias the very soeisible plan ol sending a deputation to the malrkot-gardehers to seek their co-operation been resorted to ?P If it lis, it lhas been done so quietly that not even a whisper' about it has tot abluroad. And if not, we want to know why uiot? 'i'iswnls one of the first, if ubt the very first, steps tnken by both Emerald Hill antd St. IKilsl; and it is so obviously sensible a one that we cannot for the life of us imagine why it was not foliowed by the 9rahlan markwl conuittceens soon as it was. empowered to act. 'T'he putting of an advertiseoment in thle " Argul " asking any one vwho felt interestedt in the matter to communicete pecrsohally with the coummittee -n4. about as clhoice a specine of how not to do it as we hake ever seen, and ended, as might have b en expected, in fa mlure. We are net naterally of a suspicious tempeora ment, yet we cannot help, feeling. that tilhe whoule project is nm dannger. We donot think it will meet with olpen hostility, but to us there urppear to I'signs that the matter will be quietly shelved if the burgesses do not bestir tlhemselves. We hopi we may be mistatken in this opinion. None would Cbe more delighted than orlselves to see the conucil acting ithitlfidlly and energetically in accordance with the wishes of the burgesses and their own resolution. If, !however, they do not speedily miake some sign of activity, we shall ho compelled to urge tile pressure of public opinion upon themc in no unminstakable iannnerl T'lh St. Killa council would perihaps not hila don' lhat they have llht for out side pressure. Is the Prliran council wait ing for a simil;ar spur to action ? D) tihey wish to see a vigilance colaiiittec establis)hed to make them canrry out tLiir own resolution ? We shotuld uh extriemely sorry to think so, but really ippiieari:na s hIve a suspicious look of that i kiml just at present. All we ask of themn, ill the nIamo of the burgesses, is, that they honestly carry out the expressed desire fur a inakurk. iSt it fairly ablot, give it a goodt chance, work at it as though they wished an.i nmeant it to succeed, andl then they will have done their duty andl arned our best thanks. Less than this will exiiose thlen to grave censure. Success or non success is not their business. If the rate payers Albuoso to risk a certain expenditur. for ta siiupiost good, no unnucessary obstacule shoult lie placed in their way. At the same time, we inny tell thei that the Emerald Hill tulthorities art fully satisfied with their exle"rimient, havine received for the first welllek iII whichi tolls werle leviedll tile sulm of £8 17s1 fir rent, end this withbut its being compulsory for producers to use the shedo, the charge for which is one-half higher than in thie open sir. If, elter a fiair andt honest trial, it should be found that tllelre is not sufficient inducement for producers to visit us, the thifng can be given up, and the loss will not ssnl the borough befolbre Comt.uissioner Nuel ; while those wvlu nnv ibelieve in success will then bie convinced of their mistake by thie most satisinctory Ut a!l p,1ools, and will hllve lo bear is best they imay the ' chaff" of tlhose whso r.o?v predict thilhre. 