SHE PRESENT— BY AN IMAGINED "WRITES OF THEf FUTURE. To the pditor pf the Tooicoomba Chronicle. Djsar Mr. Editor— But very, vory re pcntly, as in the words of another, " I walked Jjy myself, I talked to myself, and myself re plied to mo." It occurred to me to offer through tho medium of the Chronicle's polqtnns, a humble suggestion bearing upon fbe public weal or aujuscmont, which may, or pay not, bo appreciated by your readers, uc- lording to the dictates of taste or fuuey. To great time $inco, another insaqc correspondent, through a different source, proposed in com memoration of an ovent glorious in the annuls pf Toowoomlm, a ' Fancy Ball." Now, Mr. Editor, the Election is over, and with it all its party rivalry, the tomahawk is buried, uud the political pipe of peace f.'pro. tcin.' at any rate,) is smoked, the busy hum of busy men greets agaiu the car, the hustings once more aro still and silent, and the sons of Adam hare resumed their \youtc<l occupations. But the pld adago about all work and no play, &c.;, still holds good, and the labourer needs, at least, some recreation — in plainer words wo shall soon want another holiday. And where fore and why not? ' 111014 ami.' Id lieu of a fancy ball, invite tho powers that be to a grand i passage d' urines' — a kind of tournay ' a la Elizabclhian.' This idea may seom worthy of "Woogaroo, but is not practice practical 7 Wo Jjave among us uiuscle, their, and sinew enough surely, to say nothing of blood and breed in our horses; ucithor do we lack strange workers in metals — skilful tinsmiths, farriers, black smiths, and tho like. IIow well, too, it would sound in a timo to ootnc, many, many years hence, (should such $ period bring forth for his fellow-men's amusement another 0. P. 11. James) — -"Historical Romance: A Talo of Toowoouiha in tho Olden Timo. 2 vols. pcLivo. With copious notes, Macnab, Black, Sons, nnd Co. With whut thrilling interest would our yet unborn descendants read of us and our doings 60tncwhnt thus : — Chapter i. the travellers. , ' Aye ! marry was sho a blithesome loss." Ou> Ballad. It was somewhere about the month of July, pi the year of our Lord 180 — ; the golden rays of the fast setting sun were already shed ding thir'gorgcous lustro in subdued grandeur pvor the scene ; wearied oxen, released from the yoke, seemed to wclnomo the repose which night would give; lie who lived truly by the sweat of his brow trudged wearily hotnoward from tho scene of hie toil, while the vibration of a vesper bell smoto soothingly on the ear. From tho thiuly-woodcd forest, which was then almost a comparative wilderness, but is now studded with tho villus of tho great and prosperous, two pedestrian travellers were glowly seen td emerge, clad in apparel then mostly worn by what wore termed " working inen," their nethor garments woro of a material yclept " moleskin," while their upper limbs wore protected from tho chilly night by a looso snirt or jacket of sorgo, highlows (so termed), travol-worn and dusty, encased their feet, while a wido- bri mmcd hat, ingeniously woven from the leaf of tho cabbagc-trcc, com- plotud their equipment, though, perchance, I might have mentioned tho thick roughly- hewn prick which each, whether fur aid or protec tion matters not, bore in bis hand. " Claro to mo, Bill," quoth the elder and tailor of tho two, whoso face sccmod bronzed by many a summer's sun, " since last shcariu' I hain't clapped my oyes on a nicer cut of a gal thau that 'ero solf-sarac Sal. What do you say, Bill ?" " My word," briefly responded his moro taoiturn companion, who puffed vigorously at bis blackened clay. Thus conversing in tho strange jargon of tho period, their conversation was suddenly inter rupted, and their attention arrested at a spot where new stands one of the most magnificent specimens of inudeni architecture, by tho sight of an old shinty, whoso wall was covered with strange bills or placards, bearing headings in hold largo typo, announcing " Auctioneers' Sales or Bankrupt Stocks," " By Virtue of a Bill of Sale," "Ruinous Sacrifices," Selling Off, to Suit the Times,"' " Great Sales of Freehold Properties," " Beef Cheaper Than Ever, at tub Real Poor Man's Friend." . Passing this in sad and moody silence, Stores empty, deserted, and cheerless ns super annuated tanneries, next greeted their gjijse, while the bare sign-posts loomed like gibbets from which their wretched freight had rolled, iu front of hosllorics long uuoccupicd ; the wolcomc glare of ruddy light, however, which gleamed cheerily through tho distant cur tained windows of a homestead, and promised entertainment to the now almoBt benighted travellers, appeared to dispel the glooiu which pervaded the place, and hurry their tardy footsteps towards the coveted haven of rest, scarco deigning in their liasto to linger at the sound of a discordant bell, or the hoarse supplementary croaking of a voice (uot altogether unlike tho defective scream of a steam-tug in a fog), 'intimating ' pro bono publico/ tho continuanco of a bankrupt sale pn tho morrow ; throwing opcu tho main or front entrances, they entered, &c.;, &c.; Now, I pri'thoe,' Mr. Editor, am I right or any oder man ? 4 portion of a chapter as a ppecimcu of tho ' style/ and, in a prefatory papaoity, was indispensable — a plot, illustra tive of tho favourite truism about tho course pf iruo lovo never running smooth, a murder of course, (as Professor Pepper's scientific illus trations have, unfortunatoly, so 6priousiy dam aged the ghost thedry), one or two outrageous hluokguards afterwards reformed and restored to tho community which had blackballed tlioni, as well as ono or more very effective xnatrimo'nial arrangements ; these, your own, or the readers' -imaginations, as the case may be, can supply ad libitum,' or rather, as the pookory bucks . render it, as do tho patent chocolato cakes in reference to sugar and milk, i' according to tasto;" hut tho main matter at issue, touching tvliich I am per mitted tn write you, viz, tho ToyrpRinept,' probably appears in or about— Chap. XXIII. tt(e tqvunamenv. !' As be bestrode, tho horse he todo/' " — A stalwart nian ryes ho." t. 1 .... . Asosyhdus. U Was a it)docd : evory faco", from tlio oldest to tho youngest, looked smiling and happy ; tlio sun, as jt to gladden with its brightness, shono with oil tho unsullied splep- pour of aq Australian clime, from garret !p basement; gaudy flags and ensigns waved re joicingly j for the grand exhibition of the day, an immense area, contiguous (0 the thctt Town Hall, had been allocated ; without wero truly a motley group — grooms, men-at-arms, horse boys, lacqueys and steeds yet unsaddled, were hurrying to and fro; spectators thronged to the entrance in one eager, living stream, while carriages and vehicles of every descrip tion, deposited fresh comers at tho guarded gates, and rolled away to lcavo space for their successors. Within the vast auipbitheatro-liko building, which, though uncovered, was se curely enclosed, a scene greeted' the gazo so magnificently grand, words panpot describo or pen depict it ; the lower tier of seats, appropri ated for the purpose, were occupied by a truly brilliant bevy of beauty closely seated, but comiDodiously, owing to the discontinuance about this time of the so-called Crinoline, an article of apparel, which wonopolisod thrice the space required by the bearer; other seats rising regularly tier above tier, at the rear, afforded sitting-room to tho other sex, who were classified in groups according to the classes of society to which they belonged; tho ultra- supercilious swell's; (so designated) imposedly forming rank in the front of their less highly born fellow-men. Evergreens in profusion hung in adornment of the interior, especially in tho vicinity of an enclosed space, whioh, though ns yet empty, was, if one could judge by its festooned drapery, for Vico-regal use, an adjoining space less profusely ornamented, was already occupied by thoso who had suc cessfully aspired to Aldermanate hooours, fore most among whom was the portly, stalwart form 'ofoue DcSnowc; immediately under the royal scats, the two veteran Heralds were stand ing richly apparolled, their brightly burnished trumpets adorned with an embroidered flag, — r- 011 one, the Latin motto' Ferio tcgo/on the other ' Audi alteram partem/ In an instant, as if by mngic, tho babel of tongues was hushed. The example of Bo Snowo, who. rose proudly, but loyally, to his feet, was followed by all tho immense assemblage; tbo military baod played the National Anthem ; the heralds scot from trumpet's throat three ccboitig blasts, and amid tho rustling of rich robes the royal cortcgfi took possession of their reception stand. .Scarce a minute elapsed ere ono Clcricus dc Civls Flynu/j nnd ono De Gibbons, bearing an ornamented velvet cushioQ, on which wore borne the freedom of the old town, and the right loyal welcomo of its citizens. A graco- ful reception, and as graceful a withdrawal then ensued, the dignity of which was only disturbed by au exhibition of the intcuse pre cocity of tho age, in one of the juveniles, thon called " tho unwushed/' asking Dc Gibbons " How his poor feet were ?"J an indignity in stantly suppressed by the stern stentorian voices of Do Snowo, lie llopere, and others; next, tho "Chronicler' writes, one Saur, a naturalized foreigucr, presented a specimen of native grown wine in a richly chased gdblct, when & sword being borrowed from an attend ant gendarme, and the wino tasted, Dc Saur, duly dubbed, rose from his kuccling posturo amidst trcmoudous acclamations of applause as Sir Saur Do Saur. "While this was passing, two spectators were emerging from a cloth- covered door, which formed the entrance to an adjoining marquee, withiu which certain win- sotno damsels were dispensing with their 6weotcat smiles what tho historian terms " nob bier.'"." Some unprovoked but annoying in- tcrrupt'on to their egress was instantly re taliated, a furious mele followed, but ere blood was shed, ns tho cry broke forth, " M'Kiornan to tbo rescue 1" an officer of gondaruies, hand somely attired, || with some balf-dozen subordi nates quelled the disturbance. The lists being cleared for the use of the combatants, a "pow erful kuight, hia vizier enveloping bis features, after curvetting on his steed round tho im mense arena aud bowing to tho royal party, took bis placo near tho heralds, haughtily flinging his mailed gnuutlct in defiance on the ground, the armourial ornaments on his bur nished shield were a golden hammer rampant, three mayor's badges of office, aud " Advance Municipalities." Theso bad scarco glistened in tbo sunshine, when auother knight, smaller in stature, but equally symmetrical in his saddle, though apparently less confident of his sent, rode pruudly like his opponent round tho enclosure, and then, leaping from his steed and raising the discarded glovo, stationed him self, as if by preconcerted arrangement, ' vis-a vis ' to liis opponent. A breathless silence, only broken by fierce clarions' blast, and the two steeds instinctively bounded forward — "a clash of anus — a denso cloud of dust obscured the combatants, which, when dispelled, re veulcd the form of tho lutter kuight, whose very plume seemed unrufiled. "Ilabct! habetl" enthusiastically shouted a tall, well- dressed stripling, who, absorbed in the excite ment of the 6ccne, in his oblivion droppod a splendidly embellished volume, which, ns a prize, ho lutd gained in the Town Academy, conducted under the auspices of a very worthy pedagogue of tho period; but ero tho classical allusion was appreciated, esquires and grooms eagerly rushed forward to ascertain the end of volume r. Crinoline, like the ancient hoop, was doubt less an object of detestation to Paterfamilias ; slightly deviating from the form of a beehive, or circle-headed bird cage, its appearauco, iu happy imitation of the Empress of France, was hailed with satisfaction, and, though tho robes which superseded it/slightly bordered on au imitation (judging by ancient frescoes) of those worn in the dark ages by the Egyptian Indies, they certainly were infinitely apparently moro comfortable anil certainly more decent. t " Do Flynn." From tbo connection of the Clericusor clerk) with this functionary's name, some writers, knowing of tbc oxistcoco of orders at this timo think, that as clerk probably in bolv orders, lie must hnvo been a Rev. Mr. FJynn, but Turnitout in liis "Traditional Treatiso on Too- WOomua nnd its Antiquities," submits these orders were wholly uuhGly, being signed by ono Martin- dale, a celebrated contractor of tbo period, nnd that De Flynu was tho clerk of tbo town or town Councillors. t " How's your poor feet V' " Docs your mtitlier kuow you're out V "Hookey Walker," and other disgustingly meaningless vulgarisms, aro now happily obselete, but in an nncieot Burlesquo Poem carefully preserved in our museum, the writer, evidently a clever fellow alludes to one Walker " of tbo outcast tribes of tho Udokecs." Where now the luscious grape clusters in abundaucc.and vineyards adorn tho hillsido and valleys, there were then but a few isolated vines; not only the whito and red Koludab, but anient spirits have happily given precedence long since to 'sour wine.' II (M'Kiernan.) Tbo costume of tbo gendarmes was superb, and their appearance on state occa sions most imposing. Tho officers woro a shell jacket of broad blue cloth, elegantly embroidered in silver; tho nether garments were of Bedford Cprd, wrtb highly polished Napoleon bppts, a Writer, (evidputly In a facetious mood), spends of the former as fitting so exquisitely tight, thp J Lsn" w R was requisite 