Select W&t.; T H E SLEEP-WA.IiEEE • • ' OB,"*""' • CHAPTEfi LXXHI. , X&A3;>Y THERESA'S TXXAX.0, J BY HBS. OOBDOH JBMXIHIES, •^nUwrcf"OurM«iy,""Tb« Womwia^Sluk;" etc.ttc.': Lajbt BABBABA confidcd to no one but her father, Lord Bosemount^ -the extraordinary »pparition which had preceded and, indeed, caused &er; fainting fit. ... . . , Her maijl, Mademoiselle Suzette,. newly hired for the wedding, was a singularly keen, sbreird, .lively, experienced woman of-five and thirty ;'but her extreme vivacity, email, light figure, and three-cornered, cat-like "face, gave you the impression of p, much yonnger person. Suzette took care to encourage thiB But, of. course, as she had been in the service of young Eugligb ladies since she was fifteen, she .iad hud very great experience iu everything connected with her duties, and was the last person in the world to.make any ftiss about the fainting fit of a young brideelect, whom her national ponetration and acquired tact convinced her. was not about to be married to the man-of her heart. If no one: else had fathomed the secret of Lady Barbara's heart, her French maid, Suzette, bad not seen -her manner of returning Lord Beaurepaire's bow and' congratulations without divining her secret. Suzette, therefore, .-gently raised Lad? Barbara, with all a Frenchwoman's care about ber beautiful bridal toilet. She cautiously removed the. orange wreath and veil She lifted her on to a low couch, and repaired to the dressing-room, in search of salts, aromatie vinegar, and eau-de-Cologne. Having succeeded in restoring animation, Suzette persuaded her young lady to allow her <0 take off her beautiful bridal dress, and indnced her to retire at once to bed. "Do not leuve me,.Suzette," said Lady Barbara, who now, for the first time iu her life, felt a nervous dread and a horror of being left alone j "but ring the bell twice, and when some one answers it, let Lord Bose mount know that I wish to speak to him; but don't let it be dono so as to excite any observation." "I understand, my lady," said Suzette. " So ifdehousemaid come up,I advise she stay wid my lady, while I go and let my lord know my lady would speak wid bim. It is a delicate commission, and .no one but myself can acquit her of it to my lady's satisfaction." In answer to Lady Barbara's bell, twice rung, Anne, a rosy, round-eyed under-house- maidappeared, and was told by Suzette to stay with Lady Barbara nut il she* returned. In a few minutes Suzette re-appeared, saying my lord would visit my lady in a few minutes, and that she had contrived to request him to do so, while appearing only to "bt seeking for my lady's work-basket. While she spoke, Lord Bosemount knocked at the door. Lady Barbara haughtily dismissed Suzette, and the rosy, round faced Anne. The latter went honestly down stairs, to look after her sweetheart, James. The catlike Sdi|tte retired into a dreeing room only. As s<wn as she had closed the door, she went down upon her knees, and applied alternate'.y her eye and her ear to the keyhole, for she thought it very important to her interests to know all her lady's secrets. Little dreaming of such a sharp-witted eaves dropper, Lady Barbara revealed to her father all that had happened, and requested him to walk to the dressing- table, and examine the beautiful set of pearls so mysteriously conveyed to the spot where they had been left. " Barbara," said Lord Bosemount, " I am now convinced that your mother has not left the country—nay, I believe she is still lurking somewhere in the immediate neighborhood. These pearls were presented to her before our marriage by her mother. She wore them at her own wedding; but owing to a quarrel to which they gave rise, she, some three years after she became my wife, swore she would never wear them again. I had forgotten their existence. However, as they are very rare, beautiful, and costly, I am very glad she has kept them for you. Besides, as people begin to look rather impertinent and curious about your mother's sudden and mysterious disappearance, I am very glad to have this present, sent 110 matter by irhom, and conveyed no matter how, to display, as coming from her to yoa. The inquisitive had better imagine that your mother sent it to me to present to you from her, aud that will give a notion that I know where she is, and that her absence is sanctioned by me." "But, papa;" said Lady Barbara, "how do you account for that ease of pearls being on my table, without any visible agency, two minutes after I had seen a vacant place where it afterwards stood ?" " You must have overlooked it, Barbara," said his lordship, in a tone which showed that such was the construction he chose to put on the circumstance. "And the words I heard spoken, papa, how do you account for them ?'' "Fancy, mere fancy, nothing else, my dearest," said Lord Rosemount. " And the hooded monk in black, and the woman in gray, with a white shawl over her head, papa ?" urged Barbara. " The power of a morbid imagination, Barbara, dwelling unconsciously to yourself on the silly superstitious stories you have heard of the ancient and modern ghosts that are said by the vulgar to hauut this room. Barbara shook her head. Lord Bosemount coldly kissed the marble brow of his eldest daughter, and left her, saying, as he quitted the room— " If you feel nervous, let your own maid sleep in your room. The absurd idea," he said to himself, " of the romantic fool, Lady Bosemount, presenting those splendid pearls, for which I could havo got fifteen hundred pounds, to a girl wLo is on the eve of becom ing the wife of the Canadian millionaire. How everything that woman does exasperates me. "What a fool I was not to send her quietly off to that better world she is always sighing for, when I bad her in my power, and might have done it so well. And now I can protend that Lady Bosemount sent the pearls to me to present to our eldest daughter. To Jessica I can make out that she !b dead, and that this is r> bequest, and I will make it a truth ere long, if watching day and night can enable mo to find out to what shelter my dctestod wife cscaped after I saw her in her bed-room at Beach Firm." CHAPTER LXXIV. The morning came at last—the morning of Lady Barbara's1- wedding-day. It was wet and gusty, bat after Suzette had given her some teaj Lady Barbara rose in high spirits. ^ All at once, however, a change came over the spirit of her dream. Suzette, sly. Suzettej anxious to be qnite pertain as to the object of ber lady's secret passion, mentioned, as if it waa a matter of veiy lMgi inomont, while braiding out the loose *||raiu" of Lady Barbara's "Amber drooping^air," that Lord Beaurepaire had been sent for by telegram to tbe death bed of,his mother, the old Dowager Countess of Beaurepaire, and that he had set off. in consequence: for St. Leonard's, where the. old lady was staying. Lady Barbara'started, but she contrived to conquer, or, at any rate, to conceal the emotions of anguish and despair which filled her heart at tbis news. The start, ; and the deadly pallor with which she heard the tidings of Lord Beaurepaire's summons to St. Leonard's, did not escape Suzette, who, appearing to see nothing, noted everything. She saw Lady Barbara's cheek grow paler and paler, till it became as white and cold as marble. Suzette bfeheld the tears of unutterable disappointment gather in her large light blue eyes.; She felt a shiver run through her lady's frame; but she appeared to see nothing, and went on industriously brushing, partiug, plaiting, and arranging Lady Barbara's hair, aware, but apparently perfectly unconscious, that all theinterest of the bride-elect in the great cerempny of woman's life was at an end for her mistress. "The die is cast," said lady Barbara to herself. "To recede were impossible now, without acting dishonorably, and what in my opinion is worse still, appearing ridiculous." There was nothing of the brilliant, animated beauty of the night before, in the cold, pale, statuesque, and haughty Lady Barbara in her bridal dress. Her hair, with which she bad meant to do such wonders, and which, with other adjuncts, was to have converted her into a second Theresa, was hastily braided close to her head, and twisted into a knot at the . back. She had not patience to have anything done to show off her really fine light • Jessica was her only bridesmaid, and the animated brunette, -with the rich carnation of her cheeks, and the bright scarlet of her lips, and her abundant and silky black hair, dressed so as to make the most of its glossy abundance, and a wild inward joy from a secret cause dancing in her bright eyes, and dimpling her pretty cheeks, formed a contrast to the cold, inanimate, and scornful bride—a contrast very disadvantageous to the latter. It had been arranged that the wedding should take place in the chapel, which bad been cleaned up and decorated on purpose. Lord Bosemount was very anxious to get this marriage ceremony well over. The arrangement to which Jack Franks, as well as Sir Arthur, had consented, relieved him from an intolerable weight of pecuniary and personal anxiety and alarm. Never was there a more dreary wedding party. A drizzling rain fell incessantly, and a low moanjng wind wailed like a spirit in pain, as they passed through the shrubbery into the chapel. Everybody seemed depressed, except honest Jack Franks. The bride, pale and cold as she bad been before, grew visibly paler and colder; the white lips became almost blue, and she trembled violently. Lady Theresa, seeing this, drew near. She feared her sister was going to faint, and, throwing her arm round her waist, she drew the reluctant bride to her side, and offered her a smelling-bottle and a fan. Lady Barbara pushed away her sister's hand almost fiercely. She struggled to free herself from her encircling arm. "You are not well, dearest "Barbara," said Lady Theresa. " Dearest! Why call me dearest ? When was I either dear or dearest to any one hissed Lady Barbara, suddenly darting at her sister a glance of hate and scorn. " A t any rate, you are dear aud dearest, too, to him who is about to make you the wife of his bosom, and the partner of bis life," softly answered Theresa. " Ha!—ha!—ha!" replied Lady Barbara, in a fierce whisper, "you think so, do vou ! Well, then, I am not Bure even of that. Little as I care whether it is so or not, I am glad to be able to tell you, sister, that I have perceived all your gentle manoeuvres for robbing me even of that one adorer, and as you do not disdaiuto flatter man's vanity and I do, I dare say you have succeeded, and I shall bo very glad if you have, for if you have made him. in love with you I shall escape the bore of attentions I loathe, and a passion I can never reciprocate." " Barbara, for pity's sake, lake care! You will be overheard ! You are not well; your hand is burning hot. What is the matter ? You must be ill!" said Theresa. " 111 I I wish I were dead!" moaned Barbara. At this moment Jack Franks approached, to walk by Lady Barbara's side to the altar, and Lord Bosemount held out his hand to conduct her to her place, and to be ready to give her away. (To he continued?) The Lachlan Biveb.—The water has not been so low in this river for two years as at the present lime. It may be said not to bo a river, for it is a chain of water holes, between which persons can cross on the sand without wetting their boots. It may not be generally known, but it is nevertheless true, that these water holes are supplied with water during the longest period of drought by subterranean currents. Upon investigation it would bo found that the level of water is the same in the bed of the river os in the drifts upon the various leads of gold on the Lachlan gold fields, and that these drifts connect with those to be found in the bed of the river. This is perceptible to a person bathing in the river by the difference in the temperature of tho water, where the drift water forms a confluence with the river waler. We understand that the Macleay Iibb been incorporated with New England, for educational purposes, and that W. Mclutyre, Esq., has been appointed Inspector of Schools— Ha-ald, In Melbourne, detootives havo lately been employed as clerks in the post office to dctect letter stealers. —Lachlan Reporter. 