AN AFRICAN DOMESTIC SCENE. " MOSSOAH, an Indian, in whose house we resided, was a fine benevolent old man, with an establishment of 300 native men and women round him. His abode had, three years ago, taken two months to build, and it was surrounded by a circular wall, which enclosed his bouses, fruit, and vegetable gardens, and his stock of cattle. The lady who presided over the whole was of most portly dimensions, and her word was law. Mossoah sat from mora til1 night with his ' Foondee,' or niauager, and other head servants within sight, receiving salutes and compliments from the rich and poor at the front, or gentleman's side of the house, while the lady presided over the domestic arrangements of the interior. We had full access to both, and no house could be conducted with greater regularity. At three o'clock in the morning, Mossoah, who had led a hard life in his day, would call out for his little pill of opium, which he never missed for forty years. Thif would brighten him up till noon. He would then transact business, chat, and give you the gossip at any hour you might sit by him on his carpet. To us it seemed strange that he never stopped talking when prayers from the Koran were being read to him by a ' Bookeen,' or Madagascar man. Perhaps he had little respect for the officiating priest, as the same reverend and learned gentleman was accustomed to make him his shirts ! After a mid-day sleep, he would refresh himself with a second but larger pill, transact business, and so end the day The harem department presented a more domestic scene. At dawn, women in robes of coloured chintz, their hair neatly plaited, gave fresh milk to the swarm of black cats, or churned butter in gourds by rocking it to ami fro on their laps. By seven o'clock the whole place was swept clean. Some of the household fed the game-fowls, or looked after the ducks and pigeons; two women, chained by the neck, fetched firewood, or ground corn at a stone; children would eat together without dispute, because a matron presided over them—all were quiet, industrious beings, never idle, and as happy as the day was long. When any of Mossoah's wives gave birth to a child there was universal rejoicing; the infant was brought to show its sex ; and when one died, the shrill laments of the women were heard all night long. When a child misbehaved, we white men were pointed at to frighten it as nurses at home too often do with ghost stories."—" A Walk cross Africa." By Captain G iant. ? 