MR. MONTGOMERY'S HAMLET. TO THE EDITOR OF THE ARGUS. Sir-So many queries have been addressed to me, both personally and by letter, during the past week, with respect to Mr. Montgomery's Hamlet, that I will venture, with your permission, to reply to them through the columns of The Argus. Let me premise that every Hamlet of note I have ever seen has been largely affected by, if it has not faithfully reflected, the tempera- ment of the actor. Mr. Montgomery's Hamlet is no exception to the rule. It is essentially lymphatic. The portrait he presents to us is that of an amiable, affectionate, self indulgent, plaintive, and somewhat lachrymose Prince. He brings out in strong relief the vacillating, wayward, irresolute and half-hearted traits in Hamlet's character. He shows him to be unstable as water, as variable as the clouds, as inconstant as the moon. His melancholy is not so deeply seated as to render him incapable of fugitive moods of cheerfulness. He can be diverted from his purpose by trivial incidents, and find a pretext for procrastination in dreamy re- verses. His grief is the indulgence of a weak mind, and not an influential principle of action operating upon a strong one. It is content to expend itself in the windy sus piration of forced breath." When it should serve as a good or a spur, it is found to re- strain him like a curb. Were his nature less gracious, his manner less urbane, and his speech less-gentle, we should be provoked to despise him asarpoor shiftless creature, who is always letting dare not' wait upon I would,' like the poor cat the adage." ne exhibits none of the stern effects of which Hamlet speaks, and which actors of greater vigour have been accustomed to display ; but, on the other hand, he reveals to us which some of them do not the deep under- current of affection which he supposes the Prince-to entertain for Ophelia, the mental pang-which he imagines that Hamlet experiences on discovering her prevarication, and the profound reluctance which he conceives the Prince must feel in renouncing, from a sense of duty and in disregard of the dictates of his heart, the passion he has cherished for ter.- Mr. Montgomery's is an eminently agree- able Hamlet. It is most effective where other representatives of the characters have been least so and it is defectively unimpressive in those scenes-the interview with the Ghost, and the closet scene, for example- in which previous actors, and Mr. Anderson especially so, have made their strongest points, and produced their most powerful impressions. In both these instances Mr. Montgomery presents us with a striking picture of mental abstraction when, as I think, it should be one of mental absorption. His mood of mind is subjective, when it should be objective. He is occupied with his own medita- tions when every nerve might be supposed to be strung to the highest tension, and every faculty wholly engrossed by the awful appari- tion, the hour, the place, and the astounding nature of the revelation made to him by the " dread corse." Thus much is obvious from the text audit derives additional sanction from the traditions of the stage, handed down to us from the time in which Shakspeare played the Ghost in his own tragedy, and is reported to have instructed Burbidge in the part of Hamlet, and reproved Kemp for his vil- famous" gagging. How Garrick bore himself in presence of the spirit we know from Part- ridge's ingenuous remark in Tom Jones and I think we may accept Shakspeare and Garrick as high authorities on this point, and may be justified, in this wise, for disputing the wisdom and propriety of innovations which have nothing to recommend them beyond the fact of their novelty. If the foundations of Hamlet's reason are not-as two such exports as Drs. Bucknill and Conolly assert they are overthrown by the appalling revelation which has been just made to him by the Ghost; if he does not join together-as Coleridge,' as M. Villemain, and as nearly all the great critics, English, German, and French" declare he does-" the light of-reason, the cunning of intentional error, and the involuntary disorder of the soul," his mind was unquestionably unsettled ; while, physically, he appears to have been in a state of hysteria. Not otherwise can we account for the control and scoffing language which he employs towards his father, which are so significant of Hamlet's state of mind, and which Mr. Montgomery, strange to say, altogether omits. They are these : Hamlets', has, boy ! say'st thou who? art thou there Truepenny? Come on, you hear this fellow in the cellarage And again. it, Well said, old mole ! Canst work the ground so last? A worthy pioneer. So, too, in the Play scone, Mr. Montgomery cuts out whole passages which are not less demonstrative of a disordered intellect, and not less important aids to the spectator, who is anxious to divine the true condition of the Prince's mind. The lines excised are these : man. Would not that, sir, and a forest of feathery (II the rest of my fortunes turn Turk with me), with two Provencal roses on my razed shoes, got me a fellowship In ii cry of players, sir? Horsfall of share. Uara. -A whole one, day. For thou dost know, 0 Damon dear, This realm dismantled was Of Jove himself, and now Follis here A very, very, peacock. This extravagance of conduct and language, it will be observed, is exhibited when none but Horatio is present, and when no necessity exists for acting the madman ; while the Mightiness of the couplet (also omitted) For if the king like not the comedy, Why, then, belike,-ho likes it not, portly ; resembles that of many of Madge Wildfire's crazy speeches. ' In the purely colloquial passages of the play Mr. Montgomery is very happy; and while, in the "business" of the piece, he. . does not refuse to adopt what has been en- grafted upon it by his predecessors, he gives proof of originality of conception, and in . deavours, indeed, to clear up some obscurities of the text by the light which his action projects upon them. Thus, he mitigated the apparent harshness of Hamlet's language and conduct to Ophelia, in the first scene of the second act, by conveying to the audience, as explicitly as possible, the assurance of the fact that the king and his chamberlain are eavesdropping behind the arms ; while he also renders broadly manifest the shock communicated to the Pi man's moral nature when he discovers Ophelia to have paltered with the | truth by declaring that her father is at home at the very moment she is aware of his being an eye-witness of all that passes in her interview with her royal lover. Mr. Montgomery represents Hamlet as actuated by conflicting emotions throughout the entire scene - grieved and exasperated by Ophelia's com- plicity in the espionage to which he is exposed, but still yearning towards her with a tenderness that transforms wrath into pity, and that converts the injunction " Get thee to a nunnery" into a loving admonition, bringing either from the conviction that there she would find a haven of security and repose, or from the selfishness which would prompt him to debar others from winning that place in her affections which he had hold, and had voluntarily, but reluctantly, vacated. Pretty and agreeable, however, as this is; there is nothing either in the text or the stage directions to warrant it and harsh, violent, and cruel as Hamlet's language and demeanour fire towards Ophelia, they are strictly natural, and are perfectly appropriate to his state of mind. Shakspeare well know that in cases of mental disease or distemper the sufferer hates and distrusts, upbraids and abuses, those whom, in mental health, he has loved and esteemed ; just as to digress for a moment pure-minded women, if they become insane, will indulge in the lowest conversation. And hence, the dramatist, with a rare knowledge of in vehicular disorder, puta snatches of coarse ballads into the mouth of the mad Ophelia. Therefore any display of tenderness towards her in the particular scene referred to, any softening down of his brutality, must be as Dr. Conolly justly observes, " an unauthorised departure from the delineation of his character by Shakspeare." I think that experienced physician's criticism of this part of the play is one of the best ever penned and it derives the utmost weight from his professional experience. " Hamlet's expressions, " he writes, from the commencement of his directly addressing Ophelia, are all of the tissue of a madman's talk with no clearly determined application to immediate circumstances, and addressed by a disturbed mind and heart to the empty air, or to the shadows of images crowding among his troubled thoughts. They contain unconnected allusions to himself, broken reflections unconsciously wounding Ophelia, starts of general suspicion, and sudden threats which flash and disappear, but which would have been carefully re- frained from if there had been only de- ception intended to make the path to vengeance clear. If we would unravel all these mingled expressions, we find that it is scarcely of Ophelia that Hamlet is speaking thus wildly, but of his mother, of her detested marriage, and of his own conscious imperfections ; all these things are singing his discourse, but giving it no true colour." Furthermore, Mr. Montgomery is wrong, I conceive, inhisdelivery- gracefulandpleasing though raises the well-known soliloquy " To be, or not to be " ; which is not the philosophical speculation of a Cato, or a Seneca, but the passionate utterance of a soul at war with life, but dreading death, and agonised by the struggle between these two sentiments. With these statements, and with the general objection that Mr. Montgomery does not allow Hamlet to exhibit that exaggerated energy under provocation of which mild and sensitive nature like his are peculiarly capable, and in which the Prince indulges as often as his indignation gets the better of his indecision, the portraiture is graphic, consistent, and harmonious ; deficient in power, but careful in finish, and delicate in detail., If I were to borrow an illustration from a sister art, I should like the picture to a clever water-colour drawing, lacking the depth and solidity of an oil-painting, but compensating for the absence of these by the presence of other qualities, by airiness of tone, simplicity of treatment, transparency of colour, lightness of touch, and a certain sobriety of effect, a pleasant twilight, equally removed from the gloom of evening and the garish ness of the afternoon. In brief, Mr. Montgomery tones down the roughness and violence of the poet's Hamlet, and presents him to us en beau. It is not Hamlet the moody, with a wildness that is half false, and a madness that is half read the misanthropical, the vindictive, with a thin crust of courtly culture overlying the fundamental coarseness of his race, and broken up by fitful eruptions of fiery and ungovernable passion ; but Hamlet the lover, Hamlet the dawdling dreamy faineant, Hamlet the debenture. Hamlet with a large infusion of Werther. I am indisposed to dis manage it on that account. It is the actor's own conception of the character, and he is to be commended for thinking it out, and for embodying it in a concrete and consistent form. Let us be just to him, and let us be equally just to other actors who offer us the fruit of their genius, their study their observation and experience, even although we' differ from them in the reading of a passage, or the idea of a part, Yours JAMES SMITH. Melbourne; July 28. 