COUNTEY NEWS. BALLAARAT. . [prom our own correspondent.] Saturday Evening. There are still great expectations of an improve ment at the Comer after the holidays are over, espe cially as the Western Freehold Company is reported to have struck washdirt. This company, which has only been in existence a few months, is situated in the neighborhood of some - of those . claims on the township that have lately been so popular,- and if the report proves to be correct, there can be no #]i-viil*4- fl^nf -rv»#»-n-tr infflvaofo ?will vi'on fAncni^nvnlViTr '171 value. Prices at the present time are merely nominal, and those published afford no criterion as to the state of the market. Some of the companies have been engaged in. repairing their machinery and surface plant, and those that have been at work have yielded satisfactory returns. Mr sub-inspector Eyall and detectives Eason and Berrill are busily engaged in tracing the supposed murder of Patrick O'Meara, for which offence Dennis Murphy is now in custody, and from what lias already been made known, it is thought that it will prove one of the most revolting crimes ever com mitted in the colony. The charred remains of the bones of a human being, supposed to be those of the deceased, are all anatomically arranged, showing that they wore those of a male person. ®ther cir cumstances have come to light, which will throw, at ? Ihe least, a very strong suspicion upon the ac cused. The inquest is to bo held on Thursday ; in the meantime, Murphy refrains from saying any thing. The space allotted for the Bridge-street market is now clear, but it appears that there is some hitch ' about the specifications, which will probably delay the carrying out of the undertaking. If gone into with spirit and properly managed, the enterprise is sure to pay, besides tending more than anything else to create a union of the two boroughs ; but if mismanaged, it will prove a loss- to the shareholders, and add another to the long list of our failures in carrying out public enterprises. What is called ' hard swearing' at police courts has been often commented upon, and it is a wonder that so many of these offences have been allowed to go unpunished. However, our police magistrate loses no opportunity to punish those who are de tected ; and to test the truth of certain statements made on Friday in an assault case, two bailiffs named Cowper and Miller were arrested to-day on a charge of perjury. They will be brought before the Eastern pelice court on Monday. Sudden Death. — A man named Robert Ross died suddenly in a hut, on Specimen-hill, on Friday morning. It appears that he had been ailing with a severe cough and spitting of blood for some time back, and was staying with an acquaintance in the hut. At an early hour in the morning he was taken with a severe fit of coughing, and subsequently vomited up quantities of blood, -nd gradually sank and died. An inquest was held on his body in the course of the afternoon, when a verdict was returned of death from hemorrhage from the lungs, resulting from an attack of phthisis.— Ballaarat Star, De : comber 29. Boy Drowned. — A boy named James Williams was drowned on Friday last while bathing in the dam of the St. George Gold Mining Company, Se bastopol. He was bathing with other boys, and went out of his depth, and in endeavoring to save \- him, his elder brother was likewise nearly drowned. When the deceased's body was recovered from the. water life was quite extinct. A verdict of acci dental drowning was returned at the inquest held on the case on Saturday. — Ballaarat Star, Dec. 31. How they Came from the Country. — The ex cursion train from Melbourne to Ballaarat on Box ing-night was the longest and heaviest that ever travelled on the line. It was a huge serpentine-like thing when it left Melbourne, so long, in fact, that with the accession of passengers received at Gee long, it became too much to pull up to Ballaarat as one train. 'Under these circumstances, the load was halved, and while one moiety was sent -in, the other had to remain at Geelong till a safe interval had elapsed, the last half not reaching Ballaarat till about one (.'clock in the morning. Our readers must imagine for themselves the pleasant sights and sounds which attended tired excursionists, crowded together in hot weather with plenty of babies, and not a few holiday folk, carrying holiday burdens of a portable sort, that added to the noisy and often fretful excitement of the time. Though arriving so late, there were coaches and cabs waiting to convey country excursionists to their several homes in and around Ballaarat, several parties starting at once for places from ten to twelve miles distant. — Bal- laarat Star, Dec. 31. Fire at Ballaarat. — A fire broke out a little after ten o'clock on Sunday night, ia the house of a miner named Johnson, at the extreme south end of Lyons-street, on the edge of the slope overlooking the White Flat. Both brigades were on the spot with quick speed, but only in time to extinguish the embers of the already destroyed building, as the materials being' of wood, and lined with calico and paper, the work of ruin at this season of the year was of course extremely rapid. To add to the rapidity of the burning, there was no water avail able for a long time, only one water-cart appearing on the scene for some time after the arrival of the brigades. Nothing was saved of any value, for, as the children were in bed, or some of them, enough was found to do in malting their safety secure, which was done in good time. Happily, too, the cottage was isolated, or, in the absence of water, the de struction of adjoining property would have been inevitable. We were informed that the fire, was caused by a girl carelessly using the candle while engaged in putting away some clothes. The Eastern brigade had the ill-luck to break the axle of one of the carriages, while bumping over a crossing out of Sldpton-street inte another street leading to the fire. —Ballaarat Star, Dec. 31. A Model ' Skullbanker.' — The' Gresiolck Ad vertiser of yesterday remarks : — ' Stations are not the only places where skullbankers ply their avoca tions, as the following actual experience of butchers and bakers in Creswick will notify; Contractors on the roads are in the habit of allowing their men to order their meat and bread direct from the parties supplying such, and, of course, the butcher or baker, as the case may be; turns in his bill to the contractor, who stops what is needed out of , — the men's pay. Now it has lately happened that the ' skullbankers' watch the butcher or baker ap proaching the men with supplies, and immediately taking up whatever tool is near, commence an ap pearance of work. Of. course the butcher is de ceived, the joint of meat is supplied, and ' skull banker' leaves the place instanter. The baker is often taken in in the same way. In connection with the subject, the following fact may be related. A man called on Neil M'Neil, contractor, on the Ballaarat road, last Friday night, asking for work. It , was' agreed that he should go to work in the morning ;' he obtained supper, bed and breakfast from one of the road men. In the morning ho went to work, but soon wanted something from his entertainer's tent, td which he went, ' and was never seen after, nor was his swag, and that of his mate of the pre vious night.' ; The Poor Squatters. — That the squatters have the will and the means to buy land still, may be predicated from the fact that at the sale of Crown lands on the Wimmera, on Monday, one family bought' over 8300 acres, and one other squatter over 1500 acres. — Ballaarat Star, January -1. The wheat crops in the Learmonth district have suffered seriously from the hot winds now prevail ing. Some fields that were perfectly green on Christmas day are now ripe ; but, on examination, the grain appears to be affected with blight or rust. Harvest laborers are still in good demand at average wages of £2 per week, and by some farmers 10s per day has been offered, but without rations. — Bal- laarat Star, January 3.; Violent Thunder Storm.— During the thunder storm of last evening the lightning was at times very vivid, and' the flashes were each of the forked description. We have heardibut of one case where any damage resulted, and that was on the farm of Mr Hines, Cattle Station-lull, near Creswick. Three ; shocks of wheat in one of the fields upon this farm were completely destroyed by a flash of the lightning . at about half -past seven o'clock. Happily the crops on this particular spot had been but indifferent, and the stubble being much' below the average height, the numerous harvestmen about did not . experience much difficulty in preventing anything like a serious conflagration. While en gaged in this work however, one of the men, whose name we have been unable to leam, .was slightly struck by the lightning, and was so' far injured that his v removal to the Creswick Hospital became necessary. All other living beings escaped from injury during the storm, which was not of long duration. — Ballaarat Post, January 3. The; Murder at Bullarook. — The inquest on the charred human remains found in the bush at Bungai'ee, and which are- supposed to be those of the missing man O'Meara, will be held to-day. Among the remains a piece of state pencil was found,| and this is considered as an additional clue to;their identity, from the fact that O'Meara had almost invariably that description of pencil in his possession.— Ballaarat Star, January 3. Thurs day's Ballaarat Post says : — ' The inquest on the charred remains of a human being, found in the bush at Bungaree, and supposed to be those of a man named Patrick O'Meara, who has been missed from his home, was commenced at Crow's St.Mungo Hotel jMs morning, before the district coroner and a jury, and subsequently adjourned to the Royal George Hotel. Mr Ryall conducted the examination of witnesses, Mr Superintendent Hill being also present. Mi1. Finn represented the prisoner, Dennis Murphy, in custody on suspicion of having caused the death of the missing man. It being feared that the publication of the evidence would defeat the ends of justice, a request was preferred by the coroner to the representatives of the . press to hold over their reports till the conclusion of the inquiry. The -witnesses examined were Drs. S. G. Butler, R. Bunceiand W. P. Whitcembe, who deposed that the remains were those of an adult male person ; Thos, Maloney, a brother-in-law of Murphy, the prisoner ; Mary Maloney, his wife ; and James Murphy, pri soner's brother.' More Fires at Ballaarat. — Last Tuesday's Bal laarat Post supplies the following : — ' Shortly after two o'clock to-day a small tenement, the name of the owner of which lias escaped uss situated be tween the shaft of the Band of Hope Company and the Miners' Race-course paddock, was burnt to the ground. The fire brigade mustered, but before they could reach the spot, the total destruction of the place had occurred. Scarcely had the inhabi tants of the town recovered their alarm when the bell again rang out, and a rush was made to Peel street, the ldtchen and back premises of the shop of Mr D. Macrae, draper, having caught fire. Water and means to use it were close at hand, ' and the flames were subdued, not, however before the part of the premises where the fire would seem to have originated was destroyed. Yesterday afternoon the row of buildings in Main street known as M'Donald's buildings, had a narrow escape from fire. By some means a number of boxes at the rear of Creighton's oil and kerosene warehouse became ignited, and the flames extended to the fence dividing the premises from the Bal moral Hotel. The members of the brigades turned out with several reels of hose, and an abundant supply of water being obtainable, the conflagration was fortunately subdued. Mr Creighton may be congratulated upon his lucky escape from loss, his misfortunes through the devouring element having previously been very 'severe. SANDHURST. A melancholy coincidence occurred, the other day, in connection with the death of two miners at Epsom, named Wakeham and Handly. While the men at work in the neighboring claims were labor ing to extricate the two puor fellows from the place where they had been buried, a woman named Mrs Gun was sitting in the house of Mrs Wakeham, the wife of one of the two men, trying all she could to console the bereaved woman, when intelligence was brought that her own husband had dropped dead near Runnymede. — Bendigo Advertiser, Bee. 31. Restored to Life. — A very curious instance of the uncertainty of death — strange as it may appear — occurred at Epsom last week. A child about eighteen months old, the daughter of a respectable couple residing at Epsom, was taken ill, and after every remedy had been tried the ohild, to all ap pearances, died. Some hours afterwards a woman in the neighborhood was called in to perform the usual offices to the dead, and while in the act of doing, so her attention was attracted by a slight mo tion of the eye of the apparently dead child. She immediately suspected that life was not extinct, and procuring restoratives succeeded in bringing the child back to life in a few minutes, and it has now every chance of complete recovery. — Bendigo Ad vertiser, December 21. Extensive Fire at the Serpentine Inn.— A fire broke out at the Serpentine Inn, early on Sunday morning, which in a very short time burned the whole of the premises, with the exception of one or two detached buildings used as stables. It appears that Mr Elian, the proprietor, wag from homo at the time, having come into Sandhurst for the pur pose of proceeding to Melbourne. Mrs Flinn and the rest of the inmates retired to bed on Saturday night, leaving everything apparently safe, and about three o'clock on Sunday morning they were awakenedr by the ; alarm of fire, which had broken but in one' of the parlors, near -the bar. The men who were sleeping on the premises did everything possible to extinguish the fire, and were assisted by some of the neighbors ; but from the inflammable character of the materials of which the hotel was composed, and the dryness caused by the extreme heat of the weather,- their efforts were of no avail, and the whole — with the exception referred to — was soon reduced to ashes. The fire spread with such rapidity that little more than the clothing of the inmates was saved. Information of the occurrence was brought to Mr Flinn, in Sandhurst, on Sunday night, before he had started to Melbourne. The premises were insured, wo learn for £500, but whether the furniture and stock were also insured, we are not aware. — Bendigo Advertiser, January 1. Accident by Fire.— A young girl, named Iddie residing with her parents, near Golden Square, met with a serious accident, yesterday. . It appears that she was engaged cooking near a fire in the open air, when her clothes, extended by a crinoline, became ignited. Her screams brought her mother to her assistance, and by the aid of blankets and water the flames were extinguished, but not before the poor girl had sustained severe bums on the lower por tion of her body. She was conveyed to the hospital where she lies in a precarious state. The mother was burned about the ' hands and arms in her en deavors to pull the burning dress off her child. — Bendigo Advertiser, January 1. An Unappreciative Council. — When the appli cations were yesterday read for the office of rate collector to the borough council of Eaglehawk, one candidate, along with some testimonials, sent his photograph. Though he was a jolly looking fellow, he, itiifortunately for himself, resided at Melbourne, and not . a single councillor had the sense to vote for him. Of what use is art if no respect is to be paid to it ? — Bendigo Independent, Dec. 28. Tree Planting. — Urging the necessity of tree planting, Monday's Bendigo Advertiser remarks : — When the CoHban and other water schemes are completed the area of evaporation will be much in creased though not in any degree likely to compen sate for the destruction of forests. Should the pro posal to lock the Murray be carried into effect — a project which, as affording an opportunity for raising the water to any height that may . be re quired to fill spots now only reached when the flood is high, arc! facilities for irrigation seems to have much, to recommend it — this area will be much increased. But for the destruction of saplings, nature would gradually have repaired the evil of the destruction of the forests. As is always the case with the indigenous trees, these are grown with rapidity, but are frequently cut down before they are of much use to anybody. Tree planting is imperative, because the increased 'evaporation caused by the storage of water will by no means counterbalance that continued destruction of trees which is inevitable, it should be commenced at once, for whilst the grown timber is being steadily reduced, it must be many years before plantations could supply their .place. With the large funds at the disposal of the Government, this should be a matter of no difficulty. . . ? Destructive Fire at Bendigo. — The store and dwelling of Mr Johnson, at the head of. Eaglehawk, was burned to the ground on New Year's morning, about one o'clock. A few of the neighbors had been in the house, which was at the rear of the store, seeing the old year out and the new year in, according to the custom in Scotland, but they did not remain long, and Mrs Johnson retired to bed. Mr Johnson, after seeing that everything was locked up safely, also re tired to the bedroom, carrying the lighted candle he had been using in his hand. While speakihgto his wife the candle somehow came in contact with the curtains of the bed, whea they blazed up at once, and in tln'ec minutes the whole place was in flames. Mrs Johnson escaped in her nightdress, and Mr Johnson dashed into a room where he had money collected for the payment of accounts which fell due about the first of the month, but the melting zinc on the roof dropping on his back and burning him, while the flames were threatening him all around,, he was compelled to run out without saving any thing. There was plenty of water in the tank, and willing hands ready to help, but so Speedy was the destruction that nothing could be saved. The build ing was a wooden one and dry as tinder. Consider able sympathy has been expressed for Mr Johnson, who is much respected, and who by this misfortune hifs lost the fruits of some ten years' labor. Neither the building nor stock was insuredj and the loss is estimated at something like £500, of which a con siderable portion was in money and gold, which,, as before stated, Ma- Johnson was gathering up to meet his accounts coming due. — Bendigo Advertiser, January 2. Burned by a Bush Fire. — A little girl, named Margaret Nolan, seven years of age, while playing with her sister, Bridget, who is only two years of age, near a bush fire, lately burning at the head of the Emu Creek, not far from their residence, was overtaken by the fire, and had her legs and arms severely burned before assistance could arrive. ' The younger girl was also burned on the hands. Both were brought to the hospital, where the bums were dressed, but the elder is in a very precarious state. — Bendigo Advertiser, January 2. [By .Electric Telegraph.] Sandhurst, 29th December. The returns of gold this week have been under the average, owing to the holidays. Tho following are the bank returns : — Oriental Bank : Great Ex tended Company, 83 oz ; Bank of New South Wales : Johnson's Reef, 74 oz ; Comet Company, 98 oz ; Menzies' claim, 264 oz ; Hercules, 22 oz ; Nolson, 30 oz ; Indefatigable, 24 oz ; Argus, 102 oz ; St. Mungo, 74 oz ; Pascoe's, 63 oz ; Weame and Co., 43 oz. Bank of Victoria : Lower Huntley, Deep Lead, 81 oz; Bonati and Co., 1G0 oz; Break o'-Day, 30 oz ; Bird's Reef, 72 oz ; Koch and Hil debrandt's, 33 oz ; Garibaldi, 19 oz ; Albion claim, BirdJs Reef, 47 oz. GRENVILLE. Mr Cochrane, an ©Id resident of this district, ran the wheel of his cart over an iguana, yesterday, op posite the Smythes Creek Hotel, on the main Scars dale-road. The animal measured sixteen inches long, and was of a much lighter color than thono generally mot with. — Grenville Advocate, Jan. 1. A bush fire has been raging for the last two days in that portion of Mr. Thome's station, Ninting bool, situated on tho east of the Smythesdale and. Bajlaavat road, anil close to the Banner of Wai Hotel, which, on Sunday, narrowly escaped being burned down. A spark coming from one of the trees on fire caught the grass on, the other side of the road, but the flames, were speedily extinguished by the men Mr M'Can'n had employed to protect his. property. The conflagration originated through ^ome. travellers. having lit a fire for cooking purposes, and ???'-. * carelessly leaviug without extinguishing it. — Gren- ville Advocate, December 31. A Most Amusing Snake story lias been brought under our notice. ? It appears that on Christmas day a servant in the employ of a well-known Mack- :.T smith, residing at Cardigan, was sent by the mis tress of the house, to the daily, where a cellar had been sunk for the purpose of keeping the milk cool. On this occasion the girl was engaged in carrying a quantity of pastry, &c;, intended to be used on the afternoon of the same day, to regale a number of the host's friends. After arranging the greater portion of the luxuries referred to, the girl, in turn ing round from the shelf whereon the viands, &c;, had been placed, discovered ? to her horror and ainazement that she had nearly trodden on a snake. Although a recent arrival, she had heard of the deadly nature of the animal, and was so territi od that she jumped on the shelf, thereby destroying the greater portion of the good things she had placed there for preservation from tho healed atmosphere; The good woman of the house, who was close by, rushed to tho rescue, not- of Hie girl, but of the broken crockery ; but on seeing his snakeship, fainted without notice, much to the an noyance of hor better half, who, on arriving, imagined that much rejoicing had made them mad, but, on discovering the cause, quickly despatched the intruder, which proved to be of the black spe cies, and about eighteen inches long. Both the fe males remained in a state, of insensibility for some time, and .the servant, who was apparently disgusted .- at the position in which she found herself, left with out notice. — Grenville Advocate, .January 1. MAJORCA. Fishing in the Country. — Several parties have lately been very successful in getting good hauls ? of ' fish from the creeks in this vicinity, not to speak of hundreds of crayfish caught in M'Cullum's Creek above the machines. Some large bream, trout,. and a few goodsized cod have been taken in .the holes from Gibraltar to Sanders's -farm. At- Deep Greek some fish have been taken, weigliing from four to ten pounds weight each. — Majorca Independent, January 1. ' ' An Inhuman Mother. — A gross case of neglect and cruelty on the part of a mother to her child, is recorded by the Majorca Independent. A woman named Mrs Nutall, left her house on Sunday morn ing, having-first locked up in the dwelling a liitlo boy of about six years of age, without giving him any food. She did not return to her home, but on Tuesday evening the poor little fellow was dis covered by some women living near, who imme diately broke open the place, and released the little prisoner. The inhuman mother had been during all that time away drinking, and the father is ' absent at St. Amaud, ? at work. . The child was nearly starved, as was also his only companion in captivity, a poor cat, whose piteous cries attracted the notice of the neighbors. The police have taken l the case in hand. ' A Nice Lot. — Some time ago, public attention was called to a disgraceful scene which occuned near Gibraltar, arising from the unexpected return , from New Zealand of an injured husband, Mr W — . to his faithless wife,' who had been consoled : in-' his absence by a gay Lothario, named A — . Our readeis may remember that the infuriate husband pur- ' sued the destroyer of his household happiness (who was almost in a state of nudity at the time) across sludge dams and water pools, until he effected his escape under cover of the darkness of the night. ; The husband then returned, and, after thrash ing his wife for her infidelity, again left his home. It now appears that after W — 's second departure, A — : soon found his way back to the habitation of the wife, and took up his abode with her as before. \ Thus the adulterous pair lived together, in apparent security, till Sunday last, when, like 'the- ghost in. Don Juan, to mar their happiness, the husband again made his appearance, accompanied by a horse and dray, for tho purpose- of taking the wife of his bosom and his household gods away from the sphere of A — 's attractions. The second act of the domestic drama then commenced by W — adminis tering to his wife a sound connubial ' lambasting,' while tho cause of the mischief, A — , sat on a heap ©f tailings a short distance off, and gave vent to his excited feelings in a flood of briny tears, At length, flunking that the chastisement had gone far enough, he delicately interfered by poking in ' at the door a pole some ten feet in length, following up the attack with a shower of stones. -The weed ing Helen was then permitted to step outside in rather a state of dishabille, and while she dressed, A — went in and ' bearded the lion in his den.' A combat ensued of the most determined description, both combatants being covered with wounds and blood. After a while, however, an adjournment was made by all tho parties to a neighboring store, wheie some slight refreshments were partaken of, and the disconsolate lady asked tho advice of the bystanders as to what her course of conduct should be. ' How happy could I bo with either, were t'other dear charmer away,' was the burden of her lament, and it was evident that of the two, the illegal lord was most to her liking ; but legitimacy conquered, and she agreed to accompany her husband to other fiolds and pastures new. A most affecting tableau took place when the farewell began between those who had 'loved not wisely but too well;' and kneeling down, like Norma, A — , in tones tremulous with emotion, commended the (his) cliild to tho caie of its fond mother. Part of the house was then pulled down, the chariot was mounted by the re united pair, and'A — was left lamenting. — Majorca Independent, January 1. : GEELONG. Appropriate Consolation. — Job's comforters are . most generally sneeringly alluded to when brought upon the tapis. It sometimes, however, dees hap pen that one of these individuals hits unwittingly upon a topic that does prove consoling, .as the fol lowing fact will illustrate : —A blooming widow, a few days since, in company with a lady friend, was talcing a stroll in the vicinity of the cemetery, when, probably overcome by reminiscences of byo-gono days, she suddenly paused, burst into a flood of tears, and gave strong symptoms of hysteria. Her friend, somewhat alarmed at such a public display, promptly remarked, ' Don't take on so, dear, don't take on SQj — ho's buried in the best part of tho cemetery.' The sedative proved all that could be desired ; tho widow collected her scattered thoughts, smiled approvingly at her companion, and pro ceeded on her walk, her mind apparently relieved from that ' perilous stuff ' which had before weighed it down. — Gcelong Advertiser, December 29. KYNETON. A Chance for the Industrious.— -An extensive landowner.ii this neighborhood is desirous of securing the services of an industrious man with two or three boys in his family for the purpose of cut ting down, tliistles. For this service he is prepared I to give a. house and from fifty to two hundred acres ! of excellent land rent free, provided the thistles i bo Icept down on the remainder of his property. As ! the land abuts on the common, to a man who has jl fine cows the opportunity is .one of considerable [; value. — Kyncton Guardian, 20th Di comber. |: A fatal accident happened at Baynton 011 j Cliristmas eve. A man named Robert Noonan, in I the employ of Mi1 Archibald; of Langley, was cart I ing rails from Baynton to Langley, and accidentally | fell from the dray . on which he was sit. ing. The j wheels passed over him, and inflicted such injuries j that he shortly afterwards expired. An inquest was i: held on Wednesday, and a verdict of -accidental j death recorded.-T-J£7/ttei-m Observer, December 29. CASTLEMAINE. Romance in. Real Life. — A Taradale correspon dent of the M. A. Mail sends the following : — ' A rather romantic incident occurred on board the : \ Great Britain, on her arrival in the Bay last Wed l nesday — and thereby hangs a tale. In the earlier j-| days of the gold discoveries, one of the sons of a I very respectable family, living somewhere among i the fens of Lincolnshire, was afflicted severely with : the gold fever, and with little ado made his adieus, ! and sailed for the sunny shores of Australia Felix, ; Of course, like most of us, he only intended to stay here for a year or two, just long enough to make S his pile. However, he arrived safely, .and, hardly [ j deigning to look at Melbourne, rushed up the coun ??; try to secure some of the big nuggets that were waiting to' be picked up. Well, he didn't mak'o his ? pile all at once, but stopped here long ; enough to become ' quite- colonial.' That is. ?' in the first place, he dropped writing home to ; his relatives altogether, — donned a red sash ? and a pair of ' Miller's moles ' — many a time and ; oft, with his swag for his pillow, made his resting ;? place the questionable shelter of a sheoak; or the ; odorous shade of a peppermint bush, and woke up in I the morning to find himself the cynosure of the eyes of thousands of 'bulldogs,' upon whose nest he had planted his not very elegant ' watortights,', ?j with his feet in theni. He had also acquired consi derable experience in the aits of wood-splitting, shepherding, diamond-cracking, &c;, and had once emulated the profession of a literateur, by supply ing the current gossip of the village he was then in to the nearest newspaper, at the handsome reinu ''. neration of 7s 6d per column. Being out of luck ? about the time of the starting of the waterworks, I our hero sought and obtained employment on i one of the contracts, where we will leave ' him while we mention that toward the latter end of 1865 his father died, and had left his property, which was very consider able, to be divided amongst his three sons. The propria persona of the wanderer, was required before the terms of the will could be carried out, and accordingly strenuous efforts were made to. discover his whereabouts, but without. effect, till one day his eldest brother — of course, the scapegrace was the youngest son — heard that he had been seen at a cer tain small digging township in Victoria, and with this faint, clue determined to brave the dangers of the deep, and search for the lost one himself. Well, our hero, who we left on the waterworks, by dint of careful economy had managed to save a few pounds, ' and at Christmas determined to take advantage of the cheap trains and enjoy a trip to Melbourne. His limited means would not, however, allow of the piir chase of a holiday suit, and so, not to be spoiled of his pleasure, he went down ' in.the rough.' Being at Sandridge, and hearing of the arrival of the Great Britain, he thought he would like to have a look at the good old steam ship, and so chartered a small boat to take him on I board. Arrived there, curiosity prompted him to .i inspect the passenger list, and, glancing through :: the names, one met his astonished gaze which rather startled him. Could it be his steady-going : eldest brother, who never, to his knowledge, had \ been twenty miles from home ? He would inquire. The first person he reached he accosted with the ; query, did he know so-and-so on board. ' That's ?[ my name.' ' But you aint Charley ? , of ? ?' '; ' Yes, I am ; but (looking at the seedy habiliments :: of his interrogator, and at the same time a gleam ?; of doubtful remembrance .of the features passing through his mind) you can't be Ted ? '??' Mutual recognition followed, and the astonished and delighted pair made the best of their way on ; shore, and will, we believe, our hero having thrown up his billet on the waterworks, soon make tracks for the vicinity of the fens, where the unsuccessful gold-digger will be ablo to settle down comfortably in opulence and, wo hope, happiness. [By Electric Telegraph.] Castlemaine, 2nd January. 7.35 a.m. : A fire is now .raging on Stanley's farm at Mucklcford, and if it is not got under shortly great fears are entertained that his crops, to the extent of from 500 to GOO acres, will be de stroyed. DAYLESFORD. Profitable Produce. — Mr Ponsom, of this town, has grown canary seed to perfection this year. As the seed is retailed at Is por lb, it is wasting monoy to import it. — Daylesford Express, December 29. Bush Fires. — A second and larger bush firo lias broken out in Bullarook Forest, south of this borough. Yesterday the air was rendered hazy by the smoke from the burning material. The firo | noticed in our last, as raging in the direction of 1 Specimen-hill, has now continued burning since |- Sunday. — Daylesford Express, December 29. I Scarcity of Labor. — There aro general com 1 plaints among the farmers of this district about the 1 scarcity of labor, and it becomes a serious question 1 how tho crops aro to be gathered. They aro all I ripening at tho same time, and assistance of some 1 kind must bo obtained. If European aid cannot bo I procured, the farmers aro determined to employ 1 Chinese. At Franlrlinford thoso people have alroady I been engaged in harvesting at 38s per Aveek ,wilh 1 rations, and even at those wages Chinese laborers I aro hardly to bo hired. — Daylesford Express, 1 December 31. I Fatal Mining Accident. — About two a.m., yes 1 torday, Thomas Hocking met his death in tho claim 1 of the Cornish Company. It would appear that at I this hour ho was engaged with a mato, John 1 Mitchell, in taking down some old slabs, for tho 1 purpose of replacing the:n with stronger ones. After I removing several of tho sets, some of the slabs were i;liJi.nvlwb-'»™ ? .'uaij_auuin . .. v ? , ? ? ? sent down, and the unfortunate deceased was just in the act of ascending again in the bucket, when a quantity of earth and a slab fell upon him from a heightof about forty feet. He was knocked back wards insensible and found lying groaning, his feet' still in the bucket. As soon as possible he was got up to the chamber, but lived only a quarter of an hour. Mr T. Hocking was a brother of Mr Richard Hocking, and was much respected.' The deceased, who was a member of the I.O.O.F., has loft a wife and child to lament his loss. He .was just on the point of assuring his life. At the inquest held yes terday, a verdict of accidental death was returned. — DayUsford Express, December 29. [By Electric Telegraph.] Daylesford, 29th December. Frederick Hockins, of the Cornish Company's claim, was killed this morning, at three o'clock, by the fall of a slab which was accidentally let down the shaft. He died almost instantaneously. Strange to aay, Hocldns had only returned from tho funeral of a brother Odd Fellow on the previous evening. ' TARRENGOWER. Rather too Industrious. — Our attention has been again called to the practice the Chinese have, on somo of tho municipal roads, of sweeping and scraping off every particle of dust and debris for the purpose of washing the same, to extract what little gold it may contain. We can see no fun in the council expending money to put material on the roads merely to let the Chinese take it off. On the road past Seymour's store, the sharp edges of the cleanly swept metal make it not only a caution to the feet of the poor horses, but, in the event of a spill, would present dangers of a different kind. Some years ago, Mr Freeman, then an officer of the council, successfully prevented the nuisance. There would be no reason why the Chinese or others should not be allowed to get gold in this way, but under certain conditions. We believe it to be the practice in some other districts for permission to be given, provided the removers should, in the room of . the stuff taken away, place a sufficient quantity of the tailings, or other material, on the road. Some such plan could easily be adopted here. — Tarren- (jower Times, January 1. GIPPS LAND. Singular Affair at the Royal Standard- Com pany's Claim. — Have you heard about the robbery ait tho Black River? is a question that has been put and answered, during the past few days, by almost every man in our district. We fully expected that the matter would have been brought before the police court ero this, but have lately heard that beyond dismissing the men from the claim, no further action is to be taken. Upon inquiry we find that the reason why .the men who are suspected of the wholesale robbery have not been brought before the police court is, that although gold .has been found in considerable quantities in their possession, still it is impossible to identify it as having been taken from the Royal Standard claim. There is considerable force in this, but at the same time this let alone principle cannot be satisfactory to the shareholders, v.ov to that portion of the men employed on the claim, wlio may be perfectly innocent in tliis matter. The men who aro accused of having stolen the gold from the Royal Standard have been care fully selected by their employers not only for then1 ability as miners, being all Cornish men, but have also been held in hign esteem for their moral and leligious bearing. It therefore becomes necessary, that a full and searching inquiry as to the guilt ? or innocence of the parties suspected should be made, that the disgrace, if any, of this transaction may I fall upon the guilty, and reproach removed from the innocent. We presume that there is much exag geration in somo of the statements that have been made to us ; wo cannot believe that 1200 . (oz of gold could have been taken from the jRoyal Standard Company within so short a time, ?without- the matter oozing out in some shape. One of the principal shareholders, and the manager (Mr ITletcher), we understand, had their suspicions aroused somo. time back, and a close watch was Jcept upon the men. Mr Fletcher, we are informed, with a revolver in his hand, followed some of the men to the Leviathan Creek, and there saw them panning out the gold. A lain where the. stone had beenburnt was also found, but this evidence does not connect the gold with the Royal Standard. That a considerable amount of gold t has been taken from the claim, there can be but little rea sonble doubt. A large quantity was found in the men's huts, and mortars for pounding quartz. 3?or the interest of thoseconnected with the claim, 'the matter ought not to be hushed up, but the nature and extent of the robbery made known as near as possible. In all cases of this land, it is almost im possible to obtain a conviction ; this, however, should not deter injured parties from prosecuting, so that guilty iiorsons may bo exposed, and thus some protection bo given to property, which is so much 'exposed to the depredations of dishonest men. Most -of our readers will remember the large amount of gold that was stolon from the Morning Star and Golden Age claims ; the miners in both these cases got off, but there could bo no moral doubt of their guilt. It does not follow that all rogues should bo so fortunate in evading tho ends of justice. — Wood's Point Times, December 26. ; A ratIeibr amusing incident occurred, yesterday morning, in Sale. It is believed that a certain young m an in our flourishing township applied to one of the chomists for something to cure — not ex actly hcEirfc disease — but a cause of pain with which tho'hearii has a good deal to do. The potion ad ministerpd — it may have boon a love potion — was bitter td' the taste and very unpleasant to tho inner man ; so much so, that this victim to the arrows of Cupid ({ho young rascal) sent post-haste, in all dircctioihs, for the most skilful doctors in Sale. On the arrival of tho doctors they found the patient in greajfc distress (of mind), and immediately, in duo- form, proceeded to feel tho pulse, examine* tho tongue, and generally to inquire- ?!nto thp symptoms of the case ; tho patient all tho tj.mc insisting on speedy action, as ho was sure ho| had been poisoned by strychnine. Tho doctors ihen inquired what color the poison was, and how long it was sinco ho had taken it, to which bhe patient replied that it was five hours since ho had taken it, and that it was of a brown or yellow cjolor. This so upset the equanimity of the doctors, ,'that they burst into roars of laughter and left tho room. Wo trust Angelina will, for the future, lie land and considerate, as perhaps this love sick malic turtle may next timo get hold of something loss innoxious than jalap or rhubarb. — Gyjps Land Times, iOecombor 29. ; HAMILTON. AnotiUer. Canard. — Wo hive heard a . rumor, which is said to havo originated iiv'a reliable quarter, to the effect that, in the anticipated amend ing of the Land Act, an arrangement is to be made by which the squatters will have the tenure of their runs secured to them for eight years, on the under standing that one-eighth of the land is to be liable to sale by auction each year. This, in fact, is equivalent to doing away entirely with the squatting system, by degrees extending over the period mentioned. — Hamilton Spectator, Dec. 29. . THE OVENS, Thrushes at Maryborough. — At daybreak on Thursday morning, a resident near the gaol had tho pleasure of hearing a couple of English thrushes singing in a young sapling near his residenco. To make sure that his ears were not deceived, he arose and went to the bush, and there saw the acclima tised songsters. If others happen to meet with the birds we hope that they will be free from molesta tion. — M. and D. Advertiser, December 28. The Stabbing Case at Beechworth. — The woman Hamilton, alias Cook, charged with at tempting to murder Christian Niemeyer, was again brought up on Thursday, . and further remanded for eight days. Another charge was preferred against her, and although a trivial one, she will in all pro bability receive a sentence for it. She was charged with inflicting a wound on a mate of Niemeycr's about a week previous to the more serious offence. There is now no doubt but that these men know more about the matter than they care to tell, but when they get into the witness box we shall see how they stand examination. — 0. and M. Advertiser. [By Electric Telegraph,] Beechworth, 1st January. Messrs Geoffrey Eagar, Treasurer, and James Martin, Premier, of New South Wales, arrived here overland this morning at nine o'clock, and put up at Sonlby's London Tavern. The lion, gentle men left at one o'clock, and expect to reach Mel bourne on Thursday next. No official demonstra tion was made on their arrival. Report speaks unfavorably of the abolition of the border duties. 