THE BURRUMBEET TRAGEDY. . A coroner's inqtwst was held, on Tuesday, on tho body of the unfortunate James Morton, who had shot off his own head tho previous day. The following evidenco was elicited : — John Mitchell deposed that ho lived at bnr rtunbeet, parish of Haddon, and was a farmer. The deceased was witness's nephew, and re sided in a hut a quarter of a mile off. Ho was n laborer till he took up about forty acres of land. Witness thought him about forty years of age. Ho was a native of Ballymoney, County An trim, North of Ireland. He had 11 wife and three children living, two dead. Ho had been about eight years in tho colony. Wit ness never saw him sines he came back till Monday morning, when he was running from tho police. Tho deceased's wife -iad requested witness, on Sunday, to give information to the police, as the deceased had threatened her life. Witness camo to the camp and reported the matter. Constable Menagh camu out on tho following morning and went direct to Morton's house. They svero nil anxious to seo Morton token away, every one being afraid of him because he had firearms, and threatened to shoot his wife and 1 person in ths house, a lodger, named W. Ferguson. This was about midday, and a great many were standing at a distance, watch ing to see the constable take him away, when they heard two shots fired inside the house. Ihat instant Mrs Morton rushed out ef the loor with a cry, and Morton after her, and ihen constable M«nagh. As tho constable same out he fired at Morton with a revolver, lischarging four shots, Morton to all appear vnco not being hit, at least severely, as he ran m strong till he got to the back of tho treo aear the houso, where ho commenced to load jne of his pistols. Tho constable had passed Morton's wife ou the road, and witness wont jp to her, and seeing her wounded, wished to ;heer her up, and said sho was not seriously wounded. Witness had since ascertained that her wound was not serious. Witness next fol lowed tho constable and saw that ho was wounded on tho left cheek. Witness askod him if he thought ho was mortally wounded, and he said he thought ho was. Wituoss then taiok him into his (witness's) own son's house. The bystanders then told witness to fly, as Morton had said, ' Now for the old man,' meaning that he would shoot witness next. Witness went home and loaded his gun, and then camo out to a fenco along with Mr Fergnson and some others, to watch him. While thero, Morton, who had a double-barrelled gun, fired two gun-shots iu the directisn of witness. Mrs Roes, who resided near where witness was standing, askod him to have a cup of tea ; he went, leaving his gun at the fence. Whilst in her houso witness heard tho report of another shot, and the children came running to tho door and said Morton had shot himself. A score of persons who were about the' place ran to the spot, and tho deceased was lying on his back, with his skull blown oil' nnd brains and all scattered to n considerable distance from the body. Mr Joseph Stonoy, Constable Croasdalo and Mr Ogle, wh# had arrived before witness got for ward, picked up tho scattered skull and brains of the deceased nnd put them into a handker chief. The police had tho gun now produced, which belonged to tho deceased ; tho string To.-''-™--'0' ?t-h°'8S£r m G™ *'h 'his oot. Witness had not heard anyone say that the deceased was seen pulling the trigger ; but it was supposed by those present that he had dono so. Witness then got his cart and sont his son to convey tho remains as might be re quired, the polico being in charge of the body. Witness was afraid, and all the neighbors thought likewise, that the dfteeased was insane for years past. Ho had been away for eight months from home, and had just returned on Saturday evening. He hail previously threatened tho life of his wife, and had been very talkative and talked nonsense. Ho never showed himself vicious towards n»y ono but his wife. Witness had counselled him to quit his evil ?ways, nnd to quit cursing and breaking the Sabbath : and he had taken a disliko to wit ness on that acouut, and wouldn't work with him. To a Juror : Wo thought him both evil disposod and insune. Mary Morton deposed that she lived at Bur rumbcet, and that tho deceased James Mortoa was her husband. Tho land they lived on was taken np under the 42nd section of tho Amend ing Laud Act. In tho month of November last tho deceased began to say that sho was giviug him poison, and that other persons wero getting tho poison for her. He blamed his uncle, Mr Mitchell, for getting it. Witness had not heard him blame any other person. At that time he refused to take any food that witness would cook ; ho was then in the habit of going awny and getting his food elsewhere, and. coming back suddenly. He would also sometimes say that she was going to cut up his head with an axe ; and he was in the habit also of taking his razors, and the smoothing irons, and other things, and putting them under tho bed. When witness got alarmed at that, he would say that ho was pntting them there to keep them out of her way for fear she would get them and injure him. Witness told the Rev. David Reutou, her clergyman, of the matter, and ho wished to have him taken up. Mr Ruuton spoke to him on the subject. The deceased then said ho would leave the country, as he wouldn't star to bo taken to any court. Ho went away then in January, and returned on last Satur day night, comiug into the house about nine o'clock, but he had been in one of tho out houses for some time. On coming in, Mr Fer guson, a lodger, who was stopjung with witness till he got his house built, and who was sitting inside at the time, spoke to him, and asked him if he was comeback. The deceased did not re ply at first, but eventually said, 'I suppose this woman has been a ? to you.' Mr Ferguson said, ' Oh ! shame, Mr Morton, for you to say the like of that.' The deceased then commenced to talk of a horse in the bush. He was very nugry. Witness wished to send for Mr Mitchell. The deceased dared them to send for Mr Mitchell. Tho deceased then gripped her nnd kicked her, and dragged her to the back dosr, and presented a pistol within three inches of her face. Mr Ferguson came to her rescue, but did not got into any scufllo with the deceased, who dragged her into the house again. The deceased then tried to close the door, and have only wit ness and himself iu the room, but sho stood with her back against the dosr till Mr and Mrs Mitchell came. Hs tiien denied that he had a pistol. ~ He talked very curiously, sometimes saying that he had been in Scotland, aud other times he said he had been in NewZealand ; and then ho would say that nobody knew where he had been. He also said his ghost would haunt those who had done him this harm. He then sat down by Uie fire, and witness saw the pistol he had concealed. He then rose and paced through the house with bis hand on the pisto!, and said nobody would over have to st.md against him iu a court, and that tiome boily would fall before lie would fall. Witness then requested Mr Mitchell to send word to tho police. Ou Sunday, the deceased kept rambling in his talk, aud on Monday morning about eleven o'clock, Constable Mcnugh came. Witness told him it was dangerous to go in, ns Morton had a pistol concealed, ;\ml also had powder. The constable said ' no danger.' The constable nnd witness then went in toge ther, and the constable told Morion that wit ness bad 'given him in charge for threatening language, wid for presenting a pistol at her. Morton held np his kni!-i, and said that was *U ho had, nnd that tho constable might gropo his pockets. Tho constable did so, nnd found no pistols, and then told Morton that ho would have to go with him. Morton said he would like to havo his dinner first, and to hnvc a horse to ride, nnd he sent his boy to bring in tho horse. The boy was long of coming with tho horse, and tho constable was beginning to get tired of waiting. Morton got ready to go. He then went into tho bedroom anil returned, and asked witness if sho would put the saddle on a horse that witness had got the loan of from Mr Rees. Tho constable told him that he could put it on himself. Witness then noticed the pistol in tho deceased's hand, and heard him say he was sorry to havo it te do, but tho constable w;-.a a dead man, und with that the deceased presented tho pistol at him and tired. Tho deceased was leaning against a partition in the same apartment. On being struck with tho shot tho constable fell in tho fire. Witness hud not had time to give tho alarm te tho constable. The deceased then turned round and fired a pistol at witness as sho made towards the door, the ball striking her on tho back of the head nnd rebounding off the bone. Tho wound was not dangerous. Witness theH ran to Mr Mitchell's place, and sho beard tho constable firing four shots, ns sho thought, nt Morton, but she wtis stupified, and couldn't see or hear very well. Tho con stable then enmo to Mitchell's, nnd told them all to fly, as he wns not ablo to fire ngnin. Wit ness then fled to Mr Recs' place, nnd shortly nfter wards heard that the deceased had shot himself. Witness had seen him return to tho house, but had not seen hini bring out the gun. Tho double-barrelled gun produced belonged to the deceased ; it had not been kept loaded iu tho house. Witness had been married twelve years to the deceased. They were married in Irvine, in Ayrshiro, Scotland, nnd had been eight years in tho colony. In reply to tho police, witness said that tho deceased never had any pistols before he went awny. Tho pistols now produced were those she saw with tho deceased when ho came back. [The pistols, which were loaded, wore apparently n new urace, single-barrelled.] The -lcceased was not accustomed to drink, nnd was a temperato man. John Mitchell, jun., deposed that he resided close by tho place referred to, nt Burrumbeet, nnd wns a farmer. He had seen decoasod, who was his cousin. Witness hero described the attempted nrrost, and it was simply n corro boration of the evidence already given on that point. Witness eventually saw the de ceased go into his houso, and ho subsequently came out with tho gun in lr.s hand and ii child iu his nrms, and he walked liko n sentry in front of his houso for a time, nnd went in nud out. He then waved his hand round his head and said something, but witness wns eleven or twelve chains away, and couldn't hear what it was. Witness then saw, us 'it we're, tho muzzlo of tho gun up nud tho stock down, and heard the gun go off, nnd then the deceased fell. Witness supposed ho had palled tho trigger with his foot by means of the string on the gun now produced. [Sergeant Lynis here explained to the jury that only ono of the barrels of tho gun had been discharged ; tha other was not loaded.] Witness proceeded to say, that when ho went forward to tho place the body of the deceased was lying on tho ground, the bend having been blown away. The police, who had come forward, had tho gun, and they gathered up the scattered remains of the deceased's head, and put them into a handkerchief. Tho body wns tUen put into a dray, nnd brought to Carngham. Ton juror: I su.v tho child after wards, quite snfe. I suppose ho had laid it down, though I didn't notico Mm. Tho jury return=d a verdict us follows : — ' We find that tho deceased J.umos Morton did, on the 9th day of September, 18G7, at Burrumbeot, felonionsly, wilfully, and of malice aforethought, blow his head off, by dis charging a londed gun nt his head, nnd of which mortal wound he then nnd thero died.' 