"un9 LODONtLETTERS. LITERAT JU, FOR- THE MONTH. . ai .;,Jan. 1867." 211e Life of David Roberts,' R.A. stands first ontlhe list this;monthl. It lis been fromshis journals and othen isoulces ;byJmsn~llillantineL; himself nOtmdariabtlstbi *sndt ontiionetiniscolo7 tboliid friosid.r Ninjo ,etabings! facrsimili~to~e Ir;&siinkiaketchse; by thear ndi.um ptuous getting sui, make this aehandsome solumes'and suitable for the season. ,~Roberts was not "born lucky"':as lhe thought' he 'ws; but with a naturalitalent) grdat poworifor work,'and ini ,domitable perseverance,: le rose, from .a very lowly position to bo'theofirst ofBritish archi tectural painters.. 'Ho was a Scotehman; the' 'son of aworking shomnaklerliving near.Edin burgh,' who 'only:dthought that he should " learn to makeaaitl' mend' shooni" '.! Being very poor- his education was;necosearily.-very meagre; but he soon showed aptitude; for sketching. 'Thiswaa'seen byan employer of *hisfather's, and'the'result'of'hias intervention, wasthat the lad was Spjirehticedwt s aetous& painter,Ifroodwhomi!he might learn thesneains of livelihood, and in whose employ he might gratify his naturaltpate. ,From scratobing "n-the whitewashed kitchenjwall, swith.the' endofa burnt stick enl a bit of keel,", he ad-' vanced to the copying of drawinge lent him by'nglady. Ie alsq.found some companions with;like testes, who ; helped and encouraged one another in tho' ursuit of drawing, and painting., At~ the, cose of his apprenticeship he became painter of' scnes to a strolling company of; equestrians, and'; actors, occa "sionally, taking' part in ,the performances. Som t thus pissed, during which Robes C1 umade, sketches of bits qf cathedrals ind public "iiildings wlerever ho went. Fo'r s few minoth le ,was scene painter., of. an Edinburgh theatre, contracting i: life-long friendship'wtlikClarksonl Stnfleld, his rival. His, frst exihibition was of three oil paintings at the" Edihnurgh Exhibition in 1822-two of which'were sold. Thence liewbnt to the Coburg Theatre and Drury Lane,; retaiing' his regul'ar onploymeontt as scene painter; .ut at the same time working hard, at paiitings; for exhibition. From that time he -was in 'cssittly em'ploycd, working very hard, re ceiviA' numerous commissions, and, eeiuring 'a high jiosition, igether with a' competency 'which ' raiediim' above care. Henceforth his life wa ', a"cotinuous eareer of prosjity and comfort, of honio anmid happiness. , lie died in 1864,"ai the ago of 68. Earl `Russell publishes a third , vol. of 'TAe'Lir, arid' times of. O.arles James Fox '(Bentley) embracing the stormy period of our rupture with the 'French Republic, end' the later years of Pitt's life-1793-1800. hie pet Fx took'diuinjthits peiioi'dis fully fnar rated : liow" he''and'Burko sbpiarated froin each other, never to be. reconciled; hied td' cope with Nreolutionary societies'at home, as well ak ,i otiiusiiibroad;' how' ihi navywaisfill.hust in a statd'of 'mutiiuy'froiii want" aid. wrong; 'how Nelson: gained. his victories; how the Irish rebellion Was fol lowed 'by Union with Greot' Britiin; 'how Fox retired from public affairs, to' eijoy the evening of life in peace. " There can be no `doubh,' says his biographlir, "that, Fox en joyed'this period of retirement' and 'iteriry study more than any, other' part of Ihis life. He wais a man without malignity, envy, or 'the 'sordid pa-ts of ambition; his famo as an orator couldihardly be increased 'hoe 'loved 'his'wife with a' devoted affection, which, was as 'fondly' ;returned;, and list passion ,for for flowers, and for a rural life was tise." He ied in 1806 Enjlish. t)Aarchantsf Meimoirs in illustra tibt'nof 'the' Progress of British Conimnerco, by H. B.' Fox Bonnie, 2 vols. (Bentley); is a capital' book,' eluciditing chaeacter and show 6 thed progress of commierce. T'lhe bdok really begins with the history of the Do la Poles, dukes of Suffolk, prosperous Bull mer chants in'th& tiin'" of .Edwaird IIt '"'The great traders hi all parts of the land (not in cluding Irelandiur)°ilh their' "very' selfish oey very worldlyl wisdom;~ now end then," lur ber'ranged in order2' A's'tiey peas in review one is struck by the divefsity ''of character,' ad less by the diversity of methods of " getting on.' "The veil' is drawn' aside from the commercial life 'of the country, 'and young meni may. find ,profit and amusement tooin 'conning' these' voilmes, which. show row English' mercharits'hiave beoenmade, and whit'they have indide their country to be.' Mr;' Shii, tio'" SpecialCorrespondent," has reprintedlis contrilbutions in two volumes; under the titlo;From' Waterlo' to the Pen-s susla: Four Moniths' Hard Labor ii Belgium, Bhlhid;" Germiny, ind Spain" (Tinsley) Fresh; racy, descriptive. Mr. ffala'xs a'tapital; oinpanion for stay at home travellers One could not have a better guide for poating ouit tous the Continent as it is, 'and. desenibing tbe'chiauhcters' he meets' with, as they too rd'mblo'about from laid'to land. ''' A 'Titeri with the ',Swallows,' by Matilda B.' Edwards .(Hiirst aind "Blackett), is' the title of a glowing; grapbiq account of'Algeria Ther'ro is very little about tbe' swallows, but tliedr'is a capital deseriptiosi of a visitation of'lociustsa-one hinA il.last year-such as h'ai'iot befallen Algiers for twenty-two years Hire 'are very pleasant, chapters about shoji= ping; 'a Dissanda Fete in honior 'of ."that poor and pious Mahoinetan saint,;who'ii the desert" commanded his hungry followeir to eat scorpions and they would be nourished; cactus' eaves 'and "they would "ec ' 'o harm; buitang.coals and their faith would bo rewarded." 'Also dsliout' an"excursion' into Kaby'lia, anothbr to the Ceda*Forest, another to the Trappists, and 'inother.to CherchelL It' is ''very sunny' book, ibout a' sunny Ldg~sndary' FidIions' ef the" Iris's Celts, collected and iserated ,by Patrick .Kennedy (1snald 'hiacusiillsai). 'AThe6'ftctioins are ar ragdin five groups- Houseiiold' Stoilep, Leeds of the Fairies, Tales of Witcelienft, Sorcery,- Ghosts,'! and Fetohes," bssianio ' aid other early:Romances; and- Legends of the' Celtic Saints: ,The most ttruly Irish are the Ossianio tales which gather. round Fion, who sesmissto have lived aibotit 250 A.D:. These, were narcated 'bhy bards land' storytellers ,o1seroy.petthey. ldo1 getan audience,,fpem fa courtto a cottage. Here there. are upiwards of ahfiiudred tales well told.;with genuine ti~fh'huniuW,:chntiibbitinig totthe amiusemnent of apeassin hobrand notaitithout interest to the arseol9gist who, delights.inrfolk lore. The' popular'authoress of the Chronicles of the Schonberg Cotta Fathily has just puli lished (throuh Nole oni nand Sons, Gs Gd) a now storyin' 'one` thick "vol.,' "entitled 2he .Dratonst and 'the1Davenante, astory.of, the Civil Wars, which promises to be as popular. is aniy-of its pi dedessors 'It is written in' that" pdculiar.' 'realistic :'style' which' the iiJthoress has' mado her own, and wiich'is'so elsective in reproduicing the smanners.and the piritofnbygori dines. . It i'scenes are laid both" ibing lahd ididnitho Anierican clo ies iii ioays of 'Charles: I; and tho-Com !nbnwealthl; mutch of itbeingein thli forx hof1 clhoies "'supposed to, be k~pt by some of, the' 'lli .t,m in wvhich` 'the hiistorilcal events of' the tinie hre iterivoven with the more io mediate 'particulars:of ' the 'talew:vith -Defoe like minuteness.,of. detail' and. air; of. re .abty .Y Mrs. Charlesworth has also issued (See 'Idy's) tA 'Begqel 'ta 'Ministering Children.' It equals its predecessor, in interest, carrying on the incidents and,describing the lives nn troduced ini the former volume. The `sa'ie kinidly tender spirit 'ind the' ssarie dh'arn"ing style...will- secure for'this 'volume'a hearty reception. Messrs. Jackson, Walford, and ' Hodder have just published ;very, nice book for children-The' Story ef Jesus in Verse, by' Edivi Hodder (S' d).'. ,It' is beautifully' got up; in paper,. printing,.,, binding, and' illustrations. The author says, "Children love d jingle' f words;" but these verses are not more jingle.' There is a happy adapto-' tion not only of the narrative but of the very` words of the Scripture narrative; which ;will help to' familiailso the minds of the young with different 'events' in the life of Jesus. Next 'to "confortiiity 'with the 'Scripture nar. rative we. want to ascertain if the book will 'interest the young. 'To ascertain this we' renid it to' our little ones and they' were de-' lighted: i .. , , t. , ' , -1 . { Old .Aterry's Annual, issued by the same firm, is one of the best gift books for boys and girls, and takes rank 'in advance of our old'friend Peter Parley. It is full of capital stories, travels,. and riddles. " 'But books for the young are endless, so also are gift books of the season, which by the way is now nearly over.' Among the host of nbvels issuing from the press the following; are "'worth reading-sir ,Brook Foseerooko, by Chas. Lever (3. vole;, 24si, Blackwood), one of " Harry Lorrequer's" very' best. 'Air Julian's -Wife, by E. T. Worboise (5s, Virtue), 'a good plot. - Love and DButy, by the' author of "Basil St.. John" (Edmonston and Douglas)., .Pauli Massie, a romance (3 vols., Tinsley). Gemmjee, a novel by T. A. Trollope (2 vole., Chap man and Hall), a capital revelation of private life in Italy.. Christie's .Faith, by the author of Mattie, a stray (3 vole., Hurst. and Blackett). 'Hugh' Br an, the autobiography of an Irish' Rebel (Triibner).' Rachel's Se cret, by the author of "' The Master of Merton" (3 vols., Hurst and Co.) ihe Philosophy of the Conditioned, by H. L. Mansel, 'B. D. (Stiaban), is a reprint with 'expansions of articles, that appeared in 'the' Contemporary Reviewo. Mansel v. Mill,; so the controversy rages over Sir.Wm. Ham ilton Elihu Burritt has written another cha racteristio' :work ''on The 'Mission 'of 'Great Su/lerings (Low and Co.) It is a series of sketches, exquisitely, drawn, but wanting con ;tinuity. ' Mr. Thackeray's Paris Sketch' Book, one of 'his earlier works: and long outr of print,'has just been reprintedhby Messrs. Smith,, Eldon, end Co., price Ge. 'As'a matter of interest in In1dia, 'attention mky be drawn to the publication of the fol hoving pamphlets :-" The Mysore Reversion, an Exceptional Case," by Major Evans: Bell; second edition, with remarks on the Parlia mentary papers; and a few words to Mr. -R. D: Mangles. " Remarks on the Mysore Blue Book, with a few words to. Mr: R. D. Man gles, byMajorrEvans Bell' (Turbnerand Co),' "Adoption versu,, Anunexation," with re marks on the Mysore Question : by Vish warrat h Narayan Mandlik (Smith, Elder, and Co).." 'The pamphlets written at various' pe riods by the late Mr. Colden have been re printed in 'two volumes. ' Some of thein created considerable sensation when they first appeared,' (among others,. one on ".Russia") and haye for some time' been out of 'print. Mr. Ridgway will publish the work. The Rev. Edward Hinks, D.D., the great linguist, passed-a'waiy on '3rd December. He possessed a marvellous power of deciphering inscriptions in unknown characters and languages. Cautious add''coiiiiciintiousnieais, with mmre learnin'g, he vas highly esteemed as an, au thority oil Egyptian and Assyrian hierogly phici, which ho'studied and elucidated , with very great success." Many of his wiritings have, appea-ed 'in' the Transactions of the Royal irish Academy. Mr. Charles Knight, having 'doid with the " Old'Booksellers," has just` published through Messrs. Routledge and Sons "Half hours'with the best letter writers end auttgiobraphel /' fdining a'eollection of memoirs' and'anicdotes of eminent persons. Thd colle'ction bdgins'with the letters of James Harnell,'of the limo of James I and" Charles I, and is 'such' oh lifnusiog v olume, as the hinstusiocir conifpiler'kslows how to make it. I(essrs? Nisbet'exd Cot have issued a beauti fully printedd, 5nd exqsiisitely boiund edition of Dr. Bonas'shiymnsofFaithend Hope--~somatof most tender and chaste hymns in the 'lan guage. .Annals of Clis's Hospil Iform its foundation to the present time, and of the Original Conventual Church of the Grey Friars: biy a Blue : with 6 photogr-ipl (10s. .d."- Lothian), is a pleasant monogram which will interest all who have read Elias' delight ful reminiscences of his school days: The publishers of Enquiro Within upon Every thing are propiring. a new , edition with which copies already issued, will state, reach the' extraordinary number 'of 325,000. Mr. John' Morley has succeeded Mr. G. H1. Lowes, as editor of the 'Frtnightly Review. ,Mr. - Morley was once editor of the . defunct Literary Gazette, and is understood to be is frequent and '-valued contributor to ' the Saturday Reviewr,. and the author of an 'admirably series of essays, which, tinder, the title of- Modern Characteristics, were some twelve months , since' re-pirinted from ,that periodical. The -Fortnightly, which has hitherto confined itself to graver matters, contains the beginhing of a newestory by Mr. 'Whyte Melville, entitled: The White, Rose. *Hehgeforth the Review will appeiar monthly. The first number of the .Exposition Illut'ree will be published in Puars early this month. The first volume, which will be divided into 12 'parts, toeappear during the fitat four months 'of the year, will contain a description of the Exhibitioni building and the private and public establishments in'the park. The second volume will give engravings of the most striking articles bxhibited, with a a general view of each class, and will appear during April, May, and June, in 38 parts. The third volumo will be entitled Festes de l'Ezrposition Illustree, and will treat princi pally of the prizes distributed to exhibitors, the fetes, &c.; This publication is to be translated into the language of every nation represented at -the Exhibition. The exclu sive right of publication has been purchased by M. Dentee for.503,000 franes. " Twigs for Nests, or Hints for Nursery Nurture" '(Nisbet) is a wise book, from which parents may learn very much for the benefit of their little ones. Mr. Stock publishes a Cominentary, on St. Matthew's Gospel, by Eusteice Condor, M.A., which 'is admirably adapted for family and Sunday School use far in advance of Barnes,-not so scholastic as Alford. Dr.'Hanna issues (through Ed monstoe & Douglas) a worthy companion vol. to " The Last Days of our Lord's Passion," bearing the title " The Passion Week "; it is in 'the doctor's very best style. A new monthly .publication, bearing the title The Newspaper Press, proposes to be the organ of intercommunication between all persons in any way connected with "the press;" it is beautifully printed, sells at 3d, and discusses all questions and gives all news relating to its province at home and abroad. The Patriot and '.The 'British Standard newspapers are now merged in The English Independent, which. will henceforth be the organ of the Congregationalists, Mr. Turberville taking the 'helm. The new Roman Catholic weekly paper isto be called The Westminster Gazette. According to the Stationer, Mr. Cole, for some years secretary to Mr. Chas. Kean, is the writer of some able papers headed " Be hind the Scenes" in the Standard, and Mr. Whiting is "The Costermonger" of the Evening Star. Messrs. M'Millan & Co. hav ing achieved'so splendid a success with their " Globe" 'edition of Shakespeare, of which thoy have sold nearly 80,000 copies, announce their intention of continuing the series and forming a ." Globe Library" . of the greatest aumthors in the world; among those already in the press are Milton, edited by Professor Masson; Burns, edited by Alex. Smith; and Scott, edited by Mr. Palgrave. The 'British Quarterly opens with an his torical resum6 of " Froudo's Reign of Eliza beth." The next article is on "TThe Chinese Classics," which are in course of translation and publication at Hong Kong, by Dr. Legge. Of the 7 vols. to be published, 3 have appeared. The first of these contains the Confucian Dialects, the Great Mein, and the Doctrine of the Mean; the second the Works of Mencius; the third, in two parts, the Shoo King, Se. "The. Shoo King," or Book Classic, is a collection of historical documents said "to lia'e' ben airranged by 'Confucius. There is a narrative portion prefixed to most of 'the books of which. it is composed; but this generally consists of only a few words, rarely of more than a single sentence, and Di.' Legge thinks these short preflatory no tices may have been the work of the com piler.. The vastly;largerportion of thie classic is made up of speeches addressed by emperors to'their ministers, and vice versa, and some times by an emperor to' his people. Dr. Legge doubts the statement generally assumed to be correct as to Confucius being the com piler, and lie discusses the question of author sliip,, 'nd that of chronology, with a pains taking research which extends along the whole course ,of' Chinese. literature. This classic is the great fountain whence Confucius and' Mencius drew many of their favorite thoughts and most of those examples which they maintained all should seek' to imitate, if they wished to attain to high intellectual and moral excellence. The lofty pretensions made 'by his disciples on behalf of Confucius were never put forward by himself; hie always disclaimed originality as a teacher. "I was not, born with knowledge : I loved the ancients, and seek it in their books." "I am a transmitter, and not a maker; I believe in and 'love the ancients."' Confucius was very. far , from being of an enthu siastio temperament; but his admiration of the ancients was intense. Mencius, too, wiMl unsparing in his praises of these paragons lof wisdom and virtue; none but Confucius could hope to equal them; and nothing remained for other men but a distant .and heemble imitation. In Chinese estimation SMendis comes nearest to these realised ideals . of. exceilence. .' . . . Of these two celebrated men Dr. Legge has given as minute 'accounts as' we amt well'hole to' ob tain..... ....Dr. Legge' view of the character of Confucius is not a very flatter ing one: "I hope I have not done hint in justice; . but after a long study of his character and opinions, I am unable to re gard him as a great man. He throw no light on any of the questions which have a world wide , interest. He gave no impulse to religion. He had no sympathy with progress. His influence has been wonderful, but it will henceforth wane. My opinion of him is that the faith of the nation will speedily and ex tensively pass away." . Mencius sways no such sceptre is that wielded by Confucius. Dr. Legge's estimate of himn is higher than that generally adopted among the Chinese. Ho compares him with the mightysmen of ancient Greece; with his con temporaries, Plato, Aristotle, Zeno, Epicurus, Demosthenes, and thinks his in tollectual stature is not inferior to those glorious . representatives of the most in tellectual and civilized communities in Western antiquity.'! Of the general character of Dr. Legge's work, the reviewer remarks: "It will thus be seen how amply the student of Chininse ihtraturti is furnished at once with valuable instruments, aind with instructions how to }sse them. We need scarcely say that the translation is a trustworthy one. The version as a whole is admirable, both for its faithfulness, its perspicuity and for the manly and vigorous English which is em ployed throughout the volumes. If missionaries andotherswho wish to acquire the Chinese language do not make far greater and quicker progress than their predecessors, the blame will certainly not lie at Dr: Loggo's door." Als article of "Ritualism, Past and Present," deals far more with the present than the past. A claim is put in for the in terference of the bishops with the ritualists; but on the other hand it is ahlirned that men should not be restrained from free action in the worship of. God. The law is shown to be against the ritualists ; so also are the Scrip tures. "Persons who wish its to believe that it is religious reverence which prompts them to this folly,` deceive themselves. True rever once for Jesus Christ would show itself in quite another manner. " The New Testament is the will of our Lord-Ilis testamsent ; and how do men show their reverence for the will of the dead I Clearly by doing their best to ascertain what that will really is, and then by carrying it faithfully into effect, adding nothing to it, taking nothing from it. But in place of this; ritualists call our attention away from the last supper as .dispensed by Christ, and pointing to the stage-play of popish mass, they say-' There, that substantially is how the thing should be done.' Reverence ! reverence for the will of the dead I But the proceedings of such me11 betray as much want of reverence for the truth of Christ 11s for his will in other respects. What but a low up prehension of the great facts which constitute the doctrines of the Gospel could allow men to suppose that it is in their power to make those doctrines more clear and impressive by the tawdry milliuiery and the theatrical in ventions which many are now bringing to them ? True reverence, on. the contrary, would compel them to shrink from anything of the sort as from so much proflueation. To expect more devoutness from gazing on a crucifixion than from asacnding imagination the real Calvary, and seeing with the mind's eye the true cross and the living suffvrer, is to concede greater potency to fiction than to fact, to act at the command of men, than to the truth as used by God. In reality there is a childish weakness indulging all such de vices which may lead the feeble into super stition, but which must often drive the strong into scepticism. Hence the scepticism so common, among intelligent men in all Catholic countries." " Shakespeare's Sonnets, never before interpreted; his private friends identi fied; together with a recovered likeness of himself," by Gerald.Massey, is the text book of an interesting article on " Shakespear in Domestic Life." It closes thus : " We have little information respecting the last years of Sllakespeare's life, save that they were prospered and honored. Although no longer personally connected with the stage, 11e still continued to write for it; and11 his fine plays on Roman History, and his "Timon of Athens" belong to this his latest penned. It were greatly to be wished that some additionel information respecting our chief poet might be found; meanwhile, re joiced should we be if these remarks might do some service in resoruing his me11ory front tile unmerited charges so recklessly cast upon it, and aid in proving .that in his domestic relations, the ' gentle Shakespeare,' like the knight of chivalrous romance, was not only above reproach, but beyond suspicion." Miss Whately's " Life lid Correspondence of the Archbishop" forms the subject of another paper. , Her work "is at least a profile, though 'a deeply interesting one." "George Eliot" is next reviewed; her literary charac teristics are described. "Adam Beds" is estiimated as not ranking as a work of art, with such novels as the Antiquary, or Guy Manuering. ' The Mill on the Floss' is the most wonderful literary workmanship we have hall fronl the hand of George Eliot. ' Silas Marner' possesses consummate excel lence as an effort of genius and i1 work of art. ' Romola' is the most unsatisfactory. The judgment of ' Felix Holt' is unfavorable. There is ai long article on "The United States since the war ;" a short touching one on " Bishop Cotton," and another on "Re form." (2o be continued). The ?delboosme corresponlent of the Geelong' Register says :-The large yield In the trny of epples and fruit generally is surprising. Of apples, certainly one of the largest I hove ever hmesd of was, according 10 relishble suthority, (Sf this teloetog dlimeesions:-IL m1easuredh t8) lnch~es in chroomferesce snd 5 inche, ill Ieiglht. I hase moyreli Been ,semeal mlealsulin 12 fIlches to 14 Ildhis tocircumfereoce and 4 Inches is hmcight. The thasoar was aloe of the trest rerhercell quality. 