EAGLEHAWK POPULAR READINGS. Last night the eighth of the series of these entertainments at the Town Hall, Eaglebawk, was extremely well patronised, there being up wards of two hundred persons, including chil dren, comfortably seated. The Rev G. W. Watson occupied the chair, and, after a few prefatory remarks as to the advantages of the popular readings movement, called upon Mr Thomas Eyre, who, in a very effective manner, read the "Lay of St Odille" "from the Ingoldsby Legends. Mr Henry Wrixon followed with a reading of Moore's "Ghost of Miltiades," which wsb deservedly applauded. He was succeeded by Mr George Reade, who selected Hood's "Eugene Aram," to which he did justice. Then Mr Fry gave a recitation of " Lord Ullin's Daughter," by Campbell, which the audience seemed highly to appreciate. A reading of Bell's "Mary Queen of Scots," by Mr Miles, followed, and afterwards came the song of " Molly Asthore," very well rendered by Mr Tuck. " Anthony's oration over the dead body of Caj.«ar" was spiritedly read by Mr Morris, and Mr Rains then gave " Pretty Polly Perkins" in so ludicrous a maimer that the audience encored him, when be lang the "Irish Emigrant." The reading, by Mr Wills, of "The Bashful Man" kept the company'in a state of hilarity Messrs M'Eachern and liains, with the violin and concertina, played "The Last Rose of Summer," very creditably, and upon a re demand, gave "Ye Banks and Braes." A nicely read portion of Scott's "Lady of the Lake," by Mr Mouat, followed, and Mr Fry then gave a recitation of Hood's " Ben Battle," which elicited considerable applause. Mr Stephens gave a reading of '' The Disabled Soldier," by Gold smith, being succeeded in turn by Mr Tuck, who sang in o tasteful manner, " The Moon Behind the Hill," The laughable recitation of " The Frenchman and the Rate," was given by Mr Wills, after which Mr Ilenry Wrixon was again called upon to read, and he chose a portion of " Handy Andy," the comicalities of which occasionally convulsed the audience with laughter.' Mr Thomas Eyre wound up the readings for the evening with one of the celebrated " Caudle Lectures," and Mr Hopkins then came forward to propose a vote of thanks to the chairman, which was carried by acclamation, and the performances closed with the " National Anthem." Mr Stephens presided at the piano during the enter tainment. Dbatk in tub IIosfitai,.—An Arabian, named Kool Fan, who was admitted into tho Hospital, from Eaglchawk, on the 31st August, died in that institution yesterday afternoon from disease of the lunga and liver. Tub Charms or Music.— A rather romantic case of elopement has occurred at Dunolly, ac cordiug to the report of the local journal, which refers to the matter in the following modest terms:—"It is said that a well-known profes sional musician, lately engaged at a public con cert-room here, has retired with the daughter of a publican residing near Dnnolly. The professor has been teaching the young lady music for some time past. She left home to attend church on Sunday evening, aud both parties have since been non est." Dismissal or Mb Wariikn Lowtiieb.—We see by the In^leuiood Advertiser that a rumor, which for the last few days had been goiug the rounds of Inglewood, that Mr Lowther, Police Magistrate aud Warden, had been dismissed the public scrvice, turns out to be correct. The local journal regrets the dismissal of Mr Lowther from his position, aB a highly respected and able Police Magistrate and Warden, as an unfortunate cir cumstance for the interests of the district. Mr Lowther, it may be recollected, was Assistant Warden in this district for some tiino, and has always borne the character of being an able and zealous public servant. Lawiibnce's Aboriginal Cricketers arrived at Warrnambool on Tuesday. A cricket match will lie played with the Warrnambool Club on tho 2nd and 3rd of October, and on the -lib a number of athletic sports will take pluce. A match will be commenced at Geelong on the 11th, and afterwards matches will be played at Hal larat, Bendigo, aud Castlemaine; aud the team will reach.Melbourne in time to play on the Mel bourne grouud during tbc stay of Prince Alfred. 