•avj,; HOME LETTERS. XETTEE. OfotOtf OOE Ofaf dOBSBSPONDENT.) LONDON, JraS 26. Ptt$S has so completely taken the shine out of FlngKaAd this year—and indeed we may say ' ou)S oftht whole world—that I think the Court chronicler woulii findit to his aoeount to inm&ie;[ to, that city of pleasure for the summer.' What with the Exhibition, and the flies, and the rush of crowneid heads on the one side' tbe water, and the absenoe of our Court, on this side the water, in Scotland dutoQg the very height of the season, it is no Wonder that we are a trifle dull. There does cot seem to be that energy in Western Ldndon that usually prevails at high spring tide, ^though there is a goodly number of I pebpieln town, and a fair succession of dinners, ballq, and concerts. For another thing, the weather is anything but propitious; it is not exactly Wet, but it is not sunny, and the cloUds' persist in veiling the faoe of the sun from us day after day. Indeed, were it not for the long twilight, one might fancy it to be April instead of June. However, I hope that the sun is reserving himself for the Sultan and the Belgian volunteers, both of whom have promised to visit us, the former after his excursion to Paris. I hear he is to be lodged excursion to Paris. I hear he is to be lodged as regally as we can manage it in Buckingham palacie;'and not to be sent to the public-house round the corner, as people will persist in caUingthe hotel which serves as a royal lodging house and tap-room. London will put her best leg foremost to look clean—gay she never can'tpbk—for the occasion, and the corpora tion are really coming out in amazing strength. The Helgiane, I am glad to see, will be enter tained in a style befitting the hospitality which 'they showered down upon us, though at pnp time, the response to the calls for sub scriptions was so meagre, that it seemed likely that every visitor would have to pay his own expenses. But allfear of such reproach on our cakes and ale is now removed ; and apart from the 'professional business of the day, a really interesting Beries of visits and fetes is planned, including one to'Windsor, and another to Hiss Burdett Coutts. Chatsworth, and other of our English palaces, have, also sent ont invitations, but the. distance will preclude any bub home entertainments. The Agricultural ball is to be utilised tor a grand ball, at which the Sultan will be present; the Crystal Palace will light up its most brilliant fireworks; and a.Reform League meeting will be held in Trafalgar-square, to show our guests how comio and yetJ hdw dreary we can be when we like. One j thing I do hope, that a deputation of street ruffians will opt be allowed to wait either on the j Sultan or the Belgian^ for the audacity of these j barkened villains is such, that no is safe from' tlieir pressing attentions, and they no . doubt will feel that it is an opportunity too gobd to he lost to investigate the comparative merits of English' and Belgian watches. Seriously speaking, it is rather a disgrace to j our' municipal organisation that we cannot keep our roughs in better order. Black sheep there will be in a huge population like ours, but as "their habitats and customs are well known, they ought to be .restrained with a firmer hand. - On the occasion of the march of the gallant London Militia, with that veteran Alderman Wilson at their head, it redly was a question whether the chance of foreign invasion was not better than the eer-, tainty of a hompr sttsck nod the loss of all one's valuables. Bu£ the corps may con gratulate itself oh being commanded by a martinet, whom nothing.can lead away from bis stem sense of duty. Perhaps these rabid attacks op society may be accounted for by : eome afapoipherie influence, which most be at .j worhthls Imonth, inciting men to fight, for j the're liave been, inaddition to these sporadic , frays, three distinct tights. One of course was in Ira&md; W*tct&rd; th" time opening the; bali with a lively gperiUa attack on the polioe —'Jr..' ' 1 whpba^'^badlyp kajrihg to fight tfarw wsy through a nairpwTlpne,which was oocimanded, by &e; wfipMllq^si^ hooked up byasptondid, depot of paving stones.^ Than dame the Bimiiiighis Hot^fe which Mr. Murphy and 2iis-'lsb«raatsh) fbBotftrs'bay 'congratulate pby$$«|[y it wiU take yetriJ^aeaoyf., Osrtaiofr liberty of speech ia rari^tbanamsaing'rtrtentlnttis country, * public plaoesfpr thVla^y^a^ j vie extreme that they ehouldtryand prevent tjhjir opponents' haying ah froingsj andis £' am "a lo^er ol fimr^ pjay, f erftafiiaelj j grpt&pd; J^',fiad\'piu£' some of .file\officials jol i the fragilei^ameoutof ihelr^ iliith'vlu'^bef ' 4 esery ed, viz., ,a ' blaok! eye spd a ruby nose. I copfess that'it looks very mpqb as it the league were afraid that anybody 'shouidspbak but themselves. -Btnb illa ldc%ryi^at ifr. Howells. Tbey had much better.'freejj oyer, tbe revelations of the trades anions, as we have at length succeeded in eliciting thpm at Sheffield. After reading such a tissue of! horrors, one feels inclined to a&'whether our boasted educatiqp and civilisation are not altogether a mookery.and whether we are not in reality a nation of vampyres or ghosts. Such a dreadful confession as that of Broad head I never could have imagined, and if our working-men of Bngland , have been lending themselves in ever so indireot a manner to, countenancing murder, it needs no further reason why our trade is leaving thiscountry, fend why the prestige of Old Bngland id so fast waning. If we were living in the Scriptural ages, Sheffield would be razed to the ground, her site ploughed up as an accursed place, her very stoneB crying out against her. Of course, now everything has come out, the various unions are hastening to denounce Broadhead and exculpate themselves. It is clear that he was a bold, determined man who was murderer-in:chief to the union, hut ifanybody were to try and make me believe that the unions were not to a certain extent cognisant of the hellish eyBtem, cre&at; Judcsu*. Perhaps, now the system iB exposed, we shall hear of no, more " rattening," hut it is almost too late to recall the con fidence and hearty good will that used to ' characterise our relations as employer and employed. Let .us turn to the veiy antithesis of this dreadful subject, and congratulate our- ; selves that the Princess of Wales is. fast regaining her health, and is almost able to dispense with the mechanism which she has so j long been obliged to wear. The Queen, too, J although we missed her sadly during her trip . to Scotland, is now returned, and is going' to review tbe troops in Hyde-park, who will comport themselves all the better for having Majesty again at their head. There has been a good deal of stupid gossip and discussion . about Her Majesty's retirement, which, perhaps, had better be avoided. She knows well enough how her subjects look forward to her re-appearanoe in society, and if aha. really feels equal to it, I am'certain that would be quite enough incentive to her to take her place again. And as to the city of London suffering from the absence of the Court, I don't believe a word of! it. The hoax about the Queen founding a convalescent' hospital was a cruel one, and the inventor of it deserves to spend hie life in one for his meanness and folly. At all events, nobody has ever thought otherwise than with pride and satisfaction at the ^benevolence that has characterised the English Court during the present reign. The London, Chatham, and Dover Bail way Com pany have been quite put into the shade by that of the Brighton and South Coast tine, the directors of which have been awfolly shown up and castigated by the committee' of inquiry, with Lord Westbuiy at thejr h&d-; .His lordship may be trusted to rate pretty soundly, when he does begin. If all is true,Then the Brighton directors are a set of sooundrelS, who have not had the catenas* even tocOok their acoo unts property, and have b&ti;'obliged to take refuge In taradiddles to keep the Indig nant shareholders off the prehfc Surely if the Prayer-book was re-written, the Communipn Service ought to contain a corse on railway directors who embezzle thb savings of the widow and orphan—for it is a moreheinous otfence than removing their neighbour's land mark, who fs generally as richas themselves. However, there may be an explanation, and *ithe public is requested to suspend ttyeir judgment," which I Bhd 'is' the' proper ' phrase on each 'occasions; ^If is fortunate, perhaps, that these, railwajr efyotit come, when they do, for tbhfebtohlahbe, of money Is so grtst'now, that loon^r'drli^r1 fejlaigB amoulii of epeotflafci^ be hksr-! c^ed,nndwith these thing* fresh 'in peo^s's u ds,: they fosj .tile' iKfeb'.'odmSdW; iSid fu thelEst madlimltedliaMffif and; in foist, the j yet, wmmhow.ribbody 'haa-&y;:Bfo^» d the Stagnation Is^lQ oobtfctfcs. ig t^Wlpiio3 ; of I duehgageti ^oapitkl,' itoOof' 'ri^yeanHre shall tiitoSforlhe'haxt dW' dent on aocount of a disease—a sort o£ Fenian tjt> the doctors—which they are, unable to ex plain, or, what is ipore, cure. It is charaoter isedbyOllthe symptoms of severe fever, Which runs its course evenly for some time, and is then ^interrupted by curious black patches on the skin and intense prostration, whioh is soon. ended by death. In fact, with that sensational tborbidness that accompanies anything obscure, people call'it the hlack death. Fortunately, it dbes not sebtii to bxtend aoross the Channel, nor indeed In Irtlatad much out of Dublin. May It be treated like the Fenian eruption, and disappearaccordingly. In my last letter I was badly afraid that the wretched hounds weregoing ] bo he hting, but Wiser counsels prevailed, and tjhe Febians were spared their graoelesB lives to xhake them useful by picking oakum. That the body social of Ireland will be one whit the better for the clemenoy or the example I am hot so sanguine as to believe, for gratitude or discretion are not virtues inherent in the ooirntry. But we must .hope for the best, and at all events give ourselves no further oauss fpr reproach. Mortality has been at a low ebb lately, and we have to chronicle the deaths of Very few in numbers ox celebrity. That of j Bailey, the sculptor, has made a great gap in the rankB of Art, for although he had retired from the world of late years, the name of the sculptor of Eve was a tower of strength. The Bbulptors, by the way, have been shabbily treated at Paris, and have signed a round robin declaring that they all withdraw from . competition. In fact English art has been anything but fortunate amongst oar neighbours, and we have been snubbed most unmistakably. The feet is that the English school, which is certainty not adequately represented at the Exhibition, iB of such an utterly different character to that of the French, that they cannot understand it, and underrate it accordingly. And a great deal of our excellence consists in landscapes, of which the French artiste as a whole have no idea. There is a fine sensational picture now exhibiting called " Crushed by Icebergs," painted by Mr. Bradford, an American, in which the effects of the towering ice-cliffs and the water-sky are admirably given, although it leaves rather a triste impression behind it. Whether we can {hint or not, we cannot be accused of neglecting opr favourite masters, for at the sale of the Shockerwich pictures the other day, Gainsborough's "Harvest Waggon'" fetched tie enormous sum of £3,000. Mr. Cope has finished bis paintings for the corfidor of the Houses of Parliament, and they form a really fine series, of which the best is " Speaker lenthall asserting theprivileges of the Commons against Charles I. when the attempt was made to seize the five members.'" There is more to' remark in the musical world than in that of j painting, for we have had this month two very important erents—the appearance of Mddle. Nilleon, and the production of Virdas Don Carlos, both of Which come to us from Paris. Although the " Traviata " is anything but a pleasant opera for a first appearance, Nilseon made a furore, which has been inoreaaed by { hpr subsequent performance of Faust, and 1; dpn't know whether then has been such j genuine admiration for any singer sinoe the time of her countrywoman Jienny Lind, whom she resembles-eomewhat in 8wedish fairness of ] complexion. A beautiful clear, thrilling voice it is, which is seldom heard now-a-days. "Don Carlos," though put on the stage with the same magnificence that characterises Meyer beer's operas, does not take the public taste, j although, while possessing Verdi's mannerisms, it also .contains some grand music. But Verdi w more a Parisian composer than an English one, and I prophesy that his works will not beep the bold of the musio-loving public that ttyose of the other masters have done.. Halle j Us teen giving his usual series of pianoforte recitals, but has done well in adding to the stocklist of Beethoven's works the sonatas of Schubert, which, though only lately, taken bp, arie begiiming to be admired and appreoiated , England as they deserve, vMr. Sullivan is "~~rowung as a true musician is sure to pro-, i, and his " Marmion," a descriptive over-j >,has been well received at the Philbar bbnoerts. We are going to have some ig out of the coprrbon nejtmonth'atiB&r.; -ball in the shape of a eonoert for .the IMnefit of thh hospital for children frith jtlii 'ysed joints. Thine is to he ah oratorio by nefr Bchlsrehnsbh, called *^Tbo Eetiirp .of jj^*el,H st which ths Duohess of Newcastle ptuh 'Jw tire wife of* |he Kshe||^| Gpobcestiir,, aregojug to ring. Caabii^t 'lf ^JCthurg we,-is oure to bring a fall Jfotue. m [rfewn' fctgeW—Story of Dpom" —in which she carrier her readersbaoito the ante* , diluvian world. For lighter oahbre,! <*n tecommend "Lancashire Folklore—whioh I daresay will bring back many reteUectlonl of flome to Lancashire colonists—and BilrO|fa ; «< Sketches of Japanese Customs"—» pleasant, lively, little gosaipping account. But Japwis getting so well known now that H is a slightly hackneyed subject. And what ahttut poor Dr. Livingstone P Dootors differ amusingly as ho the probabilities of his. baiag alivet bat on the whole I think the ayse have end «n the strength of this an expedition is nearly teifly to start, carrying with them a very thin steel vessel, whioh can be easily taken to pieoes, and has very little draught. Hobody will grudge this attempt to find, not only » gwat traveller but a good missionary, and ifsupoess* ful the Geographical Society may well plame itself. Mr. Whymper is off northward in his exploration of the interior of Greenland, and has already written from Copenhagen. He means to make his head-quarters at a small Danish settlement on .the dbast, and then, with a good team of dogs, take long and rapid journeys-to various points, There seems to be every probability that the interior is habitable, if not green and mild; for the reindeer, who are very {Articular in their eating, always disappear inland when the weather becomes severe on the coast. I hope his pluck will be successful, for there are others, not Englishmen, who are ever ready to come forward in exploration when occasion offers, and the medals of the Geographical Society during the past year have both gone to foreigners, which must not happen again. 1 have a piece of intelligence that will be most gratifying to married men, and will help to alleviate the BenBe of discomfort that that condition always brings with it, and that is, that statistics froin the Scotch registrar's reports prove that married men live longer (in Scotland at least) than single ones, for out of 10,000 unmarried 1,174 died during the year, whereas out of 10,000 married only 597 gave up the ghost. That is a set- off, is it not P though some'might say, perhaps, it was pro* longed misery. A very eapital new signal-light for vessels at sea has been tried, invented by a Russian of the name of Spalowsky, whioh, with about half a pint of petroleum, flashes 1,470 long and 1,460 short messages, the avenge of worda being 400, at ah expense of less a shilling. It will be a blessing, indeed, if something cheap and good become a permanent institution, as the Reports of the Board of Trade show an almost incredible number of collisions arising from mistaking the character and position of the lights. Professor Adams has calculated that the recurrence of theNovember meteon will be in a little over thirty-three years, so that we need not expect any more fireworks till 1889\. We ate now fairly in the thick of our summer amusements, cricket as usual taking the lead. Long scores are again the order of the day, and if this style of thing increases, we shall expect to eee the wickets down for thousands instead of hundreds. Mr. Lubbook made a good score of 129 In the match between Middlesex and England, but this again was eclipsed by Rickett'e 195, in JLauoashireeenmr Surrey, fa this matoh the former county scored 429, and beat Surrey in one innings. Afoot was more brilliant tkm usual, the racing nut asserted his superiority by beating, in different racep, Julius, Marksman,' and. The Palmer, plainly showihg ihat fhe Derby was no fluke. Achievement is good lor nothing this year, tor she was beaten again at Aaoot, while the Oaks winner in her turn had tocqrfeoond to Lccturer for the Gold Gap- After allthe outcry about the Derby losings, they were paid on the whole very promptly, although the gcisaip was supplemented by » paragraph that this Marquis of Hastings and1 the Duke of Hamilton both had to pate with aome property, the one with Ms town houseand the other with A Bootch castle. However, both thaw rn>pk>r}s were, indignantly denied, ao thatweauppose both house, and castle, will remain jnr their bwhen' possession imtan^6&l;>y, uulA^ie Leger carries them oS, forit Uagainst hom* mpn eense to suppose that any fartuoeihoir* hyjer Urge, can supply such enormodi hatting any length of time. CsptainMacbeHSpept a good deal of Ms Derby winnings at Bltham, where the Middle Park ya|^^^hsd;#RO a higher price than ever,averaging 500guineas A piece. The highest bid-was 2,000 nn tn • jjMtg ifhmiife mm .. r i wSr'flK! -w""t ir-mMt is -something worth' ,!«m- 4wteiyAix in mmibsr.h n tbstHr, BUnhtftmpntealiBsftfaewtaa ArielsndTaepihgmathefiiro S*a to ' bf501b.~the laigwt ^-mSSSS outof that tirer. fflhaswor4-"^- ** fljhew •nffw aooordingly, 1 but thht ealmtm thtfre'at _ iiu_ t tbefiahtag u better than the aboo^^ t ho b* lor tbe grouae diseaseia «nj,' bad M il eaid ; and, what la wcnm^ BeeMa to uudewfead howto di^tte^ w corethh ^htfo" ,JSrir«H§, of mbora, who have lately, muet hate aehareaor of ill look. 