'' " ' "'' ' TUB NE.\V ¿AND Í51¿li.: J' ! . I "-.-No..3." 1 TO THE EDITOR OF THE EMPIRE. j Bir,-No greater, mistake, in my .opinion, has been «ade since wo first enjoyed the benefits of responsible ¡government in New South. Wa'es than that of politi- cians insisting on testing tho religious, moral, aird social standard of the - population by ono fixed law ol ' .'.ethics. " 'Tho'peoplo in. the intermediate <*? bush" ol Australia, and in the- further off interior, cannot ba .' : julgod as wo would judge people in a, largo city,like Sydney. To arrive at anything like correct opinion! ?of equatting lifo,- we must: livo among squatters. ' Wo cannot properly estimate their social requirements nor can we judge fairly as to how far they have tried to promoto thom, without doing so. J have for years entertained this opinion, viz., that our Government should do as is done in Victoria. When information ¡3 moled on any gi eat question affecting the moral or material advancement of the masses, a. royal cammiesion is issued. The wrong opinions that now, prevail in Sydney as to tbs social condition of the squatters' em- ployes would givo place to moro correot ideas if wo folio wod the example of our neighbours. Had. tho hon, the Colonial Seoretary (Mr. Parkes) accepted the invita- tion of some of tho loading men of the salt bush coun- try-who offered to have him driven from the Murray (oar southorn boundary) to Foit Bourko (our principal northern settlement) muon, good would have resulted therefrom. One so well qualified by his know- ledge of the condition of tho working classes of other cona tries-a uuivosil .sympitl iier-with tho industrial classes -would have gained considerable information, and the coloiy might i hm have rcopsd the .benefit of Via experienced Mr., Parkes, in, bis visit to the Southern distriots, kept on the highways ; if to gain an insight. Into the habits and cmdition of the reop'e there was his objeot, did ho achieve it ? ; The Colunii.l. Saorotary once treated the electors of Kiama with a brief sketch pf-what ho -did seo on tho Murray banks ; he told them also of what ha did not see. He informed the Kiamites. of eomo " monopolising squatter" who held a run of 100,000 Hures, all of which was fine agricultural land," and upon a part of whiah tho 6quattor " had built" a palace ?ot cedar, of which there was " an abundance" in tho dis- trict referred to. How the hon. gout loman contd esti- mate the capabilities of a station hy a ran thronghjit, -over the high WA V, I., for one cnn dot understand. The pataco of cedar was and is à myth. The " palace" is a neat country residence,' builtlof red gum and pine. No cedar grows there, as was stated by Mr. Parkes. These 'errors in thomselves aro of no moment ; but whoo that hon. gentlemen uses them as a groundwork for nttiok ing the squatter?, do they avail him in his object? Ko doubt, in tho miudsbf tho Kiaonites, this cedar palace and its other embellishments still exist, though all would vanish into thin air -when testod- by truth. They ara as ehadowy.as Professor Pupper'o ghost. How- ever, the gorgeous palace had duo effect on Mr. Parkes'B audience These are only a sample of tho' b'asoless argumonts used against the squatting class. In yonr leader, of this day, you havo fairly stated anrao of the advantage* the fifteen years' leases would. . iriva to the sauattere. You writo : "I. Beneficial resulta-first to the squatters (ht selves, and secondly to tho community: Fifteen yoi leases will encourage tho tenant tb invest money improvements with a fair prospoot o£ an adequ roturo; the prospect of a.lonir' tenuro would ena bim to borrow money at a mi.dorato rate of interest, imparting confidonco to the banker and capitalist the permanency of existing ? arrangements. 1 , r «juattor who aojuirol his run nt .tao high ra lately ruling, and who is working on cap! borrowed at high : irtterest, would have befi * bim the prospect of being ablo to surmount i difficulties. The capitalist who- advanced t monoy would fed greater security in pastoral invo monta ; this increased security would produce ' > inoreased demand for stock and stations, and acm quently an increaso in price. Fortunes would probat be realised by many who aro now strolling wi peouuiary difficulties; and thosa who now indulge t . hopa of acquiring sufficient wealth to roturn to thi native land, and to Bpond the remainder of their da there, would bo able to accomplish their objects inui sooner than would otherwise havo been tho case. Tho ''benefits would flow to individual?. To tho genet community tho advantages would consist in the benet] derived from tho improvements effected, tho COBB . ' quent increase pf employment, and the greater circuí lion of money.' Tho bonefiti of an increased oirculntii ? of money would not bo confined to thoso immodiato engaged in pastoral occupations, but their ramificntio would bo felt in almost evory channel of trado ai every branoh of industry. It would bo felt that tho i toreBts connected with tho great etaple production tho colony were not in dangor of suffering from tl \- intrusion of nth r interest?, that tho squatter was st \- paramount in influonco and wealth, that both political aad commercially he had gained increased prestige and that tho popular movement which threatened for \- time to (lislU'b tint prestigo had passed away, leann his position stronger than ever. All theso consider! tionB would tend to give stability and permanency | tho pastoral interest as it at present exists ; and who, eror gives stability and permanency to an interest mm benefit not only thoso directly engaged in the pursni itsolf, but all who iudirootly and remotely dopen upon ie." 1 do not quarrel with this sketoh of tho results o .improved tenure. Yon could have wound up truth fully by adding that tho squat.orB found tho countr a wilderness (much of it incapable of supplying th wants of the aborigioals), and left it quadrupled ii value and fit for tho Imbibition of civil'zod man. Bu . when we come to tho other eldo of (lie picture . disagree with nauoh of what you havo said. That I maj not be oharged with misrepresentation, X giro your owi words : - "The first and most manifest effoctof the proposer long leases would be, to lojk up in the hands of a fev . persona for another generation tho enormous blooks ol oountry which they: DOW hold. They have, at tin preBsnt moment, moro than twt Ivo acres for cverj ahcep, and moro than thirty acres for every head ol cattle tbey possess. Tho b ocks of country hold bj flomo squatters are so vast that one almost hositates tc ? Btoto their area in acres for fear of hoing thought euilty of exaggeration. Many have hundreds of thousands ol acrjs-tome a million-much of it equal ia quality fer any purpose, either pastoral or agricultural, to the very best land to ba found in tbs world, ? So long na squattera have . .a practically unlimited quantity of good land in pro- portion to tboir, stock, thoy can have no inducement to mako any considerable improvements, or to increase the grazing capacity of tho inferior portions of their ? runs. A roan who has fifty miles of river frpntago at a merely nominal rent, will not construct dams or sink wolla in the waterless oountry ut his back -and this country, ao far as any outlay of capital on his part is concerned, will bo allowed to remain ina state of \- - nature. But a fifteen years'loase will 'onable him to iublot groat quantities of back country' to others, at a rental, probably, far in excess of tho rate ho pays far tho choicest lands. Ho will thus roap an unfair advantage-and pooket the money which should have f;one.to th« public oxchequer. The granting.of long oases will'tend to perpetuate the prosont deplorable «tate of things moral and social in the pastoral districts -perhaps to reduce mattera to a stilt worso condition, if that ia possible. A fow shepherds and hutkoopors aro »now tho only human occupants of vast tracts of the interior. Their solitary existence, tho absence of vege- table food, of home comforts, and tho means of rational onjoymont, havo reduced this unfortunate class of beings to a condition little above tho boasts. Phases af insanity or partial idiotoy alternate in their oases with reckless indulgence in tho moat debasing vioes, and tho worn out viotims ot an unnatural and degraded itate ot oxistenco, sent to dio in tho towna, crowd our gaols, and hospitals, and 'tamalie BBylums to overflowing. The introduction of fonoing tones to roduce tho number of hands required on a station ; and in many patts of the intorior tho number of tho population is decreasing. It ts quite' ?ocrtain that tho granting of long loasos to tho holders of theso enormous blocks uf country will roduoo popu- lation in tho samo proportion in which it onooaragea 'fencing and similar improvomoiiti, But, so far os ro igarda tho degraded and brutalieed beings who now 'form tho principal part of tho pastoral popu- lation, it' muat bo confassod that tboir 'disappear .anos would bo no loss to humanity ; and > if. tho .granting of long loases would exterminate thom alto Î;ethor, no truo philanthropist would on that ground ¡ft a »finger to provont it. But one of the worst fea- tures of euoh a moasuro would bo its tondonoy to por . patullo a stato of things whioh is a disgraco to civilisation. If theso vast runs woro divided into ?maller blocks, so that they could bo worked by men of xnodorato moans, respectable families would soon be aottled ia ovory part uf tho interior ; tho domobtio and social virtuoB--now almost unknown-would take root, and civilisation and refinement would oooupy tho place bf barbarism and vioo." It is diffioult to imagino any picture moro unlike what ibe result ot the «eeure tenure would be than you sketch ia thia last .extract' The'' landa would no m bo "looked . up" th«» they ara now, Free select wouldetill exist eyou if tba new Land Bill became li excepting over half a million 'of acree, (speoia reserved)for freehold. Bettler«) or «bout one part ¡ai ot tb« whole lands j ot the colony. ' The " twelvo ac tor ovary sheep," iii some instincè», is owing to defier water supply on .the. lands alluded,to, and this land, n I a wlldernsBS, would bs reclaimed nader a fixed tenu No man bas the exoluiive.! uie*of .. fifty milos of froi age at a nominal rent,",as nil the frontages' fort miles from tbe bank of the largs rivers have for yo, been reserved. They have been (excepting wa 'Çûsarvos). open for,,salo. If, the .country would .allowed to remain in a state of nature by the prese occupants, of whst UBO, would it be to them? T first septo the highest improvement'of paetoi property is to ' fencè_ it in securely. ;T1 will i do away with the, necessity . i employing'shepherds. So, with 'one breath, t squattira are accused of employing, labqur, and then fencing in runs to do away with labour. There's setow loose hero. I have hot seen " tho phases insanity or partial idiotoy" . complained ofLin yoi leader, and I have been through a vast portion of tl interior, keeping, at "the tima, my eyes open. "Ti ' annatural and degraded «lalo of existence" there ¡s t moro than wo seo in other avocations, such as in tl Bailors' profession for instance. The existence of tl pioneers must, to a very great extent, be " unnatural though not necessarily degraded. We cannot tat mothers, wives sisters, or daughters to eavagedom ; til way muet be cleared for them, and men must do'i Fencing in runs, may redoco the bands thereon i number,' but their places would be filled by a bette and moro intelligent class of employes, and marrie couples could and would be cmployed^on fenced-i I s'ations. 1 assure you during my stay of ten days i Sydney, Ihavo seen moro "degraded and brutalise I heines " iii your streets than I have saen in twelve,o fourteen years' residence in the salt buBh country. "I ! these vast runs were divided ¡nts smaller b'ooks," yoi ?lr, " the domestic ani social virtues would toko root' In no part of Australia have tho domestic and sncia virtuos taken deeper root than in Riverina, evan witt all tho disadvantages of uncertai» tenure. There an schools throughout the salt bush country whercvoi twenty children can be found fit for entering them. There's a hospital in every oontral spot, snch as Denili- quin, Albury, Hay, Monindie, Bourke, Dubbo, Wagga Wagga, and I believe at Woolworth. Ghurohes, schools, hospitals, institutes, and all the great agents of ci vi ligation aro¡ ia action almost without tho aid of the State. To so mo of those hava been given an almost princely support by some of the squatters. In foot, Sir, with all duo respect ti) tho sources whence the Empire obtains its information in relation to the religious, moral,'social, and progressive state of the far interior, I bare never eoen you BO" far in.error before.. No man as a rulé, heed bo ignorant in tho far off stations ; bs has smile means and time for self-improvement if ht would purauo it properly ; that manynogloct.it is no fault of thé squatters, who aro themselves, in. teo many , cases, obliged to submit for years to groat privations. In order to remove tho chief caüáe of tlicsó privations from among their mon ns woll as themselves, they bava asked for a fixed tenure from: tho State. Did tho evils which yon bave sketched exist in the degree you have stated'under tho regime of an unfixed tenure-docs, it not occur to,"you, I respectfully submit, (hat it is high .time we tried tho opposite plan, viz!, offering tho squatters a certainty, for' a time, in their leaseholds. ? J Wo cannot have in the interior oollogos pr churches with lofty spires, or hospitals with numbers of wards, or bishops, or doans, or high church dignitaries ; we fashion tho temples and tho men for the placo and tho,tim*», in the far-off bush it ie work, work, work. ' No mau works harder than our underpaid clergymen or schoolmasters; nothing would more tend to improve the material condition of tbeso in- valuable men in thc very outskirts of civilisation, than a fair security to the great interest that called them into 1 liave oxceetfea my usuai BJJUUO. VIGILAX Sydney, 2nd Septembor. 