WESLEYAN NEW CHURCH. THE ceremony of laying the Foundation Stone of a building for Public Worship has ever been justly considered an event of no ordinary importance. The progress of religion and the liberality it bespeaks at once strike the mind of every well wisher of the community and evoke his congratulations. On Thursday, the 24th instant, the corner stone of the intended Wesleyan Church in Perth was laid by His Excellency the Governor. The weather, though gloomy and threatening during early hours of the morning, was to the gratification of all present, most pleasant at the time, which added much to the happiness of the service. A little before noon His Excellency, accompanied by Mrs. Hampton and the Private Secretary, drove to the well-selected site for the New Church at the corner of King William and Hay Streets. The vice-regal party were received by the Rev. Messrs. Lowe, Laurance, and the Ministers present, with J. W. Hardey, Joseph Hardey, A. Helmich, and R. Jewell, Esqrs. The children of the Sabbath School stood on a well-raised platform, surrounded by gay streamers. The neighbors showed their good- will by hoisting their beautiful flags with which they are just now so well supplied, waiting the Prince's arrival. Many of the Wesleyan congregation and the inhabitants of Perth assembled to witness the interesting ceremony. The devotional exercises were opened by the Rev. W. Lowe giving out the Hymn in the Wesleyan collection, commencing with " Thou who East in Sion laid the true foundation stone." The Rev. J. M. Innes then read the 84th Psalm ; after which the Rev. J. Johnston offered a most appropriate prayer. Mr. George Shenton then announced that the bottle to be placed under the Stone contained the following document on vellum : " The Corner Stone of this Church was laid by His Excellency J. S. Hampton, Esq., Governor of this colony; October 24th, 1867. The Rev. W. Lowe Resident Wesleyan Minister, Perth, and Chairman of the District ; the Rev. T. C. Laurance, Geraldton, Champion Bay ; the Rev. W. Traylen, York; the Rev. H. to and, President of the Australian Conference ; the Rev. J. Bedford, President of the British Conference. Trustees-Messrs. J. W. Hardey, Joseph Hardey, G. Lazenby, G. Johnson, J. Clarkson, A. Helmich, K. H. Jewell, G. Bell, G. Shenton, S. 8 Evans, K. W. Hardey, and S. T. Mitchell. Architect It. B. Jewell, Esq." Copies of the Western Australian newspapers, and a coin of the realm, were also deposited in the cavity in the stone. The Rev. W. Lowe, addressing His Excellency, said "As the resident Wesleyan Minister of Perth it devolves upon me to address Your Excellency in the name of the Ministers, Trustees, and Members of the Wesleyan Church in Perth. I thank Your Excellency for the kind manner in which you received the deputation who waited upon you to request Your excellency to lay the Corner Stone of this Church, and also for your compliance with their wishes. We feel grateful to Your Excellency for the interest you have ever evinced in the promotion of religion among the youthful portion of our congregation, as shown in your annual visit to the Sabbath School, on the anniversary day; and also for our success as a Church in our endeavors to advance the spiritual interests of our fellow-colonists. I trust that this day's ceremony will ever be to Your Excellency a pleasing reminiscence of the part you now take in laying this corner stone of a house in which the Most High shall be adored and the glorious truths of the Gospel proclaimed, long after we, who are now participating in the solemnities of this hour, shall have passed away from the earth. I have now the honor to request that Your Excellency will be pleased to lay the stone." The Rev. W. Traylen said :-" May it please Your Excellency By arrangement of the Trustees of this building, I have been requested to state, that in accordance with the wishes of the late lamented Mr. George Shenton (who was a Trustee and the principal donor towards this erection and also of his respected widow, the name of this place of worship shall be Wesley Church." A silver trowel, having the front elevation of the intended Church engraved on it and the following inscription, was then, in an appropriate address, presented to His Excellency by Mr. Joseph Hardey. Presented To His Excellency J. S. Hampton, Esq., Governor of Western Australia, On laying the Foundation Stone of Wesley Church, Perth, W. A.: October, 24 1867. Mr. J. W. Hardey, in suitable terms, presented His Excellency with an exceedingly chaste and beautiful mallet made of our native sandalwood and raspberry jam, manufactured by Miller and Co., as was also the trowel. The arrangements for laying the stone, under the able superintendence of E. E. Jewell, Esq., assisted by Mr. Brittain, builder, were all that could be desired. The Governor, with the usual formalities, then said "I lay this corner stone of a Wesleyan Church in which God is to be worshipped, in the name of the Father, and of the Son, and of the Holy Ghost." His Excellency then spoke with a solemnity of manner which. evinced his strong feeling of the pleasure he experienced in being engaged in the interesting ceremonies of the day, of the vitality of the services conducted in the Wesleyan Church, and of the pleasure it afforded him to visit their large and prosperous Sabbath School. It would ever afford him much gratification to look back upon that day. A verse was then sung commencing with " From all that dwell below the skies Let the Creator's praise arise." After which the following statement was made by the Rev. W. Lowe : We are met under most auspicious circumstances, and are engaged in one of the most solemn and interesting services that can occupy the mind of man. This day we formally lay the corner stone of a house for God. ' And will God indeed dwell with man upon the earth ? the heaven of heavens contain Him-how much less the house that we build?' Nevertheless, he has said wherever my name is recorded I will come unto you and bless you And I will glorify the house of my glory.' * This, which is for us a great undertaking, has been necessitated by the long continued demand for sittings in, our present chapel which could not be supplied, and by the overcrowded state of our Sabbath School room. The successive stages of advancement which have led to the present important undertaking may be described in a few words. " soon after the foundation of the colony, in 1829, several lay preachers connected with this church commenced open-air services on the Sabbath-day- preaching the W ord of God to as many as could be brought together. This course was followed by the erection of a small chapel which would hold about 60 people. " In 1840 a minister was appointed to take charge of the infant church, consisting then of 30 members. " For upwards of 10 years the few Wesleyan s at that time in the colony were under the care of lay preachers only. Much credit is due to the men who for so long a period devoted their time and talents to the cause of God, and who, in the absence of a minister, could gather a congregation and build a chapel, regularly holding religious services, and promoting, as far as they could, the best interests of those under their care. " The chapel we are about to vacate was built in 1848. It has over 300 sittings, and for the last 25 years has served its purpose well. Of this building it is intended to make a school-room. This, with the present school- room, will give accommodation for about 600 children. " The church of which we now lay the corner stone is about 81 ft. and 45 ft. in; the clear. It will contain 600 sittings, and when finished will, we believe, be substantial, neat, commodious, and no disgrace to the City of Perth." A brief summary of Wesleyan doctrines was then given. The rev. gentleman then said " For long years to come these great gospel truths will be preached in this Church and through these truths, proclaimed in faith, simplicity, and the power of the Holy Spirit of God, many who shall hear them will, we hope and believe, be turned from the power of Satan unto God. I cannot conclude these brief statements without reference to our departed friend the late G. Shenton, Esq. To his princely donation of £1,000 we are in a great measure indebted for our present funds for building this Church. A feeling of profound respect for his memory is cherished by all of us and we are devoutly thankful to God for raising up such a man to perpetuate His great work of saving men by a preached Gospel long after the honored instrument is removed to a better world." " The cost of this building, including the amountpaidfor the Und, £400, will be about £3,000. Towards this sum we have promises to the amount of £1,700. We have yet to raise £1,300. " As the Trustees are determined not to burden the Trust with a heavy debt, strenuous efforts will be required to complete the Church without involving themselves in liabilities which the funds will not meet. The Rev T. C. Laurance, of Champion Bay, said " May it please your Excellency : the work we engage in here to-day is most important; the word foundation is suggestive for as it is laide will the security of the superstructure whether we speak of a house, a palace, a colony, a state, or a church. Now the Church of Christ, we maintain, is one and indivisible, and is composed of those who have truly repented of sin and trusted solely in the merits of Christ for salvation; thus are they * built upon the foundation of the Apostles and Prophets, Jesus Christ Himself being the Chief Corner Stone.' " Beautiful as was the Crystal Palaco-sparklinglikeagem in Heaven's sunlight more beautiful in God's sight is a temple of Grace, a material structure erected for His worship ; but most beautiful before Him is a converted man, devoted to His service-a living temple, consecrated by the indwelling Jehovah ; as Jesus hath said If a man love me, he will keep my commandments, and my Father will love him, and We will come unto him, "and make Our abode with him." " We fervently pray that this house of prayer may never become a mausoleum, or a receptacle for dead souls but a place where, by God's power in the ordinances of religion, man shall be quickened, sanctified, and thus made living temples of the Holy Ghost. Amen." It was then requested that those friends who had collected purses, or who had donations to present towards the Building Fund, would now place them on the corner stone. The following ladies then placed purses on the stone : Mrs. Mitchell, £2 ; Mrs. Jewell, £3 3s. ; Mrs. Lowe, aged 3s. j Mrs. Joseph Hardey, £21 Is. 11d. ; total, 355 7s. 11d. After purses as stated, then follow DONATIONS. Mrs. J. W. Hardey. £200 0 Mr. H. Black . 100 In the evening and the following day, additional sums were received, viz. : Mr. & Mrs. Robinson 2 2 0 An Old Friend. 100 Tea-Meeting . 21 19 6 Total £82 0s. 5d. The National Anthem was well sung by the children under the able leadership of Mr. S. T. Mitchell. The benediction was then pronounced, and the assembly left the ground. The Sunday School children were, on leaving the platform, regaled with buns. A Tea Meeting was held in the evening, which was largely attended. After Tea a crowded Public Meeting, presided over by the Rev. W. Lowe, was addressed by the Revs. W. Traylen, J. M. Innes, J. Johnston, and T. C. Laurance and Messrs. J. W. Hardey, Joseph Hardey, and G. Shenton, whose effective speeches delighted the audience. Had time permitted, other gentlemen present, not less fluent of speech, would have been called upon and would have added interest to the Meeting. In fact the non-inebriating cup seemed to have made all eloquent. At half-past ten the Meeting broke up, evidently much gratified with the day's proceedings. The style of the building is Early English. The inside clear dimensions are 81 feet by 45 feet. There will be a chancel 17 by 12 feet ; making the total length from east to west in the clear 94 feet. The chancel will be lighted by a three-light window, and the church with 12 two-light windows. The front facing William Street will be nearly filled with a large window, divided into four lights, and the head ? filled in with tracery, over which in the gable there is a large circular rose window. The church will be entered from this street by a neat porch at the north angle, and through the tower at the south angle. The tower, which is three storeys, will be surmounted with a spire, the total height of which front the ground will be 100 feet. 