|Ww8 clllrgttSt TEKTBEFIELD CHRONICLE. TURBDAY. MAY 21. 1867. £Commukioated.] "Tm Spirif of ? Dream." Thia pirate ology is sufficiently familiar to ruder* in general to reeeireaimost axiomaticcurreocy; oevertbeless, we must say that tbe precise thing symbolised by the language in qoet tion I« somewhat mysterious and shadowy. For our own pert, we modestly state, that i Juries read with due seriousness ([and re- j oeivea both entertainment and edification in tbe process) all ibat bat been written on the anhjeot from MaelcniBh's Philosophy to the present time, we were still awfully aoeptical an tbe subjeet; and eonld never, until tbe other day, form tbe ghost of a conception that would realise to our notioos of tile (Iteea of things so mystics! in idea .a " <&« ipirit of a dream." We have, however, beoome enlightened and bsve jrablioly to f thank onr contemporary for another illustration of an old gas com pany's motto, that it is possible " ex futno dare hum." The utterances of onr friend on Thursday lail in bis leading columns Id reference to political afiairs in this colony an proof, without controversy, that then is neb . thing as a dream; and be yond that, 0 spirit in it too. To attempt to prove that the editorial to which wa refer waa anything else than a dream wonld be an insult to the common . aense of onr readers. The fact is as plain as a proposition of Euolfd. What influences Bay have produced the dream, or what connection " pclupkloitbou extraete" may bave to do with the business, we do not atop to consider. What we bave to do now ia to catoh, if we can, the ipirit of the dream, and preserve and perpetuate it for the benefit or future generation*. This is simply our duty to posterity, notwitbstand- j ing tbe eft-reiterated taunt tbst posterity Las done nothing for us. Thst there u ) spirit in the utterance, and that consider ably O.P. is about as clear and self-evi dent as our previous assertion that the article waa a dream altogether. W« must, Id all fairness, admit that tbe imagery is vivid, and the colours startling. Fauoy for a moment the Temple in Queen-street purged and cleansed of tbe profane crew of Inoney- cbengers by tbe violent and mer ailess onslaught of the fiery and ambitioning Pring; and further realise, if we can, the alarmed, the denounced, tbe misrepresented Sitriots, fainting and expiring under his ereulean efforts. Surely we need aay no more. If there is not spirits, and pretty atrong spirits too, ia sucn imaginings, we have aimply to lay down onr pen in utter despair, and at once put up the shutters, for onr oecupation is gone, and our case hopeless. 