: A CGIOLERA INCIDENT. On one of the streets running parallel with Brcadway lived a married couple who hbd not travolled together very smoothly.snuce they had been one flesh. - The husband, though not a hal man, occasionally took a drop too much, and on sunch oconsions happiness was the exception in the household. The wife had a thousand dol. amrs in greenhacks, which she had saved.anmd always carried with her, and being the master spirit of the firm, she would not allow it to be encroached upon, but, on the contrary, endoean vored tonaugmentit; The wife took the cholera, and the husband, obtained a permit, and sent tier to the city hospital. It is not known that he accompanied her thither, though 'e most have visited her. One morning the nurso being out of the room for somen time, he returne' to the bedside of the poor woman, and discovered her, to all appearance, dead. The doctor was notified, and made hin observation. No plma tlon of the heart, no breathing, nothing to dis sipate the illusion and assertion that the patient was dead was discovered, and the disciple of .1Esoulapius pronounced her-dead. Rho wrs forthwith disrobed placed in the rough eomfit fur. nishod by the city and conveyed to the deal-housee For four hours she lay apparently dead=After the shadows of night had closed in, the watch man took a look into the room tosee that all was right. From the inside of one of tho colfins a' pereeptible knocking was heard. Superstition 'soeied him he lamatmed tihe door after him, and went to notify other parties of the mysterious rapping and sevel acceompanied the mannto thd temporary receptacle of the dead. Wheti thodobr ?raeoopened a sight met the gaze of 'the party wb'ch mode the roots of their hair tingle, and cause them to feel 'a weakness above the knees. " The" corpse" had raised the 'id of the coflin, and was sitting hold uprliht in It. " Where am I I" saysshe. The matter was explained to her briefly, Filled' with anger, illness having seemingly departed, she let loose the flood of her passion at the idea of being enclosed in uch, a contemptible receptacle. "She had 1000 dollars when shabe went to the hospital,she said, and she demanded to know where it iad gone; and that amount would have given her a decant sepulturo. Tbo attendants were unable to explain the where. abouts of the missing money, and thbo woman demanded to be restored to herself once more, that she might pursue the thief who had robbed tier, and secure to her body, if sheo were to die, decent burial. Thie " resurrected" one was helped out of her narrow prioor-house. and taken to a more genial chamber. But here another diflicnlty arose--her clothes had been destroyed. Suitable apparel, however, was furnishetd, and on fiuding hereilf once more of the flesh and blood, she insisted on starting nt once in search of tier hiusba, d, who, sthe thoughtb- and perhaps correctly--ws consoling hiomself with her 1000 dollar,, and the idea that some daughter of Eve would consol his lonely bours. The surgeon, observing that lmadanm was romptara tively well, andl thinking that it might do more harm to retain her than permit her dt. porturo, had the iron gate opened for her exit. Darknew bad sect in here ere she reached her husband'.r place of dlomiciliatiou. Site knocked? at the door, and her husband opened it. With eyes fairly starting from their sockets tho g?en ; words failed him ; leo was paralysed with fear at the suppose I apparition. At length the wife demanded why he had robbed her, insisting at the same time that site was not dent, as he no doubt hopel, she wat, and had come home-he would find it harder than tbht to get rid of liher. The ihsbandi was too astonished. hIorrifiti, to believe lin eysn, nond he begged the "ghost" to '.ave, ,0i o mig',t It Ire the i moan , but, for lotl'a sale, to an away and not destroy hina At this the man, with fear and tremblin-, Ionded her the minoing money, 'whtich snun took. lilt she not to bie m'riin from her hIolle iad with a push she opened thedner and ilterrcl the boone. She ha'l noa nnmer done so that her hushanl n.inut his h4t and cost rushed nuot of the beck door into th, yo.l, and over the fence, and that is the Is't either his wife or tis friends hare seen of him.--St Louie Times. 