GENERAL NEWS. : The Government intend;to.propose in •their Estimates the .appointment of a new Stipendiary Magistrate for the Northern Dis trict; who shall; preside af various new Local Courts which, .are to b.e, established. ..//Spine1 .excellent second1 and'thircUclass . railwayJcarriages have recently been'hhilt at' the Bowden Station, and . we understand that , several of the hands 'employed- on these' works' have been discharged, and that the services of others are to be dispensed withi almost imme diately. . It seems a - pity1 to turn, efficient work men; adrift in these dull times when there musti be cars required for some of the tramways now in': hand,; .:and when; there are ,quantities of : . materials lying ready, to be worked up. . The case of Mr. J. Z. Sellar will hot he ' taken' to-morrow at the Supreme Court, it having been postponed by order of Mr. Justice 6wynne until Tuesday next. : - Both Houses of Parliament meet on Friday. u. .Owing,to the inclemency of :the.weather Mr. ;T. H. Clarksoh's literary entertainment was | postponed. The programme will.be re peated this evening. ; • We,understand that Captain,Hart has received a:requisition from a portion, of the electors of the Light do., stand, for that: district, in the event of; Mr. Rounseyeil; retiring, conse-, querit upon his acceptance of the Kail way goods, "contract,' '>;/ v ; .-••.• >, ' :Amongst other"huts to crack on the, assembling of Parliament,'we understand, is a dispute between the late goods contractors.and the Commissioner; of Public "Works, involving some £10,000 or £12,0Q0. . , ; cJ; There are" now "two vacancies "Tor the. Legislative Council; 'Mr. Magarey having re-' tired, .Mr/. Hall's seat being rendered vacant by the decease of that- gentleman,5' and Mr. Scott's resignation is (we are. informed) ready to be handed.in when the House meets.• ••• « - A'public meeting will he held at the Town Hall,; Port Adelaide; this .evening, for the: purpose of the., inhabitants petitioning Parlia : ment for the! amount of the balance of the em bankment vote.' • On Monday evening a shop in Halifax Street, next to the Rob Roy Hotel, was robbed : between 7 and 8 -o'clock.- • The assistant had : retired to a room adjoining- the shop, and was engaged in reading. ' The'thief, taking advantage 'of his absence;-crept'in and' took away a till 'with about £2 in it,"emptied another till of some change, and possessed himself of some drapery, tb'e total Value of the: property stolen being' about • £8. ' No' clue to the perpetrator of the | theft has been obtained,, though suspicion rests upon a particular person; • The diorama of the' American War was . well attended on Wednesday evening, consider-11 ing the .very stormy state.,of, the weather, and.' the entertainment passed off;with' considerable success, and amidst .frequent applause. Mr. . ( Bachelder, in thanking the audience for their ^attendance and support; "remarked that' he . scarcely expected to see any bite there that very stormy evening., ; He. also announced that in , consfequenee. of having to . wait for the next. ;Melbourne.steamer, he should give three more'1 /entertainments, to-night, Friday, and Saturday, in the Hall,,at the same prices. ... At, a meeting of the shareholders of the So\ith-Australian Insurance Company (Limited), on'Wednesday, July 3, the resolution dissolving the old Company and forming- a' ne.w one with :an enlarged capital was confirmed. A state ment of accounts and valuation by the Directors was 'submitted, and approved,: as "required by I : the deed. The certificate of the registration of j the new Company under the Companies Act of 1864; was read. A fee of one guinea-for eacto attendance was voted to the Directors, and a sum!of £200,-balance from-the reserve fund, Was presented to the Secretary (Mr. Tapley) in acknowledgment of his active exertions for- the benefit of the Company. Iii our Tuesday's issue'an error occurred ;ih a paragraph which appeared respecting the presentation of an ihkstoM 'to Mr. WickeS, Secretary to the Education Board, by Mr. Niehuus," of the Wakefield-street Deutsche Schule.' The iukstand was a handsome electro plated one, and not German, silver, as stated in the paragraph referred to, and the presentation was made on the 21st June, and before Mr. Niehuus was aware of the 'movement which' is ' oh: foot amongst the licensed teachers'for the purpose . of getting up a testimonial to' Mr. Wiokesi, Mr. "Niehuus wishes us to make this .explanation so that it might not be thought' that he was : acting in any way antagonistic to that movement ; but, on the contrary, he is' quite willing to contribute .towards the testi monial also.' The ghost still takes, his nocturnal rambles in Adelaide. : On last Tuesday, night he visited the Blenheim about midnight, and | commenced a continuous rapping at the side door. The landlord stepped cautiously up, the knocking still, continuing, till he opened the door; suddenly and grasped—the air. Later in the night the rapping occurred again several times, but nothing could be discovered as to the cause of the; annoyance. This mysterious being varies his performances occasionally, as when, a few nights ago, he visited the house of a gentle man; in North Adelaide and opened all; the doors, although they had been carefully looked before the inmates retired to rest. The next night he ventilated the same house on a dif \- ferent principle, and the family were surprised on rising in the morning to find every window in the dwelling wide open. Respecting the door-opening a ridiculous circumstance occurred at an hotel, in the' city. A gentleman, who has no respect for any but ardent spirits, was ex plaining to the landlady that a locked door could be opened by a knife, and the hostess shut, without locking, the door of the room in \which they were talking, in order that the pro cess might, be more clearly described. The theoretical lockpicker, having pointed out how the thing could be done, attempted to open the door, but the handle turned round in his hands. He called to persons on the other side; to liberate him, but there was no handle there to take hold of. The situation was awkward; the room had no other outlet. "Within were the amateur locksmith and the buxom landlady; without, the host (a man of quiet habits, but severe aspect) and a number of guests, who rather enjoyed the perplexity of the parties in terested. At last, after a good deal of nervous shouting and excitement, the imprisoned gen tleman thought of the knife performance, and, drawing his tobacco cutter, raised the latch and set himself and his fair friend at liberty. On Wednesday evening, July 3, there was a good house at the , Victoria, Theatre, on the occasion of Mr. Solomon's benefit, the atten dance being somewhat extraordinary considering the I state of the weather, and affording ample proof :that Mr. Solomon's efforts to enliven the t1! - • - — j—4,i«»,no 'ft-ha nVinrA/tiofa/1 public in these dreary times are appreciated. » in which Mr; The; first piece was " Ingomar," in which Mr; Rayner acted successfrmy the.-part of the guerilla chief;' rendering' naturally- the bold demeanor, and rude though generous coinage of | the leader of the mountain warriors. In some ■ of _ the_ scenes , where the: ire of the barbarian chieftain was roused, his- displays of feeling were slightly gsotesque, but on the whole, the part was acted in good taste. Mrs, Jackson was unexceptionable . in the character of Partheniaj. taming the wild spirit of Ingomar. Her interviews with the miser Polydor, her offer to sacrifice'herself ^in wedlock to that wretch for the sake of her fathvr, and her ..withering ..denunciation of her.decrepid admirer, when his meanness forbad.him to come to her terns,' were admirably rendered! ^Equally effective was ? she ' in her . pleadings, • first .---> ('with Polydor 'for ' the ransom :of her - father when in - captivity, • and - with Ingomp,: his captor. Polydor, the mean, craven,.sordid,' malignant merchant, was capitally represented .by,-Mr.. Musgraye.: 'Mr., -Andrews acted,-as Myron, the!father of the' heroine, and Mrs. .Holmes as Adea,'her scheming1 mother,' natur ally and with effect. The othercharactbrs were! fairljr sustained. At the close* of the piece there' wasdmmeriSe applause, and in response1 Mr. Rayner and Mrs. Jackson appeared before1 the curtain." Mr. Rayner then thanked the " audi ence on behalf of Mr. Solomon for their attend ance on so rough a night, and informed them that next week Mr. and Mrs. Hall would appear oh the boards.in burlesque characters.: The bur lesque of "Dido" followed, and was received with great applause.1 Miss Earl was charming in' the character of Eneas, Miss Arnot playing with great archness the part of Anna. - On Monday evening the season will recommence with Mr. and Mrs. J. -L. ; Hall acting in their favorite -pieces. ' -■ •* - • • -:i* -• 