Turf Talk, by " Tomboy." Thoro was no lack of turf talk aftor the weights came out for the Melbourne Cup. A handicap is olways a f>roliflo theme for discussion, and most especially tho landicap for a Molboumo Cup, Go whore you will since Monday evening, and tho question is upon everyone's lips-" What do you think of tho Cup handicap ?" And opinions aro as various and as numerous as the persons who express thom. Ono man will tell you thnt nothing but tho three-year-olds has a ghost of a chance j ana within five minutes you will hear just tho opposite, opinion oxprossed, that no thrco-yr-old can havo a show with so many aged horses turned loose. " Oh, the handicap is modo for Craig," Bays one; " tho greatest certainty on pnpor for Tamworth," says another ; whilst an enthusiastic Sydney .friend of mino says, it's " disgraceful" to handicap Cossack ' at tho same weight as Smuggler, though I can't help thinking ho has a sneaking regard for Cossack notwithstanding. With- out going into ccstaoics over tho handicap, as I heard some persona do, I must give my voto in favor of its being quite up to the standard of tho last year or two, if not n point or two above it. Tho only test of a handi- cap is public opinion, and if tho public do not soo any- thing sufficiently well in to plunge headlong on to it, or if tho layors round soe nothing they would wish to lay post-hasto against, then I say one must pronounce favorably on the handicap as a whole. The two horses that aro universally thought to bo best in are Tamworth from Sydney, and Miss Fishor from Ballaarat, and both would bo backed for pounds, shillings, and ponce, did the stablo seom disposed to lead tho way. Thoro are other horses that aro thought to bo well in-Sparrow Hunk, Ximblcfoot, Victorian Tim, Cowra, and all tho good threo-yr-olde. Thoro seems to bo no ono horse that everyone thinks very badly used. The Barb has been weighted as nearly everyone had expected ho would be, but Seagull has fallen in public favour since tho weights carno out, und my Sydney friend has plenty of his way of thinking, touching the Sst 31b on Cossack. Warwick's weight is complained of, and I think justly ; and Bul gimbar might havo been treated moro leniently, as an inducement tn seo Mr Bowman's colours on the Flem- ington rncocourso. Without knowing anything of stable arrangements-simply going by public running, and what ovcryono may know who reads tho nowspapers, and attends the chiof roce-meotings throughout tho year-if I wore called upon to pick a dozen horses to beat the field, my pick would bo these :-Tho Barb, Glencoo, Fireworks, Tamworth, Tim Whittler, Bose of Australia, Cowra, Littlo Fish, the Fly, Tim Whiffler, Nimblofoot, and Queen of Hearts. The-next excitement will be tho weights for tho Sydnoy Metropolitan, when wo shall know how far Mr Lackoy's judgment concides with that of Messrs. Yuille, Moore, and Bond. Of tho seventeen Sydnoy horses engaged in tho Cup thoro aro twelve ia tho Sydnoy "Motrop.," be- sides Seagull, Littlo Fish, Token, and Kingfisher. I could havo wished tho two handicaps to ko declared tho sarao moment, so that neither side could havo beon in tho slightest degree influenced by tho handicap of the other, for I am certain that a handicapper, be ho over so confident of his own powers, is cortain to bo put off his track, if over so slightly, by the opinion of others ; but, after all, Mr Lackey ma; not havo seen tho Cup handicap prior to tho declaration of his own. I know him to bo a sound handicapper, thoroughly conscientious, and most painstaking ; ablo to giro a reason for ovary weight he assigns ; so that it will be highly interesting to comparo tho respectivo weights of horsos in all cases whoro they may differ. Ero thia day week, I appre- hend, we shall have seen tho handicap for tho Band wick Metropolitan ; indeed it is visible, I suppose, in Sydnoy to-day. Mr Herbert Power, whose namo has boon associated with tho sports of tho field and tho racecourse for years past, leaves Victoria for tho old country by tho mail steamer next weok. I wish him a pleasant sojourn amongst the green fields, the green lanes and stubble lands of Old England, and plonty of fun amongst the pleasuro peoplo of London and Paris. His hunter, Freetrader, was sold last Monday at auction to his brother Robert for £140, and his Fisherman filly out of tho Forlorn Hope mare, to Mr Younghusband for £85, to go to India ; a groy hunter, Shamrock, that Mr Power brought over from Tasmania, being sold to Mr Miller for £21. I may boro mention that tho hurdle racor Woodstock was also sold, to go to India, for £60. 