[?] GREAT BRITAIN.' ' ' . ? ''' ESTABLISHMENT OP' CATHOLIC ?»«,,, , ktt.mtn ARIES IN ENGLAND. The Right Rev. Dr.; Ullathorne, BiM'Oj, ot ?'iffcrmingham, has just received, an adilr.^.on Mid 'return from Rome, from the clergy and laity Jb£ the diocese, together with a su in of money, . ««ollected by private subscription; to be devoted tfS» the establishment of a diocesan seminary for v-JiSke education of the clergy. In his reply the s^Eahop'says ':— ' ?''The testimonial which youofferto me, pointing ?s«& it does to : a permanent work^ofthe greatest ffijaaportance to the. future welfare of the diocese, zaad proving that you divined the master wish of uny usarii, la Ol ail iiuauyuu luiynu navo ocaguugu, $£&e; one most acceptable to my feelings. Allow sMQ to explain, and if. the explanation on which I zjyp. entering is unavoidably -egotistical in its /Sfonn,: I trust that my wish to make it clearly vliiiubfc1'hb\y deeply I appreciate tlie special cha TSacter of this testimonial will stand for my £&&ir; apology. .You wish to help me to establish *$-«eminary en the model laid down by the Coun rt^sffl of Trent, , where 'the future clergy , of the faBBoSbae' may be trained in the fulness of the ,7«eelesiastical spirit,: discipline, and learning;' ?fflw:&k; could not have been better selected' to ijioacribe the end. and object of such seminary. j&fli; the day of my consecration, with a view to il&s; Apostolic Vicariate of the Western District, i-afcbw twenty-one years ' ago, three great ? ideas \\- J , \2Sftttk hold of my mind, and three great desires in frresjpondence with them arose in my heart, aving previously originated and urged the idea ^W^the' Australian hierarchy, the first to be eon -.tifttatuted of modern hierarchies, except that of the 'Waiied States,. I earnestly set. my heart on see r3ag the episcopal . hierarchy established in Eng QJai&d.; Geid has not only granted me the blessirg «&£-BB&tng; this work accomplished, but also the .-iiSirther'ljlessirig of having been a chief ? instru sjjient, on-1 the- part of the English Catholics*, in; ?Sfecinging: it . about. The , sec»nd great aldea .that took hold of . me was the -a8!iMire; '.of. seeing cathedrals and chapters— .-;§&&e;' first as centres of episcopal administration ...aoad of ecclesiastioal order ; the second as bring - uj-jiag gradation and. dignity amongst tiie pnesc jfjsood, as well as giving an official council to the 3&»s'nbps. ' And there is one amongst you present iatenself a canon, the witness of my episcopate ?i§fedm ;the. beginning, and privy to my inmost Thoughts, who could tell you now, at the begin ?sJSiag of my first vicariate, .1 purchased and com «oleted an ecclesiastical structure, fitting it up : ?dHrith thai ulterior object in view. The archives ?d&f;'the Propaganda can also bear witness at what ... s^qL; early period I expressed , that hope to Rome. .'?.?.?jffilfcitr.structure is now the Cathedral of Clifton, ' si^d1 'it is adorned with a chapter. The' third iifiea which took hold of my mind, and the third 1 *dasire which arose in my heart, on that sacred iiiay of my .consecration, was that of seeing .^ecclesiastical seminaries established in our own rt&bcmtry.; And though far from the least impor Sfl&at; of ? the three, it is the only one that, for -*~©fcvious reasons, .- has up to this time remained T^gmrealised. Yet you, my rev. brethren, are my ?sswitnesses how I have ceased not to inculcate ?6$&ia; idea, and this desire of a seminary, 'vaSoc these nineteen years that I have been sswaiongst you. For not only did 1 feel. that such . rasia institution, fresd from all secular intermix-. .- iffiEre, is of the utmost importance for harbouring ;daa& 'securing the vocations that God gives, and «s35zpects us to protect ; but such isolation from .'.iSsSiieiWorld as a seminary affords is equally indis gg«asible for imprinting the perfect form of the ^ecclesiastical character upon tbie' souls * of those °ife$Lo aspire to the priesthood. ' The return to '.f^&is; pure ecclesiastic method of training, bo tgjeeatly interfered with by the secular influence i»ic£.. the universities — those, universities which SSsroke' up the ancient archdiaconal schools at ££&shed;'tb the cathedrals— wa3 the great discipli ;tx&£y achievement of the Council of Trent. And _..c3«so: keenly did the fathers of the council feel this s£feath, that no sooner had the decree on seniina sgEea passed the vote, than the chief leaders rose ?£&& in enthusiasm one' after another, to , ?£$$&&' expression to their feelings on the agryeatlwqrk theiy had accomplished. They even ?ifajokithe exceptional course of sending off a asratecial deputation to Roine to implore the ^Sovereign Pontiff -to confirm this decree at once, a&ad; without waiting for the termination of the $*jfcQuncil ;, and they further requested that his 32£oliness would, set. the example to tho other .. aMseea by founding a seminary at once. This was! ,--p&≠, and, under the guidance of the great saint3 '.-wand bishops of that period, seminaries arose in ???? sfdflL the chief sees, and the mixed system, which \- SManded the church with the iay students,; .^ja^./apidly declined. Arid the anticipations ..-rtSSBoae true, that the seminary system would be-; '..«Bome i the pivot of the other, Tridentine reforms \- ''. ^Sarough which the church was renewed in hen .jsifiisoipliner-_and re- invigorated in her work.; *35&ere.; is:. one i -fact relating to the -.rise of .^canainaries , which cannot be indifferent to 2£Englishraen. .The first was planned forEngland ^Jjy Cardinal ;Pole, under, Queen Mary, . and it ' dswtually began its work. And Pole's plan, for England is understood to have been the model wtopon which the great council drew up its decree 4c#fe»nge;of religion in England soon : brought our ? . n i ^Scst^eminaries to an end ; and it remainb for us, ^a£.iet so many generations have passed away, and -rtfcCter these homes of discipline and. science have : ' ? ^flourished and supplied the church with her clergy vJz^Qyory Catholic cmntry iu the world — it remains ?fiat us to restore the work that Pole began and A ? ^Protestantism destroyed— that the church has .ej&sereed; as indispensable for every Catholic .-r-feiocese that even Protestant writers, such as ,__^ jj&iianke;, have pointed to as the mainspring of the ~1~'s*-nl. .^cfuirch revival, that the Holy See, in its letters N-ffeas uevcr cesised, since the planting of the 'aiiwerarchy, to inculcate on the English bishops, ?w^M^ro»i^^^.iigriri7;^iilil.Mii«iiiiMiiii'--...-^.-.-'^'Hfrtii»Tf7'gjT^nfgr^-r atid th'at a decree 'of one 'of our own,, ' provincial! synods makes imperative upon us as 'soon as cir cumstances allow of it, and resources are at hand for the wprk. 'You will now, iny.rev. brethren and my friends, yet more clearly understand why this' testimonial, having this object in view, is so precious to rae. And yon have brought me p. double uift. You have criven mo spontaneously the first resources towards this impor tan t work ; whilst by expressing your unanimqus opinion of its de sirableness, you have brought me a nibral 'strength on which to fourid it/ T have waited, amongst other reasons,: until the sense of the diocese chimed from all, sides : with my own, in order that, the work might have its proper foundation in bur joint judgnieht'arid united feeling. That hour has dawned upon us even more happily than I could have anticipated. And when in Rome, amidst that great assem blage, of the episcopate of the church, amidst that army of priests, amidst those sublime func tions, Where the Holy Ghost presided from heaven above, and the great vicar of Christ on the earth beneath— -when there I first heard of wuaD .cue uuiipter naci originated, oi wuuii me assembled clergy had so enthusiastically seconded of what tlie chapter had responded to with zeal, I felt a glow ©f happiness beyond description. Of course I could not keep it to myself. I spoke of it to my brother bishops of England, to Roman prelates, even to cardinals. I sjjoke of it to prelates of other nations ;and all responded with warm congratulations on the manifestation of such a spirit in the clergy and laity of the diocese— none, however, were more earnest, in their congratulations than the archbishops and bishops of our own country. And at the audi; ence.of the Holy Father to which I was admitted with the other Euglish bishops— pressed as the Pontiff was for time, and crowded as were the ante-rooms with prelates and priests awaiting their turn, I yet venture:! to present a brief petition that he would deign to : bless this work -with , some privilege of . his own choice. And the Holy Father .was pleased to write down with his own hand the ' spiritual condition— an Our Father, Hair Mary, and Glory be to the Father, or some similar prayer, for which, on its being associated with the offering, he granted one year of indulgence to all, both clergy and laity, who should contribute either to the found ing or supporting of the ecclesiastical seminary. Thus, frntu the bficrirminn- of the nrnifiP/fc. and in its future progress has the Sovereign Pontiff deigned to give it his sacred benediction. Let me add a word in conclusion as to the spirit in which I conceive the seminary should commence. I have .long held to the maxim : that an institu tion destined to become solid and 'permanent should have a humble and unpretentious begin ning. Such has been the origin of all mere human institutions that have gathered force and endured. So began the Church ; so the great churches within the Church : so the great reli gious orders, their great houses ; so the great educational institutions. So have thought the saints. Such has been my own experience. Like that of the grain of mustard seed in the parable must be the growth of an institution that is to have permanence. Withdrawn from the 'sight . of men, and safe from tampering fingers, in secrecy and in silence the living root is.formed ; and when it has acquired the vitality and force that makes it vigorous to grow, and to resist whatever is alien to its nature, it comes forth — a spectacle to angels and to men.' 