Sporting Items. NORTH AUSTRALIAN JOCKEY CLUB MEET. (FROM OUR SPECIAL REPORTER.) STEWARDS. —George Faircloth, Esq., J.P.; Robert Little, Esq.; Edmund M- Royds, Esq.; the Hon. Joshua P. Bell; Pollet Cardew, Esq., J.P. Starter: The Hon. J. P. Bell. The annual meet of the Worth Australian Jockey Club, which commenced on Tuesday, bids Cur to prove in every respect as great a success as any of its predecessors. Certaiuly, the fir3t day's sport was all that could be desired. The weather was delightfully fine and ooob the attendance was large, though scarcely so numerous as was anticipated, and though the fields for some of the races were rather smaller than could hare been wished, considering the large prizes contended for, yet the sport itself was interesting, and in some of the events very dose and exciting. In no case was a race • complete walk over for any particular horse like last year. Shortly after 10 o'clock consi derable numbers of Athenians, who had appa rently determined to seize a day from business, began to wend their way from their classic city j towards the scene of the approaching contests, | and vehicles of all descriptions, from the carriage to the dray, were impressed into the service if capable of carrying a few passengers. The road to the course, though not by any means in first class condition, was passable, but unpleasantly dusty. Before the time fixed for the first race, many visitors had arrived, and relieved the course of the bare appearance it had hitherto presented. The grand Btand was well patronised, but we are sorry to state that the part set apart for the accommodation of ladies did not present so gay and brilliant an appearance as usual. For some unexplained reason, neither the races at the Metropolis or at Ipswich have received so much support from the ladies as on previous occasions. His Excellency the Governor honored the coarse with his presence, and ap peared to take considerable interest in the re sults of the various events. Opposite the Grand Stand the straight running was thickly lined with vehicles, while large numbers of pedestrians and equestrians were scattered over the field, and everyone appeared to enter into the amusements of the day with great gusto. In addition to the legitimate amusement, plenty of fun was to be had for paying for it, for the usual accessories to a racecourse were to be seen in abundance.. A stroll through the crowd before the commencement of the races enables ps to assert that there was no falling off in that department, for roulette tables and other gambling establishments offered occupation of a very exciting, but not remunerative character to all who desired it during the intervals be tween the races. It is, however, but fair to state that these little games were carried on with, less effrontery than at the metropolitan meet. Notwithstanding the fact that the drinking booths, of which there were a con siderable number, were much frequented, the greatest order and decorum prevailed through out the. day, and the duties of the police were principally confined to assisting the stewards and others officials in* keeping the course free from obstructions. As at Brisbane, a brass band was on the ground, and enlived the pro ceedings of the meet It would be well to adopt this plan on future occasions, for at a comparatively trifling expense the success of the day's sport is considerably enhanced. Thevarious arrangements made by the officials were good, and were well carried out, and there were no dis disputes or accidents to life or limb to mar the enjoyment of the day. The course was in capi tal order, and on those parts where it was a little soft the stewards had taken the precau tion to scatter sand. One very noticeable fea ture in Tuesday's proceedings, and one which will be duly appreciated by all sporting men, was the commendable punctuality with which the different events were got off, for the whole programme was concluded by a little after 4, and everybody, so inclined, could return to town before 5 o'clock. The manner in which the judge, the starter, and the clerk of the conrse, performed their respective duties left nothing to be desired in that direction. The racing generally was excellent, and in several instances was extremely exciting. Within • few minutes of the time set, 12 o'clock, the first of the five events on the card— viz., the Ladies' Purse—was brought forward for decision. The whole of the nine horses entered came to the post, but Proserpine, Kil dare, and Surplice were the only ones that attracted much attention, and the former was the favorite. A better race than this turned out to be could hardly have been seen, for Proserpine and Kildare came in so closely together that many people were of opinion that the mare had won until the judge's declaration set all doubts at rest. Proserpine was in very good condition, and ran very gamely; bat she could not afford to give Kildare lOlbs. Sur plice, who was expected to show up well in this race, came in with the ruck; but this is not to be wordered at when the weight he carried is considered, and the fact that he is more remark able for endurance than speed. The next event in the card was the North Australian Jockey Club Gratd Handicap, for which six horses were entered. Only four of them came to the post—Whalebone and Forrester being drawn. The appearance of the horses was eagerly scanned when they stripped in the saddling paddocks, and Premier, who was in splendid condition, was pat down as the winner. Nonsuch also looked very well; and many who knew the staying power of this game little horse felt in clined to back him. However, when the horses were taking their preliminary canter, it seemed to be the general opinion that the old Ipswich favorite would find more than a match in Premier, and the result proved the correct ness of these prognostications. Mr. Bell suc ceeded in despatching the lot at the first at tempt, when a promising young three-year-old colt named Orlando took the lead, but failed to keep it. Tal Tal, another of Mr. Ruddle's string, and the one he had elected to win with, ran pretty well at first, but failed to justify the expecta tions that his success at Brisbane had oaused some people to entertain. After the first mile and a-half the race resolved itself into a match between Premier and Nonsuch; and, after a close and exciting contest, resulted in a victory for the former, who secured for his owner for the second time this valuable prize. The third race in the programme was the Maiden Plate, which North Australian won as he liked, not withstanding the penalty he carried for winning at Brisbane. A close and exciting contest was expected between him and Chancellor, but when about half-a-mile from home Sam Holmes called on him to go to the front, in a few strides he assumed the leading position, and won to the satisfaction of every spectator present, with the greatest ease. In fact, with the exception of the spurt he put on wheo. coming to the front, he was scarcely obliged to exert himself throughout the race. To show the confidence that some of our sport ing men feel in the future performance of Queensland's Champion, we may mention that £1000 to 50 was taken twice over against his winning the Melbourne Cup. The Queensland I Welter Babe brought oat a field of five, and of the lot that faced the starter, Shamrock and Rearguard were the most fancied. This race created considerable excitement, for after the start it was impossible to say which horse would prove successful. The actual winner was not much fancied, for a report had got about that he had been accidentally burnt the night before, and that he had sustained considerable injuries. I However, as the result proved, the injuries, if i any, must have been of a very trivial character, : for the horse ran very well throughout. Whale bone was not expected to do much after the way he had behaved at Brisbane, and the plucky way m which he forced the pace and kept the I lead most of the distance, agreeably surprised I many. He would have stood a better chance : of winning had his jockey taken advantage of an : opportunity he had several times during the race, and secured the inside running. Rear guard was in very good condition, and stood a ' capital chance of winning, for he was coming up fast, had he not run inside a post, and thus ■ disqualified himself. Shamrock was very diffi- j cult to hold, and gave Flannery a great deal of! tremble. He tired himself by his efforts to rush awaywiththelead, and whenthemoment came for him to make his effort he could not comply with the call of his jockey, and lost the race. The Selling Stakes proved a comparatively easy victory for Creeper, for the only horse who would hare had much of a chance against him was dead. Appended is a detailed account of the various Tents: — 93bst Bace. The Ladies' P^bse of 60 sots., with a sweepstake of 3 so**, each for the second hone; for all horses; 1 mile and a distance; weight for age. Entrance, 4 guineas. Mr. L. Flannery's br.g. Eildare, 4 years, 9st. lib (Driscoll) 1 Mr. W. Thompson's cm. Proserpine, 6 years, 9st. lllbs. ... (Cunningham) 2 Mr. B. Powell's b.g. Chance, aged, 9st. lllbs. (Owner) 3 Mr. W. Duncan's blk.g. Surplice, aged, 9st. lllbs. Mr. J. Easden'a eg. New Chum, aged, 9st. lllbs. Mr. J. Nolan's g.g. Grey Wallaby, 6 years, 9st. lllbs. Mr. P. Johnston's c.f. Agilis, 2 years, 6st. lllbs. Mr. T. Sowerby's b.g. Prince, 5 years, 9st. 81bs. Mr. B. Powell's b.h. Cobden, 5 years, 9st. lllbs. Bkitdtg.—3 to 1 on Proserpine, who was the chief favorite. After a little delay at the post, caused by the fractiousness of Chance who showed great dis inclination to face his horses, the flag fell to an equitable start. The lot ran together for some distance, but on passing the Grand Stand Cob den obtained a slight lead, with Grey Wallaby and Chance in close attendance. The other horses followed in a ruck a few yards behind. These positions were maintained with but little alteration except that Grey Wallaby assumed the lead for a short time np to the back of the course, when Prince came up third and Chance fell back. At the hill most of the liorees were running in company, but the favorite and Eil dare soon went to the front. A fine race home ensued between the two leading horses. At the turn Kildare led by about half a length, but coming up the straight the mare drew up along side and the pair passed the winning poet so close together that until the judge decided that Eildare was first no one seemed to know which was the successful horse. Chance came in close behind, and all the others followed in a rack a short distance in the rear. Time, 2 minutes 1 second. Second Each. The North Australia* Jockey Club Gbaud Handicap Sweepstakes of 10 sots. each, with 200 soys. added; for all horses ; to be handicapped by the stewards, or whoever they may appoint; two miles. The owner of the second horse to receive 60 sots, from the prize. Entrance, 10 guineas. Mr. W. Buddies eg. Premier, aged, 9st 81bs (Owner) 1 Mr. L. Flannery's b.g. Nonsuch, aged, 9st. 31bs (DriscoJl) 2 Mr. W. Buddies eg. Tal Tal, aged, 9st. 51bs (M'Cabe) 3 Mr. H. Thorn's g.g. Orlando, 4 years, Bst., j distanced (Tyrell). j Mr. J. M'Fadden's blk.h. Whalebone, 6 years, 9at. 31bs., drawn. Mr. J. P. Jost's g.g. Forrester, aged, Bst. 121b5., drawn. j Bbtthto.—Ruddle declared to win with Tal Tal, but both Premier and Nonsuch, had many supporters. As soon as the signal was lowered, Orlando went to the front, closely waited on by Tal Tal, who soon deprived him of the lead. Premier was third, slightly ahead of Nonsuch. These positions were but very little changed until two thirds of the course had been traversed, when Premier began to come up, and displacing Or lando, challenged Tal Tal, and passed him. Coming up the straight for the first time, Non such put on a spurt and came up to within a short distance of Premier, who, however, lead passed the stand. Soon after this, Orlando bolted off the course, and was distanced. The pace, which had hitherto been very moderate, now began to increase, the two leading hone* running within a few yards of each other, Tal Tal about five lengths in the rear. There was a splendid race all up the straight, but the old horse, who was cleverly ridden by Driscoll, failed to catch Premier, who landed his colon a winner by about half a length. Tal Tal was a good third. Time, 4 mm. Thikd Back. The Maiden Plats of 100 sots. ; for all maiden horses, including winners of two-year old stakes, with a sweep of 5 sots, each for the second horse; 2 miles; weight for age. Entrance, 6 guineas. Hon. B. Pring's b.c. North Australian, 3 years, Bst. 21bs (Holmes) 1 Mr. W. Buddies g.c Chancellor, 3 yean, Bst. 2lbs. (Owner) 2 Hon. J. P. Bell's r.g. Seclusion, 4 years, 9st. lib (M'Cabe) 3 Mr. J. M'Fadden's b.h. Spanker, aged, lOst. Mr. J. Nolan's br.g. Harry Lorrequer, 4 yean, 9st. lib. Mr. T. Sowerby's e.g. Pretender, 4 yean, 9st. lib. Mr. J. Fletcher's br.f. Bedeena, 4 yean, 9st. 1 lb. drawn. BEnnra.—North Australian was a decided favorite, and was backed against the field. The lot were despatched to a splendid start, as they left the post little or.no difference being observable in their positions, but as they set* tied into their places, Chancellor had a slight advantage of which he was for a moment de prived by Harry Lorrequer, who forced the pace for a short distance. The favorite was third going very easy, with Seclusion, Spanker, and Pretender bringing up the rear. With little or no alteration they ran thus to the long distance post, where Chancellor still led, closely attended by the farorite. Harry Lorrequer here dropped away leaving Seclusion in possession of the third place. In this order they passed the Grand Stand, soon after which the pace was in creased, and North Australian obtained the lead at the back of the course, and shaking off the other competitors with comparative ease, he won without the least exertion in a canter, Chancellor about seven lengths behind, and a similar distance separating him and the third horse Seclusion. Time, 4 minutes 1 second. Fourth Bacb. The Qusexslaitd Wsltxs of 3 sots, each, with 60 sots, added ; for all horses; welter weight for age; 3 miles ; second horse to save ■ his stake. Entrance, 6 Guineas. ' Mr. B. Powell's eg. Volunteer, aged, list. 4 lbs (Powell) 1 Mr. J. Nolan's blk.g. Whalebone, 6 yean, llst.4lbs. (O'MaUey) 2 Mr. B. Little's eg. Shamrock, 6 years, list. 41b» (Flannery) 3 Mr. H. Missing's b.g. Greyhound, aged, list. 4 lbs. Mr. W. Duncan's br.g. Bearguard, 6 yean, list. 4 lbs. Bettihg.—Bearguard was the chief favorite, though Shamrock had many supporters. The start was delayed some little time in con sequence of the fractiousness of Volunteer, who broke away several times in liis anxiety to be off, but at length the starter, taking advantage of a favorable opportunity, lowered his flag, when the lot left the post in very fair terms. After a few strides Whalebone assumed the lead, but m spite of the exertions of Flannery, who did his best to hold Shamrock in, his horse rushed to the front and took a considerable lead. Bearguard and Volunteer were all behind, and Greyhound brought up the rear, which position he retained with praiseworthy consistency throughout the race. These positions were maintained with little alteration past the Grand Stand the first time and round the course. When near the long distance post Bearguard and Volunteer came up. Passing the Grand Stand for the second time, Whalebone occupying the leading position, with Shamrock, hard held, close behind ; the others not far behind. As soon as Flannery let Shamrock go he went to the front, and Volunteer came up second, and Whalebone retired in favor of Bearguard, who was steadily improving his position. Unfortunately for his owner, however, when about half a mile from home, he ran inside a post and disqualified himself. All up the straight there was a capital race between Volun | teer and Whalebone, who had succeeded in dis- I placing Shamrock, but the black horse could not i quite overtake Volunteer, who won cleverly by | about a length. Shamrock came in a moderate ! third, and Greyhound fourth. i Fifth Back. The Selling Stakes of 50 soys., with a sweepstake of 3 soys. each, for all horses; 1 mile and a distance, heats; weight for age. The winner to be sold by auction immediately after the race for £100 ; if entered for £75, allowed 7 lbs.; if entered for £50, allowed 14 lbs.; if entered for £25, allowed 21 lbs. No further allowance made for maidens, mare?, or geldings. Any surplus to go to the Race Fund. Entrance, 5 guineas. Mr. J. M'Fadden's b.h. Creeper, aged, 9st.7lbs (Haynes) 1 1 Mr. B. Powell's b.g. Chance, aged, 9st. 71bs. 2 3 Mr. W. Ruddle's b.g. Young Stranger, aged, Bst. 71bs 3 2 Prince of Wales was also entered for this race. Bsttikg.—Creeper was the favorite. As soon as the flag fell Young Stranger and Chance rushed off hi close company, followed by Creeper, hard held. With little alteration, these positions were maintained up to the hill, when Creeper assumed the lead and came in the winner of the first heat by several lengths. Second Heat.—Directly the signal was given Young Stranger went off with a slight lead, which he maintained round the oourse until close to the straight running, when he was challenged by Creeper, and a fine race home erminated in a victory for the latter. This concluded the first day's sport. . Second Day. The attendance at the races on Wednesday was not so large as on the previous day, but, never theless, was considerably in excess of what was anticipated, for the " off" day of a meet is in variably the dullest of the three. There were more ladies on the course than on the first day, and the number of fair equestrians was specially remarked. His Excellency was not present. Subjoined is a detailed account of the different events. Ftbst Racx. Hurdle Race of 50 soys.; three times round the course ; over nine leaps four feet high ; weights to be carried—2 yrs., sst. 12 lbs.; 3 yrs., 7st. 2lbs.; 4 yrs., 9st. 2lbs.; 5 yrs., lOst.; 6 yrs. and aged, lOst 41bs. Entrance, 4 guineas. Hon. B. Pring's (us.) g.g. Fosileer, aged, 10st.41bs (Gbeson) 1 Mr. B. Powell's g.g. Bob Ridley, 5 yean, lOst (M'Cabe) 2 Mr. J. Nolan's b.g. Tall Boy, 4 yean, 9st 21bs dis. Mr. T. Sowerby's blk.g. Hamilton, agsd, lOst. 41bs. dis. Mr. H. Missing's br.g. Barrister, 5 yean, 10rt. ...dis. There was little or no betting for this race. The lot were despatched to a very fair start, and Hamilton was the first to show in front. Barrister, who was ridden by a black boy, pushed him hard up to the first hurdle and cleared it first. Hamilton, Fusileer, and Bob Ridley followed in good style, but Tall Boy refused the leap, and lost all chance of the race. At the second jump all the horses baulked, with the exception of Fusilier, who took the leap splendidly, and se cured a strong lead. After several attempts the other horses followed,!but on passing the Grand Stand for the first time round, Fusilier was some distance in front, with Bob Ridley second. It here became evident that the race was vir tually a match between the above-mentioned horses, for all the others either baulked tts leaps, or blundered to such an extent as to deprive them of the ghost of a chance, and were eventu ally all distanced. There was a very dose race between the two greys, and at one time it seemed very probable that old Bob Ridley would prove the winner, for Fusilier fell at the last jump the second time round, and threw his jockey, who, however, was quickly up again, and after the grey, who had obtained a strong lead. After a sharp struggle Fusilier regained his former posi tion at the hill; and lead the way past the win ning-post about a dozen lengths in advance of his antagonist. Sscoitd Sack. Hack Httbdle Race of 25 soys., for all untrained horses; weight for age; mile heats; over three leaps, 3 ft. 6in. Post entranoe, 2 guineas. Mr. J. Fletcher's br.g. Bacon, aged (Fletcher) 1 1 Mr. M'Anau'y's ch.g. Let-me-alone, 4 years (Owner) 2 dis The following hones also started, but were all distanced. Mr. Thorn's Black Eagle, Mr. Pring's Stranger, Mr. Harpur's Queensbury, and Mr. King's Tinker. There was no favorite for this race; for as most of the horses were comparatively speaking unknown, no one attempted to prophecy the result of the race. Fibst Heat.—The signal was lowered to an equitable start, the whole of the horses getting away on pretty fair terms. It, how ever, soon became apparent that Baron was to be the winner, and so anxious was he to force the running that his jockey had hard work to hold him in. He cleared every jump at the first attempt, and won as he liked. Let-me-alone secured second position after twice displacing her rider. The other horses proved te be wretched fencers, and refused almost every leap. They were all on the wrong side of the distance post when Baron caught the judge's eye. Second Heat.—Only two horses, Baron and Let-me-alone, faced the start for this heat. The former took his jump in capital style, and leaving his antagonist undergoing summary punish ment at the hands of his jockey for' obstinately refusing the first hurdle, cantered over the course at his leisure. A private match between Mr. H. Thorn's b.m. little Dorrit, and Mr. Monroe's g.g. Bar ney, came off in the interval between this and the next race. The mare, who had been brought in from the bush, forced the pace for the first half mile, but at the back of the oourse, when passed by Barney, could not respond 90 the call of her jockey, and in spite of a vigorous application, followed the other hone past the winning post. Teibd BaOI. The North Aubtbaioak St. Legos of 75 soys., with a sweepstake of 5 soys. cash added, for all three-year-olds. Colts, Bst. 71bs.; fiillies, Bst. 4ibs.; no gelding allowanoe. Half forfeit if declared by the 11th of May. H mile. Second horse to receive 20 soys. from the prize. En trance, 5 guineas. Mr. Boss' Blair Athol, 3 years. Bit. Tibs. (Kean) 1 Mr. W. Buddies g.c. Chancellor, 3 years, Bst.7lbs (Owner) 2 Mr. L. Flannery's c.o. Gladfield, 3 years, Bst. 71bs (Chifney) 3 North Australian was drawn. Bettiko.—Blair Athol was a decided favorite, and was backed at odds against the field. Immediately the flag was lowered, the three left the post in close company, bnt, after a few strides, Chancellor took the lead, closely waited on by the favorite. These positions were re tained with little alteration for a considerable distance, but at the back of the course " that fine colt," Gladfield, put on a spurt, and assumed the lead for a short tune; but at the hill] he retired in favor of Blair AthoL Near the long distance post Chancellor made his effort, but his pace was-not sufficiently good to enable him to come to the front, for the favorite, when hv jock let him go, increased his lead with the greatest ease, and won withont diffi culty, with hands down. A capital rase for second place ensued between Chancellor and Gladfield, which resulted in favor of the former. Fottbth Race. The Flying Handicap of 5 soys. each, with 75 soys. added, for all horses, to be handicapped by the stewards or whom they I may appoint; one mile. The second hone to save his stake. Entrance, 4 guineas. ! Hoa. R. Pring's b.c. North Australian, 3 ! years, 7st lib (Bennett) 1 Mr. J. Nolan's g.g. Grey Wallaby, aged, Bsh 81bs (Winterbottom) 3 Mr. W. Thompson's cm. Proserpine, 6 years, Bet (Tyrell) • Mr. L. Flannery's br.g. Kildare, 4 years, Bst.2lbs. ... ... ... 0 Mr. T. Sowerby's b.g. Prince, 5 years, 7st. 91bs 0 j Premier and Bedeena were drawn. ' North Australian was backed at three to one against the field. After a short delay, a capital start was effected, and Kildare in a few strides dsfjrived Grey Wallaby of a slight advantage he had ob tained. The favorite occupied the third posi tion, hard held. After a few hundred yards had been traTersed the favorite was allowed to come up, and it became evident that the race was vir tually over, for although the othen did their best, none of them could catch him, and he went past the winning post in the commonest of canters. A fine struggle for seoond place ter minated in faTor of the grey horse, who de feated the mare by about half a length. Tim*, 1 minute 55 seconds. A private match between Mr. F. Coulston's Colonel and Mr. Digby'a Shakespeare, for £5 for two miles, each carrying list. 41bs., was won easily by the former. Another match for £5, between Mr. Prior's Araby and Mr. Coulston's TraTeller, for half a mile, was won by the first named horse. Mr. M'Gill's Prospect also de feated a horse of Mr. Pack's, and won the prize, tu., £6, for his owner. Fifth Bacb. The Pbihcs o* Wash Stakbs of 60 sots., with a sweepstakes of 3 sots, each for the second horse; for all horses; the winner of the Maiden Plate exoluded; mile heats. Weights to be carried:—2 yn., Set. 121b5.; 8 yn., 7st. 21bs.; 4 yn., 9st. 21bs.; 5 yn., lOst; 6 yn. and aged, lOst. 41bs. Entrance, 6 gui neas. Hon. J. P. Bell's r.g. Seclusion, 4 yn. 9st.2lbs (Powell) 1 1 Mr. B. Little's eg. Shamrock, 6 yn., 10 st. 4 lbs (Flannery) 3 2 Mr. H. Thorn's g.g. Orlando, 4 yn., 9st. 21bs. (Cunningham) dis. Surplice, Tal Tal, and Chance were drawn. Seclusion and Shamrock were the favorites, but the former was, if anything, the most fancied. As soon as the signal was given, the three left the post on very equal terms. Orlando was the first to show in front, and foroed the pace for a short time, but he bolted off the course and was distanoed. The roan horse filled the vacant plaoe, and though at times hard pressed by the ohesnut, especially at the back of the oourse, he managed to keep the lead; and after a sharp contest up the straight, won the first heat with comparatiTe ease by a length. The second heat was reduced to a match between Shamrock and Seclusion. The latter got the best of the start, was nerer collared, and won easily by a length. A Hurry Scurry was afterwards sot up. Seven hones started, but Mr. M'Fadden's Wonderful proved the winner; Little Dorrit a good second. This qpncluded the second day's sport. The settling on the races is arranged to take place at the North Star Hotel, on Saturday, at 12 o'clock. Thibd Dat. Thursday concluded one of the most success ful meets ever got up under the auspices of the North Australian Jockey Club. It is with pleasure that we record the success that has attended the sports of our Athenian friends, for the peaple of Ipswich entirely deserve the pre- eminence they hold in the sporting circle of Queensland, for the liberality with which they support their club. The ball was opened at 12 o'clock by the Corinthian Stakes, for which six horses were entered, five of whom came to the post. Seclu sion and Shamrock were the favorites, but the roan colt was the most fancied. The lot were despatched to a splendid start by Mr. Cardew, who officiated as starter for this race, and Jib boom soon lead the Tan. From the appearanoe of the hone in the saddling paddock, he was put down as a scrubber, and consequently the riden of the other hones flrinfcfay they would hare no difficulty in overhauling him after he had had his gallop, allowed him to assume a strong lead, which hie managed to keep through out the race. Seclusion, who came in two lengths behind the winner, was forced to con tent himself with second money. Shamrock appeared to be in fine condition, but his trainer asserts that he is too fat inside. There must be something wrong with him, for he has not once throughout the meet answered the expec tations of those who supported him. The next eTent on the cards, the North Australian Plato, was a gift to Nonsuch, and every one appeared pleased at the success of Flannery, who-has done far bettor at Ipswich than he did at Brisbane. The race may be described in a few words. Nonsuch went to the front as soon as the flag was lowered, was nerer caught, and won pretty well as he liked. He was not pushed throughout the race, except when ooming up the hill for the third time, when the mare tried very hard to get in front. Soon after passing the stand for the second time Proserpine attempted to secure the inside running, but was cleverly "blocked" by Driscoll, who rode the faTorite, and who has eridently not served his apprenticeship on the turf without "knowing a thing or two. There was a Terr close struggle up the straight between Volunteer and Proser pine for second place, and the former'seemed likely to win, but when within a stride from home the mare jumped to the front and secured for her owner some little compensation. Only three horses started for the Hack Stakes, which were secured by Wonderful. Through a mis* take of his jockey, who fancied that if he passed the long distance post he was safe, Barney, who was looked upon as likely to win, was distanced. Jack Hinton ran very well, but the other horse had the best of him. When the time had arrived for the decision of the fourth race —the Queensland Handicap—only three hones out of the four horses entered, faced the starter, as Premier and Bedeena were drawn. Neither Forrester or Orlando had the ghost of a chance against Mr. Pring's splendid colt, who again proved that few if any of the other hones in the colony could either equal or excel him. The old horse was cleverly ridden by Driscoll, who evi dently .made the most of him; but, though he ran Tery gamely, the colt was more than a match for him. He, howerer, ob tained the second prise—a sweepstakes of seren sots, from each hone for his owner. The Consolation Handicap, for all hones beaten during the meeting, brought out a field of three, and of these Chancellor was at once pronounoed the winner, for neither Chance nor Grey Wal laby, though aged hones, could give him weight Allowing the other hones to lead round the oonrse, Buddie kept the favorite well in hand until he reached the hill, when a sudden rush carried him to the front, fter which the race was his own. The last eTent on the card, was the Forced Handicap, for all winnen during the meeting, but when the weights were declared, only four hones accepted. Premier was the faTorite, although he carried top weight, and the result of the race showed that his backen' confidence was not misplaced. A Hurry Scurry, which was won by Mr. Duncan's Cash box, who was ridden by Davis, the jockey, whose collar blade was broken at the Metro politan meet, brought the day's sports to an end, and oon- eluded the wn"ml meet. Subjoined is a detailed aocount of the run ning :— Fibst Bacx. The Cobinthian Stakes of 50 sots., with a Sweepstake of 3 sots, each for the seoond horse; for all horses which have not won up£to the time of starting a prize of the value of 100 sots. ; 2 miles; carrying welter weight for age. To be ridden by members of any of the Jockey or Turf Clubs in the colony of Queensland. Entrance, 5 guineas. Mr. A. Niooll's eg. Jibboom, aged, list. 41bs. (Mr. Smythe) 1 Hon. J. P. Bell's r.g. Seclusion, 4 yean, lOst. 21bs (Mr. Persse) 2 Mr. J. Nolan's blk.g. Whalebone, 6 yean, llst.4lbs. (Mr. Wilson) 8 Mr. B. Little's eg. Shamrock, 6 yean, list. 41bs (Mr. Bowman) 0 Mr. H. Missing's b.g. Greyhound, aged, list. 41bs (Owner) 0 i Mr. W. Duncan's blk.g. Surplice dr. Bbtting.—Seclusion was the favorite; 3to to 1 against Shamrock; 6to 4 against Jibboom. A splendid start was effected without any difficulty, but after a few strides the lot scattered, Jibboom going to the front, having for his im | mediate attendants Seclusion and Greyhound, I Shamrock brought up the rear, hard held. Jib boom foroed the pace all round the course, and 1 obtained a strong lead, which h* kept without much difficulty. At the back of the course, Greyhound deprived the faTorite of the second position, and at the hill Seclaaion fell still farther behind. Coming up the hill for the second time, Greyhound showed signs of dis tress, and after a short time disappeared in the rear, and made way for Whalebone and Sham rook, who had a sharp race op the straight for the barren honor of third place, whioh the for mer managed to secure. Second Back. The Nobth Australian Platb of 150 sots., with a sweepstake of 5 sots, each added; for all horses; second hone to reoeire 25 sots, from the prize; 3 miles ; weight for age. Entrance, 7$ guineas. The winner to be sold for £250 if demanded within fifteen minutes after the race. Mr. L. Flannery's b.g. Nonsuch, aged, 9st. lUbs. (Driscoll) 1 Mr. W. Thompson's cm. Proserpine, 6 years, 9st. 111b. (Dowling) 2 Mr. B. Powell's c* Volunteer, aged, 9sk lllbs. 3 BsTTcra.—Nonsuch was backed against the field. When the signal was giren the lot started off in the easiest of canters, but, after a few strides, the favorite assumed the lead, which he increased at his leisure until about a dozen lengths separated him from Proserpine, who was second. The horses ran in this order round the course, but on coming up the hill for the second time, the mare and Volunteer gained on the favorite, and the lot passed the stand pretty well together, Konsuch leading by about a length and •/•half, Proserpine second, and Volunteer third. The third mile was traTersed at a good pace, but though both horses did their best to overhaul the faTorite, neither succeeded in coming along side him, and he passed the winning post a length and a-half a-head. There was a close race up the straight for second money between Volunteer and Proserpine, but at the last stride the Ipswich ohesnut clererly shot a-head, and won second place by half a length. Time, 6 mm. and 36 sec. The winner was not churned within the stipulated time. Thibd Bacb. The Hack Stakbs of 25 sots., for all un trained horses, with a Sweepstakes of 2 sots. each for the seoond horse; mile heats; weight for * age. The winner to be sold by auction immediately after the race for £30; any surplus to go to the Bace Fund. Post entrance, 2} guineas. Mr. McFadden's b.g. Wonderful, aged (Powell) 1 1 Mr. J. P. Jost's g.g. Jack Hinton, aged ..(Tyrell) 2 2 Mr. W. Buddies e.g. Barney, aged (McOabe) dis. 0 Mr. L. Flannery's blk.g. Centipede was en tered, but as it seemed likely he would be pro* tested against, he was drawn. After one false attempt, the trio were sent away on pretty fair terms. Jack Hinton was the first to show in front, and he cut out the running at a good pace; Wonderful was a good second, but Barney was right behind and ap peared to be reserring himself for the next beat. At the hill the bay hone came up and depriTed the grey of the lead, and after a sharp struggle landed his colon a length in advance of Jack Hinton. Barney was distanced. Second Heat.—Wonderful was the fevorito. Jack Hinton was the first away, and kept the lead all round the course up to the hill; when there, howeTer, the bay horse put on a spurt and came to the front, whioh position he kept past the winning post. The winner was put up for sale immediately after the race, but was bought in at the upset price— tu., £30. Fourth Bao. The Qubbnsland Handicap Swiiwtaob of 7 sots, each, with 150 sots, added; for all hones; to be handicapped by the stewards or whom they may appoint j 1} mile. The owner of the second hone to reoewe 25 sots, from the prise. Entrance, 7} guineas. Hon. B. Pring's b.c North Australian, 3 years, 7 st. (Bennett) 1 Mr. J. P. Jost's g.g. Forrester, aged, 9st. lib (Driscoll) 2 Mr. H. Thorn's g.g. Orlando, 4 yean, Bst. 2 lbs (Tyrell) dis. Mr. W. Buddies Premier and Mr. J. Fletcher's Bedeena were drawn. BsTTDra.—North Australian was backed at odds against the field. Immediately the starter lowered the flag, Or lando rushed to the front, and kept the lead for a short time, closely waited on by the favorite. North Australian passed the grand stand about a head in adTance of Orlando, but in a- Tory few strides took a clear lead. The old grey came up at the first quarter mile post, and, displacing his youthful anta gonist, secured the seoond place. He then drew up to within a length of the favorite, and put him on his metal for about a quarter of a mile, but on ooming up the hill it became en dent, that in spite of the exertions of Drisooll, who made the most of his horse, Forrestei£had no chance against the champion, who increased his lead up the straight, *nd won as he liked. Orlando, who for onoe did not bolt off the oeurse, was distanced by way of a change. Futh Back. The Consolation Handicap of 25 sots., for all hones beaten during the meeting; to be handicapped by the stewards or whom they may appoint; 1 mue, one eTent. Post Sntranoe, 2| guineas. Mr. W. Buddies g.o. Chancellor, 3 yean, Bst.7lbs. (Owner) 1 Mr. P. Powell's b.g. Chance, aged, Bst. 12lbs. (Tyrrell) 2 Mr. J. Nolan's g.g. Grey Wallaby, aged, Bst. 121bs. ... 3 Bbtttkg.—Chancellor was hacked against the field. Chancellor went to the front immediately the flag fell, and made play at a strong pace, fol lowed by Grey Wallaby, who assumed the lead at the back of the oourse. As they neared the hill, the faTorite, who had been from the start considerably in the rear, improTcd his position, and at the top of the rise challenged the leading hone, and after a few strides the grey fell be hind. The race for first place was then vir tually decided, for Chancellor came in an easy winner by a length. A close struggle for second place resulted in the bay hone landing his oolors about two lengths in adTanoe of Grey Wallaby. Sixth Bags. The Fobcbd Handicap of 5 sots, each, with 80 sots, added; for all winnen during the meeting; winnen of the Hack and Con solation Handicap optional; losers admitted on payment of the Sweep. To be handicapped by the Stewards or any person they may appoint. 1 mile and a distance. The winner to pay 10 guineas to the Bace Fund ; seoond horse to sare his stake. Mr. W. Buddies eg. Premier, aged, lOst. lOlbs (M'Cabe) 1 Mr. J. P. Jost's g.g. Forrester, aged, Bst. 71bs (CaTe) 2 Mr. W. Duncan's br.g. Bearguard, 6 yean, B«t.7lbs (Tyrrel) 8 Mr. J. M'Fadden's b.h. Creeper, aged, Bst. (Daris) 4 The following hones did not start:—North Australian, 9st.; Volunteer, Bst. 51b.; Blair Athol, Bst. Slbs.; Jibboom, Bst.; Nonsuch, Bst. Slbs. Kildare, Fusileer, and Seclusion were not handicapped, as their ownen did not intend them to run. BBrmro. —2 to 1 against Forrester; 6to 4 against Bearguard ; eTen on Premier, The starter was successful in despatching the quartette at the first attempt to an excellent start, and they kept well together for. some dis- i tance, but on passing the grand stand Bear guard held a slight lead, Forrester and Creeper second, and Premier last. These positions were not much Taried until the back of the course was reached, when Creeper disputed the su premacy of the brown horse and depriTed him of the lead. Coming up the hill Premier gained on his horses, and passed them by a sud den rush, whioh enabled him to secure the judge's decision in his favor. Forrester came in about a length and a-half behind the winning hone, and a similar distance separated him from Bearguard, Creeper was fourth. A Hubby Scubbt, for wliieh six horses started, was won by Mr. Duncan's Cashbox, Little Dorrit second. This concluded the annual meet of the North Australian Jockey Club. 