(lorrcspoiVDcnce. To tne- Editor of the Northern Amfva Dear Mr. Editor — Tho wcnthor has a groat deal t0. do with it, of that thoro's 110 doubt; but, I am most dosporaloiy annoyed. I novor wns more fussy in my life, and for half 1111 hour this morning, I was playing tlio tat-too 011 tho ground with, my foot, -.to tho annoy ance- of Harry, who said I'd bettor learn to play tho / bones, if I was fond of such music. When I enmo . down to bronkfast this morniiig, I found tlio papors on tha tnblo ; I always linvo thorn tlioro, as I considor thorn a portion of tlio breakfast equipage. Well, all of a sudden, I hoard an oxcluinatiou from Ilarry ; he is rather oxcitablo,. and. wlion ho is angry,, ho says that ho should liko to bo motamorpliiBcd into a bull, and : rush into a cliinn shop. Isn't it a strango fuuey ? "Bilt — Bitt," said ho, " who's l'itt?" " Whioh of them ? " I innocontly asked, thinking of course ho meant tho groat English statesman. Chatham or " Chat-tor,!' answered my husband, looking savage and nearly biting a piece out of his coffee cup—' " read' thai, and if you' vo got tho pluck of a man — no, woman I mean, you'll pitch into hint. Bitch! that's vulgar isn't it ? I did. read— tlion. roso slowly from, tho table, rang tlio belL with all tlio calnmoss of a Spartan woman, nnd desired Mary to remove tho. things. Aly liusbnnd, who had ecaroely swullowod liis- lasli pieeo of nnohovy toast, lookod on with a spooios of amazement, wliilo Freddy took tho opportunity of stoaliug a lump of sugar— tlio darling. I liftcdl my desk from its cornor— its plnco is just bohind tho littlo tnblo, whioh is covered with- a beautiful specimen of' crochet work, and down I sat, and began my Int-too- ing. " Araniinta, my dear," — " Don't say anything to me Hnrrv, I'm angry." And Hurry,, liko a sensible man, didn't; oxcept tho remark about tho bones. Ho then took up his hut, and wlion lie reached the door, he turned round to look at mo, lifted up his hand, nodded liis head oneo or twico, and thou disappeared; murmur ing something about "gad, I don't know what to mako of hor — cranky, by Jovo.," — Mr. C. W. Bills— yes, that's tho gentlomnn— und so lie lins written a letter which your contemporary has published, all about a passage in tlio Memorial. Ho might, havo cm- ployed liis timo bettor than by finding fault with what lie certainly couldn't mend ; but, perhaps, ho's one of thoso uucomfortnblo pooplo known by tlio names ot " grumblers," who are the descendants of Nox and Somnus, that is of Dnrlcnoss and' Slcop,. and who havo.- that species of cloudiuoss in their compositions which- tirgos tlioui to dolighb in making ovorybody uncom fortable, and who havo tlio somo species of pleasure- wlion they nre destroying scientifically tlio rcputatgiiv Vkj or happinoss of any ono, as Dr.. South udnHraffw' physicians liavo when thoy kill tlioir pntionts secunaU?'t artem. Mr. Bills first informs, us that lie has just v®: ' . returned irom tlio bush ; ergo , wo will suggest as a possibility that lio first took a journoy into it, for which piece of infoi-miilion wo are all highly indebted to him. Ar'nt wo ? Ho then tolls us that after ho- had taken off his boots and spurs,. I10 refroshod him self, another gratifying piece of news ; with what, do you suppose ? A nico juicy point steak, pickles, and a-, pint of VVhitbroad's Entire! No such thing, but ho read tho report of our ' Monster Mooting," which I consider was a monstrous absurdity on his part, bo foro lie had a good night's rest. Now, wo would "have- somo talk with this sninc learned Tlioban," whoso read ing extends from tho ABC in tlio pretty painted Alphabet books up to Barnum and Cobbott. " In my youth," writes Mr. Bitt, " I tried to read up plain English." Then lot 1110 obsorvc, sir, that you. completely failed ; and I really can't seo, why you should beatthopains to givo us ail oouhir demonstration of tho fact. "But I inn utterly confounded by tlio mysterious depths of your verbose inomorial," says- Mr. I'itts. Now, isn't that Bhooking ? poor follow! -. utterly confounded by tho depths of a moinoritil, what; >' would ho bo if ho tumblocl into tho swamp at tlio top- of Bolsovor-stroet — " It would bo confoundntionr worso confounded. Isn't ha nmusing ? He's a eon- juror too, lio has changed tlio " monster " into a " verbose," what's that p But is it a sequitur (I think that's spoltright), that boaausotho juvonilo Pitts tried. to road up plain English, that I10 should bo con founded by a "mysterious depth, 3 when lie must bo just approaching tho slippcr'd pantaloon ? I can't under stand this, but, then Mr. Bitts would havo enough to- do if ho furnishoil ovory woman with an understandings wouldn't lie? Wlion I iirst read this passagcl thoughtof tlio Elotisiniaii mystcrios, tho mystorios of U dolpho and of thoso " obliqua momorials," spoken about ill Troilus and Crossida ; but I must leave Mr. Bitts in liis depths, ns the Bishop did my Lord Roohostor. And tehal doos " reading up plain English mean ? Tlio foolish follow I His grmidmotliai could liavo taught him tlint. Didn't ho understand plain English when lie popped tho question ? Why ho could havo found very easy rending iu "Goody Two Shoos," and " Littlo Jack Horner," nnd in thoso liighor olassics, "Jnelc tho Giant Killor," and "Cottage Economy." Hurry was tolling 1110 tho othor day that thoy spoke very plain English at tho Diggings. Go thoio tlion, Mr. Bitts, and your progress will bo rapid. I havo heard that Billingsgate nnd St. Gilos's are oxeallont Bcliools, and wliero tho motliar tonguo is spokon strongly as woll as vory plainly. But liero'a strango con fession — tho gentleman is fond of confessing to tlio public, a ninny 1 Why can't I10 kcop his sins looked up ? I do initio. " To inititinte myself in fsie) this frantic stylo of writing, I fjund at Chapter XII. of ' Barnum's History of Humbugs of tlio World,' " tlion follows what I10 found, and what do you think that was ? Why, " a liat, dancing 011 tlio floor of an oystor shop." Isn't that wilty ? Sly follow ! — of courso ho means that tlio memorialists nro htimbugB, tlio momorinl an ' old hat,' and Govornnient Houso an oystor shop. Isn't that a hit — "a most palpablo hit." " To initiate himsolf in, ho found," &o.; What clear ness of expression 1 What splondid grammar ! If a porson finds a Chapter XII;, doos ho initiate hhnsolf ? Docs I10 moan vaccinate ? What will his friend' Cobbott saj' when ho meets him in tho grammatical portion of tlio Elysian fields ? Ho will say, " My doar Pitts, you can't initiate yourself in anything ; you must stop before you got to tho "in." Yoife --ji tumblo into tho wator, Mr. Pitts, and when ty JEt j can swim, in it." I liavo turnod this sentonco ovor aiul ovor, as I do my famous wlion I am making tlioin, but although I can manago lo digost tho latter, tho formor sticks in my olicst. " But," continues Mr. Bitts, "I must say that at tho risk of appauring presumptuous, I am at a loss to under stand why tlio intolligoiicc of Rookhampton should dunco to tlio following tunc." Horo follows tho quota tion from the Memorial. Why "must?" Thoro was not tho slightest occasion for you to say anything at -1 all ; do you think tlioro wns, Mr. Editor ? It's my 1 opinion (supposing you meant, Sir, what you wished' to mako us understand) that you are oxcoodingly pre sumptuous ; but then you seo, Mr. Pitts, you haven't expressed yoursolf correctly. No ono can bo acousod of proBumption if ho oonfess ignoruiico, ns you linva dono ; presumption it is wlion a person doclarcs his opinion upon a subjoot upon whioh lio knows nothing. But presumption it is not to confess inability or igno rance. If a pig woro to iiml fault with tha mnnnor in which a pigeon flow, it would be excessively prosump- 1 luous ; but if tlio pig woro to say,-" Pigeon, I am at a loss to undorstand how you fly, it would ho an oxpros- sion of unintoUootual discormiiont. Did you ovor, Mr. I Editor, honr ol " Intelligoiico " dancing P Now, isn't that downright funny P Ho must bo a droll follow, this Mr. Pitts. But porhaps Rookliampton " intelli gence" con dnnco P I wondor what sort of a partner it would mako in a country hop, or a Highland fling, or j nn Irish jig. Wo shall hoar soon that it lias out out Mr. Massoy at tho trapeze olio, which Harry talks' so ( much about. Oh, dear, donr! I'm getting, good i tcmporoditMr. Pitts is so amusing ; lie's as good as n k play. _ OMLdmcy a few linos of proso boing n "tuna 1" f Isn't it a aofcious idea— quito pootio. And you may do- pendupon it it is tlio vory tunc that "intolligonoo" dances to, and tho solf-saiuo ono that tho cow died of. I am so thankful our Aristarohus pormits mo' to " tako breath." boforo I read his concluding splendid invocn- tiou, Mjhich is ns magnificent in its way as lAjax'8 prayor for light, or Hnmlot's nppoal to tho ghost of murdered Denmark, rj-mny tho slmdo of Oobbott dofoiul us from this Now Ehglnud hyporboio P" Jeminy 1 Isn't that wonderful ? my vory hair pins stood up on my head, " liko quills upon tho fretful poroupino," whon I road it. Fanoy now the shado of tlio old domooratical mombor for Oldlinm, rising up with his gingham umbrella spread wido open nnd standing betweon Mr. Pitt and a Now England hyperbole, liko Ajnx's with his shield boforo tho fallen Patroelus. What is an " hyperbole," my doav Bir ; it must bo somotliing more horriblo tlmn " horned vlii- nocoros or Hyrcnn tigor or tlio ghost of Gilos Scrog- gins," if it frighten such a horo as Mr. Pitts. How enn a slmdo defend p t know that my voraiulah, wliioh has a bouutiful cnnvolvulus trailing ovor it, dofonds my oyc3 from tlio sun ; but tlio iden of tlio slmdo of an ill-natured old followor, but a long way off, of Priscianus dedonding an oldorly gonllomau against an byporbolo in Rookliampton, puzzles mo altogether, doesn't it youP. Only imngino for nn instant, how awful must Mr. Pitts' oxtont of reading bo whon ho calls jboforo us n Barnum and a Cobbott ; wo shall havo hiin noxt summoning up Bnvius ami Mravius to protoot him from a falso quantity in his grrjmdson's first attompt iu Latin licxmuoturs. You tiro a vory ill-natured pel sonago Mr. Pitts, audi only vriah Hurry hud tho bundling of you for about ten miuutos, you would bo confoundod thou. The poor men of Rookhninpton who havo boon badly used by a wickod Governor and bis horrid ministers ; who nro feeling most acutely tlioir position, and who nro smart ing bonontli injuries, writo a memorial and send it to that Governor, praying for redress, nnd you, liko an old Thorsitos as you are, " Chnt'crltig still .. With many Idlu nnd disordered words." must turn tlioir endeavors into ridiculo. You ought to bo osbamod of yoursolf. I wish you lind all Iho taxos to pay yoursolf, I do ; and if I could only collootf tho ad valorem upon tho valuo you sot upon youraol I should bo able to free tho colony front debt ; you horrid man, I could. Will you, pleaso, for tho futuro hold your tongue, or clso take out all your words and wipo them boforo you speak them. You do run so very fast, that in your hurry you liavo passed your own gato aud tumbled into a puddle. I am vory fond of criticism, but I liko to seo a little fruit us woll as leaves uud to criticiso tho languago of oxasperatcd men seeking their rights, is perfect malice and onvy and nil other unolmritablonoss. I shall propose, through Harry of course, that whon tlio noxt memorial is writton, that you sit with a body of Areopagites of your own stamina, in judgment upon it before it is priutod, and then it will bo perfect, and you know' you enn shako your hond liko my Lord Burleigh, or the priestess of tbo Lydinn god, who nearly dislcatod tlioir nooks in tlio performance. Tlion (I don't moan wlion your neck is nearly dislocated) you can pronouiico your dicta with all tbo confidence and tho wisdom of a Solomon, and launch forth with all tho cloqucnco of a — Pitt. (O ! what a falling is there—" Look on that picture, then on this.") Mr. Pitts, you filled a bladdor with wind, into which you hnd previously droppod a few pons, and with all the vanity of tho. lly upon tho wheel, you cried out, " hark ! what a noise wo inako." But I say to you, as l'lutaroh said of the phyisician, " "iVlio boasts of healing jioor anil rloli, Yot is himself alt ovor ttch." Is nothing moro nor less than n ; no I won't: but I wish Harry wore liore to writo what I mean. And now prytboo, Mr. Pitts go and scratch yourself, " Balis superque." Yes, Mr. Editor, it is enough, but I am out of all paticnco with tho mail, and wish, with all my honrt ho would go iuto tho bush again and novar Wuio bnck to refresh liiinsolf by rending a moworial. I am, dear ill'. Editor, L VHFuurs very faithfully, but still vory angry, f \T ARAMINTA. P.S. — Don't you think the gonllcmon who wroto Uio memorial ought to mako mo a nroscnt of a now bonnet, or a suit of knickerbockers for dear little Freddy ? I shouldn't bo above accepting either — or both. 