ARTEMUS WARD. (From the Illustrated Theatrical Kacs.) A brief sketch of some of the incidents in he career of Artemus Ward, gleaned from an merican source, may not be uninteresting to ur readers. Charles" F. Brown was born in S34 at a village called Waterford, in Oxford ounty. When quite a boy he entered a rinting office, and was considered a very kilful manipulator at the case, hut becoming tired of seeing the same old faces every day, he started upon a tour and visited all the principal places in New York, stopping at each town for a brief period, and working at his trade. He afterwards settled in Boston, where he worked with stick and rule until his abilities enabled him to reach the editorial chair. Comic stories and comic essays were his forte, and his writings soon obtained the greatest popularity. Tiring of Boston, he made his way to the west. On the shores of Lake Erie and on the banks of the Ohio and Mississippi he gleaned that knowledge ot western life and acquired that acute insight into the comic side of western character which stand out so conspicuously in his humorous sketches. Bavins; reached Cleveland, he became editor of the. Plaindealer. It was at this period of his life that he adopted the pseudonym of Artemus Ward. In the autumn of 1S60 he came to New York, and was engaged in the editorial department of Vanity'Fair. His first attempt at lecturing was at Norwich, Conn., since which he has attained to great celebrity as a comic lecturer. His chief subjects were the Babes in the Wood, Sixty Minutes in Africa, an Hour with President Lincoln, Artemus Warde's Struggle with the Ghost, and Life Among the Mormons. In 1SG3 he sailed for California, where lie made a most successful tour, and realised large sums of money by his lecfuring. ^ On one occasion, at Piatt's music- hall. San Francisco, the receipts amounted to 1,405 dollar?. At San Jose the place was illuminated with far-barrels on the night of. his arrival. At Santa Clara, the building not being sufficiently large, the whole audience adjourned to the open air, while Artemus, supported by Mr. Hingston, his agent holding two wax candles, spoke his piece under, the star-spangled canopy of Heaven. On bis way to the Salt Lake City he was captured by Indians, and narrowly escaped scalping. Returning through the rocky nionnti/ins the sleigh was broken, and Mr. Brown and Mr. Hingston had to walk some miles through tbe snow at midnight, followed by a troop of hungry wolves, which thrv kept"at bay with their revolvers. He returned to New York in 1804. where lie attracted immense audiences by lecturing upon his travels in California and Salt Lake City. _ _ 