THE- COUNTRY. .-? : . — «s-— ? - The Murray at Eohuca is 8 feet 4. inches above summer level, and rising rapidly. The Plains beyond Batesford now swarm wi'h plover; many of them are of the spur-wing variety. . . THE BALLARVT VVCOD UABTEK3 now go lor wood within a mile of the town of Smythes dale. ' A fine young Man, named John Ai-msti-ong, son of a farmer at Birregurra, was killed on Thursday, 11th inst., by the kick of a horse. A Greek, named . John Mellios, has been hadly hurt by a fall of earth in the Glasgow Eeef Company's claim, Sandhurst. ... An Effort is aboul, to be made in Ballarat to establish a home similar to the Refuge in Melbourne, for unfortunate women. ^ Collections have been made in several Wesleyan churches in the neighborhood of Geelong in aid of the numerous sufferers by the floods in New South Wales. A man, NAirajD George Nepean was shock ingly hurt by the unexpected explosion of a blast in the All Nations claim, Woods Point, on Saturday. The Buninyongshire Council has let the Winter's Flat toll-gate for the first year at £2013, to Mr Martin Fanning. One of the persons tendering offered the, sum «f £400 only. .-.:?' , The Cattle Trade between Welshpool aud , New ? Zealand is about to be resumed, instruc tions having been received. at this port, by their agent, Mr James, that the arrivals of the barques Kate Waters and Island City may be: expected for that purpose. ; .?? , * : The TALBOTsniRE Council regards the pro- ^ posed amendments in the law relating to. public houses as threatening tbe revenues of sbires and road board districts, and advises imprisonment instead of fines as a means of putting a stop to sly-grog selling. The council has issued a cir cular to all the other local bodies, urging this view of the matter in requesting co-operation. A serious accident happened recently to the Rev. Mr M'Kail, Presbyterian minister, which disabled him from attending at the meet ing of the Wimmera Presbytery, at Pleasant Creek, held on Wednesday lost. Mr Craig, of North Coraok station, was driving him from that place in a buggy, when, the horse became restive, and kicked the rev. gentleman rather severely. A man named Thomas Moean, evidently of unsound mind, was arrested by the Kyneton police en the 10th inst. Oa being searched a large butcher's knife was found, as also tws de posit receipts for £100 each, and other money. He .stated he purchased the knife to save his throat from being cut. He was brought before tlio lnp.nl fionvf,. tmd rfimanded for medical in quiry. ?:.!': ... .: The GreaTjRailway:. Conference was held at Wangai-atta on the 10th inst. . There were fifty-six delegates . present, from . the . various public bedies, and railway, leagues. There was a long discussion, and great rivalry between some, ef the local representatives, but they unanimously agreed 'that amemorial be pre pared and signed by all the delegates present, to the Governor mi Council, ^urging that active and immediate steps be taken to con-, struct a line of railway to the Ovens and Mur-; rxy districts.' ? William Sevron was brought up at the Sand hurst Police Court, on Saturday, and charged with defrauding the Court Bendigo A.O.F; The information of John' George Whitelock was then read, charging prisoner, a member of Court Bendigo No. 13549, with obtaining posses sion of £3 belonging to the court, on 7th July, and withholding the same. Mr Casey stated the case, and informed the bench that a memr ber of the order having met with a serious ac cident fa miner named Meinkin who was' rendered blind by a blast going off in a quartz claim), a subscription of £3 from Court Victoria was paid to prisoner, to be handed into Court Bendigo for the charitable object in view, but it never had been handed over. The case having been proved to the satisfaction of the bench, Sevron was ordered to pay £6 and £3 costs, or to be imprisoned for three months. Another Sensational Event occurred at Break-o'-Day, on Tuesday, 9th inst., as we learn from tho Register's correspondent. Amannamed Clemensen went 'to the residence of Smyth, a neighbor, and the two had some misunder standing, and angry words passed. Clemensen went home and returned with a revolver, which he presented at Smyth, but it missed fire. A bystander, namett Jb'ossiC, mterierea, ana Clemensen then presented the weapon at him, saying he would shoot him. Meanwhile, Smyth got out at the back of his house and fetched Constable Redding. On their way back two wemen informed the constable' that Cleinenseii was in the hotel lately occupied by George Searle, and that he had the revolver with him. The constable at once went quietly to tbe house, and rushed in upon Clemensen unawares, and thus secured him before he had the opportunity of using the weapon. It was at once taken from him, and he was, taken to the lock-up at Rokewood. On examination the revolver was feund to be fresh loaded in one chamber, and there were caps on the nipples of the empty ones. Cleinenseu is addictedto drink, and then has jealous fits. This is the only explanation that can be given for his murderous attempt. A fire took place at Hawkesdale, near Bel fast, on tke 12th inst., by which the store and hotel belonging to Mr William Scarlett, were destroyed. From the Belfast Gazette we loam the following particulars:—' On the Friday night, wheu the family retired, the place was to all appearance perfectly safe. There were sleeping in tho houso, Mrs Scarlett and chil dren, a servant girl and two men. At half past two o'clock in the morning Mrs Scarlett was awakened by the explosion of a half pound canister of gunpowder, whieh had been lying in tho window of the store. She imme diately got up and saw that the store was on fire, which was then about half-way up the window. The alarm was immediately given. A strong wind was blowing at the time, and tho hotel was speedily in flames. Strenuous efforts were made, but special men tion deserves to be made of the female ser vant, Eliza Ann James, who, at the imminent risk of her' own life, rushed into the blazing building to the room were tho children were sleeping, and carried them safely through the flames. The house had been till very reoently insured for £600; the insurance, however, ran out, and unfortunately for the sufferer was not renewed. The stock was »insured in the Victoria Fire and Marine Insurance Company for £300. Mr Scarlett estimates his loss at about £700. An inquost resulted in attribut ing the fire to incendiariBm. Shopkeepers and other resil Tents on Benligo. are betaking themselves to the new diggings at Myers' Creek. . . A Little Girl, three years -n ? age, daughter of a miner named Samuel Better s, near Epsoin, died on Saturday from the effiw ts of injuries received the previous evening b;y her clothea catching fire. . . ' Another Woman has died suddenly in James Drew's shanty at Epsom. It i s said shs had been drinking heavily, and was ttiiffering from delirium tremens. There will be ;an inquiry— ? a real inquiry, it is to be hoped. '? ? A large dam belonging to ta party of : Chinese, in Deep Creek, near Greeds-hills, gave way on the 12th inst., and the wate:iS swept away portions of the crops on the low Ijriing ground ; adjacent, and did other damage. ? ii ? ? The Anniversary of the Bats s.e of the Boyne was celebratedj on 12th inst..,; by a. grand banquet of district members of the .Orange In stitution, ' at the Exchange Holt j]j,; Britlge street, Ballarat. Nearly two huntU^ d persons were present. : :: Peter Petersen was working in the Lady Darling claim on the Redan, San-3 hurst, on Saturday, when the shaft on a stage, jgave way, -??'- and precipitated him thirty feet to 4'a e bottom. ' Curiously enough, ho got off with a iki w broken ribs.. ??'?'? . ' ' ; ?.?.??;? ? The Lerderderg overflowed its banks on the 12th inst., the water mnning Rith great force across the road at 'Bacchus M'q i*sh. As we leam from the West Bourke (2uardian\ there must have been heavy rain a c ibrig the Blackwood ranges. . ? -?'??* ? '?- [A. Man named Michael Curry was comf . mitted on 12th inst., at Kilmore, fore e .using tha ? death of one Michael Herbert, a briiker. De- r ceased was; struck. without any appar e nt provo catiou, and having fallen on his hea«t, concus sion of the brain ensued. ; ,;.... A man named Black, late ah inma te of thei Ballarat Benevolent Asylum, and vjj ose niind; appears to have been deranged, latya ly rushed naked, or almost naked, from his vt id m to the: matron's room, and menaced her in, {so violeiiS a manner as to cause her to be qu\b 3 ill froia , fright. Fortunately her cries bro ig ;ht assist ance, and the man was securec. ?. ? ., ? , !Insueanoe r Companies this seascm demandj twelve per cent, for insuring the ste ax aboats on the Mui-ray River, and.one per cent, -per voyage on cargo. So states the Boarder P-x it, adding that 'this is tantamount to a rejection of Murray River risks', and it is said thajb so far as the boats are concerned, none of tlj e owner.3 : will insure this year ; the insurance.' of cargo, j : we suppose, is a matter for the cons ignees to ' consider.' ' ' _. j .'. ? , '. \'s,[ Bacchus Marsh was visited by' a' perfect' hurricane on the 10th inst, wliich con tihued with unremitting violence ? till late that night. It appears to have Jfc-9en more ; severely felfc in and round Darley, where several ancient trees were torn up by th'eiir / ' roots, and the ground covered with large ; branches detached from others. -Only wne ' house was damaged to any extent, winch was ?;!. that, tenanted by Mr J. Payue, the root' being blown completely off and deposited some yards'' * away. ? ..??,' Dr. O'Reilly, of Kyneton, met a severe ac- ' cident a few weeks ago. He was returning , from Woodend, after dark, and shortly after j: passing Springfield, was. thrown from hifr horse with great violence upon a heap of broken metal lying by the roadside. _ When found ho. was quite insensible, and it. is con-v,. jectured that he must have been lying where'r he was thrown for some hours. Upon ex amination it Svas discovered that he had sus tained a very extensive fracture of , the skull He was conveyed to his home, and remains.. in a' verv danseirous condition. , . Jonathan Watts Brown, a shareholder in ; the Hope Company's, claim, Southern Cross ; Lead, Beauford, has sustained a sovere injury to his right hand, rendering partial amputa tion thereof probably necessary. . He was standing at the door of the purap-sbaffc whilst; the bucket was, boing raised for tho.purpose of changing^ While ascendhig the shaft the bucket somehow jammed ; Brown put forth his hand and laid hold of the rod to disengage ? the bucket, when .in doing, so the capstan of the bucket gave a sudden spring upward and ' the mischief was done. . ; Robert Sellars, late town clerk of Steig litz, was charged, at the local Police Court, on ;12th inst., with not having paid over xertalin moneys belonging to the borough council. He '- had received on behalf of the council sums amounting in the aggregate to £243 18s, but of this amount he had only paid into the bank £218 4s 2d, leaving £25 13s lOd to bo ac counted for. The defendant urged that he had not been aware of any deficiency ; he had endeavored to make it up, but had been unable to 'do so, 1? wing to the oppressive steps adopted by the council, and that he had no means of doing so at present. The bench v sentenced the prisoner to three months' im- p.tisomnont. The Late Rains appear to have ^produced disagreeable results in the lower portion of the Sandhurst district. The water in the storm water channel at the Potteries, Huntley, rose higher than has been known for a longtime past.' At the new rusk, Myer's Creek, .on Thursday, almost the whole of the new claims ] ' w,ero under water, a perfect stream ninning through them' The same day and night the . quantity of rain which fell in .Sandhurst was upwards, of three-quarters of an inch, being 85-100ths, making the total up to nine o'clook : on Friday morning, during the present' mouth, 2 62-lOOths inches. The total quantity that '?? fell duiing the last month was 3.12-lOOtha inclies. The -total quantity that fell during tho Inst month was 3 ? 12-100ths inches,; so that in less than six weeks there has been a downfall oif a fraction under 5£ inches. The Funeral of Michael Callinan, killed on 11th inst » at the Band of Hope^Com pany's^No. 2 shaft, took placo on Saturday, and, according to the Star, ' was remarkable as having been the most numerously attended of ' ; any private funeral in this district.' Our con temporary proceeds to state that Callinan waa ?38years'of age, a native of Ennistimon, County ' ?dlore, Ireland, and, together with his parents and several brothers, had. resided in the dis trict sinco 1858. ' I^tp'e early days of gold djgging, when rough ppt^iods of settling dis putes prevailed, deceased* was always known as a pacificator, and: had a good deal of in fluence over his countrymen. Ho fought on the popular side at the Eureka Stockade, and was wounded there on tho evontful Sunday morning in 1854. Of late he had not boon ? vory fortunate in the world, and loaves nothing behind for his widow and fivo childi-on. We believe the company '-intends to do something I for them and already a sum of money has been I granted from their accident fond.', I Mb James Henry; B. ueewell, of Daylesferd ed very suddenly on Jihe.l2th:inst. . He was old colonist, and ap pi irently much respected his neighborhood. ''';..'' A Hut, belonging to- ;a man named Layfdrd, was burned to the groian d at Sandf ord, Hamil on distriot, last week. Mrs Layford was in ho hut at the time, and', being unable to make her escape, was literally T)urnt to ashes. Thh man William , F-ohnson, who cut his own throat at Majorca, en the 6th of last June, and who has been an inmate of , the Mary borough Hospital ever since, died on the 12th inst. ? ? Mb Lachlan M'Alisi am, of Sale, met with a severe accident a few :-!ays ago, while riding af tor cattle. His horse ? tell in a crab hole, and came, with his whole wei{.(htuponMrM'Ali3ter's chest. ; ?',-.. The Little Daughter, aged four and a half years, of Mr Powell, the. 'highly respected yeo ?'?' man of Bnringhup, fell i at o a bucket of scalding water on .Sunday, and slie died soon after, as 1 much from the shock as ft ie scald. ? Ah Poo, a Chinese C- » :vert to Christianity, was baptised on the 10 th in the' Presbyterian : Church, Horsharu, by thtv Rev. P. Simpson,; by the name of 'Peter.' 'lOHia Eev. P. Simpson spoke highly of the progress of the mission among the blacks in the 'W immera district. The yield of the Para di ae ' Vineyard, Bates ford, has been very poor; owing to the devas tation caused by the grasshopper and dry weather. Mr Nadenbusdh,1 the lessee of No. 2 Vineyard, which contains sine acres of vines, in full bearing, has only obtained 17 hhd of wine. : Another Vineyard Re!xubn has been fur nished to the Geelong Advertiser by Mr Peter Diettrich, of Fyansford, wiho states that from ( five and a half acres of vines, in full bearing, he has obtained 12 Ions ' of grapes and 30 hogsheads of wine. The saccharometer gives the strength of the Herroatage at 18 degrees. The strength of the white varieties ranges between fourteen and sixteen degrees. Mb Jeremiah Coffey, of. Spring-hill, has, by the last mail, received a;. letter from a Mr i Louis Duyon, Paris, in whic^i Mr Coffoy is ad dressed as a ' brother exhibitor' (in French), and asked to assist the writer in making known in Australiathe nature of baa (Duvan's) exhi bits, reciprocity to recomtnsnd Mr Coffey's articles in France being jpromised in ex change. . : A very Heavy Flood is -coming down the Murrambidgee, as we learn from the Biverine Herdld. The river has oveirflowed its bank at Hay to the extent of two or three miles on each side of the river. CofrV's coach has been unable to approach the township for the last four or five days, and the mails are conveyed in boat3. A large number of 'drays have been delayed from crossing the river. ? In the neighborhood oof Kochfskd the . inhabitants have been frighteised by what some call a ghost, and others a balboon. He has been several times seen in 'Mv Musty 's pad deck, laying violent hands Tijaon the sheep, several of which he has killed,' but has always managed to make his escape- unhurt. The Lancefield Guardian remarks, 'he is a baboon, and has probably oaeaped from the Zoological Gardens.' ; . A Quantity of Hay, about 100 tons, .has within the past few days been pressed at Bal larat, and forwarded to, Melbourne for shipniont as fodder for horses oil the jmssage to India. . Mr- Nicboll, of Armstrong-street, sent; sixty tons, and Mr Laing, Creswick-road, forty tons. The Star remarks that 'the time for the ex ecution of such an order was very opportune,^ and though without visible effetct on the list of I the prevailing low prices, the : new demand had 1 a favorable effect in relieving tie. market of an 1 over-supply.' 1 The Lambing in Riverina,, this season, is 1 most favorably reported upon ty the Pastoral 1 Times : — ' On many stations fthe returns have I been higher than for years past, the grass' 1 having given strength to the ©wes. On some 1 -of the Billabong stations the* returns amount 1 io about 105 jfer cent., but th- oy are rare— -35 I and 95 per cent, is common emiough. We hear 1 that the returns of lambs for- -the whole of the § Biverine plains are likely to '-exceed the esti 1 mated quantity of two millions.' I A Young Man named Alison, a resident of I Sandhurst, had a very narrow escape from 1 death v last Saturday whilst .on his way from I Ballarat. He had proceeded on his journey 1 and got as far as Glengower,, sind in attempting I to cross a creek which had 'become, flooded by I the heavy rains, the horse lie rode was earned I off its legs, and he himself ioHt.his seat. With I great difficulty he gained th* bank, and after § wards succeeded in getting 'the horse from tLe 1 water, but in such an exha-nsited state that he 1 was compelled to lead it for a, considerable dis I tance. | At the Geelong Police Court, 12th inst;, Mr I Oadwallader, station master at the railway* was 1 fined Is, with 10s 6d cosfs, for assaulting n 1 cabman named Winter, «/; the terminus, last 1 week. It appeared that, in accordance with I instructions, the station master warned the I non-contracting cabinenn. under recent regula I tions, not to enter the er.volosure, but the plain I tiff insisted on backing lap to the platform, on I the plea that he had come to fulfil an engage § ment. Mr Cadwallader ! -ejecting the man by I force led to the case appearing before the § bench. ' i . 1 The Books of the Bel Fast Shire Counoil have I been shamefully tampered^ with, as we learn from thpiBanwen' It is Mated that the greater portion of two pages of ihe ledger of 1862-3 has been torn out, and pflQL- the journal entries from 3rd May to 30th September, 1863. Some of the defaced portions of 'the ledger refer to Mr' Hourigan's accounts, and the dates corres J pond with those on the c'.efaced pages of the j journal. Thepages being; torn but irregularly I a portion of an entry is vli 3iblo, but the money I column is torn out. It it ; asserted that these 1 mutilations of the books i have been made to I ' cover serious irregularities in connection ! with 1 a contract. ; I I A very Exciting Soenb1, in connection with I the dissolution of partaumOiip of a well-known I firm in the farriery and blacksmith trade, in I Hargreaves-street, Sand'au rat, occurred in front I of their premises, on Mocaday afternoon. It I appears that tho two partners could not agree I as to tho ownership of soinie of the property, in clnding tho large sign tvhich extended across the pathway, and one of? them seized the, sign, and was carrying it off, when his claim was dis puted by tho other. A struggle ensued, and blows wero exchanged, wvien .one of tho i belli gerents caught up a amall'liammor psed in 'the shop, and dealt a blow o} i tho cheek of tho : other, inflicting u deep gaij h. A doctor had to I be procured to attond to til g wounded man, who I Trill eventually, thinks' tho Advertiser, call in | the aid of tho lawyers to pattle tho quarrel. A Nugget weighing 67 oz is said to have been found in. the neighborhood of Taradale. A Mechanics' Institute is in a fairway of being established at Mount Blaekwood. Mr William Vale, formerly of Ararat, has been appointed secretary to the Western Bail way Extension League. A. Laborer, residing at Glenlyon, who had on him when apprehended a deposit receipt for £20 and £A 4s 6d in cash, has been ar rested at Daylesford, and several petty rob beries proved against him. A Miner, named Patrick Sitright, employed by the contractor in taking atone out of the Homeward Bound Reef, Hillsborough, fell down the shaft on Monday morning, and was killed on the spot. The unfortunate deceased fell a depth of 140 feet. There is now a sufficient quantity of water in the Ballarat Swamp available far boating purposes, and as a consequence the owners of boats have already commenced to set their houses in order before the season commences, which will be as soon as the weather takes up. The Castlemaine Paving Company have been exhibiting a monster slab obtained from the company's ground at Barker's Creek, and consigned to Mr Thorburn, their agent, Lons dale-strcet, Melbourne. The stone is 16 ft. 3 in. long by 5 ft. 7 in. wide, and 3 J in. thick. It is quite free from flaw throughout. . The Coliban and Gahpaspe have been flooded by the late rains. The Kyneton mail from M'lvor was carried over the scaffolding of the new bridge on the 11th inst., and sent on to Kyneton in a spring cart. The cart however upset in a swollen creek at the Black Hill, and tho greater portion of the mail lost. A Fracas recently took place on Majorca, between the late Mayor of Craigie, J. E. Wilr liams, and Mr Adam. At first the M. and D. Advertiser represented Mr Adam as having made a most inexcusable aggression, but; our contemporary has since intimated tljtat Mr Adam is much respected in his own locality, and that ' there are always two sides to a story.' ... [ ' The Number of Names 'on the roll of the Creswickshire for the ensuing year is 936, being. an increase of 153 only for tho year. It was generally expected that during the' present year, there would have been a much greater ac cession to the roll than 153, observes ; the Advertiser. It in no way tallies with the number who have token up land tinder the 42nd section. . . ??.''? The Omeo Distinct is becoming rather celebrated for cases of sticking-up. On last Saturday night or early on Sunday morning, whilst a miner engaged at work in the French man's claim was returning from the township, . after attending a mining meeting, he was.met by two men who accosted him in anything but polite language, and demanded his money. Although he was possessed of only. lls he refused to surrender. According to his own statement, he was forthwith knocked down and deprived of his small amount of capital. The men were subsequently arrested. . ?? A Distemper which is perplexing farmers and breeders has broken out among pigs near Kyneton. Several have lost the whole of their farrows, and others the greater number.. From a breeder who , had two sowsvf arrow a short time ago, the Guardian learns that he lost the whole of one litter of thirteen, and of another he only saved four. Shortly after farrowing .the sows Beemed.to be extremely sick, and ap peared as if r'about . to die ; they were almost unable to suckle then- young. Their food pre vious to farrowing had been their usual allow ance of potatoes and meal. - , The suicide of Alex. M'Culldch, brother of the well- known carrier at Barinahup, is thus referred to by the Tarrengoioer Times : — 'f He, had obtained employment with Mr Gallagher, and oh Tuesday he had several drinks at Lil lie's public-house; Baringhup, and obtained credit upon the strength of his employment. He also purchased a bottle of gin, as. he said to last him on the road to Gallagher's 1 It was noticedaa rather curious that he impressively shook hands with all at Lillie's, and bade them ' good bye,' but it was probably only looked upon as the vagaries of a half-drunken in an. He left with a man who walked part of the way with him, and then returned to Lillie's. -On Friday, Mr M. Bryant and one of his ser vants were breaking in a colt, when they came upon the body of M'Culloch, whose throat was cut, and several gashes made in his left wrist and arm. Tho bottle of gin was found ia such a position that it could not have been capsized. All the contents were gone, excepting about a wineglass full. The doctor who made the post mortem examination is of opinion that the deceased had drank him self intoxicated, and then made several at .tempts to cut his throat, using his right-hand, aul cutting from -right to left— the razor each time falling from the throat to the wrist. Deceased was buried in the Mnldon Cemetery, on Sunday, and was followed by his brother, to whom the melancholy news had beea tele grophed. The Rev. A. Robbwas the officiating clergyman, and we are glad to say did not re fuse the last religious offices' to the erring dead.' The Lost Children. — The following letter, said- to have been written by tho fathers of tho lost children, from Daylesford, appears in a local newspaper: — 'To the Editor of the Express.— Sir,; — Now that the public excite ment has partially subsided with regard to the three lost boys, we beg to return our sincere and heartfelt thanks to the inhabitants of Day lesford and surrounding districts for the great and praiseworthy search they have mada for the recovery of the children. None have i been more astonished than we havo been at the mighty phalanx of human aid— aye, and brute aidi too— that have been engaged in ? this searoh ; and although nil efforts have been un successful, the pHbljc sympathy evinced has^ been a source of great ponsolation to our selves and the distressed, mothers. When we have returned hbnie, rilgljt after night, to tell the samo sad tale of o\xv want «*f success ; when we have recounted to thom the deeds of endurance and energy, and tho great sacrifico of time and money this community hayemif-. fered, their tears have been dried, and wojhavo all been satisfied with tho assurances that all' that human aid can do hns boon dono on this occasion. We still trust and hope that, with Divine aid, the bodies of the children may yet bo found ere long, not forgetting that ' there is a divinity that shapes our ends, rough hew them how wo will.1 In conclusion, wo beg again to tondor our heartfelt thanks to the public for the aeal and enorgy evinced to ro storo to us our lost children. Our prayer is, that no parents will. over havo to inouxn for tho loss and death of their childron in tho wild bush of Australia. — William Graham, Benja min Bubman, fathers of tho lost eliildren,' The' blight has attacked 'the peach trees at Mansfield. The Murray at Echuoa h fourteen feet hree inches above summer level, and rising ast. The Biverine Herald learns that a fresh s coining down the Campaspe. Db. O'Reilly, of Kyneton, still continues in t, most dangerous state. Dr. Fitzgerald, of Melbourne, has visited iriin, But in common vith the medical men of the district, enter ains but faint hopes of his recovery. One of the most solemn and impressive jeremonies of the Church of England was jelebrated in Trinity Church, Maldon, Thurs lay, when twenty persons (about equal num )ers of either sex), were confirmed by the Bishop of Melbourne. The New Church op St. James's, Majorca, yas opened on Monday afternoon. The Ptev. T. D. Brennan having read the evening ser vice, aii eloquent and interesting sermon was ireached by the' Bishop df Melbourne from Dolossians,' 1st chapter, '6, 4, 5 verses. « Five. Chinamen were brought before the Darisbrook Police Court on Thursday, charged svith the robbery from Mr W. A. Smith's pre mises on the fivst of the present month. Two were discharged for lack of evidence ; the re mainder committed for trial. A point of some importance to woodcutters and others, was decided in the Woodend Police Court on Tuesday. It has hitherto been a moot point whether a person having a license Co cut timber en Crewn lands, did not also re quire a second license authorising him to re move it. The police magistrate decided that in cases where the wood is actually removed by the person who cuts it, only the- license for cutting is required. 