Bathurst. (FnOM OUR OWK CORREBPOXDEKT.) Since lay last communication, I have to inform you that ono of our principal sources of amusoment here-' that of the Publio Readings-has bocome defunct. Tho' last of thom was held at the " Royal " on Monday' even- ing week last in tho presence of on indifferent house; tho readings thomselvos being of' a similar character. ' I'ho readers had-by somo means .unknown to this -deponent-got information thats few-of tho Bathurst ?' boys" had intimated their intention of favoring them with their'' company, for tho purposo of gotting up_o littlo bit of a sproo at their (tho readers') expenso; and consequently a whole posse of polico was ia attendance, hoadod by tho redoubtablo Sergeant Waters-by tho' way, I wonder bow tho.sorgoant wakes his beard so blnok-looking rerolrorannd noddies by the'dozen, and eyeing one or two suspicious looking individuals as if he dared them to create the least disturbance; but the boys did not attend-I have since heard they had no such intention, and that it was a sell from beginning to end-or tho sergeant might not have looked so' fierce. But this by tho way. All tho usual "great guns " read, but notwithstanding, tho wholo affair was a failure ; the audience not seeming to care about it, hoing evidently iii expectation of somo oxoiting eceno in whioh they were disappointed. The great gun par excellence-at least so considered by his confreres-was there, and read " Clarence's dream " from Riobard III, very tolerably, but not with eufllcient feeling. Tho only other reading worth mentioning Was that of a sacrod poem on " Tho Supreme Being," a translation from the Russian. This piece, though scarcely suitod for « public reading, was read in a very excellent manner, and with great correctness and feeling. The great secretary was there as usual, got up in full fig, oven to tho white "Kids"- on which latter artiole ho seems very extensive , -but didn't rend, being vory probably afraid of tho ' " boyo." Tho little man who does part of the funny business, and who so much resembles a French waiter, was there too, and read something from Bickens ; at least so I havo beon told ; for ho might havo been reading French for anything his audience was the wiser. There was also anothor funny man, who does the Hibernian business, and he read " Mickey Free's Father's Ghost Story" from Charles O'Mulley ; this reader has a tolerablo I brogue, but vory little idea of reading ; he should take a fow lessons in English reading, and he may becomo bot- ter in time. There were soma other readers, but their performances aro not worth mentioning, and may bo classed among tho,çenus dtlfferris. Tho readers, as usual, were composed solely of tho soi-disant oream of Bathurst society ; O témpora ! O mores 1 The members of tho, Orpheus Oleo Club also took part in tho ovening enter- tainments, led, as usual, by Mr Boseloaf, with ten shill- ings' worth of Jennings's curls surrounding his' music!!! brow. There is a report hero that this club is also likely togo smash, which would ben groat pity, as tboy somotiraes discourso most oxcollent music ¡to largo aud- iences. Besides a great deprivation would be felt in our having fowor opportunities of feasting our eyes on tho collective beauty of Bathurst-and wo have some plums hore- assembled together, both on and off tho platform in the " Boyal" Assembly Boom. Wo alio'ild also miss tho Great Sec-who is n member of tho Orpheus Club with his broad grin on his broader mug, looking tho very Íiicture of self- sufßcioncy ; and tho dapper little gentleman iko tho French waiter; which two latter gontloman-may bo regarded as the essence and pink of everything that is aristrocratio in tho district-though one of novor had anything to do with calico ; ob, not at all ! I had almost forgotton to say that tho entertainment I hare been endea- vouring to describo, was given in aid of tho "Dorcas Society" asociety-as I haro already montionod in a proviousjeom munication-which has been in existonco for throe years without funds, when tho great sum of eight pounds was realised. I wish tho unfortunato recipients of this bounty of tho pink of nil clubs, joy of what they may get out of it, after all oxpenscs havo been paid. Perhaps tho next proceeds may bo distributed iii the samo manner as it is said the proceeds of former benefits were. But they promised ¡to givo tho poor Dorcas peoplo-who ovor they moy bo-a boneOt, and asked Bosolaof to go£ up somo musio, which " ho said ho would, and so he did, upon his sacred honor." : Well our race programmo is out at last, containing something liko nino hundred pounds to be run for. I must again toll you ifSydney don't'sendup plenty of horses our Jockey Club aro sure to suffer another sorero loss. Tho horses that I montionod in my last communication aro still doing gentío work, I don't think that wo will soo Mr T. Leo's Biggcrcau strip at Randwick this timo. Mr Leo has had tho colt ready, for a considerably tinto back, to send to Johnny Cutts, but cannot get a boy for lbvo or money to toko him down, and I bcliero Cutts lias written to Mr Lee stating that it is also impossiblo to got a boy in Sydney to go to Bathurst for tho colt. : The Times newspaper piont, was sold last weok by public auction, by order of tho official ossignco, in the insolvent estate of E.' and T. Wilton. I need hardly tell you that Mr Webb of Bathurst obtained a vordict for £600 in tho Supremo Court against tho Messrs Wiltons for libel, no time was lost in putting in tho Bum, but a deal of time was wasted beforo tho plaintiff offered to sell, in the meantime tito Wiltons turned insolvent for tho benefit of tho whola of their creditors. Tho assignee thon put ont Webb's Bum, and put his own Bum in, and consequently sold tho whole 'of tho plant on Wednesday last by publio auction ; there was a great muster of tho blood on tho occasion, but thoy woro nearly all on ono side, only two or thrco putting in an appearance from theopposition dido. Thoball was oponed by Mr D. Konnn, starting tho wholo affair at a £100, and had it boen knocked down to him, I believe it was tho intention of tho worthy beak to havo startod it, at tho Murdoring',Swamp ; however Mr Kenna's bid was not tho (inly one, and after some spirited bidding of £5 each, carried on by Mr John Ashworth on the one side, and Afr Mackintosh the solicitor on tho other, it was at length knocked down to Arr Mackintosh amidst tho cheers of the George-street blood. I - believe that although knocked down to Mr Macintosh, Mr Biohard Kenna is tho purchaser. Tho Times was issued as usual on Saturday last under (for tho present) tho management of Mr John Hunter, tho foreman of tho establishment. I am sorry to hear that tho beloved wife of Mr E. G. Wilton ono of the late proprietors of tho Times, died on Friday night last leaving n young family of six children behind. ' Wo have had some hoary rain again, which caused tho river to rise about six feet."; it is now beautifully .fino and tjio'police, headed by Sergeant Waters, aro committing sad havoc among tho dogs, as many as 20 and 30 n day being killed by the bobbies. 