GENERAL NEWS. In consequence of the great space occu pied by our reports and general news, we find •ourselves compelled to hold over our usual leader. •Our country correspondents at Stock port, Greenock, Tanunda, and other places have furnished us with very interesting accounts of-the remarkable floods that have just occurred in those localities. Miss Aitken, the eminent tragedienne, who arrived by. the Aldinga, will give the first of her readings on Wednesday evening next. Miss Aitken is an elocutionist of the highest order. Possessed of a voice at once powerful and flexible, she has at the same time the genius that enables her to enter into the spirit of the varied readings which she gives. Some public readers are athome only withaparticular style of writing, but Miss Aitken does justice to every description of composition, and is equally effective "and natural in declamation, humor, or pathos. To hear a. perfect elocutionist will be a rare treat to South Australians, and we have little doubt the readings at White's Booms will be'largely attended. A peculiar interest attached to the ser vices at Freeman-street Church on Sunday, April 7, inasmuch as that was the last day on which religious services will be held there. The Stow Memorial. Church is now completed and ready for occupation, and next Sunday worship will be conducted there. The occasion of closing a chapel, the oldest, we believe, in the city, lent more than ordinary significance to the offices of worship that day. The Bev. Mr. Evan, the pastor of the church, preached in the morning and evening. His discourse in the morning was based upon the words in the seventh chapter of the First Book of Samuel *' Hitherto hath the Lord helped us." His ser mon was deeply solemn and earnest, for after recounting the goodness which God had showed to them in the days that were past, he appealed in affecting terms to those who. had sat long. in that sanctuary without having closed with the Gospel terms. The rev. fentlemanwas deeply moved when exhorting is hearers thus.- In the evening Mr. Evan chose.for his jtext the words from' the third chapter of Hebrews.—"To-day if ye will hear his voice, harden not your hearts." Having spoken of the circumstances under which the Apostle Paul addressed those earnest words to the Hebrew Christians, he applied the impres sive language as being appropriate to those who were now hearing him. The heads of his dis course were—1st, the voice to which attention is called: 2nd, the nature of the attention de manded; 3rd, the period at which this atten tion is to be rendered; and, 4th, the motive by which this attention is enforced. On the'first head he said the voice of God spoke to man in His material works; in man's own moral con stitution ; in the operations of His providence and in His "Word. The attention demanded he said was a willing attention, " To-day if ye will hear." Faith, too, was requisite; for unless they believed in the Gospel, all their Christian privileges would be useless, and would profit them nothing. In speaking of the third and fourth heads of his discourse, he said, " I can not approach this subject without something of emotion. I feel that I am addressing you fox the last time here, and I am reminded that soon I may he preaching my last sermon.' To you whom I have addressed, perhaps, for a period now of more than 11 years, and who may have listened to the Gospel for a still longer time without receiving the truth or trusting in Christ, and confessing Hint as your Saviour, I need hardly say that there is special ear nestness in the urgent entreaty "To-day if ye will hear his voice, harden not your hearts." How long is this unbelief to con tinue ? How long is this impenitence to prevail? Until the'day is ended and the night has come ? Is not this a time for reflection, for repentance, for seeking the Saviour ? To-day- for so long a time! oh—to- day, if you will hear his voice, harden not your hearts, Trust in the only name by which sinners can be saved. You will leave this sanctuary to-night having heard the Gospel in it for the last time, but if your im penitence remains, you will not have done with it. The 'Sabbaths you have spent here, the sermons you have heard, the privileges you have enjoyed are on record, and God will re quire of you an account of your past. Why carry the past into the future ? Why risk the. resurrection of wasted days, abused Sabbaths, and misspent privileges? Why trust in the uncertain morrow? This night the souls of many sinners will be required of them; but if the morrow should come to you, it will be marred aird darkened by the sin of to-day. God says:—"Come, let us reason to gether." The Saviour says, "Come unto me all ye that are weary and heavy laden." The Holy Ghost says, " To-day if ye will hear his voice, harden not your hearts." The Gospel says, " To-day, now is the accepted time, now is the day of salvation." Christians say, " Come with us and we will do you good;" but the tempter says, "to-morow," and the world says "to- morrow," and your sinful heart responds "to-morrow;" and thus eternity is pushed out of your thoughts. Were this not common, would it not be strange ? ' But that it is so common, that is stranger still. Let this be a time of awakening when tears of repentance shall flow, and your earnest prayera be heard, "God be merciful to me a sinner." The motive here given is very affecting— "Harden not your heart." It is a very easy process this hardening of the heart. It needs not to plunge into vice, or to be profli gate in evil, but simply to turn a deaf ear to the voice of God. While pressing the solemn admonition of the text upon those who for a lengthened period have attended this sanc tuary, but have not yielded to the claims of the Saviour, I wouldremindmyyoungfriendspresent that the admonition comes to them with special directness and urgency. A voice is speaking to you to-night, and what is it saying? " My son, my daughter, give me thy heart." Wilt thou not say, " My Father, wilt thou be the guide of my youth ?'' "I love them that love me, and thein that seek me early shall find me." These are gracious invitations; beware of sending them away. Let your whole hearts be the Saviour's, and your lives be in obedience to His Gospel. Only in this way shall you have peace and happiness here and hereafter." The rev. gentleman cur tailed his sermon in order that a prayer-meeting might be held as a fitting close to these solemn services. Nearly the whole of the congregation remained, to the prayei>meeting, when Mr. Evans presided, and devotion was led by the Hon. W. Peacock and Messrs. C. Smedley and M. Goode. One of our brave sons of Neptune, accompanied by an old and experienced bush man, repaired to the stables at one of the leading Adelaide hotels, on Saturday last, to hire ahorse to take them to Strathalbyn, and being supplied with one that was recommended as thoroughly stanch, perfectly quiet and steady, ~set off to enjoy the ride. After passing Graf era on a level road, this very quiet animal suddenly took it into his head to bolt. Finding that did not answer very well, he commenced kicking, smashed both shafts, and bolted, throwing the two unfortunates out of the trap, but was pur sued and soon caught by a butc her who was passing at- the "time. Luckily Cobb's coach soon arrived and took up the cast-aways,. and conveyed them -on. Too much blame cannot be put upon men who lethorsesoutto strangers, knowing that they were not quiet; also that it was not the. first time. I am happy to say. one was not hurt at all; but the other gentleman was very much bruised.—Communicated. In another part of; our paper we furnish a prettyfullreport of the dinner given at Naime, on Friday night, to the,representatives of Onka paringa, by a portion of the electors of that district. The hon. members and several other , M.P's. went down in one of Cobb & Co.'s hand some buses, the journey being made with great ease and enjoyment. Unfortunately, a combi nation of circumstances operated to diminish the attendance at the feast. An inquest in the neighborhood kept several away, and the night selected being Friday, all who had to attend Saturday morning's market in Adelaide, were of course shut out from.the dinner. Then, again, the Catholics of the neighborhood could not go on Friday; and superadded to all these draw backs the night was very wet, dark, and stormy. No wonder therefore that the tables were rather more thinly attended than was ori ginally expected. Next morning, the party returned by way of Woodside, Balhannah, and Grunthal; one reason for this detour being the desire of the Commissioner of Public Works and the two members of the Boad Board, to inspect Stanley-Bridge, which crosses the Onkaparinga near the hotel at Grunthal. We were sorry to see that the fine laminated | arches (Baltic timber) by which this noblebridge is supported aresodecayedby dry rot, that props have. had to be erected in the bed of the river to sustain the roadway, which otherwise might fall through at any time. This is one of the handsomest bridges in the colony, having three arches of 50 feet each; but the massive girders—notwithstanding the utmost care has been taken of them—are so decayed that a penknife may be run into a plank as easily as into a piece of cheese; in fact the timber can be picked to pieces with the finger nail. Of course the whole of these wooden girders will have to come down, and be replaced by iron ones; for Stanley Bridge is only one out of three or four in which dry rot has entirely eaten the heart out of the timber. This is a very serious matter, and de mands the immediate and best attention of the Boad Board and the Government. Fortunately such a flood has not come down the Onka paringa as has come down the Gawler, for the props under Stanley Bridge have nothing to break off the rush of water, or to | keep timber floating down the stream from striking against them and carrying them away. Until the bridge can be properly repaired some thing in the form of a temporary breakwater should be made in front of the uprights, to save them from being carried away by the winter floods. A meeting will be held in the Kent Town Jubilee Church this evening, for the pur pose of presenting an address to the Bev. S. Ironside on his departure from the colony for Tasmania. A tea and public meeting will be held in the New' Connexion Methodist Church, Franklin-street, this evening. The Bev. F. W. Cox, according to the advertisement, is to deliver his interesting lecture on " The Giant Cities of Bashan." The usual bi-monthly parade drill of the volunteers took place in front of the Armory, on Saturday afternoon. " There was a fair muster of the iour companies, which were com manded by their respective officers. It was not a very pleasant afternoon for turning out, and the ground was in rather a dirty stace, owing to the rain. The battalion was, -how ever, put through a number of movements by Lieutenant-Colonel Mayo and Major Clark, and were dismissed to their several parades after two hours drill. Colonel Biggs was on the ground assisting m the drill. On Saturday morning last, asalittle boy1 named John Von Leven, between seven and j eight years of age, was attempting to catch a horse at Stepney, he foolishly.caughthold of the animal's tail, when he received a kick in the face which inflicted a severe wound just above' the nose. The little fellow was at once con veyed to the Hospital, wheie it was ascertained that although the injury sustained was rather serious it was not at all likely to prove fatal in its results. Notwithstanding the inclemency of the weather, a numerous and respectable audience assembled at the Victoria Theatre on Saturday I evening, to witness the four- act drama entitled ' " Never too.late to Mend," founded on Charles I Reada's story of the same name; and the bur lesque' of " La Sonnambula." In the first piece the acting throughout was rather tame, ' doubt less owing to the fact thalt it was the first time it has been produced on the boards of the Vic toria this season. However, Mr. Charles Young's impersonation of Peter Crawley deserves special mention. The remaining characters were toler ably well sustained, Mr. O'Brien in the prison scene being very effective. At the fall of the curtain at the end of the third act, the applause was loud and long-continued, the curtain heing again raised in compliance with ah unanimous demand. The burlesque which created quite a f urore during the week, has been previously noticed in our columns. The pieces announced for this evening are "Ellen "Wareham," and a new extravaganza entitled " Turko the Terrible." A sad accident happened on the Green hill-road on Thursday night. Mr. Cutting was returning home along the above road, having in his cart his two'boys. At one portion of the j road the dray went over the side and was cap sized. Mr. Cutting and one of the lads were de- | posited on the ground without injury, but his other son was not so fortunate, for the bolt in the rail of the overturned cart struck him in the head, and tore away the scalp, besides knocking out several teeth, and otherwise hurt ing his face. It is almost a miracle that he was not killed. Having being rescued, he was taken home and attended to, but we have not since heard how he has been progressing. This is the second accident which has occurred upon this road within a very brief period, and doubt less the Central Road Board will seethe desi rability of protecting the road by putting up a guard-fence, or taking some other precautions to prevent these occurrences again. .At the last monthly' meeting of the No. 1 Company, which was held at the Orderly room, London Inn, on Tuesday last, a propo sition was carried respecting the giving ot a complimentary dinner to the Hon. J. Baker, late Captain of the Company, but as the atten dance of members at the meeting was small, it was decided to march the whole company to the' Orderly-room after the next drill, and obtain their opinion on the matter. In accordance with that arrangement, therefore, on Saturday the company was marched to the Orderly- room, where a meeting was held. The proposition was carried unanimously, and a Committee ap pointed to carry out the preliminaries, and report to the next monthly meeting of the company. The dinner, if.it does come off, will most probably be on the 24th May next. 