BROKEN CLOUDS ! AN ORÍGIÑAL AUSTRALIAN TALE. BY F. S. WILSON. Author of "Woonoona,"Aunt Milly's Christmas Box," "Shot in the Heart," &c.; CHAPTER XX. SUNSHINE AFTER RAIN. The trial of Harley Ravensden came on, and by the strange turn events had taken, Harry Claston enjoyed a sort of semi- hero worship. People wondered how their opinions could have been so misled, how it was possible for them to have mistaken the guilty party, when now they could see Murder written in every lineament of Harley Ravensden's face, hiding in the stern arch of his dark brows, lurking about the thievish corners of his môuth; and smirking in his hypocritical smile. On the day of the trial, the court at Darlinghurst was crowded to excess. A surging human mass was jammed along the front railings, and in the rear of these, rows of upturned faces were craning forward, belonging to individuals who were doing penance for their curiosity by standing, like opera dancers, on the tips of their toes. Behind these again were great living blocks of less favoured mortals, whose ideas of the proceedings, as far as hearing and seeing went, consisted in having their heads jammed against the backs of the persons in front, together with a rather con- densed view of the ceiling, and a confused hum and buzz in their ears of "There he is ;' ' No, it ain't.;' ' Who ?" "Where ?' 'Him behind the cove with the wig ;' and such like phrases. The jury was empannelled, and the prisoner in the dock turned his pale-looking face on the crowd of eager spectators with a cold hopeless glare. The indictment was read, wherein he was charged with ' taking unlawfully andjwith malice aforethought the life of one Francis Dansby.' " How do you plead;?' questioned the clerk. " Not Guilty !" answered the prisoner, as firmly as if merely asked a question relating to his health. Then the prosecuting counsel got upon his feet, and proceeded to tell the judge, and the jury, and the assembled multitude, that he was about to reveal " a case of unparalleled atrocity ! a case which, by its astounding facts, would outmarvel the most daring flights of fiction, and with the sickening details of which he would not harrow up their feelings until they were disclosed in evidence. He would, simply point out the facts to establish the idea of animus on the part of the prisoner against deceased, and leave direct evidence to prove that he had perpetrated the murder. As the clerk of Mr. Dansby, prisoner had gradually worked himself up to a confidential footing by an assumed zealous, moral, and consistent course of conduct ; still, his salary was not sufficient to pay for the riotous living and ambitious views clothed with the garb of morality. Aware of a fellow clerk and relative of the deceased being the destined heir of that gentleman's property (accumulated by years of industry), the prisoner's first plan was to poison the old man's mind with reference to his nephew's character, so that a quarrel might ensue and the groundwork be laid for future suspicion. It would be unnecessary to explain how successful prisoner had been in this portion of his scheme ; suffice it, that Mr. Dansby, in a moment of anger, avowed his intention of disinheriting his nephew, and of so blasting his prospects, that at last the nephew in tum used some threats, no doubt soon afterwards sincerely repented of. However, on the very night of the quarrel, Mr. Dansby was hurried from the world by violent hands; and his nephew, Henry Claston, disappearing on the same evening, there was every reason to suspect him as the assassin. Indeed, so. much were appearances against him, that the jury at the inquest, unanimously returned a verdict of * Wilful Murder,' and a" detective was put on his track to bring him to justice. But why was he absent ! Now comes a portion of the scheme unexcelled for fiendish malignity. Claston's life was also attempted, in order that while his dead body lay rotting and unrecked of, his name should live in perpetual infamy as the murderer of his mother's brother ! But the dastardly attempt had failed ; and now, even-handed Justice produced Claston as a witness against him who had planned his destruction, and had so successfully wrought out his devilish designs against the unfortunate Mr. Dansby. In the first place, he should call the detective officer, Mr. Keen, to prove the arrest." As that circumstance has already passed before our notice, we need not recapitulate his evidence, which was followed by the deposition of the doctor. The prosecution then proceeded to put in evidence the dying deposition of Darby McShane, alias Red Darby, " whose testi- mony," he said, " though certainly to be regarded with caution, was nevertheless so borne out by circumstances, that credence must be attached to it." " I, Darby McShane, on oath declare, believing myself to be at the point of death, and having no hope of recovery : I know the prisoner, Harley Ravensden ; have known, him for the last twelve month, off and on, under assumed names ; have known him as Ravensden for the last few days ; remember the night in February, 1860 ; it was a very stormy night ; and remember prisoner employing me in two cases of murder, for each of which I was to receive fifty pounds. Experienced no difficulty in the first case ; got into Mr. Dansby's backyard about ten o'clock, and effected an entrance through the kitchen-window ; went upstairs without boots, and saw Mr. Dansby, partly undressed, reading some law papers ; Ravensden was the first to attack him, but the deceased caught him by the throat and hair, and I was obliged to knock the strength out of the old man by hitting him over the head with a myall-wood walking-stick of Ravens den's ; then Ravensden 'choked the life out of him,' Saw prisoner after this busy with the papers ; knew them to be a will ; saw him copying from some other papers the murdered man's signature on to the will, which was otherwise complete. We then hurried down to the Ferry-stairs at Darling Harbour, where the other job was to be done, Ravensden carrying away with him a portion of the myall-stick, broken in the affray, and a bundle or carpet-bag ; also remember him wrenching from deceased's finger a diamond-ring, but don't know what he did with it. On the ferry-wharf saw a man hiring a boat, went with him, and when half-way across the harbour assisted Ravensden, according to instructions, to attack the man and throw him into the water ; made the boatman pull back to Sydney, and after going up the town, Ravensden missed his bundle and stick, and went back for them, but didn't get them. Saw prisoner twice afterwards ; once, when he paid over the money for the job, and again when he made arrangements at the hut of the Dead Man's Flat for me and Bargo Bill to attack Mr. Drummond's party. Never had any ill-will myself against any of the parties whom I assisted to murder, but did it all as a matter of business, and find now, when it's too late, that it doesn't pay ; am sorry I ever had anything to do with things not honest, partly because I believe now it wasn't right, but principally because I've got into such a mess by it." After this deposition was read, Harry Claston stepped into the witness-box, but as the particulars of his evidence, as well as of that which followed from various witnesses, have become familiar to us already, we will hurry over their testimony. The counsel for the defence began to collect his notes with much self- satisfaction, for beyond the testimony (not to be much relied on) of 'Red Darby,' there was no direct evidence to implicate his client. The case for the prosecution seemed almost at an end, when the counsel for the Crown called " Benjamin Sinnett. " The name was bandied to and fro by different officials, until the dark tanned visage of the old boatman, with its fringe of white surfy looking beard, surged into the box, and rose above the panels, no longer marked with a scared look of guilt, but with placid unflinching eyes, now unappalled by the accusing glance of the ancient albatross and wooden admiral. " Look well at the prisoner at the bar ! Do you know him ?" « I do." " Who is he ?" " I can't tell his name, but I could pick him out from amongst a thousand. He kept his face well hid that night, but one flash of lightning showed him when his cloak was off, and I'd swear to him again if he was dressed in fifty different ways. " " When he came into your boat did you notice anything in his possession ?" " Yes, I saw a stick and a bundle ; he left 'em behind in the boat afterwards, and I carried 'em home and took care on 'em. " " How was it you did not return them to him when he asked about them ?" " Because, gentlemen, they was the only things I had as proof of my story, and I thought they'd come in handy some day when he was caught." " How is it you did not give immediate information to the proper authorities?" " Because I thought the proper authorities might want to hang somebody for the murder, and if they couldn't find him, they might hang me. The bundle I now produce is the one prisoner left in my boat. I swear that it is the same, and that it has never been opened since, or touched by any other hands than mine. I never opened it to see what it contained, because I believes it unlucky to meddle with dead men's property unless they tells you to. Have no objection to open it now if his Honor orders me, but 'ud rather not." The bundle, on being dissected by one of the officials, proved to contain several articles of dress belonging to Ravensden, torn in some places, and in others spotted with sundry dark, melan- choly-looking stains. Several witnesses attested that Ravensden had worn these clothes on the day of the murder ; in fact, in one of the pockets was found the programme of an entertainment to be given that evening, and which paper had been the subject of conversation between Ravensden and one of his wild acquaintances. The fragment of stick accompanying the bundle was fitted to the piece produced by the detective, and matched exactly. With this evidence the Crown Prosecutor intimated his case concluded. Ravensden was a doomed man ! His counsel fought the unequal contest for him, bravely and well, as only a counsel can fight when every avenue of escape seems sealed. He took the evidence to pieces, bit by bit ; showed how frail those parts were that bore more immediately on the case, and besought the jury to receive with great caution (if they received it at all) the testimony of ' Red Darby, ' a man who would go to any lengths to work out his vindictive malice. He ridiculed the idea of Ben Sinnett remembering a face only once seen, and that by a momentary flash of lightning ; and argued that his reluctance to give the affair publicity rendered his honesty to be much doubted. He called Mr. Drummond and Mr. Fawchester to prove how nobly Ravensden had risked his own life to save them and Miss Thorne from insult and injury ; and the surviving members ol the firm of Dansby, Spadgett and Briggs, to speak as to his client's rectitude of character during his connection with them, and then asked the jury to weigh dispassionately the likelihood that a man who had worked his way up by sheer industry and integrity, and was still rising, should shatter all his hopes by such an act, involving the loss of so much, and offering such a slight reward." When the jury retired to consider their verdict, there was much jostling and shoving among the crowd to get a glimpse oj the cold pale features of him in the dock ; but when, at the expiration of an hour, the jury re-entered the box, the noise was suddenly hushed, as if the Avenging Angel was poising itself or silent wings in that awful chamber. " How say you, gentlemen? Guilty, or Not Guilty?" " GUILTY !" said the foreman ; and a wild indescribable roar that strange panting yell of unforgiving humanity roaring for a human creature's blood- welled up and rumbled about the court- house. Ravensden glanced round with a wild hopeless smile. The confused murmur singing in his ears almost drowned the impres- sive voice of the Judge pronouncing tho sentence of death ; but he heard enough to know that the clouds were closing around him, darker and darker, gradually bedimming the bright tints of Life's summer-day ; and already he could feel his feet pressing the mysterious, only-to-be-once trodden Valley of the Shadow of Death ! ****** And now, from among the shifting clouds and darkness of our story, the rosy light of fair weather rises in a glowing arch, and the shrouding mists begin to roll up and fade before the genial presence of the sun. To those of our characters who have battled through the long night of storm and tempest, the rain has ceased, the storm-drops no longer patter patter monotously on their spirits, but having 'endured their heaviness throughout the night,' they now bud that ' joy which cometh in the morning. ' The time allotted by the law for Harley Ravensden to make his peace with Heaven seemed brief enough : but Fate decreed that even this short stay on the earth his crimes had so polluted should be still more contracted. A few days before the date fixed for the unhappy man's execution, the turnkey on watch saw him retire to his bed as usual, but in the morning the gaoler had nothing left to guard but a lifeless piece of clay-a subtle poison had saved the condemned a death of public ignominy ! How, and by whom, the poison had been conveyed, or how (supposing he could have had it in possession during the whole term of his confinement) were problems never satisfactorily solved ; at all events, so it was. After his condemnation he confessed his guilt to his spiritual adviser, and commissioned him to make it public, together with a written statement in which he acknowledged having forged Mr. Dansby's signature to the will, by which he had made use of the property rightfully descending to Harry Claston. As we may readily imagine, Tom Fledgit and Grace Featherly were married ; and if ever the sun shone lovingly on bride and bridegroom, it beamed on the path of that happy pair. Tom felt that the whole happiness of his life was as nothing compared with the bliss concentred in, that benign event when his own and Grace's hearts and fives, like two volumes of poetry, were ' bound in one extra gilt morocco.' Although his wealth, procured at the diggings, was not so inexhaustible as to render him altoge- ther independent of labour, it gave him a start in life which Tom rapidly improved by industry and perseverance ; and now, when Grace begins to look more matronly, and a laughing blue-eyed baby crows and fights with tiny fists to he taken up from its crib, to look at another curly-headed urchin tumbling on the green with ' father's stick' for a racehorse, few men feel happier than Tom Fledgit. For a long time he continued to reduce his glowing ideas into common black and white, in the snuggery honoured with the awful name of ' study,' and these poems (most marvellous productions in the estimation of Grace) appeared from time to time in the fugitive columns of the daily press; but Tom has never yet brought to perfection his darling scheme of ' publishing a book.' Certain it is, that as he grows older, his heart seems kindlier disposed towards all human creatures, so we may safely infer that the threatened infliction will never be imposed. As to Mr. Gushington, he readily seconded all the efforts of Mr. Fledgit to ensure comfort. He first made Mrs. Featherly a handsome present to replace the articles destroyed by his unlucky escapade sit the birthnight party ; and finally made her a more valuable gift in the shape of himself and a wedding- ring. He vowed THAT would be the last time he would ever offer a sample of his affection to any one, pledging himself that he would only ' travel' in search of something new each day for Mrs. Gushington's (nee Mrs. ; Featherly's) especial pleasure, and merely stipulated that cold meat (if at all forming part of the domestic bill of fare) should not be permitted at table more than once a week. Mrs. Featherly closed with his offer, and ' signed articles, ' and when we last saw them, going down the hill of life in mutual happiness, neither seemed to repent of their bargain ; the cares of married life had left but few wrinkles on her brow, and cold meat (and pickles) fewer still on his. Mattie Sinnett looked out, long and patiently, for the sailor lad of her early faith, but whether her dream was the visioned counterpart of something real, whether that pictured white face had gone down, down, beneath the rushing waters to lay its fading cheek on the soft ooze of the ocean bed, certain it is that the sailor boy never came back. But bright-eyed Mattie wedded herself, with unswerving love, to the care of her old father, and though at times her heart will now swell, and her eyes fill as she sees the long blue roll of the Pacific, and the ships go proudly by, she will yet turn with thankfulness to the one Pro- vidence had left when the other was taken. Old Ben stuck to the ' stairs ' for some time, and then retired to a neat cottage provided by the liberality of Harry Claston, where the old admiral still stands in state under the table, and the albatross (who, by the way, swallowed his remaining eye during his removal to the cottage) finds a place in the corner ; but never again has the former pointed his finger accusingly at Ben, or the latter looked reproachfully at him with its eyeless sockets, for the old boatman has been involved in no more mur- ders, and has found no more bundles. Sometimes, at night, he is joined by a little hard-featured man (none other than the detective Mr. Keen) who calls down to see him, to smoke a pipe, take a ' drop o' sperrits,' and have a cosy comfortable chat about ' old times. ' Mr. Keen has a great many interesting little anecdotes to tell of his professional adventures since then, of the many clever thieves he has placed (like unruly urchins) ' over the knee' of Justice, but he candidly admits, with a humble shake of the head, that ' that affair of Mr. Claston's beat him altogether. ' He has a great respect for that individual accordingly, and entertained a similar feeling for Captain Chewter until that gentleman engaged for a voyage to the ' States,' and bade a long farewell to gold-digging and Australia. We could never get any definite information as to the move- ments or whereabouts of Miss Patience Fledgit. Her brother's marriage entirely alienated him from her interest, and although he addressed several letters to the place where she at the time resided, she never deigned to reply. On several occasions she flashed past our notice with the rapidity of a meteor, travelling through the neighbouring colonies and provincial towns lecturing on ' Woman's Bights,' occasionally adding a spice of variety to her performances by giving spiritual seances. It was also notice- able that a misanthropical individual who attended her in the capacity of agent, treasurer, money-taker, doorkeeper, &c.;, was remarkably bald and had but one ear. Whether this mutilated being was in any way connected with Mrs. Featherly's ex lodger, the collector, it is difficult to determine ; but Miss Fledgit's agent studiously avoided ' pitching ' to lecture in any place where ' Lynch law' maintained the merest ghost of an existence, and it was further remarkable that, whenever ham was produced at table or made mention of, Miss Fledgit's ' agent ' always ner- vously felt the place where his ear ought to have been. Taking these little points into consideration, there is some reason to suppose that he and Mr. Snag, by some unaccountable metemp- sychosis, were identical. Mr. Fawchester slowly recovered from the wound in his arm inflicted by ' Bargo Bill, ' and though he was fully persuaded (as Long Joe, the stockman, expressed it) that anything connected with bush life and colonial experience was ' nothing when you were used to it,' he began to regard ' getting used to it ' as a ' howwid bore.' He had seen enough of Australia to make his friends in England stare when he got ' home,' and home he accordingly went, with the good wishes of all with whom he had been connected, and a recollection of the great Southern Land in which kindly faces, bushrangers, black swans, and wooden pears were strangely jumbled. And now we have but two characters to introduce once more before we part, and how shall we say ' good-bye' to them. We allude to Harry Claston and Florence Thorne-now no longer Florence Thorne, but Mrs. Harry Claston. Satisfied with each other's love, a love so tried and trusting, they do not live near the busy haunts of men, where the mighty wheel of Business goes round with its ceaseless whirling hum, and the clatter and crash of the dusty streets seems to force its churlish grit into the very heart ; but away in the quiet country, where the ranges lose themselves in the blue distance, and the mighty trees grasp yearningly at the sky-there they have made their home. Where the creek rests itself in mighty hollows, worn by the rippling flow of Ages long gone by-there the sea-green and purple plumes of moss look up through the glassy waters and nod their heads lovingly to Claston and his bride ! How the liquid flow chimes and chinkles in a wondrous gush of melody, as it sings, ' Look on us, friends and lovers, take cheer and comfort from our changeless love. We have not reached this rest without care or trouble ; many a friend has been left by our waves dead, dead, on our sedgy shores ; many a time have we been parted, barriered by granite rocks, and fleeing from each other for miles, to meet and mingle at last. Our course has not always been a smooth one, but a mixture of dash and struggle, eddy and foam-yet Time has brought us Peace ! Our sky has not always been clear-many a time has it shadowed its face, and wept its tears on our bosom, but the clouds are broken at last. ' " So it has been with us, darling," said Claston, as his manly arm twined more lovingly round the form of his young wife; " so it has been with us," he repeated, as though she had also interpreted the wild creek's song, so intelligibly breathing in his own ears-" Our lives have had their struggles and cares, but, thank Heaven ! they never caused our love to swerve ; and surely, Florence, we may safely hope that the love ' faithful and true in the storms of life, will prove as unchanging now that the clouds are broken !" 