THE GH4YSTOF C- HALL.* (PROnt "ONCE A WEEK.') More than twenty years npo, T. when a girl of eighteen sammers. was invited to spend a dnonple'of months, during the shooting season in TLincolnshiro. My emisin and dear friend Alice had not long been marnried to the vonmg squire of C --- Hall i and the newly wedded pair had invited a number of their friends and relatives to enjoy the pleasures of a coun*ry life with therm, and to help to keelot up the anecient hospitality for which the fatulily of Clair |halnt were so renowned. The hnonuse, an old baronial mansion, wan~iltnsated in one of the moat hbeauntiful narts of Lincolnslire, where thronsh wood nlld wld aind fen the lands swept over hill anadell down to the borders of the sea. i. 1. arnon of Clairhlult anal Lorl of Rtvenmore. theClairlsnults had been from time immemorial; but the titles were confiscated with most of the property at the RIeformation, ne'l there remaisedl, when my story openn, little except the ncient name and tradition to remind them of their former greatness. -. . ' 0 - Hall stanood on its lonely pride, fit resldepee forits proud and hauighty owners-a relic of by-. gone days, on a egentle eminepe fnecing the nea; but 'one miles of country intervened between' the house and the coast. and the col4 breeze of the northinrn ocean pasaed over the forest trees, and gently bent-the s'ndulating fieolds of corn before it stirred the time-worn banner that flontedr proudly from the gray hattlements of C-- HIall.. The autumn sun was falling aslant the mul lioned windows. dnd tingine the gables with its golden heams. when I drove up the long avenue of enbtnorn_ tlhat led to the hoblse; and I thought I had never seen a more beautiful picturcoitr one that more completely realised my ideas ofi what an old-foshioned reotle-co oughst to be than that which wos now before me. "'ol I what a loely place. Alice," I exclaimed, as I snrane fromn the carriPge and clasped my cousin in my arms, and *ty ey.s took in with a lrnce all thehenity of the sutrrbunding country tile park. the distirit hill., the s'olping forest, the dark forcstwith its wealth of fo'lage tinged with _olden ruslet brown. 1 My cousin smilbd at my entlusiasm, ad intro ducedr me to her Itushand, a handsome man of eight and twenty, who imprinting on my cheek a cnosnlc kiss hbade me welcome to C- Hall. If I had been delichted with the outside, how can I describe my feelinos when I entered the hall, from oaken rafters of which tdnendedl. flgs of all nlours and ages-some torn andl worn, nme care fully p-eserved? Two lnrge figures of men in ssoe.~stod.o.mnalen pstate te titlsr side thte armnit nrid'trophies takenit in variots lhit-ls.i . I genad in rapture at eReythling;R the llitlen- hall, with its raised dais and grim phrtraits olf inumer able aneestors; the qunint ol,4fashlinneddrawinng rooms, with alcove and receosses and moat mye terions-lookin?g cpinets. Tihe library rwas filled from floor to eelling with tihe o'cest literature, from heavy leakinfg folios, that it wdull Isnve required str?lger arms thitn mine to have reached from their place. to the libhtest, most delicately hound voluale that ever found its way into a lady's hqudoir. - "This shall bef my abode," I mentally resolved; ' here Ishall be abhle to indlulge to tlhe full my taste for readins, pillowedl in one of those odd lookino arm-chrilrs. with no one for my cempanion cave those qieer philosoph:cal hid characters that lenk so sternly down upon one from their lofty position on tile slhelves. t shall be able to spend many an hoer, when my cousin lie enggesid or driv ing out with her friends." And while I was thlink ineg this we came upon our party, of friends--fair ladies and brave tentlemen. who had just returned from their morning rile. Them was lady B-- , and her ledaurhters Laurn and Stephonia B--. two cirls of my own iage; Colonel and hMrs. Crawford; Miss Lizne Lenton, a Yorklhlire heires, anul Captain Vvasleor, a distant cousin of Mlurice Clairlhaslt. He was a fine tall man. with a prT rfusion of. linek ilnir and a very winning stmile* There were ='nme others vwhoi ntames I did not catch, hbt one who impressed me mestt was a gave. quiet looking man, in a black dress it whom I instantly recogi?hlised Father Paul, tl'e reepctetl ehaplain'of the loune, nsd of whomti I had heard ninschfrom my enelin Al:. "" I wen received twith kiltlnoeslby all. and conlpli mented on my goodl looks andlmy likelle-s to the bmntiful bride, nhd th-n led off oin triumplh by the blushinte Alice to the lovely littlu boudoir which sle Ihad prepared for my esnecial nee. - "tOh! darlng Alice,'" I exel;imlned, when anter removing mny bonnet. I threw my arms fountl hlier again, " what adearold planct what aqieer nneient lil house it il t andohl whet lovely grouinds ! Oh! Alice. how apnny yvru must be?." "I a rm indeepd hapy.' repieLet my: CoUn lJ. "Maiurice is all I could wish ion lahusbhanl, anId lle pdace is very nice. Bet there/ dearest, you must be tired with your long journey; rest yourself for n time. Yeu need not come Idown to luncheon, Jenning shall hring you a glass of wine ald a his ruit, and as soon no I can slip away we will lunch to gether here. and hnve our talk toat before dinner. I'm longinc to hear all the news." And tolk we did like the couple of sclhoel girls we were, till thLi shalnows fell upon the. old hall, and the gIrowing twilight warned us it was np proaching dinnerltinse. Alice flew away Ito dress;» I hind completed my. toilette an. hour before. The first hell ranu, and I honuehlt I ,would go down to the library, anil select a hook writls wohicli to wi'o away the time,lfor I did llnot care.to olter the lrawine-roonm hefore dinner wns nnnouiiced. Thia sun had set an hnir or two, anil I knew it would beo almost dark in the library, hut I ihad so especially noted the shelf Mn which lay isome books I was anxious to read, that I felt sure I coult lay my hands upon them in the dnrk. I It was gettine late in the autumni, when tile nlght.'and morninpa are ducilly, nndcoldl and tile wind sighedl and whistled as Ilflitted tlhronugh tile corridors, and ms white muslin dress felt almost too thin for the srasn. The ldng branchle nf the radars waved up ned down in front of tile windoeas, flinging uneearthly shadq~s acroms the oaken floor. Icould searcel help'sliivoring as 1 liurried on to the lihrary, feeling I should bhe glad to get back again to my warln, well-lighted bedroom, and ti tihe mire inhabited idole of thei house. When entered the librriy, it was, as I had lexpected, steeped to some extetnt in .gloomnn. The light came dimly through the heavry nmullioned iwinalowT, anil the air struck cold aitld damp as that of ,a church yard; but not;berig at all snperstitious, I instened across to where I had seen the particular vollime I wished to obtaine As I ndvalueed into tthe room, however, I could nit help giving a little atart of surprise when I found I was not its only occupan', Seated in one of the quaint arm-cihairo near tue tire-place, withll his hack to the light, was a lit le old man dressed lin'blark, witli a white Ineckcloth and knee-breeches;. and shoes witlh largo silver buckles, such as Ihhad-heard my mother ety were :orn many year.blfore I was Hborn. Ills laco was grave, venerable, arid digniflcl,iand ase passed him bowing slighlltly, he fixed upon me a palr 0f. mild. looking blue eves, with a mingled glance of anxiety and interest. I wonder why he does not speak,, wars iny first thought; and what can he be doing there by him celfin the dark ? Then I munted up one or two steps of a ladder that wis placed in front of the ehelf I wanted. and commenced' asid zously looan ing amongst the books. Thitugh my bark was tnwards hln .I ifelt ii stinctively lthant the old nian was watelhine my every movement; and it was with a il:glht feeling of annoyance that I -descended thel iladder aftdr se'uring the work I desired. .I eldeavoured to slnc hy my calil n'd studllied' how that I resented his senrtiny; hilt t waee totally lost ,n mycompanion. for if he natied it, lhe made no remark, thelgh as I went outl I heard him ailh. "What a queer individual he il'" I tlunleht when I regained my room. and settled myself cnnim. fortably down to read where can Alieb have picked him up? is lie one of her guests, or il hlo the librarian ? No, he ecpnot he that or lihe would nhave offered to get my book for me., Some ernsty old batchelor, or stupid phllo.ophe., who I p-efer's eii'own thaouhts to cheerful noilety. I "?peasa. Well.I hope I shall not be near him at dinner." B?tt when dinner came I lnoked in vain for my friend of tile library; lie usever madel his eppenr. ance, and the livelv oonversation of nmy net nerigh. hour, Cnpinin Vvansour, se-n drevar nll .remem hranuid of him out of my head. If thmatht aboutt Ilea at all. I conclutded Alice had name very gooli reanon for keepilg'him out of sight, and I did not wonder at. The next morning was a lnvely one,. and we nlll wellat to the "meet" to sece the hounds threow-nff,; that and h:meheon occupied an the hPet pIsrt of the day,.and it was nat.till I went again to dsress far dinner that I recollected my hook and tIhu mys teriols old man of thE library. ' I have never seen him all.day." 1 thoutht. an slT hanstily akimmed over the p~en. "II wanderilf he alwn-es sits in tile library, and if he isnthere now ?" and flndini there was yet h'lf an hour bhefor I npdd epp:ar, I resolved, impelled by a enriosity I could not resist, to go and ehlane my hbek. Sure enough there hie i$as hin large. nme~enhnrly blue eyes fixed full on my face directly I entered. I did not like it at all l ie seemed as if he were placed there ton watch nll wlhl eam In and out. and considerably nettled at bis want of eeurteay, I boed still more etiffly than on tile ntrevintia evern ing, al e tened te a get my book.- I inherited nll ihe pride of my family, and it vexed me tothink that I, at Clyffard of Clyffard, shouild be slighted by any being arof the opposite sex. So, weith my head in the air. I marchesi 'nut with my prize. Was it fancy. or was it the wind, that againe male me thinlk I eard a sight as I doewthe traein of my dress threu thnile deaoor i Wthen .I returned to my room I eould not reed, for tle face of that old man hauntled me. TreP" gretted now my incivility, and wiealpdI h~il spoke, tlought it were but 'gaon a cvpnn?.." After all, afge wan to be respected. I hove been nrdo to tlhe patrisrch, and I will apoloaise to him next time. I will sik Alice who hemls at dinner. And so I did, I happened to be nitting near my cousin. and wehen the dessert was placnn i n tie table, tnd e'erv one woe lt hing anw d talking, I turned to her suddenly and arid- LAlice, whant is the name of thae: otrauieo ohd mal who sits in the library Anid' why doesn he not come in here?." To imy surprise she turned an white asua sheet: and witisnut replyine- to m oe exclaims I? "Oh, Matiri~e m e has bseen t f!"n' SIt ?--Whlat ?" inqtired her husbaed, raiisng his eyes from the apple le was peeling. Why ie git ost--thie old man of the ibearv," faltered Alice, her liris quslvoriln wit f? theis "Ohl, is that nil P' lnuglied Maurice ':therein nothling to he alared at, dear Alife. Thn ghost is a very harmlers e oneh h n sBut," interrupted I trembling myself with frilght, "I is it really a teeoat ?" tReally and truly, Lucy" •said Maurice, gravely ; "that much I will voaulc far, thoughn I have never seen it mrselrf. Itnearly frightened epoor Aice into tts tile first nlght of ostr arrival ; but it sometimes loee not appear more than once a ienr. and then generally to some fresh visitor at the hall.'e All thle gncests nate turned to our end of t'he table, and t found myself the principal obijet of .tttrad.tioa. a• a litndred other such qqestion eam,? rnsiing oh alter anolther. I tlld tiny story, to hichl they 'ei liatened with interest and atteatio, and thtn hM?, irice esid- ' Ladies and gentlemen, the thale you have heard is ito iction ; that is our family ghostL-no family is enmplet, witlhout one--an I for more than a century thant little old man has been.ehent aido runt times in the library. Bint, as said before, heis iierfectly inarmldca ; ha never appeanrs tiore than twice to th'e same person-never, after they haveonce discoveved le is a gihot. He is generally suppnosed tobe soren old ancestor, whoso passion for beoks took tIle place ofhllotter thins ini this lifoe. and who has been oan.emned after ieath to visit hie former haunts. Don't ho flgitened, Lucy, you will never see him again." "t Hase any one ever epoken to hinm ?" asked the quiet visice of Father Psul. "Nout that I em awshre of, Reverend Father," replied the young squire.. People 'have either seenel too frightened, or have taken no 'notice,?an was tile come with Lucy."- h , r o FPtler Patul sat silent forn few iminutes, and then sanid groave'y- "It i always believed that spirits from the oniler waorld ehitnt speak unless they are slpaiken to." "Then I vote we all ~on it a body, ani beg this resiectanle i'd soul tr tell us what lie wants," cried tile chleery voice of Captain Vivaisneur. "I , for osne, dna't belioce in henss not that I doabt Miss Clyf foard's story," bowing to me ; "bill; I thik tlhere mostboheome delusion. What say you, Clairlhault? -who follows o me ?" And,. .ulitilg the action to the word, he armed Id:?isi . ?'iithniib·p'ker and a candlel nil aivsnnod tsseisrind.,tle door, . . Sinie of tile women screamed fnint', 'andl cowered holird each otiler am ieuli tuilet expcted tile ghost toa ppalnr b rut Martieo Ianohell as lie snail "Gi L you llke; bnt I dos't think yhu'll fin the colist." • yu i "Noeilher do I," cried-Cohenel Crawlrd ; e ? I salould like to see tile ghost who appeari to me." Anyhiwr we mwill try," said Captoiti Vavasour.I And the wliole party' isuend out ihto tile hell, and teencetdown thelicorridar to the litrary. The men went first, ef solere' whllilo e ts poor nrenan ftollowed te:nbling, none of is likuig to be left ins the dining-roim n alone, and repolved itoface tile ghost rather tl titn ale cotnpany of or rown sex btuurice opened the door, but,nea Iie hait prop'he. sled. no ghost waes litem, intl we male oter way hIoek nto lie dilhing r.som',ter vainly searelling i every nook eand corner for 'the oalt man wht ati frnilteanel nle. Whet wrgo.to back, ul: was. asailed with qiuestionns. t "What was lie like? Ibow wan he idrensed i? ieln' old did ielooek ?" , ; I told tlhena atlt over and over a.gain. it was. a little ohl cmni, witlt a white nerkcl~oth, suote aq was worn by geintlemen fifty years ago, and tat helie wore blacki knee- breeches and. silver btuckles. "lt i I alalt never dare tonleei ii. tlhi house,'" cried Laura It-; "does he wailk t in ally other of the roomsa?' f Ntlr, an ever," replied Alice;. "li lirs. never been seen edcept ill tile library." "I sny. Clatirhhal, lpit feliI, are you not trying to hlutmIag Ua all?" cried Captain ,Iavasour; is tile whole stn y. not a make up hqtwen you and Misn Clyfiard ?" - '.tin my hionour, no l" repliol hhaurice. "Thhntgh, aso Isitlr before, I have utlver seen the ghost myself, I believe hnat siunoeroly in itni"appear alice." I ofI Conot say that 1do," remarkel a geatlemlin ofthe name~ol tlunr. "Ida not doubt that M~irs Lacy believes she has seel a ghlosi; bitt enasy s'ho otathave leiarl the tradiion of your family, anid her imngination has dote tile ieat ?i "No t it was tiot itnmagihiatiat, andi nes.er kcew there was a ieosnt abotUt tile plcerI' 1 cried it digoantly; "I reallydli seeit. " I t r, '" Ooe tliing itrikes me as singula.r." said Fatthir Paul at thin juncture, tianid tiliat in, uo onte. hi ever spiikei'tt it. Suari a ]sarmlis'ies'old tsnl Its Miss Clifford describes cannot be likelylten ipire feair " and evesi were Ii twice as tehrrible," added lie, siiiiling, ,',I sihould liot feel -afrall 'to nie0t Je. Tell nie the exact titie yiilt saw It;, Miss m.'lyffiir.l, and tonlnorrow evening I will go to i the library." : "It was aboutt half-past six," 'laaid, "tis itearly as I eats remetiber," : - "'Then," retorited Fisthler Paul, "I will go by mnyself to tie library toi- titorras venisgjat hidf. past six, and see if I canaut'arriye at.nonjiisolution o t th is mi y's t e r'y ," The evenling p?oa.rd away in discussion about lhe glhoat: the meln ? affectin?g dishelief, Iluo indies every now and then, giving nervous little stalrs of fri-ht. Laura B -- dce'nrod shile wonld not go to bed and two or threeof the olhers deiebld on hitring eachll other'sromn. Bult by twelve o'cloak all was quliet, and when morninag brole rladiant with snn light, the poor ghoslt seemned iearly forgotel. When allusion was mande to It over the hreakfast table, even tltrse most tinmid cm the previous tiaht grew Wonderfully coarageons, and there was scarcely a lady. save Alice ohd imyaelf, who did-not dea'lnre her readiness to face Itin thle evening. But'we had seen It. they had not; anl Iharm lesh tlhongll it mighlt be, neither of us wislhedrl to see It again. Fltlher Paul looked earnest and grave, hut did notspeak on the slubject; and it was not till tlhe shlidowsdeseended ona C - Hll, and our party wan again assemblled in tile drawinog-room, tlihat we miksed thegoond priest from onr namber; when we didl so. insatataneously every one's thloughlts re vered to the gIlont. With tile night eanie back the fear; aad Ihad one felt inclined an ae satirical it wouldl have baen anansing to watchl Iiw snnoa thle ladies got frighltened -how those who vaunted their enurageo most loudly in the morning, ware the first to show their terror in the cv ning.- As far Alice and myself, we boldly conressed our nervnlaaness. I could not hIelp nntic'nr, However, that lthe women crept closer to their male companions, and that the opening or slhutting of .a door gave occan sion for many a fair Ioand being nervously clasped on a menly arm, whlich confidence.wos responded to by many a reassuring pressure on tile otlher side. Seven o'clock--half.pst; an hour had past and yet the" good priest remained absent. "What can have happened?' Where can he be?"--were'.questions constantly neked. Eight o'cleock was thelt dinner hoar. and as ihe French clock on the mantelplece chimed tile three-quarters, Maarice turned to Ilsa wife sland nald- "I think, my love, I will go to tihe library perhaps the good Father has forgotten the timne." Some of tite gentlemen offered to accompany him, bhat Malnrice declined, laughing; and hie was nd vancing towards the dloor when itsuddenly opened, and Father Palulappeared. I do not know what we expected to see, hut we all gave a little scream of alarm, wilen thie priest advanced to the centre of tihe room, pale and grave, and with a f?o'ded paper in his hand. "Oh,.Fathler Pnul, did you see It? Did It speak to you ? What did It say ?-were questions that. poured nut as we crowded round him. The good priest smiled at our eagerness and im petunaity. "Yen, I have seen It and spoelme to It, and It spoke to nme," he replied; and if ynll will give me time I will tell oaut what It saidl. You need not ihe afraid. my ehild,' hle added, turning to tile trembl ing Alice ; "the poor ghost hIas gone for ever, he will never appear again." "Oh, Father Paul, do tell usa," uttered %( chorus of voices. "There is not much to tell," he said, "andof that much I may not reveal all: suffice it he will never appear any morel and as a proof he lhas left me thias"--ho!ding up as he spoke thle folded paper, whtiae was yellow and dinggywith time, and looked liked an old worn letter. "Gnve you tlhat! Oil, wit'is it;?-whnti is it ?" "I did not say the ghost gavoe,- it me," replied Father Pnul; " hut hie told me where to find it, and itais a general confession 1" "A general confession!" "Yes, a general.confession. Tile story is simply this:--The ghost you saw was the spirit of Fathter Austin, an old priest who a hundred years ago was the :pirituil adviser and friend of tils Ihouse. You, "dr. Clairhaul', no doubt, hlave read in the annals of yonir family an account of him, and of his stalden death. It seems that on the day of hisdeath, a fair scion of Clairhault came to him in thleehapel, and was closeted with him for some time-in the confessional. On leaving him she placed in his hands this papoa.containing the geaeral confession she had previously made, and whicia she gave him to destroy. "l Ho put it ia lis breviary, inteonding to burn it whent, he returned to his room; but Almighty God saw fit to call hia servant to him before he left the chapel, and he fell dead at the very steps of the altar. You, Mr. Clairhlault, will recpliet lhearing hlow he was found deal in the sanctuary. _ l-rfoil-?.?p?.?r? .?,?alo~rl_ruil~tltY~-r Ml?'?''?'d on one ar;le Inesr seves ultne ibrary, where it remained from that day to this; but tihe spirit of the poor father has at times haunted the spot, in the hope that eventually some one would speak to hlim to whom he could reveal the secret of the manuscript, and who would strictly obey the wishes of the penitent, and complete what lie was not able to do. ' "Under God's providence Igave.been the one destined to fulfi81 hIa desire, andil to preserve in violate thei sacredness of the confesslonal; and thuso, in presence of you all, do -publicly obey his in junctions, and set his troubled spirit free." Saying whlich Father Paul advanced to the fire place, and thrunst tile folded paper into the very heart of the blazing coals. ' In silence and wonder we watched the paper crumple up and burn till it was'at last all eansumed. Astonishment held our tongues, but I coull not avoid a-start when, as the Ilst blue fl-tme faded away in the smlake, I heard, or fancied I heard, close beeillen me, a sigh similar to that I had heard in the library. When we hae partially rencovered from our surprise we overpawered Father Paul withs qnestions; but he positively refused to satisfy us further, nor could we obtain another wordl from his lipa. Nothing could ever induce him to say what past between him and the ghost; but since that eventful night the library has never been troubled with super natural apparitions, nor has ailyoie seen.again the Ghost of C--- ialI. f- niy PuLaVN.vo. 