ixmilmim* Dr. Mary Walker, the American lady phyairiao, is to deliver a leotore on tier experience u . medical practitioner, on Tuesday best, in St. Janiea's Ball. She ia a person of very slight figure, under five feet, aud quite slender. She ia habited in a black surtout, fitting neatly to the body. The skirt of the aorcoat, in which ia a aide pocket, from which a white handkerchief peeps, falia considerably below the knee, and, expanding from the waist in extin guiaher fashion, ia cloae buttoned through out. Ttia »' continuations" are alt-o of black, pretty full at the lower hem-in fact, quite the opposite of pegtop fashion, and a neat little pair of feet, which would not be quite unaristooratic in China, are fitted into an unexceptionable fair of boots. The collar resembles, if not composed, in faot, of white japanned steel, with a clearer aheen than Qlenfield starch, ending in a gvati tie, and forma a kind of alight cope to the dress, whioh fits dote to- the throat. Tlie bair, in regard 10 which the lady gra duate haB not denuded herself of the " or nament of woman," ia tied close up boliind, and is shed in proper feminine division from crown to lore bead. A very little black straw bat completes the attire, and wbioli in the reception room she carried in the hand. She was there the object of Sreat attraction to the numerous group, chiefly composed of ladies, and of which she formed the centre; and ehe was engaged in conversation with * Frenchman, who had so far forgotten the gallantry of bia nation as to put her on tbe defensive on the sub ject of her attire. Bnt before speaking of her defence, a word must be said m to her looks, which were then sharpened and ani mated. Her features are thin and small, and ehe is yet young, although showing a few of those lines which years always deepen. She is not pretty-not, at least, to admirers of plump and rosy faces-but in her manner she is engaging, especially to the curions. She spoke for herself with modesty, yet with confidence, and with much ready wit. She waa telling tbe French gentleman that at least a thousand women in the Stateanow wore ber costume, and that ii the tnoditlet of Paris did not look out at onoe, or rather if they did not forthwith adopt tbe costume of Dr. Mary Walker, their lead of fashion was at an end. America would take the place of France "snd dictate the costumes of the world. The lady auditors of Dr. Mary were in tensely amused; it is impossible to guesB bow far they were converted. There is literally no defence of crinoline, and bcre the lady reformer completely vanquished all opposition. She told tbe story of a general's wife, who had appeared at some grand ball in New York, with a hundred (or was it a thousand f) japonic** fastened to ber dress, and remarking that though at balls ladies " were not expected to show any common sense whatever," she rejoioed in these extreme cases, seeing they helped so strongly her case against the prevailing form of feminine costume.' It was, she .o knowledgcd, the medium that was ber | difficulty, m it was indeed the diffiaulty of I *U reformer*; bat (u she not illo^ically remarked) when ladisi gave way to the ex treme of absnrdity, then'ehe may hope to prevail with ber arguments as to the physiological unsuitabillty of tbe attire adopted by ber sex. After ber pretty little lecture, given in ever ao light a Yankee ac cent, the lady graduate moved on through the ball-observed by all observers vratclied curiously by the men, intently by tbe women. It seems she has received ever ao many invitations, and ber singular garb and clever talk make ber quite tbe lion ([ can hardly eay lioness) of evening parties. She will not break many hearts, bat she may tarn some beads. Her sex apparently regard ber with contending amotions of envy and pity, and, on the principal of lik ing the unlike, it is little wonder if even I alow gentlemen should behold with admira tion a lady wbo ii ao vyy, very fast. As to ber political opinions, ahe would upset everything bere, both domestic and political, and indeed .there are ladiea of ber msscn I line tendencies only in Bepublioan societies. , On ber breast sbe wears a kind of decora tion, which my be taken for Iter academi cal insignia, or as tbe badge of her profu sion, in which ahe states ahe has now been engaged for about seven years.-Edinburgh Courant. . 8EVXN'Eiohthb OF am Aops.-I have just eeven-eightba of an acre of labd where I reside. Upon it there is a email but com fortable dwelling-house, wood-house, car riage-boose, auoke-bouee, and bam ; » wood ^ yard, barn-yard, and a lane fits rods long ' from thence to tbe road ; also a front yard, four by six (ode. By this time, perhaps, tbe reader is about ready to eay, " W'eU, this about occupies your seven-eighths of an aore." Bat I also bave a garden upon the earn* seven-eighths of an acre, from which I raited tbe eummerpast all the I oniona, eqeasbes, cucumlers, to Dittoes, potatoes, sveet potatoes, sweet corn, aspa ragus, pie phnt, beets, mask- melons, beans, peae, and cabbage, that were wanted for my family use (a family of aix persons, besides working-men) during tbe time of Wing, garden stuff; and, after tbe maturity of tbe crop gathered for fall sod winter ⅇ,faa]f a boBhel onions, seven bushels potatoes,'four busbeb aweet potatoes, bfclf a biuhel aweet corn, and fifty-niee cabbage beads. I hrive a email nursery also upon this seven-eighths of an acre, consisting of over 2000 trees, mostly of fine aice for transplanting, com prising apple, peaob, pear, plum, cherry, quince, and grape trees. Itaring tbe lime of feasting we bare bad raspberries, goose berries. and currents, almost without mea sure--bushels of eseh. Cherries, peaches, plums, pear*, grapes, and applet bave been used aa free aa water--bow many X cannot tell. I bare sold from tbe same seven eighths of an acre trees to tbe amount of £74 08. Fruit for cash-cherries, §5 86 j peaches, #19 08; pears, $5 60 j plums, |7 60; quinoes, 12; and grapes, $5 76, making in tbe aggregate $115 12. I bave put thirty bushels of choioe winter apples, in my oellar, and, to finish off tbe list hare out Irom four to five - hundred pounds of good hay. Tbis is . oorrect statement of seven-eighths of an sere of'land in Rich field, Summit Co., Ohio.-Cor. OmtiniUt Journal. Tbe following interesting particulars nf tbe approaching Paris Exhibition are from a circular issued by Messrs. Vial, D'Aram, and Co., formerly of Sydnev, and now general agents of Paris:-" The exhibition will be in doon and out of doors. The palace will cover a space of 176,612 equars yards, containing-The 1st group, fine arte ; 2nd ditto, materials and application of liberal arte j 3rd ditto, furniture and all things concerning dwelling; 4th ditto, clothing and all things to cover man s 6th ditto, produce extracted either raw or wrought; 6th ditto, instruments of com mon arts; 7th ditto, food, either fresh or preserved. Tbe park will measure 416,000 square yards, containing part of tbe 6th group; as also tbe 8th group, living pro duce and specimens of agricultural estab lishments ; 9th ditto, living produce and specimens of horticultural establishments; 10th ditto, things specially exhibited with tbe view to improve the physical and moral condition of the people. In that last group H.M. the Emperor exhibits specimens of cottages, constructed for the poor at a specified low cost. A bishop builds a cheap although elegant church, &?., &c.; The progress of the ege and tbe importance of tbe undertaking are well shown by the £sct that the Exhibition of 2867 requires 691,612 square yards, whilst the London Bxhibition of 1851 only re quired 85,000. Its working capital is supplied as follows:-Subscription by the public, £820,000; ditto by the city of Paris, £240,000; ditto by the State, £240,000; total, £800,000. Ten millions of people are expected to visit it." " Molly," said Joe Kelly's ghost to his wife, " I m in purgatory at this present moment," says be. " And what sort of a vilaaa ?? it P anvil iiIir ?* ffiir." aava h». "'tis a sort of half-way house between you and heaven, and I stand it mighty aimr after leaving yon." The unprecedented number of 174 per sons were brought before the magistrates at Manchester polioe court, on tne 22nd. The majority were charged with drunken ness, or disorderly conduct arising Gram drunkenness. A woman, named Kean, was taken to the town-boll, Sheffield, charged with stealing a frock, and waa locked up in a coll. About six next morning a "little stranger" made its appearance in that inauspicious place. THE Hkad ahd FBONT OF sbeib OFFEronro."-Ladies, if you go on dimi nishing tbe sice of your head-dresses, yon must be punished-you must be bonneted. -Ptuteh. 