NORMAN AND GRIND. A TALE OF THE PRESENT DAY. CHAPTER XXVI. By The Author of "Mildred's Wedding," &c.;, &c.; WHEN Mr. Norman said that Mr. Grind was bitterly opposed to his suit to Fairy, he spoke the truth. Mr. Grind, protecting the interests of the bank, protested against an alliance be- tween the head of the firm and a girl whos« hauij wm w unfitted to have any kind of partnership in Hi respectability and wealth. The very shadow of these careless Bohemians fallings the step, of the beak portal was suffi cient, he argued, to Mare away customers and cheek the flow of their incoming ooin. Mr. Qrind may hare had more cogent reaaona for opposing a marriage between hit partner and flora Woodford, but he kept thaw to himself, confining toe matter strictly to business grounds. His private opinion, there fore, respecting the kind of husband Mr. Norman waa likely to make to a defenceless girl with no hedge of family or fortune to protest her, had nothing to do with bis arguments. Feelings had no right to interfere with business; nevertheless, when both tallied, he was not ill pleased. Hence, knowing he was expediting Philip's marriage, he arranged to advance Mrs. Bayner the necessary funds with great internal satisfaction, although this did not render htm less careful to make the transaction a safe one for the bank. The arrangement failed to bring the desired end, and therefore Mr. Grind felt himself obfiged to utter a strong protest and to inform his partner officially that, in a pe cuniary and business point of view, he regarded the laughing, careless, indolent Woodfords with unmitigated horror. A marriage between Leslie Norman and .the daughter of these outcasts from the pale of respectabilities would, he urged, be highly unsatisfactory to a dividend loving public. A flourishing paragraph, setting forth how the head-partner of " Norman and Grind" had allied himself with the heiress of a merchant-prince, or the daughter of some gnat noble whose lands stretched through half a county, was the sort of thing the public ex* peoted from the firm, audit behoved Leslie Norman to satisfy them. For the good of the bank he ought to be glad to marry a well dowered gorilla; for the same reason he had no right to an angel if her purse were empty. Mr. Norman listened to all this in ominous j silence. His tyrannous and passionate desire to marry Fairy Woodford was not to be stayed by such reasons as these. Stronger ones might have been forthcoming had Mr. Grind chosen to use them, but he was a man who never played his trump cards till the last. 80 he con tented himself with these protestations, and with other slight barriers, seen and unseen, which he raised in Mr. Norman's path. Still, in the midst of his stoniness and bis immobility some earnest passion or fear worked. He grew harder with defaulters and keener in business, sharpening his eyes " upon the countenance of his foes " in a way that sent the frost of fear into their marrow. Constituting himself the grim guardian of the bank, he fenced with the public when it accused his partner of wishing to make an imprudent marriage, and believing in his heart this ill-assorted union would never take place, he did not scruple to speak of the Woodfords as people with whom no respectable, prosperous man could possibly ally himself. ! This manner of speaking made a barrier of itself, for it is seldom indeed that a man daces I do what his friends hare assured the world it is impossible for him to do. Moreover, Mr. Ghrind was deep in Mrs. I Norman's confidence, and had only lately heard j from that lady how her heart was set on a J marriage between her son and the rich and j beautiful Miss Sinclair. This was an alliance I that would suit the public and the bank exactly, so Mr. Grind scowled more grimly than ever i when he heard Mr. Norman's name coupled ! with Fairy's, and transfixed the offender with j eyes as stony as the orbs of an ichthyosaurus. With those feelings, leaving out his secret motives, his dismay can be imagined when, one I morning, in the bank parlor, a gentleman of moneyed aspect, who had given his name as General Sinclair, and who had brought letters from a rich firm in India, abruptly asked if it was true that Mr. Norman was about to be married to Miss Woodford. Mr. Grind indignantly denied the report, and firmly resolving such a marriage should never take place, he protested vehemently against the ill-will of slanderers who dared couple the respectable and moneyed names of " Norman and Grind" with such a family as the Wood fords. Upon this the gentleman made a few inquiries, in a courteous and careless way, respecting the Woodford family, and although Mr. Grind answered, like a business man, with caution, yet enough was said to lead the stranger to think them by no means a desirable con nection. When Mr. Grind, quite satisfied with his business transaction* that morning, bowed General Sinclair from the door, he little thought he had destroyed his last chance of saving the bank from the downfall of a Wood ford alliance. General Sinclair, in deep thought, went on to the great bare ugly eemeteiy beyond the sub urbs of Sharpton, and standing by a newly-made grave, whose plain headstone simply recorded the age and name of Mary Bayner, he pondered how he could best serve her son. It would be no true aid to help him to form a miserable marriage with a silly girl, whose disreputable family would be a clog and a disgrace to him through life. However, he would not decide hastily; he would go out to Willowdean and judge for himself, and if he found these people all he feared, then he would certainly use his influence with his old friend's son to induce him to give up what he could not but consider a boyish and imprudent engagement. General Rinclair did not ask himself whether his dis appointment respecting his daughter was in any way influencing his feelings ; he fancied he was performing the part of a true friend. He looked upon Minnie as one " pure and perfect crysolite." Any man, on receiving such a gem from his hands, would be overwhelmed with happiness and joy. .And this glorious gift he eonteeoplated bestowing on Philip, and Philip had refused it. General Sinclair pitied him amasingly, but, in the gush of his kindly feel ings towards Mrs. Bayner, he was willing to forgive his blindness and renew his generous proposal. What better or greater thing could he do for her son than this P The General had led a hard, dry unromantic life, henoe then was a world of unused ro mance in him, canopied by a sky full of castles in the air on which he still built. This is not rare; the illusions we have never proved still seem to us reaL The rich man laments the hoQowness of wealth, and sighs for a shepherd's Arcadia; while the poor man bewoOT* his. poverty, and believes to the last in the joys he should have grasped with riches. So the lover, "sighing like a furnace," who marries, finds his mistress is no angel, and thinks Miss Pelf would have brought him more substantial bliss; while the man who makes a cold, prudent union sighs over old memories and regrets " Love's young dream." These unsatisfied cravings of the heart gnaw in many a bosom where we never dream such weakness lingers, and good, flinty, worldly, souls, hard as adamant have yet a soft oorner in their spirit wherein they cherish the poor faint ghost of some past and perished hop*. Thus it is that Lawyer Dryasdust hides a poem beneath bis parchments, and was, while he read it, far less of a business man than the poet who demanded and got a thousand guineas for his quarto. Thus the publishers—in whose me thodical and financial minds we should never suspect the presence of such a madness—de mand from the slave* of the pen mysteries and romanoe, heartrending sorrows, sudden joys, and supernatural terrors. And they are half right : we can gather cabbages in every garden, we do not want to paint them; it is the hidden flowers of the soul that the writer's hand must seise and picture—those blossoms which in so many spirits lie unfolded, never bringing forth their fruit of good 01 of evil; for we lead dormant lives most of us, our passions like sleeping snakes only lifting their heads with a helf-strength, while our virtues like wounded birds rise but lamely. And so I repeat theoynioal, the practical General Sinclair, as he stood by the grave of bis flrst love, held within bis heart a world of mussed romanoe, which never having built into his own life he longed to bestow upon his daughter. He dreamt now of an impossible son-in-law—« son- in-law who, owing him every thing, would be grateful, affectionate, unselfish— a son-in-law who would take a wife and yet leave the General his daughter, and who would not use his wife's love for him as a hatchet wherewith to hew down her love for her father—a son-in-law who would not leave him homeless, and childless, and lonely, but who would give him a "dearer home and the joy of little children. He had too much sense to expect this from the rich, the great, the noble —they would have too many ties—and there fore he east his thoughts on a man who was poor and lonely, an orphan whose few relatives gave him neither money nor affection, and who was, moreover, the child of his own lost love. How sad that a silly girl should mar this pleasant dream! "It would not be only for Minnie's sake," aaid .the General as he turned away from the grave, "but for yours, my poor Mary, that I would be to him as a father if he will but let me!" Nevertheless, the gentle, patient woman wholsy beneath that sod had prayed him to aid her son to marry Flora Woodford; and although it was evident she made the request in ignoranoe of the miseries such an alliance would bring on him, yet the General felt bound to obey it. So he departed for Willowdean, but with a hope in his heart that he might find the Woodfords even greater Bohemians than Mr. Grind had painted them. " Now, shall I present myself at their door as an old friend of Mrs.Bayner'sP" he asked him self as he rode up the village street, "or shall I make inquiries respecting them of their neighbors?" General Sinclair had had too full a purse all his life long to know that, with such a family, neighbors had gone gradually through a des cending scale from friends to creditors, thence to enemies and detractors. The bitterest of these was Mrs. Tapes; and on her, led by Fairy's evil genius, did the General's cautions questions first fall. O how delighted was Mrs. Tapes to utter forth all her hatred, her jealousy, her wrongs! How she burned with indignation against girk so wicked that even married men were not safe from their wiles! How great was her pity for that "dear, soft-spoken gentleman, Mr. Norman, who was took in and robbed shame ful !" How deep her commiseration for that other young gentleman in the Aarmy, who was breaking his 'art about a jilt who went out riding with Mr. Norman the very day after he was gone! Then there was Mr. Shepherd and Mr. Philperse, and a host more, not to speak of that young upstart at the Post Office, of whom Mrs. Tapes had no opinion; and her own dear mother who had it the honestest woman that ever lived, but whether he was another thing; and Mrs. Tapes wouldn't grieve if his heart was wrung, or his neck either; and they Woodford girls—ladies she wouldn't call them —was quite capable of doing it. And as to the boys, it was only yesterday they took off the door-bell, which the milkman was ringing, it, ha was, for his bill, and they runged it at him out of window while he pulled away at the empty wire. And Mr. Woodford—who ought to be ashamed to laugh, in his coffin as he was, or almost—looked out from between the repletion blinds, and laughed out loud, although his own servant—who some folks said was Mrs. Wood ford's sister, else she never would stay withoufN, victuals and wages, though others thought she ■« might be a con vie' and obliged—had told the man repeated that her master was out in a seedan. Much more did Mrs. Tapes say, jtanestiy be lieving it all, while the general, distorted and sorrowful that Philip Bayner's affections should have lighted on one to unworthy, resolved to leave no means untried to break off his unfor tunate engagement. Still his conscience and.—^ his honor demanded of him some better cvi- j dence than that of Mrs. Tapes, and so he de cided on presenting himself at Willow Lodge, and judging with his own eyes this forlorn family, whose proceedings so shocked her matronly and respectable mind. "My goodness!" shrieked Doll, as after many pulls at the broken wire, the general at last attracted attention—"here's a strange gentleman! I wonder if he's a lawyer's clerk! Boots put up the chain, or answer him from the dining-room window, and say we are all out-" Boots preferred the latter as being more safe. "He might put a stick inside the door, so as I could not shot it again," she remarked. So thrusting a very grimy cap out of window, she requested to know the stranger'a business. The General was embarrassed. Bather sv martinet in discipline and etiquette, and always accustomed to much respect, he grew indignant and said angrily— " Have the goodness to open the door. I will tell my business to yosjr master." " That's a likely story," retorted Boots with a grin. "It aint so very particular, I suppose* but what you can tell it to me. Master's gone out for a drive." "In a sedanP" said the General, inad vertently thinking of Mrs. Tapes. This exasperated Boots. Yon are one of the regular ones, I see," she said—"up to every dodge going. It ain't no odds to you whether he is in a seedan or a charut and pair. You may as well go. Yon can't get in; the front door is locked and the back door is bolted, and all the winders is nailed down 'cent this." The General had now recovered his surprise at this curious reception, and, drawing nearer, he condescended to accost Boots with great politeness. . " I am aware of Mr. Woodford's peeoliaeoir cumstaneee," he said. " Will yon tell him I am an old friend of Mrs. Bayner's ? Ido not think he will object to see me then." " Why don't yon say you've got a hamper of game outside the gate ?" retorted Boots with great contempt. "The old friend dodge and the game dodge have been tried here so many times that I wonder an old stager like yon don't know better than to pnt off such a stale trick upon me." "My name is Sinclair," expostulated the General, getting very red in the face and staring — about him in a bewildered manner. "I am General Sinclair." A sudden burst of laughter which saluted him here caused Urn to look up, and then at an upper window he beheld four heads huddled together in a high state of merriment at his discomfiture. Doll withdrew her pretty flushed face on being seen, but Itab and the boys held their ground. " Who made you a General P" squeaked the young Lionel. " The last one that came was a captain, and Charlie and I squirted cold water over him from the garret window. If you dent take care we'll serve you worse." At this juncture Mrs. Woodford, in a pitiable state of excitement, appeared at another window* and opened it tremblingly. Her wild, frightened eyes shining out of her white face startled the General as she glared down upon him. " May I request to know why you come here persecuting a dying man?" she asked in ft quivering voice. " And at whose suit are yen sentP" The General raised his hat sfightty, with some doubts in his own mind whether the whelp, family was not mad. "I have no wish to persecute any one," be said, "neither do I desire to subject myself to insult. Permit me, then, to say good morning.** He was riding away, but a thought made him turn back. "As a stranger, madam, perhaps I owe yon some apology for alarming yon with my presence! but, as Mrs. Bayner's oldest friend, I flattered myself, from the interest you must naturally take in her son, you would be glad to see mcv' "Beally," observed Mrs. Woodford in a voice of doubt, "if what you say is true, and you will five me your honor that none of your followers are watching the premises with a view to springing in at' opened doors, I will come out through the back way and speak to yon for a moment or so in the garden." Declining this oblig'ng offer the General once more raised bis hat and departed. Bigoronsly careful in money matters, methodical in pay ment as in all else, abhorring debt, and severely serious in manners, having not one drop of the laughing careless Irish blood in his veins that kept the Woodfords in sunny spirits even in their misery, he felt quite icy with horror and disgust as he reflected that he was asked to aid Philip Bayner to ally himself with such a family as this. It did not need that he should meet Agnes on a showy bay, with a thin, meek young man by her aide, to complete his determination never to assist Philip if he persisted in his infatuation. Agnes, bending from her tall horse, was bestowing her brightest smiles on her unfortunate admirer, when, looking up, her bold brown eyes met the scrutinising gaze of the General. An old Indian officer knows a flirt by intuition—knows and condemns, hence the glance that fell on Agnes was searching and somewhat cynical. She felt the dislike and contempt which the look did not express, and was irritated. " What a miserable old mummy! " she said to her companion. "He looks as if he had just come out of the pyramids." " La! Miss Woodford, what a one you are to joke!" returned the young man. "I didn't see him. I never see nothing but you now." All this was perfectly audible to the General. "So this is Miss Woodford! " he exclaimed to himself; and she permits the attentions of such a creature as that poor milksop. Is Philip Bayner mad ?" The General never reflected there might be two elder Miss Woodfords, neither did he know that the pretty shrinking figure, with pale, delicate face, whioh he* admired so much as she stood aside to let him pass, was the patient girl whose unhappiness so many worldly-wise heads had determined on. For himself, all the purposes with which he had quitted Paris were changed. He tele graphed to bis daughter that he was coming back to fetch her, as he intended to take her with him to Ireland. fro he coxnircxn.] 