SOOTH AUSTRALIAN FEMALE REFUGE. The annual public meeting of the South Australian Female Refuge was held in the Bap tist Chapel, Flinders-street, on Tuesday even ing, April 9. There was a very good attendance, and Mr. K. Blyth, M.P., in the absence of His Worship the Slayor, presided. The proceedings were opened by the Rev. S. Mead offering tip an appropriate prayer. The Chaikuax remarked that they had met togetuer tuat evening tor ine purpose or re ceiving the report of the Institution for the tenth time. He was there merely as the sub stitute of His Worship the Mayor, who was a great frien-? to the Institution, and who would have been glad to bave been present, but he had not yet returned to the colony, and could therefore not be with them. He then re ferred to the object of the Society, and remarked that be thought it was a benefit to the colony. Remembering that it was the tenth meeting of the Society, he thought they had achieved some success. During that time the doors had never been closed, but the Institution had, by the blessing of God, been the means of rescuing several from their life of vice and wickedness, and of starting them upon a new walk in life. Perhaps there was not a work which required so much faith as that in which they were engaged. The report some time ago expressed fears that the Insti tution would have to be closed on account of Lue huurtness or lunas, um ue iiujievA tuc icpn that year would show a better state of things. The necessity for such an Institution was ap parent to all of them, and that it required much labor, and self-denial would also be apparent to them. He would not detain them any longer, as there were several other gentlemen to address them, but would at once call upon the Secretary to read the report, and afterwards the statements of accounts. The Secretary (Mr. G. W. Hawkes), then read the tenth annual report, as follows : — 'Ten years have elapsed since the foundation of this truly charitable institution. With fefilings of gratitude to the Giver of all Good that the refuge has been preserved to Soutb. Australia, for the present and future good of the community, your Committee now once more meet its supporters. i lie past yearnas been one ot unprecedented financial embarrassment ; and, beginning it with a debt of £115 2s. 9d. due to the Treasurer, it required faith aud earnestness in the cause to struggle against pecuniary difficulties. The payment of an overdraft from the Bank was demanded, and in the hour of need a generous benefactor, whose liberal gifts are continually before the public, relieved your Committee of extreme anxiety by giving a donation of £100. ' It cannot be out of place here to ask whether it is fair to make those who do the work become responsible year after year, for debts necessarily incurred for maintenance of inmates, beyond their own contributions end the subscriptions received from the public? ' During the year circulars have been issued to all ministers and office-bearers in and around Adelaide, asking them to invite the co-operation of their congregations in providing funds for the Refuge. A response was made by the Wesleyan First Circuit, and £17 14s. Gd. lias been con tributed by them, and Presbyterian Church, Flinders-street, £6 2s. ; also promises of help have been maxie by the Rev. James Jefferis, Rev. S. Mead, Rev. Canon Russell, and Rev. Canon Farr ; but beyond this no notice has been taken of tbe respectful application made. ' In consequence of the paucity of funds, the Committee have been compelled to discon tinue the services of a female missionary visitor to the haunts of vice, with a view to rescue the young from a life of misery and degradation. ' To the Ladies' Committee the institution is much indebted for their zealous superintendence of the domestic arrane'einent.s. anil bv nrovirlincr places with trustworthy Christian employers for the inmates whom they can conscientiously recommend. The visits of the ladies, with their good advice and kindly sympathy, have doue much towards reclaiming the fallen. Your Committee cannot express too strongly their sense of the valuable support which is given to their efforts by the steady self-denying minis trations of the Lailies' Committee. ' The thanks of the subscribers are due to Mr. Benson, surgeon, of Kensington, who hos generously given his prafessioaal services gratuitously. ' Under the able and zealous management of Mrs. Harvey the establishment at Norwood has been conducted with order, cleanliness, and regularity. During the past year uo serious cases of insubordination have been reported. It is a pleasing evidence of the power of that sym pathy which the Matron bestows on the objects of her care that she is not only treated with respect and affection by the inmates while in tbe house, but these feelings are often actively manifested towards her long after they have left for service. 'Arrangements have been iuade to provide a weeKiy evening service at JNorwood House during the current year. Twenty-two ministers have kindly consented to officiate. The Committee wish it to be clearly understood that they are ready to afford facility to ministers of every religious body of visiting those inmates who belong to their denominations, and that visits of inspection to the Institution by any minister will be always welcome. 'At the date of the last meeting there were — Inmates in the house ? ... ... 7 Admissions or readmissions during the year. . . 16 23 Provided with situations ... ? 6 Restored to their friends ? ... 2 Left the house at their own wish ? 3 Absconded— relapsed ... ? 3 Sent to Destitute Asylum ? 3 Inmates at this date ? 0 23 Two of the late inmates have been married to most respectable pei'sons during the last year. ' A sum of £S0 has been promised towards the reduction of the mortgage existing, viz., £.'500, conditionally on the amount of £100 being raised within the next 12 months. Of the above sum £-J0 has been paid, as shown in the accounts. ' It is a sad fact, and a just ground of com plaint, that indecently-dressed and badly behaved females during the day walk the streets of this city, proclaiming the wretched character of their pursuits ; but, alas ! many of those who are loudest in their complaints are not found among the few contributors who support au institution having for its object the reclama tion of tbe wanderer from the path of virtue. Let it be borne in mind that in some cases bad parents, bad example, dissolute companions in early life, an utter absence of religious instruc tion to counteract the seeds of vice planted in childhood, have been the active influences lead ing them to stray. Let pity and sorrow, no less than reproof, take their share in the work of reclaiming the fallen. In any case let us help them. We have all need, indeed, to bear constantly in mind the words of Him who said — ' I say not unto thee, until seven times; but until seventy times seven.' ' He also read the balance-sheet, showing the re ceipts and expenditure during the year, from which it appeared that the total receipts had been £,'!23 7*s. M., ami that the expenditure had been t'4IJ'J '.h. 5J. . thus leaving » balance due to the Treasurer of £39 4s. !)d. The Rev. J. M.\i:-;han then moved that th-? report be adopted and printed for circulation amongst subscribers. He thought the necessity for such an institution was very great, especiallv in this city. Some people took objections to such institutions on the ground that they were posing such an institution to be merely secular, was it not bestowing benefits on humanity? He denied that such an institution was merely secular in its purposes. It was no more secular than was the National Missionary Society, nor the Bible Society, nor other such societies. The object of that Institution was to raise those who had fallen from the paths of virtue, and lift them up and up until they became known among the princesses of our God. Other per sons took objection to such institutions, as they were not mentioned in the ritual of their Church, and were not of tbe sainc ci ei-d as themselves, but all institu tions which had for their objects the good of society in general should be supported by every one, of whatever denomination. They were bound (-j- ev«ry tie of humanity to support insti tutions which had for their object the elevation oi uur common uuiuiumy. (xtppiiiuse. ; Anotuer great objection was, that the good which was done by such institutions was not worth the money expended upon it, aud that it was abortive. But lie denied that any charitable effort which was made in the name and faith of the Lord was ever abortive. The good which was done by that Institution was not valued by its money value, but liy the benefits it conferr- d on Society in general. (Applause.) He be lieved that Institution was a benefit to the colony, and that was the reason he stood there that evening to move the adoption of the report. He referred to the rc'inarks made in the report, as to a period of unprecedented pecuniary em barrassment, and said he regretted that. It was not creditable to them as ministers, and as a com munity, that au institution which was of such geat benefit should be in want of the small amount of funds required to keep it. He also referred to the statement in the report that 24 ministers of religion bad visited the Refuge, and remarked that that was an example of the catholic nature of the institution. He ap pealed to them to aid the society by all the means in their power, aud to show their approval of the objects of the institution, by their generosity that evening when called upon to subscribe. (Applause.) Tiie Rev. Silas Mead seconded the proposi i-juij» jic ikiju ut; euiMJJU jiut nubdiUi liliclfl lOUg that evening. He bad often felt sorry when ho thought of the small amount of aid which they g;ive to that institution. He thought a great many of them meruly gave thiir pound or their guinea once in the year, and when the eu J of tbe year came felt sorry that they bad not done more for tho institution. He also spoke of the benefit which the institution was, and of the amount of wickedness and vice which prevailed in the city, and remarked that he thought a good deal might be done by the Christian ladies of tho city in undertaking to look ofter these wretched persons whom they wuhed to save from tho path of sin. If there were only or two in each congio gation wbo would undertake to re fonn one or two of that class, the results would be very great, and he thought it would be the means of rescuing many. Very cordially he seconded the resolu tion, and hoped that the Institution would flourish, and be successful in its elfoits. (Ap plause.) Mr. A. S. Clark supported tbe resolu tion. He referred to the report and said he was sorry to sec that on account of the want of funds they had been com pelled to put an eud to the missionary visiting. He was sorry to hear that, because he thought the missionary visiting had a beneficial effect. It showed those wretched persons that they were cared for, and that some one took an nterest in their welfare. He next spoke as to the funds, and remarked that the Secretary stated that it required £.100 per annum to keep the Institution going. He sincerely hoped that amount would be forthcoming, and not only the £300. but a great deal more, so that the usefulness of the Institution could be increased. (Applause.) He referred to the Churches having been ap pealed to for assistance, aud said lie was sorry that the call hail not been more cordially an swered ; but lie found that amongst those which were mentioned as having answered the appeal, the Church to which he belonged, the Unitarian, was not mentioned. He was the more surprised to find that that Church was not mentioned, because at the time the appeal was received it was considered very heartily, and exertions were made to assist the Institution, and an amount was forwarded to the Treasurer. He also had an assurance to them from his minister, who was absent from the colony, that the Institu tion would not be longer ueglected as it had been. In conclusion, he thought such an In stitution was a good one, and he sincerely hoped all the Churches would assist in supporting it. The resolution was then put and carried. Mr. H. S. Earl moved the next resolution, as follows :— ' That it is the duty of all who desire to counteract the miseries rssulting from tue evil which this Institution has been estab lished 10 prevent, to giv.j tlieir Hearty coopera tion to houses of refuge and penitentiaries.' He spoke of the misery which was caused by a life of vice, and said every intelligent philan thropist and Christian must deplore the degra dation and misery which existed. The question was, should they let the wretched creatures push on in their path of vice and misery ? God forbid that the}' should do so. Every feeling of tbe human heart, and every true and noble feeling of humanity, said — ' No ; we will not leave them in tlieir degradation. The Bible told them in accents of thundering tones that they should not leave them alone in tliat state. The resolution said that they would pledge them selves to support such places. It was surely a duty they owed to the unfortunate creatures - they had not always been so. Once they were pure — rtllPP t'.l»f*V t.iviii i.lio mi +.l»c exf virtii A fiiijl r\nf*n they were tbe souvcu of unalloyed pleasure, per haps, to their families. They were not always as they were now, and it must be remembered what they once were. Were t)iey not called upon to alleviate their misery, aud place those poor creatures again in the paths of virtue and righteousness? (Applause.) It was also a duty they owed to society at large. The evils were dire to contemplate, and many were led to it by associating with bad companions. Many who were led from the paths of virtue were enticed deeper ami deeper into misery by those poor unfortunates. Their hospitals were peopled by those poor unfortunates and their victims. Much had been said about looking after the health of the people. Health was indeed a treasure, but should they neglect the moral condition of society, which was quite as precious as the health ? Let it not be said so, and he hoped they would contribute largely to the Institution. It was a duty they owed to God. It was His will that they should assist the unfortunate. They had both precept and example for their guide. The great God himself came to save them, and where should they all have been at that time if it had not been for the all-powerful hand of God ? If they wanted to be Godlike ; if they His word so far as in them lay, they should assist the poor .ind unfortunate in their troubles. Let it not be said that they had fallen so low that they could uot be raised again. The facts showed the contrary. Let them haste to the rescue, ami do .ill in their power to ameliorate the condition of those unfortunate creatures. The Society claimed their sympathy ; it wanted their assistance and co-operation in act and deed. He asked them earnestly to support the institution, as it was the duty of all who desired tbe good of humanity to do so. (Applause.) The Rev. J. Lyall seconded. He said he knew of no sin that more undermined the con stitution or destroyed the energies than the vice which it was the object of that Institution to suppress. It w;is a lamentable thing that such sin should exist in so small a community as this was to such au exteut. He had heard a short time ago upon reliable authority that there were 200 of those unfortunate females in Adelaide, and he did not think that number had since diminished at alL If some who bad left the Institution had returned to their evil ways they must not be disheartened, but support the Institution, so as to enable it to continue. He referred to the licensing of a certain house by the Bench of Magistrates at their last meeting, and which was the occasion of a number of letters in the newsnaners. and remarked that he had no doubt the gentlemen composing that Bench had acted as they considered prudent, but he thought it would have been better if they liad not licensed the house, after the opposition which bad been manifested. (Applause.) It had been said that it would be better to license them according to the French fashion ; that they were necessary evils, and must be maintained ; but he hoped the time woulil never come whan the people of South Australia would ever license such places — (applause) — and bethought he knew the feeling of the people of South Australia too well to say that the time would ever t-ouie when such would be the case. (Applause.) He referred to the remarks of the previous speaker as to the unfortunate women not being always as they were now, and said that perhaps that might be true in some cases, but in many it was because they had never been trained properly when young, or because they had had bad parents, who had never taken any care with them, so that it could scarcely be wondered that some of them should turn out .as they had. He thought the love of dress in the colonial girls was one great cause of their going astray. AU the girls had an aversion to going out to service ; they pre ferred a milliner's or dressmaker's, because they thought it more respectable. If some of tlieir colonial bred young girls could he induced to believe that a servant's situation in a respectable family was as respectable a calling as tliat of a dressmaker, &c.; , he thought it would have a good effect. (Applause.) He siucerely svinixtthised with the poor creatures. whom they were endeavoring to benefit Their duty was clear, and if they wished to follow the footsteps of their Divine Master they should support and assist such institutions. He was glad to find that a number of Christian Indies visited the Institution. That he thought was a capital thing. Those poor creatures thought they were looked down upon in contempt; but if Christian ladies visited them it showed them that they wore thought about. Tliat Institution was singularly blessed in having a pious and good Christian lady at tliu head of it. She took a groat interest in her office, and w;is much thought of ami respected l-y the inmates. The Institution had also bwn blessed in the results which h.nl followed itM labors, as was .shown in the report. If sotm' few of the inmates did not turn oi.t as was expected they should not be disheartened. If they succeeded in rescuing eight or ten in a year that was full and good compensation for any trouble ami expense which wight have been taken in the matter. The rev. gentleman con cluded by wishing the Institution success, and by asking those present to support it, and resumed his sett amidst annluu.se. The Kev. Canon Kussell s:tiJ he should like to say a few words, He then referred to tiie renisirks of the Kev. Mr. Lyall as to the licensing of the houses according to the French plan, and remarked that he disagreed with Mr. Lyall as to that point. He thought houses of that class should be all placed together and restricted to a particular locality. Mr. Lyall hail s:ii-l that th;tt opinion was not the public opinion, and from the appl-.iuse which followed the reverend gentleman's remarks he gathered (hat the meet ing agreed with him ; but he thought he knew pubHc feeling pretty well, and it must have greatly changed if that was the public opinion now. (Disapprobation.) No one could more admire the manner in which Mr. Lyall had addressed the meeting than he (Ifr. Kusseli) did, but he differed from him on some points. The Chairman remarked th:it they were not bound by a speaker's address, but they were bound by the resolutions. (Applause.) It was impossible that they could be bound by a speaker's words in addressing them, lie under stood Mr. Lyall to express disapprobation of what was generally known as the French system — the system of giving Government licences to dis reputable houses. He thought that Mr. Russell had misunderstood Mr. Lyall. He was sure Mr. Russell would be no party to granting licences to disreputable bouses, and allowing them to carry on their wicknedness under a licence. He was a member of Parliament, but he did not know how long he should be so ; but ho hoped his hand might wither, and his tongue wither away in death before he would give his sanction to such an outrage upon society. (Applause. ) The resolution was then put and declared carried. Tbe Rev. J. Ltall said the Chairman had fully explained his meaning. The Rev. Canon Farr was next called upon to move the third resolution, sis follows: — 'That this meeting pledges itself to use every exertion to provide funds for the South Australian Female Refuge, and for increasing its usefulness.'' He said, before speaking to the resolution, he could not refrain from making a few remarks on a point that had bueii raised during the meet ing. He then referred to the. remarks of the Rev. Canon Russell, and stated th.it they had strongly expressed disapprobation ' his remarks. The Chairman was a member of Parliament, and had said that he would never be a party to license disreputable houses, yet such houses were licensed, and one ws* not v«ry far from that place. Why did they express duap« probation, when dancing rooms and such places wera allowed to be carried on, and in which young girls were seduced from the paths of virtue and disgraced. Let them have a little more truth in their opinions, and not be mere sham. He then referred to his resolution, and spoke of supporting the Institution, remarking that when £300 a year was all that could be got from them it was a shame to them. In putting that reso lution to them he did not wish them to hold up their hands unless they intended to act upon it. (Applause. ) He did not merely ask them to aid the Institution by money. There were some present who could aid it by example and by speaking of it to others. Of all those who could thus aid it, the young men present were the ones who could do it. Their object was not bo much to put down the sin as to help those who had fallen into sin. That was their work, and what they wished to do. Any one might give half-a-crown and not feel that he had done much. He trusted that his words would cause them to co-operate with real, true, and earnest help. He earnestly asked them all to assist the Institution, and to do all they could to promote its usefulness. The Rev. A. Rigg seconded the resolution in a lengthy and excellent speech. In speaking of the proximate causes of the vice in question, he said parents had a great objection to their sons and daughters marrying until they had sufficient means to enable them to live in what they considered a respectable positiou, and one not beneath what they had been used to live in, and what was the consequence ? It was a violation of the constitution of nature. He was sure that they all agreed that the Institution was a benefit to the colony, and he trusted the great object would be fully accomplished, and that they would all use their influence in en deavoring to rescue the unfortunate victims of vice. He for one would do all he could in the matter. Might God bless and prosper the In stitution ; and he was sure every right- minded person would say to that— Amen. The rev. gentleman resumed his seat amidst loud ap plause. Mr. G. W. Cotton' briefly addressed the meeting, alluding to the remarks which had fallen from the Revs. J. Lyall and Canon Russell, and expressing his disappro bation of the remarks of Mr. RusselL It would be a degradation to them. If those houses were gathered in one spot, would it be right to compel poor people who could not afford to live with the respectable portion of the community to mix themselves with those cha racters ? He thought it would be a degradation. The resolution ws then put by the Chairman and declared carried. The Chairman then announced that the collection would be made ; also, that he had received an apology from the Very Rev. the Dean for his absence. The note enclosed a con tribution of £10 which the Dean had received from a gentleman. (Applause.) He also had apologies from the Rev. F. W. Cox aad Mr. C. B. 'Soung. The Rev. D. J. H. Ibbetson remarked that there was no mention in the report of the con tributions by his two churches towards the institution. Mr. Hawkes said the amounts had been re ceived last year and were acknowledged in the last year's report. Mr. Mobbat then, in a few complimentary terms, \noved the last resolution as under : — ' That the thanks of this meeting are tendered to the Committee for the past year, aud that the following gentlemen be appointed a Com mittee for the ensuing year : — The Lord Bishop of Adelaide, Revs. A. R. Russell, J. Gardner, C. H. Farr, D. J. H. Ibbetson, C. W. Evan, John Watsford. and J. Lyall ; Hons. Major O'Halloran and G. F. Angas ; Messrs. W. K. Thomas, R. '\V. Moore, H. Giles, James Smith, C. B. Young, Chas. H. Goode, N. Blyth, M.P., John Colton, W. S. Douglas, Win. Delano, and Vm. Kay ; Hon. Secretary and Treasurer, Mr. G. \Y. Hawkes.' Mr. J. M. Dowte seconded, and in doing so during the meeting, and remarked that it had been insinuated that the disreputable houses ought to be gathered in one place, but he thought they should put the evil down, and not make provision fo r it. The resolution having been put and carried — Mr. W. K. Thomas briefly proposed a vote of thanks to the Chairman which was seconded, and acknowledged by the Chairman, who in doing so, thanked the office-bearers of the church for having lent the place for the meeting. The Rev. J. Lyall then pronounced the Benediction, and the meeting closed a few minutes before 10 o'clock. The Chief Secretary left Adelaide early on Tuesday morning for the South- Eastern Dis trict. The lion, gentleman, who is accompanied by Mr. E. M. Young, Manager of the National Bank, will travel overland. A peculiar interest attached to the ser vices at Freeman-street Church on Sunday, April 7, inasmuch as that was the last day on which religious services will he held there. The S*ow Memorial Church, is now completed and ready for occupation, aud next Sunday worship will be conducted there. The occasion of closing a chapel, the oldest, we believe, in the city, lent more than ordinary significance to the offices 'of worship that day. The Rev. Mr. Evan, the pastor of the church, preached in the morning and evening. His discourse in the morning was based upon the words in the seventh chapter of the First Book of Samuel — ' Hitherto hath the Lord helped us.' His ser mon was deeply solemn and earnest, for after recounting the goodness which God had showed to them in the days that were past, he appealed in affecting terms to those who had sat long in that sanctuary without having closed with the Gospel terms. The rev. gentleman was deeply moved when exhorting his hearers thus. In the evening Mr. Evan chose for his text the words from the third chapter of Hebrews. — 'To-day if ye will hear his voicp, harden not your hearts.' Having spoken of the circumstances under which the Apostle Paul addressed those earnest words to the Hebrew Christians, he applied the impres sive language as being appropriate to those who were now hearing him. Tho heads of his dis course were — 1st, the voice to which attention is called : 2nd, the nature of the attention de manded ; 3rd, the period at which this atten tion is to be rendered ; and, 4th, the motive by which this attention is enforced. On the first head he said the voice of GcmI spoke to man in His material works ; in man's own moral con stitution ; in the operations of His providence and in His Word. The attention demanded he saiu wa& a. wuuiiK attemiou, lu-uay 11 ye wui hear.' Faith, too, was requisite: for unless they believed in the Gospel, alt their Christian privileges would be useless, and would profit them nothing. In speaking of the third and fourth heads of his discourse, he said, ' I can uot approach this subject without something of emotion. I feel that I am addressing you for the last time here, and I am reminded that soon I may be preaching my List sermon. To you whom I have addressed, perhaps, for a period now of more than 11 years, and who may have listened to the Gospel for a still longer time without receiving the truth or trusting in Christ, and confessing Him as your Saviour, I need hardly say that there is speci;il ear nestness in the urgent entreaty 'To-day if yi; will hoar his voice, harden not your hearts.' How long is this unbelief to con tinue? How long is this impenitence to prevail? Until the'day is ended and the night has come? Is not this a time for reflection, for repentance, for seeking the Saviour? To-day- for so long a time ! oh — to-day, if you will hear his voice, harden not your hearts. Trust in : the only mime by which sinners can be saved. You will leave thia sanctuary to-night having heard the Gospel in it for the last time, but if your im penitence remains, you will not have done with it. The Sabbaths you have spent hore, the sermons you have heard, the privileges you have enjoyed are on record, and God will re quire of you an account of your past. Why carry the past into the future ? Why risk the resurrection of wasted days, abused Sabbaths, and misspent privileges ? Why trust in the uncertain morrow ? This night the souls of many sinners will be required of them; but it the morrow should come to you, it will be marred and darkened by the sin of to-day. God says : — 'Come, let us reason to gether.' The Saviour says, 'Come unto me all ye that are weary and heavy laden,' The Holy Ghost says, ' To-day if ye will hear his voice, harden not your hearts.' The Gospel says, ' To-day, now is the accepted time, now is the day of sal ration.' Christians say, 'Come with us and we will do you good ;' but the tempter says, ' to- morow,' and the world says ' to-morrow,' and your sinful heart responds ' to- morrow ;' and thus eternity is pushed out of your thoughts. Were this not common, would it not be strange ? But that it is so common is stranger stilL LetT this be a time of awakening when tears of repentance shall flow, and your earnest prayers be heard, 'God be merciful to me a sinner.' The motive here given is very affecting — 'Harden not your heart.' It is a very easy process, this hardening of the heart. It needs not to plunge into vice, or to be profli gate in evil, but simply to turn a deaf ear to the voice of God. While pressing the solemn admonition of the text upon those who for a lengthened period have attended this sanc tuary, but have not yielded to the claims of the Saviour, I wouldremind my young friends present that the admonition conies to them with special directness and urgency. A voice is speaking to you to- night, and what is it saying? ' My son, my daughter, give me thy heart.' Wilt thou not say, ' My Father, wilt thou be the guide of my youth V 'I love them that love me, and them that seek me early shall find me.' These are gracious invitations ; beware of sending them away. Let your whole hearts be the Saviour's, and your lives be in obedience to His Gospel. Only in this way shall you hnve peace and happiness here and hereafter.' The rev. gentleman cur tailed his sermon in order that a prayer-meeting might be held as a fitting close to these solemn services. Nearly the whole of the congregation remained to the prayer-meeting, when Mr. Evan mended, and devotion was led by the Hon. w. P«acoek and Messrs, C. Sm«dley and tt. Good*. ' ' 