TOPICS OF THE DAY. The Governor will turn the first sod of the Port Wakefield Railway on May 1. The Payneham district ratepayers are still petititioning for and against the division of the district. A correspondent at Coonatto says, trader date April 17th, "Splendid tains bave fallen over the whole of this district, and it is still threatening." The returns of immigration,-and emigra tion at Port Adelaide for the week ending Saturday, April 13, shows 65 passengers inwards and 02 outwards. The average daily return of destitute poor and sick supported by the Government for the month of March is 577 males and 512 females; total, 1,119. The April number of the South Austra lian Temperance Herald has been duly received. It is an excellent number, and contains an unusual quantity of information. A special general meeting of the Sixth Creek Mining Company was held on Thursday morning, when, after considerable discussion, it was resolved to make a call of 2e. per share. By the last mail the Secretary of State for the Colonies has transmitted a. warrant under the Royal Sign Manual, under which the decoration of the Victoria Cross may be bestowed upon colonial volunteers. The sittings of the Local Court of Ade laide. Full Jurisdiction, were continued on Thnra day, when five more cases were tried. Of the remainder one was referred to the Special Magistrate, one was discontinued, and id one judgment was given by consent. The Court sst till half-past 7 o'clock in the evening. The following is the quarterly return of the number of live stock imported into and exported fiom the province of South Australia (overland), during the quarter ended 31st March, 1867 :—lmported from New South Wales, 12,000 sheep.6oo cattle, 200 horses; Victoria., X,700, sheep, 400 cattle, 199 horses ; total imported, I 20,700 sheep, 1,000 cattle, 339 horses. Ex ported to Victoria, 29,315 sheep, 70 horses; total exported, 29,315 sheep, 70 horses. Ex cess of imports, L.OOO cattle, 289 horses; excess of exports, 8,615 sheep. Mr. Baker, bootmaker, of Hindley-street, died very suddenly early on Thursday morning. He had been invited to the dinner to Sergeant Fraser, at the Black 8011, on Wednesday even ing, but declined the invitation, saying he did not feel welL He went home to bis residence between 8 and 9 o'clock in the evening and appeared very cheerful, in fact, snore cheerful thanusuaL At an early hour he retired to bed, and at about 2 o'clock in the morning of Thurs day his family were first acquainted with his illness, and at half-past 2 the poor fellow was dead. The Coroner made enquiries and did not consider an inquest necessary, and gave a certifi cate that death was caused by disease of the heart. The Primitive Methodist Bazaar at White's Booms was continued on Thursday. The weather being finer there was a. larger attendance, and the sales were accordingly Ura<& bnabor than on the first day. In the evening Chapman's Band again played various selections of music, and an exhibition of astro nomical and other views through the magic lantern took place in die Masonic HaU. There still remain a very large number of articles— really good and useful articles—and as the bazaai will remain open to-day, we hope a con siderable clearance of the goods will tLen be made. A complimentary dinner was given to the members for Yatala, Messrs. Glyde and Cavenagh, ?LP.'s,, by the Smithfield Fanners' Club at Smithfield, on Wednesday evening. About 30 persons partook of dinner. The chair was occupied by Mr. G. Sconler, and the Vice- Chair by Mr. BL Patterson. Besides the guests Hogarth, M.L.C., and T. Reynolds, M.P., 3. Martin, M.P., and Mr. 3. H. Clark. Apologies were read from the Hons. H. Ayers aa-i 3. EL Barrow. The toast of the evening was proposed byMr. Talbot received wifti much eatim fflasm, and the proceedings of a pleasant evening dosed shortly after midnight. The Gazette notifies that Her Majesty has been pleased to empower H. Gniseppe Biflgi to act as TfaJ««n Consul-General at Mel bourne, with jurisdiction in Victoria, South Australia, Tasmania. and. New Zealand. Ap pointments.—Charles Leon De Laine and Wm. Watson Spinks, of the Detective Police, to be Constables; Second Class Constable Jas. Gib bison, of the Metropolitan Police, to be De tective Constable, rux De Laine, transferred to Metropolitan Ponce, April 15. Metropolitan Police.—To be Constables—John Smith and Robert McLoughlin, April 10; and Nathaniel Brooks, April 12. To be Special Constable Joseph Waters, April 12. Mr. Wm. A'court to be a Bailiff of the Local Court at Morphett Vale, vice Pearce, removed. On Thursday evening there was a very good attendance at the Theatre. The piece pro duced was Tom Taylor's three-act play of " The Minister of France, or Plot and Passion,' 7 in which (he principal characters were sustained by Mrs. Jackson and Messrs. O'Brien, Andrews, Musgrave, and Morrison. The piece passed off with considerable 6Dccess, and the entertain ment concluded with a laughable ballet "Had as a March Hare," arranged by Mr. RloaiiL, and in whichjseveral pretty dances were executed by Misses Earl atid Woods sod Mr. Edonia. To night the Theatre will not be open, and on Saturday evening " Richdieu" wSI be pro duced, followed by a comic ballet " The Ghost of the Village." On Thursday evening, April 18, Hiss Aitken gave an entertainment of select read' ings to the inmates of the Lunatic Asylum. The proceedings commenced at half-past 7, in a long room of the establishment, prepared for the occasion by the arrangement of seats and an extempore platform of ample dimensions. The room was filled, about 120 inmate*, or about half the whole number, being present. The i audience was throughout decorous and atten tive in the extreme, the main difference between them and an ordinary gathering being that the former were more quiet. Miss Aitken has j appeared before the Adelaide public long enough j to render any detailed description of her read ings superfluous; but none of her audiences derived more pleasure from her elocutionary performances than did the one of last night. The selection of pieces was very happy. Hibernians were in raptures with "Shamus O'Brien," while " Young Lochinvar" delighted the Scotch, who were in ecstacies also with that comic production, "The Wounerfu' Wean,'' given in response to an encore Mrs. Caudle's Curtain Lecture upon the occasion of her husband's party to the Prettyinan's was a great success, and elicited immense laughter. Mr. Pounsefct presided at the piano, and some gentlemen amateurs assisted with some excel lent sougs, the company singing the " Hunts man's Chorus;" Mr. F. Mortimer, "Mary of Argyle;" Mr. C. P. Boscorla and company, Just before the Battle, Mother;" Mr. W. S Dyer, "Tell me, Mary, how woo thee ;" Mr. L. Jagoe, "The Friar;" Mr. Mortimer, "Bird of the Wilderness;" and Messrs. Mortimer and Jagoe, ''The Army and Navy." Mr. A. J. Diamond performed a solo on the coDcenina with great taste and execution. The entertain | raent, of which the only fault was its brevity was then brought to a close with the National Anthem. At the conclusion of the proceedings a number of the female inmates came on the platform and shook hards with Miss Aitken, thanking her warmly for the plea-sure she had afforded them. It is to be hoped that this will be but the beginning of a regular succession of entertainments of a similar character, that would do much to relieve the unavoidable monotony of the lives of the poor inmates of the Asjlum. The conduct of Miss Aitken's audience was so calm and rational that a stranger entering the room would not have imagined himself among the insane. As it was there were some amusing misapprehensions, visitors being mistaken for lunatiCK, and a great deal of sentiment thrown away or misapplied. There was one harmless and amusing ebullition at the close of the enter tainment. A Scotch woman, amid much laughter, asserting that the whole thing was a scheme to make money. This, however, might in some colonists find its parallel in parliamen tary or municipal " imputation of motives.'' 