CURIOUS WILLS. Some who, in life, would not have given a cup of water to a beggar, by their wills leave enormous sums to charities to segure for themselves a sort of posthumous admiration. Others allow not their resentments to sleep with them in the grave, but leave behind them wills that escite the bitterest feelings and animosities among the surviving relatives. Some wills are remarkable for their conciseness and perspicuity; others for their unprecedented shapes and curious contents. One man provides for a college, another for a cat; one gives a legacy to provide bread and herrings for the poor in Lent, and gloves to the minister; while others provide for bull baiting, tbe welfare of maid servants, and the promotion of matrimony. John Hodge has kept his name out of oblivion by giving twenty shillings a year to a poor man to go about the parish church of Trysail during sermon-time to keep people awake and dogs out of church. Henry Green, of Melbourne, Derbyshire, gave his property for providing green waistcoats for four poor women every year, such waistcoats to be lined with green galloon lace. In the same neighborhood, and inspired by a similar feeling, Thomas Gray provided grey waistcoats and grey coats. John Nicholson, stationer, London, was so attached to his family name, that the bulk of his property was given in charity for the support and maintenance of such poor persons in England as should appear to be ol the name of Nicholson. David Martinet,t, of Calcutta, while giving directions to his executor, says: "As for this fulsome carcass, having already seen enough of worldly pomp, 1 desire nothing relative to it to be done only its being stowed away in my old green chest to save expenses." He then bequeathed to one man all the debts lie owed, and to another his sincerity. A Lancashire gentleman, in tbe last century, having given his body to the worms of the family vault, bequeathed an ounce of modesty to the authors of the London Journal and Free Briton, giving as his reasons for the smallness of the legacy, that he was j" convinced that an ounce will be found mnm than they'll ever make use of." Another testator, after having stated at great length in his will the number of obligations he was under, bequeathed to his benefactor ten thousand—here the leaf turned over, and the legatee, turning to the other side, found the legacy was tea thousand thanks. A testator, who evidently intended to thwart his relations and be a benefactor to the lawyers, gave to certain persons "as many acres of land as shall be found equal to the area inclosed by the centre of oscillation of the earth in a revolution round the sun, supposing the mean distance of the sun twentyone thousand six hundred semi-diameters of the earth from it." Sir Joseph .Jekyll left his fortune to pay the National Debt. When Lord Mansfield heard of this he said: "Sir Joseph was a very good man and a good lawyer, but his request was a very foolish one, he might as well have attempted to stop the middle arch of Blackfriurs bridge with his full-bottomed wig !" An uncle left in his will eleven silver spoons to his nephew, adding " If I have not lotY tlia ^nvavi lift 4, m. fact was, the nephew had some little time before stolen the tweltb spoon from the relative. Lord Pembroke gave "nothing to Lord Say, which legacy I give him because I know he will bestow it on the poor; and then, after giving equally peculiar legacies, when he finished with this "Item I g-ive un the 1 ghost." Dean Swift's character is exemplified in his will. Among other things he bequeathed to Mr. John Grattan, of Clommethan, a silver box, "in which I desire the said John to keep the tobacco he usually cheweth called pitrtail." 1 b The celebrated Sarah, Duchess of Marlborough, left Pitt £10,000 for the "noble defence he had wade for the support of the laws of England, and to prevent the ruin of his country." A similar bequest was not long since made to Mr. Disraeli. Others wrote their wills in verse, and, as a specimen, we will give that of William Jacket, of the parish of Islington, which was proved in 1787, when no witnesses were required to a will of personal estate :•— I give and bequeath, When I'm laid underneath, To my two loving sisters so dear The whole of my store, Which God's goodness has granted mc here. And that none may prevent, This my will and intent, Or occasion the least of law racket, With a solemn appeal, I confirm, sign, and seal, This the act and deed of Will Jacket. Lord Clarendon had nothing to leave his daughter but his executor's kindness; and Lord Kelson left neither a will of real o personal estate behind him, although he bequeathed his adopted daughter to the beneficence of his country. * Bacon left a will appointing six executors, but no properly except his name and memory, which he bequeathed to "men's charitable speeches, to foreign nations, and the nest age.'' Milton's will wqs nuncupative—that is, by word of mouth, he being blind at the time lie made it. Shakespeare's was made in regular form ; so was Byron's. _ Chatterton's will was a strange one, consisting of a mixture of levity, bitter satire, and actual despair announcing a purpose of self- destruction. Some wills contain a sort of autobiography of the testator, as well as his thoughts and opinions. Such was the will of Napoleon, which gave a handsome legacy to Cbantillon,- " who had as much right to assassinate that oligarchist, the Duke of Wellington, as tbe latter had to send me to perish on the rock at St Helena." Such also was Sir William Petty's, which states with a certain amount of selfpride ihat at the full age of fifteen, I had obtained the Latin, French, and .Greek tongues," and at twenty years of age "had gotten up threescore pounds with as much mathematics as any of my age were known to have. . can you tell me in what building people are most fiketo take cold ?" "Why, no; me strange in de town, and can't tell dat." "Well, Iwffltellyou—it isde bank." How is dat - " Because dere are so many drafts,in it*' "Dat is good; but can you tell ni_e, sabj what make dere be so many drafts in it?" "No." "Because so many godere to raise th'e wind. Yab, yah, yah." a 