HOW I WON POLLY AND A POSTMASTER ' SHIP. . : ? ' ? . [FROM BELGRAVIA.1 I was tho second sub-clerk at the Cowford Office ' 'When the postinastrir, Mr Dwerrymnn, was compelled 1 to resign rather suddenly through ill health. Asa con ' sequonce tho first sub-clerk, Chaundy, and I had t,o do the chief's work between us until afresh ai-point- ment was made. It was thought in the office that ; Chaundy was likely to get, not the , Cowford Office, but that of Moilixigam, tho postmaster of which would pvohably be transferred to Cowford. Ho was me iiKeiiess uuuiuuuxu 101 our vuciiucv, inougn ' Chaundy had been recommended for it by Dwerry man, who was a man much thought of at head quartors. It was supposed that Chaundy was sure to get some sort of promotion; and I think it puffed him up a little, for lie seemed to give himself the ' airs of a superior,' and certainly made me do the lion's share of. tho work. I didn't care. 1 was ' poor and n sub-clork, and I never expected to bo anything else. Indeed, I 'scarcely desired to be anything else. And why? Becauso I was in love. ? That is a thing to make most men ambitious ; but it only made me, if not contented, at all events sub ' missive under poverty. I had fallen in love with ? the heire3s of one of the richest landowners in the i , county; and I knev no possible position within my limited sphere' would or could ever qualify me to become a suitor far her hand. Dreams ef ambition . ' therefore did nof. trouble mo. Had the office of ] postmaster-general or secretary been vacant, and made the prize of a severe competitive examination, I would have, givon the best years of my life, poor scholar as I was, to study for the contest, in order '. to try and win a position that would make me worthy of hor. Failing, I should have come back ' without a murmur to my high stool, with a bold faco and a broken heart. She was a lovely girl— such a merry bright glimpso of sunshino 1 We first becanv,1 acquainted — if I may so term her condes cending ever after to bow to me — on one St. Valen tine's-day, when I stamped some twenty' valentines for hor. When she was gone I looked them evei' — . not without a pang of jealousy, which was allayed when I found they were either to schoolfellows or ,-? old gentlemen — her godfather, her unclos, and that sort of thing. A more innocent batch of valentines never swelled her Majesty's revenue. How a man like her father could ever have had so charming a daughter, I can't understand. Mr Darke was a harsh proud man, stern on the bench, and heart less at the board. Ho was severity- itself with all tramp3 and beggars, and ho preserved his game [ with the utmost strictness. Thero was a fierce hatred and a feud of long standing between him and the poaehers, who were tolerably plentiful. He was not tho sort of man I was at all disposed to ask fer leavo to pay my addresses to his daughter. So I bowed to fato ; ehorishod Mary's image in my heart of hearts ; and used to comfort myself in the ', intarvals of business by reciting mentally Shelley's j lines about ? 'Tho lovo of the msthfor the star.' ., Besides this I had but one delight, — that of collect ing foreign stamps for her. She happened one day to ask for one that was lying on the office \ ledge ; and I kept a watch for them ever after wards How grateful I was to the mania I had once . scorned and despised ! This hnmbla passion of ] mine had existed nearly two years under these not ' highly favorable circumstances, and, what is more. ' instead of diminishing it was increasing. Meantimo Ohaunsly and I went on as two sub-clerks rolled '? into one postmaster, and no appointment was an '' nounced. 1 Early in Docombef there was always a great ball ' at Cowford, whereat all classes met, and were sup-' -, posed to fraternise. It was the event of tho season '?' ? m tho county, Mr Darko was one of the patrons, and occasionally honored the hall with his presence ' and that of ' his lovely and accomplished daughter,' 1 as tho local journal gushingly styled her. This year ; he had not announced his intention of going, and it was generally supposed therefore that he would ? not be present. He had just made a fierco raid on ' the poachers ; and was reported to head his watchers nightly in person, b^ing determined to put down the 1 gang, two of the ringleaders of which had just been sentenced to long imprisonments through his instru ' mentality. One afternoon, about three days before the ball, I ' was looking oiit of the window. My desk was just ? ' at the junction of tho office, in which letters were received, orders issued, and transactions with the public generally conducted, -with, tho inner room in which, tho sorting was done, and the internal affairs of the office were arranged. These two rooms ' farmed two sides of the small court or vestibule, Tvhich was open to tho public ; and the window ' where I sat was just in tho anglo, lighting tho inner office, so that, by looking over the ground glass with w!:ich tho windbw was glazed half-way up, I could sou in profile all applicants at tho outer office. The other clerks were at tea — a meal I did not care for; and I hud, just as an occupation, cleared the ' box and sorted tho letters, and then returned to my desk. As I mounted the stool I saw one of Mr : Darke'a servants post a letter. He was only a Btable-holp, and had but lately entered Mr Dorke's service; yet I knew kirn, for it was a silly fancy of mine to watch all Mary's surroundings with minute '. care, and pieturo to myself where I should have made alterations and improvements, supposing I had been rich enough to mnko her mine. I noticed that tho follow peered round, as if anxious to see if he were observed. Not noticing jny face at tho window, owing to the deepening twjlight, ho seemed reassured and slipt a letter into the box. There was something so odd about this that I at once' went to the box and took it ©ut : perhaps I half expected, it was from Mary.- It was in a wretchod scrawl, probably the fellow's own, and was addressed ' J.' M., Post-office. Cowford (To be called for).' I hurried to a window which gave a view of the street, and just caught sight of the man climbing into a cart which was standing outside the poulterer's, a few doors off. I, knew it to be the gamokeeper's cart, in which game was. brought into the town for sale. As I watched, I saw the keeper come out of the shop, mount the. cart, and drive off. The help had evidently taken advantage of his ab sence to steal off and post his missive. I don't know why I took any further notice of the letter. Having ascertained it was his, I ought to have dis missed all thought of it.' But somehow I did not. I watched anxiously to see who would claim it. The claimant appeared next day ; a couple of rough-looldng fellows— railway laborers to all ap pearance — came in; and one of them asked for a letter for ' J. M.' Having obtained it, they drew aside into a corner and opened it ; and ? the corner happoned to be the one where my window was. With the utmost precaution against making any noise to alarm them, I raised' the sash about an inch and listened. The first words I caught were, ' will go to the bjall, and ho won't return till latish.' ' That's the time for me. That's the time, as he's comin' back agin,' remarked the listener in a hoarse whisper. 'There'll be none with him but -young miss, for there's no one stopping there, Willis ' — that was the coachman's name, I knew) — '} will drive the chessuts. This is all I know ; I shall post ? it when I'm in town with tlie keeper, and shan't be in again till next -week.' 'That'll do,' said the man,' wken: lie had finished reading; 'we'll finish off th' ball for'n wi' a dance lie won't loike !' 'Yes, durn Hn !' said the other ; and with that the two moved off. . This discovery of mine settled a doubt that had been perplexing me. I had been undecided whether to go to the ball or not. The expense, and a feeling that I could not hope to do more than see Mary, without speaking to her, had deterred me. . Now I felt I might go and warn her father of his danger ; and by so doing perhaps not. only do a service to the woman I loved, but perhaps be rewarded by ex changing a few words with her; by hearing her thanks; by— but I dared not dream of such happi ness as dancing with her. ? So I purchased a ticket; arid when the momen tous time arrived' went to the ball with a beating, heart, and a terrible sensation of choking in my ' throat.'-' I took my ? station near the entrance until Mr Darke arrived. Before long his carriage drove up, and he and Mary alighted. As he turned to toll the coachman at what hour to fetch him, I saw a man push forward through the crowd, as if to hear what time named, and then disappear. It was the man who had claimed the letter ad dresed ' J.M.' This gave fresh strength to my resolution — :whieh was needed, for I had begun to think I was dream ing, or had been mistaken, or exaggerated the case. Such a feeling was not unnatural under the circum stances ; hut the sight of the poacher — for I had no doubt he was one, and that was why he wished to revenge himself on Mr Darke- — had the effect of confirming all my previous convictions. ? It was not without soino nervousness that I asked Mr Darke to step into one of the windows, and give me a few minutes conversation. ? He looked a little surprised, but stifly consented ; and when we had found a retired seat in one of the bow- windows, I told him about the letter, and my conjecture that the stable-help had either entered his service to aid the poachers in their scheme of revenge, or had been bribed by them to give them information. At first he proposed to take a couple of policemen in his carriage, and try to capture the. ruffians.: but I pointed out that he would alarm his daughter — per- haps expose her to- danger, supposing the poachers ?had fire-arms. ' Quite right, Thank you 1 I had forgotten that, and more — that if she once fancies ?I am iir danger, Bhe will be frightened to death whenever I am away from home. ? What do you propose ?' ' Can you return home by any other . other route?' 'Yes, by two others, involving a circuit of a couple or miles or so.' . 'Then go by one of those! Miss Darke will be too tired to ob serve it; besides, it will not benight enough.' 'But I should like to catch the scoundrels.' 'I can identify them both, and will go to tho railway and make enquiries and look about' mo to-morrow. You can have them taken into custody ; and prob ably after a dayor two in the loek-up they will make a clean breast of it, and givo up the names of the others.' 'Yes, perhaps best ao,' said Mr Darke after some minutes' reflection. ' But how can I thank yott for this?' I declined any special thanks, alleging I was only doing my duty ; but the squire was very warm and pressing in his gratitude, inquired what I was, where I came from, and how I was employed. On learning that I had no friends or relatives in the town, he insisted on my coming to dine with him on Christmas-day. ' And I hope we shall be able to drink confusion to these rascals,' he said in conclusion. I suppose was in a particularly good temper this evening ; for he introduced me to his daughter as a friend who had rendered him a most important service. He little suspected that she knew who I was, and was terribly puzzled' to think how a 'post; office clerk could have laid her father under such an obligation. I mustered courage to ask her dance with me, and she consented. But why try to de scribe the unexpected happiness of tho evening? I can only say, when I had handed her into tho carriage and watched it drive off, I walked home as if I had come into a new life and a brighter world. Though I did not get home till between ' two and three, I was at the office again by six to receive the mails from the district. I was tired ; but I deter- mined that no one — especially Chaundy — should be able to accuse me of neglecting work. One of the earliest carts to arrive was that of the Fentleby district. The driver came in looking like a ghost, and stammered out that an attempt had been made to rob him, and that he had been fired at. Chaundy not being in the office, I examined the man, and took down his answers in writing. On inquiry, I found that his route had brought him past Grass- lands, Mr Darke's house, and that he had been fired at between there and Cowford, at a very ugly part of the road, where it ran beside a canal, on an em- bankment. The more I questioned him, the more mysterious the affair appeared. He had seen no one, and there was not a bush or a stone to hide a man just where he was fired at ; but as he was jogging along — not noticing much, he said, but probably half asleep in reality — he saw a flash and heard the report of a pistol. Fortunately, the old horse was steady and know the road ; so he only sprang for- ward at a quickened pace. Had the animal shied or swerved, the driver might have been upset into the canal or hurled over the . bank into the fields below —quite, a sufficient height to have led to some serious fractures, if not a broken neck. I told our man to go home and keep the affair quiet; went to:, Chaundy, and handed over the report of the occurrence to him, and told him I would take the cart and go and inspect the scene of the attempted robbery ; for such, as Chaundy agreed with me, appeared to be the real solution of the matter. I took a pair of large horse-pistols, which were kept in the chief's room as a sort of demonstration of our defensive force, loaded them, borrowed a greatcoat of one of the men, and drove off to the scene of the adventure. It was a. keen, cold, but still morning. As I was whirled through the fresh air, all tho cobwebs spun in the late hoiirs at the ball were blown out of my brain, and t -felt invigorated both physically and mentally. Much of the bewilderment into which the driver's story had thrown mo melted, as the morning mists were doing; and by the time I reached the spot I had a, pretty clear view of the case. The poachers had waited and waited for Mr Darke's return, in ignorance of his having taken another road, and supposing the ball to have been up, as had sometimes occurred, until a very late or rather early hour. About the time when tho mail cart passed, they had, however, come to abandou all expectation of falling in with Mr Darke ; and either the. sight of the' mail-bags had excited their cupidity, or — as seemed more likely, no pur suit having been made— they fired the shot as a joke to alarm the postman. ? When I reached the exact 'spot, I dismounted, and carefully examined ihe ground. The dew was still on the grass; but there was not a footprint to be seen on it. I went over e^ery inch of the bank and the border of tho fields below, with as much minuteness as a well-trained pointer; then I ex amined the bank of the canal, and, crossing by a lock a little way below, went over the farther bank with equal care. There only remained the road to examine., No vehicle had passed over it since the previous night except the mail-cart, the tracks of whose wheels were freshly marked. As I fol lowed them with my eye, I noticed a little spot of ground slightly blackened, and caught a glimpse of bright metal. I hastened to the place, and found a strange-looking object, made apparently. with two pieces of tin or zinc which bore the traces of a recent explosion. This, then, was some clue to the mystery. '. I walked along the road, scrutinising it carefully, and about twenty yards farther found another of these 'infernal machines,' not exploded. Far ther on, I came on the track of a child, which had crossed the road from the canal-bridge to the fields. I could see that the child had stopped in one place; for the footprints were repeated, one over the other, and there were the inarks of a hand in the dust, where little fingers had sex-aped it in the act of picking something up. I looked across tho fields and saw a small lad ''keeping birds.' He was the only one astir, so I hailed him if he had found anything like what I. held in my hand, and ho at oneo produced one from his pocket, saying he found it in the road., ! I gave him sixpence, which was of more value to. him— and' safer, even supposing he laid it all put in sweets— than the ex plosive article I took from him. Then I mounted the cart again and drove on to wards Grasslands, but did not. see anything more. In order to test whether tlio things I had found would sound like a pistol, I selected a safe and quiet Mt of the road, laid one down, and drove over it. It exploded with a flash and sound very like a pistol. Being prepared for it, I saw whence the flash came ; but the dozing driver was hardly likely to observe so much as that. As I was driving on, I was surprised by a sudden appearance of Mr Darke's keeper. ' Hold hard 1' he cried, stop ping the horse. 'Was that you shooting ? That's the second this morning. What have you got in tho trap ?' I did not choose to explain matters to him ; and he clearly suspected me of poaching, and vowed ho'd take me before his master. To this I had no objection ; so he jumped into the cart, and we turned round.. To make a long story short, Mr Darke was roused, and came down, to find me vir tually in . custody. A few words explained how it was. The keeper was sent away— -not without praise, though, for his vigilance — and then I related my discovery to Mr Drake. He at once recognised in my ' infernal machines' the fog-signals in use on railways. Ho insisted on my coming in and taking breakfast before I prosecuted the search farther and I readilly consented. Mary came down in a charming morning wrapper, Fand presided, and — tho danger being over — was told all about it. I was de termined that the mail-cart — which was an unusual conveyance, and might attract attention— should be put np at Grasslands, and that I should goon to the nearest raihoadin Mr Darke's dog cart. Onreach ing tho station, I found from the station-master that there was a most unpardonable carelessness about the fog-signals; they were not served out to particular men, but kept in a box accessible to anyone about the station. . The plate-layers,' he told me, were the men. who used them oftenest; and I found that a party of them were laving fresh rails about a milo off. I drove to the nearest point to the place he named, and made my way across country to the gang on the lino. I recognised my two friends of . the post-office among them ; and a mode of procedure at once suggested itself to mo. It was not strictly legal, perhaps, but it annwered my pur pose. I went to the ganger, or foreman, and told him I wanted two of his men on a charge of mur der. He did not seem inclined to assist me, and told mo I must help myself. Luckily I had. tho pistols with me. I went up to the two men, told them I was a police-officer, and that , I had come to take them up, on a cbargo of murdering Mr Darke. They seemed a, littlo taken aback, but denied the charge stoutly. 'You laid fog-signals on the road last night to frighten his horses, and they upset him into the canal,'and he's drowned,' said I ; ' so it's murder, my lads. Come along!' Thero seemed some inclination to'resist the capture, so I took out tho pistols. ' look here,' said I ; 'if I can't toko tho two I want, lads, I shall shoot tho first two that come, to hand ; and they'll bo the first that in terfere. You'd best keep quiet, all of you ; for there's a warrant out against you all for poaching,' — I saw most of them look uncomfortable at this — ' and if I give, you a ,bad word, it will go hard with you.' This had its effect, coupled with tho appearance of the pistols ; and I got my men off and marched them in front of me te the road, where I made them get into tho dog-cart. The groom drove, and I sat behind with tho pistols cocked ;* and in this form, we wont back to Grass lands.. I sent tho. portor ori from tho lodgo, where I made an'exouso ^for ''a'minuto ror* sb's dolay ; 'and' by the time we reached tho hall, in accordance with the instructions I had given him all the blinds were drawn down, and Mr Darke kept out of sight. The clergyman, who was a magistrate, was sent for ; and we examined' tho prisoners, who broke down completely and confessed all, giving up their ; accomplices. They had intended to frighten the horses, as I ; had supposed, without thinking much about the probable consequences,— except with the vague notion that they would not be guilty of murder, even if the worst happened.- Tho stable-help turned out to be the son of one them. When we had terrified them sufficiently, we called in the real constables, who had been sent for, and they were given into their custody — Mr Darke walk ing in presently, much to their alarm — surprise- but ultimately satisfaction. I have not much more to tell. On my return to the office, I fsund Chaundy had sent off a graphic repert to head-quarters, full of blunders, exaggera tions, and misstatements — being founded, in fact, solely on what the driver had said. I therefore did not utter a syllable about my doings, but quietly sent off a report of my own, enclosing a document which I had got from Mr Darke to draw up, as a magistrate, to confirm ray account. The authorities placed themselves in communication with Mr Darko; and the result was that in a week tho appointment of a new postmaster to Cowford was made ; and the now postmaster was not Chaundy : it was I ! I went over to -thank Mr Darke for his part in the matter. : He was out : so I thanked Mary. She congratulated me on my promotion, and said she supposed I should marry now. I said no. Sho inquired why. I at once explained, and made a con fession of my audacious love. She — well, she gavo me a good reason why T should marry, and further more told me whom I was- to marry— Miss Mary Darke to wit, and no other. Mr Darke came in soon after, and I told him all. He was furions at first ; but Mary remonstrated with him for his ingratitude, and pointed out that she should be twenty-one in three months, when sht should assert her right to become postmistress o! Cowford. The squire relented, and we triumphed We were married soon after Christmas-day, anj have lived as happily as the prince and princess ol a fairy-tale ever since. ' That's how I won Polly— I always caliber Pollj now, because our eldest girl is called Mary ; and she is three years ? old, and therefore must fa I treated with respect ; and it wouldn't do to ' hav( two Marys in the house. That, I repeat, is hon I won Polly and the postmastership — which lattci I didn't keep ; for the squire makes us a handsomt allowance; and. I am reading for the Bar. I got my father-in-law to use his influence for Chaundyl who ultimately was appointed postmaster, with |j hint riot to be too clever in future. , 1 