Parliamentary Privilege. M'Cann v. Syme, A ' Spectator' sends the ' Argn? ' a description of the proceedings in the Legislative Assembly of Victoria, on Thursday evening last, when Mr Syme, of the ' Leader,' appeared at the bar of the Ho'ise to answer for a so-called libel published in that journal. ' A third time (says Spectator) have I seen the Legislative Assembly of this colony in one of those suprome moments ol its existence when it is engaged in the task of maintaining its privileges against the attacks of the Press; und I have arrived at the con viction that nevor does our ambitious little Houso of Commons exhibit itself so utterly devoid of dignity as when it is avowedly assorting it. There must be somo fatality about the thing. It does not matter how tbe difficulty arises, or which sido brings the wounded honor under tho sympathising notico of tbe Speakor, tho result is the same. The conclusion reached is a most lame and impotent one ; and ore it is attained more fractious words are spoken, more members are called to order, more unseemly rows ocour than on any other occaiion. Mr Bumble over thrown by a small boy in a churchyard presented not a more pitiable spectacle than does our Assembly when it fancies itself aggravated t y the Press, and is bent on reparation Member after member betakes himself to the use of strong language, by way of teaching the wicked writers in tbe kindest motives. Honorablo gentlemen may be oxhimting themselves, iu a Spartan helotish fashion, as frightful examples, whose mode of procedure is to bo carefully avoided by all who witness it. If this bo their object, they are toleiably successful ; last night two or three of them made decided hits. '? The simple question of snubbiBg or incarcerating the publisher mf nn offending paper was this timo a good deal interfered with by ulterior considerations and internal complications. The offender had a majority, instead of a minority, «f :ho House on his side, politically speaking; and moreover, a demon strative member of tho House itself — one of tho community of saints who, if anyone: ought to be a model ot gentleness, courtesy, and magnanimity — would insiBt upon riping and declaring that the Bcrgeaant-at arms had laid' hold of the wrong martyr, , and that bo, the said member, was the absoluto writer of the article, It was an awful fact. Heie was M-Caun, who had ever gone to the longth of declar ing himself a journalist, and who showed bis parts of speech by protesting more, than onco that he was ' in the 'ands of tho 'ouse,' here he was, with his chargo against the obnoxious print duly made and subscribed, and tho publisher of the paper expressing his readiness to tako all the responsibility, and now a momber had actually the tomerity and the bad taste to dcclaro that he wrote the articlo in question I What was to bo done?' The prescribed publisher had read his statement, after the usual number of interruptions and withdrawals, discussions, shindies, and reappear ances, and the House had had the benofit of Mr M'Kean'g legal advicc. That illustrious luminary hud explained gratuitously what was the procodore of _ the law courts in such cases and what, therefore, a fortiori, should be the practico of the highest Couit — that in which he was one of tho Jadges. Ho feared they would havo to commence everything ' de novo,' This speech, which was ono of the striking features of Jtho ovening, could be but imperfectly heard in coriso quencc of a fit of cougbiug which seized C._E Jones, John Edwards the Younger, and other putriots in tho Opposition corner — a nasty, vexatious fit, which ter minate whenever the Collingwood Coke ceased speaking, and became as violeut as ever when ho re sumed; but still, spite of this drawback, the speech was delivered, and tho law olearly laid down. Every thing, Mr M'lCean excepted — unless to interfere with that perfection — was to be commenced 'de novo. Distressing, that aftor this had beon proclaimed, the member for South Bourke should complicate matters by avowing his authorship. He, and not tho party at the bar, was tbe culprit. 'Fiaud,' ' plunder,' and the rest of tho pretty words about which M'Cann complained, were his, not the publisher's. What a dreadful fix for an hon. Legislative Assombly bent on conserving a borrowed suit of privileges a thou sand timos too largo for it 1 And not tho least amusing part of the 'fix' was the plight in which tho Chief Secretary and the [ Attornoy-Gonoral found themselves, with their denunciations of Georgo rising up out of (he tomb j of Hatisurd like troubled ghosts, against them, and a friend instead of a foe in tbo custody of tho sergenn1' at-arms For some timo they assumed the response bility of their position, and stood to tho unlucky colors by whioh tliey had onco sworn. They looked tiucomfortable, very, and spoke with restraint, but tliey stuck to their position. The Nomosis had oiiiie, evidently, and ivas fo bo met manfully. So long as only tho publisher was concerned thoy never flinched; 'privilege' waB to be maintained at all costs; but when it came to tho writer thoy could bear it no longer, and fairly bolted ' privilege and all. On the whola, I think suoh an exciting ovening has not beon spent within these imposing walls for somo months — galleries crowded, prisoner at the bur trotted backwards and forwards to be M'Canned or M'Lellaned, Jonesed or Edwardsod, as tbo case might be, intervals between his appearances boing taken advantage of by hon tnombers to indulge in privato and select libels on their own account, afcd to be culled to Older by a righteously indignant Speaker; never a debate in any right sonso of tbe world, hut a sort of verbal Donnybrook Fair, whero everybody's head came in for a whack occasionally, and ordered and confusion alternntcd confusion having generally tho bost of it. Two of the members . for Collingwood, viz., Messrs, Embling nud Edwards, took prJtninont parts in the night's entertainment— ono of them play ing the mild medico, and the nthor tho demonstrative polics-couvt practitioner, with great success. Tho former delivered an essay on gentlemanly honour, a subject upon which ho seemed to havo been recently leading up, and proceeded to illustrate it by disclos iug some little matter which ho hid ferretted out br laboriouly perusing the inverted writing ho had discovered on tho Parliamentary Library blotting papor Mr Vale denounced this pieo! of amateur detective work as wanting in common decency, and wa-, of course, at once called to order vig. rou-ly In fact, he hid to withdraw the offensive obsurva iOn ; bnt as every one had to withdraw noiirly as much as ho uttered, that did not matter much. Longmoro, and Jones, and M'Lcllan 'spoke and withdrew, and wiilu'rjw and spMta and nobody—not even the re , otjic — appeared to caio much about it. E wards. however, was the persistont hero of the night. Ho had buckled oil his armour for the fray, and seemed to conceive that tho eyes of Fitzroy were upon him. His object was not quite clear, blithe was apparently implacablo. A slaughtered pressman or two at tho bar might, perhaps, bavo appeased him As it was, after a blustering display worthy of B -badil, ho only bagged a feeble rogret from' the publisher. ' For the truth is a «ad one, Tho House, after it had caught its hare, daro not put its brains in a basin, llow often has it sighed that it had to be contcut with publishers when it vehemently desired to have nn opportunity of punishing writers of libellous arti cles. At least the gods aro propitious. It has its libol — or, at least, it says it has, whioh is the same thing in ' Privilege'— and lo I the writer stands avowed in its own ranks — a member, a veritable member. Now, for scarification. Strangers tremble fearing that an ovil hour has arrived for South Bourko, and Mr Embling looks as tin ugh 'lis thought the victim, after running the gauntlet of the House, would be handed over to his tender mercies, and so effectually disposed of. But there is no vidim — not oven a vicarious one. A few sogacious, but not particnlarly consistent words from tho Attorney Gcnoral, and d few sensible and generous ones fiom Mr Aspinall, and the debate gradually loses heart. It is evidently approaching an end when Mr Nathaniel Levi uses to address the Houso, aud that settles it.' i ' Malicious Injury mo Pbopebty. — Some person has for somo time past made a practice of defacing the walls of tho Congregational Church and School at Newtown, by smearing them with filth, and every effort Was mado to discover tho perpetrator of the nuisauce, until at length the aid of the police was called in Shortly after midnight of Saturday, a mnn named Walmsley, residing in tho immediate neigh borhood, was seen by constable Vizzard to enter the premises at the gate, which does' not appear to havo been in any way fastened and soon afterwards to return. Walmsley was taken to Mr Pr.itt, the sexton of the church, who charged him with having been on the premises for tbo purposo of committing it felony; on which cliaige ho was locked up, and in due course was brought before tlio Bench at the Central Polico Com t. Tlierc was, however, no evi dence to show cithor thnt tho prisoner had etor com mitted tho indeconcy which had ? given so much annoyance, or that on Saturday night (or rather on Sunday morning) lie wont on tho premises with a folonious intent, while several persons gavo evidence, of tho good character hitherto borne by him. He was thereupon discharged from custody. It is to be hoped, however, that the guilty parties will by this proceeding be deterred from a repetition of tne dis gusting conduct which led to the apprehension of Walmsley. — Herald.' Suicide on the Yarra Bank. — On Saturday after noon Dr Youl, tho city corontr, held an inquost at the morgue, on the body of a man named Charles Ebrard Baring, aged forty years, which had been found two days before on the Yarra bank, uoar the gas works. Ann Baring, the wife of tho deceased, ptatcd that she had not not seen tlie deceasod for the last five or six weeks. He had been living awav from her for one vear and seven months. He was inu2h civon to drink, and witness refused to live with liiin on I accouut ot his drinking habits, aud they camo to an agreement to scparato. Witness was now engaged as housekeeper. He had never again asked witness to come to live with biui. Mary Cut ing deposed that the deceased lodged with her. He had beea drinking hard on Saturday night and on Sunday he had ' tho horrors,' He went away on the Monday morning at six o'clock, and nover returned. Witness saw him about nine o'olock, in the yard of the Royal Saxon Hotel, but ho was not then in drink Sho asked him if bo was going on tbo road, and be said 'No.' Witness identified tbe knife of deasased. Peter Pitcbess stated that lie engaged the deceased on Friday week to drive a team up the country. He loaded on the Saturday morning,, aud camo ~ about four o'clock in tbe afternoon to go off with tbe team. Witness observed that he was tipsy, and told him that ho was uot capable of going out with tlie team. Deceased wanted to go on Sunday morning, but witness refused to allow him,. He camo again on Monday morning, about six o'clock, and fed the horses, and thou told witness that he did not think ho would be fit to go. Ho went away, and witness never saw anything more of liiin Ho ap pearcd fo be stupefied with drink. William Flunery, a boy about thirteen or fourteen, stated that be was going for wood on last Tuesday, about twelve o'clock, to the scrub on the Yarrs Bank, opposite the gas bouse He saw a man lying in the scrub, and thought be was dead. On Thursday told a man, who went and found the deceased. Constable O'Sullivan ro coived information from the last witness that a roan was lyiog on tbo banks of the Yarra, near tne gas houso, and he wont and found tho deceased lying across the track. He,, was lying on tlio ?left side, with the' legs bent upwards, the left' hand close to the -cheek, and the right hand resting on the ground. About.ten or twelvo feet from the body there were two pools of blood, a short dis tanco from one another. Ho found tho knife pro. duced in one of tbe pools. Oii examining tho body he found deep cuts through the veins on the loft arm He found a coat at a little distance, identified OB belonging to deceased. Both his shirt sleeves were turned up. Dr. Youl summed ap tho evidonoo, and observed that there could bo almost no doubt that the ducoased had committed suicide by cut ing the veins of his arm. A knife covered with blood had been found near, and it was evidently the instru ment by which the deed was done. This was not tbo way in which a murder would be committed, aud the injury was not one which was likely to bo inflicted oxccpt by the deceased's own hand. The jury found that the deeeased hod committed suicide, by cutting | tbe veins of his left arm — ' Argus.' Snake Story. — On Saturday week a prisoner in the lock-up cell at Warialda roported that ho had, In tiie night, put his hand upon a snake On the follow ing day a search was maao, and truly enough a snako more than flvo and a half ieet long, was found between tho double slabbing of the building, and killed, of courso, Blankets fob the Aborigines. — Last year the annual distribution of blankets to the blaeks took place upon different days at Tumut, Gnndogai, nnd Wagga Wagga, aud the cunning darkies, in some instances, aftor receiving a blanket at ono town, posted off iu hot haste to another, and there boldly demandod a socond. The poor wretches obtain but little from hor Majesty in any shape, and oven in those cases where, by the exorcise of a little trickery, they succeedod in getting the magnificent dole of two blankets instead of one, their calls upou tho Treasury wore insignificent indeod. In order, however, to prevent a repetition of this scheme this year, it has been decided, by mutual arrangement, that the annual blanket distribution at Tumut, Gundagai, and Wagga Wagga, shall take plaoo on the same day, namely, the first ofjMuy next. — ' Wagga Wagga Ex press.' A Nice State of Amnm;-'n,o ?? lYMTnT'' 1 Telegram gives tbe fallowing On Sun.ll 1 big, March 2lth, Rohot All.mfa servant n « Brown aud Potior, fell off a horse and brnk,, S 1 Dr. Candiottfs was called, but relLS u W i;«'l'l« of Clermont had tre« cflu1' badly— the Hospital committee had diimi.J i f ra While absent from home, somebody called him j 01 nnd ho would let thein see ho wns a deir amll.l0®' £30 was given him (£10 had beon prcYhJv^'] and refused) as a Re. ho would not , ^ 1 lie £.10 was made up by publio subscription '' spot, and tho doctor set the bone and p?eke,erl i money. Tho doc'or, in a letter to tbo'- 'fS bf, 1 justifies his conduct hy saying ho I from tho Hospital during his absonee and IhT! just cause, nnd that he Would have attend in ? freely in hospital if tho secretary Woro di.mi i1 The ' Telegram ' gives ono iustanco which, iUh-Sti. completely exonerates th6 committee from in dismissing Dr Candiottis ' One occutreLe be cited. Soon after tbo doctor left for Mnlvr 1 poor woman ciicd in tho hpspital, and a dsv on ' afterwards a member of comm tteo wrh infnrm.i „ tbe wardsman or matron had allowed he S '\sl overrun with a„tS while lying in the h2| , 5 tho (amo morning the committeo man'i attention* directed to the wavdsman.who was oneaeed in m ping w.ol an 1 ca.rying water at Di Oandfe house for fiearly two hours. Our commitl-o mi anxious to know tho state of the hospital walkofl and found the matron-a young woman ''of tC?' ycars-m tho large ward with threo or four S patients; while m ono of the small rooms wis S fever patient, locked in.' Ono of the men who w suffering f om mutilated legs, cnused by an xnl™if2 bogged that tho posts of his bedntead micin ha placed in water, as tens ofthnusandsof ants nttl. 1. 3 his leg at night The unfoitunate m m s„id spoken both to the doctor nnd tho wordamimaWnt it several days previously but notiung had been don Then, the committee did not dismiss the doctor Hn §; left the colony without notice, and this step thtv I considered equivalent to his resignation.' A liif V Si twenty one subscribers to the £30 is published in tt. f ?? Telogram.' . 01 1 Shipping in Houson's Bay.— The miserably bin § appearance of the port with rogard to its most vital B interest- shipping— is becoming every day mo-» 1 painfully apparent, nnd is not at all in keeping wilh fi that proud pre- eminence which it has hitherto n,i„ I tuined During the past week the number of ves«-li i discharging cargo at the piers in tho bay was at iti B minimum, and tlio number loading.or outward bontd H was not grently in excess ) in tact, at one lima then 1 were only two vessels in port that had taken pilots- i a circumstance almost unp'ccedonted since the (ft. g covery of tlio gold- fields. The only vosscl ot lii 1 Victorian Railway piers, ilu Maxwell, wns flying her fi clearance fl ag yesterday, and only awaits a fnvorilli 1 slant of wind to take her departure , one sido cftbi 1 bny will then be coiuplotely stripped. Tlitro is l 1 gleam of hope, however, to be derived from the i knowledge th t when tlio present adversu easterly K woather has subsided, some of the twenty or rame I nve'duo Vessels. (Hi of thein of large tonnage and ' with lieivy cargoes, will show up, nnd restore soon | semblance of activity and bustle to the port.— Arm,. I Attemi'tkU Poisoning op a Squattkii.- Thu 11 1- I- bourne Horaldof Friday Inst reports the following— ^ An il.quiry was he.d at the Melbourne gaol on T I urs \ day morning, before Air Stuart, P.1I with refcwica to an alleged attempt to poison Mr R.ibert Dei 1 a squatter, ne -r Eden, Twofold Hay. A nerlimmarv examination in the case bad taken place at Eden sad : tho depositi. n -alien taken formed iha principal put a of thu evidence on the present occasion. Tlie pnrticu* I lars of the case wero, that iu February, 1SG6 Mr ;; Devlin, who liv3S alono ou a station ma* Twofold Bay, left his house for a week, and on retu n ionud that a quai.-tlty of strychnine had been pl.-iccd in a bottlo where he kept his tea, with which it mi so mixed up that it could only bo discerned with difficulty. Thu station where lie lived wa? fifteen i: miles from any habitation, ahd tho nearest & was another station tennntcd bv a blisti' squatter Jjl namod William Alexander. No travellers etrf h: passed by Mr Devlin's' station, and tlie only persons in the habit of visiting it at all, were Ilia members of tho Ale.xander family. Mr Devlin im peded the man, William Alexander, knowing tint ho was actuated by bad feeling towards liiin, and hiving | had evidence of Ins malice. He could however, like | no proceedings upou these grounds j but s twelve 1 month afterwards (in February last) William Alexin, der's brother James gave him information which ltd k him at onco to tako steps in thu matter, nnd bits tlio former arrested. In the examination at Elen, James Alexander swore thnt his brother William hid g asked him to assist in shooting a valnablo entire btrnj | belonging to Mr Devlin, aud afterwards asked him to % assist in shooting Mr Devlin himself. Uis brother also said, that he had put strychnine in a bottle oflti at Mr Devlin's house. The witness thought a good § deal about this, but did not like to give informitioa because it would ' expose the family.' After s twclvomonth had elapsed, however, he mado up hil mind to tell Mr Devlin, feeling that ho could nntitit until ho had done so. Robert Alexander, another brother of the accused, aud Barbara Alexander, hil sister, also gavo evidence at Edon. tbe former stating thnt be hnd hoard his brother William cod- less to his having put the strychnino in tbe ItH and the latter th-it slio had seen a packet il strychnino in tho possession of her brother Willis®. Ho threatened to horsewhip her ifshosaid anytliicg about. This concluded the statement? of tbo witMl at tne lormer examination, and tney nlianaea ai mr m; bourne gaol yesterday, but added nothing matcriilto Bp them. The prisoner wns in the room, and Mr Witibj Bj appeared for his defence. Mr Manby cross eismii™ H the witness, James Alexander, at souio length j and Ej among other questions, asked him whether tliovhilt was not a concocted scneino between himself andbii Kj brother Robert, to ruin tho accused in order that tbty might divide the jiropjrty lately left by the fito to his sons. The witness denied this, and also denied that ho bad been incited to mako tho prosecutioi throngh information given by his brother Willi®, with reforense to his having stolen corta ncotti, fa property of MeBsrs. John and Creigliton Stephenson. Ue never took any cows belonging to Messrs StcpteJ' i son, nnd nrver beard tlmt bis brother William W ncensed him of doinir so Tho accused was thin asked whether he had any statemout to make, having answered in the negative, Mr Stuit commit™ him for trial at the next sessions. Furtuhu Prorogation op Pabmambht,— ' Tto ' Government Qazotte'of yesterday contains » pM' chiination further proroguing Parliament until fourteenth day of May next, as follows l— the Parliament of New South Wales now ut« prorogued to Tuesday, the sixteenth day ot AP instant : Now I, Sir John Young, in pursuance or ma power and authority in me vosted, as Governor the said colony, do hereby further prnfogae snid Pailiamcnt to Tuesday, the fourteenth i., May now next ensuing. TEBMUtiE Resui.t op a Dispoie on — ?Ontbc22nd March, tho captain of the cutter 'JfBl (on lier voyage to Putea, N. Z ), had a dispute his mate, a Frenchman, when a scuffle ensued, both fell overboard and were drowned. Andrew ster, a seaman belonging to tho vessel, nwoo « lowing deposition bofore Major Rooke MJ , occurrence, which appears in the Waflgsnui l' - the 26th March !— New Zealand, March 23rd, 1 Androw Inkstcr, seaman on board the cutter 41 JJ states i At about 1 a. m. on this rnorning, ? about three miles off tho Patea bar, the ma cutter Midge had a falling out with his m s, Britten ; the master swearing a: tho mato w his mug too full of coffee, nnd on the mo . what he had done to make the ini'Ster so d P the master either struck or kicked lnui iu ^ I do not know which, ns ( only cauie on decs momont; but hoard the whole of the r[e versation. 1 heard the master then sa . of your cheek, or I shall give you something Mh to which the mate replied, 'That is tbo T nvfir W„« struck, and I shnll make you and whon the mate was washing tho blw» |(JB face the master rushed at him ; they b»U nnd in the straggle thoy both ? r i#sf B whole offair lasted about three mmutos. i - g diately hove all tho rope I could lay hncds ^ ? board, and got the boat overloard n . ^ g immediately filled. I tried to put the ontw«^| but could not got her to stay. l 3aw !h at- \ n- K once after ho fell overboard) but the m swimming for a long tune. 1 J, f ,51® tho Ben Novis schooner to come op. . g about a mile off, and when she ariivta ^ g cut tho boat adr'ift. I brought the ortt«H« ^ | I'atea River by myself, andieportedthQ ^r1 .ft to the coxswain of the aurf bost, usar t tho river. ; Escape op a Lion.— Information ,,5^ that the cart containing the lion and P .j , ^ have very lately been exhibited in Aiw« ^ f with a capsize at Carlisle .9u!ly' ° confi,,ed k the box in which the lion was ^'^tli' | i broken, and tho beast got loose Om «» | I us that, beyond destroying a fow sheep. ^ p injury was d^no, but that it was d eiggrjpl, % [ as a precaution, to Bhoot tho QUimal.— ? Disobaoefdl Scene ii) CobnT.—Oilr rc*-lerfl wil' remember that eoine timo bncic we published in our police report, tho evidonce taket) against two men named James Baldwin and Itarry Brown, who wore committed for trial at the next Circuit Court to bo Jioid at Gonlburn on the 8th instant. Tho depositions it appoars, wero stolen by the bushrangers from ono 0i the mails which was robbed near Gonlburn. The two prisoners, Baldwin and Brown, wero brought up from Goulburn by writs of habeas corpus, so that tho evidence could be taken again. On Monday last tho two prisoners weio brought into Conrt in leg-irons The police magistrate, who was alone 011 tho Banoh, said, aildiossing the prisoners : ' As it appears your irons are rivotod and not locked, and cannot bo easily taken off, I shall permit you to sit down.' The pri ?Boners wero told that thoy might sit nt tho tablo 'which attorneys use. Baldwin said to his fallow. ?prUonor, ' Go ill'! on, lot 11s take tho aristocratic so.it for obce.' The polico magistrate [requested that tho indulgence might not be construed into a liceu30 for 'misbOhiiYiour. Baldwin replied : ' Oh, all right.' A witness named Burton was giving evidence, and the polico magiitrato asked liiin a question, when Baldwin immediately said, '? 1 1 ore, don't be putting the words into his mouth. You aro « ? y old liyprn'crite, that's what yon aro.' Thuro was a son' Bation throughout tho court ; but no not:co was taken ot it. Baldwin interrupted tho witnoises lully a dozen t ines, Oilue ho said, alluding te tho polico magistrate and Burton — 'You'd hang a man between you,' and to the polico magistrate — »-Hb ovidenco isn't a bit liko what it was bclore. He's been tutored by you and will gwear pnything,' Brown hero interposed— 'They ? are both tarred with tho ono slick. Tuoy aro a pretty pair j the two of ''om wouldn't mako ono gold man.' A person named Whitelaw was prosecuted in th ; next case and during'his examination, the p.ilice magistrate said to the prisoners — ' Yon oujlit to con duct yourself a little better. It is sncli people as you that put tho country to so much expense.'' Baldwin replied— 'Il takes a groat mairj kind of people to mako. up a world; but you make 11 d ? d bad magistrate.' When the witness had given his evi tjenco, tho polico magistrate was proceeding with the case in some way whicto we did not catch, when Baldwin rose up aud said—' IIo doesn't know what lie's doing. The man's mad. Ho -would commit us without the witness signing his deposition, or being asked any question.' 'l'lien addressing the witness, he added — '? Here, turn ymmd and look at me ; never mind him. Upon Brown being asked if he had any questions, lie said — ' No, I never talk lo hangmen, au-J you aro both 110 better than hangincu.' Alter the prisoners had been ?Cautioned, the police magistrate said — ' Havo you anytliiug to suy, James Baldwin? ' Baldwin replied — 1 'Nothing; cn'y mike nut tlio warrants as quick as yon can and let us get out of this. Its getting dinner time. ' The prisoners were thou committed Baldwin, beforo leaving the court asked whether there was any law by which people could bo brought into court iu irons The police magistrate said it appealed the irons had been put 011 to secure. their -(prisoners) safety while co-ning up in the coach, und that thoy could not be coiivenintly taken off. Bald ' win replied— ' Well, I shall draw tlio attention' of the Judge in Croullmrn to it, and shall call upon con stable Usher to prove tli.it I will be speaking tho truth. Tho prisoners wero then removed, Here -cnrlcd one of tho most disgraceful scenes wo have ever witnessed in a court of justice — ' Burrangong Argns * ' Nativb Dogs. — Tliesa troublesome pests are just now very plentiful almost in tho immediate neigh bourhood of Newcastle. On the iUuitland Road, be twean Waiatah and Newcastle, several very large ones have recently been seen, and we havo been in 1'o-med that a fow days since several of these animals paid a visit to Mr Spark's slaughter-house, and ?killed five or six of his sheep. The slaughter house in question is ilot more than a mile nnd a half from the lie.'rt of the city. — 'Newcastle Chronicle.' Meeting op Musiari'AL Delegates. — A meeting of the Municipal Conforonce was held yesterday afternoon in the Sydney Municipal Council Chamber. Tlio honorary secretary was instructed to send cir ?culars 1 1 tlio municipalities that nad not yet ap pointed delega cp, inviting them to do so without delay ' The confercnco was then adjourned until fui tu- ¥ notice — ' Umpire.' Tan Oldest Man is the Colony. — There is an ?old man at piesent in Aralncn who is upwards of 97 yeura of age. His caino is Richard -Matthews, and lie is an old resident of this district. Mr Charles Whitby publican, of Araluen, has kindly allowed tho old fellow, who is very poor, and unablo to do any work, to stay nt his place for some short. time back,. Ve. understand that a subscription is being made in Aralncn to defray the cost of sending him to tho Be nevolent Asylum in Sydney. Ufxakohoi.y aKd Fatal Accident: — An inquest was held yesterday, by the C^ty Coroner, at the hotisr ?of John Illife, R'Ckey Point Road, on the bodies of a woman and child, Betsy Roberts aged 82 years, and CI ira Roberts, aged 2J years, who wero killed through the upsetting of a cart Thomas Shannon, constable ?stationed nt Cook's River, gave evidence that st U o'clock ycetoroay morning ho received information 'tlmt the bodies of a woman and child wero lying tinder a dray capsized in a culvert off tho road -; arrived ?at tho place about 7 o'clock, and saw the bodies of the woman aud child ; the woman was lying partly on her right side, her right foot was caught between ;the wheel and the sidoboanl of the cart ; her clothes were fastened to portions of the cart^ there was a bruise on her upper lip and blood 011 her oar ^ sbo Was quite dead ; the childs clothes were caught 011 some portions of the cait ; the child wns lying fi.ee down, and water flowing over it:; water wns also blowing over tlio woman; witness removed the bodios .'to the house where they then wero. William Morse, 'labourer, said lie was coming along tlio Rockey Point Road oa Sunday night, about 11 o'olock; when opposite Mr Lawrence's place he heard a noise as of ?'somo one singing out ; ho stopped mid listened for ;a few minutes^ then he went on his way, when lio 'heard someone say,' For God's sake, master, help me, the wheel is on my leg; my wife and child are dead, and the horse dead too;' witness approached tlio direction from which ' the voice came ; tho man' called to him to pull tlio ripper wheel back, 'so that bo might get his leg out witness tried to null up the wheel, but could not, and Tan to Mr l.life's hoilse for help ? returned with lllifo ?and others aud a -light) saw tho mail in the culvert in « ^ sitting posture with his log tinder tlio cart* tliey lilted the wheel, and the man drew out liis log; the water was up to his waist - Witness saw. a woman ly ing on her right side, her bond apparently under tho horses rump ; 1ier body was partly under the diay ; the woman was dead ; took oil' a boy who was sitting ?on the side o'f tho cart and lifted him on to the hank ?; tlie horse was quite dead j witness went in the morn ing to Coak's River, and told the - constable what ho had seen ; camo back with him and saw the body of tlie woman taken from under tbe cart* the body wns in tho same position as when he saw it; that part of the road is very narrow ; the culvert is about five or six feet deep ; the man iB lying in a Very weak state fl'd very stiff. Kdwr.nl Roberts, . market gradoiier, said the bodies were those of his wife and child; he was returning from Petersham between 6 and 7 o'clock on 8nnday evening - it was very dark; in the cart Vritn him were his wile, the child now dead, and his son George; witness Was perfectly sober; they had ft little beer between Petersham and Rooky Point Unad— a pint betwoen themall ; that was not the near tst way home, -but lie went that way because it was a safer road, and the horse was accustomed to it 5 it Was so dark he could not sec the track, nnd lett it entirely tn the horse to find the way; two yards from the place where tho acoident happened, ho told his Wife, n, ,t was beginning to rain, to put his cloak Tound'herand.tlic ohild j then ho started the horse again ; how tho cart upset he could not tell ; he found the wheel on top of him; his wife was close to him; ne Bpoke to hei ; she did not answer.; tho cart Win ?onhorj did not see his child; ho got one leg out, and remained there until 11 o'clock, when be was taken out by some persons ; his littlo boy was thrown out on tho bank; afterwards, when tho lighting allowed him Ins father's (witness') situation, ho cam* ? ,;Tv' ? r witness put him inside tho cart. Vcrdict .7 V.- „m l'iIIlios accidentally 1-oCeivt 1 by the 'ua't ,'u a oUlvcrt by the road- side ou tlin m r i1' April,'— [Thoso who released J us man from lus posith 11 seom to have beon under the apprehension thnt the law forbade thorn to take of lll» woman and child irp out of tho water th™ „ onmo- Though it is evident thnt 11 ey niuat have been dead long beforo Morse came by rrnm°M y t',t0? thut lhe cart ''''M b« lifted oil wnf, J * ' th.oy 81101,13 b0 taken out of tlio .1, . And it was quito a mistake to snppose tlmt he law required those who discovered them to leave tnem lis thoy wore,— Ed. Empire ] res^l^V'If'V!''?1^'10,3 belongmg to a person lately it . .f Dfty|'fu'''», who is removing to Western „'r, ' a1,t(er Gating about 100 miles on the journey, nlav mate0 ''i' 'i' 'bom it had beon a a'f1 w,h? httti boon left bohind. It wns found lvIn£'8S?t I1 thB #n'1 ncxt -lny was hn n». y I ? s. exhausted in tho garden of the tin iournnv 'la-1 ocouP'ot,- having tn ado .. Liouri.— ' aTbu^' m,lea ia lo8S tvreutjr.l'our Tub Aboriginal Cmcreters at Pakiiamatta, — j Our correspondent writes:— Aftor two postpjneinents tho aboriginal cricket match was commenced lo-day. (Tuesdpy), Tho .weather, which throughout yester day was anything but promising, favored the crieko tors in this instance, inasmuch as although tho high wind was the reverse of pleasant, still it tended materially to dry up tho gronnd. thoroughly soaked as the latter was by' the late roins The sky romaincd somowbat cloudy, but no rain fe.l ; it was evidently kept off by the wind. Considering the tact of the unsettled state of tho weather, nnd the uncertainty in many persons' minds as to when the match would come off, if lit all, the attondanco oh the' ground to day if not particularly numerous should by no means servo to discourage hopes cf a larger concourse of spectators to- morrow aud the next day s for 'it is tlio intontion of Messrs. Lawrence and Wijls to extend the visit of their tenin over that period, in the hopes that sunnier skies and tuoro crowded assemblages may reward their patience and reimburse their oxpenses The wiekets were pitched about 12 o'clock, and Lawrence, winning tho toss, tent the Cumberland sixteen in. After some spirited play, in tho courso of which the bowling of the joint captains had to be occasionally varied us the different styles of tile local team liucaine more apparent, the wickets finally fell vyith a total score for the Cumberland sixteen of 79 runs. .The batting of Messrs. Sheppard and Butter was especially good ; the former scorod 20, the latter 24 'iins. Alter a .light adjournment tho Aboriginals w nt in and when thu .'tumps wero drawn at half-past 5 o'clock the score stood as follows — one wicket down for G runs. . On Thursday the athletic spurts are to come off. and many of our local athletes are nerving theinsolvcs for a sharp tUB^lo with their n niive brethren for tLe laurels oi' the day.—' Herald ' A Chapter of Accidents — The storm which visited Ornngo on Friday evening wcok was not only sudden but severe. The lightning was peculiarly vivid, and the lieiivy leaden clouds causing a great darkness gave effect to its brilliancy. Several acoi-. dents occurred to residents who happened to bo out at the time. WJidn. ncaring the town, and close to' the hospital, Br'jWat rcn's horses took fright, and running the buggy to which they wero attached against a stump, smashed it, throwing the doctor out with some violence. Mrs Warren and son had vacated tho buggy but a few minutes before, antici cipating such a result, otherwise tbo consequences migh'. have .been, more disastrous Dr Warren, be yond a severe shaking, was, wo believe compara tively uninjured.... The. force of the shock may be inferred from tbo fact that the stunip against which tho vehicle struck was almost torn out of the ground. — The Rev. Mr I nes, returning from Oadia, tlie same evening, in company.with Mr Adams, catcchist, also met with an acoidont, Irom the effects of wh ch lie is still suffering' When in MoiiMer's-lane, and as he thought through the troes, his horse came 'in contact with some ol ject, but whether a Btump, a tree, or a broken vehicle lying there, ho could not tell, however the injuries .inflicted though not of a dangerous character wore such as to cause considera ble iarticncss. The horso struck against the object, but neither did lie fall, nor was the rider unseated. — A11 accident of a serious nature occurred at ICeeuan's Bridge, 011 Thursday, '4th instant, to a man whose name we holvo been unablo to ascertain. Whilst en gaged roping a horse, the animal plunged violently, kicking the post ou of the stockvm d fenco; fractur ing the man's . thigh, and dislocating the hip joint, Dr. Beatty was 'summoned, and rendered every assistance, but has doubts as to recovery considering either amputation will be ' necessary, or that the patient may sink under his injuries.— Western Ex aminer, The Floods at Morcya.— The 'Examiner' of Friday last states that tho damage by last week's flood is more than fully equal, 'Wo are sorry to say. to our last week's anticipations. Of potatoes in tli«- ground very few indeed, if any, will be saved about A] only a. At Bo.lalla.and Ur6bodalla,'tho entiro crop may bo said to be destroyed for but very few, just sufficient for tho tiulph market, have been raised. Tho corn also has suffered greatly. Sir W. Com 111, at Urobodalla, had to flee in the irrddle of the ;uigh! from his house, .the water rising so suddenly that nothing was removed ; very much loss and damuse to the contents of tbe homestead is tho result. - M Storinan has a'so lost terribly ; in fact, the nt''g :hor hood never had a. like visitation. As for fencing, the amount destroyed is beyond calculation. From Nerrigundah we hear that the fliod had its disastrous way, to the extent of levelling, everything. Eveiy claim is filled up. witl: ioose eorth. alnd it wi'l take some time oro tilings, resume their ordinary appear ance. In Mr Speuce's claim, the first steam eiig'n ? claim at Nerriguaflali,, thoy had. just reached the bottom, nntl Wore ab'oiit;was!iing up when tlie flco I set in nnd lilted again, the several paddocks which have been wholly or. partly stripped. Of the potato crop throughout the distiict, so far ns we have seen we are not 'far from , the mark, unfortunately, in say ing that it is annihilated. We liavo grounds for the beliefthattherew.ill.be left iu tho ground scaicelv sufficient foi home^consumpticn and seed; . Charge o'f Obtaining Monet under Fai.se Pre tences. — At tlie Police C'ourr, Greufell, on Thursday last W., A. Pobley, or Alexander (liusbaud to Miss Edith Palmerston) appeared on bail, charged with having, 011 the 3 7 1 li December last, obtained by means of lalse protenccf, £G from Alexander M'Pherson . Jl'Loiie, accountant in tho Australian Joint Stock Bank at Greufell. The defendant pleaded not guilty. Tlicevidence so far hcr.r:l in this case' inav be' 'hus briefly summed npv-On the 17th Decern beV. the do fondant, who had an nccount with the Australian Joint Stock Bank, paid into bis credit £2-T in notes, aud two letters of credit for £0 each, drawn in his -- favor by the Bunk of Victoria, London, On its office 111 Mehoumo. Oi.'o of these lettei'3 of credit wa' an original, and tho other a duplicate, nnd it i on t ii duplicite that the present case arises. When paving these letters iu the defendant's attention was diaw by the acconntant to the fact that one of them was only a duplicate; when he said that the original had been mislaid, and wroto a memorandum to that effect on the back of it. In dne Course of business the l.-tters of credit were forwarded to tho Bank of Victoria, in Melbourne, when it was found that tho original of tho duplicate had boon paid to the defendant, but of this there has yet not been any evidenco given. Tho evi dence of Mr M'Lerie aud Mr King, of the Australian Jo lit b'tock Bamc, was taken, and the, Case remanded till Friday, and on the re-hearing of tbo case it was dismissed. 