NEW ZEALAND. The Lord Afhly, which sailed from Grey River on the 12th February, took with her 3245oz of gold, shipped by the Bank of New Zealand. The discovery of gold on the beaches of Stewart's Island, is thus reported upon to the Southland Government by police sergeant Morton, who last week visited the island. The beach at Port Wil 'tuij ib n niiimi uuv ill me uay, kuuui otju jruius long and fifty wide. At low water the stripping is about one foot deep, and there is about six inches ofwashdirt. There is a good supply of water from the hill above the beach. This beach is all taken up. The sergeant pros|iccted the claim in several places, and found about half a grain to the shovel and about two grains to the dish, which he for wardB to the commissioner. There has been no gold found in the other email beaches as yet, but the sergeant believes there arc several parties out prospecting round the island. The sergeant would not advise any miner to come at present except those who are intending to prospect, and they would even require a boat and provisions. The Nelson Evening Mail says : — The mur derer Sullivan has at length found his place in the Nelson prison gang. He may be seen daily march ing to and fro with his fellow convicts, and working with them in the city works. He looks well and assumes a buoyant air that is not supposed to belong to great criminals. It is an instalment of justice to the community he has outraged, that he is at length compelled to toil like other convicts before rppjiivitliT (lip TiflKnn mtinnc It lioa i.nt aMann.l observation that he is not in irons, and some hard ship iB cast on the men who, suffering for minor offences, are placed in the same category with so great a criminal. In ono of tlie streets running parallel with Broadway lived a married couple who had not travelled together very smoothly since they had been made one flesh. The husband, though not a bad man, occasionally took a drop too much, and on such occasions happiness was the exception in the household. The wife had a thousand dollars in greenbacks, which hIic had saved and always carried with her, and being the master spirit of the firm, she would not allow it to be encroached upon, but, on the contrary, endeavored to augment it. The wife took the cholera, and the husband obtain ing a permit had sent her to the hospital. It is not known (hat lie accompanied her thither, though he must have \ JBiled her. One morning, the nurse being out of the room for some lime, he returned to the bedside of the poor woman, and discovered her to all appearance dead. The doctor was notified and made his observation. No pulsation of the heart, no breathing, nothing to dissipate the illusion and assertion that (he patient was dead was dis covered, and the disciple of iEsculnpius pronounced her — dead. She was forthwith disrobed, placed in the rough coffiin furnished by the city, and con veyed to thb dead house. For four hours she lay apparently a corpse, with all the surroundings of death. After the shadows of night had closed in the watchman took a look into the room to sec that all was right. From the inside of one of the coffins a perceptible knocking was heard. Super stition seized him ; he slammed the door after him, and went to notily other parties of the mysterioUB rapping, and several accompanied the man to the temporary receptacle of ll.c dead. When the door was opened, a sight met the gaze of the party wlrch made the routs of their hair tingle, and caused them to feel a weakness about the knecn. The ' corpse' had raised the lid of the coffin, and was sitting bolt upright in it. ' Where am I ?' says slip, 'i'hc matter was explained to her briefly. Filled with auger — illnens having seemingly de parted, klic let loose 1 he flood of her passion at the idea of being enclosed in such a contemptible receptacle. She had 1000 dollars when she went to the hospital, she said, and she demanded to know where it had gone ; tliut amount would have given her decent sepulture. The attendants were unable to explain the whereabouts of the missing money, and the woman demanded to be restored to herself once more, that she might pursue the thief who had rubbed her, and fccuic to her body, if she were to die, decent burial. The 'resurrected' one was helped out of her narrow prison- house, and taken to a more genial chamber. But here anoi her diffi culty arose—her clothes had been destroyed. Suit able apparel, however, was furnivlied,and on finding herself once more of flebh and blood, she insisted on starting at once in search of her husband, who, she thought — and perhapB correctly — was consol ing himself with her 1000 dollar*., and the idea that some other daughter of Eve would console his lonelv hours. The surgeon observing that she was comparatively well, and thinking that it might do her more harm to retain her than permit her de parture, had the iron gate open for her exit, llark nesa had set in ere she reached her husband's place of domiciliation. She knocked at the door, anil her husband opened it. With eyes fairly starting from their sockets he gazed ; words failed Irin ; he was paralysed with fear at the supposed apparition. At length the wife demanded why he had robbed her, insisting at the same time that she was not ric.id, as he no doubt hoped Bhe was, and she had come home— ho would find it harder than that to get rid of her. The husband was too astonished, too horrified, to believe his eyes, and he begged the 'ghost' to leave ; she might have the money, but for God's sake to go away and not destroy him. At this the man with fear and trembling handed her the missing money, which she took. But she was not to be driven from her home, and with a push she opened the door and entered the house. She had no sooner done so than her husband, minus coat snd hat, rushed o. t of the back door into the yard, and over the fence — and that is the last that cither his wife or his friends have' seen of him. — St. Louis Times. A curious suggestion has emanated from one of the London leading papers with regard to a source from which recruits for the British army might be obtained. TI10 Standard says : — ' Nor are the Sikhs the only people from whom recruits might be drawn for end Imperial English army. In the northern island of New Zealand there is a race, but yesterday our deadly enemies, which is per haps the most warlike upon the earth — a people gifted with a rare instinct for war, hold, enterpris ing, hardy, chivalrous, who are the perfect ana logues of the British in the southern hemisphere, and may he more easily brought into communion with Englishmen tlisu any other race. In open battle they are the only savages in history who have held their own against equal numbers of disci plined while men. Now in their subjection they arc neither servile nor envenomed, and many of them, even of the warriors who fought against us so gallantly, wou'd doubtless gladly enter a Maori corps in the English service. As a proof of their fpcling towards Engluiid, it may be mentioned as a fact that during the crisis of the Crimean war the chiefs of the principal northern tribe in new Zea land went as a deputation to the Governor to offer their services to the Queen against the Russians. It is not work that kills men; it is wony. Work is healthy ; you can barely put more upon a man than he can bear. Worry ia rust upon the blade. It is not the revolutions that destroy the machinery, but the friction. Fear secretes acids, but Inve and trust arc sweet juices.— Henry Ward Beeclier. Tlie FremfonllaU of Vienna lias tho folow ing most extraordinary statement : — At Rechnitz, in Hungary, a man has committed a horrible act through superstition ; he has successively assassi nated four children, and eaten their hearts, raw, believing that he would become invisible when he had done the same to seven. The crime was dis covered before he had time to arrive at the end of his atrocity, and the man is in custody. 