THE METROPOLIS. March 21, 1867. The only distinguished visitor we hare had since my last report is the English mail, which arrived on Saturday morning. It is a blessing to be able to escape once a month from the dreary twaddle which at present constitutes the history of the " farinacious village," to get a look out into the world at large, and to make special enquiry as to liow the old people are getting on whom we left behind us. You will have got all the sensa tion news,—the American President's Im peachment, the three hundred and thirty third revolution in Spain within the year, the Queen's' Speech (which might have been written any time within tlie past quarter of a century), the Pope's last allocution donoun cing things in general, Count Bismarck's new parliament, and Iiouis jNapoleon's " crown ing of the edifice " by shutting up M. Thiers and his colleagues in the opposition. Humph! your Cornishmen will say, what is all that to us ? How about copper, and the home mar kets generally ? Being in a commercial humour I mean to dip a little into trade sta tistics for your editorial benefit. In the Mining Journal, of December 29,1 find a very lugubrious review of the year's history. It commenced with copper at £106 per ton and tin at £95. Partly through over supply and partly through the monetary crisis, prices dropped until at Christmas copper was quoted at £80, and tin at £80. Our mining specula tors,, unlucky as many think themselves, seem j fortunate in comparisdn with their brethren | in Cornwall. As a rule shares declined there during 1866 fully one-half. Here are real cases, though I withhold the names, chiefly from the difficulty of copying them, and out of commiseration for your P. I).—£83 to £14; £3^ to £lf 9 £15 to £2 ; £20 to £5 ; £30 to £8, and so on. In this same Christmas week the Smelters Company made a strange move —raised the price of copper £0 all round 1 without any apparent reason or any proba bility of the advance being established, The first week of the new year indicated a revival, a considerable amount of business having been transacted. But the Smelters did not realise their attempted advance, and Burra Burra is quoted on the 4th January at £85. Advices of a shipment of 2000 tons from Chili rather damped the newborn activityof the trade. In the second week of January most metals continued to look up, but on the 11th Burra Burra is still quoted at £85. An event happened about this time which is expected to have considerable influence on the market,—the dissolution of the Copper Smelters Association. Its arbitrary mode of fixing rates was resented by purchasers, and excited jealousy, which in its turn produced confusion. With the market perfectly open it will be easier to know the real value of copper than it has been hitherto. In the latter half of- the month there was a gradual cooling down, until wlien the mail left every thing was almost at its former xdull level. The Smelters persisted in anticipating a gradual improvement of trade. They are sanguine, indeed, that 1867 will prove a com paratively prosperous year. Appearances are against it, but the Smelters ought to know best. Other colonial staples are not succeeding better in London than copper. Mark- Lane was well-nigh closed u.p by the heavy snow storms which had stopped the inland carriage of wheat and the coast navigation also. Breadstuffs, therefore—could not fail to maintain their high rates, but they did not advance until towards the end of the month ; as the weather improved there were even symptoms of yielding. I begin to suspect more strongly than ever tliat the greater part of our wheat fleet will not reach London until a reaction has commenced there. If. the price of wheat in January, when almost no foreign cargoes are arriving, does not average more than 70s for the best Dantzie, what figure should be anticipated in May or June, when the Baltic is open, and all the American and Canadian rivers ditto ? The wheat speculators have done the colony a very good turn, and one would be sorry to see them burn their lingers over it; but more unlikely things hare taken place in my own limited experience. As to wool there is nothing positive we can judge by. No extensive transactions Have taken place since the November sales, but nominal quotations had been maintained. The utter stagnation of trade in the manu facturing districts made the brokers rather apprehensive about the March sales, but there was still six weeks left for contin gencies. The mercantile prospects of 1867 were not, however, considered cheerful from any point of view. The whole foreign was in a state of suspense and disorganisation. Pending the impeachment of the President and the revision of the Tariff, the Americans will hardly settle down to business for months to come. The South American republics, which used to'form in the aggregate ajvery good customer of John Bull's, are now buying nothing but small arms and gun powder to blow each other up with. If they would do the job in a systematic business like way, and then wash their hands and send a big order to Manchester for calico, I believe John Bull would give them a vote of thanks through the London Missionary Society; but the Spanish Indians have never been a business-like people; they spend more time making revolutions than would suffice to rear a new generation of better men, with a ready made government on the latest prin ciple by the franchise. Turning from the country of the Aztecks, there is the European. Continent—battered old harridan—knocked completely out of shape by centuries of fight ing ; she is taking a long breath just now after Konigsberg and Custozza. To talk politics and borrow money is all she is fit for. . Trade of every kind is stagnant, eVery where* There is a want of employment, a want of money, a want of credit, a want of certainty j as to the future. In many places the people* are reduced to actual distress. Hence the Continent has no orders to send .to England. On the other hand, it has been underselling England in other markets, taking advantage of the " strike'' among her workmen to obtain orders intended for her. The competition of Belgium and France with Yorkshire -is becoming serious. Old customers trans formed into rivals, makes a very considerable difference even in a wholesale business. From the bankrupt Continent, as the Hon. Mr Mildred might say, look to the rising East. India has not yet recovered from the monetary crisis in May last. Through her cotton interest she was deeply involved with the mother country, and when the crash came, it was felt in Bombay and Calcutta even more than in London., the Bombay failure alone would make tip a very tolerable Overend and Co. case. Then, how it is between ourselves and the Minories ? For several months back Australia has been buying almost nothing, and her share of the monthly exports in Stables' Circular is dwindling down to a ghost of its former pro portions. Under such circumstanees it is not to be expected that England should be able to continue her usual consumption, of our exports. With so many of her principal markets closed, so many of her artisans out of employment, and so much uncertainty as to when the tide will turn, she has ceased to be the insatiable consumer which the fancy of foreign producers has painted her. I suppose, on the principle that misfortunes never come singly, bad times at home have been aggravated by a series of deplorable accidents. Providence must have intended mankind to be always on the double quick:, for as soon as they are put on half-time they go on breaking their neeks, drowning them-, selves, burning down their houses, and quar relling with the Constitution at an awful rate. But for the bad times we might never have heard of these Reform Demonstrations, the strikes in the North, the great snow storm all over the country, the ice catas trope in Regent's Park, the colliery explo sions, Hitualism, &c.; The year 1866 would have been a grand study for Buckle had he lived to see it. A review of it by the positive philosophers, and another by Sam Weller would make a readable book. As I commenced by a not very respectful allusion to local news, I shall not trouble 3£ou with any this week. Perhaps they wilT get livelier in a day or two, but I cannot see much chance of it at present. Wild Boar Hunting in France.—Wild boar hunting is being carried on with success in the department of the Loiret. A few days back M. Pignault, Mayor of Nancray, shot in the forest of Orleans an immense solitaire, weighing 320 Id. ,of which the tusks measured more than three inches in length. On the previous day he had killed another of these animals weighing 120 Id, ^ A company called the u Messageries a \ apeul" has been formed in France for the purpose of steam locomotion on ilie public roads. It is expected that a trial will be made of this mode of transit during tS^i present month before the Emperor at Sfc Cloud. The Pope is printing at the Propaganda a. fac-simile of the famous manuscript of the Greek Bible of the Vatican,, which is more ancient than that of Mount Sinai. The fac simile is to compete with the Bible of Tischendorff, and the Holy Father intends to send \t to tl\e Paris Exhibition. 