I :?'??' ;'? ? HE AND I. . . ';?.?'- .? ? B '.:,:. [PROM ONCIE A WEEK. | ; . ' I ' Candidly, do you believe in love at first ^iglit, I Amy?' I A yonng man asked the qttestion, looking up I from the novel he was., reading;.; And a yoTiag E giil, probably Jiis cousin, blushed a3 she * replied,*, i' She did not know.' I forget what' else passed. I They were only fellow-travellers in a railway oar iriaKe. J' My- friend, Mrs Murray, who was takine: me i to her home, called my attention to someplace of iinterest we were passing, , and the young man ?resumed* his book. But the question recurred to Ime ; and as I leaned back ' in my corner I tried . to lanswer. it for myself, and- to solve -a- little mystery that puzzled mo.* Three times had I met a gentle man, a handsome young man, ; tall, dark, and list-, less. Wo had :nover spoken, , but his notice of me had attracted' my attention. '? At a ball he .fol lowed me about, changed color when our eyes met, but did not- seek an introduction. At a concert ho kcl stared mo- almost' out of .countenance, ?* yet gi'avely, almost respectfully. - At a pic-nic-r-the-. last itime I had seen him— he was happy, laughing and ?talking, : till he ; saw me, when his manner* became Iconstrained, and in a few minutes he left the party. ?There was a strange ; fascination in- his large . dark ieyes, and I wondered if I should; ever meet .him iigain. j Ho must have had some reason for noticing pic so strangely, for I was :not;prottyi No, no! It. would not be love at fii'st .-sight,' could it? : ' 1 We aiiived at The Meadows late in the evening. |\Ti's Murray introduced mo to her daughter Lydia, a lady some fifteen years older than myself. ? She was flio only child at home. ; i Mr John was mamed, and I uul the . -rectory.:- 'Georgej.' the eldest son, was I ravolling'abroad. Mrs Murray and my.mother had peen school-friends, but had been separated for I ears, and bo-, were icompavativo: strangers till they I net again in society, and Mrs Murray asked me to m pond two or three months with her in the country, go recruit my strength after the fatigue of a London Reason.;. The: -day -after' our arrival Lydia showed. H no over the house and grounds.; Harold, Mr John's a West child; eight years ? old* came with us.: The H onservatory door was looked. Miss Murray left us I o fetch the key; - .Harold remained talking.: , ? . ?/? § ' I shall have this horrid eld place pulled down,' H e said, pulling at some ? ivy . that clustered . round 1 iioturi'.et. ; Ho looked , at^ me 'as though expecting I n answer,-; tbe*a,resuined : «?«.- Pa says, if/he has it he I han't stay :at the church. jHe shall pull this dojro ; I 1 lie don't, I shall.' ' But this is your uncle's 1 lace,' said I. '! My uncle! ,Ho won't live long. I ty ma says uncle George , is a : bad man—a . wicked' 'an. Don't you think he is a wickodman ?'i;',;No,': lid I, though I know nothing of him. 'Little oys — I begau impressively ; but his aunt returned, id the .conversation ended. ' The place would ibe ay different. if poor George were here,' said Lydia, %. ' Dofts ho never live here ?' I inquii'ed. Miss | 'oiTay looked at mo keenly. '.Live, here. ; .No, Ier. . He stays for a week or twp sometimes.' 'erhaps soine day ho will marry and. settle.' over 1? , said Lydia, stooping to pick- a ' 'flower. ave, you, not hoard about him?' :?? Heard iat?'. said L '? I shall not be a raven, and- tell w. You will learn, soon enough.' Harold was Wding in the doorway looking back at us. He id largo brown eyes, and something in them made 'fancy I had seen him before,, though I Imew I 'd net. So there was a secret, in the -family— .. ''-* mystbry about the oldest son. Perliaps I was wig, but. I did 'wish to iind it out; indeed, id. I had been at The Meadows nearly a month 'ore ^n opportunity occurred. , Then I pai,d a 'tto Jlio .rectoiy, taking my work, that I -might 'tiL tho , day there. Mrs Mui'ray, I fancied, got *d of having to entertain me, and Lydia liked to w some time to herself. - Mrs Jolm and I were friends, so could speak % to etich other. ? . ? - 'Are you engaged?' said Mrs John. 'No,' ', d I( fancying she alluded to an opal and 'U'ond rhig I .always wore. ' Somo girls are, j young. How old aro you?' 'Eighteen. , ' so very young.' ' No, not so very lng,' said Mrs Jolm, meditatively. 'I 1 only seventeen when I wa?. engaged,' 'That was very young to marry.' 'Oh, 'I was more -than that when ,1 married. Mamma could not bear the idea— a second. son, you know. It was not a good match then; but I always- said I would inaiiy for love.' Now they are pleased enough, for poor ' George is really nobody ; only he keeps John out of the place at present. Eventually Harold must have the estate. It is entailed.' ' But there is an 'older brother?' said I. 'To my husband? Yes;'l)ut since that affair of his ho will never marry, and Jaliu conies next. Sad affair, that. I always pity poor George.' Mrs John said this very comfortably, in the same way ouo pities a tradesman for having to redrjeo the price of his goods, while rejoicing in tho opportunity of buying them cheaply. 'Is tie very unhappy;?' As Isaid this I hated myself for asking it. I know if I had been right (as somo would say, ' commonly honest,') I should have declined to hear anything Lydia would not tell me. Like a good child I should have said, 'Thank you, I must1 not listen.: He would not like it ;' but ' misire ! ' as a French friend of mine uged to exclaim, I am ' one of Eve's true daughters, and the temptation was irresistible. I yield to curiosity. ; ' Well, yes ?;'' said Mrs John, 'for the world is not charitable. Gf course xoe know the truth, and we don't really condemn him. But he takes it to heart (perhaps to conscience, and that is. as bad), though it may be a shadow, after all — it may\le.' ' : . - ' ; : . ' ' '.'.',' \ ' ! Mrs John emphasised the last three words, and her straight. lips again made a corresponding iine to the faint straight eyebrows that met over her nose, and disappeared behind the set curis arranged on either side of her face. '-??'.? ' . ' ' ' It is a pity he should inind a shadow — ? — ' I spoke awlcwardly, conscious of tresspassing on; a - forbidden subject. Mrs; John looked up at ine. 'I, thought all the world knew-his histoiy,'she said ; , ?''quite ro mantic it is, and sad. You know he Vas a sui-geon. Before his father had this property left '? him .by his brother, the boys were brought up. to professions. My husband to the church,, to] take this living. George choso to be a. surgeon, so he became one, and clever, too, I believe— very clever. -Well, he had good expectations, so was in a good deal of so-, ciety ; and in the course of his' practice met a young lady whom he- liked; in fact, fell in love with. I suppose she returned, the affection, for they were en gaged (this was before I was married). Vfell, Miss Chester, Colonel Chester's daughter, was rioh ; at least, her father was rich; the estates were left byr will in this way : if , Colonel Chester died without boys, but leaving a daughter, that daughter might inherit ; but, if there was a son, all landed property was to go to the son, however young; and only some dower to be paid to Miss Chester.. An un lucky' kind, of arrangement, wasn't it? Well, Colonel Chester had but this one daughter till he married again ; then he had one son. Well, that child .was : bom after George was engaged to Miss Chester; and when it was a year, or perhaps, eighteen months old, it- became ill — ? some childish illness, and — the , child died*' I echoed Mrs John's interjection, 'Well?' Well, don't you see ?. George had attended if; was it not awkward ? George had never been a favorite with -the', colonel, and- he became suspicious, and had his prescriptions looked at, and the matter judged by other physicians ; for Colonel Chester is an old inffiii, and' just mad at losing the child. They said it \vfls right enough, quite right — -medical men always ' hong together, you know— but the child had not died' of any acute disease; it had died of an over-dose 'of medicine. It was. of course, the che mises fault, but— you see how it stands — awkward for poor George.' ' He, could not help it,' said I. ;-('My dear; he was there three. time a-day to see the child (and Miss Chester), and the child died; the little, child died. The world is not chari table !' ' Nbr, are you,' thought I, but I only said 'Arid Miss Chester?' ' Her father told George what .he suspected of him. He, of course, gave her up' on tlie spot. I don't know what be came of her.. ' George will never marry, impossible, but he wanders about like a ghost, and I: do pity him. It was a great temptation for a young man without' means. He ' had not succeeded to The MeadoWs then, you Imow.' It was. a great toiiipta tioii.: 'A little cliild ?' 'said I. , Mrs John soomed surprised, and half-alarmed at. the distress I could hot Help feeling, so probably betraying; in justification of .herself, she added: 'It -was yeiy awkwai'd for him — very— and people will -judge ; and, my dear, the fact remains, whether it was the chemist or not,' said Mrs John, before talcing up her baby from tho sofa where it had been sleeping. ' The -fact remains,' said Mrs John, strolcing baby's ruddy cheok and fat arm, . ' though babies' live tnrough a great deal, tliis little child died/' '? ' ? . ? . Two^shadows fell across the window. Mrs John had tuined to , take her baby to the uurseiy, and ,did notiobs'ervo them till she vies just leaving the room. .Then she said— ' Talk of an angel, and you are .'. sure to soe its wings.!'. . She stood in tho doorway a moment, and nodded' and smiled before : closing the door and ; retiring. Her husband entered the room by the window, that opened to the lawn.' After him came another gontleman,. I looked up, and recognised the mysterious gentleman of the concert,-the ball and the pic-nic. , ,' All lliliss Christonsen !' said Mr John.; ' let me, introduce you, to my brother George. This young lady is at'yonr house, George, with your mother.' Mr Murray bowed, and his color changed as he watched me collect iny work, and materials, and preparo to .leave the room. .' Pray don't let mo frighten you away,' he said; ' I shall be home soon.' They were such common- place words, but my face crimsoned, and I was glad when Mrs John came in. She was smiling most affectionately, and apparently ? had forgotten the conversation that I would have given anything not to. have shared. She noticed my confusion, butdid not know I had mot him before ; nor did sho notice that his hand trem bled when at parting it touched mine, but it, did. I knew now whose eyes I had recognisod when I saw Harold. When I returned home, Mrs Murray was expecting her son, for his man and luggage were there already. . 'It is just like him,' said Lydia; ' ho comes and goes like Will o' the Wisp ; perhaps you may induce him to stay a littlo longer this time.' Again I blushed. ; , 'Did I offend you, dear?' said Lydia kindly, and she passed her arm round iny shoulders, and wo walked up and down the terrace together.. ' No,' said I, 'not in tho least; if I influence Mr Murray at all, it will bo to drive him away.' Then I told her of oin* meetings, but of course I tYflS car«f«l in 'what I paid, ' He is yory strange 'and iftoody; atjtiincs, my dear ; you must not notice him. In the evening lie came home, but he was not strange or moody, and during the whole six weeks he stayed I Jf ound him rather the reverse — pleasant, kind, . considerate. He was always waiting on his mother, going about with Lydia, and rather avoiding me, still in a land, gentlemanly way. So matters went on, till one evening I stood on tho lawn with baby in my arms. It was a glorious sunset ; the brothers returned from their walk, and came to my side.. Mr George Murray had a rosebud in his hand and held it to the child. The little thing laughed and.talked at it in baby fashion, and stretched out her little hand to take it from him. Her hand touched his. He trembled, dropped the bud, and turned away. Mr John was good-natured, and, I believe, sincerely fond of his brother ; lie took the child from my arras, smiled sympathisingly at George, and ran into tho house to his wife, who had been spending the whole day with us. Mr George looked very handsome with the sunshine lurking in his soft glossy beard, the rest of his face in deep shadow from the broad brim of the felt hat he wore pressed close on his brow. I was sorry for him, but I did not dare break the. silence, though it was awkward, and we^ were quite alone. We came back to the house side by side ; as we passed the drawing-room window' we heard Mrs John's cold voice say pre cisely— : ' Any one would think they were lovers !' He looked keenly in. my face. I am afraid a blush was ;there. He passed on to the library ; and when T rose the next morning I heard that he was gone. Lydia was distressed and out of spirits. We wandered together over the house and grounds, and watted with Mrs Murray to the rectory, where she always spent the 'first days of George's absence. When we- returned, I went with Lydia to her brothers room to put away the many pretty things she had arranged to welcome him when, he came home. ''',','. : '???' He has riot stayed so long for years,' said Lydia, as she disconsolately collected the pipes that had been left scattered on the side-table. ' I can't think what sent him away again so suddenly, poor fellow ! ' : I did not speak ; I dared not tell her Mrs John's 'remark' then. So I sat/ idly looking from the window, and Lydia busied herself with the dressing table; There were some papers there, left all together just as they had been sorted out to take. Mr George must have gone off in a hurry at last, and so have forgotten them. Lydia looked through them listlessly, saying, 'Perhaps I must send them on?' Suddenly her hand stopped turning the crisp leaves, and an exclamation burst froim her lips. I rose and looked over her shoulder. .In her hand she held a small square paper, that might once have been a leaf in a sketch-book. On it a girl's head had been'roughly drawn in pencil. The hair waved off the temples, the eyes looked up anxiously, pleadingly.' The lips were slightly apart. Bound the throat a little ribbon was tied, and on the ribbon hung a small locket. Beneath the drawing the letters D. C. were written, and those two words ' Kyrie Eleison.' It was not an artist's sketch ; it was the drawing of a hand that loved. Lydia held up the sketch, and plaoed her finger on the looking-glass before us. The reflection was reproduced in the sketch. I turned away, for it was my own reflection that I saw, aridl was. sorry to have stumbled on another of his secrets. But my heart bounded, and ? a new life seemed t® come to my soul. Lydia put her arm round me and kissed me. ? ? 'My dear, a red rose ; mind, a full, rich o.imson rose, from the second standard in the large conser vatory, and your long white dress.' It was Lydia that spoke; she had come to bid me good-bye for the afternoon. She was called from home, she said. I -must excuse her and try to amuse myself. A bright bloom was on her cheek, and she looked quite young again, though she was dressed soberly in black, with only a violet ribbon to relievo it. Those delicious hoars of solitude, if solitude it could be called. No, no ; it was life ! new life ! a happiness too groat to realise — luxu- rious ; a holy future, in a sweet uncertainty and shadowy brightness. One figure, one face, in a thousand reflections, precluded the idea ef solitude. I was companioned by the future. The evening came so quickly. I must dress for Lydia's return. The rose was plucked. I was fastening it in my hair when she came softly to my room. She had been crying, though evidently she tried to compose herself. 'My dear,'' she said, drawing me down to the sofa at her 'side; 'do you think we are responsible for the evil we unconsciously bring on others ?' ' Certainly not,' said I, my mind going to George and his mistake. She leant her head upon my shoulder, and a tear dropped on my hand, as she whispered, ' I have doneyou a real wrong, I have been a Judas to you, and betrayed you by a Iriss !' ? I did not Imow myself or my weakness; actually I was ill. ' Mrs Murray and Mrs John thought I had taken cold. Lydia know differently. Sho kept my secret and nursed mo Mndly. When I was recover ing she told me it was Miss Chester's portrait I had seen; D. C. was not Dora Christensen, but Delicia Chester. It was my resemblance to Miss Chester that 'had brought me so much notice from Mr Murray. I hated myself for the mistake, and my hatred only incroased the evil. For weeks I lay ill at The Meadows. Lydia would blame horself for showing me the portrait. But we both felt that there is a mystery 'in sequence — circumstance must follow circumstance. One , link cannot be severed in tho chain of fate. And tho weary days of illness and convalescence passed on ; and after a time my mother took me across the Channel to Dieppe. We were en route for Geneva ; but I was weak, and we waited at Dieppe for a fow days to rest. We used to watch tho steamers come in. It was the autumn, and . thore were not a great many passengers. As the boat neared the shore the day before we intended to leave, . I recognised a pair of dark eyes looking up at mo. Mr George Murray was on board. I fainted. Whenl.ro covered, Lydia was bending over me, and though we wero in an opon carriage in the public road, she kissed mo as she said, ' Silly girl 1' _ ? We did riot leave Dieppo that day. In tho ovon ing Lydia and I walked out together, to have a chat, she said, about old times ; but that seemed scarcely her intention, for when wo were alone together she was unusually silent. Wo were ; on tho pier. I sat down to rest, and Lydia, with some unintelligible ox cuso, left me. I leaned against the parapet, watching a boat come in. The tide was dead ahead —tho wind only a. cross wia-3, so the task of jjring inp lier in was not an easy one. It wns only a' fish ing boat ; lour men were in it ; each had au oar ; - still, as they passed the crucifix at either side, each . raised his hat and signed the oross upon his breast, and seemed to breathe a prayer. . . 'Do they lose or gain by that act ?' , I started so when I heard the question. It was . Mr Murray who put it. ? ; . ' ' They lose a wave,' said I. ' It is aquestioiij' _'_ They believe they gain. It may be super stition ; still I think there is some reality in their idea.' The loss is a gain. The boat is a trifle longer in getting in; each man is nearer to his home.' I did not understand, for my brain was stupid, and I felt ashamed at seeing him again; but he said no more aboxit tho boat or the men, though we watched them out of sight. Then ho sat down at my side. I felt his brown eyes on me ; bat what passed next I can never write. It is only for him and mo. The minutes passed on, each bearing , away a pain from my heart. He told me he had come to Dieppe on purpose to see me, and with the remainder of his. life endeavor to banish the re membrance of the mistake that had cost him so much. And I could only weep and weep till Lydia came back to put his hand in mine, and asked if I . , would bo her sister. ' ?'...:. It is all told now. A month after, we left Dieppe, and were married by special license before he took me home to The Meadows his wife. Mrs Murray was glad to welcome me, and have her eldest boy near her, happy — though Mrs John was not so plaased as she might have been. And George.and I talk freely of the past : and I, too, have learnt to sympathise in Miss Chester's sorrow, when she .wrote those two sad words beneath the sketch Colonel Chester permitted him to make from her a few days before her death. Some day I am to travel, and stop . in Madeira, to visit the English cemetery and see her grave. Still he carries the sketch; but the mystery is gone between us, and we are very strangely happy — He and I. He does not tremble at my baby, though often I see the little fingers twine round his; in-, deed I think he likes to feel the strange soft touch ? of baby's cheek against his own. M. B. '. 