The question of railway extension, to which we directed attention a few days back, has at length begun to assume tan gible shape and substance. A joint de- pUbULlUily CUUSISWUg U 1 guuucuiuu uuii- nected with the North-eastern Kail way League, and of others belonging to tho "Western ltailwoy Extension League, wnited yesterdny_ on the Chief Secretary, to press upon bis attention the necessity of taking immediate steps to provide tho means for constructing two lines of rail way, to bring these districts into close communication with Melbourno. A loan raised on the credit of our Government in England is, of coutsc, tho main recom mendation of thcoo influential deputations to the head of tho Administration ; and this loan cannot bo of less amount than two or three millions sterling. Looking at tho proposal of such a largo loan, nakedly and without rcfereneo to tho purpose in view, this is undoubtedly a very serious obligation of tho colony to contract, in addition to tho alreadv exist- ing puoiic utui. -Due men me oojcec to be accomplished by this loan is of so im portant and oven necessary a character to effect — if tho colony is to avoid the evil of stagnation in all its greatest interests, or of what would bo worse still, of positively retrograding from its present advanced position— that the proposed now burden on our finances is, in this view, of n comparatively light nature, and not one from which the country should for a moment shrink. We must go ahead, otherwise wo inevitably recede in tho path of progress. That is tho unalterable alternative with all coun tries at tho present day, hut more espe cially with Tcspect to a new country like ours, which has a perfeot mine of unde veloped resources to work out, and which has still to a very largo extent to provide itself with the outfit of civilisation, a main feature of which is roads of the modern type — that is, in a word, rail roads. And for tho completion of this outfit the obligation created by a loan of two or throe millions sterling is no very overwhelming burden to incur— no ex cessive price to pay. Wo should, instead of hesitating to encounter it, bo well pleased to know that tho credit of the country stands so high in tho money markets of tho world, that wo need have no doubts about readily obtaining the money, and en advantageous terms too. New South Wales, with far less prosperity, with a much smaller popu lation, with a greatly inferior revenue, and with much less buoyant credit in the eyes of European capitalists than Victoria possesses, does not hesitato to oontract a new debt for the construction of railway works with foreign capitalists ; and we caunot see that our Government Bhould feel nny difficulty in taking a similar course. _ , The financial position and credit of Victoria as compared with New South Wales is, in refercneo to tho subject of public loans, one of a most reassuring charaoter; nnd it is worth while, in this respoct, to glance in passing nt tho ex positions made by Mr. Eaqar, tho Treasurer, in his statement to tho Sydney Legislature on tho 12th inst. Tho_ Go vernment thcro have to contend with a drawback on their credit which is wholly unknoTrn with us. A few yenr3 bask the deficiencies in their revenue, as compared with their expenditure, were so great that they had to borrow largo sums — LtOO.OOO on one occasion, nnd L550.000 on another — at short dates, in order literally to meet tho current expenditure of tho Govern ment. Thcso debts are now falling duo, and ft tho course of tho ensuing year the Sydney financiers will have to m/iko a layment on account of these " deficiency oans," amounting to L508 000 ; towards meoting which they can only calculate on liaving in hand at the specified timo L35G.008, leaving a deficiency on this " deficiency loan" account of L242,d!92 And they have no other resource to look to for gradually extinguishing this deficit, as well as tho balances which will bo yearly accruing of the remainder of tho "deficiency loan" debt, except the rather problematical resourco of surplus of revenue over ex penditure in each year for tho next two or three years. Hampered as they arc with tho positive burden as weHas with tho bankrupt odour of such an impecu nious state of things, tho New South Walos Government nevertheless, as soon as they havo found their revenue begin- ing to show signs of improvement, have not hesitated to propose incurring further and larger obligations to the public cre ditor, in order to enable them to prose cute those public works of which tho colony stands so much in need. To that end they purpose, Mr. Eagah tells us, to raise a new loan of three millions sterling. And they have already accepted an offer from Messrs. Oppenhbim, Albkbti and Co., of Paris, and Messrs. Ebf.ulin, Goschen and Co., of London, for the immediate advance of two millions at the rato of LSI cash per L100. Mr Exoxn does not state what the rate of interest is to bo ; but the terms of tho loan hy which N ow South Wales contracts to pay L100 with interest for every L84 advanced, on a sum of L2,000,000, nre certainly not very ad vantageous nor flattering to the status of the public credit of that colony. How ever, our object in directing attention to the credit and financial position of our neighbours, as shown in the state of mat ters thus laid before their Legislature hy their Treasurer a few days back, is not to make any boastful contrast with it of tho sound and prosperous condition of Victoria in this respect, but to point out how much better circumstanced wo aro to incur the obligation of a new loan, and with what alacrity we should proceed to develop tho policy of our material progress by means of an additional loan, when our em barrassed friends beyond the Murray do not hesitate to enter upon that path of progress. Mr. M'Culloch, yesterday, in replying to tho deputation from the two railway leagues, adverted to the present complica tion between the two Houses of Parlia ment relative to tho Appropriation Bill, as if he seemed to think that that would throw obstacles in tho way of completing the arrangements for a loan, although at the same timo ho gave his assent to the request of tho deputation to talco steps for completing tho necessary financial nego tiations for tho purpose. We cannot help thinking that Mr. M'Culloch was thus trying to " improve the occasion" for making a little political capital for tho Ministry with tho important sections of the community represented by tho depu tations. The hitch about tho Appro priation Bill, tho Chief Secretary knows very well, need not in the slightest degree interfere with tho arrangements for com- IU6 UU7T luutvaj luau. iLUU 11. tXUJ obstacle could possibly arise from that cause, he is perfectly conscious that tho difficulty is solely of tho Ministry's own seeking, and _ that tho dead-lock would never have arisen if Ministers themselves had not spontaneously gone out of their way to invite it. In referring to the crisis, as a possiblo difficulty - in the way of the proposed financial arrangement, Mr. M'Culloch was merely invoking a ghost which ho has himself conjured up ; but tho presence of which, he is perfectly aware, can offer no reasonable or justifiable ground for tho Ministry neglecting or pausing over tho completion of a public duty, which the country expects at their hands without delay. If tho crisis did really thwart tho carrying out of this railway loan policy, then tho blame would rest alone on the heads of the authors of that crisis. And in appealing to its pro bable consequences in this respect, Mr. M'Culloch is hut invoking censure on himself. However, we do not wish to anticipate the disagreeable developments of the crisis on this occasion, deeming it a wise saw that " sufficient for the day is the evil thereof." Wo prefer rather to con gratulate tho country on the promise given by the Chief Secretary, to forward the railway loan business during the session which commences this day. Tho fourth session of the Blth Parliament will bo Inaugurated at 2 o'clock this afternoon, by his Excellency tho Governor, with tho usual formalities. Sir J. H. T. Manners Sutlon will de liver tho accustomed speech, and the addresses In reply will afterwards ha considered in both Houses. All sorts of rumours have been current as to tho action which the Government intend to adopt, but tho general belief Is that they will adhere to their original resolution in sending up the Appropriation Bill with the Darling vote in cluded, If such should prove to be the case, the motion for an address In reply to the speech will most probably be met by an amendment; The Government Gazette notifies that the Hon. Sir Trevor Chute, K.C.B., takes command of the local forces on and after the 17tb. Our Geelong correspondent informs us that apartments have been taken at Mack's hotel for H.R.H. the Duke of Edinburgh, Our marksmen who have been practising with the match WhltworthB for the Intercolonial rifle contest have been making good practice; and if they only keep up the Beores which they have made, there will be some prospect of Victoria proving victorious this year in Sydney. We give la another column a report of the Inquest held upon the remains of tho Daylesfsrd children. The evidence disclosed few facts which have not already been laid before our readers. The funeral was appointed to take place yester day; and it was resolved at the meeting of the Daylesford Borough Council on Monday, that the Mayor and councillors should attend in their official capacity, and that It should be suggested to the burgesses to abstain from business after 1 o'clock. It is stated that the police magistrate, oa the first day of the search, storied Jemmy, one of tho black trackers, within fifty yards ol tho tree la whioh the bodies of the unfortunate children were then lying. The Chief Secretary has promised, lu answer to a memorial presented by Mr. Watkins, M.L.A , from the Inhabitants nf Elthnm, that as soon as the necessary arrangements are made, a money- order office and savings bank will be added to the post-office at Eltham. Their Honours the Chief Justice, Mr. Justice Barry, and Mr. Justice Williams yesterday sat in divorce, and granted final decrees of divorce against the respondents in the cases of Jones v. Jones and Hooka v. Hooke, in both of which the husbands petitioned on the ground of adul- tery committed hy tbetr wives. Tho cases are reported In another column. A very largo deputation, representing tho North-eBstern and Western Railway Leagues, waited upon tho Chief Secretary, aud brought prominently under bis notice the question of railway extension to tho Ovens and Western districts. Mr. M'Culloch promised that In tho event of the present political affairs being patls- laetorlly settled, he would bring In a bill autho rising tho Government to ncgotlato a loan In tho London money market for the purpose of rail way extension. This statement apparently fully satisfied the deputation. Tho names of several influential gentlemen have been approved of hy tho Governor In Council as a committee to arrnnge for tho recep tion of His Royal HIghncsa tho Duke of Edin burgh, hut the appointments havo not yet been gazetted, owing to somo of the gentlomen named not having yet signified their willingness to act. The committco will coaslst either of ten or twelve members. Richard Belkmcy was again brought beforo the City Police Court yesterday, en the charge of poisoning his wife. Mr. John Badcock, manager of the Bank of New South Wales, was tho only witness examined. Mr. F. L. Smyth made an clcquenl appeal of about an hour's duration in favour of the prisoner, assorting that the deceased woman died from the effect of anti mony, taken by herself t» get rid of the coess- quences of the large quantities of brandy which abo used to drink before her husband came home. His Worship tho Mayor and Mr. Sturt considered that a prima facie case had been made out, and tho prisoner was committed for trial; boil being allowed In two sureties of L2J0 each. By the Raugotlro wo have Sydney journals to the 14th. They eontalu nothing of interest beyond what has already appeared In our tele grams. The usual monthly meeting of Ibo committee of the Melbourne Hospital took place yesterday afternoon, In the board -room of the Institution, Mr. Gibbs presiding ; tho membcro present were Messrs. Hammill, Ljods, Moore," Shnnd, Knngga, Ilart, Jame9, and Barker. The correspondence included letters from several Indies, thanking tho committee for recognising their services ot the late bnziar. Another letter was from Mr. Sturt, P.M., enclosing a state ment of a man who hsd been sent to goal for vagrancy. The man complained of 111- treatment In the Hospital. The secretary stated that the eomplBlnnnt mi- conducted himself in the wards, and left the Institution of his own accord, and that before going away be snid ha wauld knock some ona down to bo sent to gaol. Some routine business concluded the proceedings. We have Lounceston and Hobart Town papers lo the 14tb. The schooner Swordfisli, from Melbourno to tho River Don, was stranded on the Seven-mile Beocb, alongside the schooner Yarra. on the nleht of the 4th. The accident occurred iu consequence of tho workmen em ployed getting the Yarra off using lights while at work after dusk; tho master of tho Swordfisli naturally concluding that the light proceeded frem the wharf at Circular Hoid. After a survey, the schooner was sold by auction, Mr. F. W. Ford becoming tho purchaser for L570 The schooner Pat the Rover was dispatched from Circular Head on the 2nd for the men left behind at the Pieman River. The weatbor, however, was so bad that the vessel had to put back. It is now proposed to dispatch a person overland from Circular Head. Mr. Davies' motion for nn address to the Governor, to place on the estimates a sum of money to enable the Govern ment to make a survey of a line of railway between Hobart Town and Launceston, was lost by the casting vote of the Speaker. At the Criminal Sessions of the Supreme Court, Hobart Town, oa the 10th, John Kenyon Winter- bottom, ex- town clerk, was convicted of em bezzling money belonging to tho corporation, and sentenced to two years' imprisonment. At the meeting of the council of tho Acclima tisation Society, yesterday, a large number of letters which had arrived by the last mail were laid before the council, and amongst them some from Mr. Edward Wilson, Mr. Phllpott, and Mr. C. P. Layard, of Colombo. This lost an nounced that Mr. Layard bad sent down fourteen Ceylon partridges, six of which had safely nr- rlved. Mr. Phllpott Btated that the Zoological Society of London were about shipping for the Bociety a pair of Japanese deer. A letter wss read from Mr. R. W. Ham- nioiiu, ui Auruuguuu, ua&iug; uuviyo uuu ua- slstance In sending the Murray codfish to New Zealand for tho Walkato River. The secretary was instructed to reply that, in the opinion of tha council, this river was quite unsuited to the Murray cod, and to suggest that the salmoaidao would thrive there far bstter. A letter from the Anglers' Society was read, directing the attention of the coun cil to the fact that a paper-mill was about to be erected near Prince's Bridge, and suggest ing that steps should he teken to prevent the lagoon from the mill draining into the Yarra, there being nothing bo destructive to fish as this. The secretary was instructed to forward a letter to the Commissioner of Lond3 snd Survey upoD the subject. Mr. Brough Smyth laid upvn the table a beautiful map of the Royal Park, showing the new carriage-drive. The map has been prepared for the uie of the council, by Mr. Clement Johnstone, of the Mining Department, and Mr. Walter Madden of the Lands Department. A vote ot thanks was unanimously passed to these gentlemen for their kindness. Mr. Dobson suggested that measures should be taken to Import lobsters fiom Europe, and the secretary was Instructed to write to Mr. Frank Buckland on the matter. Dr. Black mentioned that he had been Informed that a herd of upwards of eighty deer had been lately seen on the ranges, and also that In one paddock, about twenty miles from town, eight hares had been seen together. The secretary reported that four angora kids had been dropped, and Mr. Cbarsley had presented the society with six fine wallaby, for which the council passed a vote sf thanks. One of the most turbulent public meotings ibat hove taken place for a long time In this colony came off at Campbell's Creek, on Satur day evening. The meeting had been summoned in the Interest of the supporters of the Ministry ; and a resolution approving of the Ministerial policy, and condemning the abstructiveness of tho Council, was declared carried, although the decision of the chairman was questioned. The local journals describe the scene from the political points of view from which they re spectively observed it. Botb, however, agree as to tbe faet of the unprecedented rowdloese of the assemblage. The Daily News, which claims a decisive victory for the Ministerialists, thus de scribes the opening of tho proceedings: — "The meeting, according to the public announcement of the chairmen of tho rood board, was for the ratepayers of Campbell's Creek only ; and thoy were Invited to come forward and discuss tho question of the crisis. Shortly beforo 8 o'clock, S however, the time fixed for the meeting, a num-: ber of cabs from Chewton and Castlemalne drove up to tbe FIvo Ftogs hotel ; and It presently became quite evident that the opposition bad made the most perfect arrangements to pack the meeting. Two well-known Chewton cabmen took up a prominent place In front of the platform, and others took up positions In various parts of the room. Mr. Pat terson presently showed himself, and then, before the chairman of tbe road board, who had convened the meeting, had an oppor tunity of ascending the platform, Mr. Slattery, . of CasUemaine, was moved into the chair. So rapid was the movement that we are unable to ' say whether even a show of hands was asked for or given. Thoroughly taken aback by this un looked-for movement, there was a pause until Mr. Hays, the convener of tho meeting, came 1 upon the platform, when It was formally moved, seconded, and carried, 'that Mr. Hays be i chairman.' Nw commenced a scene which almost baffles description, a scene such as wo hope has seldom been witnessed at any public meeting in this country. Mr. Slattery refused to vacate tbe choir, and both he and Mr. Hays were for some minutes violently gesticulating to the people; but not a word of what they said wes i flvdlble, even t# the reporters. In the meantime; two or three stond-up fights were going on | below, and every now and then wo heBrd loud cries for ' Patterson.' But Mr, Patterson stood there calmly surveying the storm ho had In- i voked, and permitting his mob to tyrannise by mere force of lungs and bruto strength, over a local meeting called together for calm and legi timate discussion. Presently sotno one seized Mr. Slattery from behind, and carried him forcibly from tho chair, which Mr. Iloys then took possession of. There were loud cric3 for Mr. Slattery to como back, and Mr. Slnttery carao back and attempted to rjsct Mr. llsycs. when the latter taking Slnttory by tho shoulders thrust him headlong off tho platform. This was the signal for e general mtlee . A man named Abcrdeon, who nppeared to havo some personal grudge agalcst tbo Mail, declaring that they had written ilea about him, singled out tho pro prietor and one of the reporters of that paper, and two out of the throe struck out right »nd eft ; on tho other side of the platform tho battlo was wnged quite as fiercely between the men of Castlemalne and Chewton, and tho Creek. Aberdeen, who Is very littlo belter than a lunatic, was at last overpowered by a policeman, who was colled to the rescue — Campbell's Creek, ws may observe, appears to havo but one con servator of tho pence — and lie wee token out of the room ; and after the other combatants had squared their accouuts, or called a Iruco, Mr. Hoys, who retained the chair, essayed to get a hearing." Aberdeen was brought up at lbs police court on Monday morning, and fined 5s. for being drunk, 40s. far resisting the police, 20s. medical attendance required by the apprehending constable, and 5>. for cab hire. Tbe M. A. Mail aays that to Ub tblnking the meetiug was decidedly anil-Ministerial, and feels sure that if tbe room had hecn divided, its opinion would bs justified by the event. A number of cases were disposed of In the County Court yesterday. In Lees v. the Glpps Land Steam Navigation Company, the plaintiff sought to recover L10, Iobs alleged to be sus tained through detention of one of tbe com- nanv's steamers bevond the advertised liuic ; but he was unable to provo his case, and woe non suited. Wright v. Austin was a ease in which the plaintiff, tho proprietor of a dancing-room and casino In Baurko street, sought to recover LID that bo hail paid to defendant for five casks of beer, which It was contended were bad and not equal to warranty. For tbe defendant it was alleged that the beer was only sold for L3 per cask, whereas good beer was wotth LG or L7 per cask ; and that there was no warranty given with the beer. The Court nonsuited the plaintiff. In Georgeson v. Patterson the plain tiff sued tbe defendant for L1613s. 41., rent for some photographing premises In Collins street; but as there was a question of disputed title, the Court refused to enter into the case, and non suited this plaintiff also. Tim General Assembly of New Zealand has voted a sum of LuOOO for the reception of tho Duke of Edinburgh. On tho Gth Mr. Stafford moved an address to his Excellency the Governor, expressing sympathy with hltn In his present position, and tendering him tbe good wishes of the House. The committee of the Victorian Regatta meet this evening nt Garton's hotel, to elect a sub-committee, and to draw up the programme for the ensuing senson. An inquest hat been held respecting tho recent fire Bt Mr. Chalk's farm at Caiisbfook. The jury's verdict was that tho fire had been wil fully and maliciously caused, with a rider sug gesting, to tho Government the propriety of supplementing the reword offered by Mr. Clnlk for tho apprehension of tho incendiary. The Gothenburg has brought us later intelli gence from the various ports of tho middle Island of New Zealand. Our latest date from Ilokiilka la the lOtli Inst. A petition signed by 2G00 residents has been prepared for presenta tion to tbo General AEBembly, praying for tbe separation of Wcstland from the province of Canterbury. Tho New Zealand Government having Issued a proclamation announciog that tho landB within " the triangle" ot Hokltiki would be sold at a fixed price, the person in pos session to have the pre-emptive right, a public meeting took place in opposition to the sale on the terms proposed. Subsequently Mr. Bonar, tho Goldfields Secretary, notified that the legal holders ef sections under the goldfields regula tions might have their lands put up to publie auction, with the value of their Improvements added. Another daring attempt made by a con vict to escape is recorded as having occurred on the 9th. A prisoner named John Hartley, who had been working In a gaog in the bush, sud denly threw down his tools and darted off. He was pursued and fired nt, one bullet striking him on tbe head, but indicting only n superficial wound. Ultimately, after a long chase, be wae captured. Mr. J. A. Bonar had been elected to the seat In the Provincial Council vacant by the re.'lgnBtlon of Mr. T. L. Bright, by a majority of fifty-seven over Mr. Prosser. The gold- fields news is of no particular interest. From Greymouth our files extend lo the 7th. A rush is reported to a locality known ns Nelson's Creek, but the diggings do not appear to be turning out satisfactorily. Tbe body of a man supposed to have been murdered had been found ot the Butler. The remains have bsen identified as those of a Swede who had been " knocking about" the district for some time. His mates were suspected of haviog murdered him, but they had not been apprehended. Tbe Criminal Sessions for tbe present month were concluded yesterday. Tbe only lmportnnt coses were either postponed or struck from the list. Emily Smith, who had been committed for tilal for Infanticide at St. KUdn, was discharged; as was a man named Hearn, accused of criminal assault. The case of Galvin, for manslaugbter, will come before the next General Sessions. A report will be found In another column. The foundation Btono of a new English Church wee laid at Sevastopol on the lGth, by tbe Via. Archdeacon Stretch. The edifice will he dedi cated to tho Holy and Undivided Trinity. Tbe police havo been Informed that a young man named Joseph Stephenson, aged twenty- two yeare, residing with bis father in Hill street, Maldsteno, has been missing from his home since the 27th of lost month. He was in a very dejected state of mind at tbe timo he was last seen, on account of not hciDg able to procure employment, and fears are entertained for his safety, Howaa formerly In the service of Mr. Scurson, Inspector of schools, and Mr. Blair, chemist. Mr. Julius Vogel, one of Ihe representatives of Otago in the General Assembly, and who is evidently considered by a certain class of colonial politicians the bright particular star of the Opposition, has, according to a correspondent of the Nelson Evening Mail, a satelile in the per son of a member named Campbell. The func tions of this gentleman In relation to bis chief ore thus described " His duties, besides being . in constant attendance, do not appear to bo very j heavy, but he certainly peiforma them most conscientiously. They appear to be as follows : To watch with a wrapt attention thnt betokens unbounded admiration tbe Inspired counten ance of his great chief, as he mokes his fierce attack on tho occupants of the Treasury bencbeB ; to cry out so soon es he gets his cue, ' Hear heBr' In nn approving lone of voice ; to become perfectly hysterical when the planet gives vent to what these two appear to havo decided before hand should be considered as o capital joke ; and last, but certainly not least, to Interpret any corrections that hon. members may wish to make to what falls from his honoured master. To fully appreciate tho ludicrous scenes that sometimes takes place on these occasious, you must understand that Mr. Vogel is rather hard of hearing, so that, In addition to his other multifarious duties, Mr. Campbell has to act as a conductor of sound. Now, unfortu nately, this conductor has an Impediment In his speech ; so that under these circumstances, you may easily imagloe that by the time nn explana tion or correctl-n tendered by the Premier or any other member has been retailed by Mr. Campbell, and reached its final destination In Mr. Vogel s brain, It has about as much claim to originality as Paddy's celebrated fowllng- pfece, which was ' the self-same gun his grand father had shot with, barrio' the thrffiln' altera- tions of a nowIodTBtrTrTr15 I Vogel immediately proceeds' in It M ho fancies has been said, and "8 quence completely mystifies ' " 6lu"l co. « Including the satellite, and evc ' W himself must hi exnu-iul if K'eitiJ-. 'ifl U i becomes a littlo hazy." D BUcb 011 oct® A coroner's Inquest was hoi,? 9 Hamilton, on tho body of a n\ , n '''S.lll named Anne Sophia Jones thl T" "i i| blacksmith, >ho had died after an in 1 sllltt»f»M eight hours. It being sucgcstetU 01 been caused by poison, thcinqUESt1 'U,,;'itlH pending a post- mortem exiuilnatll The councils of the two n.ii / have decided upon giving a l">nn4' on the arrival of the Duke of S", ?l 6 « Duntdln papers to the 3 d .rl t0 S\ ! Gothenburg, but thoy are slogullrlv Interesting Intelligence. C3"tutt( The Rev. Dr. Bee' nf q„,i„. this evening In tho South Yarra' Church, on " St. Andrew, Pairnn'.1611'' Scotland." 'tot t Tbe Melbourne Philharmonic rwi.i their third subscription concert for ti E'!l St. Georgs's-boll last night, Th« at" lected for performance were llan.lel'?"3 1!' (t Acls nud Qalntoft" &nd; » C4Di Tho soloists on the occasion were ml?,!'"'1' Mr. Donaldson, Mr. Angus, and Mr ni , J Tho solo music of both pieces was laillvr!"?'1' but Miss Morlley appeared tob-le s w than usual. In " Ads nnd GalaUa" ! "As when tho dove" in good ..'J also tho solo, "Must I, my j6 but sho was heard to much Li ' vantage In "He rung DaUu; Rre' r good" in "Alexander's Feast." Mr D u" acquitted himself very creditably In both S Decidedly hla most succossfulellbrt wa< ft,'" "Softly aweet In Lydinn meaiuro » aang really well. Mr. Angu,' prioci j 1 "O ruddier than the cherry," which be with some spirit and expression. The )! , were at times rather uneven, nnd this o !U" ntnlltr rtMlncoMo U kimiij AUIBj" DUt IQ ( ander's Feast" they wore much nearer th. „ and " Happy, happy pair," » Butch, 1 fair," and " Tho many rend the sk'cs » given steadily and well. Tho Instrument," tlon of the concert was cx:ellcnt. The! was full and complete. The syinphony » accompaniment with the obac, trampit p rionot, and drum, which follow "Thepti|„, Bacchus," were very effective. Mr. Davij r.' as usual, officiated as conductor. "V A concert is announced to ba gUej ..»B Etst Colilngwood Rifles at their ordeilj.Ll corner of Victoria parade and Powlett streeLfial orening. "« 