REMARKABLE STORY OF MISTAKEN IDENTITY. IN the month of March, 1858, the dead body of a man was found floating in the Clyde, somewhere above the bridges, and taken to the Humane Society's Receiving HOUSE, where it lay for identification. It curiously happened at this very time, that two men went missing in Glasgow, the husbands respectively of Mrs. S. and Mrs. T. A gentleman, a friend of the latter woman, knowing of the strange absence of Mr. T., called at the dead house to look at the corpse of the drowned man, which was considerably decomposed, and could only be identified by marks not wholly dependent on corps road preservation. After a minute inspection, this gentleman came away convinced that the body was unquestionably that of Mr. T., to whose wife or widow he communicated his conviction. Unwilling, however, to believe that her husband, either by accident or design, had come to such an- end, the woman declined at first to visit the dead-house for the purpose of of setting the matter at rest. But the propriety of her doing so was presented to her in so strong a light that she at length consented to accompany her friend, although she still hold out against the possibility of the dead body being that of her husband. She could not, of course, be otherwise than satisfied of the truth of her belief when, on arriving at the dead-house, it was found that the corpse had been already claimed by the other woman On the body of her husband, who had also gone missing. This put an end, for the time, to the more serious side of Mrs. T.'B anxiety, and she returned home, therefore, comparatively comforted her relief, however, being the measure of the apparently authentic widow's grief. It will serve to show the certainty of this woman as to the identity of the corpse she had claimed and taken home when we mention that she applied for and received six or seven pounds of funeral money from the Liver Society, of which her husband had been a member. The remains of the man were buried in due course, and the widow mourned as for the death of one whom she could never again behold. Little did she or her friends dream of the remarkable manner in which the genuineness of her sorrow was to be speedily tested. in these days, no person or posts to see of gliOBt neither did Mrs. S. export to see one shortly after the funeral of the drowned man ; but if for one awful moment about this time she was under the impression that she saw the ghost of her husband, she might well be excused, for that husband, in propria persona, did actually one evening upon the door of his own house and walk quietly into the presence of his really terrified wife. The case now stood thus : As the body which had been buried was not that of the person it was presumed to be, and it was still otherwise unclaimed, the question arose Might it not, after all, have been the corpse of Mr. T., whose wife was unwilling to believe that her husband was dead? Probability was certainly in favor of such a presumption and the gentlemen whom we had mentioned as having inspected the body of the drowned man, and who was personally acquainted with Mr. T., returned to his original belief, holding it more tenaciously than ever, as to the identity of the corpse. Naturally, of course, the arguments which Mrs. T. formerly reported as inadequate, now received some color of authenticity from the new circumstances. We shall briefly refer to those arguments which, as will be seen in the sequel, was curious in a threefold sense. In the first place, the husband of Mrs. T. was of short stature and stout, so was the husband of the other woman-and so was the body of the drowned men. In the next place, Mrs. T.'B husband were, when he disappeared, a nook Bones of a certain pattern the husband of the other woman wore an exactly similar scarf-and so did the body that was picked from the Clyde. Again, Mr. T. was known, when he left home, to have one of his boots patched in a peculiar manner ; one of the hosts of the other woman's husband was also patched in the same style and of the boots worn by the dead body, one of them was patched exactly like that of the other two. These triple coincidences were, however, rather curious than marvellous or convincing as arguments. Thousands of men are short and stout; thousands of men wear cravats of a similar pattern and thousands of men wear the boots in the same manner, and are therefore obliged to have them patched in similar style. Another small coincidence may be added. Mr. T. was known to have been a regular reader of Reynolds' Miscellany, and a copy of that periodical was found in the coat pocket of the drowned man when he was taken from the river. But all such facts put together, used as arguments, must ever be inconclusive in cases so serious as the identity of a human body. The most singular coincidence in the present affair, however, remains to be indicated. We have already said that the body wasagooddcaldocomposod. This was particularly true of the face, but other parts were better preserved, and especially the left hand, the thumb of which at the hall was unusually enlarged. Now, this was a particular feature of T's left hand, and when the gentlemen whose connection with the affair we have already mentioned went to view the body, one of the first things he did was to examine the left hand to see what side of thumb was there. His surprise and grief were great indeed when he discovered this remarkable feature on the hand of the dead man, which at once convinced him that the body he saw there was that of his, friend. But here again begins the singularity of the matter. The husband of the other woman had also an exaggerated thumb, and it was in fact portly, if not wholly, by this mark that she identified the body as that of her missing partner. Thus, then, the return of the one husband, as above detailed, proved that he at least had escaped a watery grave I while the continued absence of the other husband greatly strengthened the probability that the corpse claimed and buried under another name, and on account of which funeral money had been received, was the body of Mr. T. TIICBO incidents, as already stated, occurred in the spring of 1858. Eight years after Mrs. T. consented to marry a second time. But even then, in order to dissipate the possibility of doubt, the widow, before the marriage, visited her first husband's relatives in Ayrshire, to make sure that they know or had heard nothing of the long-nosed man. They assured her that they were as absolutely in the dark as herself regarding the fate of their friend. This was enough. She returned home to Glasgow satisfied, was married to Mr. M., her second husband, in the beginning of April last, and up till within two months ago, was living happily with him. About six or eight weeks since the husband, who was supposed, and not without fair circumstantial evidence, to have been drowned in the Glyde, presented himself suddenly in Glasgow. The effect of his coming may be imagined. The surprise was, however, speedily over on the one side, and it was soon the absentees turn to be surprised when, in reply to a question, he was informed that his wife was certainly living, but married to another man. The returned husband and his wife-a wife in a double sense-had of course an interview. It was a peculiarly cruel position for the wife, who had for so many years toiled and suffered, and only at the last moment got into something like smooth water. The question will naturally occur Where was the husband all this time? Simply in England, quietly pursuing his trade, and, we may presume, living a comparatively comfortable life. We say nothing about his motives for such conduct, although we have learned something about them ; but the mere fact of such a prolonged absence in the land of railways, post offices, and telegraphs, without communicating to his wife or friends a single syllable as to his whereabouts, hoB by no means a comely appearance. The wife has twenty defences, but for such conduct on the part of the husban.". there seems no defence whatever. Who the man was whose body was found in the Clyde, and who' so closely resembled two other men then alive, is likely to remain a mystery for ever Glasgow Herald. The speaker who was " drawn out" measured eighteen inches more than before. 