INTERCOLONIAL NEWS.' PER the Lady Young wo havo files of tho S. M. Herald to tlie 6th instant. THE CHAIRMAN OF COMMITTEES.-It will bo seen by our parliamentary report that the Go- vernment have not succeoded in putting Mr. Tighe in tho chair1 of .committees. Mr. Robert Bon's amendment in favor of Mr. Garrett was carried. Tho divisions on this quostion aro curious and suggestive. Had Mr. Tigho voted in the first division for adjournment, the matter would havo stood over until to-dny, when, it is said, his election would havo boon certain. The Hon. the Fromier announced at tho outset, that tho Government did not intend to troat the quostion as one involving spooial Ministerial re- sponsibility. THE POSTAL SEBYIOB.-In tho Legislativo Assembly, yesterday, Mr. Parkes gave notice that on Wednesday, July 10, he would movo, "That this Houso approves of tho agrcomont entered into by tho reprosontativos of tho Aus- tralian colonies at the Postal Conference hold at Melbourno, as ombodied in cloven resolutions moved by Mr. Parkos, and odoptod on tho 12th Maroh, and tho memorial to Her Majesty, adoptod on the 18th Maroh. That the foregoing resolution bo communicated by address to His Excolloncy tho Governor." WHERE IS COLUMBIA?-Yostorday oveuing, tho Postmastor-Gcneral laid upon tho tablo of the Legislativo Counoil a dospatch from the Socrotory of State, notifying that Her Majesty had entered into a " Treaty of Commerco with the President of tho United Statos of Columbia." This evidently raised a gravo geographical ques- tion in tho minds of sovoral of the mombers present, as oould bo roadily seen by their coun- tenances. Even the Poatmaster-Gonoral ap poarod tb bo aware that it was rather a tough point to dooido. At length Sir William Man- ning gavo audiblo expression to what appoarod to bo uppermost in everybody's mind, and asked this point blank question, " Where is Columbia?" Vague reminisoonoos associated with the patriotic air of "Hail, Columbia!" possibly suggested tho idoa that it might bo somo new appollation of the "United States of America," j?ar excellence; but Captain Towns gavo tho matter quite anothor aspcot by boldly expressing his bolief that it might bo probably tho North American colony of " Columbia that the Sooretary of State was writing about. Tho astuto logal mind of Sir William demurred to this solution of tho difficulty, not boing ablo to soo how, oven in tho presont day, Her Majosty could be reasonably expootod to ontor into a "treaty" with her subjects, however distant they might bo from the seat of her Government. The Postmaster-Goneral assured Sir William that " the United Statos of Columbia" consti- tuted a nationality Bomewhoro down in South America, and having examinod the despatoh and its enclosures with considerable curiosity, Sir William appoarod to bo gradually convinced of that important fuot. STRANGER IN THE HOUSE.-TllO following is the exordium of tho spcooh in tho oourso of delivery, yostorday, in the Legislative Assembly, when Mr. Windoyer directed the attention of Mr. Speokor to "Strangers in tho Houso": " Mr. Speaker, tho hon. lnombor for Central Cumberland has got so infatuutod that ho barks at any bito, and shows his noso ot anything liko a ghost. It is a most remarkable thing, Mr. Speaker, that the hon. mombor is not to bo hold. You can't got him nt anything. What am I to do? I am a Govornmont supporter booauso, forsooth, I ask you, knowing the stato in which you havo boen swoatod thoro, in that ohair, and sooing tho way thoy aro going on with him 1 I respoot you. I will not seo you murdered. But boro ho is ; because, forsooth, I ask a question ho turns round and says, I'm one of tho Government rags ; one of tho Government tripe coves-bullook and lights, or anything OIBO. Ho wants to make a mass of muck of my name. I do not caro for tho Government or him. I am such a sort of in fatuatod fool that I don't caro for înysolf or anybody olso. In this question I was not ad- vised nor was I roquostcd by the Govornmont to take tho quostion of the vacant Houso or tho want of mombors, but whon I soo a man liko that is, that wants to havo his eye tooth drawn out, or cut out, or somothing else, and put into a stato of being eivilised, or somo- thing of this kind, why, any lion, member as feels his dignity hurt by tho way in whioh this man is running down, goring and running in fine thorough bred fellows-we aro obliged to put him out-obliged to do it, and I think I am doing my duty in just stopping his gab. The bon. mombor who inovod tho motion ; there is no member in thiB houso, Mr. Speaker, so fond, I beliova, of himsolf, as* ho is. He knows it ; and I acoueo him although < ho ia tho Govorn- mont outside man. But still what does ho want to do with tho Governor? Leavo him alone. Leave Sir John alono. Why, bless my soul ! He's got a oard or somebody olso has to a food. Anybody that '11 give a feed, leavo him alone that's what I say. But theso people who usod to bo, John knows where,-(its vory well for him to gammon to bo asleep) they never used to give a feed. You know that, Mr. Speakor, as woll as I do." Tho reporters and other " strangers " wero hero orderod to withdraw, and, the Noaobian operation having boen per- formed, in regard to tho hon. mombor's oratory, his stylo of spoaking was 'called in question, whereupon it is said that the remonstrant was threatened with tho vigorous application of a big stick. The Adolaido correspondent of tho S. M. Eerald sends that journal the following outline of the vice-regal speech at tho opening of Parliament:-"The last session of the fourth South Australian Parliament was opened to- day (Friday) by the Govornor. The Speooh, aftor referring to the proceedings against Judgo Boothy, promises to introduce a comprehensive measure for affording sufficient relief and en- couragement to the pastoral tenants of the Crown ; then refers to the unfair treatment of this colony by its neighbors in reference to the Murray duties question, and .expresses a hope that satisfactory arrangements will bo mado ; it Îiromises fresh laws and regulations respecting casing mineral lands ; it announces the intro- duction of bille for a railway from Forrester's northwards, with branches eastward to Redruth, and westward towards Claro, and tho new line from Lacepede Bay to tho boundary, with branches to Narrcoote, and thence, via Penola, to Mount Gambier and Port Macdonnell. Capitalists aro to be invited to eonstruot tho lino of railway from Port Augusta and Port Paterson to a point at least 200 miles north- ward, on grant of interest by Govornmont for a term of years." The Melbourne correspondent of the S. M. Herald says :—" The three children lost in the bush at Daylesford have not yet been found. A public meeting was convened by the Mayor, and the result was that the shops were all closed and 700 of the inhabitants turned out, under experienced bushmen, and scoured the country for miles, but their search is as yet vain—they have not given up." The Bathurst correspondent of the Herald sends the following telegrams :-"A shocking accident, caused by the misbehaviour of a drunken scoundrel, occurred on the river last Thursday night. It was 6 o'clock and dark, when the boat built by Cobb and Co. was en- gaged in conveying the mails and parcels brought by the coaoh across the river. There were a number of people waiting to be ferried over from the Kelso side; and, against the wish of the person in charge of the boot, seven or eight of these jumped in, and amongst them a drunken ruffion who, seeing a female in the boat, stood on the gunwale, and commenced rocking it from side to side, despite all entreaties. The boat was very deep in the water, the sides being not more than a few inches above its level. When the centre of the stream was reached, an extra lurch given by the fel- low turned the boat completely over, and the passengers were precipitated into the river. All were saved but two-Mr. Caples and Mrs. Croft-who were drowned, and though the river has been dragged all day, their bodies have not been recovered. There has been another life lost in the river to-day (Friday). John Heath, a saddler, went with a companion to the George-street Falls on horseback, and endea vored to cross tho river; he got half way, and his horse grew restive and threw him ; he landed on a sand-bank, up to his middle in water, but his horse continued struggling, and knocked him into a deep channel, where he was seized by the current and carried away. He swam well for about fifty yards, and then disappeared. His body has not been found nor have those of the two persons drowned on Wednesday night." CAPTAIN CADELL'S EXPEDITION.-Wo toko tho following from the South Auitralian Chronicle of Juno 22:-"Tho following aro oxtraots from letters written by a mombor of Cnpta'n Cadell's party, dated Brisbane, April 10, 1867:-'Tho vossol (Euglo stoamor) is lying down the rivor fiftoon miles, as Cadoll is frightened of his mon get.ing on tho spreo or running away. Cadoll is not the man to havo idlers about. I hove a small opinion of tho oxpoditiou, as I do not soo how a small party liko us aro to go into a hostile country and go the distanco ho talks of. Ho has only thvoo Btookmon, a survoyor, and o dootor. Altogothor about sovon mon will comprise tho land party. Cadell knookod tho sailing- mastor kioking off tho bridge coining down Sydnoy Harbor, discharged tho steward, and Booms a Tartar gonorally. Tho En gio is a slow boat, with bad ongincs that stop at ploasuro ¡ BIIO is foarfully lumbered, and to go aft you havo to got through tho horsos, over tho bridge, and a pilo of hay bales at tho imminont danger of falling overboard. Sho looks badly, and wo had to pump lior in o hurry at New- castle. Tho crow aro dissatisfiod, and would all leavo if they oould." Wo also have tho follow- ing extract of a lotter written at Olovoland Bay, and datodMay, 1867 :-"I foar tho Eagle ex- pedition will bo a failure All tho crow aud officers woro siok of it boforo she loft Olovoland Bay. Cadoll lost his sailing master, stoward, and two of tho hands. Ho did not fill thoir places. The carpontor and cook woro both takon to soo against thoir will, and wantod to go to gaol instead. Wo havo only threo bush mon in tho expedition, and one is a boy."-Wo do not know the name of the writor of thoso extraots, and give thom for what thoy aro worth, without attaching much woight to thom. THE AUCKLAND EXECUTIVE.-A Nativo Chief Appointed.-The Provincial Gazelle con- tains tho notico of tho appointment of throo now members of the Executive, John Anderson Gilfillan, Esq., William RQWO, Esq., and Paora Tuhaoro, Chiof of the Ngatiwhatua. In alluding to tho latter appointment, wo givo tho prosont Suporintondontorcdit for havingpraotically takon tho best possiblo inothod for proving to tho Maoris tho sincerity of tho dosiro on the part of tho colonista of this province to livo on poaco ful terms with thom, and to admit thom to a shara of tho govornmont of tho province We aro glad also to know that the Maoris them- selves appreciate the intention of His Honor. Faoro Tuhaoro, or, as ho is bettor known, per- haps, to our roadcrs as Paul, of Orakct, has boon frequently roquestod by tho General Go- vernment to aot under them, but ho had per- sistently rofuBod, saying that ho had no faith in tho intontionB of tho Goneral Govornmont to- wards his roco. On tho proaont occasion, how ovor, he willingly aocopted tho oflloo of aiding with his advico and conferring with the Suporin tondont and Exóoutivo Council in affairs re- lating to the native people in the pvovinoo of Auokland. Another notiooablo feature appoars in the gazettes lately isauod, and thac is, that in all matters interesting to tho nativos, tho same have boon printed in Maori as w oil as in English.-2V. Z. Eerald. An interesting itom of local industrial pro- gress is roportod by tho Bendigo Independen/ ¡ -" Messrs. Gouge and Sibloy forwardod, on Thursday, to Melbourne, by rail, upwards of oight tons of solo loathor, proparod at thoir tan- nery, intondod for transmission to Europe. This speaks woll for the ontorpriso of tho firm, and also for our district, which can supply an article of tho description that will find a market in tho old country." NOT BO DRUNK.-A few evenings ago, when our stroots wore submerged by the lato heavy rains, two minors, who hnd quarrelled ovor their oups, essayod to " fight it out " in tho opon space botwoon the Camp Hotel and George street, Gronfoll. Thoy woro duly waited on by two friends, ono holding a bottlo, and tho othor a lightod lamp. A few rounds had boon regu- larly fought, amidst tho downpour of rain, and both tho belligerents had measured thoir respec- tive sizes in the guttor, when one oxolaimod " I say, Fred, I can't moko out this gamo you're so slimy I oan't hold on to you." " Nor mo, Joo," responded tho othor, " my eyes aro so full of muok that I oan't soo where to hit you ; Bupposo wo put it off till morning ?" This suggestion, so roasonablo, undor the cir- cumstances, was at onco accepted, and tho friends took thom from the scono of action without further olamor.-Lachlan Reporter^ SQUATTING IMPROVEMENTS.-Mr. JosophBon is about to shoot wator, as wo hoar, by moans of a stoam-ongino to his back run at Yanda, into an iron pipo, having a descent for some eight or ton miles back, a work, wo should think, hardly necessary this eeason of superabundant floods. Pastoral Times. ' The Age remarks :-" The man who stole a meeting-house," was not a patch upon the man who bought a bran spanking new church worth £700, and the Crown grant of the land upon which it was erected, for a couple of pounds. Yet such a man is Timothy Macnamara, whilom of Belfast, now of Kirkstall. "Sure an' its my luck now," must have been Tim's response to the congratulations of his neighbors at such a windfall. " A meetin'-house is a respectable kind of property to have round," no doubt, but not quite the thing to use as a potato store. But as Tim was not able to keep a preacher of his own, nor preach in it himself, he did the next best thing, appropriate it to his household gods- the praties. Great must have been the com- motion and dire the distress in Kirkstall when Tim, armed with his Crown grant, and a few rowdies, drove out the congregation from the church when assembled for worship on the Sabbath day. "Sacrilege, sacrilege," cried the worshippers. But Tim had no scruples of conscience. A bargain's a bargain ; and as possession is nine points of the law, Tim thought a better opportunity than when all Kirkstall was assembled could not be chosen to show that he was the man in possession. It was nothing to him that the Government had committed a mistake. "Be gorra, there's no mishtake about me," said Tim, and he stuck to the meeting house and has had possession of it eighteen months, and continues in possession. That so serious an error should have been com- mitted by the Department of Lands as to sell a church in which the Wesleyans heve wor- shipped for the last ten years, for a couple of notes, is almost incredible, but that redress has not been given for the mistake is more incredible still. The explanation given by Mr. Grant to the deputation which waited on him, on Friday, is an aggravation of the error, and contrasts somewhat unfavorably with the exemplary patience displayed by the Wesleyan body under such an injury. THE DINGO.-Everything in nature, philoso- phers tell us, has its use, ond we (Pastoral Times) now discover the use ef the dingo, or native dog, in the inoreaso of the kangarooB, whose oube the ounning dingo had " stomach for them oil." Amongst the passengers brought by tho Charles Edward to Port Albert, the other day, wera five aboriginal females from Western Australia, in tho oharge of the Rev. Mr. Hage- nauer, named respectively Ada, Norah, Rhoda, Emily (a halfe- caste), and Elizabeth. Tho Gipps Land Times furnishes some very interesting particulars respecting the party--"Two of the natives aro proceeding to the mission Btation, ' Rumohyourk' (our home), to be married to Christian aboriginals of tho Tarra tribe. One of the bridegrooms select, whoso name is James Matthews, was found by Mr. Hagenauer, about six years ago, in Dr. Hedloy's paddock, on the Tarra, in nearly a naked condition, and almost wild. He is botter known in Port Albert, whither he used often to wander for the purpose of begging, as James Pitcher, Ho subsequently joined the station, and is now a respectable, industrious man, working steadily and perseveringly at agricultural pursuits. He received the rite of baptism from the Rev. A. G. Campbell, of Goo- long, at the opening of the aboriginal church, Lake Wellington. By his influence all tho males of the Tarra tribo havo boon induced to go up to tho mission station. Mr. Hagenauer having found great diflloulty in finding suitable help matos for tho mon-aa by the native oustom it was necessary to fight for a wifo-hit on the happy oxpodient of exchanging portraits with the Christian nativos of Westorn Australia, which has rosultod in the contemplated marriago of two of that tribo to two of tho Tarra tribo. Ono of tho party, Botsy, or Elizaboth Flowor, is an accomplished and highly oducated lady. She was adoptod by tho Govornmont rosidont of King Goorgo's Sound, and with his family has niado- a tour of tho colonies. At Albany, sho not only passed a creditable examination in tho Government sohool, but actod as organist in the English ohuroh iu that town. Sho is now going to toko hor post as governoss at tho mission station." A NEW PEST.-Having dostroyod tho dingo, wo aro now troubled with tho formidable oaglo hawks on tho Lower Edward, which go about in Bwarma, destroying tho young lambs. Im- mediately thoy BOO the owo Ho down to lamb thoy watch for the latter and destroy it im- mediately. Mr. Gwynno ltoops mon to shoot or olhorwiso kill tho now oll'ondors.-Pastoral Times. Tho New Zealand Gazelle of Juno 15 states that, in order to enablo tho difforont soils in Now Zealand to bo ohomioally analyBod and tho rosults published, it is roqucstod that samplos of soil may bo forwarded to Dr. Hcotor at the Colonial Museum, Wellington. AB the subject is ono of considerable importance to farmors and othors in thiB provinco, tho in- structions givon in tho Gazette aro publishod in full :-" Attontion is rcquostod lo tho following iustruetious by persons contributing samples of Boils to tho Colonial Museum for the purpose of boing chemically analysed : Tho quantity trans- mitted should not bo loss ti mu BÍX pounds weight of surfaoo soil; two pounds.woight of Biibsoil. Tho Biirfoco soil should bo solcotod freo from vootB and undooomposod vogotablo matter, and of uniform quality, gathorod in sovoral equal portions from differont partB of tho field, and from two hiohos bolow tho sur- faoo. Tho sub-soil should bo taken in tho samo mannor from a depth of twolvo inohos. Small speciinous of iron-pan, solo, or othor concre- tionary bands thot may ocour in tho soil i Bliould bo forwardod in a soparato parcel. Each samplo of soil should bo carefully soourod in a calico bag, distinctly markod "surfaoo soil" or " sub-soil," and also with tho name of tho con- tributor aud a number, the same number being usod for corresponding samplos of surfaoo and Bub-soils. A copy of tho enclosed form, distin- guished by this number, must bo fillod up with the rcquirod particulars, and transmitted along with tho Bpoeimon it rofors to. Parools and lot tors aro to be addrossod-' On Publio Sorvioo only.-Spooimons for Analysis.-Dr. Hcotor, Colonial Musoum, Wellington.' N.B. Undor no oircuinstnncos will an analysis bo mado of a specimen unless tho nocessary information is supplied, and proporly authenticated by tho Biguaturo of tho contributor." Tho following form is to bo fillod up and trans- mitted to tho Laboratory of tho Colo- nial Museum along with specimens of soil for chomical analysis :-" 1. Name of contributor. 2. Number or markB on tho specimen or Bpocimons roforrod to in this form. 3\. If tho samplo is from uncultivated land, stato tho naturo of tho vogotation, whether over or frequently burnt, whothor stookod, and for how long and to what extent. 4. If oultivatod, stulo for what poriod, the succession of crops, and naturo of prosont or last orop | also tho na- turo of tho original vogotation in tho natural stato. 6. Stato avorago depth of soil and sub- soil, aud the nature of tho formation on Which thoy rest, whothor sand, gravel, clay, liraostono, or rook, and whothor porous or bound. 6. Gonoral remarks as to tho nature of tho country, whether alluvial plains, low undulating hills, or stoop brokon hill surfaco, and any othor points that occur to the contributor. Date at which Bpocimons wero oollootod. Dato at which thoy thoy wore forwardod to MuBoum. How trans- mitted. Signaturo of contributor." 