rTIte 8vfa«vMetroiH>HtanKa&diciU;>j 'tt£« r\ _ . . .. _ _ tikb wtjtot ^bdlat *jph»J&*nd i^frkolMe'tfcafefNfr fc«lmoal*4f not <juitei m iismm """"■ #.W the pros and cons, and making their invest ments accordingly. To begin at the beginning, then, Sir. Lackey seems to have a great dread of Yattendon, and places him, as no doubt he ought to be, at the top of the list, and / when really fit, 9st. 101b. is a weight that will not trouble him for two miles, as he showed in this same race last year. However, his ability to get to the front with such a burthen entirely depends "on all: things being equal/' and as to which we shall pre sently see. Yattendon, upon every occasion out, with the exception of his performance in the Gold Cup last autumn, has shown himself j a horse possessing great speed and endurance, and I entirely attribute his defeat there to the want of sufficient preparation to enable him to stay, as his running in the All Age Stakes, one mile, showed be had lost none of hit foot. Nevertheless, if he be as fit as a fiddle on the day, 1 look upon his chance as nil on account of many of the others beiug more favourably weighted. Volunteer - has beeu too long at severe work to be got fresh enough, and Mr. Gobroft has wisely put the Sen through his name, and I cannot see that Rioter has lately proved himself to be a horse at two miles within 61b. of Volunteer's present form, or 101b. of Yattendon. Those three horses I put out of (be race, and if tbey had been out of the handicap there would have been less to find fault with. Tim Whiffler and Base of Australia are pretty evenly adjusted, Tim having the advantage, although the mare finished in 'front of | Tim in the Gold Cup, at within a pound of one another; yet some allowance must be made on account of Carter breaking his stirrup-leather, as when they again tried conclusions in the Bandwick Handicap, Tim ] gave the mare 151b. and ran her to half a leDgth. The distance, however, was only one mile and a quarter, and there is no doubt that had they gone further the weight would have told Btill more to the advantage of the Rose. I have written so much regarding my opinion of Cossack, when reviewing the Melbourne Cup weights, that it is almost unnecessary for me to say that I consider him remarkably well .in in this race ; the only thing I fear is that by September next, the horse may not be got into that fine form he displayed as a three- i year-old in the antnmn of his year. He is a very gross horse, and takes a deal of time to get him fit. Mr. Thompson knows this well, and if he does not spare him in work, I ex pect to see him with one or two others far away in front. Premier, lately in Queensland, has shown himself such a good horse at the distance, with ability to carry weight, that his owner can have no reason to complain of 8st. lib., but I have great doubts as to his being able to get up steam enough for a Metro politan. Bandwick and Brisbane are two different places. Nor has Mr. Lee any reason to complain of Gninare's weight; if she is as good a five-year-old as she was a three, her position in the weights is favourable as compared to Tim Whiffler and Bose of Australia. Bulgimbar was out of all form at the last HaDdwick Meeting,- and is just One of those horses that Vill much improve as a five-year-old should he be properly trained, but his appearance betokened a want in this respect, and until I see a change, with more corn and less work, as all the Pits ford family require, his chance of carrying off a two mile handicap must be shelved in the meantime. No one can tell what Warwick can do when really fit at the post; he has on eeveral occasions shown that he can carry weight and stay, and has also a great dash of foot; it is therefore dangerous to let him in too light in any handicap. His appearance is against him; I never' liked the brute, but they do run in all shapes, and as he had hard times of it last season, a spell this would have done him more good than that continual" try, try again" principle, without a change in the system. For these reasons I cannot have him in the Metropolitan. Exile, with 7st. 81b., quite takes the eye, and as I believe he can be got thoroughly fit when doing hiB work over Bandwick, and if not overdone, as he likes a little extra flesh, he will rattle those white stockings of his at a pace that will "astonish the Browns." And whathasBonqnetdoneto be placed in such dis tinguished company as the 7at. 41b. and the 7st. 71b. horsea ? I have heard of her, but have never seen her; nor have I the acquain tance of FiretaiL. If Birmingham, with 7st. 61b., can only ran as well in proportion as he did in the Publicans' Pone last meeting with 9st. Sib., he oughtto make the pace precious hot, bnt I am not bo anre iff bis finishing the extra half mile he is asked to do here. And Seagull, with 7st. 61b., hit est all safe above bar ut the Handicap with the exoeption of Exile. I should like to have heard what " Pegasus" thinks about this man's weight; he, lib the fat boy, does not aay much, but thinks a mighty lot I dare say, as it is one of the Mots in die Handicap, and the public have hot been slow In fihdmg it out, and invested their.cash freely. - Eainsworth is a good little horse, and handsome withaL 7st. 41b. is -'a weight he can- oarty like a bird, and -the difference between it and what hp earned'in the Publicans' Puree, whmheetruftgled so gamely with Birmfogham, will "be of far more service to htm than what it will'be to thelatter.He is, h&lrkM;, a cripple, and his leg may gOatmrytithk If he nenuwwK nss <wn itmeus, m suouui ne oorae tothenCSt he willhd "Hhtai <i$ there. turned Ismk Wont Mean OoJUt^wtlMiiri ■own horte p»dutaM*,fe» mMr # % at jUndwiok In one raoe only, XtfaWeHltitt ■ bw bett^r ^noi . , n mi wera aoffioent reaaons forhii want ofy teHfrttgvi Qui kwaeW»ai«dHi%l ylir _ _ii» portion ^ " Siik,i|iH, OMttuQMuft 3 race what weight would have hfea' allotted them P If Mr. Lackey underrated the abilities of the Hook in theJast Hold Cup, he has made a far greater mistake in this instance, especially when there was no secret made of the cause of Bylong'e show in the Leger. If Mr. Lackey goes by last performances only* then he must hare given The Barb about 7st. in the Melbourne' Cup. Beatrioe is also leniently dealt by with 7Bt. 41b., but I hare no faith in her | sometimes she goes well, and sometimes she does. not. Springbok I know nothing of; and Archer, although light enough weighted, has no chance when others as good as he are lighter. HambletonHill is another gentleman that has been underrated, and f will be amongst the first division, and should prny tbing.be wrong with Bylong, his chanbe looks second to none; his performance in fhe Metro politan Maiden Plato, beating Old England, who beat Blair Athol, that nearly beat the 'Hook in the Leger, was a game and success fully struggle, and his position in the Queen's Guineas for more than half the distance showed his fine bounding style of action. I did not consider this horse was within pounds of what he could be brought to in condition, yet he raced like a Trojan, and if he be got into good form be is well worth entrusting a fiver on. Buccaneer I don't like, even with 7st. " I do not like tliee, Doctor Fell; .» The reason why I cannot tell," dec. Pbcebe was thought a good deal of before Homebush, and although she was bowled over there, her after performances at B&ndwick; showed that her owner was not far out in lis reckoning—further than that he had not calcu lated on the effects of weight. She can go a great pace with 6st. 121b., and will b amongst them "at the end ; but Mr. Lee's other mare, Lady Kingston, keeps her quite safe with 6et. 101b., and I look upon her as very dangerous. Her racing in the Doncaster Handicap, her close proximity to Hambleton Hill and. Old England in the Maiden Plato, and her win ning the Rous Handicap, on each occasion carrying 8st., was great work for such a.little and plain-looking mare as she is. With sir months of age, and 1st. 41b. off her back, she ought to fly, and is well worth investing or for a place. Stumpy and Little Robin may be better than their names portend. " What's in a name ?" A Stumpy by any other name may go as fast for anything I know, so I will leave them alone. Emerald is a powerful horse with some turn of speed, as see bis per formance with Gunilda in the Trial Stakes. A light weight won't be of so much conse quence to him as it will be to. Sir John in the same stable, whose heart ia not quite as large as an elephant's, and I doubt if m> will even try with 6st. 21b. Hie Honour, however, has not had such an opportunity of pulling off the good thing with this pet of his, which he at one time thought him capable of doing. * The three-year-olds have but little- show with any weight early in September, more especially when so many four-year-olds 'of quality have been let in at about a slope difference only. Bylong certainly won -thi3 race last year carrying, fist* 61b., but tbeii Tim Wbifiler was the only fbpr-year-old in i£, and he was third, carryinw within a eonpW of pounds of 2st. mor^ abd there feifty a field of six altogether. ' I am, thereto^, of opinion that none of the three-yaar-olda have a ghost of a chance, in fact, I wonder at horse masters entering animals of'tbata^e'fjor a great handicap so early in the spring. > Cossack, Bylong, Hambleton Hill; Lady Kingston, and Seagull are my selebtrcms, ;and should all be fit on the day, Bylong neat' for your shirt. P.S.—Since writing the above I have just had time to read a long and laboured epistle in the Sydney Sporting Life by " Pegasus," who does not seem to relish the remarks inade by " The General" and " Peeping Tpm^ in The Australasian, as to the opinions he so hastily expressed on the Melbourne; Gyp handicap. There is a great deal of, truth in what he says about light-weight jockeys,, bit what he advances is not to the point, toe rearing, training, and taking care of tye same having nothing whatever to do in the of a handicap. What he states about Cossack and Tamworth is only a matter of individual opinion, and enough has been written qd the subject, and I am, for one, willing to let time be the arbiter. His ideas, however, that the handicappere are to he guided solely "ty public running is the most absurd xiottpb evpr advanced by a writer knowing anything eft he matter. Why, any nincompoop could lake np the public records and make a handicap, according to M Pegasus.'' This idea, I opine, will not -go down with racing-men;--Bow ever, "Pegasus" is quite welcome to his tbeoiytm far as l &m; concerned, oat l cannot allow a week to pass without expressing my •inoere ngrettWt he should have soforgone oat of tils way to expose his own weakness by picking out the word Weighers to pot an offensive construction upon it, which»!bust know in his host 1 never intended it' should oonvev. If the Kew Sonth Wales ^porting men, for whom it is well known I have always entertained the greatest nepsot, aadaWo re ceived from them reciproai feelh^ o^kM for one moment behove I w?hild make net otithe word in the senee pat opoa it by "iBsgasua," I would beeurr| iudOedjihtat a» idfy Bptfeink -tbsywifcl upon, #;iwhr who would peostibs**<*Bir ngmmsat fay taking a mean advantage of a word which nan or consfauedialatwonihefliny tmfteato an ill feeling, and if fgQOnirip .heen led astray by the mnshT"*i"» natonM faynI?MMao." thev vi«!£ m ^ ni ..y mmfyw fe.W' \\_>&-ii .'J .si€ Hmtj^ "•" ' - ■" tOpN^OMJ mitte® of ^n %bkkH fl«H pH 