LYCEUM THEATRE. The announcement during the past week that Mr W. Barlow, the great delineator of negro cliarac ter, would make his re-appearance in Sandhurst after his return from Europe, promised a good attendance at the Lyceum last night, and, although the rain which had been pouring down during the day continued to come down in the evening, there was a remarkably well attended pit and stalls, but the upper part of the house was but scantily patronised. The programme was divided into three parts, respectively called "Barlow's Drawing-room Entertainment," "Barlow's Characteristic Enter tainment," and Barlow's Negro Entertainment." In the first part Mr Barlow appeared in evening dress, and after a very well executed overture on the pianoforte, by Mr Hubert Stanley, a pianist of some note, who assists Mr Barlow in his entertain ment, Mr Barlow sang a number of sentimental and comic songs, the majority of them being new. He was encored in both the Scotch ballad of " Creep Afore ye Gang" and the comic song of "The Weepin Wilier," repeating the first and singing " The Ghost" in answer to the demand. In the second part, something similar to Miss Emma Stanley's entertainment, he was greatly applauded for his impersonation of a London fop, and the manner in which he sang a very pleasing ballad "My Old Wife and I." A Chinese song, with solo on the Japanese fiddle, he had to repeat. During the interval between the second and third parts Mr Stanley, in order to pass away the time, gave the- audience a comic song called " Shelling Peas." The remaining portion of the entertainment comprised delinea tions of negro character, " The Blue Tailed Ely " (an old favorite) and "Jersey Pride" were the best, the latter being encored. During the even ing, Mr Barlow played solos on the rock har monican, violin, &c.;, which contributed greatly to the evening's amusement. Before the close ot the performance Mr Barlow came forward and thanked the public for their attendance, and gave as a reason for his return to the colonies, that England was too cold for him and he could not make so much money there as here. Mr Barlow will appear for two more nights in Sandhurst— to-night and to- morrow. 