ABYSSINIA. Captain Speedy, formerly of her Majesty's 81st Regiment, and for some time in the service of the Emperor Theodoras, lately delivered at tbe Sydney School of Arts, two lectures on Abyssinia, illustrative of the manners and customs of the people of that country, and descriptive of the singular physical peculiarities of that comparatively unknown and extraordinary region. The attraction on the occasion was tbe greater in oonseqaence of its being generally known that Captain Speedy was a gentleman who bad re cently received a telegram from Sir Robert Napier (forwarded to him by the Governor of Ceylon), requesting bim to join the military expedition into Abyssinia for the Uben^OD .of the British subjects now detained there by the Bmyeror Tbeodorup, in cruel bondage. The. following is an online ef the leoture Captain Speedy commenced by stating that in the year 1467, a Portuguese priest, whilst journeying in Afrioa dis covered a place called An Kober, tbe inhabitants of which were a Christian people, governed by a Christian king. This led to the discovery, or rather ra-disooverv, ef tbe whole country of ' Ethiopia,' inhabited by a handsome dark olive coloured race,' for the most part professed Chris tians, but eome etill Jews. Four centuries later her Majesty Queen Victoria declared war against Theodoras, tbe sovereign of that country— a monarch who style! him self 'The Servant of the Lord, tbe eon of Solomon, the son cf David'— tbe 'King of the Sings of Ethiopia— Thtoiroos Augeost.' The cause which led to this declaration of 'war' between the United King dom and Abyssinia — for war it was — was but imperfectly known ; but there could be no doubt whatever as to its object— the liberation of the British captives, But before proceeding to explain the story of the captives he would endeavour to give them some idea of the country, and also of its inhabitants. Abyssinia was the modern name of the ancient kingdom of Ethiopia, which formerly ex tended from the Red Sea to the Equator, and from the River Nile to the Indian Ocean. Abyssinia in the present day was much less extensive, consisting only of tbe more mountainous portion of the old empire. It was situated to the south of Nubia, between the. 9th end the 16th degree of North latitude and between 35 and 'M0 degrees of East longitude, occupying the mountainous region in which the Nile rises. The principal divisions of the country were Barnagash, Tigie, Habeseh (or Amhara) Efat, Shoa, and the Galla country. Abyssinia consisted of a succession of elevated plateaux from GOOO to 10,000 feet above the level of the sea, intersected by mountainous ranges— rising up to as high as 15,000 feet. These plateaux were of various size ; some 50 miles by 20— others juEt about double that. Between these plateaux were deep valleys, the sides of which were preci pitous and almost destitute of soil. At the bottom of these valleys were huge ravines,— generally the bede of rivers. These rivers were easily fordable 'during nine months ef the year ; but during the rainy season they were either dangerous or wholly impassable. The Abyssinians had been Christians for many centuries, sinoe the time of Frumentius, A.D. 338. From tbe almost impregnable position of their country, they had been enabled to preserve their independence, and effectually to resist the arms 'and tbe religion of the Moslem. The Abyssinians were animated with an intense hatred for all Mahometans— the professors of a religion hostile to their beloved faith ana nation. They had once been partial to the English, but this partiality had been interrupted by our policy- as regarded (he Egyptian, and tbe Turks— a polity which they had failed to understand aB being not necessarily unfriendly to them. They Baid they were Christians, and we were Christians; and they also said that we backed up the Turks, whioh, to a certain extent, was true enough. They thought it unjust that the English should support, as allies, those people who were not of the same religion as were both English and Abyssinians — people who were so avowedly hostile to them. The lecturer then briefly explained how tbis misunderstanding had been aggravated by the course of action pursued between tbe two countries. In 1819 a treaty was made between the Abyssinian and tbe British Governments, the effect of whioh was to cause a certain degree of protection to be ex tended to the Abyssinian pilgrims constantly journeying through the Mahometan countries to the north of Abys tir.ia oh their way to and from Jerusalem. In 1849, Abyssinia was believed to be independent, and from tbat year to 1862, the Abyssinian pilgrims reoeived a sort of protection from the British CobsuIb, The leoturer de scribed bow this protection was withdrawn— in deference (as he was nnderstood to intimate) to Turkish, or rather Mahometan, influence — the Pasha of Yemen, in Arabia, claiming to be (titularly) the Fasha of Habeseh, or Abyssinia. This olaim was altogether a theoretical one, for the ' Turks '-(orrather the Arabian and other darkerraces professing Ielamism) had never been able te obtain any foothold in Abyssinia, although they madefrom time to time inroads on its borders, and would perhaps suooeed now amd then in capturing a frontier village, whose inhabitants they seized and .old for. slaves, Abyssinian slaves being in great request amongBt tbe Turks and Egyptians. Theodoras, the present King of Abyssinia, claimed to be a descendant of the Queen of Bheba and King Solomon, but whether he was co or not was more than the leoturer would say. Theodore was believed to be of the royal raoe, but his imme diate origin was of very humble pretentions, and he had fought his way up to his present exalted position. Captain Speedy here went on to describe some of the part played by Consul Cameron in tbe events cut of whioh the present un happy complication of affairs had arisen, and he stated that in the letter which Theodoras had written to Queen Vic toria, - that King had asked for her Majesty's alliance against the TurkB— any people professing the Mahometan religion 1 being in Abyssinia, called ' Turks.' This letter, oonoeived in rather ambiguous terms had been misunderstood and made the subject of ungenerous and inconsiderate ridicule by some portion of the English press, and of the English people. Unfortu nately the important missive -remained, for a long time, without the slightest answer or acknowledgement on the., part of tbe English Government — a alight whioh greatly exasperated the Emperor. Theodoras, a man whom the lecturer epeke of in terms that reoegnised his abilities and originally good intentions— one whose eheriehed ideas it was, not only to resist Mahometan encroachments, but to reetere to Abyssinia its ancient wider boundaries. [Captain Speedy quoted authoritative papers to show that this impolftio disinclination .-to reply to Theodoras had con fessedly been manifested ' by the English Government, and proceeded.] He reached Abyssinia in 1861, having left the seaport of Massowah (at the sooth end of -the Red Sda), and thecoe crossed that barren intervening desert whioh Was lot»t by the Abyssinians to the ' Mahometans about three centuries ago. At about sixty miles from the ooest this desert (on the present actual boundary of Abyssinia) oeased, 1 and there too had also oeased the Mahometan osnquest. Here the hilly country begso, and it was here that he {Captain Speedy) oommenoed the ascent of Taranta, He thought he had never olimbed a steeper mountain, The wad waa fearfully turns, intersected with gullies and . deep holes. White fragments of rook were also thickly strewn about, having obviously been hurled down by tbe winter torrents. Along this toilsome path, in the very bed of dried up mountain torrents, he and his three servants proceeded until he readbed the' top— about COCO feet abote the level of the sea. The difference of the climate and of the oountry here was something extraordinary. After having been In the hot and barren desert below, he Vis now passing into a comparatively level upland region, in whioh he found green grass, trees, fields of oorn, and villages. The vegetation at the foot of the mountain was meagre and sunburnt, but, as they asoended higher and higher, the foliage became more abundant — more analogous to that of the more temperate regions In .Europe. At last they passed through a dense forest of ted— a species' of cypress— and on the third afternoon after Captain Speedy had left Massowa (at the distanoe of about seventy miles), he and bis party reached the plateau of Halai. How different was this from what he had expected ! Instead of barren sand, he saw green grass for miles; here and there a dump of trees, or a copse, and gently undulating traots and hills. He taw aleo villages with beehive-shaped huts, As tbey approached Halai they saw cattle in abundanoe, and sheep in plenty. The eoenery in many of . its features reminded bim ef Devonshire. As they came on they saw an Abyssinian horaeman galloping up, dressed (as he then stood before them) in the national coatuttie of every man in Abyssinia, from the king to the peasant, He said some thing to Captain Speedy's interpreter, which he afterwards understood to be the question, 'Where do you come from?' The Interpreter eaid: 'From Jerusalem.' The man then said : ' Where are you going to?' The interpreter said: f'To King Theodore.' ' Then,' said the man, ' come with me, the Chiefs house is at your service.' So they went on with their new-found friend through a country in which there were, on either side of them, fields of wheat (in different stages of maturity) until they came to the ' Chief's house.' The name of this local chieftain was Welda Georgi, He was a dark-skinned gentleman of unprepossessing appearance with but one eye, and with a face deeply marked by the small- pox. He wore 8 not over-clean Chamar, and was himself not remarkably clean ; but he was (like all the Abyssinians) extremely polite, and when the English stranger was introduoed to him, he received him with the customary salaams, and swore ' by hiB life' that he was very glad to see him, Tbe questions and answers were repeated, the dialogue being conducted (ae before) through tbe interpreter, and then Captain Speedy was invited to go into the Chief's house. This houBe was net a very pretentious pieoe of architecture. It stood within an enclosure formed by a thorny hedge, the entire structure not being more than forty feet in diameter and thirty feet in height, with aper tures for windows, and a rudely formed doorway. The in terior of tbe house was pitch dark, 8nd fall of smoke. The chief, Welda Georgi, went to look after Captain Speedy's servants, with the mules and baggage, and the principal visitor was left to find hie way in as best he could. He could not see his way, but he hearda voice, saying in kindly tones, ' Broosie '—which he supposed meant ' Come on; ' and on he went, tumbling over a fowl, a cask, and some thing that he thought at first, was a sort of cushion, but it proved to be the body and bones of his hostesB, seated sear tbe fire in the dense smoke. He, of course, made all possible apologies in English, and the lady responded in Amharic, placing him in the Beat of honour near the fire. The old lady asked him questions, and he answered her in English — wide enough of the mark no doubt. The next thing he saw (when he began to. see in the obecurity) was his mule in the doorway, also ooming quietly in. He remonstrated ; but his servant, who spoke Arabio, told him it was the custom of the country; so he, of course, said, ' All right.' He aeked the old lady if he might smoke (it was almost a matter of self-defence), and she appeared to have no objection. He made his interpreter sit down beside him, and so he managed to get on with his new friends. The , lecturer then proceeded, in very diverting terms, to describe their dinner. First a girl came in with her hands crossed in a peculiar manner in front ef her and stud, ' Dinner is ready.' Well, the word in return was, 'Bring it in.' The servants thereupon brought in a table two feet high, and set out the repast. The table was covered with a sort of large spongy cake, made of a cereal grown in Abyssinia and called teff. This served as a tablecloth and table napkin for the use of all the guests. You wiped your hands upon it, and it was, at the end of the dinner, torn up into bits and given to the doge and fowls, so that nothing was wasted. On this were placed smaller cakes (serving by way of plates) for the various parties present. Curry, made hot with red pepper, was bronght in with what . was called ' wine,' and then grace was said, tbe grace consisting simply of an invocation of the Trinity. The grace was said by a priest who was called in for the occasion, and who wore (as all the priests do in Abyssinia) a sort of white turban. Before they began to eat they had to wash their hands — or rather to have waterponred over them; it being considered in Abyssinia a very dirty custom indeed to pat one's hands into water in a vessel, and so ' to wash. He was warned that if food was held ont to him, as an act of courtesy, he was not to touch it with his hand, but to eat it— swallowing it at once. They began dinner, and the Englishman ate rather slowly, for the curry was dreadfully hot. His host kindly encouraged him to eat, and fed him with hie own handB, Captain 'Speedy swallowing the hot morsels with tears io his eyes. What was he to do with the curry before him ? He saw what they did, and determined that he would give it away. He naid, therefore, to a good lcoking handmaid, who had brought in the wine, ' Na, Billah — (come here and eat) — ana she did. He made the same compliment to others, and so he then got rid of the dinner before him. The lecturer in this and in every other part of his address afforded great amusement by the admir able manner in which he exemplified the manners and cus toms of the people he described. Sometimes the vivid recollection of the narrator seemed completely -o extinguish his own nationality, and it was almost difficult to imagine that it was not eome intelligent exceptionally white Abys sinian who was speaking of his own distant country to foreigners with whose ideas he had somehow become acquainted. He showed the singular etiquette of all who wore the Chamar ; how it was worn when in the presence of an equal ; how, when ia tbe presence of a superior; how, when in the ' presence of a very great personage; and lastly, how, when in the presenoe of a party looked down upon with contempt. All of these (especially the last) excited much interest and amusement. He was happy to be able to say that he did not find it was considered in Abyesinia to be polite to make a noise with the mouth when you were eating,— chewing audibly was as vulgar there as it is amongst us. Those who had said that it was not so, were under a mistake, and must have been in inferior company. They brought in wine after the meal, an agreeable beverage, much in request in Abyssinia, made of fermented honey. He suspeoted it was identical with the mead or metheglinjfcnown to have been a favourite drink with oar Scaudanavian ancestors. Captain Speedy stopped a few days at Welda Giorgi's place, shooting, and then he went on to Adowa, the capital of Tigrt, on the second great ascent of oountry in Ethiopia,— the third great elevated plateau being Habescb, aleo called Amhara— names from which the entire country derives both its modern designation and tho name of its national language. The lecturer described, in animated language, the country he traversed on his journey onward to Adowa. It consisted of a well timbered, grassy region ; formed of plateaux intersected at intervals with deep valliee or ravines, — declivities which were often 2000 feet in depth. In these ravines flowed rivers who9e names he mentioned, but which the reporter waB unable to dis tinguish. These streams were of no importance as obstacles I to travellers, except during the three months of the rainy season. There was always plenty of water in Abyssinia. The climate of the upper country was temperate and healthy, bat tbe low country (between the plateaux) was extremely hot. Adowa was a town I on the banks of a celebrated river. On St. John the Baptist's Day, tbe people — men and women— resorted to the spot and bathed in the river in commemoration of the baptism of St, John ; the sexes going into the water at some distance apart from each other. . He had come on with his cortege (swelled by a number of poor pilgrims) and was provided for by an order tbat had been givai to him by the authorities for himself and for his people. He had only had to spend a dollar and a half in seven days. In Abyssinia they said they did not like to sell hospitality. If yon came to see them they were glad to reoeive you as tbeir guest ; if yen came to see the ting, then it was their duty to entertain you. At Adowa he told Hailo, the Governor, that he had come to see the oountry and to shoot. The Governor said, 'Oh, yeB; you can go where yon like.' He shewed him his letters, and when a German resident had been sent for to translate them, they were fonnd to be satisfactory. Thereupon, he had a house -assigned to him, and a oow was given him to eat. He was also supplied with a lot of cakes tod whatever else waB required by the simple cus toms of the country. As he had eaid, a number of poor pilgrims now formed part of hiB company. At first, when he set out, he had only three persons besides himself, At Welda Georgi's they had increased to twenty, and when he arrived at Adowa there were with him as many as one hundred. The lecturer then went on to describe the house in which he lived, end the first party he bad to give in it to a lot of chiefs, who came to visit him. At tbe meal raw meat was brought in and eaten. He need not say that ,^e took his part in that feed with no small repugnance. The details of the whole affair were very amusing, and ex emplified by the narrator as he went on. The report that meat was cut from a living oow and eaten in Abyssinia was not true— not true- as a - national eastom. He did not say that Bruce might not have -witieseed such an event. He had seen nothing of the sort. But they did eat raw meat— a oustom whioh had taken Us rise about three centuries ago, when one of ..their armies had been hard pressed by their hereditary enemies the Gallas. It was oontrary to the ceremonial lawk of tbe Abyssinians to eit meat nnless it was lilted as tbe Jews kill it. 1 The throat of tbe animal was out in the ' direction of Jerusalem— the knife being used with -an 'in- vocation of the Holy Trinity. Though the Abyssinians eat raw meat as quite the correot thing, they were muoh shocked at Europaans who wrald eat shellfish— such as ' - oysters, cockles, ',&c.; ' The lecturer Teoited the ourious historical tradition of the occasion on whioh the oustom of eating raw meat took its rise, but the story would be too 'long here to repeat. When he had been a few days at Adowa two Abyssinians who had been educated abroad — one of tbem at Bombay— advised ' him to pretwn. He spoke J to Hailo about it. ' Hailo said' we oould not go backj bnt 'we might go' on' whenever we pleased; and seme person behind bun made th^jocular, and not very i ' reassuring remark, that it was muoh easier to get into a rat trap than to get ont of it. He thought so too, and deotded i to go on. He went on traversing a snooesslon of elevated plateaux untl be came to where Theodore was, at Debm Tabof. It was hot the capital, bat happened to be the place where the King was stopping at that tune. The King sept to Dalberabah, or introducer to him — a plfebe bf eti quette to which gfeat importance is attaohed by the Abys sinians— the failure of a due attendance to which had had something ie do with the exasperation of the King. They passed files of hie soldiers with spears; tad shields, and swords. The Abyssinians need two kinds of swords— the shotil and the feardre— one (the shotil) was curved like a sickle (the national weapon), and the other shaped morelike ours. They wore them on tne right side, stnok out behind. As ' he came along, ' the gnards cried out, 'Endlot Adderoo!'— ' Your Majesty! Your Majesty!' The people thought' he was the brother of John Bell Joannes Bell— b tall Englishman who had been killed in the King's service, and for whom he entertained a very high regard. They had told him that the brother of John Bell had arrived, and the intelligence had pleased the King very much. On approaching the circle of guards he found King Thebdore seated on a high throne, atd every ten yards as he advanced the guards cried out, 'Your Msjesty! your Majesty !' He was told, to bow, and be did so, arranging Cbamar according to etiquette with a facility that pleaBed the King, who subsequently made an express allusion to that clrcumetanoe. On arriving within ten feet of tbe throne he was told to be seated; The King ' cross-examined him ns to where he oame from, &o.;, as before, and he was answered by Captain Speedy. The King asked him what he wanted in Abyssinia ? Captain Speedy said he be wanted to.see the country. The King Baid 'Well you can do that,' and what then t ' Captain Speedy said he should like' then to go back. , The king very graoiously said 'No, stay here, that 1 may give you a silver shield, or a horse, or some other rich present.' He was then desired to 'clothe himself'— that is to assume a more dignified disposition of his robe, and ' he agreed to stay. The Emperor Theodore, or 'king,' as he was generally called in Abyssinis, was posBeBsed of a fine oonntenance, with an aquiline nose, his complexion being of a dark olive colour, with piercing blaok eyes— the eyes (aa the Abys sinians said) of a lion. HiB height was about five feet nine inches, hie age about 49, and his beard grizzled. He was a muscular, powerfully-made man ; active in his movements — he could walk bis fifty miles in a-day ;— a good horseman— he oould throw a spear and piok it up at a gallop— and a good shot. He had a very reten tive memory for faoes ; if he had once seen a man he knew bim always, and be bad a peculiar faculty or aptitude for commanding large bodies of men. If he could suoceed in making his people regard the coming of the English as an attack upon their national existence, and as an intention to make their religion give way before Mahommedanism, the prosecution of tbe war to a successful issue would be very difficult, but otherwise it would be nothing. He was dis missed by the king, and went back to the house assigned to him, On reaching home couches were sent to him for his use, and other attentionB shewn to him. He began studying Anabatic, and eoon made progress therein, being assisted by the German missionaries resident near the King. They had been sent there aB missionaries ; but when he (Captain Spesdy) saw them, they were occupied in making gunpow der and umbrellas for King Theodore. The lecturer here digressed into a description of the national policy of the Abyssinians, and explained their mode of fighting. He said tbat they were possessed of several arts, of the know ledge and skilful practice of which they ware not without eome reason proud. They made fine linen cloth (the cbamar he wore was made there), and they made spears, swords, and shields, &c.; The King eaid, what they wanted that tbey did not make they could always buy from the English. Theodore was once a very good king. The Abyssinians said he was always so if he was only let alone, but he was a man with a violent temper. He had been a conqueror in every battle he had ever fought, except one, and his reputation as a warrior stood very high. In war the Abyssinians were good light horsemen, riding well, and fighting like the aneient Parthiaae. About every tenth man in the army had eome firearm— pieces of all Borts from the old Portuguese arquebus to the old musket, and from the musket to the latest improvement of tbe rifle. They were good marksmen at short ranges, and good light infantry. The horae soldier wore tight- fitting trousers— the Abyssinian dandy loose trousers like those of the Turks and Egyptians. There were no lawyers in Abyssinia; every man pleaded his own cause, and, with his opponent selected the judge from amongst the bystanders. A peace-maker was epnointed to stand by with a stick to prevedt the litigants from fighting. The litigants made a sort of bet before the commencement of the hearing of the cause to be tried, and the judge's perquisite was that bet, whatever it might prove to be. In difficult cases there was a jury. He often was called npon to act as a judge, but he never got anything ; the eicuse being that he was a great friend of the king and they would not inBult him by offering him the judicial fee. The lecturer then reverted to the causes which had led to the captivity of our countrymen, and others in Abyssinia. Theodore, it must be borne in mind — wss one who was filled with most feverish and perhaps not unreasonable apprehensions in regard to Egypt — the Pasha of which was even now making hostile demonstrations against him on his northern border, it having been openly stated tbat tbe English Ambassador had expressly tola the Sultan that England was quite willing that the Turks should take Abyssinia. It must be borne in mind too, tbat the strip of level oountry lying between Abyssinia and the coast was in the possession of the Egyptians, and that to get that had always been one of Theodore's most cherished aspirations. A treaty had been signed between the reigning sovereign ol Abyesinia and the British Government in 1657. The British Govern ment told Consul Plowden that Theodore was bound to recognise that treaty, and that if he objected to any of the articles he could propose modifications. In February 18G2, Captain Cameron, the British Consul, arrived at Maesowa, and had an interview with the Em peror in June in that year. He was received most gra ciously, and a quantity of presents was made to him by the Abyssinian monarch, who also gave him a letter (al ready alluded to) to forward without delay, to her Majesty Queen Victoria. Consul Cameron took the letter and his dismissal and reached the eea (at Massowa), about Feb ruary 1863. About that period news arrived from Jeru salem (whither the AbyEsinianB reBort in great numbers t j pray at the Church ef the Holy Sepulchre) that Sooreya Pasha, under orders from the Sublime Porte, refused to recognise the Abyssinians except as Turkish subjects, — alleging, forsooth, tbat Abyssinia was only one of the pro vinces of Turkey ! The effect of this sapient decision was that the unfortunate AbyssinianB at Jerusalem and on their way to it, were many of them seized and bastinadoed,— others sold as slaves, and many killed by our Moslem allies. On Theodore's receipt of this news he is eaid to have broken out into one cf his fits of ungovernable rage, and to have commenced ti abuse the English and their Queen. Meanwhile Captain Cameron (instead of going to England with tbe letter) acting in pursuance of ordere received from Ear] Russell, took a tour through tbe Egyptian territory to the west ef Abyssinia— a proceeding scarcely calculated to inspire the Abyssinians with any great b'elief in the bona fides of his cor.duot, or the amity of his Government. Against his (Captain Speedy's) advice as Vice Consnl, Consul Cameron went and visited Kasala and Boyos, Egyptian (owns at some distance beyond the fron tier of Abyesinia. At length, sighing for the flesh pots of Habeseh (which he acknowledged to be what it is, a very beautiful oountry), Cameron re - entered Abyssinia, and finally made his re- appearance before the King. Theodore asked Consul Cameron why he had been to Boyos and Kasala. The Consul answered, ' 1 had the Queen's orders.' ' And why do you come here now ? ' Same answer as before— ' The Queen's orders.' 'And why do you come to me now? Your permission, given to you by me long ago, was to go to Maesowa.' Why have you done tbis ? ' Consul Cameron eaid again, ' It was the Queen's ordere.' ' So,' exclaimed the infuriated monarch, ' your Queen can send you orders to go to visit my enemies and to (return from Massowa, but she cannot send me a civil answer! By my death I you shall not quit my territory till her answer comeB.' Now Theodore's letter to the Queen was written in Octoljpr, 1862, and is said never to have reached its destination, as Dr. Beke, in his book on Abyssinia, gave a translation of this letter, and (at page 164) asserted that Earl Russell said, ' Having' no wish to answer that letter, we sent it to the India Office, to know whether tbey wished to answer it.' Not a bit of it ! They did not think it necessary that a mission should be sent to Abyesinia, the object of whioh was to get us to go to war with Turkey. The lecturer further said that the King toM Cameron that he should ' die in Abyssinia.' The leoturer concluded by pointing out the manner in which Mr. Stern had given special umbrage to the King by his visit to the FalaBba, and his neglect to go out of the country when he 'had been ordered to leave, and he detailed other circum stances whioh had greatly exasperated the King on the un licensed return of Mr. Stem and his people. He reoounted also what had been' done to release the captiveB, and com mented severely on the polioy that had brought about the present etate of affairs. Theodore was not a man to be frightened, and he had been oertainly snubbed and treated with studied neglect and disrespeot, when he did not deserve it. Hence had come his rage, hence his cruelties, which no rightly constituted mind oould view without in dignation and sorrow. In oonoluslon he bad to say that his best wisbes were with Abyssinia; but as Theodore hbd aoted with so muoh cruelty to men, women, and children, he would, of conrse, have'to be punished. We ehould have to get into Abyssinia, and the upshot of that would be that we should be onoe more baoklng up those Mahometans. We should be fighting for that Siok Man who was in Englind the other day, and was so great a man etill (In his own eetimation) that he oould not shake handB with the Prince ol Wales. In the 19th century this was really too bad. If Theodore had received a civil reply to his letter, end had only been treated with some ordinary consideration, six or eeven millions of our money would have been saved, and the eeven millions of Abyssinians would not have been brought, as tbey were now, into the danger of being made slaves of the Mahometans. ! Sinoe his first leoture hahad been fortunate enough to pro cOre a copy of the Abyssinian Emperor's letter to ber Majesty, and he would now read it. The letter was as follows : ' In the name of the Father, of tbe Son, and of the Holy Ghost, one God in Trinity. The ohosen by God king of kingB of Ethiopia, Theodore, to her Majesty Queen . of England, Victoria, — I hope your Majesty is in good health, By the power of Goa I am well. My father, the Emperor, having forgotten eur Creator, he handed over their kingdom to the Gallas and Turks. But God oreated me, lifted jne out of the . dust, and restored this empire to my rule. By his power I 'drove away the Gallas; as. for the Turks, I have told them to leave the land of my.anoestoie. They refiise. I am going to wrestle with them, Mr. Plowden and my late Grand Chamberlain— the English man Bell— used to tell me that there Is a great Christian Queen who love* *11 Christians. When be Mid to me this, 'We are aUle te make 'friendship between you, then wasl glad. All men are subjeot to. death, *nd mv enemies, 1 thinking to injure me, killed these my friends. BAt, by the 'power of God, I hkve' exterminated those enemies, not leaving one ' alive, though of my own family, that I may get, through the power of God, your friendship. I fear that if I send ambassadors With presents of amltv ? by Consul Cameron tbey may be arrested by the Turks, and bow wish that you ' may arrange for the safe passage of my ambassadors every where on tne road. Iwishtohave an answer to this letter by Censnl Cameron, and that he may oonduot my embassy to En gland . ' Bee how the Islam oppresseth tbe Christian.' Was not that a remarkable letter? Theodore was seeking, in the first plaofe, tb be- recognised as the Emperor1 of Abys cinia ; and though he justified his war with the Turks, yet that was sot his main object He only sought to ascertain whether England would reoeive his ambassadors, and guarantee a safe passage for them through Egypt. Now oame the ead part of the story. Captain Cameron, having reoeived Theodore's letter, left Gondar, and arrived at Mbseowb about November 1862, and, under instruction fiom Earl Russell, proceeded to Kassala, whither the lecturer accompanied him. ' Ii^spite ol his warnings, Cap tain Cameron re-entered Abyssinia; and, extraordinary to relate, the Foreign Office did hot deem Theodoras letter worthy of notice. The ooneul's position was a painful one ; for he had displeased tbe Emperor by having viBited the Egytian territory, and had now to own that the British Govefl^ient ignored the letter, and consequently refused to receive the Emperor's ambassadors. Tbe result was the imprisonment of the British Consul and ' of all the British subjects in his power. He would not enter into the sickening details of their oap tfvity, for tbat was too painful a subject ; but he would advert to our expeditionary force now en route to effeot the liberation of the prisoners. Part of the troops had already arrived at Zulla, and by the 15th of January tbe foroe will be ready to march into Abyssinia. Tbere were three prin cipal routes open to them, namely, to Massowa, via Halai, on the north, Tsjurrab on tbe east, ana Matemma on the west. Let us suppose that we had entered the country— and Theodore was a man who would like to see whether the English bad the pluck to enter his country, sinoa for twelve bnndred years bis people had kept the Mahomedans in check. Theodore used to say that the Frenoh oould fight best on land, the English -u the Bea, and the Abytsiniacs on the' mountains. An army of 500 600 men animated by religious fanaticism,— ragamuffin lot though you call them— would be formidable on the mountains, and Theodore was too wise to expose his foroes to the attaok of our cavalry and artillery oa tbe plain. Theodore could go beyond the province on the south-west, and it would be next to impossible to get any trustworthy information of bis whereabouts from tbe AbyssinianB, who, while looking as artless as possible, could be crafty and deceitful. Having induced the offer of a reward, Theodore's spies w- uld give full information as to where he was to be found, but tbey would not expose themselves to punishment by acting as our guide. Theodore would not in all probability def - nd any fort, but would harass our troopB, and if tbey tried to follow bim they would be about as successful as boys hunting a 'will-o'-the-wisp, Having arrived at Debra Tabor, he thought our true policy would be to oooupy the country and begin to cultivate the soil. If we gave Theo dore to understand that we would never leave his oountry until the captives were given up, he would be induced ulti mately to give them up. That he thought was aU we could do, and was the only way we oould hope to get back the prisoners, unless we were 'fortunate enough to pounce upon them on first entering the country. Tbe lecturer then proceeded to give a cursory sketch of tho religion of the people. Their tradition asserted that the Queen of Sheba waB Queen of Abyssinia, and that the Chamberlain of Queen Candace, whom Philip met reading the Scriptures in his chariot, was an Abyssinian. The Queen of Sheba, it was said, brought back with her from Jerusalem a number of Jewfeh priests, Levites, soldiers, and artisans, and where else, it was asked, could Philip have learned to read the Scriptures if not in their country ? Framentious, a monk from Alexandria, sailing in the Red, Sea was wrecked, and, being taken prisoner, he waB carried into the interior of the country. By his superior intelligent, Framentious rose from slavery, and, having quickly acquired the language, he translated the New Testament into Ethiopia. Returning to Alex andria he was ordained Patriarch of Ethiopia, by BiEhop Athanasius in A, D. 332 — a period whioh, being anterior to the separation of the Eastern and Western Churches, would explain many of the peculiarities of the religious belief of the Abyssinians. There was evidenoe of the Jewish origin in the faot that their churches were cir cular, and not in the form of a cross ; there was an outer and an inner court, and a Holy of Holies ; the name of the latter being very similar to the Hebrew designation of the Bame place. No eculpture waa allowed in their churches, but painting was admitted. The mateb or blue silken thread worn round the neck, was a mark of' Christi anity. The Abyesinians had a great number of saints— St. Michael, St. Raphael, and St. George of Cappadocia being favorite worthies. They had also many festivals and many feasts. They were very strict in their laws of mar riage.— a marriage by a priest in a church was indissoluble. There were, however, those who thought that there ought to be a civil marriage before a judge, and that if from incompatibility oi temper they wished to be divoroed, they ought to be allowed to separate, each taking half of tbe property. [Captain Speedy here gave a graphic description of a marriage oeremony peculiar to one part of the country, uid he enaoted the affair admirably. The dialogue between the bride and bridegroom under the thamtmh, although given in the vernacular, appeared to be perfectly well understood by the audience, and. the sound of a noise, which, as the lecturer archly remarked, was ' something just like kissing,' pro voked great merriment. The lecturer next, described a cuEtom which prevails in Abyssinia, resembling an Irish wake ; not such fighting, but plenty of citing and drinking. They made a curious cry, or prolonged howl, which sounded like the ringing ef a tumbler or a finger-glass half full of water. [The lecturer gave an-imitatiou of the sound ; but, after eome seconds, the music of melancholy was broken in upon by the uncontrollable laughter of the audience.] The deceased would be clad in holt day garments, and, if an unmarried girl, in a bridal dress. The mourners sang songs at these wakes, ia which they mentioned the good qualities of the de parted, and told how much they regretted his loss. The lecturer, after describing the character of the mUBic, Eang one of the songs which he had learned in Abyssinia It was the lament of a young warrior, who, returning home to meet his lady love, found that she was dead, and rtady to he borne to the tomb. His ftiends bring him to ber. Nothing new is left to him but to throw flowers on the tomb. She is more beautiful in death than in life. 'His heart, hie life, is gone.' This ode, celebrating the pathetic event, waB sung with exquisite tenderness by the lecturer. At the burial of an infant, after the usual service, the priest prayed to Him who raised up the sou of the Widow of Nam, for mercy on these His servants (meaning the father and mother)— that He who had taken away their beloved might give other offspring in his plaoe. Tbe leoturer then passed on to notice the productions of the oountry. In most parts of tbe eountry, on the plateaux, wheat might be seen growing, in different stages, and fine crops could be obtained in two yearB, and barley ripened three times in the year. Coffee was grown in the south — and, indeed, it was from the southern part at the oountry that on Arabian merchant first took the berries and carried them to Mocht. They grew the sugar-cane, but did not extract the juice, the cane being generally sold in the markets as sweetmeats for children. To eat heney, butter, or anything sweet, was reckoned very unmanly. An Abyssinian thought that butter would take away his strength, and he looked upon the eating ef it with disgust, but the people used it freely on their hair as pomatum. (Laughter.) Gold was plentiful in the southern part of Abyssinia, but the north was too volcanic, But if the diggers at the Thames,, in New Zealand, oould make it pay, he was sure that they would find the whole of Abyssinia to pay. In tbe South, among the Gallas, the people would work a gold-field as deep as their shoulders, bnt belew that they never dared to go, for they supposed that if they did their eldest Bon or seme of their relatives would be cure to die. Then, too, they only worked for nuggets, and did not oare about the dust. He hoped that some of the Australian diggers would try their hands there yet. (Cheers,) Cotton grew luxuriantly, and the spinning of the threads wbb the chief occupation of the women. Labour in Abyesinia was excessively dear; but you could purchase eeven sheep at Debra Tabor for a dollar. In war, tbe Abyssinians trusted chiefly to tbe-cavalry. They had a faw SrearmB of an inferior description, and they were good shots at short ranges, but not at great distances. In peace— which waa sot often— they occupied themselves in hunting. At the conclusion of the lectures a vote of thanks, and a handsome snuff-box was presented to Captain Speedy. On the lid of the box was the', following inscription: — ' Basha Fellaka (Commander Speedy), — The Direotors of the Asylum for Destitute Children to Captain Charles Speedy, W.M., in recognition of bis kindness in giving two Lectures on Abyssinia in aid of the Fonds of the Insti tution. Sydney, December, 1867.' 