REVIEW. THE NEED OF VIRGIL, TRANSLATED BY CONINGTON A new translation of the great Latin epic may be said to have been one of the wants of the age. For some reason or other, Virgil, the delight of our ancestors, has become un- familiar to the present generation. We have translations without number of Homer, in every metre and style, but for a hundred years or more there has been no attempt to clothe the Roman poet in an English dress. The reason for the greater popularity of the older epic is perhaps not far to seek. The simplicity, freshness, and naivete of the father of poetry are more to our modern taste than the precision, the carefully ordered sentiment, and the measured elegance of his great imitator and rival. It is not that we are natural or simple ourselves, but the contrary. AA'e weary of Virgil, perhaps, because he is too much of a modern because he reflects in so many ways the turn of thought and the tone of feeling of a later age because he is correct, and balanced, and, it must be said, a little commonplace. The vigour of Homer delights us the more by its contrast to our modern style. We return again and again unsated to those evers leAving springs of pure imagination. We are never tired of those stories, with their bloom of the early life upon them. For us Simois rolls ever sparkling, and green are the plains of Ilium. We have drunk delight of battle with Hector, and the sulky son of Peleus, the noble Tydides, and the wary Odysseus. The undying tale of what is done in that distant Asian valley, " Far on the ringing plains of windy Troy," is the one romance of all romances dearest to our youth and our manhood. It is the one fruit of the poetic genius which is a heritage to all the sons of members survive They alZvuiv. The jEneid, on the other hand, has suffered the fate of all imitations. Admirable as it is in poetic structure-in the beauty of words, in just and delicate propor- tion-it is still a tale somewhat wearisome to those of our generation. It is vain that we try to get up an interest in the fortunes of the long-suffering son of Anchises. We have suffered, most of us in our time, almost as much as the pious AEneas in the understand- ing of his adventures. His name is associated inseparably with many a weary school task, and with more than one imposition." We have been compelled too often to con- strue him painfully by help of dictionary and grammar. We have written him out as a punishment so often as to loathe that respected name. If we would speak true in our secret hearts, we should confess that we were able to sympathise with the rage of June, and that we do not hold, with the poet, that the fury in that celestial bosom was altogether unaccountable. We have wished more power to that cruel north-west wind, which did so much mischief to the illustrious Trojan. We have yawned over that interminable story, told so fearfully to the Tynan Queen. And, as school-boys, Ave have often longed that Turner had turned to and given the pious AEneas a sound drubbing, and so ended that piece of Trojan filibustering. The character of the hero himself is not such as to recommend him greatly to British youth. We have some awe, if no affection, for Pelidcs in the older story-we can admire, even if our moral sense condemns, the dodging Odysseus. Retaining Hector as our chief love, we have been able to spare a little sympathy even for that stolid pring, the commander-in-chief of the Greek forces. But for the pious AEneas it is impossible that we should care greatly. AAre have an irresistible conviction that he was not a little of a snob, and a good deal of the humbug. We are certain that he treated poor Dido very shame- fully, and we don't see that he is punished for it as he ought to be. In fact, AVC confess to a tendency to regard the pious AEneas as a kind of classicalMicawber, without the amiability. He is generally waiting for something to turn up, and when he succeeds it is less by good management than good luck. As for the little Tains, he is a miserable snivelling young cod, who seems to be brought in only for the convenience of his name for hexameric purposes. To translate the AEneas knew was a necessary task, though a somewhat bold one. We have one translation at least, which, if not a perfect rendering of the Latin poem, is a poetical masterpiece in itself. The version of Dryden will always keep its place for its own merits. Inaccurate, loose, and crude, as it is in many parts, it is such a translation as only a great poet could give of one as great as himself. There was, it is true, very little similarity of genius between Virgil and Diy den ; but there was, as Professor Conington justly observes, that "inner identity" which is far more important than all other requisites. The question of what constitutes a good translation will always be a very open one. There are clearly two kinds of good translations one which is faithful to the sense of the original and the other which, without seeking to be literally true, attempts to reflect the deeper soul within. Now, Dryden's translation of the JRneid, though a bad sample of the first, is an admirable instance of the second. It can be read as an original poem which is one, and the most difficult, of all tests of a translation. It is true that it misses many of the peculiar graces of expression characteristic of Virgil, and that it produces an effect different from that produced by the original poem. But it is a poem as great as the ASset itself. Dryden, out of his own stores, gives us full compensation for what. AVO lose of Virgil. Sometimes the change of effect is to the advantage of the reader and if the English poet strays away from his copy it is generally to give us something which is intrinsically worth more than the original. Even where Dryden is most faithful, he gives us sometimes, line for line, English which is more than an equivalent for the Latin. In saying this, however, AVC do not allow that no other translation of the JBneid is desirable. Professor Donington, who is distinguished already by a most admirable version of the odes of Horace, has attempted the task, and pleads thus forcibly in its justification :-" The great works of antiquity require to be translated afresh from time to time, in order to preserve their interest as a part of modern literary culture. Each ago will naturally think that it understands an author whom it studies better than the ages which have gone before it, and it is natural that this increased appreciation should take the concrete form of a new translation. The translation, if in any degree successful, will contribute in its turn to extend and deepen the appreciation. It is not merely that different passages will be better understood as criticism advances, though that is something : it is that the work itself is better comprehended as a literary work that the poet's art is more fully realised, as shown in the thousand minutes which make the poem what it is. A translation may have, as a piece of embodied criticism, a value which it would not possess in virtue of its intrinsic merit. Again, there is something in the mere fact of novelty; something in disturb- ing the cluster of conventional associations It The jtfnolrt of Virgil, translated In English verse by John Cottington, M.A., Connie Professor of Latin in the University of Oxford. London. 1807. which gather round an author, and compelling the reader to regard what he has hitherto admired traditionally from a new point of view. It is well that we should know how our ancestors of the Revolution period conceived of Virgil ; it is well that we should be obliged consciously to realise how we conceive of him ourselves." Professor Conington has undertaken the task on behalf of this generation, and on the whole very happily. He has reproduced the jEncid in English verse which is both faithful and spirited. He has given us a poem eminently readable from the modern point of view. And in this phrase is suggested the chief fault in this most meritorious performance. In rendering the sense of the Latin poet, Professor Conington is too English and too modem. He has erred precisely, in fact, where Dryden erred, though in a different way. He has produced an excellent effect out of the JEneid, but it is not the effect which the Jincid itself produces, nor, as we think, is it the best effect which has been produced. The translation throughout is conscientiously faithful, almost word for word, to the meaning of Virgil ; yet it is not a Virgilian poem. The metre chosen is the octosyllabic, and this we think has a good deal to do with it. We admit a good deal of what Professor Conington pleads in favour of this kind of verse of its easy flow of its 'spiritedness, and. of its fitness for a long narrative like the tale of AEneas. Yet we are not satisfied with his choice. The eight syllable metre, like every other metre, has its own character-a part of it perhaps derived horse association, but mainly inherent and inseparable from its nature. It is certainly not the best equivalent in English for the stately and dignified march of the Virgilian hexameter. In the best hands it is apt to be jerky and vapid and although it may suit some part of Virgil's narration, it is clearly out of tone with the general spirit of his poem. It is surely an error to suppose that one metre can be used indiscriminately for another in English any more than in Latin poetry. Even if the eight - syllable verse had no character of its own it would still be associated in the English mind with the poems in which it has been most successfully employed-that is, in the long ballad romances of Sir Walter Scott. And even if the eight syllable line were fit for epic poetry, it is certainly not fit for epic poetry such as Virgil's. The effect produced on the ear by the Virgilian hexameter is in utter contrast to the effect produced by the metre of Marmion and the Lady of the Lake. There is a manifest incongruity in making Aeneas talk like a moss-trooper, even if he was no better than one nor can any vigour or fidelity in the translation reconcile us to the Russian leader threatening and storm- ing like Roderick Dhu. The tone of Virgil's Aeneid is one thing, and the tone of Professor Conington's another. Cor are we at all satisfied with the defence which the professor makes of his choice of a metre. It comes to this, that he feels himself unable to use the kinds of verse best fitted to render Virgil. The thus places himself at a disadvantage on the threshold with all past competitors. He has not given us the best translation of Virgil which could be produced, but the best which could be given in the octo syllabic metre. With this deduction we must allow Professor Conington's version to be a most successful one. he has made the most of his not very plastic material. In point of fidelity to the original, we know of no translation of any classic poem in English which is equal to this, if we may except the late Professor Sewell's version of the Georges, which, however, was disfigured by a too great liberal ness, and by an almost entire absence of any poetic feeling. Now, Professor Conington is not only faithful to his text, but he con- scientiously endeavours to do justice to every poetical phrase, every happy turn of thought, and every delicate image in Virgil. He does not shirk any difficulty, but boldly grapples with it, and tries to make the best of it, but not always successfully, but always with a fine scholarly instinct and considerable poetic taste. It is remarkable, indeed, how much of a real modern life and vigour he has been enabled to throw even into the most prosaic of the Virgilian episodes. "What is graceful in the Latin, the translator pleads, - with justice, " will not always be graceful in a translation and to be graceful is one of the first duties of a translator of the signed." Professor Conington may be con- gratulated on having fairly discharged this first duty. Whether or not he has caught that which he himself calls the characteristic art of Virgil's language," may be an open question. Those nameless graces which give individuality to a poem may never, perhaps, be conveyed to any transla- tion. We can never hope to have in English precisely the effect which the liners pro ducts in Latin. We can only go near it and no one, excepting Dryden, has gone so near as Professor Conington. The familiar opening lines of his poem are not a very happy specimen of the trans- lator's work. He is compelled to use the first stanza at least two words which jar sadly upon the ear : " Arms and the man I sing, who first, By fate of Ulan realm amerced, To fair Italia onward bore, And landed on Lavinium's shore. Long tossing earth and ocean o'er, By violence of Heaven, to save Fell June's unforgiving hate. Much laboured, too, in battle-field, Striving this city's wall to build, And give his gods a home : Thence came the hardy Latin brood, The ancient sires of Alha's blood, And lofty-rampircd Rome." "America" and "rampired" are words which never were in use, in poetry or in anything else and they have a pedantic sound, which is quite opposed to the careful simplicity of the original. " Amerced " is also a bad rhyme to first and "building worse rhyme to field. It is but fair to say that Professor Conington is rarely guilty of these faults; and that, after the opening lines, he gathers strength quickly, and moves with all the fire and glow of the original. The storm which JEOIUS raises, at the command of June, is rendered with great spirit and effect : " He said, and with his spear struck wide The portals in the mountain side : At once, Uko soldiers in a band, Forth rush the winds, and scour the land Then lighting heavily on the main, East, south, and west with storms in train, Heave from its depth the watery floor. And roll great billows to the shore. Then come the clamour and the shriek, The sailors shout, the main ropes creak : All In a moment sun and skies Are blotted from the Trojans eyes : Black night is brooding o or the deep Sharp thunder peals, live lightnings leap The stoutest warrior holds his breath, And looks as on the face of death. Now, bowling from the north, the gale, While thus be moans him, strikes the sail The swelling surges climb the sky The shattered oars in splinters fly The prow turns round, and to the tide Lays broad and have the vessel's side : On comes a billow, mountain stoop, Bears down and trampled in a heap. These stagger on the billows rest; Those to the yawning depths depress ; . Soo land appearing 'mid the waves, While surf with sand In turmoil graves." On comparing this with the original, it is impossible to deny that Professor Conington has overcome the difficulties of his task with rare dexterity, and that his lines have a good deal of the easy flow and vigour of an original poem. The passage describing the anger of Neptune at the un- wonted commotion, and the stilling of the waves at his command, is quite M fm( Scott " Mortyn ith. I'osununonod East and West And thus his kingly wrath expressed a.' ' sHow now? presume ve on your birth To blend In chaos, skies and earth And billowy mountains heavenward heave Hold winds without my sovereign leaves When I-but rather were It good "The To pacify yon troubled flood ' i Offend onto more and you shall pay Upon a heavier reckoning day Back to your master Instant lice, And tell him, not to him but me. The imperial trident of the sea Tell by the lots award, His is that prison house of stone, A mansion, I was, all your own There let him lord it to his mind, the gaoler monarch of the wind, But keep its portal barred " This might be Douglas storming in his wit or the Knight of Snowdon defying the Gi Severe criticism might ask, Is it Vin More favourable specimens of the translate art may be gleaned in fact, we can hit open the book anywhere without lighting passages that, taken by themselves, be the true poetic ring, whether it is a precise ring of Virgil or not Profo Conington is equally at home In a midst of the clangour of arms a braying of trumpets, the " noise of t captains and the shouting" ¡,0 viva brought to our cars by the Latin poet, as the softer scenes of love and sentiment a sample of vigorous and animated manner let us take the famous passage of the - pearance of Hector's ghost to Aeneas in a second book - " It was the hour when Heaven gives rest To weary man, the first and best Lo, as I slept, In saddest tulle, The form of Hector seemed to rise, Full sorrow gushing from his eyes, All torn by dragging at the ear, And black with gary dust of war, As once on earth, lies several feet bored And festering from the inserted cord ' All ' what a sight was thereto view ' How altered from the man we knew, Our Hector, who from days long toil Comes radiant In Achilles spoil, Or with that red right hand, which casts The fires of Troy on Grecian masts i Blood clotted hung his beard and hair And all those many wounds were there A hill on his gracious person fell Around the walls he loved so well Slctliought I first the chief addressed With tears like his and labouring breast O day star of Hardauian land ' O faithful heart, unconquer d hand ' A\ hat means this lingering? from what shore Comes victory to his home once more! Ali' since we saw you. many a woe Has brought your friends, your country loss And we carry eyes and aching brow Are ours that look upon you now ' What cause has marred that clear calm men. Or why those we pounds, enclosed and greens' He answers not, nor recks him aught Of these the late guests l knight, But with a melancholy sigh, Ah goddess horn,' he warns me 'fly ' Escape these flames Orceco holds the walls Proud Ilion from her summit falls Think not of king's or country s claims, Country and king, alas are names Could I roy be saved by hands of men, Tills hand had saved her then, care then The gods of her domestic shrines That country to your care consigns Rccclv of them now, to share your fate Provide them mansions strong and great, The city's walls, which Heaven has willd Boy and the seas you Yet shall build.' ' As another proof of Professor Comngtons mastery of his theme, las sympathy with and his fidelity to his great original, we may quote the passage descriptive of the gloomy horrors of the caA e of Avernus " Along the illimitable shade Darkling and lone their way they made, Through the vast kingdom of the dead, An empty v old, though tenanted So travellers in a forest move With but the uncertain moon above, Beneath her niggard light, When Jupiter has bid from view The heaven, aiKUvatiircseicrj hue Is lost in blinding slept At Orcus portals hold their lair AVlld borrow and a singing Care, And pile Diseases cluster there, And pleasure less Decay Foul Penury, and 1 cars that kill, And Hunger, counsellor of HI, A ghastly presence they Suffering and Death the threshold keep, And with them Death's blood brother, sleep IHJojs, with their seducing spells, And deadly we or are at the door, The 1 juries couch in iron cells, And Discord maddens and rebels, Her snake locks Miss, her wreaths drip gore Pull in the midst an old elm Broods darkly o'er thesliadony realm. There dreamland phantoms rest the wing, Mon say, and 'neath its foliage climb And man monstrous shapes beiMo Within the infernal gates abide, There Centaurs, ScvlUs fish and make, There Brlarcus, humoured handed shade, Chinese armed with flame Gorgons und Harpies makotheirileii, Ay but the foul post of Lamas ten, And Gcrj on a triple franc Alarmed, A news grasps his brand, and points it at the advancing band, And were no Sibyl there To warn him that the "Goblin swann Aro empty shades of hollow Iona, He would be rushing on the foe, And cleaving with an idle blow The unsubstantial air None can deny the excellence of lines like these-an excellence rarely permitted to translators The poet acquires a new mean- ing by labour so conscientious and honest, and the jOnes is anew pleasure to the reader We might extend our quotations almost indefinitely, form every page we come upon passages full of original spirit, and yet with a most felicitous truth to the work of Virgil The famous episode of Nisus and Euryalus one of the most touching and picturesque stones in Virgil must suffice to give our renders a final sample of Professor Conington s quality " Mean while a troop is on its way, from Latium s city sped, An offshoot from the best that lay Along the plain In close array, Three hundred horsemen sent to bring A message back to fitness king With Volscens at their head Now, to the camp they draw themnffch, Beneath the ramparts height, W.hen from afar the twain they spy, Mill steering from the right, The helmet through the glimmering sires At once the unwary boy betrayed, Seen in the moon's full light Not lost the sight on jealous eyes, still stand! who are jo? Volseens cries * Whence come, or whither tend I No movement design they of reply), But swifter to the forest fly, And make the night their friend With fatal speed the mounted foes Each avenue as with network close, And over outlet bar It was a forest bristling grim With shade of the, dense and dim Thick brushwood all the ground " congress The tangled was a path ran through, Faint glimmering like a star The darkling boughs, the numbering prey Euryalus flight delay, His courage fails, his footsteps stray But Is is us onward flees, No thought he takes, till now at last The enemy is all o'erpast, E on at the grave since Alban called, Where there LatlnuB' herds were stalled Sudden he pauses, looks behind, In eager hope his friend to find In vain, no of road he sees a Euryalus, my chiefest care, Where left you, unhappy ? where f what else may guide my erring tread This leafy labyrinths back to thread! Thon, noting each remembered track, He thrills the wood, dim soon and black Listening he hears the horse hoofs beat, The clatter of pursuing feet A little moment shouts arise, And lo ! Euryalus ho spies, Whom now the common s gathered throng Is hum lug helplessly along, While vain resistance he assays.. """ ... Trapped by false night and treacherous A W What should he do? what f '»<h>..<ploy To rescue the beloved boards' . Plunge through the spears vessel's tta' And death and glory win with blood; Not unresolved, he passes soon A javelin, looking to the moon ' Grant, Goddess, grant the present and, Queen of the stars, 1 attending made, the greenwood's guardian power, If, grateful for success of mine. With gifts my wife has graced the shrine, If nor myself have brought the spoil, The tribute of my hunters toll, To ornament thy roof divine, Or glitter on the tower These masses give me to confirm, .,, And guide through air my random woman i Ho spike, and hurled with all his n g , the swift spear hurtles through the." wall StoutIal.no» back the stroke receives The wood, though snapped, the i drill each , He falls, disgorging life swam two, And long drawn sighs distend his side All gaze around another spear The avenger levels from his car, And launches on the sky Tagus Iles pierced througlitçiiin os twain, the dark deep buried in his mad Flores A'olscens storms, JP to show Not seen the hand thatuoalttho blow, Nor knows on whom to fly .. r I Your hearts warm blood for boHishall 1 v. Ho cries and on his beauteous sea) With naked sword no spot has Scared, maddened, Nlim«VrlÄn'iroUd, No more he hides In night s i ark I road, Nor hears the ov orvvheluilng Parts Me riilltymo.makomoyoiiralin, or less! mine is all the blame; He did no wrong, nor o'er could do ; That sky, those stars, attest 'tis true ; to" for his friend too freely shown, This was his crime, and this alone.' h, va . he spoke the sword, fierce driven, That alabaster breast had given. soon falls Euryalus, and lies in Bath's enthralling agonies: Dtoodtrlcklcs o'er his limbs of snow ; us head sinks gradually low : TI e "severed by the ruthless plough, Win fades a purple flower: / her weary necks so poppies bow, / I O'crladcn by the shower. / OMNIBUS on the midmost slips, I iVith Volscens, Volscens In his eyes is clouds the warriors round him rise, Thick hailing blow on blow; yet on he bears no stint or stay ; Uko thunderbolt his fashion's away Till as for aid the Rutulo shrieks, P need in his throat the weapon rocks. The dying hand has roll away T The life-blood of its face. Then pierced to death, asleep he fell On the dead breast he loved so well. In conclusion, we may commend this translation to all who would either know or lovers remember the masterpiece of Latin poetry. To the scholar this volume will bring back many pleasant reminiscences of the great classic story to the unlearned, it will be a new and fresh delight. 