THE BISHOP OF SALISBURY'S CE LARGE. Fire great excitement that prevails in England at the present time with reference to the Ritualistic question is reflected to a certain extent in the colonies, and the following outline of a Charge, delivered in St. John's Church, Devizes, on Tuesday, May 7, by the Bishop of Salisbury will be interesting to many of our readers : His Lordship had arrived on the previous evening, and attended early morning prayers at the church at 8 o'clock and again at 11 when the Holy Communion was celebrated, and a sermon preached by the Rev. H. M. Sladen of Alton Barnes. At the conclusion of the service the Bishop, accompanied by his chaplain, Archdeacon Harris, and several other clergymen, proceeded to the factory, where they remained for about half-an-hour ; so that it was not until a quarter past 1 o'clock that the roll of the clergy was passed. Most of them answered to their names ; indeed, we hardly ever remember to have been so numerous an attendance. There were however comparatively few of the laity present, and many of those who were in the church when the Charge commenced, had left before it concluded. To give anything like " a report of a Charge of such length. is, of course, out of the question ; yet to condense it, and at the same time to convey all that his lordship intended to convey, would be almost impossible. The brief outline of therefore which we are enabled to present to our readers must be regarded as but an im- perfect sketch of a charge which we are glad to know will in a few, weeks be placed before the public in its original form. His Lordship said Before he began to and dress them he would simply say that some parts of his Charge he did not intend to read ; but he should shortly send each of his clergy a copy of it, which he hoped they would do cept and do him the favor to road with all care and consideration. He had drawn it up with all the care he possibly could, and he asked for it that consideration which he felt sure they would give to anything that was sent to them by their Bishop. Proceeding then to read the charge he held in his hand, the Bishop said he was thankful to have been permitted at the morning celebration again to give the broad of life to so many of them who had sought that gift of God. Some, who three years ago, had been ghosts with them at the table, were no longer in the flesh; and our hope was, that as we had been left in mercy, they had been taken in Uko mercy and their appointed duties being done, that their works had followed them, to receive the approval of their God and Saviour. There was much to be thankful for in the healthy condition of the Colonial Church, and he must add, emphatically, for the preservation of that remarkable man, the Metropolitan of Africa. He was not about to set before them, in detail, how the Bishop of Cape town's trials were likely to affect the future of the Colonial Church, but he was sure they would join with him in an expression of earnest hope that good might come, although the recent decision of the Appeal Courts and the Privy Council might produce great complication for a time. Volu able tokens of sympathy were coming from America, and he was sure that if they would obtain a recent statement by the Bishop of Capetown, published by Messrs. Bell and Daldy, they would feel called upon to do more than they had hitherto done in aid of foreign missions. It was this feeling which had induced him to issue a pastoral letter to his clergy to make an additional collection in aid of that object. He laid stress on the word additional, because he found, from his correspondence, that by some his letter was looked upon only as a reminder to do something, whereas his real intention was to obtain for the Lord's work abroad an offering over and above that which his Diocese might otherwise have supplied. He tended his sincere thanks to the Arch- deacons, Rural ' Deane, and Secretaries of societies who had assisted him in carrying on the work of the Diocese, and and he was sure that there were none to whom thanks were more die than those who, whether as Rural Deans or Assistant Inspectors, had performed so good and laborious a work as the inspection of schools. He wished that he could give expression to an assurance that he was less anxious than he was about the future of church education, but he was sorry to say that he could not do so. As far as he could judge, although that judgment might be erroneous, the great and pressing question of national education, for all requiring the assistance of the State, would eventually be decided in favor of a solar system, and such an issue he could not but regard as a deplorable one. Having expressed his belief that the acceptance of the Conscience Clause would not, as anticipated by some, disarm the opposition of Nonconformists, his lordship went on to say that although the answers which he had received to the questions submitted by him to his clergy afforded, to a great extent, a test of the efficiency with which they had discharged their duties, yet there were some points to which his enquiries could not reach such, for instance, as the time they devoted to private prayer and the study of God's word-their preparations for the discharge of their high and important functions, their endeavors to carry into all their ministrations the sympathy and authority of Jesus Christ, as ministering in His name, their strivings to release the sinner from the bonds of sin, to give strength to the weak believer, to win the gainsayed, and to administer relief to the sorrowful, doubting heart. He was thankful for admitted results, but at the same time they must all be conscious that they had been guilty of many shortcomings. Of these shortcomings, he confessed his readiness to take his full share, and then, passing on to deal with what some of them, in their answers, had alleged BB causes of the inadequacy of the results of their ministra- tions, his lordship said he felt it his bounden duty, both for their sake and his own, to state to them explicitly his views on the great principles involved in the work committed to them. He had prepared his statement with the thought ever before his mind that, owing to the limitation of the powers of our intellectual vision, it was difficult to see all sides alike, and that in consequence misapprehensions which might often be traced to godly jealousy sometimes arose ; but at the same time he asked them to give to it that calm, equitable, thoughtful, patient and charitable consideration which, whether it failed or succeeded in approving itself to their judgment, every Christian man owed to his brother. If he were to confine himself to late events, which had seemed to surround him with a kind of personal interest, he should speak of only one point of doctrine, but he proposed also referring to others which had been made the subject of special controversy. On those he considered it his bounden duty to speak to them as plainly as he should about the one to which he had most particularly alluded, viz., the doctrine of absolution, inasmuch as those doctrines were a part of the whole body of truth which hold the revelation which God had been pleased to make to them with respect to the Sacrament of the Lord's Supper, their functions as one with Christ as the interest of the Church, and His charge to the Apostles about binding and loosing, forgiving and retaining sins. For the sake of clearness, he would explain to them, in a few words, what were the doctrines to which he referred. They were, (1) that certain men had had entrusted to them by God, as follow workers with Him, Some supernatural powers and prerogatives j (2) that for example, God had been pleased to invest them, as His ministers, with the power of so blessing the ob- lations of broad and wise as to make them the channels of conveying all. the strength and re- freshing power of the body and blood of Christ ; (3) that as Christ, their sainted Lord, was now over pleading in Heaven His own sacrifice, SO those ministers of Christ, as his representatives, and in intimate communion with Him were empowered to plead on earth that which He was pleading in Heaven and (4) that God, who alone could forgive area, had delegated to those same ministers of the Germans as a prerogative commission of His from the Father, power and authority to declare to those who were fitted to receive it, the pardon of their sins, or as it was expressed in the well-known words of the Pray or Book, " had given power and COmmand ment to His ministers to declare and pronounce to His people, being penitent, the absolution and remission of their sins." Such were the doctrines which had of late occasioned so much controversy, and the" Right Rev. Prelate was understood to say that he was prepared to support them by proper authorities. Other truths were mixed up them, and no hypothesis of Divine Grace in the Sacraments, or in any particular prerogative of the clergy, could receive a fair and candid consideration till the mind was well instructed in the revelation which God had been pleased to make of the mysterious relation in which Christ and the Church stood to one another. His lordship dwelt at considerable length on the marvellous mystery of the incarnation of the Son of God, which according to St. John begun at the most distant point of time at a time coeval with the existence of God himself and argued that as when Christ undertook the office of mediator, there devolved upon him the functions of prophet, priest, and king, He was invested with the prorogative of making His disciples in the Church, which He formed before He left the world, partakes of His fulness, and that without intruding upon or interfering with His prerogative as the one only mediator between God and man. He contended that Scripture, which could not be broken, gave the most distinct and definite meaning to its witness with regard to the prophetic, privately, and royal prerogatives of the priesthood, and that as the Christian was in part a continuation and development of the JOWETT Church, the powers committed to the Apostles were transmitted by them, in the name and place of the Lord, to others. The force of the objection which had been raised that the claim which had been put forward on behalf of the ministers of the Church was inconsistent with the position of our Lord was, he thought, greatly weakened by the fact that the Apostles who were allowed to have exercised those very prerogatives were men of like passions with themselves. As to the powers which the Apostles undoubtedly had of performing miracles, he might at least say this, that Scripture contained nothing to show that the power of working miracles ceased with the life time of the Apostles and if miracles were not worked by their successors, it might, perhaps, be accounted for by a want of sufficient faith in that greatest of all mysteries the incarnation of the Son of God, and the delegation to Him as God-man, of the autocratic power and prove- natives of God himself. Having entered into an elaborate argument in support of his views of the regal powers delegated to the priesthood, his lordship went on to state at some length his opinion the subject of the Lord's Supper, arguing that when they consecrated the oblation of broad and wide, as the representatives of our Lord, they were putting forth some of his delegated power. When they blesSed the elements, or rather when Christ blessed them, they became not only an outward but an inward sacrifice. The outward port remained a substance, what it was before the not of consecration, but still the act of consecration made it the channel of an ineffable mystery. The inward part was that which Christ took from the Blessed Virgin, which He offered to God as an atoning sacrifice on the cross, and which the Almighty Father in His glory had endowed, not with the actual proportions, but with the supernatural gifts, and graces and effects of the Godhead, and out of which was formed the well of every blessing. The inward part of the Sacrament of the Lord's Supper was Christ's most precious body and blood, but it was not a physical or a material presence, It was not a presence after the natural mode of the existence of the body, but a supernatural, heavenly, invisible, incomprehensible, and as a spiritual presence. The presence was real, and yet not material in the words of one of our homilies, it was the presence not of a carnal but of a ghostly substance His lordship was understood further to maintain that not only the Apostles, but those who came after them, had the power entrusted to them of binding and loosing, granting and refusing absolution, from the bonds of sin, but he so companied this statement with a solemn protest against any assumption that in so carrying out their delegated power, they were, in any possible way, interfering with the autocratic power of God. In his opinion the time had come, at any rate in this Diocese, when men should be outspoken, and he therefore had no hesitation in assuring them that he had no mental reservation what ever in claiming for them, amongst other things, a Divine commission from the Lord Jesus Christ through His Apostles. The stumbling block in the way of many was how matters could be used for a spiritual purpose, but he argued that as matter had been united in the Godhead in the person of the Lord Jesus Christ, it had become no unfit instrument of communicating spiritual blessing. In an address which he lately received, signed by 64 of his clergy, it was stated that it was the bounden duty of every clergyman who hold doctrines that were condemned by the church, to cease to minister in that church. He entirely concurred, but as the observation seemed to contain the insinuation that some of them were dishonest enough to contradict the teaching of the church, and yet from some motive or other continued to hold office, they must excuse him, if both for others and himself, he felt some what sensitive about the right meaning of the words. Referring to the question of Ritualism, the Right Reverend Prelate said it was admitted on all sides that there must be some form of. outward worship, but what was the proper and authoritative ritualism of the Church of England could only be accurately decided by a judicial interpretation of the law. What the precise law was be confessed himself unable to say, but it was a strange thing, he remarked, that if the changes which had been introduced, were made in the interests of Rome, they were spoken of most contemptuously by those who were most anxious to bring people over to Rome. As to a Royal Commission, he could not connect with it much hope of a restoration of peace to the church. He had more faith in the simpler remedy of patience and charity. He did not question the charity of either high or low churchmen, but he clung to the belief that continued fatherly kindness on the part of those in authority, and an abstinence from bearing false witness on the part of all, would do much to lesson the existing difficulty. He did not believe that the use of symbolism necessarily involved treachery, and in any case in which objection might be raised, he should probably have advice to give to both parties. He did not believe that in any diocese in the whole kingdom had there been fewer attempts to make hasty and irritating changes than in his own. He was aware that hasty changes had been made in some quarters, but there was only one parish in the whole diocese where extreme ritualism, as far as he knew, had been introduced, and that certainly without any sanction from him. He appealed to the laity not to bring hasty accusations against the clergy, upon only partial information and while readily admitting that the pretensions of the Church of Rome were being put forward with a power and a zeal that was new to us in this generation, he expressed his belief that a remedy for the evil was by changing our defensive policy into a constructive one. The clergy would always be ready to assist the laity if they would go to the Prayer Book and theiformolaries of the church, instead of trusting to the one-sided statements of party publications. There should be mutual confidence and respect, and then if matters could not be satisfactorily arranged, they would be quite right in seeking the arbitration of their Bishop. Combinations made to weaken their responsibility one towards another tended to BOW broad-cast' the seeds of suspicion and distrust, and any complaints presented by them, however just, ought not to be dealt with by a Bishop in any other way than that which the law pointed out-namely, in his court. At the same time he wished emphatically to state that while he had no sympathy with disorderly or inconsiderate conduct he had over counselled the exercise of moderation, not only towards honest convictions, but even towards well-grounded prejudices. He had never allowed an alteration to be made in a church without a faculty, and objections raised had always met with due consideration, both from the Chancellor of the Diocese and himself. On the other hand, he should Bpurn himself, and fool worthy of their contempt, if he did not not with a most thorough determination to give a full measure of justice to the clergy. No consideration would not move him to swerve from such a course, and he trusted he should never give any cause to suspect that he would be overawed by a desire for the praise of men. It was also his purpose never to allow any one to hope that he could maintain his own rights by assailing any of those which he (the Bishop) hold, either by the law of Christ or his country. There was, he thought, considerable risk of weakening all the powers of the church, by encouraging evil surmises and charges of disHonesty, instead of acts of mutual forbearance and confidence. After claiming the same liberty of opinion as was expressed by others, whether clergy or laity, his lordship remarked that he had read no part of the proceedings which had taken place during the late excitement, which had not been forced upon him by a private communication from some of the clergy, and he thought he had acted upon a wise rule, because people often said things under the excitement of the moment which they afterwards prayed ". God to forgive them for having said, and because also matters requiring his notice should be brought before him in some loss public way. He believed many of the clergy had wished to give him an assurance that they did not show in the insinuations which had been made against him. He had discouraged such expressions of confidence not because he did not value them, but because he disapproved of them ; and be cause words used on such occasions generally went far beyond, or fall short of, the convictions of those who signed memorials of this kind. He thanked them most cordially for their silence, and he assured them he did not misconstrued. What he wished was to do to them as he would be done by and it must be an extreme case in which, he would not say he would encourage, but rather in which he would not discourage, their parishioners from taking exception to any part of their touching or conduct. In bringing his Charge to a conclusion, the Right Reverend Prelate appeared to labor under considerable emotion as he expressed his belief that if he had not been doomed faithful to his duties and loyal to the church, his late and much revered and venerated predecessor, while on his death bed, would never have recommended him for the high and important order which it was his privilege to fill. At the conclusion of his charge, the Bishop, pronounced the Apostolic benediction, and the clergy and others immediately quitted the church. Devises and Wills/tire Gazette, May 9. The Grey River Argus of the 11th July states that a robbery of a very mysterious blue motor was perpetrated on the premises of the union Bank, on Saturday afternoon, between the hours of 4 and 7 o'clock. The teller, Mr. Gundry, left the bank a short time before 4 o'clock, having previously looked up a sum of about ยฃ470 in a drawer under the counter. In the course of the evening some diggers called upon him at the Melbourne Hotel, where he resides, wishing to dispose of some gold, and he returned with them to the bank. On going to the drawer, he found that the money, which as I was all in notes, had been abstracted, and fur- ther examinations showed that the lock, which was an ordinary.upshoot one, had been forced off. In the manager's room, which is immediately behind the front office, there is a small window looking into the back yard, and fastened with a common bolt. This window was found unfastened, and there were marks on the window-sill as if caused by a boot. Nothing else in the bank was disturbed, and as there was no evidence of violence on the window frame, it is supposed that it had been left unbolted. The most remarkable feature of the affair is that the robbery should have occurred just when, contrary to his usual practice, the latter neglected to place the whole of his cash in the safe. The whole matter is wrapped in mystery. A CANADIAN journal, the Hamilton Spectator, contains a long communication from Mr. Alexander Somerville, its reporter, on the conduct and management of the 13th Hamilton battalion and the Toronto Queen's Rifles in the conflict at Vimy Ridge. The following is abridged from this communication I-" Tho 18th started from Hamilton on the morning of the 1st of June, after months of drilling and pipe- claying, but not one of them had a canteen to carry water. Only about one-fourth of the privates and non-commissioned officers had haversacks for their rations but this want was not practically felt for on the day of battle they had no rations to carry. The absence of canteens was serious. The thirst felt was in- tolerable ยก many drank from any black, swampy ditch they passed. A large portion of the men became faint and sick. But this was not all there was not in the battalion a screwdriver to unscrew the looks, nor a sorrow to draw charges from the rifles. Sixty rounds of ball cartridge were served out, but many of the men had only 40 rounds of caps. They had not shoulder straps with buckles to carry the overcoat, and most of the men, before marching to meet the enemy, finding the costs would impede their firing, made pile of them behind Tools Tavern; but the expectation of returning thither was not realised, and they had to stand night chills, rains, and swamp vapors without proper clothing. They had no pickers for the choked nipples of the rifles, and some, consequently, would not go off. They had no portable camp kettles, and no mess tins. The Fenians, on their approach, retired into a thicket and fired from out of it is the 13th and the Queen's Own could only aim at the points where they saw flashes and smoke, they themselves being wholly exposed in open ground. Had they been moved to occupy a section of the woods, it is believed they could have driven the enemy out, or at all events have held their ground comparatively un- exposed until Colonel Peacock's torch arrived. The first incident which seems to have attracted such notice among the men of the 13th as to be remembered, after the firing had begun, was that of Colonel Booker coming at a gallop to wards the roar, shouting at the top of his voice, . Officer of the Queen's Own wounded ; doctor wanted to the front. It is quite unusual for, a commander acting as brigade-general, which on the 2nd of June Colonel Booker was, to gallop to the rear with any such message, and certainly not in accordance with military order to shout through the ranks of his men as he plodded along the intelligence that an officer had fallen in front. This officer was Lieutenant M'Eaohron, of Toronto. A ory of Cavalry coming' then passed along the line Whether Colonel Booker raised that alarm or took it from others, I could not, after much sifting of evidence, ascertain. Nine-tenths of all who gave an opinion said he did. And the bugler who sounded the order form square, prepare to receive cavalry,' says the command, which he obeyed, was given by the colonel personally. The effect of forming a square on that open space might have been to concentrate the Fenian fire on a crowd of men who, except on one face of the square, could not return it. But the enemy did not inflict much injury. The square was not completed, the skirmishers not having arrived in when the call of retire' sounded. Only a few of the 13th heard the order from square,' and most of the skirmishers did not hear the retreat all." 