' 'THE PUBLIC SCHOOLS A.C1'. Ik anticipation of the report promised ia i few days, Mr. Parkes has given ia Parliament a statement of some matters connected with the working of the Public Schools Act. The occa sion of his doing so was a reply to a motion of Mr. Macpherson condemning the use of certain ?chool books. The whole question is of such importance to the country, and so investing to t\\-» lipnds of families, and^the statements of Mr, ' Parkes are so weighty, that we give the greater portion of his speech, and strongly recommend our readers to peruse it carefully. Legislative Abseuht.y, Julv 23k». Mr. MACPHERSON moved,—' That this Bouso is not fvrepared to sanction section Id of division 11. of the Pablio Schools Aot of 1S6G Ilegulatiots, under the following terms' : — ' IS. Character of School Books. Such books only «s are supplied or sanctioned by tlie Council are to ba used for ordinary instruction ' unlets the following wordB he added, viz., 'in Public, Provisional, and Half-timo Schools.' ' Mr. PARKES said he should consider il hia duty to go ft litUo beyond tbe speech of tbe hon. gentleman who bad submitted this resolution to the House. In the coarse of what he had to say he ehouldiiave to utter some very hard thiegs, but (be; would not Be hia : they would be simply bsEod upon facts, the statement of which appeared to ' be necessary to illustrate what had been done, and to put the real stale of tbe case in regard to this question before the Parliament and before the country. On this, the first opportunity which had been afforded him, he should pro ceed to state what had been the course of administration under this Act ; and he thought he shsuld be able to preve tbat the Council of Education had the entire confidence cf tho country. ('Hear, - hear,' from boUi sides of the House. ) He thought ha fhauld be able to prove beyond doulit that, wi'h one very small exception, the administra tion of the Act had been such that the Council had tha entire confldccco of the oountry. He would prove that it had tbe support of the Roman Catholic laity. (Hear, hear.) He weuld prove this incontestably ; and he thought he should be cble to prove that it had done nothing whatever which rendered it undeserving of that support. ' The Council of Education, as they all knew, was appointed in the beginning of January. It had not yet been iu existenoo seven months. Perhaps no body of men was ever called together in this colony that had bo great a tack before it. It had thrown npon its hands by the operation of the Act all National echools, and it had to take over liy the operation of the Act the Denominational schools. None except those who would fjr b moment consider the work cecescaiy in visiting by the civil servants, aud examining acd taking over nearly 400 Eohools, could under stand tbe large amount of routine labour in such an operation. It had to reorganise Its staff; to appoint inspectors, to frame regulations, and to d-j u vast amount oi olhtr preliminary work of a meruly routine character uccetsary to the discharge of dutieB involving an expenditure ot £90,000 in the course of the year, Havinp been in existence only that short period of time, — little mere than half r- year— what had that body done ? Vp to the present moment it had called into existence no Ices than lift j-ttven sew echools, with a total attendance, as estimated by the parents of the children, of 2299. Those schools were all of them situated in places where they were no much wanted, that with a few exceptions there was no other school of any description, within from eight to eighty niiiee of them. It was of the highest importanue to enable the eiembcrE tc judge for themselves, of the necoj tiiy that existed for ths Act which the legislature passed I«Et year, that tbis one fact should be thorough!? known— that those echools, fifty-seven in number, had all been situated in places where, on the 1st January last, there were no iseans of education whatever. The first on bis list wss 15 miles from any other school; the next, 1 1 ; tte next, 20 ; the next! 7 ; the next, 4 ; the next. 6 ; the text, 12; the next, 6; the next, l(i; the next'. S ; ttc- next, 8 ; the next, 7 ; the next, 5 ; the next, -5 ; the text, 28; tho next, 2i; the next, 3; the next, S, fhe Butt, 2J; the next, 3; tbo next, S : the next, 2-, ; the next, 43 ; tbe next, 70 miles from any other school; the next, d miles; the next) 10; the next, 27 ; the next, 5 ; ? the next, 5 ; the next, 7 ; the next. 18 ; the next, 7. They thus taw the educational destitution which existed before the establishment of these schools. Then tiicre was another fact fn connection with these echools which was very Hgniticant— that in every instance the schools had been «dopted upon the petition of the inhabitants. In no single instance 'hud any one of those schools been established 'by the Council itself going to seek, for the purpose of ?Biakirg a show of schools, where one should be established. Another remarkable fact was that the parents appljing for tbe establishment of those Public echools had in no instance applied for (he establishment of a Denomi national school. (Hear, hear.) Rut there was a more significant fact still; thai in those applications there iiad been a full represesentatiox of tbe Roman Catholics. The Roman Catholics in those applications tor public schools amounted to one- third, and he believed the estimate of (bat large section of our population was little less than ' one-third of the whole papulation. He could scarcely .produce & stronger proof that legislation was needed than the fact that within eo short a period, on the spontaneous movement of the people themselves, this large cumber cf Public schools bad came into existence. But be should consider it his duty to lay before the House »t.d before the country some ether evidence of the need that existed for this change in (he legislation respecting the. administration of our school grants. This would not be so -i errenble as the evidence be had given. He spoke now. as 'the President tf the Council of Education, and with ihe concurrence of his colleagues in that body. He should consider it his duty to prove the insufficiency of tbe atrangemente that previously existed for the education cf the children of the country. He had ? elsewhere stated— before his coustitutney — and he cow stated before his co-representatives in his place in the House, (bat there hod been a sinful and desolating waste of the public money voted for education under the former systems. (Hear, hear.) He bad not used those words without knowing (hat he might be called on to prove them; and he thoula hardly consider himself worthy to occupy the position which he held if he permitted this opportunity :to pata without proving what he had thus asserted. In Older to prove that the large votes which the Legislature had in bo liberal and so truly a patriotic spirit sanctioned, without inquiry asd without question, year after year, that these votes had been expended without any regard whatever ta tbeir beneficial expenditure. He should now proceed to read some reports, show ing the state of those schools, which it was ibe duty of the Council of Eduoalion to take over on the 1st January. He held in bis hand reports of eight sohoole, which had' teen for a long time supported at tbe public j expense — schools in which the attendance ranged from lti i to 8. ? In two sohools tbere were 16, in four there were 13, j in one only 10, and in another only 8. He thought that | these were pretty signiiioantfdets. He might as well here I elate Ibat he should prefer not to mention the names of I tcachcis, unless hon. members desired him to do so. He had the nau.es before him, and there was no difficulty iu his mentioning them: but inasmuch as some of the facta might be irjurioUB to the persons referred to, and as he had no wish to occasion them any_ unnecessary Injury, he should ?prefer not to publish their names. He should cputiae .himself to the facie, and if hon. members wished to see the ' names they could do eo. (Hear, hear.) Ha hoped that ? that ccurse would bo satisfactory. (Hear, hear.) The 'inspector's report on the first school to which he alluded ?was — ' The number in actual attendance at the time of my '-visit-was 17. The average attendance since Christmas has 'been 16.' The next report said,— '2. The number of children present at the time of inspection was 13, inoluding 4 of the teacher's children ; the number on the rolls wae 30, r.lmt of tiiee.e 12 have never attended the school, so that the \- actual number belonging to the school is 18 ; of these, 3 are nnder 4 years of age, and 2 over 20; tbe latter only attended ifor a few days, and are not likely to become day pupils. 10 cat of the 30 enrolled are Soman Catholics.' Uofore fin sat down he should have to prove— painful though it vat— that tbo teachers had been compelled by the clergy ?axon to falsify their returns. (Cheers.) The next report -which ho held in his hand stated that u The actual ?*ttecdnnce at the lime of my visit was 10.' In the next report the inspector said,— 'Ths average attendance for the last quarter of I860 was 13, and for January, 1867-' The next report was,- — 'The number of children in ?average attendance for the first two months of the current -quarter wee: boys, -10; girls, 3: total 13. The number present at the time of inspection was : boys, 11; girls, 3: total, 14.' The next report thelnspeetor's worda were, — The average attendance, for the lost quarter of 1866 -wis 21; for. the last eight wesks, 13 6.' These leporte all referred to Denominational sohools taken over by the operation of the ? Act, The 'Eext report was,—' The number, in aotual attendance when I visited the school was 10, and the number on the troll 12.' The attendance in that eohool wss very Jiigh indeed 1 In the next report the inspector stated, — 41 The number of children present at the time of inspection ?was 6. the number on the rolls 10. There were #lso on Ihe rolls 7 names of pupils of a night school, thp.ir ages varying ?from 10 to 28 years. The average daily ffttondanoe for the month of December last, wss 12 '6, for the last eight weeks -9 fi.' Those reports he thought showed instances of the :tnsu(Bciency of schools — instances of waste through the nuallners of Ibe number attending, though it was obvious ? jjhat every effort had beea exerted to make op a large ' inttendance. He would pow . read 'over a fow, 'tttporte to show that the teachers themselves twere entirely unfit for, their positions — that slhev hed been appointed without inquiry-— without the felighteet examination to ascertain whether they were fit lo Sttach or not, end, in fact, without the slightest guarantee lhat -they understood what they undertook to do. In tbe jjkst cf-tneEe nases, -the inspector Jeported,-^-'! The teacher MB sot been trained, has not be® examined, and holds no jDcrtifioate. Bhe poeseBetee no' testimonials of ability to (each. Bhe is incompetent for her position ; and it is vary doubtful whether ehe is eligible for training.' Persons kccuslonied to teaching would know what this Iauguege . faeanc — that -it was doubtful whether this, teachor was auffl tieotly advanced ; in elementary knowledge bs to make It Jforth while to send her to the gaining School. The inspector went on to say,— ' She has eonduoted public W fchools under (he Bishop of Newcastle for a period of ten gijears. Her present school is In a most deplorable eondl U'on.'. . He . ought, to . inform-. the. House .that, these . Kchools were in large towns, where there could Be no excuse for the entire want, of fitness. B& the next oase the inspector said, — ' The master was ne^er tmintd, las never been -examined; and is unable (o furnish bLy tutiuior.ial of fitnete fur bis oflice. Thosame descrip tion literally applics fo (bo case of the assistant. 1 consider bulb tcbcLcis lo be incompetent, and 1 furthor believe tbem to 1 eireligihle for training. Tbe school ^nrrally is in a most dtplornble tta-c.' Tho next report ruftriod to a country school, but in :i populous neighbourhood. The inspector's ? cpnrt was,— i- Tbe numbS- pretcut oa the 14th January, 1K67, was 9; tbe number present at iuspcciion was 18. Iho leather was not trained, nnd bas no testimonials. She wp.s previously employed in St. Jaineft'M Church of England School, Sjdncy, acd bos been in ber present situation about fiftnn nronthf. Tbe school is conductiMl without much ttgaid to punctiiality, order, or method ; ite general aspect whs untidy end spiritless, and the teaching itself very me chanical. lJy training ( be (eacber seems capable of i mprov- ing.' In (be next report before bim the inspeotor stated— 'The school is moderately supplied with furniture and apparatus. Tbe reverse of cleanliness is a characteristic feature of tbe echoel. Very bad order tirerails, aud (he ir.oral (one is extremely low.' Thi6 term, ' moral (one, ' in the phraseology of sohool inspectors, meant the general (one cf (he inspectors ws to taenia! and moral power, 'iho next n port read, — 'The teacher has not been trained or examined. He possosees do testimonials of ability Jo teaoh. Hie attainments end practical skill are oxtremcly emalL I ccEt-ider him incompetent, and to be ineligible for training. Ihe school is conducted without a time -table. It u divided into five classes, upon what, principles it ia impos sible (o eay. The scboolhouse is a rude slab building, partly occupied with bags of uiaixe and ihe teachers furniture. The general condition of the school is very low.' In the next report the Inspector stated— ''The number present on the 7th January, 1867, was 27.* Tbe number present at inspection was 17. The teacher was appointed in March, I860, was neither trained nor examined, end has had no previous experience. He seems to be utterly ignorant of modern school management, and to bave no idea of teaching beyond the mere occupation of an individual (&lld; in the most mechanical manner. There is neither punctuality nor order in the school, nor even a (oltrable observance of ordinary tidiness.' The report of another tcUooI, also in a large town, was : 'Tbe assistant was never trained, bas not been examined, as£ is unable to furnish any testimonial of ability to teach. . She is not only incompetent for her present position, bat iB ineligible for training.' Now, these were some of the specimens, which might be enlarged to a great extent, of the total inefficiency ofthe teaching provided before this Act came intc operation. He should now refer to one or two other reports, not for tbe purpose of showing that the schools were small, and therefore improperly supported from Ihe public funds, nor yet for the purpose of showing (bat the teachers were nnfit, bnt to show that in the larger schools the system was so bad that teaching was almost utterly impossible. He came to tbe report of a school where the children present were 105, and the numher cn (he rf.ll 152. The report stated '-The organisation is bad, more especially as regards the younger pupils ; tbe discip'ine bad, and the tone of the school ia very unsatisfactory. The schoolroom could not Lave been swept for several days; the children were, many cf them, very dirty, and the (eacher, whose linen was far from clean, never wears a coat in tbe school.' (Laughter.) That wss the report of a large school in one of our cities. He now came to another school where the number on the rolls was 135, though the atte&dancs; was only sixty, Tho Inspector said 'The school premises are very good, and the supply of furniture alEo good, but it was so unsuitably erraiiged'that I spent seme considerable time in recasting the positions of the desks. The occupation of the pupils was very defective, tho instruction lame, and the disci pline bad.' Coining - to another school, also in h large country town, the Inspector's report wae ' l'Lc schoolroom is airy and spacious, and the furniture geed and sufficient. Tig organisation, is bad («ivtti classes ii hich 1 have directed to ce reduced to three) ; thedis;ipliae is wretched, (he elder children do as they please, the teacher aj p'aiir.tr to have no control over tbem.' The next report rttorred to s. school where there were lrichildren present at the inspection. Tbe inspector slated : ' The school premi S£S— used on Sundays for public worship— are airy and commodieu? ; the furniture is good and plentiful in supply, but owing to tbe dual occupation of tbe building, the ar ranfeiucnt of (be desks is very bad for school purposes. 1 he organisation, classification, and discipline are positively puzzling to describe; bad is an unsatisfactory word. Babel might justly te written against all the school operations.' lie then came to a large school in the city of Sydney where [he number of pupils present was 110, and the Inspector rrporttd ' There is an insufficiency of proper furniture; the few desks there are are attached to the walls of the schoolroom. The school records abound in errors, and eiitce a woeful lack of comprehension on the part of the teacher. The school is completely disorganised. The up roar and disorder which prevails is somewhat startling. 1c is difficult lo understand how teaching can ba oarried on iu the fece of such adverse circumstances. There are six classes ; hut (he principle npon which the classification ia bsscd is not easily discernible. A time table has not been constructed, and it is doubtful whether the teacher is able to construe! one. The teacher has not been trained, pnd her methods of teaching are purely haphazard and mechanical in character. Unless an immediate attempt is made lo render her moderately competent by training, it will prove a sheer waste of public money (o continue aid to tha school.' If any hon. gentleman desired to be informed further upon (his part of (he ' snbject, hie might be supplied with additional information u- almost any extent,' He thought, however, the examples he had read were sufficient to show that there had been a necessity for change, that- there had been an anxiely on the part of parents to give their children son/e such education that would open to them, perhaps, fairer paths Gf advancement than they themselves had fout-d— that these parents had appreciated tha former state of things, and now appreciated the change thst had taken place. Having given these instances of the swell and inefficient echools, rendered inefficient by want of care in providing teachers, and of the schsols where large numbers attended, rendered worse than inefficient by want of proper methods, he would now give instances in which falsification of the records had been resorted to in order fo obtain the public money. He had before him more than one case cf this kind. In the first instance, tbe Inspector reported, — The school waa in existence on the 1st January, 1867.' This wss a matter tbe Government had of necessity to ascertain, because tbey were under obligation by law to show a certificate by all Denominational schools that tbey were in existence at that time ; thus every Im-pcctor had lo report ibe existence of each and the state in which he found it. The report went on — ' The number Gf children present at tbe time of inspection was 56. There was no roll-book in tbe Fcbool. It should be borne iu mind that it was an im prrtiint duty in all schools supported by the State in this colony, and he believed everywhere else, to beep an account of attendances, because (here was no other means of knowing whether the children attended to be instructed or not. But in Ibis school no roll-book existed, or, in other . wc-ids, lo record of what children attended the school, 'Tbe (eacber staled that it was al his lodgings aud could not be sulmitted, as his house was locked aud the inmates were away lor Ibe day. At my request he afforded me an oppor tunely of inspecting tbe class-roll on Satnrday last, the 23rd instant, at tlie Mtltagong Railway station. Il has been kept in a very indifferent manner. The entries seem to have Lein made recently, and not from day lo day. There are none for the last quarter of 18SC. The registers of the Roman Catholic school at Sutton Forest, when it was under tbo charge of this teacher, were kept iu a cirelesg wuy. I consider lbc statistics compiled irow (hear lo bo untrustworthy. The number of children enrolled is 62 ; the average attendance recorded for the last ten weeks ia 49'6.' Hon. members could have little doubt that this roll bwk VBf- made up for inspection. Take another instance. The inspector reports ' Nnrubcr of pupils on the roll,—; present, 17. 2. Tl' e Echool bad been nadly taught, or, I should rather say, had not been taught at all, by tbe late tescher Mr. Timothy Brebnun. The pupils were (one and all) unable to pass the most simple examination in any of the subjects in which they were supposed to have been in structed. Mr. Brennan is, in mv opinion, quite dis qualified for the office of teaoher. He hflfl neglected ixie school dulies ; he acknowledges that he hae been guilty of drunkenness, and also that he has been . in the habit of falsifying hia school records.' In the next case the inspector said—' 1. The school waa in existence on tbe let January, 1867. 2. Inconsequence ef (he almost impassable elate of the roads, I was unable to arrive at Nimitjbelle before the school had closed for the day (Friday). Pour children -were represented in tbe class-roll aa having attended the school upon Ibat day. Upon inquiry I found that the actual 'number was two, and that the teacher had habitually falsified the school records, several ohildreu are marked as present, although continuously sieent, I place no dependence whatever upon the statistics of the school. The teacher, Mrs. Wilton (formerly Miss B. H. Bosnian), admitted that she bad made false entries ; but remarked tbat sbe did not make tbem of her own accord, but by direction of a person who is officially connected with the school, whose name she declined to give, Sbe farther stated Ibat when the school was under the lata Denomi national Board, at the request of parente, ahe ; marked children present when thev were absent, .so that tbe school might not be abolished. Apparently, she failed to see ihe immorality of ths praollca.' He now came to a case with reference to which he felt com pelled to give the name, as he should not only read the inspector's report, but the letter of the teacher himssIL It was also due to the hon. member for Eden, beoausc it was in hia constituency. He was new speaking of the Bega Roman Catholic school. Tbo inspector said ' In exa mining tbe dass-roU. of this school I was led to doubt its correctness from this bat, that no half-day attendances were marked,' Hon. gentlemen would see that where these records were wrrectlykept there would be continually half- day attendance^ ; btff knowing tbat children would occasionally (stop or be .lept' away for half -days, and finding jloo'. reoorfs of that kindi it was a fair presumption . that ths records had been made up and not properly kept from day -to -day, ' I oompared it with the class-rolls of the other schools in the (own, and fannfl tbat two 'girls, pupils In the; Publio school, had been Vrepreeentedas attending the. Public and Roman Catholic Schools at the stms timfi. When 'the dis crepancy was pointed out to - the teaofrer of the Public school, he requested me to wait upon the parents of the children so bbJo ascertain, the truth of. -the matter. - Mrs. Galli, tbeir mother, informed 'me that thejr attended the Roman Caiholictchcol, one for ono day only and the other for a day end a-wtlf. Acoording to this class-roll' of that school tbey appeared to have been in ' atlendanoe for iive weeks in the last _ quarter of 1896, for three weeks in tbe first aud two Weeks in the second quarter of (he present year. 'Hr.- Qutnlivan, the teacher, admitted thst be bod made false ?'?sautes lespectisg these — ? ? , — ; ? — ? — - -wked that if left children, end, in doing so, reu. done it. The to himself he would not have . '--d him Mr. admission was not made until I hantu ~ents. He Bruine's letter with the cortificate from the pi. . insent also stated (hat on wet days be had marked ohildren * -i[y ' although (hey were absent, regarding (hem as 'motv present.' (Laughter.) I have received the ecclosea letters from Mr. Quinlivan since 1 left Bega.' This gentleman wrote to tbe inspector upon the aubjeot of i (he school, admitting the falsification. He said : — ' Bags, l&th; June, 1S67. Sir, — With reference to the attendance ot (he two Gallis at the Roman Catholic School, Bega, I beg lo stale that they have been marked present when absent, 'J he pastor went repeatedly to try and get them to attend, and it was on the strength'of that I marked them present, I have marked some present on wet days, regarding them as morally present. (Laughter.) I think you, Mr. Inspector, could see (hat (he marking of the Gailis was not a wilful falsification on my part, and had I not been under influence (influence from which I now desire (o be freed) I would never have marked any one present but (hose in attendanco. Should the Council of Kduoation deem Ibis sufficient cause for my dismissal, I willingly submit to their decision ; at the same time 1 wish it to be diMinctly understood, as my character is at stake— (laughter)— in (his, (bat I never intended it, I repeat, aa a -wilful falsification. I am, Sea. Signed— P. Quinlivan, feather. P.S.— They attended the school for one or two days, ana it was after their admia sion 1 marked them, although cot in attendance.' The teacher of the Public School at Bega wrote thus to (be inspector Bega, 18th June, 1867. Sir, — With reference to your observations upon alleged discrepancy between the class.roll of the Bega l'ublic school, and tbat of (he Bega Roman Catholic school. I kavo the honour (o forward enclosed certificate.—! have, &c.;, signed William Henry Brains.' Tho follow ing was the certificate enclosed ' Bega, 18th June, 1867- —This is to certify that our children, Annie and Dominica Galli, have attended the Bega Public School from 9ih April, 1866, to the present date, with this excep tion, viz Annie was at (he Bega Roman Catholic school on Monday and part of Tuesday, 12th and 13;h November, 1866, end Dominica on Monday, 12th November, 1865— the entire attendance of our children at the Bsga Roman Catholic school being : Dominica, one day; Annie, one day and a half. Signed, Cusbles Gaxli, Smlmi Gaxli.' Now here was a case in which the teaoher of one of the;e schools wee compelled, under the strongest influence that could be brought to bear upon him, lo falsify these returns, after the clergyman had, day after day, tried to seduce these children frem the Public school against the pirente'- wish, 'i he teacher (ben eaid he was instructed to represent them as present, because, having been applied to by the clcrgjman, they were considered to be 'morally present.' Whatever objections might be raised lo Ihe new body entrusted with tho very important and responsible duty oh administering the magni ficent grants of Parliament for public education, they could not be blamed for bringing tbe truth to ligbt in these parti culars. It would be observed that tbey had in no way gone about trying lo make up a case. In no single instance had tbey sought to bring forward evidoncc ; the facts he had laid before the House having coiue forth in thecoureeof that dufy (hey were compelled by law (o perform, in order that they might see whether certain schools existed, and to ascertain the state of instruction that existed in them. They had givtn^o orders lhatany facts of this kind Bhould be sought, (be instructions being given to see that the schools existed, and t b tit ihe Council sbould be informed of the state of education iu (hose schools. He said in a former part of his addrersthnt tho Council of Education had been supported by the pubb'c in the administration of the Act' The facts he had adduced of to many applications for new schools, applications representing fairly and honestly all eectious of the people, was sufficient to prove what he'had advanced. But he might go even further than that, and say there had not been any ecn'ous complaint made. He did not know of one. Tho tegul. lions — and he would like to say here that the regulation* as well as all the documents issued from the Council were framed by tbat very ablo and valuable public servant, (he Secretary, of whom it was impossible too highly to praise— were merely passed by (he Council, The Council had nothing to do with them beyond revising Iheiu. He thought it necessary to say that because he believed that n wrong impression had gone abroid. They were not altered, nor did any member of tbe Council wish to im prove upon (hem, as (bey possessed in the person ef tfceir secretary, a man of great ability, of varied accomplishments, to draw up the documents they issued. Those docnuiente had been cor dially accepted by all classes of the community. Tbe children of the Roman Catholic laity attended the Public school? in the proportion, as he had shewn, which tha Church bore lo the population of ths country ; and be miphr my tbat tbe cordial and unhesitating support the Coul nl ha£ received frem all (be other denominations of the ilrrgy, except one, was another proof their popularity. They had not only brought into existence these 5i Public schools, hut it was a fact that there were nine Denomina tional schools which were in the course of being converted into Public schools , with the sanction of their clergy. (Her.r, bear.) Tbere were also 28 teachers who had applied to bo transferred from Denominational to Public erfiools. [Mr, EGAN : They'd get belter pay, I suppose ] They would not get belter pay. [Mr. MACPHBRS0N : Tee they do.] There had been no single application to convert a Public school into a Denominational school There had not been a single application made by a teacher to be- transferred from a Public school to a Denominational school ; and he might mention further, that distinguished Jeraymen had waited npon bim and called upon the sc-cietary (o (he Council of Education t) express their cordial desire to co operate in workiog out the Act. One gentleman, the minister of a large district, a person wia (Djojed (he respect of tbe colony, had waited upon bim to telf him that he was anxious to convert the whole of the schools under bis contrcl into Publia schools. (Hear, hear.) He was in a position to say more than this. Only a day or two ego the Lord Bishop of Sydney and a number nf his clergy sought and had a conference with the Council of Kducation. This conference was asked for some days befero hand by (be Bishop, and the Council required him to submit in writing the subjects he desired to confer npon. lie did so, tbe conference took place, and lasted a whole forenoon, during which time these subjects were fuUy con sidered. Amongst others the question which now formed Ihe subjcct of debate arose ; and, tbe Lord Bishop e.f Sjdtey, in the presence of the Dean of Sydney and other clergymen, said he bad no objection to raise to these books which the hon, member objected to, He Urlioved tbeee b joks were acceptable to nearly the whole of tbe- population, and he believed that the oJly body of i-'tntltmen who strongly objected to them were the clergy of the Roman Catholic Church. He did not desire to speak with disrespect ef them, bat he really believed that tha objections to the books were confined almost entirely to the clergy. If not, bow came it tbat amongst these children one- third were Roman Catholics? Notwihstanding the tremendous efforts made to compel Catholic parents not to send their children to the schools, still so strong was tho Retire to raise tbeir children, that it rose above that love which was eo strong in favour of (heir clergy, and, in spite of all efforts lo the con trary, these Catholic children did attend in num bers proportioned to tbeir number in the popu lation. Another conference of the Bishops was held with a mm, ber ot the Government, He (Mr. Parkes). had the hoiMiur of being waited upon by Bishops of the Roman Catholic Church, and amongst other things their lordships laid before bim, as a member of the Government, a paper stating what they considered (o be absolute conditions for their concurrence in any system of public edooation. In this paper one proposition was that in mixed schools the Roman Catholic pupils should receive no religious instruction, moral or doctrinal, in common with the children of other denominations. This was cne of (he (hinge which they said were indispen sable. A few days afterwards thd Vicar-General of the Roman Catholic Church addressed a letter ta the Council of . Education, enclosing a series of resolutions which had been adopted at a conference of Roman Catholic clergy. The first resolution was : — ' That we, the Catholic clergy ofithe diccese of Sydney, cannot, atid will not, accept any scries of books for ubc in our primary achoola which shall not have received the sanction of our Arohbishop. That Ihe series of school books published by tbe Christian Brothers, and also the series at present used in the Roman Catholic schools of England, under tbe Privy Council eyetcm of education, having been sanctioned by bis Grace tho Archbishop, either of these series will be accepted lor use in our schools.' It would be recollected that in their memorandum the bisbo[ g stated that tbey could not submit to any religious teaching in mixed schools, and it would be reoollected the proper, authority of their Church objected io the series of hooks spoken of, and desired to substitute one or other of '(be (wo series mentioned in (he Vicar General's resolutions. In all Ibese Roman Catholic Denominational schools there was a large proportion of Protestant children, and the Act whioh the Legislature passed expressly provided tbat so child should be vcfufcad admission into any Deno minational school on acoount of its parents' creed. As a fact, tbere were many Protestant children in ihe Roman Catholic Schools, and bs tbis was interesting be would read to the House a list of Roman Catbglie Schools wilh tbe proportions of Protestants and Roman Catholics in (hem. At St. I^eonards there was a Roman Catholic Sohool, in wbich there were 71 pupils, 40 of whom weie Roman Catholics and 22 Protestants, At Kincumber, tbere were 44 children in a school, 28 were Roiuan Catholics and 10 Protestants. At Surragong there was a school of (15 children, 34 of whom were Roman Catholics and 31 Protestants. At Penrith there were 08 pupils in a Catholic School, 64 of whom were Catholios and 14 Protestants. At Ryde there were 87 in a sohool, 15 were Roman Catholics .and 22 we:e Protestants. At Richmond there were 101 children in a school, ?IS were Catholics and 48 were Protestants. At Windsor, in a school cf 160 pupils, there were 130 Roman Catholics and 20 Protestants. At Appfn, in a school of fit, there were 36 Catbolios.and 18 Protestants. At Jamberoo, in a sohool oC 67, there were 40 Catholios and 17 Protestants. . Ai Spaniard's Hill, fn a school of 68, there were 65 Roma* : Catholics and 13 Protestants, At Grafton, fn a school of 70, (here wcfc 43 Catholics and 27 Protestants. Al Hartley, in a school of 32, there were SO Catholios and 12 Protestants. At Berrima, in a school of 52, there were 84 Catholios and 16 Protestants, At MlLta eovff in a school of 02, there were 42 Ca tholics and 20 Prolestauts. At Nerrigundah, in a school of OS, thcrsj were 41 Catho lcs and 22 Protestants. At Yass, in a school of 112 scholars, there were Tt Catb.olioa and 19 Protestants. Let hon. members recollect that tbe Roman Catholio bishops objected to iciligioua teaching, but that the official organ of the Reman Catholic Church demanded that we should inbstHute fur oftr secular books, which, tnujht, ths .children to read and write simply, which were offensive to nobody, wbich did not convey any religious instruction, bnt merely teugbt reading, writing, arithmetic, and grammar— that we should substitute for them books of one of the series -mentioned in (he resolutions he had read. Here wai a primer, a book for teaching children their ABC : — ' When you come to school, you make Ihe sign of the orosi before ou begin your lessons. You make it eioh time -? '?lock strikes, and when you eay your prayers.' ?n® - ' - was what the bon. member's motion asked us to And (bta 1 tear.) As far as a resolution of the House i f| :. -he hon. member would break the F° JL° 1 £ After all the battle for preserving tho Jaw. (Hear, hear.; instruction, hon. members would best system or secultt vl this resolution. - This (the destroy it all ff (hey passo. ,hioh we were to introduce primer) was one of the books Bishop's assertion into these ecbtjols in Uie faoe oi injtruc&on;! What that they objected to religious . nrooeedings of consistency was there in the t. -inmnTRnnt these gentlemen f Then theito was the E*. from the ecquel to the one he had just quoted - - In this book, which it was proposed to pnt into the of tbe twen(y-two Protestant ohildren at Ryde, where (here were only fifteen Roman Catholio children, wero the following words ' When a priost says Mass, he wants some one to watt on him, to answer him in the prayers, and 10 move his book. This ia oalled serving at Mess. Little boys are generally chosen to serve Ihe priest ; end wben they have to do this they ought f o think it the greatest honour that can be done (hem. We should think it an honour to wait upen a king, but God is tbe King of kings, and when a boy serves at mssB he is wailing upon God. He standing close to the altar, which iB God'e throne. When he rings the bell, J esns Christ is on that altar, and (be angels axe all around it ; fer they come tbere to adore our Lord. What care, therefore, a little boy should take to be devout and respectful when be serves at mass I ' This was what they were asked to pnt into thehandB of their Protestsnt children. [An , hon. member : It is absurd.} If absurd, why not accept the books the Council gives— Ihe highest class books that could be obtained for money for teaching tho rudiments of secular instruction. In the face nf the declaration tbat the Bishops did not wish us to give their children religious instrnction, they asked the Council to abrogate the law to Withdraw tbe books which tbe Council had sanctioned and substitute (heee for (hem. He had read specimens of one of (hese series, end ho would sow read a specimen of anolher. from the ' Christian Brothers' series. This was the first, or A, B. C. book, and the specimens which be should read were as follows 'As there is but one God, so there is but one true faith, and cne true Church. By tbe grace of God, I am in this church, where 1 have (be (rue faith I should often make the sign of the cross (f), that is, bless myself. I should also leatn what that holy sign means, and take care not to make it in too great haste. Even a child like me should make acts of faith, hope, and love. Then I will often say, 'Ottv God ' I believe in thee, and in all thy Church teaches.'' (Hear, hear. An hon. member : ' Tbere is no harm in it,') Perhaps not ; but this was what theywere asked to put into the hands of Protestant children. Would the hon. gentleman (a Roman Catholic) like his child to be reared in tkc doctrines of the Protestant faith ? The Aot provided (hat no child ehonld be refused admission into a school cn account of his religious faith, and this being so, no book should be permitted (hat gave ofience to the religious faith of any child. The Roman Catholic Bishops objected to any religions instruction at all, and yet with marvellous inconsistency tliey aeked the Council to with draw the books cow provided, and substitute these books which certainly ought not to be placed in the hands of Protestant children. The Bame book from which he had quoted, had the following story:— 'A poor girl, lying on her death bed, was visited by two of the Sisters of Charity '—and he begged to be understood that he wasepeaking with areverential feeling, and with profound rrspeel for those ladies who had done eo much good in the w orld. ?? A poor girl, lying on her death-bed, was visited by two ef the Bisters of Charity. They found her instructed in the duties of religion, and well disposed for the awful passage to eternity. On visiting ber a second time, thsy pereeived that her lei* hour was fast approaching; aud cmo cf tbem having reminded her ef it, exhorted her te invoke the Blessed Virgin, whose intercession is moat powerful at that trying moment ; the poor girl raised her i-'ying e}cs. looked at the lady for a moment, aud replied, (batshehad gone to theoonvect school, where ehe had been tfeught to say the Hall! Mary, whenever sho heard the -)rik ttiike, and that she had continued to do so even when fie wis selling roo(a in the market. She then buret forth iito ihe mcst ardent expressions of (he consolations whioh 11 afforded her, and of tbe confidence ehe had that the Hlettcd Virgin would not now desert her.* She died sjon aifter. This wss, indeed, a holy practice, and one that cannoL be too strongly recommenecd to young peraoi.s. It tends to remind (hem of death', and to exoit their confidence in the protection of the Mother of God. 'ihe Hail! Mary, is one of the most excellent prayers we cin use. Part of it was brought from Heaven by the angel Gabriel, when he came to an r.hur ee to (he Blessed Virgin tbat she was fo be the mother of God ; part of it was spoken by St. Elizabeth, inspired by tbe Holy Ghost, when the Blessed Virgin went to visit her ; and part of it wae made by the Church. How beau tiful are the words of which it is composed ! ' Hail, Mary, full of grace, the Lord is with thee ; blessed art thou among women, and blessed is the ftuit of thy womb, Jesus. Holy Man, mother of God, pray for us sinners now, and at tho tiaio of our death. ' Amen.' A child who says this little prayer ten or twelre timos in the day, wiU have said it about (our thousand times at the end af the year. If like this poor girl, he were on bis deathbed and could reflect tbat t.e bad said this prayer pionely euch a number of times, vL&' consolation would ft sot afford him ? May he not confidently hope that the Blessed Virgin, on whom he had railed so frequently daring life, would not forsake him at that awful tuomest when he will most stand in need of her atsisiance ? Remember, however, tbat it is not by merely prcjicg to the Blessed Virgin you can save your soul. It in l.y leading a good iifb. But if you pray IVeqacctly (o her she will obtain for you, from Gtd, tbe grace which will enable you to do so, t he will obtain for you also the greatest of all graces, a ' happy death.' ' Now, would his hon. friend the member for Goulburn, cr bis hon. and rev. friend the member for West Sydney, who sent his children to school to be taught the ludiments of an English education, like this He did not question the piety of those who taught this, but he would eay (bat it was not intended by the Parliament of ibid country, when it passed the Public Schools Act, nor was it intended by the House at the present moment (.hear, keei ), to enact or sanction that ths children who i'.ttir dtd Ihe mixed schools, which w«re thrown open to all, should be taught (be rudiments of a secular education in conjunction with religious doctrines. These books did not ( top witb the extracts he had read, but time would not peiniitbim to read more. Tbere wore, moreover, passages in these books wbich were of a highly seditious nature. This was no plaoe to talk ot (be wrongs of Ireland, nor was be going to raise any question as to how that country had htgi governed, but be did not think it would become the members of this Government, holding office under the Uact-n. (o sanction what was co more nor less than sedi(ion. (Hear, hear.) If parents desired to have their children tsughl sedition there were places where it oonld be taught, but this House ought not to teach it. He thought he had tbown (hat a great change was urgently needed ic t£o t dminlstration of the Parliamentary gran(e far edu cation. No one of unprejudiced mind would doubt that this Public Schools Act was suited to the complicated nature of things as they existed in the colony. He might ever point to (be sister colony sf Victoria, where a more sweeping measure was introduced into Parliament, and, by being so, foiled. The Act in this colony, by reason of its moderate character, bad succeeded, and be ventured lo say that it had proved a great auocess. , (Hear, bear.) Any measure that bad been instrumental in planting fifty seven schools in seven months where they had not before existed, end had carried tbe means of educaUon to no fewer ' than 2500 children, who, without it, would not have bad iiny education at all, was a great and eminent success. ? (Hear, hear.) If it had not proved bo successful there were many reasons and apologies- which could have been given why it bad not proved success ful. Tbe work was. great ;, tbe- measure re- ! quired great labour and -much time, but notwithstanding thie, by close application on the part of ths Council, the Act had been brought into effective operation. An idea ef tbe labour of the Counoil may be gathered from the fad lliattfcty had held fifty-two meetings, nearly all of. them comme ncing at 3 o'clock in the aftemcon, and continuing till a late hour in the evening. Thie wae a sufficient mirror . of fhe labours of those gentlemen, who received no reward. If the. Government bad shown tbat this Act was & great success through the labours of those gentlemen, the House would be slow to lend itself fo a motion so mischievous in its design as tbat before the House. He felt sure that the intelligence which, carried (trough (be Aot witb such triumphant pnccess would, watoh with jealous eyes any attempt to interfere with il. (Hoar, bear, and cheers.) Let tbe Act go on a.ressooable time. So far it hed been worked honeslly, zealously, and with e single desire to benefit the jcoIoej, wilt till the end-of the year and (ben institute any inquiry the House might think fit ; and be did not think the House would be doing its daty unless seme inquiry were instituted. He oonsidsted ft was the duty of tbe House, at the proper time, to institute the most searching inquiry, to knew how the granta for educational purposes were administered, but it nu only fair to ssk the House to leave it till that time. If the Aot was foiled to bo defective, then cure its defects, but let tbem not rfctidtr (t valueless by such an absurd set ot aelf^tulti&ca-; fion~-by adopting a resolution which, if not mischievous in its i fleets, was on accounlof (he feeble power behind it, (Cbtere) 