WOLLONGONG. [FROM OUR. COHHB8I-0ND8.VT.] ' | CnicKET-AiionioiNAl.8 v liLAWAUUA-Tbo Aboriginal team arrived at Wollongong on Thursday afternoon, and on Friday morning the match was commenced The weather was exceedingly inclement the whole of the time. The Aboriginals losing the toss were sent in first, and she needed running up a total of 116 Mullagh added another to the numerous laurels he has won lately by playing a splendid innings of 45 without giving the ghost of a chance remaining at the wickets for three hours and a half. and seeing eight or nine changes in the bowling Bullocky was in for half an-hour without scoring Wills' £7 were made in his usual peculiar style, nearly all being singles The Illawarra C C then went to the wickets, but the bowling of Lawrence (who took five wickets for 1 true), and Wills was so good that they were all disposed of for 20 They declined to followed their innings and the match was therefore won by the Aboriginals by 96 runs, Scores - AnoniorvArj Iilawabha Lawrence b Hegarty 5 T Galvin, lbw, b Lawrence 0 Bullocks c Galvin, b Maher 0 Hegarty, c Dick, b W illa S Cuzens has b Hegarty 8 M Court, b Lawrence 1 Mullagh Richards Maher R I Lahiff, b Wills 2 Teddy, by Galvin 0 Smith c Wills b Lawrence 1 Wills not out 27 Richards, not out 2 Dick b Maher 0 J Galvin, b Wills 0 Peter, b Cole 3 J Hegarty, lbw, b Lawrence 7 Jcllico.cM'Court, bT Gavin T Maher, b Lawrence 0 Harper, b Cole 0 John Richards, lbw, b Wills O Dick a Dick b Cole J Cole, b Wills 4 B 10lb bow 14, at J 37 Byes 3 116 20 At the conclusion of the match a programme of athletic sports was offered. For the standinghighjump, Jelliooand Tarpot tied at 4 feet 8 inches for the prizes, Mullagh and Cuzens also tied at 4 feet 7 inches. The running high jump was won by Dick a-Dick, who cleared 5 foot 6 inches, Mullagh 5 feet 4 inches, and Tarpot 5 feet 3 inches, defeating one or two local competitors The next event was a flat race of 100 yards, for which seven started, including Tarpot, Dick a-Dick, and Mullagh Tarpot; appeared to be winning easily, when he was first crossed and then completely fouled by Richards, causing him to lose the race by a yard, Macready being first and pick-a-back third In consequence of the nature of the foul Mr Wills declined to allow his men to contend any further, and the sports were brought to an abrupt conclusion. It is only right to state that the winner, who generously offered to divide the prize with Target, was in no way to blame, and also, that the spectators expressed their disapprobation of the affair The Aboriginals have now contended in over a hundred differ oat events, and there has never been a protest or the slightest allegation of unfairness against any one of them an example that is not always imitated, oven on the Albert Ground. In conclusion, the courtesy of Mr. Thrift, of Wollongong, who was incessant in his endeavours to promote the comfort of the team, deserves a honourable nion tion. I 