NEWS OF THE WEEK. Some days have been wasted during the past week by the Legislative Colincil in an utterly useless debate -^pon the inevitable Judge Boothby. The Hon. J Baker is responsible for this, by bringing forward a motion for -granting leave to His Honor to prosecute -an appeal to the ^rivy Council. This-, ?if carried, would \- -amount to nullifying the- decision of the Executive Council, and re- instating the ex- Judge on the Bench. .-The ^,et of granting him leave would be a tacit recognition that Mr. Boothby had inot been dismissed. We would ask if*t more senseless waste of time than this-; can he very well conceived? --How are fesefui measures to receive tiirir full measure of attention, if the time ofth« Houso ii 4o be thus frittered : -away ? 'There . are questions . before 'the -country that san guine1' persons might hope some good would arise from /ottt of a discussion upon, but hetce 'tlae; case was perfectly hopeless. ~ | What is the ;duty of the custodian f the public puifie under the extremely^ difficult circumfitances sunder which he is placed in relation to this visit of H.R.BL the Btike of Edinburgh-? On the ohej side he is' taunted with extravagance, on the j other ? hfe r is overwhelmed with, reproaches for rparsin-ony. Nor is this the worst. -The unhappy man is blamed frequently by the eaine person with bothi uiggardness and prodigality, all in the same breath. But leavingfor a moment the Treasurer out of the questron, it) is .impossible but to admit .there has been throughout the most profound mis management in regard; to 'this contem- ' plated visit almost conceivable. Excepting for a few lines in the TTuited ' 'Service Gazette, which are intensely believed ;by some, and scouted as utterly unworthy^ of credit by others , no one seems to know when H. K.H.'g arrival may be looked for. , Further, no one can doftbt, 'that a most reckless and senseh ss expen diture of money has been authorised by the Executive Committee in Adelaide. We do not believe in the mythical figures which some persons have allowed their. imaginations to impress upon them as facts, and which are said to represent the probable bill of costs, but one thing we ^are quite certain of, that if the Treasurer epmes before Parliament with a bill for half^G 30,000, the Chief Secretary lieed not be ldhg before he writes out his own resignation, and that of his colleagues, to be placed in the hands of His i Excellency. -Then yesterday a .trifling account was sent in from some country towns, -asking for ;£L, 600, which probably cloes hot represent half the ultimate amount'- to be applied for. Bespecting this ite'ta,Tve taay say, that if £3,000 is tiow paid out of the public treasury for 'erecting arches in country towns, it will be a perfectly imbecile waste of money , which I is urgently wanted for better purposes. W e yield to none in loyalty to the Queen, and- we would 'wish to see H.B.H. enter tained in a manner becoming his rank, but we are unable to «ee that loyalty is expressed, or that His Boyal Highness will be either entertained ojypieased by our makiag his visit 4kpubUe calamity, as it-wotdd be^if tffdney is-recklessly thrown away in the proposed fashion. The only part of the programme that will he sans pet or and sans r^«JcAe, will be the face of the country over which he will travel, which will be covered with 'a Tverdure '-iseldom seen this colony. South Ai^trtlia has' been ^putting on her best bib and tucker to receive H.3J.H. ^and he seeing it alter these late rains in the- first flush of spring, will be 'muclfc Jubre pleased than he^would be Hk«3y tohave been, had his visit occurred \- iu ivuttiuirt. - 'The great land question-may be fairly considered to have progressed one -stag^ in 'its existence. It has passed frota th^ chrysalis to the butterfly state. 'Very little doubt will exist in the minds of thinking persons as to what^will be the most important points of the s vstem that is -coming. -The point *at issue* now, is ^whether the Government should deal with the matter at onee, or wait till a new: Parliament has been elected. We are unable to see any -good or valid reason why action should be any longer delayed. In a short-lived Parliament it, cannot be right to blot out in the last -.sesion pf its existence, all -important matters, on ther plea of a coming election. -The voice of the country has been heard unmis takeably on the matter. Three elections have, lately taken place for the Council in which electors all over South Aus tralia have' voted. No candidate came forward who did not declare himself in favor of an Amended Land Act. If from any ;Teason, three elections for the Assembly had to take place, no candidate Would stand the ghost of a chance of being returned, who did not advocate reform on this subject. There may be some reasons why Government should not commence so important a measure low. It is probable they may have as much on their hands as they can get through this session. Electors have taken eare: to send men into Parliament with such a talent for spouting, and spouting to no earthly purpose, that it is scarcely possible to pass half the useful measures required. Spouting at the present time is the curse of South Australia. The daily papers are crammed with speeches . from all parts of the colony^ of which? there is not the remotest chan e of their ever accomplishing one fraction of good, or being read by any one but the makers thereof. Bitter are the complains of all' editors under this heading. If M.P.s and other speakers would but endeavor to compress the maximum of matter into the minimum of space, instead of trying to diffuse the minimum of good sensed over the maximum ot words, what g&nersL; we all should be. But in the face of all this, we maintain it is the plain duty of ? the Government to deal with the faad -question at once. We do liot like the -idea of W interim, Governments, of Ministries which hold office with their ^ hands folded before £hem, Waiting till a convenient season arrives. And even if the present Ministry -were thrown out upon the subject— « not at all unlikely; result to ^follow, if .'they attempted to grapple with it — they would go to the country with very much stronger hands than if- they had shirked *the responsi bility of their position; The proceedings in the House oi Assembly have not been of great interest during the past week. A Bill is to be brought in by the Government to pro vide for greater safety to farmers against the ravages of bush fires. =The Waste Lands, or Squatting Concession Act, has* been pushed forward somewhat. *Th» Northern Bailway Bill has been read^a second lame, 'and a 'debate has taken place upon grants to- country institutes. We take it there is no better mqnby - expended than this, but there appears \o be some system upon which suciu graots should be given. The public libraries andinstitht^ scattered broadcast through . Australia, arefone of the glories of the colony, and bear pointed evidence , to the fact that the legislators bf' 'the day, whatever may have been their, short comings, have been alive to thedfitellec? - tual wants of the rising generation. f ''y' - ;;; — v ?? V The CdBtoBATiOir Chambebs. — 'Some considerable - and Te^y] much, needed im provements have been effected by the present Corporation at but a -trifling cost in the chambers Where ti e/ hold their - weekly sittings. The room in wliich they meet has been lengthened, and along table substituted for the old round one, at which there was scarcely sufficient Toom for the Mayor and each Councillor fo mt comfortably. -That in summer time will, be a great boon, for with the length therein -sittings are how protracted to, and the still larger amduut of^ime thev promise to consume if thev continue to extend at the present ratio, it would have been positively unhealthy to remain -cooped up in a small apirt m&nt; dtfring hot weather. Some lixe agot it was contemplated to meet, later in the afternoon-hut this was over-ruled, and it would seem'Vise]y -by the casting vote of the Mayor, for according^ t a -pre- sent appearances it would be more ad visable to begin fim thirigin themorning, i when -'there might 'be a prospect of getting business over by sunaown. If this suggestion is not acted upon, it would perhaps be as well Ibr each Coun cillor to bring his night cap with him, and beds might be appropriately^proVided. upon which they rijight St intervals re cruit exhausted nature, arict 'then with: renewed ^energy engage in the work before them. NoBTHEfiif Riexe AssrociATroir. — The Committee bf the Northern Bifle Asso ciation formed in this vicinity met on Monday evening, at the Gawler Arms, to arrange ~a programme, Ac., for the forthcomkig batches, 'which are to com mence on the.' 25th instant. From the programme'which* Was advertised in the Register on the 18th instant, it will be seen that' liberal prizes 'are offered, for which a' large number of the best shots in the col jny may be expected to com pete. Gjcwleb Institute. — Committee meet ings of the Institute were held on Satur day, the 14th, and Tuesday, the 17th instant, at which an address was resolved upon praying for a grant of £1,500 towards paying the cost of the erection of a fitting and proper building to hold the library and museum of the Institute, and which address will be pesented to ^rarnaffiemnjj — CTre~~Jpi,ia»meub — ^ Martin, Esq., M.P.). The Committee have expended about £700 in the pur chase of a suitable piece of land, 'and another block worth about £200 has been presented to them. The amount of about £500 can be raised in the town by private subscriptions, and as the library with its 4,000 volumns, together with the museum, is estimated to be worth about £1,500, it seems that the Committee have a strong case to lay before the House of Parliament. The interior of -the Beading room has been rendered very much more attractive and comfortable by the purchase of 24 arm chairs, and an addition to the library will shortly be made of a number of valuable books. A resolution was also arrived at to present to H.E. H. on his visit to Gawler a handsomely bouud eopv of the Song of Australia, which is the property of the Institute, with a suitable inscrip tion thereon. The Committee then ad journed for a fortnight. Post-Office Notice. — Letters and newspapers will be received at the Office of this town up to 7 o'clock a.m. on Saturday morning, the 28th instant, for despatch by the next overland mail for Great Britain, the Continent of 'Europe, &C.; Cheap Muttos1. — Surely no one ic. this neighbourhood can con plain of the present high price of provisions. Last Saturday Mr. S. BradJy had 50 carcases* | of mutton for sale wnich he disposed of at from 6s. to 7s. 6d each. To-day we are informed he will , be prepared to sell I to all comers at similar prices. H.M.S. Gaiatea— We extract the following from the United Service Gazette ofJline|?;~'Xroyase ofH-M.S. Galatea. — The following may be interesting to those who have 'relatives on board' the Galatea, under the command of His Royal Highness the Duke of Edinburgh, K.G. The ship having arrived at Madeira was to leave that anchorage ©n June 18, ahd reach Bio about July 8 - to leav e there on the lOfeh, and to arrive itt the Cape of Good Hope July 24 ; to leave the Cape on August 22, and to reach Adelaide about September 20 - to reaeh Melbourne on October 1, Hobart Town on October 24, Sydney November 5, Brisurane December % so as to reach Wellington, New Zealand, on Christmas » Day.' M Hawest Pbosjects. — The late wel oome rains have hightened the hopes of the farmers in this ^strict, and with average weather it is confidently hoped J1™ wheat ffi the com vug season mil be -equal to that of the last. The prospects, are also good for exportation to England of our surplus produce. Kecent advices received from thence represent that the ^present harvest is not expected to be at all above an average pne, and with the shortness of 'supply on hand, prices will he likely to ride at a ^ W.WdK.me profit t oa exporter from this colony after «£ expenses and freight are paid. 