MISCELLANEOUS. 1 ? Why a man lifting a side of bacon off a hook to be pitiied ?— ? Because he's a poor eifeaturfer (pork readier. At a liaby convention, in Mass achusetts, fifteen! ino'theVs were present, and, oft a Vote for ftie' prettiest, each baby got one vote. p.O.I.it., initials of the title borne by Head-Centie Stephens, is thus explained by his dupes — 'Cunning Old Irish Renegade, who Gome's it Oter Irish Republic ans/ A teacher said to a little girl at school, c If a naughty girl slioiild hurt you, like' a good girl you would forgive her, would'nt you ?' — c Yes, ma'am,' she replied ' if I could'nt catch her !' A' back- woodsman, finding iairn* self one iiigl'it in a theatre of a) border town, where the music was somewhat interrupted by tfie cry ing of a baby, shotited out, Stop them fiddles and let the child cry; I haven't heard such ftiusic these ten years !' A simple rustic boy, trudging along with a loftf of tjread tinder each arm, met the squire of the parish, who, offended at his want of ^ obeisance, sternly said, * Boy ! 1 think you might touch your hat.' — rf So I wool,* replied the bojr, * if you'll hold one of my loaves,' 4 Are a man and his wife one ?* asked the wife of a mall in ft state of stupefaction, as she was holding his aching head in both hands. ' Yes, I suppose sfy' ttas the reply. ? Well, then,' said slify 4 1 came home intoxicated last Hight, aiid I ought to be ashatned of my seif. ^ ^ What most resembles it pretty , girl bathihg ? — A diving bell(e). Why is a newspaper like a wife ? —Because every man ought to have one of his own. tl?he wave of a laceTedged cam bric handkerchief, is a wave on which many a poor fellow has been carried aWayv » When is a storm like a fish after i a hook? — When It i!s going toM abate (a bait). Why are porters in great houses like poultry ?— Because they are Do(ojr-kings. f Shure, which is the entrance out?' asked an Irishman at the Conventry Station the other day. A Carib being asked if he re membered a certain^ benevoleftt missionary, camly replied', c He was a eood man. Me ate part of him.' 'Do you like fish-ballsj Mr. Wiggings ?' Mr, Wiggings, hesi tatingly — ' I really don't know, Miss Robinson ; I never recollect attending one.' f * I have just packed my eight children off to school;, how would you like to care for so many ?' said a mother to an old bachelor. f Why, I should hate it,' he replied. 1 Would not you, sir, start .as Mr. Garrick does, if you saw a e-host?' said Jemmy Boswell' to Sramtiel Johnson. (1 hope not, replied Johnson, 4 if I did I should frighten the ghost.', -:One might have' heafd a pin fall,' is a proverbial expression of silence; but it has been eclipsed by the French phrase, 4 You might have heard the unfolding of a lady's cambric handkerchief.-' , Br. Browne having long admired a very beautiful young lady, made a. point of always giving her for his toast. Being once told It was time to change it, he replied, 4 1 believe it is ; for though I have been toasting her for these- twenty years, I have iiot been able to make her brown yet/ What is a woman worth f Double you o' man. 'Supposing a mathematical '' inT strumenf maker had water on the brain, how would he relieve him self of it ? — By making his own (h)air pump. When is a beatitiful woman like a pair of bellows ? — When .^he kifedles a flame. ^ If Tom Thumb Were a ' miser, what ancient instrument of torture* trould he' be like? — A thumb screw. What is the difference between celery and salary ? — The one you must bank before you cafi get it ; the other you must get before you can bank it. Why is a man who* Worms him self into your confidence, and then betrays your secret, like a Christ mas dish ? — Because he is a mean Spy (inincepie). A tipsy fellow, who r mistook a globe lamp with letters on it for the dueen of night exclaimed. 4 1 will be blest if somebody haint stuck an advertisement on the moon.' The greenback never was a popular form of mbney, and our Government has now issued a new description of paper money, called the 4 goldback/ This is 1'eceived with great favour, as, of course, every one will be glad to see the gold back. ; A Royal Eish. — The Prince of Wales (Whales) » An irishman, passing through a jfieid of cattle, said to a friend, 4 Whenever you see a herd of :do\vs ali lying down, and one of them only standing tip, that one is sure to be the bull.' 4 Ah, is it possibls that you are still alive?' said a fellow on meet-' ing unexpectedly one whom he had grossly injured. 4 Yes, and kick* ing,* replied the other, suiting the action to the word» , -|i|| 