VISIT OF BISHOP SHIEL^O MOUNT GAM BIER. IT .having been announced that the Jiigiit Reverend Dv Shiel, the Catholic Bishop of Adelaide, would visit Mount Gar$fri^.on. Frit] ay tho J 8th, a. largo »umbejP4^Q^^a'.i;l|,^ ..habitants ingde . ai'rangotinanjts, lrieefTIi i rri'aTwty --314 in this they Tvera'tiis^ip:6intie3i ship being taken|i!t-on the road from Penola, deemed it advisable to push oii to tho "end of his journey, and arrived at The Presby tery at seven o'clock on Thursday evening. At twelve o'clock on Saturday His Lord ship, having sufficiently recovered from his indisposition, received a deputation from the laity, consisting of the following.gentlemen : Thos. Honan, Jas Cullen, Jno. Bennett, Michael Byrne, Phillip Ryan and Charles Fox. Mr Fox" thenread tho;, ad.dress as follows :- ' ..%'* ? ': ? V " To THE RIGHT RBVUEKND Tna lioiD, BISHOP OF ADELAIDE, We, the Catholics of Mount Gambier, take this our first opportunity to offer Our heart felt congratulations on your Lordship's rq^. cent elevation to the See of Adelaide* and to testify the joy we experience' at your arrival amongst us. Your well-known reputation as a zcalousand devotee' Pastor, and especially your election by the Holy Ghost to-role the Church of God as one of the successors of the Apostles, inspire us with sentiments of con fidence that the interests of our Holy Faith will flourish more and more in you paternal hands, and in confirmation of' this we hnye only to glance at the many works in aid of Religion inaugurated by Yo.ir Lordship's zeal and charity. Remotely situated as we are from the centre of the Diocese, and notwithstanding so many years have elapsetl since we enjoyed the hap piness of welcoming our Bishop, we sincerely trust that the labors of our F iithful Clergy have not been without fruit; and wc will also venture to add that in attachment to the Holy See, and the respect and veneration that are due to tho Episcopal character, we may not bear an unfavora le comparison vy'th the Catholics of more highly favored districts, Praying that God may long spare Your Lordship to preside over ifs, as a Father and Apostle, and promising on our part the most hedrty co-optration and filial obedience, we once more bid you a hearty welcome, and beg Your Lordfhip's Episcopal'blessing; His Lordship in reply thanked the depu tation-for the addr.ess%which .had been pre sented to him, remarking thai every part',6f it was permeeted by a Catholic spirit. Since he had no personal claims upon them he accepted tbe compliment as paid to him in the capacity of a Catholic Bishop. He was gratified at the allusion in it to the pastor of the Mount Gambier Church, as he knew from, personal observation" that the compliment was well deserved ; . and at their willingness to co-operate with liim in any undertaking for the benefit of the church, The deputation then withdrew. On Sunday morning, at 9 a.m., the Bishop,, assisted by the Yery Rev. Dean Fitzgibbon and the Rev. J. E. Tenison Woods celebrated. mass and administered the holy communion in presedco of a largo_ congregation. It be ing known that the Bishop would administer tho .-'sacrament of confirmation at tho 11 o'clock mass; long before the appointod hour a large concourse of people had ,^j[*ivcd from all-directions, considerable .anxiety being manifested by" some lest they should not succf ed in obtaining an entrance, Portions of tho Churph were tastefully decorated'"with.)< $oyers and evergreens. Over the altar was a scroll with the device " Welcome to our Bishop " worked upon it with green leaves. At 11 a.m., the Bishop, being accompanied into the Church by tho Clergy, knelt at the 'side of the altar while the Rev. J. E. T. Woods -said mass, after which His Lordship gave a short address on Acts, VIII. eh. 14- l7v. explaining the^ na ture of the Sacrament of Confirmation which lie was about to administer. The Bishop^' assisted by the Rov Mr Woods, Rev, J. IS . ^ Hinteroeker, the' LYv. Charles Xnn der Heyden and tho Very Ilov. the Dean, then administered the sncramcut of confirnntion to eighty-threo poisons, after which _ ho briefly addressed them on the obligations they bad contract:.1 d by confirmation, and the parent ou tho necessity of v>|;ocuring re ligious instruction tor their children, At seven o'clock in tlio evening (ho Church was again filled by n large congregation : prayers were read by (lie Rev, Charles \ an dor Hoyden, after which the I'ishop ascended the'aHnr and rend the latter portion of Si. Lake's Gospel. . He observed our Divino Itedeemer went through nil the di tie rent stages of human lile IVoiu infancy to man hood, in order that ho might furnish a model to christians of nil nges. Ho alluded to the fact of our Saviour being brought at an enrlj' ago to the- temnlo by his parents, and reminded christian parents of the solemn obligation they were under, of bringing their children to tin* temple of God as soon as tho light of reason began to dawn upon theiu ; and of providing for their religious welfare. Ho warned them that if they neglected this duty those children would bocomo tlio in strument of God's wrath upon them in this * life, and to many of them the cause of their eternal condemnation on the day of judg ment. At tho conclusion of tho sermon tho .Litany was sung by the choir in a manner which reflects great credit on their teachers, Miss Amsinek and Miss McXillop, who had evidently bestowed much time and earo in their training. The benediction having been given by His Lordship, the congrega tion dispersed.' About 10 o'clock on Monday morning tho Bishop, accompanied by the JJev. J. E. T. Woods and the Very .Rov. Denn Fitzgibbon started for Pcnola, whence ho will leave for Hamilton on Wednesday morning. Tho llev. J. N. Hint erocker,'S.J. will wait for tho next steamer to Adelaide. On Monday evening he preached a sermon in German. 