THE AET OF FORGETTING. ['r.o:i -run sat0Hday review, august 31.] \Yhntever is worth doing at all, ivs were all t:uight in our childhaod, is worth doing v/ell. Now thero are few things which wo havo more frenuent occasion to do than to forget, and few things on tho skilful doing of which less attention baa biien bestowed. Yet between tho extremes of gcod aud bid forgetfaluess thero is as great u. difference as between sound sleep aud fe verish lethargy. What can bo moro delight ful thiiu tho sense of lightness and free dom of mind which ono enjoys whon a mass of troublesome details h;ive been fairly thrown to tho winds? ' Making a clean breast of it' is an expression which might with much greater force bo applied to a good in vigorating plunge into Lsthe than to any pour ing ous of one's troubles to somebody else. It liminary to the former procoss, ami in that cuse the sooner it is performed the better. On tho other hand, badly executed forgetful ucss is tho plague of ono's life. A clumsy letting flip of tho very thing ono wanted to re tain ia, csi Solomon nays ef conlidenco inanun fiiitlifal -nan, liko a broken tooth and a foot out of joint. BufctUisis a case of abuse which proves nothing against tho \iso of that power of sum mary of lUsicissal which is one of tho most precious prerogatives of our dominion over our own thoughts. Indeed, we ara inclined to believe that a jndiciou3 ami liberal uso of that prerogative would tend to lesson tho danger of involuntary aud awkward forgotfulaess. If you try ts carry twenty things at onco, of course you -will let some of them fall ; and surely it is well to take tho matter into one'3 own hands, and deliberately lay down Iho mn-,! '.roi'tlilns.s of one's mental nossosqinns. if by that means ona can make snro of retaining tho3O which may turn to profit. It 13 truo that tho imtura of memory is so far from boing yet fully undex- atood that there is room for wido differences of opinion as to tho best manner of dealing with that capricious and troublesomo faculty. Somo people consider it a3 an edifice in vlii.0'1 everything added is so mvich clear gain, and overy stono taken away is a dead ios3. Others think of it as a receptaclo into which whatever is thrown occupies a certain amount of space, which in nine cases out of tan might be turned to better account. Perhaps tho best comparison for it may bo found in tho various processes of nutrition which wo seo going on iu living beings, in which too large or too small a supply is alike, if not equally, injurious. But everybody must agree that memory, like all our other faculties, has its Iiunt3, and '.hat, whether wo will or not, we must forgot some how ; and it is therefore important to elo it as well aa possible A bad forgelter may forget too often, or too irrevocably, or indiscrimi nately, inopportunely, or partially; or ho may forget what is important, and remember what is trivi-.il ; there is no end to the various blun ders which may bo committed in uncultivated forgetting. - It is hard to say whether it would bo tho greater calamity to lose tho power of forgetting ov that of remembering. Everybody ii ready to cainmiserate tha loss of memory, but to lose the power of getting rid of unplea sant recollections would be a yet more griovous misfortune to many peoplo. It is a faculty of which wo aro constantly availing our salves, and to which wo owo a great deal more than is commonly recognised. How much of tho enjoyment of a summer holiday arises from the gradual washing off from tho mind of all tho dusty dotsila of tho months spent in London ? Country pursnits and tho beauties of nature no doubt havo their charms, but we aro much mistaken i£ oblivion has not a yet larger share in the renovating eft'act of Iho vacation. ludeed, ono of Iho most trying results of over-fatiguo and nervous exhaustion i3 to impair that beautiful' slipperiness ot sur face which a healthy mind possesses in com mon with Iho plnmago of waterfowl. Nobody ought to return to work till it is restoreil, partly by rest, and partly by disuse of that pernicious htibit of remembering engagemauts which has loo often been contracted during the season. Thero aro various trite and wise sayings about tho importance of letting no elay pass without a line — without something done or acquired. To theso we would add that no day should pass without something being dismissed; il, is as much a necessary for the mind as for the' body that tha dust of each day should bn washed* away. And siuco something will surely slip awajr each day, would it not bo well to taie advantago of lha necessity au nffording the means of 'practice in the art of forgotlin^; '! It would be a iino thing to have acquired enliro control over that function of lha mind, so that whatever was douo with might be consciously and finally dismissed, and laid like a ghost in the Red Sea. The provokiug thing is tho way that recollections havo of disappearing for a timo, nnd emerging again jnst as_ they aro not wanted. Or sometimes they will retire to the half-cleared regions in tho outskirts of con sciousness, and thero load 0 sort of will-o'-tho v.-isp existence too vagua to ba of any use, hut tantalising and misleading to their former owner. Then, again, they will sometime.) ]-\ay a sort of hide-and-seek, slipping out of sight jast when ouo wants to lay ono's hand upon them, and diving deeper into the recesses , of one's mind for every effort ono can mako to recall thorn. Or a fragment of a subject will dis appear, leaving a mutilated and useless remnant behind. All theso vagaries would bo sternly checked by a proficient in the art of formatting. What waa ohco banished from tho mind would remain in cxita for ever, unless vec'sdled by the clemency of tho despot. Chambers might he set apart in tho mind for tbo reception of ideas only temporarily. discarded, wjipra Uioy repaired. Others would remain within T not oblrading themselves unl & Cf- yet warring beyond easy r«aci n r this degree of Win forSeU^tt\J^n allamed wo should «l«rays W what ^S what ras not, forgotten. Or.o of H.e^J'5 disadvantages of our present c!Uffi3y mSS P'^^j8- ,1S tb° we«^7 which ht° «*C UK lustay of tho wny k aitt £. ,,4 SfKr;SS[;S--:a performed, re should not run Cffl? pulling forward imperfect versions as SLl' they were complete. Besides the many co^ veiue:u-03 which would follow f-0™ ~''-coa- methodic,! nM definite „« of'C? ing facts, nra-A E::ght be said on Z°lt vantages 01 a tl^roughgoing way of fo£X wcLags raid people. We aro Eot advocatfe any for.,, hovever »iU, of kooMtaucyl? is a question, not of degree, but of k:nd Lot rs many ranges a3 pOssiWe bo Pre-n4i wailt.iesr onginal freshasss and beWv I' anvtmng „ anybody is to bo remembered at all, kt it Ijoesjaliyand as faithfully r.SJy h!. «i«t ivbcn Dnjtliiag L. to bo oblit8rn4 from the cuacl.bt it b2 wiped oat -, r'% ~1 sponge, not alifured to perish by degrees ifctfa fauing jiWosr.-n.il. Everything is jud^d of so much by jig relations to other filing thai ft piivtial ^collection often dcea le^s jn*. tica to i 113 or;3:ml than a blank- for jn V, proecrs of iz.liu:, E,ao parts will vanish eom '' ejuicHrljinnoihev^nnd what is left will be a distortcetand therefore an unlnie rsvrojcitatioB Oi conrso (his processes to a 'consider- Wo c:cttnt msTii-iblo. Wo cacEo't, if v;e wouU preserve rohio of our impressions perfectly' and Gohterr.to clhciv; entirely. And were 'it pfrasiiiislohftvo iicno but clear aud full m* complete pietaivs in tho chambers of the numf their very clearness would imply a degree 0! limitation whiuh would mako them eveu moro inaccurate, bcoauso more inadequate, than x wider ihm:~h roi^tisr vinws. But, not to i-^U upon t!ic s'rous probawuiy that iu most miwfc tho proportio.i or h:v/.s is moro likely to l;o k cci-jivo then dciioiont, tho question'hrw is not whether pictures shall fi:do, but haw the fa-lia-» pictures should be dealt with. And what wo wish (.0 urge is that the process should not bo ignored or lefi to chance, but carefully noted, aud in eciuo cases voluntarily performed! ' When wo must forgot, let us 'know that we aro forgetting. In justice to Iho cbc6 remornbered Lut no loDger distinct images, lui- i;u;i.i uui- uu uujiljjuruu Wllll reCGut aDU YiVlU I impressions, ov rcassned from as though they I wero still adequate representations Cof Iho I facts. Let what is vague he recoguisc-a na 1 vague, and what is faded as faded, that the part I may not be taken for tho whole, ncr the iucoin- I plcteness Gf the past disparaged by compavisoa I with the fulness of the'preisent. If tve forgot I moro clearly wo shoald not do so mnch injua- I tico to what wo remember. Besides the.-:;- ! cases in which all wo can do i3 to tnko account I of tho changes which timo will inevit.ibly work I without our assistance, there rao perpctnsl I opportunities in every day's ordinary affaira I for talcing tho matter into our own hands oni I summarily tiu'ning out of doors such inmates oi I our own miud3 as aro neither -pleasant nov I profitable. All trivial matters of detail, -w ft I rule, ought to be swept away at short intervals. I It is ono oi the most familiar of littlo annoy- I annes when soino triflo which in itself may ho ? I entirely indifferent happens to get lodged in i I somo corner of the niind/lilco a bit of dust in ? I tho o}'o ; : and most peoplo lenow too we!! I the (iiMSrcssinfj e£Vcls which are produced when the power of forgetting is weakene;! by illness. Things whicU aro paiaful in themselves Jinvo of course a terrible advan tago in resistiag tho efforts of the mind to dis loilie them, and thercforo it isinroortii'ittotako advautago of the practice afforded by iiitliiVcront mattei-3 to strengthen the faculty of dismission. Yet iu a healthy mind tho painfn'nes3 of any subject will in some cases assist tha process by serviug to dettr tho thoughts from anyap prbich to it, until, after a period of rcsohta avoidance, tho detaite aro fonnel to hava dis appeared with the pain. 'When any subject i-esolntely opposes tho efforts of tho mind to get rid of it, somo people find assistance Li 9 imparting it to others. ' Tho Ancient Mariner ? was in Iho habit of having recourse to thia re- ? medy. It is a sore ox Icill or enro (rentment, » of which we -do not recommend the indis- ' /? criminate use; but if it ba adopted, tUo IB choices of a listener ia an important branch I of ii. As a rale, tho oftenev tho sana I person 13 m.ido uso of for this piupqw : ? the greater becomes his narcotic infcnca M over tho performer, as in tho similar tlioujlt ;' m reverse process of mesmerism. When a sui*.- I ? able confidant i3 not at hand, a tolerable sub- , S stitute may bo found iu pen and ink. But in 9 these days pon and ink aro almost aa dangerous fl as alcoholic stimulants, and wo do not vrisii to ? incur the reproach which is falling upon doctors H for recklessness iu prescribing such powerful S and soduclivo medicines. Perhaps (ho moat B convenient method of learning to forget ia to B use books for tho purposo of preliminary prac- H tieo. Tho materials aro so abundant, tho pro- B cesa so easy, and the results so perfectly sito B that wo can unhesitatingly recommend this H means oi study. Tho first step might B be to pass through the mind's siero B a small ijuantity ofj newspaper every Bj day, increasing Iho doso by degrees, Bj until a mild form of periodical novel might ba B easily substituted for it. A gradually increas- B ing number of parts might be disposed oi Bj every day, until at last a whole novel could ha Bj got through at night, and so summarily dis- Bj posed of that no traces should bo visibla by the ^B ' morning's light ; and so on with essajs, re- BJ viewa, history, and metaphysics (tho orilerof Hi succession being varied to meet individual Bf cases) until at last oven, mathematical processes' BJ might bo mado to disappear totally within a , H few hours after they had been mastered. After Bj this the student will hava but littlo difficulty in H forgetting tho events, first o_f his neighbors' ari mt then of his own life, as rapidly and completely H as can be desired. Bj 