RED BANKS. October 8. The important and interesting ceremony of laying the foundation-stone of the new Wes leyan Church took place last Thursday, instead of the 24th of hut month, it having been post poned from that date on account of the impos sibility of Mr. Watsford attending to give his lecture and to conduct the proceedings. We were also doomed to be disappointed again; although Mr. Watsford was nobly substituted by the Rev. Mr. Flockart, of Adelaide, who gave a lecture on 'Luther and the Reformation.' Th«- wpAtVipiv which has been dreadfullv wet and cold, seemed to have cleared for the occasion. Tho day proved all that could be desired after the cold weather, the sun uhining out in redoubled splendor, cheering the hearts of all with its warmth, only one short shower descending during the afternoon. A spacious tent was erected on the ground for the accommodation of the visitors, of whom there was a good attendance considering the state of the River Light. Had that stream been in a fit state to cross there would have been a much larger gathering. About 3 o'clock the stone was laid by Mrs. T. Manuel, of this place. After a hymn and prayer, a bottle con taining certain documents appertaining to the Wesleyan Church was placed in a cavity made for its reception, and after the flourishing of the trowel by the ''faire ladye,' she declared in the following words, the stone properly and duly laid :— ' I lay this stone as the foundation stone of a Wesleyan Chapel, in which will be preached the doctrine of God, according to the views held by the late Rev. John Wesley, M.A May God bless the work of our hand. I lay this stone in the name of the Father, Son, and Holy Ghost. Amen.' After the ceremony, contributions were laid upon the stone to the amount of £7 2s., after which a general ad journment took place to the tea table, magnifi cently supplied by the ladies with all the good things needful to supply the wants of all, and to spare, and I understand that something under a hundred tickets were sold. In the evening came the meeting and lecture. Mr. Tenby was unanimously voted to the chair, and in a few brief remarks, introduced the Rev. Mr. Flockart to deliver his lecture. The lec turer begged to apologise on behalf of the Rev. Mr. AVatsford, and explained that on account of the sailing of the ship John Wesley, he could not attend, and by request he had himself attended. He was sorry that his friends should be disappointed of the promised lecture on ' Courtship and Marriage,' but to make up for that, he had a small batch of the same subject, and he hoped they would be contented with that until Mr. Watsford couM redeem his pro mise and give the whole ; and he thought that would be when the opening of tho chapel took place. (Cheers.) He now introduced his sub ject — ' Martin Luther and the Reformation,' and for two hours he literally carried his audi ence with him through the intricate maze of incidents in the life of that great man. In fancy we saw the boy Luther carrying faggots to his father's furnace. Then followed his youth ful history, till as a monk, he sought in despair for the one thing needful ; till his heart's desire was found in the old Latin Bible. Then the lecturer traced the growth of convic tion anil enlightenment in the ardent young convert's mind, followed him to Rome, back to his o-vn country, where he denounced the im postures of Telzel, and finally broke away from Rome, and raised the standard of a pure gospel. Then came the simple and touching history of his courtship, of Katherine, andtbeir happy and loving life, and after an eloquent and impressive lecture, the rev. gentleman concluded amidst great applause. A vote of thanks to the rev. lecturer was carried nem. con. Vctes to the ladies and to the Chairman brought a very successful meeting to a close about half- past 10 o'clock. — The weather is fine, and crops are looking well. 