VACCINATION. It I ia often .disappointing to .find.tliat' questions that were supposed to be settled. for;eVer. are reopened, /and,the same argu ments Jiaye to be reproduced, the same sophisms exploddd^the~"same7^hsiirditiesr exposed and ridiculed,' m 'inthe" days bf our fathers or grandfathers.Distressing is it jyears /after 7a. .crushing victory to be worried ,mth. tha' ghosts of the slkin to . have the battles to be fought over again- r; This itj'is tiiat makes'r'thef protection discussion so nauseous, dnd,* 'as; in /Vic-'! toria, prevents the friends of free-trade from organising ; and prosecuting their cause ' with //vigor / ancl 'perseverance. "While ■ we have been : dealing- .with the exploded ! fallacies,-'1 • we - -'may ' derive some consolation from the. fact that* we?1 are j not /alone in trouble, of .this sort, and that-in- England t it = is actually found, necessary to make, a defence of vaccina-; tiori. Dr. Jenner has been for / several generations looked upon as the benefactor of his race. Nations have done him honor: His beneficial discovery: has- been the property of the world, and many thousand of Uves are annually saved by its applica tion. Many men, can look back tbthe time when the.number, df.jdeatlis/annually re isultingfrom smaUpox was enormous, when asjthey walked'along the'.strebt a large proportion of the people they met were deeply scarredj| : with that' loathsome disease;, when, there were few social circles /that did not present some bases' of man-r hooddisfigured, or beauty destroyed, by this jterribin inalady.' There - was the double danger of death or ^disfigurement, and the; p^ril was one from which no one1 could .feel'"any" security/ Ino'culation wis -re sorted- to'j but that was" obviously ia, kdesperate preventive, and oftenTas bad as '•the disease. * * Then/came', vaccination, which practically ensured immunity from this hudignint' disorder to all- who. chose to avail themselves of its' behefits. It is true there- have been cases of smallpox ] attacking persons who; have; been vacci nated^ but these are very exceptional in stances, and can fairly^:as a rule,rhe attri [ibuted. to.bad lymph or. want of skill in/ thepperator. As a proof of the feelings/ With which a bygone generation/regarded the discovery,' and' the terrible scourge from which_ it delivered them,/there the fact i of the ,. Parliament //voting j £10,000 to .Dr., Jenner in i802, and £20,000 in many | persons whose prejudices, or foolish/fears deterred froin robmittlng; themselves' or I their children to vaccination... TbgUBe of | it became, however, more ; and more1 general till it seemed/as if small-pox was an almoBt extinct disorder,.-, a thing of tradition like the plague; The Parliament made annual grants, for/ many years for vaccine establishments, and in 1840 passed an act to .. give/ 'facilitibs for vaccination at the public cost. Still | it was all" voluntary ; persons;might: run the risk, of Bimdlpoxif theywished, and expose their children .to it by refraining j from availing themselves of an easy and | [' certain preventive.; \ Many did so, and this neglect increased fas. the "recollection of the rayageabf/smallpox became more distant'and; feeble, j In, consequence of j this the disease again increased, and many j deaths occurred annually that might have been prevented. -In 1853 the Govern ment sfrPP^d in with a compulsory law, and since that time [there has'been fref quent legislation on the subject, till this session the Government have introduced a system'as thorough and comprehensive as our Scab Act, though the penalties do not reach the infected, and are not of so summary a description as those carrie but upon our tainted lambs. Tirie.SBill | now passing through the English Parlia ment-divides-thecpuiitr^into.jdistrictsj;| appoints public vaccinators ; com pels parents to take their children? ';to''"'vaiccihe™'"statibns~'• twice--^once;: to;. be*vaccinated,' and-then again ,in; eight; days to have the lymph'-taken", from* the:. child for useupoii another; patient. ; It also requires that the vaccinator-shall. be, registered in;^e sime manner 'as a ■ birth dr.a; death. Jhspectorsare to..'be;,- ap [;point'ed ioexamine children-^—ndt all ini a district, but a sufficient number to enable them to j judge if' the Vaccinator is.- r doing ; his work efficiently.; The vaccinators are to" be^beiter paid.thaniheretofpre, and the registrars .are to receive,fees,of,ld. on the; -first'entry,' and 3d., when the. vaccination is-.reported successful.«■ Suck, are. ..the leading provisions of • the . Bill, ' .against whifeh- ja number .of > members.;- of the 'House j of - Commons1 have1 protested' as. [ tyrannical, and in different ways injurious; whildse^erklmeffiberaktttmkedvaccination itself as failing, to prbvbnt' smallpox;.1 and as often causing;other,, diseases.;. The; as-' sert'ions of .the failure, of vaccination in its object proceed upon, tlie ffaUaby'df arguirig iupott: exceptional; cases; :ahd i^ioring.the5 patent fact;that, in proportion to'the em ployment of vaccination, and the .- strict-, ness with which it, has' beeh enforced, has been.the rarity iof .smallpox.- In fact to; argue ;agains,t,; yaccination because there are still cases of. smallpox,, is as reasonable; las it would be to deny .the7Utihty of our Scab] Actbecause^ in spite of it, scab has, broken out. 7 To; show the effect of vacci nation there is nothing like official statis tics;'and we give some as ^Uptedrby Lprd' Hildntagu " in his- spbeclx on:the -subject in the House of Commons '7,'''^" f ... "He .would pow lay before -the .;Hpuse,,spme ~ statistics sbowing" some of .the resffits .of'yacci-. nation; . :THe "ayex age' antinal death rates- from; smaUptox during 30 years previous to'theVabci-; nation Act of 1853 amounted; to 3,000 in every .million of the population: ; From'1838 ;to 1841;' when Vaccination was known' and encouraged, but when, there was no piiblic provision' for it, the deaths felVfrom'3jQ0p.to 770.:! From 1841 to' ,1853, when there was- gratuitous'JbutJ not •cotti pulsory vaccination,; the. .average; number - of .deaths fell ,to;304' in eyeiy millioni;'1 Since yacci had been rendered , compulsory iip'. to 1865, the average death rate; Was 7l71!, or j" including the last two years,- 202. ' Before *1853; 'taking an average' of; five years, ;the number of< vaccina tions j in England JVales was 180,960; but in 1854,1 when vaccination was' , made compulsory; •the number was ,40,8,824.' We saw,'there fore, i that,, as, ihe^nimabef of vaccinations' in creased- so the number? f of' deaths -decreased; That; was the case as regarded England. \ In Scotland* vaccination 'was completely earned: l-out, the time- allowed. for vaccination, however, ;heing sir instead of three months as in England. -.The result was remarkable. In 1864 "the number of . children born and notices of vaccination given was 1108,851.; 'Of these;, there died during the .six inopths' allowed before- yacrinatibn- 9,180 ; • 196,970" were vaccinated ;and'-'fegi&tered;,- thus : leaving., of. children ;unaccoimted for and of whom no entries' wbte made in. the registers, only 2,701, "oF"fibi;i ,ijliite'*"two-' per cent. ■In 11865, , tho .results , were still more satiffactbryi ..The" nuinber "Of' children -born was ^113,129; of these 9j366 died before' vaccination, and 101,082 were! vaccinated and registered, le'aring'only 2,681, or less than, two per 'cent., unaccounted for. Thus in these two years,.221,930 notices were given of children born, and only. 5,382 were' not certified-as : having been vaccinated, a considerable1 portion of these being" illegitimate children and children untraceable, o'-ring' to " wrong names of the parents having been-givbn. It appeared further that in 1863, the date of;.the .Act which- iiiade vacbination compulsory in, Scotland-, 1,646; deaths occurred there,, froth smallpox, while in 1865 the number of deaths? was only 123, so that with a 'complete sys tem of registration and/; certificate the number of deaths was.reduced to a minimum. In England, in some districts; the energy of the public vaccinators and the local authorities had maide this a perfect Vaccination.Act, - while in other districts the practice was lax. j In Mold, which was in the district7ofHo'ywell 'Union,-' wij;h a population of 16,000, r t>r., Hughes had been very energetic, and' every1 one of' the i in i_. a 1 ILi-I jI ai phildren there had been' vaccinated." ^Epidemics of smallpox had raged in surrounding -districts, and smallpox had beeti iraported'into, Mold, yet' since 1853 only one .child had died 'there from this cause, and this ^s a baby a few. days; old,, whose mother, a stranger to,' the town, had "modified smallpox"' wheh it : was born. From' a "return , moved for by the : right hon. gentleman (Mr. Lowe), showing the number of deaths in the 627 registration dis tricts during the years 1851-60, it appeared that in 44 of those'districts, the deaths from smallpox had been, absolutely nil,; because the guardians had been Pctive and had supplied the deficiencies of the Act.'. In 297 other districts the annual death rates by smallpox per 100,000 chil dren under five years of age were from one to 50; .in 131 other districts the death rates Were from 51 £to 100; while in Shrewsbury the annual' death rate was 382, in Northampton 456, in Plymouth 463, and Merthyr Tydvil 572. These • statistics showed that in proportion as compulsory vac cination was carried out deaths * diminished; and 'where it was not so. carried out, the (ravages of smallpox increased."" \- { With respect : to ? smallpox attacking ;| persons wh'o have been; vaccinated, such Cases have occured^' hiit' the highest authorities have*1 shown from calculations founded upon' long experience, that the ' chances "of death froni fcnallpox is as one1 in; three " of ' persons, who had : not? been- vaccinated, 'against ', one in 200 amongst those who -had been, perfectly | v^ihatedjWith; a] proportionate, increase: of risk,; ah; the: operation, had ffeeklesk;] efficiently performed;' It has been -urged that diseases are communicated by the vaccine, matter -taken from- the. arm J of .unhealthy children;; and; it ' is said that medical reports to this effect induced ;the,| Emperor of 'the 'French ; to" discontinue ' vaccination in his army. ' Many medical ; men, however, say it is - impossible to: coiivey disease from child'to child in pure ! Jenneriam lymph. , The dariger on-this head is not at all; clearly-shown; and should it; be proyed I there aire means of avoiding it, while the benefits* arisiiig from"' vaccination are manifested by the. experience of nearly three-quarters of a century; and borne testimony to by the unanimous voice of the whole medical profession throughout Europe, . - few. ; will : disputes the pro priety of a compulsory law. >. The State has ;as;. much right , to prevent -parents" from.;,exposing,their children'to danger from-deadly contagion, as it has to detenriine* that infant l5fe; shall not be imperriiled: in'chimneys,' worn out in fac tories, or left to perish from hunger and cold.-.Still, morevisit;obligatory on the Government to restrain persons from harboring infectious diseases that may carry death through a district or a country. 1 