SOUTH AUSTRALIAN INSTITUTE SOlttKE. ^ TO TBB SUITOR. The doctrine of transmigration appears at last to be finally settled, if the public are kind enough to accept Mr. Pappin'a theory, vie.. th»t the soul of 'Donizetti '* has consented to locate itself in the mortal form and person of a struggling^ artiste. 1 naturally feel slighted upon this paint, as I think he might have had the good grace te ask me if I had no objections to the arranffemant. If Mr. Panoin is oneh to take advice (which I think he ought to do, as he has indulged in that commodity pretty freely of late), he will be more profita'-ly employed in cultivating his voices ana studying M platform deportment,' than in wasting ' his leisure moments in attempting to expose this names at musical critiques. In my silent retreat the intelligence reached me that the profession of Adelaide was up in arms on account of my remarks in your im pression of the &nd; ult.. a id I was informed that a miserable fate awaited me on the first opportunity — blood was to be shed, and a dreadful five-act tragedy to be enacted, &c.; Surely the valiant 'Falstaff' and his assis tants should have knows that it is as easy to draw blood from a 'spirit' as from a stone. The newspapers of South- .Australia come more regularly now to 'Hades' than hereto^ fore, so I could not avoid seeing the notice of the above show, ar.d as certain faoud artistes (?) were to appear on the occasion, I made arrangements to be present. I reached White's Ro- m-« upon the stroke of 8 o'clock, p.m., and found th.it notwithstanding sue popularity ui tne institution, a meagre audit nje assembled; possibly the attendance would have been larger, had -the programme held out hopes of enjoyment- People of musical I taste have an aversion to undergo punishment by having their ears tortured by abortive attempts at vocalization. ' Music hath charms;* when cendered properly, and no doubt is ealcu lated 'to soothe the savage breast,' but for the most part the music as delivered on the j above occasion was decidedly sufficient to make one savage. j The orchestra, under the leadership of Mr. W, Chapman was up to the mark, and the pieces allotted to the members thereof were performed excellently we.l. The overture to '? II Barbieredi Seriglia' may te pointed out as being their finest effort, and it was received ly | the audience with marks of favor. Mdlle. Lindstrum acquitted hsrself in the uauuforte duett, with B. White, and with care she will become- a brilliant pianlste. Mr. U- B. White, in his solo for the violin on 'De Beriot's sixth air,' fairly raised the audience to enthusiasm. He played it like an artiste, and it may be questioned if even »«AiinU»a u »- it nr: ? !.u: -? wtvuuivw tfunuiiii, — ti ivun5A(, gr ** Vieuxtempa could have played the piece with greater effect. Altogether, the instrumental portion of the entertainment was all that cottid be desired, which is unfortunately more than I can say for the vocal portion of the pro gramme. Mr. Lake, a gentleman amateur (I thought this gentleman was a professional a short time ago), sang ' Her bright smile haunts me still,' and leaving out h s voice altogether, which is decidedly ** choky,' he stood sideways to the audience, and closed his hands behind his back while singing, occasionally turniug round to the audience to enable them no doutit t-- hava a good front view, and catch the heavenly tones of his voice. This gentleman's voice is the reverse of pleasing, and if he tetU siug in public, he must listen to criticism. Mr, Pappin has not improved since last I heard him. he stilt retains |the old fault of awkwardness, and his voice weak, wavering,' anil unnAt^oin Un ann-* (kn 4- HSma ?uu u'vvaMiiM. euug tug xiw Mauve, more like a funeral hymn, than a bold, martial, stirring song, as it is, and in the duett with Mrs. Wishart, ' Of Pairy Land had I the Power,' he was weak indeed. I wonder if the power vt the fury wand could supply bim with what he sadly wants— a good effective style and voice. Mrs. Wishart sang her pieces with care and good taste, but she should not sing Scotch songs until she can pronounce the words properly. By- the-bye, there *as a lecture, the first part of which I forced myself to listen to, but no power, ethereal or terrestrial, could have made me listen to the second part, it was *' Take it for all in all,' or in plain English, 'Twaddle.' Everything on the programme was a success, aecording to the Adelaide papers, and possibfy one or two of the vocalists on reading the account or their success over their coffee next morning, swelled withfaride as they thought what a gift the Adelaide people possessed ip their voices. Some few residents I am informed beg to differ, and included in the number incur ring the censure of their admirers will be found. Tours truly, DONIZZETTrS GHOST. P.S. — ' 'Tis true, 'tis true, 'tis pity,' and ' Pity 'tis, 'tis true.' 