METROPOLITAN SEEING , BACE . meeting?- Yv • Mu 1867\. ~ - - TUEDEEBT DAT. - The -sport provided on Saturday. was of a very high order, there being a good contest for every one of the five prizes in the programme. The trial Stakes brought * field of seven to the post, the winner being fourid'in Mr.'T.'H. Smith's chesniit horse Springbok! • Springbok, carrying 8 at.- 121bB., won the race cleverly i; The next race yraa tlio Derby St. Leger Handicap, for which there werefourteen subscribers,.three only of whom cnme to the post.- We - never heard ofa'single wager in which Sir John was backed either right outorin a double, or treble event; .'having proved such a duffer hitherto, it was thought he had not got the ghost of a chance, notwithstanding the difference in weight, either with Seagull or Ilambledon Hill. It was in fact—as a Turf writer recently wrote of another event —a " Rothschild's office to a casual ward " against him. The event proved, however, that Sir John—who was never in such form as now—was lo good, at the weights, for Seagull, who never had a show for it from the fall of the flag, and that Ilambledon Hill could not give him 71bs. and travel v illi him for the last 200 yards of two miles. His owner, the Judge, was warmly-congratulated upon his victory. The race par excellence of the day was the next event upon the card—The Derby. The entries closed ivith 35 subscribers. These were reduced by scratching to nine on the card, and seven finally faced the flag. MrTait lias now succeeded in winning two of the three Derbys that have been run for iu the colony, nnd no true sportsman will begrudge him liis victories. The following are the names of the Derby winners, owner's names, time, &c.; 1ST DcEDr, BUN 2ND SEPTEIIBED, 1865. Mr Checko's br. f. by Magus, out of Clove (Martinecr) Time—2 min. 51 sec. 2nd DEBBT, BUN 1ST SEPTESIBEB, 1866. Mr. Tait's bl. c. The Barb, by Sir Hercules, out of Young Gulnarc (Stanley.) Time—2 min. sec. 3UD DEMY, ntw 31st AUGUST, 1807. Mr. Taits b. c.Fireworks, by Kelpie, out of Gaslight (Stanley) Time—2min. 48 sec. It will be observed that the time of the Der'jv on Saturday was the best that hag, yet been made, and it is a significant fact tlat it was half a second less than the last Derby at Epsom, won by Hermit, was run in. The Innkeepers Stakes brought a field of ei^ht to the post, and the winner was found iu Mr. Coberoft's Pag-mini. —a rank outsider, defeating Harebowes (the favourite) Archer and others. The Epsom Handicap was believed to be a gift to old Birmingham (liainsworth and Lady Kingston having been withdrawn) and so the event proved, lie won it in a canter. Tl-,pre is but little to add beyond the detailed description of the races, which is appended. His Excellency (he G-ovenor «nd suit arrived on tlie ground before the firut race was ran, and remained until after the Derby was over. Tlio following is a detailed account of the running: — First race.—The Trial Stakes of 4 sovereigns each, with 40 sovereigns added for 3 years and upwards, 1J mile. Mr. T. H. Smith's ch li Springbok, 1 years, 1 W. Town's b^Gratis, 4 years ... 2 J. Tait's b g Uarey, aged, 9 st 5 lbs 3 l?ettiu<*: 5 to 2 against -Gratis, 4 to 1 each against Syringbok and Rarey. Springbok won hard held, by about two lengths. Gratis second, Earey third. Time—2 minutes 20 second. Second race.—The Derby St. Leger Handicap sweepstakes of 10 sovereigns each; 200 sovereigns added; for 4 years j 2 miles; second horee 40 sovereigns from the prize, Entrance closed with 14 sub-; seribers. Mr. Cliaafe ns br c Sir Jolin, (Green) 1 Martin Gibbon's b c Hamblcton Hill. ... 2 Betting—even oil Hainbleton Hill, 5 to 4 against Seagull, 4 to 1 against Sir John, offered. The flag fell to a very bad start, Hambletou Hill going away with a strong lead, Sir John second, and Seagull six or eight lengths behind. • • - • At the Derby Comer, Sir John went up in gallant style and closed with the Hill, who kept the !ead to the distance post, and then by dint of flogging raced nearly neck qrfd neck with the Baronet. The result was doubtful up to the last few strides, when Sir John won, defeating Hambleton Hill by tbout a length. Time—3 minutes 46 seconds. . Third Eace.^-The (Australian) Derby Stakes of 3o sovereigns cacli, for 3 years { The second to receive, 60 Bovereigns out of .the stakes, li mile. Entries olosed'with 35 subscribers'. Mr. J. Tait's b c Fireworks (Stantley,) ...' 1 *B. Dine'-sb cTheTtalian, ... ... ... 2 Betting :<3 to4 against Firetrorksi 1 against The Italian, The horses got away on pretty equal terms with each other—Fireworks taking a slight lead, Italian second, Glencoo third, and Little Fish fourth. FaBBing the Stand,; Fireworks acd Italian were neck-and- neck in front. Comiug kip between the rails Fireworks headed the ltttlian, and won easily hard held; Italian second ; Glencoe, who came with a spurt in the last few strides, and Carnation, a dead heat for third place; Time—2 min 48 seconds; Fourth Race.—The Innkeepers"' Stakes of 7 sovereigns each, with 70 sovereigns added,' for 3 years and upwards, If' mile ; «eCond horse 14 sovereigns ^Ut of the prizey 'Il 1 subscribers. _ Air. E. Ck>bcroft'sljiPflganim^iyears,8st 71bs (Ramsay) .'.*."'..."" 1 J. Tait's b g Archer, aged,.,. ; t, ..,„ i * J. Bail's, jun., cli f Satanella, .'6; year^ , E. Do'Mestre's b g Stumpey,* aged, A . * Deadlieatfor fc'e'cond'plaee, ;'.', : Betting": 3 to 1'against- Archer,.5 to bn6 each ajainBt:.Paganl|ii.' : ! ' ''}"' Atibe \ack 'iof : the course jircher put on the steam,' buVcouU not catch the leader, who continued „ ^o '.sjiqw. the way tip to :£be Derby jOprnep, ^yhere. Barebones took - the lead." 'Hjerel jPaganinl was called'.on, and answered gallintly. coining up&t-a; slashing pace passing all .the fipjd,_and,.taking up a §ut Archer-came.wwfa ms^:indI flhished with a dead heatwitti her for pecoga place.^ i'agantni was landedahfiisywiimer. Time— 3 minutes 19 seconds. Fifth "Race.—The EpaomTIamlicapbT ~5" Sovereigns each, with 'jso vekeign s added for 3 years and npyrar3«"if *l^mile ; second horse 10 sovereigns iroih-'iho' prire. 13 subscribers. > U-^.jiy ' Mr. G. JtWaldron'-s b g Birmingham, aged; (Donnelly) .'..;' .:. .... ..t ... • X A Campbell's. ch m' , £trMgBr f, $year8'j ; v/ 2 Betting: Even on- Birmingham, , 3tp 1 against Stranger. ''•" e ' ' .•' ' Aftbt a false Btart oe'easioned by Birmingham's anxiety to get away, the hOrises -weiit' ;dTin7« nick, ^tiinger, ' however/ kobn darted to the front, and tipok up b good lead, Birmingham'second:, At'the back bf the course "Stran^er^^ slightly increased her lead. Opposite the trainer's etahd Biriningiiam began to indke iiis way to thb fore, but jrhen entering the rails 'Stranger still had the lead, and looked vety. much like a winner. Coming down the * straight, how- «ver, Birmingham went up at the distance post, passed her, winning by about a length, liard held, Stanger second. Time 1 minute 48^ seconds. This was the last of the races on the card and, concludod. an excellent day's sport. • . ; - ' 