CHURCH OF ENGLAND. iiHOCESAN 8YN0D. Hobabt .Town, Tuesday, April 2, 1867 Thn Holy Communion having been administered to ibe members at tbe calbedrul at eleven o'clock, tbe Synod met at th« sohoolroom, Harrington street, at noon. Tbs Right Ber. tbe President tormafly commenced tbe proceedings by delivering tbe folio* ing :— OPENING ADDRESS. Upon tbe opening ol tbe third senion of Synod during my epiocipate, I am thankful to the bend of the church for tbe language of hope and enoourage ment whiob He permits me to use. 1 urn sure that the more faithfully we use the means placed at our disposal, the more abundantly will those means be enlarged It the church prove her divine mission by -(e ivering tbe faith once delivered to ber keeping without addition or subtraction— by setting fixtb Christ in all ber teaching whether by word or by Sacrament, — 'be may rest sur« that ber Lurd will never forsake, her. Iv is only by 'be unfaithfulness, worldliness, and faint heartedness ol her ministers, tbat w« oan lose tbn virtue of those outward credentials wbiob, as a true branch ot Christ's Holy Catbolio Cuurcb, we claim. He who oan act according to the great pleasure of Hit will or from the stones raise up children unto Abraham, can exchange one in vtrument lor another ; und tbe promise to tie witb us to the end ot tbe world prei-Ufipotn our o«n fidelity and allegi nnce. If we really believe tbat our ministry comes down to us by the im pusiiion ot bands trom apostolio dayi-, and will bavtt men believe it too, we iuu«t give lull proof of our ministry by daily devotedness to our sacred calling; and the Holy Spirit will stir up tbe hearts of tbe laity to connRnmto thftir ?mirliily wealth for the extemion and the establishment of the ordinances of grace. When laBt we met, we looked ac the estimates of tbe coming year with feelings of some unea-ioess. Both Archdeaconries employed tbe language of despondency. Fresh engagements were forced upon us, iuvolying iresh liabilities, in the fice of the faot tbat smaller ones ot farmer years had not been met. But the experience of tbe past year goes happily to prove tbat il only the diocese bas a clear statement fif its spiritual wants put before it, coupled with the assurance that those wants will be supplied with a vigorous Hnd an even hand, there is no lack ol sympathy and liberality in ibe hftartn of Tasmanian churchmen. For tbe first time, I am able to announce that tlSS'c'lefgy'?''-Far{uS'-b{fPnnit1'year7:-lt nave tue pleaenot duty to report that still further provision is being made for ?he rapidly increasing population of tbe North t'oast. J-ast year, tbe district ot tba Mersey, ibe Duo, tbe Fonii, anf ibe Leven, were placed under tbe super intendence of an ordained clergyman, in tbe hope tbat in the course of time the inhabitants, taught to experience the value uf religiuuB privileges, would desire to have them extended. Already bas tbis hope been realised. The din tricts of the Leveu and Forth have made great efforts to supply funds lor the maintenance, of a deaoon curate in the place ot a catecuist, so that tbev may secure the mure regular and orderly iniuis'ratiODS of tiie church. Ttieir z--al tins been tun her evinced by the sub scription uf considerable lunds (or tbe ereclion of a church upon the bunks ol each ol those ivro rhurs. I am happy lurther to report that tbe cure of Rush, so lung vacant, has been at length tilled up; and thr-ra is reasun to tieliuve that, if tbe patrons have been tardy, they base Iteen also succesaiul in fiuding a man of aaal, and 'of good repute for faithful labour. The cure ol Campbell Town, rendered vacant by the lamented und early death of a devoted young clergyman so soon after his arri val amongst us, bas been rilled up, at least lor a time, by a clergyman who brings with him high testimonials from another diocese. Tbe same remark applies to Sor«ll, in the Southern arch deaconry. The proposal of uniting Jericho witb Coleurouk Dale bas beet, effected by tbe appointment of tho Rev. H. Adams; but as a vacancv «t Oat lands has occurred, tbe Synod has tbe opportunity of re- opening tbe question whether we may recur to the former arrangement It is a subject also of congratulation, that in two large par ishes in tbis city there are now em ployed either an ordained curate, or a tay-aeaoon looking forward to holy orders. In dealing with large masseB ol tbe population abounding with ig norance and ungodliness, itisdecirabte, wherever practicable, that, as of old, tbe bearers of Christ's message should go lor tli two and two. In tbe instances to vbich I nter, no additional trarden hue been laid upon the lunds placed at tb» disposal of the Synod. I have still to express my deep regret tbat no pro vision has been made for the various and increasing townships scattered along O'EntrecaBieaux Channel. A year ago, tbe inhabitants promised out of their narrow resources to contribute £65 to wards tbe support of* a resident clergy man, in the tull expectation that Synod would meet thx subscription by a grant Liter doinir their nart. thuv wmi t«M 'bat Synod could not do its part I do trust that tb« claim of tbeBe long suffering people will be considered ol irimary importance. Tbe system ol lay- deacons, or readers, wbiob is tbe leebnioal desi|( nation adopted by the church at home, to indicate men With out the holy orders who an ready to supplement tbe work of the ministry by such labors of love as a layman oan discharge, bas worked beneficially Tbere are now numerous localities in which tbe congregations are held to getber by tbe help ot esalous laymen, who unite them by tbe use ot our beau tiful liturgy, assembled sometimes in the school house, tooietimes in 'be store-room. The boast of our reformed church is, that she conforms in faith and praotice to the Apostolio and pri mitive model. In the early Bges, the lower orders of tbe ministry were with leu rigidity adapted to tbe altering wants ui tbe church ; and the revival of those minor orders, whether evango lists, pastors, and teaohers, or the ori ginal order of deacons and deaconesses, would often call out u Stephen, a Philip, or a Pucsbe, ' for the work of tbe mi nistry, lortbe editying uf the body ul Christ,' That tbeBe minor ministra tions were not necessarily of a trio liorary character is (fathered from their juxtaposition to apostlus and prophets, as well as by this definition of their labors, - 'Till we all come in the uuity of tbe faith und ot tbe knowledge ol the Son of God, unto a parted man, unto the measure ot the stature of the tuln«s« ol Christ ' The judicious employment of lay seal would be olten found toourli its erratic outgoings, and to prevent anomalous instances of indepoa-leni action contrary to the discipline which we have reoeived. Tbe primitive church, too, sets us a useful lesson in regard to tbe Diaconate. Practically, since the Reformation, tbe Ctiurob of England has but two orders of tba ministry, Tbe exigencies ot the colonial church require a more defined and distinctive Diaconate, Tbere are men, ot eaal and love, whose services are continually lost to our church by ber refusal to fiml them room for the cultivation of tbeit talents. They may not have learning and otber personal advantages which qualify then 'or the higher orders ol Chrises ministry, and their services may be secured for a more modest re muneration. There are districts again, as on the North Coast and along the Southern Channel, whioh are too ex tensive for tbe supervision of one Pres byter, and tbere are not funds for the support of-two. In suoh cases, it would be our wiser policy to adopt the more primitive Diaconats,— the consecration of a man to tbe office of a Standing Deacon, who may serve under tha stated Presbyter. We may lots much by a rigid and unreasonable adheroace to a traditional system which bas no sanction in Holy Scripture or primitive usage I make these observations becausd ol the prejudice wbicb some highly es teemed churchmen have expressed in regard to the employment both ol Lay Deaoons as well as_a less educated aud The Archdeacon of the Norib report* to me his interesting visits to the islands in Baes's Straits. These visits, however, are exceedingly expensive, and I grieve to find that be is at itia present time £300 out of pocket. He re ports to me tbat unless he it belpel. the work must be abandoned. Synod can of course da no mote than com pare the relative claims made upon it. But an enterprise like this has a special claim upon the missionary sympathies of the church, and indeed the whole Oilony. Private subsections and an uual church collections may fairly be insisted upon lor eo philanthropic an object. Tue House of Assembly bus ee«n fit, I regret to say, to disaiioi? its obligation to provide epeciul sjiriiual iniuistia ion lor its own eleemosyisry institutions. The go vernment, considering that un ex. ception at lea-t should be made on behflt ot :he prisons, retained tha grant to thn chaplains upon the estimates It wai uot until I bad per fectly sntUfiud inysKll tnat tn--8e grauts too wuultl b« sacrificed, tliar I v--mured to propose tbat the churched sboul-l undertake the responsibility of providing what services they were able lor which some fixed sum of money should he granted from the public treasury. Tint sum so granted was filed at £200 My proposal is, that for the present tl.e services uf the old chaplains should be, if posvible. retained, and thtt they should be asked to accept two- thirds ol what they oreviously recehtd, credi being given for (be compsnbating allow ances, to which as discharged servants of tbe government they are entitled. 1 have much pleasure in reporticg the progress which the chathedral com mittee has made in the work witb which Synod bad entrusted it. In epite ot the fears ot the less hopeful, that in these comparatively less affluent times, the undertaking would not sue ceed, or, it it did, it would do eo to the injury of other more directly important works, no iess a sum than £6,000 has bsen raised by donations and promises. This result is the more gratifying from tbe fact that, on no nravinna n» ha* the amount required by Svnod from private sources for the supply of tbe ordinary wants of tbe church been more readily obtained. The feeling has not been difficult to arouse in tbe liesrts of the people, and especially among tbe middle-class, whose liberality has been ?he most eminently conspicuous, that where there. i8 a Bishop 'here «hi uld be 8 Cathedral, in some sort worthy to be called tbe chief House of God, worthy to bold up its head among the public buildings of the city, worthy o have solemniked within its walls the principal funotions of an apostolio aud episcopal church, worthy to be a material type ol the rank and influence of the English Cburab. ? The architect employed is one of the highest reputation., Tbe fact Jat be has restored two of the college hapsls in Cambridge, and carried off one of the the three prices for designs for the memorial church at Cons'anti nople, invited trom all tbe architects ot Europe,, is a sufficient guarantee. Since 1h9'. we met, we have expe rienced many obanges in tbe ministry. The Archdeacon of the South was warned by the failure of *but physical strength, 'which in earlier days he may have overtaxed in his Master's work, that it was due to the church and to himself that be should retire from the principal cure, and claim the pension which tbe liberality of a past generation bad provided for its earlier pioneers. With him bas retired tbe aged servant ot tUe Lord, tbe Rev. James Norman, who began a life of holy enterprise in that region of European graves — Sierra Leone,— a lite protracted, nevertheless, beyond tbe usual limit by tbe sani tory influence of a Taatnanian climate. I hope that both himsell uud tbe Arch deacon may long remain among ub, lor HotBH spare service to tbu church, !-v uo^ecraiingthn residue of their strength as occasion uffxrs, and by ihe pownr of h huly example The incum'iency ot St. David's ban fallen to Mr, Cox, whose retention amongst us 1 hope is me Letter secured. His provisional call to tbe serf of Nutal it ibe best tes'iinony to bis value. (is plaoe at St. Jobu's the Board ol Patronage have most satis factorily supplied. Two others have been removed by death,— one in the spring- time of his age, the other wbeu the loaf was sure : both bum« to their earthly resting-place amid the tears o- their people, sorrowing tbat they shuuld hear no more from loving lips the words uf earnest counsel. My reverend brethren, let me solemnly remind you of the grave trust which we have undertaken. You are bound not only to purfurin the public duties ot tbe Sanctuary, but as far as possible to reaob the apostolic model, — ' Daily in the temple and every bouse they ceased not to teach and preach Christ.' Surely, every portion of each clergyman's district, bowever remote, should be periodically visited, if possible, quarterly, or at least annually. Then, children will never, as often now, grotr up unbaptised, tbe holy communion be unadministered, the sick or aged die unvuited. For want of more faithful ness in some oases, I grieve to say tbat there are localities of which clergymen have taken the deliberate oversight systematically unvisited, on account ot some personal inconvenience which tbe village doctor or tbe government in spector would cheerfully submit to as a mere matter of bargain. In my visits 1 have found children of cburcbineu baptise! uy preaching laymen of other communions, and that too without tbn plea of sickest. The practice of some c|en£y-uen uf d^clioin^ to attend u should be what they consider a suffici ent number to justify the trouble ol u journey, is greatly to be reprehended aa un omission ..f duty sadly calculated to weaken the ministerial influence. But another and I hope less frequent prao tice ot accepting lees for ibis holy rite is u flagrant violation of the laws ot the church, which I feel compelled to stnt« exposes tbe offender not only to reprool, b it to penalty. I know uf many iu stances of children in health brought by ignorant church people to tbe itiuerum preacher. In all curUiian uounsey he should inform them that he is uo more tban another layman ; and that in case ol sudden sickness, tue parent as tbe priest ut the latnily, bus a lar higher authority. Still, who is to be surprised, that, among a people isolated and un taught, such ignurancH ehuuld prevail, if i heir own clert-yuun never instructs, or warns, or even visits them ! I aiu nol aware wbai report has been ptepareii by the commit ee appointed 'or inves'igtttiug (he question ut tnam u;$e fees. Belore [ leave subjects of domestic imerest, I am glad tj report the pro Kress, though bIow, toward* tbe 1 quid ution of the d--bt whiob has so long paralysed Christ's College. That debt, onceol Buoh formidable dimensions will be very soon brought down to a sum scarcely exceeding £3000. That sum would have been smaller, were it not for the failure of crops duriug two sue cessive seasons in the locality, aud con sequent loss of rent. I still look to the increase of the church's temporal means through the multiplication of Parochial Associa tions. Tbere seems to be no sufficient reason for doubting their adaptation to tbis as well as to other oolonial dio ewes, as a machinery for reaohipg every rank of tbe parishioners. As the duty is ii ore felt by tbe clergy to combine tbe people in one practical bond which shall make them realize their unity as parts of tbe same church, I trust tb.nt tbese Associations will more rapidly spread. Parishes, whioh, from the nature ol the cure, have no immediate interest in tbe increase of tbe finances of the church,' should provide for their own future, and use tbe present opportunity tor tbe esta blishment ot an endowment fund. The warn of partial endowment in any church has a grievous eff«ot upon tbe paroobial olertry ; and no layman of the English church should detire to see a man ul God reduced to the condition of 'iioh dependence upon himself, or any other man, the fear of whose resontment may tempt him to stifle tbe words which be ought to apeak, rather tban toacoei.t ie alternative of beggary for bis family. Ever, right think.ng layman must see lat, while it may be advisable for his clergyman to depeud in part upon tbe freewill .offerings °» the people/it Was Ae noble- oobseoration of land to the purposes of religion in days gone by, to wbiob we owe the purity and moral in ependenos of the English parish priest. Tbe partial dependence upon freewill offerings bas a tendency to prevent the bundago of the people to a despotic or self-willed clergyman; while an entire dependence makes the minister ot God a slave to tbe prejudices ot the people, or the caprice ot tbe influential law. Tiie coIodihI landowner, who desires to see his church assimilated to the church of his fathers, should imitate tbe faith of ancient churchmen. They rested on tbe assurance, that, if they would learn aright tbe lesson ol tbe Old Testament, and set a-ide the tithe as God's pro perty, as ibe means of temporal support, God would provide fur himself, and bis children utter him, tbe pastor whine purity of teaching and truthfulness would not be corrupted by (ear ot the failure of tbe bread tbat perisbeth. Sinofl wp last met, the status of the Colonial Church in its relation iu the church at boine, has engaged the atten tion ot the English Parliament. The course ot events bus (nude some clear enunciation inevitable. There are great Huoiualies arising from tbe undefined relation in wbicb we stand to the church Mt borne. What is the uutbority of the Ecclesiastical Courts over ui? What Hllegiance do we owe to the Queen's supremacy ! What is tbe nature ot ? but inter-deiiendence wbicb mbsiBt* between two branches of ibe eatne church, one incorporated witb tbe State, and the otber independent of it? I* tbe oolonial church an integral portion of the Church of Englnnd and Ireland as our own church constitution defines it, or are we independent sell- existing churches, in union with the church whose mission we hold ? These are qnnstions of deep and vital interest, requiring tbe combination of ecclesias tical leuruing and legal wisdom for their complete solution ; — questions which deiuand nevertheless, the immediate attention of colonial authorities. Dun ing tbe last session of Parliament, the late Secretary of the Colonies intro duced a bill, tbe effect of which would be to constitute colonial churches mde. pendent of the mother church, and even facilities were offered to the seve ral Colonial Bishops for h listening its operations by tbe surrender of iheir ' letters patent.' Mr Card well's euo cessor expresses bis intention ot re nffirming in a new IUI1, during this si snion, tbe leading principles embodied in bis own. The Bishop ot Lundoa bas taken advantage ot the interval, and has endeavoured to canvass ibe opinions of tbe colonial cliurch, with the view, I conclude, ot repieseming her interests when tbe subject should come belore the House ol Lords. As bis I'tter, which you must have sreo, had no official authority, I did not tbiuk it nuooseary to anticipate ilia ununl ti.no .(? „„. ...rcuiUJijjjf. As, however, you had already appointed a select committee of lat and clencat members to discuss the subject ot pro vincial Synods, I regarded these gen tlemen as best entitled to represent, at least approximately, the opinions of the whole Synod. Tue categorical reply which I returned to tbe liisbop of London, you would observe, commits nobody beeides myself. Since we last net, tbe Master of tbe Rolls Iihb de livered an important judgment, tha \--ff«ut of which is ts interpret more ulrurly tbe well known decision of the Privy Council. The effect of that decision, Lord Romdly declares, bas tieen greatly iu!«iii)diT*looi1. Loiters Patent have tbe vffeut of investing a colonial Bishop, not ouly with tliosa full powers wliicb, in every ajre, have m. pertained to the episcopal office, but witb a territorial jurisdiction, with this drawback. — that, where tbere was no established Cburcb, such Bn-h'ip cannot enforce bis au'hority without bating recourse to the civil power. He is & titulur and also a territorial Bishop, but bis decisions, and those of any church court under him, ate liable to the revision of the culomat legislature. In one of the Bishop of London's ques tions, we are at-kert' whetber we desire any appeal lrom our colonial eburebcuurts to auy authority at b-iuie. After tbe recent juiginem, it seems to me tbat the English courts which hear such appeals by virt-ie of ibe union of Church and State, — a union which places the Queen at tba bead of the church, — may properly rejt-ct any such appeal from the colonies as 'extra vires.' We may indeed elect to recognise the royal supremacy, but such supremacy cannot carry witb it tbo same effioienoy in churches cot established. But should English authorities determine that the State bas no control over mut ters ecclesiastical wherever tbere is an independent legislature, still such aeon sequence, flowing from tbe recent judg ments,, need not bar any appeal tram our civil courts to those at home. The more I examine the question upon both ecclesiastical and civil grounds, the more it appears to me tbat do direct appeal should lie from our own ecclesi ostioa.1 courts to tlin.n ut koine, but from our eoclesiastioal court to tue Supreme Court of the colony, end thence to the Judioial Committee of the Privy Council. Thus tbe Privy Council kbould nt)B9i 89 no original, but only an iipimllute authority; and that not by virtue ot any coercive right in matters spiritual, but only bb far us civil rights and liber ties are effected by them. But tbere is another still more important question wbiob underlies the entire tetter ot tba Bishop of London. How is ibe colo nial church related, in matters of lattb and discipline, to tbe mother church 1 It tbe oolonial church is pronounod to be entirely independent, what is to prevent her from virtually drifting, by her own determ nation of eoclesiastioal questions, gradually from union with Ijie mpiUer chiunb ? TpAt is the diifi gulty «n pm side. The difficulty -m the other side is this. If the colonial church is not to become «n independent church in communion with tlie United Church of England and Ireland, but to remain, bs heretofore, an integral branch of tier, I know uot bow such, unity as is desired can be maintained except (-y our simple and unquestioning eubscrip tioa to her articles and formularies, whatever alteration ihey may underwit. But nr« we prepared to accept tbe full consequences ol suob submission witb out h »oien io Convocation or io Pjrli» mrnt ? Shall the wu)« joist authority of Convocation and Parliament which excluded three articles in Edward'* reign be at liberty to aubtraot other artioleii yt faith or to add new opes, and so liin-) tba faith and *liack|e tbe independence of the pploniftl cbureh, and bind ii hum) and Twt f Shall we remain powerless, jif the English Parliament, so differently eonitituted since the daysof Henry acd JJdward, shall become Erastianieed,' or if it endorse tbe traitorous doctrinn that tbe Aujrlicao church is a mere creature pf iiie ^tato, -u»d compel ua to abnndop tbenotiop of her being a divioe ijuti tutioo accidentally incorporated with it, or lastly, if ber bulwark* of dogma are to be tprn down, and her deposit of ' die faith onoe delivered to tba sainu' to be surrendered in order that ebe way sacrifice her catholicity to her national ity f Are wp prepared to accept these possible results, retaining to ouiselvoe not even tba privilege of a vote, in I common wi h our sister churches, but only the mockery of some feeble pro test ? It was with such convictions on my mind a* to (lie practical conse quences of snv b»sfy letcMutioa that I replied to tbe Bishop of London. If a change must take place, I um in favor of a gradual and transitional progress towards ecclesiastical as towards politi cal independence. I would not hare the Colonial Church surrender her ' letters patent,' nor yet the Queen's su premtcy; but I would have it so defined as to leave us at liberty to choose our bishops either from home or elsewhere as we see fit; while I maintain that to secure unity with the mothar church by Burrenderipg independence (or all time is to betray a want of faith in the divine promise that Christ shall be with us to the end of the world. The true gua rantee for maintaining this unity in tbe several branches of the Anglican Church ultimately lies, as it always has, in tbe establishment of Provincial Synods. Their decisions would keep in chock the erratic tendency of individual dioceses ; while they in turn might be regulated, as occasion required, by a national council of the mother church, in which the Provincial Synods might be repre sented by their mei»jpoJitans. Tiio I facilities of coromunicau m in this age will remove many practical hindrances. For such an organisation the colonies may not be, for many y.ars, ripe. I am onlr .speaking of one towards which they may l»a aiming and preparing. Meanwhile, for ail immediate purpose, I see no reason why tbe A.rcbbubi-|t ol Canterbury may not stand in the posi tion of a metropolitan in churches where there is no metropolitan. and pa triarch where there is one, Tuere are many reasons why we should not with to sever the bonds that connect us with the mfther church. There in a pur«|i«l between the training for independence in civil and in ecclesiastical mmime As a State and as a Church grows older, tbe restraint of parent!.! govern ment should be less and less oeosibly experienced, and the power of self government should be gradually at tained, Nature borself teaches us this lesson. In an embryo colony, eacti parental control may ba well Digh absolute, but soon a« these colours have grown into powerful states, soon aa the eaify «etUen bare oeased to look upon dieir residence in them as temporary, and to think of England as tbeir real home to which they look to return when they shall have amassed suffiuiunt wealth, the cue will be altered. But so long as (fee endow ments of tbe church have, in great part, been contributed by churchmen at home, so long as a small community eflurds no sufficient play for different views, and there is a consequent danger ol the oburch lalliog into tbe bondage either of an ecclesiastical daspotiitn on (he one band, or ol an ignorant or self willed sectarianism en the other, in such an infancy as that, to throw off tbe restraints of maternal control would be tie reckless act ot a wayward child. Tasmania may indeed have outgrown tbe embryo condition ; but she has not Tet, nor has any coloay, except tbe United States, attained the fullness of stature, which has a right to claim ex emption from home control, that only check oy which the evils whether of despotism or licentiomneK can be ade quately restrained. There is one other subject to which, at least a passing notice might be made. It ia impossible for any large movement to be matte at home without exciting a deep lttterest in the colonies. The development of a higher iorm of rittudism is a pheno menon which may well suggest the in quiry whit is its design, and whither will it lead 1 Tbe duty of the rulers at home bas been to ascertain how far this sudden movement is a protest against and a re action from the cold and burreu services which chilled the devotion of a past age, and now far it is an index of unfaithful ness to the reformed faith and practice of tho Church, They who claimed for tlie highest ordinance iu Christ's church a ttore becoming reverence, aud strive to bunor tlio Master by honoring His own sacrament, aud claim to lisa tbe tbnus, sacrifice,*' 'priest,' 'altar,' in the simple ?enaein which tbe primitive church used {*?*??- abtiula nut be maligned as 'false JHWhren.' But when ineu employ auch Jwjn&tor; the purpose of inculcating the ?w**m«tjf »wpettffll T-topitirtory effer- WBiBlKh, (JWf fWJw'Wtjfla, of $he Word of GpdwdoftUeteachwg of «ur«|rij ttiml church may well egefte f eeUngg o,f sound-hearted men- I am persuaded that inuah of what we witness ib tbe reaction from tbe (Joleusn heresy,' and niucb is the con-equpiice of the .great excitability which characterises th«P times. One thing is cjnar, that tbe success of this movement ia owing to a certain temper of wind, an outward conditiou pf thiugs. favoia'de to if.s growth Np *ucL mov-». pioiit is possible on any other supposition. Tue rejection of all authority from with out, the growing intolerance of oil defined dogmatic truth, the spread of latitudi tiaripiiiriii), vergiuj! on infidelity, the bold denial of the luspiratioit of Holy Scrip turns, have Ciuwd a reaution ia favor of principles psrhips too much over looked — a reaction wliipb, if met only witb the bitterness of ah unsympathising nurtiftHiishjp, will advance the interests 61 tlomaaitm. Adiasenter from our com inuuiou has said that tbe ' partisan Pro testautisot which was a, wall of brass ngaiust the detoand for tquaiity of civil rights to Uoinan Catholic uubjucta, is an a web of gosiamer against the advances of liomaa Uatbolio doctrine.' Aod tbe rea son is plain. There is a form of popular Protestanism which denies any authority in the church.- When this authority is denied, the denial of the caponicity of the New To»tain»ut, which that authority determined, follows ; And then must come either tbe still more rapid spread of in fidelity, or a reaction which, if not re strained by the trae principles of the Anglican Church, will *nd u» schismatic aod slavish submission to the Church of Rome. A thoughtful Interpreter of tbe ugat of tbe timei will Imr in mind that we Ji»« in an sue ol m«ntal «ud material «oufi.y. The century «hieb wUnvswi tbe cn-auau ol thp railway »n4 thewle^raoh wituenw- ?Ira great inteltiotunt TevolutiiMu. Tn- IVteleyans erect 4iothic cho,tel« upnaail vuieed Api(lio«n models, aud ate no Iuh S«r «iha-ued to decorate their ar«nitect-»« with the lymtol of tbe Oliri§u»« Ibiiu. The Pr«tbyterian Ohiirch tit' Saitlioi J»re» to caa'aM in «olemu a««iin:.|y the l'oriun view ol tbeir tradition! thtibatli and to adrooite the in«rodu;-ian of tioth organ and liturgies into their services aiw sanctuaries, and we even fatar whiapen o: the desirablenen, of a limitwl epiwopaoy In our church, for fifty yens put, sacrvd structures have been built more worthy the bigb purpo»e for which thty have been conteeroted. ThU age, which baa also shown itself so euteeptiole of ?Jthetic in fluenoec, has during Uiat perioj delighted to add beauty to the liouae of God, and has attempted to appeal to the religious sense of the worshippers through tbe eye as well 85 through tbe ear. Apart, there fore, from all dootrinal siisnificmce, bqme improvement of our ritott eeem a corol lary to the artestie improvement ol the sacred edifice itself. Liymen have ia many cases been forward to demand tbe changes which bare excited -o much alarm. Per my part, I have always felt jealous of an undue development of the sensuous in religious worship, but I do not ?bare ths tlarai which some (eel about the iswe of the present movement. The law of the church, settled at the Reformation, can be iuterp eted by proper authority, ind when so interpreted, wilt afford a sul ficieut saleguard a^ainjt excea1. All at tempts to invoke fresh legislation, lor the lake of pleasing one-si Jed men. or fir the sake ol giving a triumph to an extreme uarty on eiifu-r siJe, is to be stronly de invcalpd The law. as it stands, will re press the effiits of those who, ander ths plea ot improving the church's ritual, are so interpreting it ai to |;ive sanction to do- tiineH and practices against which we have soleiinlv pro'. «;ei). The residuum of the mo- etnent. when it has passed away, will v. what in many places is so much re jui-ed,— an increase ol reverence for sacred thing', sn I a more realising sense of rhp prese ce ot Ourist in the highest act of uhiistiau worship. The wbole d»|iute lurns upon the meaning ql a rj ria. That diiiputed rubric sanctions— nay it enjoins —ornaments that '' -vere mm .taring the secoud year of EdwnrJ Vi.' Dii it refer to hose prgscrlte) de Guitely in the first prayer- book of Ed ward? Jtf it did, then extreme ritualists, are prohibited from bringing back those that were in use beiore the issue of that first prayer- book. It is certainly true that the first prayer-'book did not come into circulation till the commencement of the third year, while tbe rubric speaks of tbe second year of bis reign. No doubt many of the ritualists are honest in tbeir view of tbe meaning of the rubric ; but that book, though not in general circula tion till tbe third year of Edward, was formally recognised in the second It seems to me in tbe highest degree im probable that our present prayer-'book should have intended to sanction all those elaborate vestments which are distinc tively Romania and not Anglican,— vest ments, which iii their nature contradict the letter and spirit ol tbe Refcraistiua At the same time it is worthy of remark, that those prescribed by the first prayer-bouk and the use of which is clearly permis siblo, are in excess of those permitted in the eannons : but this coutrariety proves to my mind that the commissioners at the final settlement of the prayer-book, were actuated by a broad aud compre hensive spirit. In such a Bpirit, if the occasion required it. in my fatherly office, I should counsel tbe like moderation aqd conaiderateuess one towards another in all circumstances that admit of doubt. I should not think it necessary to offer any warning which seems so little, called for in this country, were it not for an attempt to impede so noble a work as to build a '' beautiful bouse for the Lord.' by casting ungenerous aspersions upon tbe motives of its promoters. 1 am not surprised that there should be men who from intelligible motives of economy or. expediency might declino to help us. such motive I can respect. But men were to be found at the Reformation, and are still, who, iu tbe recoil against the obuBes whioh that event swept away, would, if they hud had their way, have altoreg tbo wliolo course of Christian worship, aud have niztsd to the ground all tbe temples of Oodt, and broken down the carved work thereof. But a better spirit was given to the Anglican reformers They respected antiquity, and re-arranged tbe ritual and dociriuu of our church iu such a manner va not to shock the prejudices of those [.rained in tlie old Bystcoi. Their aron'sd principle was to retaiii whatever liat the sanction of the primi tive age; and, discarding whatever of ornament or use sivored of later error, they yet respected, with wise discrimina tion, our baautiful national churches, whom architecture Nonconformists. We to. imitate. Those churches are monu ments of the piety, and self 'denial of the past, which bore witness in their time to tbe invisible, even amidst prevailing darkness and superstition. Compre- hensiveness, and a tender regard for other men's scruples, were the guiding principles of the Reformation, It was advisedly that the prayer-book and the whole ritual, were so left as to admit either of a simple or more ornate character, in order to suit the tastes or longings of different temperament and different ages Impulsive men, whose minds are filled with but one idea, may condemn the latitude of the reformers, but their right place is outside the church. They may use the bugbear of disruption, but no effort can throw doubt upon the com prehensive design of the reformed church. stamped upon every par. tion of her system. £n& #he lias now, us ever, b»r clear duty before her eye a,nd that duty is to ateer a ham tjn flinchjug cuurne between ths ouyieldiog spirit of one party, and their unreasoning hatred of all that is sacred and reverent in the past ; and on the other hand, the restless desire of another U- nbltte the wise liberty which our church ftjb-w*. f hope there are none in this diocese, who, whatever tMr views^ wUl forget tbe »po»tle's sauiton not :M» 'al(pw tuts liberty of theirs to beoome ft stumbling block to tliat are weak.' &.is better to leave a large margin than tofltfeed *U« scruples of weaker br«thron, for very love aod gentlt «epeot, I oaunot m strongly oondeoin tbe iujustige of attempl^ng to create a prejudice pa sur-h ft gruund ogaiust our efforts -o build a mpdest and simple cathedral ohqrob, after tbe. example of oluer colopjqs. If any man objects, ie ia free to hold back ilia baud, p\H kit him uot tamper with other wen'fl liberties, it seetns almost an Misult to jour vommiin sense to add that tbe iuMl»p4ty ^f ^ ju. cumbent aud 'bishop are paramount in (the cathedral church aud c.in restrain, all ex trjivjigances, or ecctutricitiea. Np dovbt Kiere are here, pa »\ home, diffidences of opinion aB to tbe reJation between the eiieriijU and the spiritual in religious worship. That they do exist, among the laity and clergy, is up matter of surprise, and scarcely of regret, so long as they are held temperately, and are not suffered, to embody themselves into organised parties. Within prescribed limits, made wider ac cording as men are permitted to think more for themselves, extremes may be overruled to correct each other, l am satisfied of this, that though amongst ourselves, there may be some verging to one extreme and some to another, pone are conscious of any feeling but that of love and faitbfulueas to our common church. I do strongly deprecate any changes intro duced iu our churches until the people are convinced of their desirableness, or without tbe consent of the Diocesan. All may rest secure that no predilections: of my own for or against what seems to be improvement wjjl ever hinder the exer cise of fairness towards any eecfcjou of our common church over which I am called to preside An attempt; on one side to gam a triumph over the other will have n j favour from myself No 1 Differences should call forth tbe exercise of charity, and serve the purposes of Christian toleration and mutual respect. Our reformers, differing among them selves, learnt tbe lesson of tolerance to wards others They agreed, indeed, iu protesting against the error of transub stantiation, which, to their view, robbed the Eucharist of all its meaning as a sacra - went. They refused to regard the Holy Communion as a literal sacrifice; they were jealous for the time of the very term ' altar,' used though it was by primitive ages, lest it should be associ ated by the iguorant with errors then solemnly discarded. Still, when we know that upon ' the consecration of the elements, and the effect of this consecra tion, and several other points, the re formers differed greatly among them selves,' the very fact should teach us to honor each other's freedom and to respect each other's scruples. No one has a right to be positive where tbe reformers hesitated, and to claim to be a wiser judge of hidden and abstruse doctrines than the church itself. Dogmatic men, lacking humility and learning, are the sowers of discord among brethren and enemies of the Cross of Christ. Bitter ness and violence are no proofs of fidelity to Christ. It is easy to be faithful to our own party. To resist it when wrong is real faithfulness. Quiet firmness, not fierce onslaught, is the Christian's temper. The most liberal minded towards those who differ from us will prove at last to be tbe really faithful, Is there not enough to do outside the pale of our church, that brethren should be divided within iti Is there no need to re-unite our forces, high or low or broad, in order to stem the tide of avarice, and lust, and wickedness, under the common banner of Him who died for us all ? Defect or exaggeration in ritual may be alike deplored, and be symptoms of different tendencies; but what is either compared with the all important duty of the church in etaying the errors of infidelity and moral evil, in maintaining the paramount authority of God's Word, and of living in the bonds of peace and brotherly love f It is to be hoped that our rulers in church and state will have wisdom given them to separate the evil from the good The increased reverence and dignity in our services, the more frequent celebration of the holy communion, aro elements of good in the recent movement : and the protest against the rationalising doctrines of the age which rejects the supernatural in the Word of God, and reduces tho sacrament to bare and barren -signs. On the other hand, I know nothing more calculated to arrest the progress of the church, or the love of her teaching and of her prayer-book, which was taking a deep and a deeper hold upon the popular mind, and to darken the prospect of the return of dissenters to her fold, than the attempt, not to develops the church's true ritual, but to make the doubtful more of assimilating her services, as far as possible to those of Rome, I rejoice to see that the Ienglwsh bishops are fully alive to the crisus, and are ready to restrain excesses within the limits of the law, but set their faces as flint against mutilating our great inheritance, the book of common prayer. Despotic na tures may invoke the secular power, but they forget that English sense of fair play will never sanction the restraint of freedom in one direction only and not in another. Penalties imposed upon those who teach too much must, in common justice, be followed by penalties upon those who teach too little. It is hard to prove that errors of excea are more ?aisMtronMha* WW vi ttyttf. ? I taut fchatOW rulers, will rwithstand the temp before long tbe present nM excitement will pass by. as other forms of excitement have before it : and as soon as the waters have eubfcided, a deep deposit of richer reverence and a more becoming attention to external religion will remain, to help and not to crush the pare devotion of our people^, r In my last addrifsi p you, I spoke of the removal of hindrances iu the way of the return of what are called orthodox dissenters to the church of their fathers. It is the duty of our church to remove all excuses. The non-estabIishment of the Church of England iu Lite t-vluuies must have taken awjiy ono stuinbling-b'pck from thoso who profess to entertain conscientious objections to the nnlon of church aqd stau The new Clerical Subscription Act, which I have gladly introduced into this diocese, allowing as it does a wider liberty of thought with uniformity of outward worship, invites, the return of the followers of those rigid and saintly men whom our bad policy drove from us in a past and unsympathising age. Hav ing begun at home to make atonement for past errors, whether wu regard hs dflf eptiqn of Independent? or of tYesleyans, apd having thrown upon them the responsibility of ^ntioued separation, we may then claim to yearn fpr tbe union of Christendom. There is a manifest and welcome tendency to closer oomraunion with the Anglican Church on the part of all those reformed churches. who lost not in the struggles of the Reformation, the apostolic form of episcopacy, whether we look totheEpp copal Ctiurph of Scotland, the Lull) nn Episcopal Church, pr that of the United States. The completion of such a union, happily begun, may help to diminish the obstacles which stand in the way of a union with the eastern church. So far the work, to ardent and loving minds, who would not forget our dear Lord's last prayer for unity may seem. and does seem, not wholly hopeless; but never till the Church of Rome shall abjure her claims to infallibility and supremacy — never till she disown her right to enact articles of faith irrespective of the inspired records of Revelation, - dare we, without the sin of unfaithfulness, dream of union with her against whoso Usurpations and whose encroachments we have once and ---r all protested. I honour Irom my heart tbe desire to make every Uwlul concession for so noble aa o'.jeet an catholic unity. Bat God forbid that one of us eho ,!.i accept it at tbe expense ol Catholic (ru£&,-4cripturtl, primitive uu changeable truth, -^tbat one fui'b, once, and once fur all, delivered to tbe saints. So far as this treachery is the motive of tne ritual movement, let us shoulder to shoulder withstand it. Let us iudeetl, heart and sout, welcome any improvement in eiterual worship in tbe p.aoe of thu bald ceremonial wb:ch has alienated tue poor, whose religion! epuse is reached chiefly through thejf {motions ; but let to jealously guard our cliurch against any novelties of ritual, which, unknown in primitive times, i- lioman and not Anglican — the symbol of camparatively modern heresies. Something bas been said about an asso ciation formed for promoting this union. I have been at pains oT enquiring into its nature. It bai'uo organisation Oeyouil the simple promise on the part of tbe indi viduals to use a very simple and short daily petkioiitor the ''peace and unity of Christ's Church.' Tlie Pope, indeed, has power Io inhibit Routm'-ta Irom using it, and be lisa ¥jrercisnd that power ; but the cbarac erislie tolerance ol the EoglUh eiiurch would no more think ot inter. ennj with sucb an asanciaiion than witb tlie Evangelical Alliance. 1 have no wish to join either association, fur though the objects ol hulh iu themselves m.st be gooJ, I am afraiJ ol^ all luovements which tend to draw dUtihct ve and party lineB amongst br- thren, anil tend io keep them separata In one word, tbe great lesson to he learu' is one of charity and conciliation: ' Wbauver ye would that men should do unto} oil, do ye also unto them.' Let each ol us attempt the work, s.i difficult to some minds, ot looking at great question from au other man's etaniliug-poiut. There are no ijrea'er ene.nies to the comprehensive and tole ant principles of our church than men of illineril minds, who bold all as en emies ol Gro-I who capnot view truth ex nelly as they view it, or utter ' Shibbe teth,' exactly as they utter it. If we ob ject to doubtful views or practices which do not comm.nii themselves to our mind?, hut yet lie'witbin the lin.itsol the church's comprehensive standards, let it be oars not to strife much less to use the weapons ol persecution, as tbe manner of some U. Let us rather provoke one another to goo i works, and prove tbe superiority ot our own views by the practical influence which they exert over our own livej and conduct We are too apt to judge of those of an opposite school by some unfortunate and exceptional example!. Every school has alir*ys i»d, «od will always have, l:s nar row-minded disciples, who fight Tor tbe form, but miss the power, of some great truth which their own school was raited op to guard. The great Evangelical patty though its main object has beta attained of witnesbing against the Pelagians and Sociniaus of tha last century, has not, as aomp suppose, lost all its original life and spirituality ; nor are those of an opposite scboil to tie numbered amongst traitors to their mother, so loos as they do not con sciously transgress her wise restraint*, bu cause they yearn for a more imposing ritual than that which starved the devoti.in of a past age, overlooked by the Evangeli cal movement. The existence of different sentiments gives scope tor the exercise or charity. Let ua then act as brethren : 'let all vrelb aod clamour be pat mtty from us,'— Let us 'speak tbe truth in ioye,' ' hold tbe faith in the unity -.,f the spirit and '.he bond of peace.' and obey one oT the most solemn injunctions of the great Apostle,— '' I beseech you, by the Lord Jesna Christ, that ye all speak the same thing, and tbtt there be no divisions among you. but that je fee perleclly joined together in the same mind and in the «aaie judgment,' Msy the Uoly Ghost guide our delibe rations, aoJ euttble us to carry (.hem on in s catholic aud u Ctinstisu spirit. \- THS SKCKKTAI.T TO TUB If HOD. The . Ue». V. li Cox, pursuant to amended nutice, moved the appaintuient ol a select committee tu c insider aod report upon tbe way in wbuh the duiien qf Seori tarr fbuuJJ oe cnrrit'l oaf, waioh h-js aurdeil to, ani Me«Nr-t. Olidpinaii, Ui-!-aou, liiulapoltl, tireen, «ud 0» «»CJ« ftj,pi»inti;J ttiesaid cumiBitttse. »KPiE8ENT»rlUN Of DIiTANT P».aiUU9. Mr, V, H. Oos t»0MB Uut ?«latt*gn-L ffllttet :bf appointed to cqwider by mbtt means the more diatmst f)W» ot the fcjpoy may be better rppreseptert in jbe Synod ; to report during tbe present cesclon. Mr W. $. Sharl.nd seconded, ann tbe notion waa *gri*-d to. Sir It. Dry, Mr, Qnen, tyr. ^barlaod, ijr. Miion, and Air. Cpx wor« ai.ppjnted the conimittce. provincial ctsods. Rev, X. Davenport moved the a3option of the report of tbe select coipmittee on Pforlacial Synods, br*««ht up on Monday Agreed to, .and pursuant to the rscoin mendation of the report, the conimi'te was enlarged by the a ilition of tbe Jl v Mr. IIudsDeth, Mr, Tarleton, aud Mr Suarfand. VS4VELIN MUSEUM. Rtv. P. Hudapetb, purauwt to notice, ?sVed; the m«hnp whythjar and on ^hat conditions the Fraoklio RiHseam bas been haniled rtver to the i hircTi of Kuji|iiiiii 1 ' The Bishop saiil the Museum b»1 been handed over, so aa to pass intn t-se hand* ol the . JJIfh»p if .within twenty yean there should be no provision made fortustwoiilg a college or uniyeisity. His 'Lordship would not object Jo confer witb »ny gep tluman on rtw a«h}eet. ? ? - The Church A/tvaoate -asked what bad become of the renjs and profits. Explanations vikte piven--y the Bishop and Archdeacon Davies, nnfl » kiommtttee eoneisliog of Messrs. Chapman, Macdowell, Dobsno, Adams, Huaepe4b, and Davenport, «ra« appointed to oenfer with tbe Iluhxjp. rABSOV&QBXC; BOTHWBLU The Church Advpcate called attention to the purchase of a paxsauagc at Both - veil, The leirped gentleman referred to the resolution pf the last sitting to empower tbe purchase' of premises at L60U, namely, L200 to be raised by the inhabitant* and L.400 to bo borrowed of the Building Sooioty, the Rev Mr He» keth to surrender bis house allowance of L60 ayear. Tbe Building Society was ready to. lend ijie X^OO, »oi as to the subscription of tlie iwbabitmts, there wasX128psin the bank, i,ij J they' teld promissory notes running over four years to tbe amount of Lao. WW was neces sary was for the .Synod to baek the bills by becoming responsible, so that they might be turned into cash, and to au thoring any expenses that might be necessarily incurred in carrying the arrangement iuto effect, not vscaeding 1/25. He moved tb4 tl»« t»u»~.pn.r lw authorised to indorse the bills and pay out of the reserved parsonage fund the ueceabary amount accordingly. Rev A Davenport secbuded. A. discussion ensued ou the points raised by the action of tha riynod, when the resolution was agreed to CLBBttY WIDOWS1 AND OBFtTASS' FUJfO. The Synod went iuto committee to consider the report of tbe Select Commit tee on Clergy Widows' and Orphans' Fund. Bev A. Davenport moved tbe adoption of the repnrt, which he explained. It recommended the rescinding of the rules of the Clergy Life Insurance fund passed in August 1805, and the passing of an Act of Synod to effect the objects con templated. There were also a few matters iu the report which might be deemed to be outside the proposed -bill. A slight discussion took place as to the form of proceeding vben tbe Sj-nod r» sumed, and leave was given to Mr Daren port to briHg in the bill. The bill was brought in and read a first and second time and committed The clauses having been discussed, revised, and agreed to, aouia new clauses were proposed. Progress was reported, and leave ob tained to sit again next day. 