The twenty-fifth of December imposes ou the ' Maryborough Chronicle' . no - graver task than that of giving its readers the Compliments of the .season, in the form ofju little desultory gossip about ChrjstmasT^K the journalist, likeJUsQ^Qls^ghost, must needs ' ajgjga^MnTestive circles and hours, jeMnTfTat least don holiday garb and adapt his table talk to ...the. spirit of the occasion. There is, alas ! opportunity enough and to spare for indulging in comments on the state of the country, experimental legisla tion, political dishonesty, and other irre pressible topics, without Intruding upon our Christmas issue, with matters so little germane to an anniversary of time-honored recreation and enjoyment. And that the true hilarious spirit of Father Christmas, as he has been wont to lord it in 'Merrie England' from time immemorial, yet finds a responsive echo on Australian shores, who shall doubt? Despite the strange, and in some respects unfavorable conditions of climate and season, inseparable, from our geographical situation^ aud militating so strongly against the realisation of those feelings and -itnpressions with which early association has linked the Yule-tide of our Saxon forefathers, there is still the- earnest desire to remember, 'where ali surrounding circumstances favor forgetfulness — the relish and capacity, for active .enjoyment^ where a vertical sun and burning soil dispose to ? ? nl 4- ? . jAt., 4auguui auu ? auu cuuugcvuci a uuuci' mination to .'keep it up,' to make the most of the recreative appliances ait our disposal,, and to be jolly under difficulties, which has borne no mean share in subduing this vast continent to the purposes of civilisation and in the establishment of British supremacy throughout the globe. Though the Yule log Blaze not on our hearths — heaven fore fend that it should iiL such weather ! — and no solemn chant introduce the boar's head, V'-j' ' bedecked withf osemary,' to' the festive company ; though, in lieu, of midnight 'waits*' falling drowsily on the dreamer's ear as the snow-flakes gather thick and fast, the shrill treble of the mosquito alone beguiles the stifling hours of night ; . though there is HQ holly in church or hall, no illuminated tree, laden with resplendent gifts for the children, and no mistletoe, bough for those of larger growth j yet Aus fraliarta rtWnfriw somehow to get np a very fair imitation, of the mirth and jollity 'Symbolical in such venerable rites as we have mentioned. Country excursions, pic nics, al-fresco dances, horse racing, cricket and athletic sportB of every description, are capable of furnishing forth a sufficiently attractive bill* of fare to the actively in clined; while those who cling to English fashions may tax their digestions with slices of traditional roast beef and-plum pudding, and deck their dwellings with evergreens of. infinite variety, including more kinds of mistletoe than were ever reaped by Druid priests of old. And if of late years we of Australia's youngest colony have mayhap found it difficult to thrust aside, though for a brief season, the gloomy forebodings which a system of extravagance would excite even at this the most festive period of the year,, it-is a matter for rejoicing- that on the present occasion the cause for such anticipa tions has lost mtfbh of its intensity. Under a liberal.' : and ; enlightened, government, towards the establishment of which the efforts of our Legislature appear to be gradually, if slowly, tending, Queensland cannot fail to recover that place in- the grand onward march of national develop ment to which her. wonderful natural re sources have long entitled her. The dawn of this better era, in which we may expect wealth to take the place of penury, economy and rectitude that of extravagance, corrup tion, and favoritism, and lines of prosperous settlement that of uncultivated wastes tenanted by a sparse and discontented popu lation, has even now been inaugurated ; and this town, before others, has been favored by the returning tide of prosperity. That our hard-workiug and persevering friends at Gympie Creek, whose labors have been so largely instrumental in bringing about this desirable result, may enjoy their holi day as they deserve, and prosper the better for it afterwards, is a wish in which we are assured all inhabitants of the Wide Bay district will join, to whom in conclusion — and especially to such as are reader£of the ' Chronicle' — we address the old-fashioned^ salutation— A Merbt Christmas and a Happy New Yeab ! Ebratum. — In a local notice of Mr. Masters' collection of ornithological specimens, which appeared in our issue of the 18th instant, the word jabiru, was erroneously substituted for jacana. Mbs. Babnb, acting on the suggestion contained in the enclosed letter from -the Anglican Bishop of Brisbane, has requested us to publish it: — ' St. John's Parsonage, December 16tb, 2867. My dear Mrs. Barns, — I have sateiy received your letter with the cheque aea post-office order for £10 15s, which sum you had kindly collected amongst the . members of the congregation at Maryborough, . for the purpose of providing suitable cloths for covering the Holy Table. 1 will write to a friend in England, and ask him to send out, by an early opportunity, such as I hope that the congregation will like. Will you kindly send me the measure of the Holy Table, length', breadth, and depth ; I dare say that the editor of the Maryborough Chronicle would insert my letter in his paper as an ac knowledgment to the congregation ofs the receipt of the money. — Believe me very truly yours, E. W. Brisbane.' We are glad to hear the aboriginals of .this neighborhood are to share in. the Christmas festivities of /the white man. Mr.. Sheridan having opened a subscription list for the pur pose, and having met with a liberal response, has purchased a fine bullock weighing- 11 cwt., 4 cwt. of flour, and 1 cwt. of sugar, which this morning will be taken to their camp at the back of the cemetery, where some five hundred of them are expected to assemble, and where this good cheer will be distributed amongst them. On the last trip of the ' Leichardt' from Bockhampton, a man n&med; Joseph Kennedy, a miuer, when off Fitzroy Heads, fell over board and was drowned. Deceased was sitting on the nil on the fore part of the vessel, when be fell backwards into the river, and it is sup posed was struck by the paddle-wheel, for he never rose again. Everything was done that could be under the circumstances. It is sup posed that deceased was slightly the worse for liquor at the time. A ' Wide Bay Elector ' made some rather severe ebmments in a letter which appeared in thef Ghrouicie about a fortnight ago, on the conduct of the member for the district, the hon. G. Eliott, 1n neither speaking nor voting on the Land Bill when in Committee, nor upon any other public or local question whatever, and particularly complained .of inattention to the requirements of the new population settled on our. gold-field. We have heard, and in justice to Mr. Eliott we publish, the follow ing explanation of his parliamentary reticence : Mr. Eliott bad had no communication from any of his constituents on the subject of the Land Bill, and he took: it for granted that they were satisfied with it as he himself was, and although there were parts of the Bill to which there might be some objections ; it being a compromise, it was better, to take the bill than to ran tiie risk of losing it altogether, for the objectionable parts might be amended at -a future time, and on the whole it was the best bill that could have been carried through the Assembly.' : With - reference to the gold-field. 'Mr. Eliott, we understand, says that he has never missed an opportunity of endeavoring to get -a road made between Maryborough and the diggings, and also a frequent mail to and from Maryborough; Mr.' Eliott, we are also informed, states that he has had no communi /?dflrtn fmm OTir Viia /innofihiants sin tVia subject of the gold-field, and would be very glad if his constituents there would bring any of their wants under his notice to give them his immediate attention. Messes. Tooth and Cran's establishment at. Yengarie, founded about two years ago for the manufacture of meat extract and the pur suits of variouB suhsistiary operations, has 1 already assumed important dimensions and constitutes, in factr, _a considerable industrial community, in which slaughtering, boiling - down, bone-crushing, wool-washing, tanning, &c.;, are carried on with ceaseless -activity, atid unvarying precision. It is satisfactory to learn that while the material interests of the district are being aided by a well conducted business of such importance as this, the higher consider ations involved in the intellectual and religious advancement of the operatives there employed are not suffered to fall in abeyance; and that a neat place of worship, .calculated to hold between 100 and 200 persons and intended likewise fbr a schoolroom Iduring the week, is . now in course of erection. The infaDtine popu lation of - Yengarie is considered suGSciently large1 to warrant the establishment of a primary school on the non-vested principle, which will prove an advantage, not only to the immediate residents, but to the rising generation through out a large area around the junction of Graham's Creek with the Mary. We under, stand that a gentleman has already been en gaged to take charge of the school, the duties of which /will .probably commence about the middle or end of next month. We have been requested to call attention to the forms fif agricultural return now in course of distribution by the Registrar-General among persons engaged in the cultivation of the land. These returns are of the highest importance in arriving at an estimate of the area under culti vation in any particular year, of the nature and extent of the crops raised, and of the capability of the colony to supply itself or export parti cular articles of consumption. It is therefore much to be regretted that individuals are here and there to he found who misapprehend their scope and refuse to furnish the information required.. The filling up of the returns is hpre nnfortunately not made compulsory by law, as it is in several other colonies ; and the admir. able statistical register of the province, which is annually ilsued from the Registrar- General's office, is vitiated year after year so far as its agricultural pages are concerned, by the inex plicable obstinacy of the few. As, however, there will never be an end to the race of those who resent every form of official enquiry, how ever useful its aim, as an unwarrantable inter ference with what they deem their private affairs, it will probably be necessary, in the interests of the colony itself, ere long to pass an Act authorising the issue of these forms, and making a reliable statementTreturnaWetrnaer penalties of sufficient amount to secure the desired object. The following are the S. M. Herald's tele grams On the movements of Garibaldi : — ' On the 23rd October, Garibaldi crossed the Roman frontier, after announcing at Florence that he had a mission, and he would accomplish it or die. He addressed his followers, numbering 8,500, in the following words: — 'Let those who are not willing to die leave the ranks. Let those who have not strength enough to endure fatigue, the long marches, cold, hunger *and thirst go. home ; I have nothing to give you and I can promise nothing except perhaps to die: if this does not suit you, go away.' Then Garibaldi advanced forward towards Gorrego. On the 24th he occupied Monte Lebieti, and the same day Maggifore. On the 25th he arrived at Monte Botdndo. -He beat the Papal troops, and marched towards Rome, when the first detachment of French troops under General Montariban had reached Rome.' A telegram from London, 19th November, says: — 'The disturbance in the Papal States is over. The French troops landed at Civita Yecchia and occupied Rome. Italian troops did not support Garibaldi's Volunteers. The lattsr were successful in three or four affairs with the Papal 'troops, tut were attacked follf fflllCB from Rome by the Papal and French troops, and defeated with, the los§ of 3,000 killed and wounded. The French Chassepot rifle 'was found an effective weapon. Garibaldi has re tired from the contest, and the Volunteers are disbanding. 