BRITISH AND FOREIGN BIBLE SOCIETY. The eighth annual meeting of the Hunter River Aux- iliar} to tbe above society was held on Monday evening, in the Presbyterian Church, West Maitland-K. P. Cap- per, Esq , in the chair. The attendance was not very nnmeroui, not more than one hundred and fifty persons having been present. The proceedings were opened by the Rev A. W. Webb, who read a portion of Holy Scrip tore, and off- red op prayer The Chairman tben remarked upon the pleasure he felt m acting as ohauman to a meeting of tbe Bible Society It was our privilege to have been born in a land where we can read the Blessed Book withont let or hindrance and our gratitude for so great a privilege should take an aotive form. We should act like the pri- soner, who, when set free, meeting a man with a number of birds in a oige, bought the birds, set them at liberty, and broke up the cigea In liko manner, we >>an show onr gratitude to the Bible, by doing all in our power to support so single minded a society The British and Foreign Bible Society reminded him of the Moreton Bay fig-tree, the branoboB of which threw down rootlets into the ground all around The roots of this tree might be compared to our branch societies-its branches were the auxiliaries, of which there were 1200, its leaves were like the oopies of the Holy Scriptures circulated by the society, and its rootlets were onr privileges which we enjoy in helping tosupport so noble a society. He would call upon the secretary to read the report. Mr J. Camebon then read the report, a oopy of whioh appeared in our issne of Tuesday Hie treasurer, John Lee, Esq , then read tho balance sheet, which showed the receipts to have been £398 12s 4d , and the expenditure to have been £335 2s. 8d , including a contribution to the Parent Society of £300, leaving a balance to oreditof £63 9s 8d. The Rev T. E Mell then rose to mo\e the first resolution That the report now read be adopted, and printed for circula tion amongst the subscribers The report they had jost heard was very gratifyingi though it would oiU upon them to increase their efforts in behalf of the society. The principal fealnro in the report was, perhaps, the item of £300 sent os a free contribution to the Parent Society. 1 his waa indeed very gratifying when they considered the struggle people bad had to go through during the last year, in order to make all things meet-considering the depresBitn caused by the drought and other oauses This amount of free contribution, he was happy to observe, was larger than that of last year, and he hoped that each succeeding year would see it larger still He was glad to And that the oommittee at their last meeting wore not satisfied with the work they had done-not that they were going to oomplain of their officers, or of the publia, but when they looked into the interior of the country, whioh they saw so sparsely provided with the means of grace, they thonght all had not been done whioh might have been done to make np for these defi- ciencies. He was glad to Bee they had resolved to take steps to establish depositaries in places where branches could not well be formed , and with regard to the em- ployment of colporteurs, he had no doubt of the advisa- bility of Buoh a step. As regards the amount of good to be done by such an agenoy, they had only to look at the yeaily report published by the parent society , it was full of interesting statements rcBpeoting the Bucoesi of it Surely that whioh had been suocesstal elsewhere would prove successful bore He hoped soon to see some- thing done by these agents in circulating the bible in the northern districts, the spiritual destitution of which he had before referred to They would all admit that these colonies had benefitted largely by the holy sorip tures, and the British and Foreign Bible Society had done muoh in bringing this about, he hoped to see much done this year as evidence of thankfulness to Almighty God, who has done bo muoh for us and for the oolony During the present age great eftorts had been made to overthrow the bible- infidelity, soepticism, and ritualism were opposing it in all directions, but the Bible Society was still m existence, its alrengtb »as increasing, its sphere of usefulness was widening, and contributions to the society were on the morcase The circulation kept up by the society's agents was as numerous as ever, and its sucoess was as great. He had no fear for the result that rook would never be undermined-the lamp of truth would never be dimmed No arguments could shake the faith of the ohild of God, who feels the Bible to be the voioa of God speaking to his soul, be will defy them to piove its falsitv , be will feed upon it as upon heavenly manna Through the bible man found he conld lose his load of guilt-through it his heart was ohanged to peace with God the Fathei, through God the Son The Bible was a lamp to his feet, and a light to his path, in it he found the Holy Ghost a continual oomforter. This was what the Christian feels-the power of God unto salvation. If a proof of tho Divine inspiration of tina book nero needed, it wonld be found in its value to the Christian as he drew near to bis end when abont to shuffle off this mortal coil, he feels the oomfort of it theo. Joy fills his heart, hope risea in his breast, he leans on the promises of this blessed book, it .-"-...i...'"''"«l»nt t and »a hiila>tbqnr approaches he oan say with confidence and joy, "uh, Grave ,rwnere is thy viotory ' Ob, Death . where is thy sting ' . The Rev R T. Hills rose to second the adoption of the report. He thought it the greatest pnvilego and the higbeBt honour to take part in this, the nobleBt work in Christendom. He rejoiced in the society's existenoe, apart from the good it has achieved in the circulation of the Holy Sonptures This society has tended more than any other institution in existence to break down the bar- riers between the various seotions of the Christian Chui cb It has shown us that there are other Christians besides ourselves , and if it bad done no more than this, all that it has cost - all the money spent upon it - all the efforts made-would have been vieil expended, and God wonld smile upon the work. It was a peculiarity of every other religious sooiety to give prominence more or leBB to some particular denomi- nation ot Christians but the British and loreign Bible Society gives promlnenoe to no do¡,ma wh itever All it does is to circulate God's own word without the slightest noto or comment. Now, we might perhaps at sorao future time regret that we had not done more to props gate somo favorite dogma of our own, but we can never feel regret in having upheld the word of God Before this society was in existenoe there were six other Booietioi engaged in oirculatmg the benptnres, but tbeir united efforts oould not meet the demands of the world. Noir, the British and Toieign Bible Society helps them all in this glorious work, while it is in opposition to none. His friend Mr. Mell had exhausted the report, but there Has one remark he felt bound to make, anil that was, that the £300 free contribution referred to in the report inoluded last year's oontnbution as well At the same time, the amonut wonld have been larger this year if the contribu- tions from the country branches had all como m And, with regard lo the country branches he was glad to speak from personal observation of the increased efforts they had made to reaoh those who resided outside the towna Ibis was an example we ought to follow Tho eyes of the country branches were upon us, and they would say to us " You ought to be able to do more than we who live in the bush " Let us then exert oursolvoB to do all that lies in our power in aid of this noble society, whioh unites together all true lovers of Christ. He had much plea- sure in seconding the adoption of the report the resolution was then put by the Cn airman, and oarried unanimously. J he Rev Dr. Tooker had great pleasure in moving the second resolution - That the success which has hitherto attended the operations o' the British and I ortiga Bible .Society calls for devout thankiulncss to Almighty God and that this meeting pledges itself to continued exertions on its behalt Ha would speak a few words on the Buccess that had attended the saoietj's operations A glance at the re- port published by the parent society would show the diihcnlty of explaining the lull extent of thoBe opera- tions It was a peculiarity of the Volume of Inspiration that it could be translated into any other language with- out losing any of its foroe or sublimity by the change No other work, it was well known, could stand transla- tion without suffering There wüb a vory excellent work, familiar to them all, "The Dairyman'« Daughter," b) Legh Richmond, that book had u°en translated into fifty different tongues it would bo lound m the posses- sion of the Bedouin Arab wandering m the desert, it had been introduced into Arabia by Miss Whately, daughter oi the late Arohbiahop of Dublin, and the authoress of .Rigged Life in Kgypt," the "Dairyman's Daughter " would be found stiapped on lo the saddle of the Arab, it had penetrated into the lurkioh harem, but it was found that the book was scarcely under- stood , passages m it which come home to our ten- deres t feelings were totally inappreciable by either the Bedouin 01 the Turk The thatched cottage, the lovely meadow, and other scenes of home life, familiar enough to us, were things unknown to them. But running through the work there is a narrative of rum by sin, and salvation through Christ Jesus taken from the Bible. This could be understood such truths are of universal application. Through the agency of the British and Foreign Bible Society this blessed volume (the Bible) has been translated into 173 different languages, and appeals to 600 millions of the human race. It is to be found in every continent, in every island, and every- where it produces the same resultB This book meets the mined condition of man's fallen nature, and seeks everywhere to gather men into the fold of Christ's ohnroh. This society meets an objection that has been raised io Christian operations at the present time. The question baa been asked, " Do you expect to take tho institutions of the West, and place them in the Fast? Can the Ethiopian change his skin, or the leopard his spots 1 ' But did soeptioism think the systems of idolatry were lo lsBt for ever* waB the corruption of social life to remain nnobanged to the end? faoeptios thought our conneotion with heathen nations was alone suflioient to change their notions-that when we introduced our geography, jurisprudence, and customs we Bhould change their natures. If the anthor of that question had lived in Fagan Rome be must have reversed the question. The Bible carne from the Fast, all that we prias oame from the East. The scsptio was working on false principles, for you would not find hospitala, asylums, or any insti- tutions of a humanizing nature, in anj country where the Bible bad not penetrated The report of the Parent So- ciety gives a oomplet9 answer to that question, the work begun has gone on extending over the whole world, in spite of sarcasm, and in spite of objections. It ia a re- markable fact that during the last sixty years evidences to the truth of the Bible have been gathering on all hands fhe explorations of old ruins, the inscriptions on old coins, and innumerable other means hive arisen of oleir ing off the mist that hung over some portions of the Holy Scriptures and of removing the doubts that were sometimes embarrassing even to christians Now with re- gard to the circulation of the Scriptures, the world was everywhere opening for the reception of the Bible The Parent Society needed large contributions its income might seem large, but Jet them look at the wanta of the world In Germany, the fountain head of scepticism, last year they sold 415 000 copies of the Bible The very aotion of their opponents caused moreased energy on the part of the agents of Christianity There was a book, a caricaturo on the Life of Jesus, by Renan, a Frenobman, which bad boen greatly read by the Jews and the fnot bad come out that ainoa then a greater number of copies of the New Testament had been sold to the Jews than had been sold to them in the ten previous years Nnm bera of them were throwing off Jndaism and embracing Christianity In Berlin there were more than 5000 con- verted Jews, there were 70 ordained Clergymen of the Ohnroh of England who bad been born Jews, and in London alone there were 2000 Jews who had become Christians At the present time there were only two parts of Europe oloaod to the society Thoy oculd not set foot in Rome bo long as the Pope remained there, and in Spain the door was dosed against them Portugal was formerly closed like Spain, bnt the sooiety sent agents there who Boon found that the law only pre- vented the bible from ooming from other countries Accordingly thB society sent there paper, printers, and and pre ses, and began to publish the bible in Portugal itself Wider fields were thus opening np for the sooiety's operations, and the more necessity thence arose ior their inoreased contributions In Germany, during the late war, the sooietj'B agents were engaged distributing copies of the sonptoi es to both aides-to the wounded, tho siok, and the dying Everywhere, where the sooiety found an open door, they pot a bible in. In all the colonies the society was extending. In South Australia the report wai ot a similar nature to that read to-night, laBmania last year gave £800 to the parent society-there were good friends to the societv in Tasmania In Viotona the work bad been successful during the past year, they had the balança now of £600 on the right bide In Mel booree the ladies' committee, whichaotod independently, had established six bibie women. In this colony the society was extending in all directions These faots challenged thankfulness to Almighty God. He hoped to viBit Maitland again in Jane, when he had been aBked to give a lecture, in order to go more fully into these topics, and he should have ninoh pleasure in doing bo if spared The Rev A W Webb, in seoonding the resolution, said it appeared to him that at the present time God seemed to be breaking up the fallow ground France appeared about to throw off the tjranny of priesthood and this was being brought about by a singular method -by the dispersion of infidel books Ona of these books had for üb motto " No God, and no future life ' ' The motto of another was " God ib evil ' ' and these book8 had a large circulation in Franoe. They were not written in a pleasing style, like Kenan's Life of Jesus, bnt were full of coarse blasphemy Young men read these works and were tben prepared to throw off the yoke of priesthood The result was infidelity, and how was that to be onred ' how waa the gap to be filled up ' Why, by bringing in the Bible Let them cironlate it through that land from end to end Show them what the Gospel does teach what the Gospel really does, and what the hie of Jbsub really was India, again, was not as it was ten years ago. It was then groaning under the burden of caste - men were afraid to look at truth Now there was a sect springing up that professed to receive all that was good, whether from the Bible, from the Vedas, or from the writings of Plato In dia, that had been closed for so long, was now being broken up by the plough of infidelilj There were millions In that country with souls hungry and atbirst. Nothing oan Batisty them bnt the Bible, and it was our duty to give them that book, sweeter than honey, and sweeter than the honejoomb One way in which that meotmg could show their appre- ciation of the Bible was by rea ling it moro devoutly and diligently themselves Half the infidelity in the world arose from not searohmg the fcenpturos We want mote Bible readers, and we should have more friends of the Bible Society If we Bought lo love the Bible ourselves, we should then Bay we must gne to overy soul that whioh was so precious to our own Ihe resolution was put to ti o meeting, and unani- mously carried Mr. J D Langley then rose to move That the thanks of this meeting be proscntcd to the office bearers of the auxiliary for the past year and to the lady collectors for their valuable services and that the follow ing be the office bearers and committee for the ensuing year -President E r Capper Lsq treasurer John Lee Ena RoorotarlGs Mosers J D I anerley and John uauitron commlltii-Migan, it xiinir. S. Vn Oull-y, John li Callum It M Donald John Rourke Samuel Porter Robert Ko»s AV Irehlc - lhursby S Mitchell J Youdale and John Falkiner The gratitude of the mooting was due to the lady col- lectors for the manner in wbioh they had performed their arduous duties, and he hoped some of the ladies present would undertake to assist them in their tusk " The harvest truly was plenteous, but the labourers were few ' Ho thought West Maitland had not done what it ought for the Bible Sooioty, considering what was done m smaller places, and he trusted next j ear to see a con- siderable increase Mr John Lee rose to second >he resolution He never felt out of pines m thanking those who worked foi the Bible Society The evidences they had heard that nijjht of the influence of the sooiety's work should stir them up to strive to do still moro I ho ladies deserved great credit for all they had done, and ho hoped the future would seo them aocomplisb still more The resolution, liko the others, iras carried unani- mously. A vole of thanks to the Chairman, and to the tiustees of the Church, was carried by acclamation, and the bene diotiou having been pronounoed bj Dr Tucker, the meeting broke np 