IJnrfr |trMIketice, ? 4 ? CONSECRATION OF THE MOST REV. DR. KIERAN. (From the Dublin Freeman. ) The Most Rev. Dr. Kieran was to-day conse crated Archbishop of Armagh and Primate of All Ireland by his Eminence the Cardinal Arch bishop of Dublin, in the splendid parochial church of S. Malachy, Dundalk. The ceremo nial was in all respects in strict accordance with the provisions of the Roman ritual, and was of the most beautiful and impressive character. It was assisted at by no less than eight prelates of the Irish Church, by a vast array of clei-gy, both secular and regular, and by one of the largest assemblages of laity of all ranks ever seen at a religious ceremonial in this Catholic town. It was a scene that can never be forgotten by the thousands who witnessed it with joy and thanksgiving, and that furnished matter for one of the brightest pages in the his tory of the Irish Church. It at onue illustrated the indestructible vitality and recuperative power of Irish Catholicity,, and excited reflections that stirred the soul to its depth. More than 1,400 years have passfed since the Apostle of Ireland was sent by Pope Celestine, and founded the See of Armagh. During those long centuries the succession of St. Patrick in the See has continued unbroken through triumph and persecution, through sunshine and darkness ; and here to- day was an Irish Cardinal in a noble temple raised, in latter years by munificent Catholic piety, conse crating by the authority of the Holy Father another prelate to the primatial see. It was impossible not to think for a moment; of the little less than miraculous influence that has pre served and renewed Catholicity in the province in which the new Primate is called to labour. Ca tholicity in Ulster has, indeed, been tried in a fiery furnace, and has come forth as bright and devoted as in the days of prosperity that pre ceded the confiscations and plantations that were supposed to have accomplished its destruc tion. To this illustrious See of St. Patrick and of Oliver Plunket — to its important and arduous duties^ — was consecrated to-day a man pre eminently qualified. As Dean Kieran, parish priest of Duudalk, he had endeared himself to all his people, and made his name bright and honourable in the Church by his fervent piety, his ardent zeal, his persevering energy, his fer-. vid eloquence and unselfish patriotism. The love and respect felt towards him were shown in the vast array of priests and people who thronged to assist at his well-merited elevation. The ceremonial was eagerly looked forward to as an auspicious event, diffusing joy throughout the diocese. Preparations were extensively made for its celebration- -the people of Dundalk testified their sense of the honour done them in the per son of their beloved pastor by raising for him a splendid testimonial. The Cardinal Archbishop, it was known, would be the consecrating prelate, and general arrangements were made to give him a welcome to Dundalk worthy of his distinguished rank and his personal qualities. Addresses were adopted by various public bodies bidding him a hearty welcome, and Mr. P. J. Byrne placed his hospitable residence at the service of his Emin ence. The Cardinal travelled by the two o'clock train on Saturday from Dublin, accompanied by the Most Rev. the Bishop of Ardagh, the Very Rev. Monsignor Woodlock, the Very Rev. Dr. Moran, and other ecclesiastics. A large assem blage awaited his arrival at Dundalk, and upon his appearance there received him with every mark of reverence and respect. Amongst those ? on the platform were E. H. M'Ardle, Chairman of the Town Commissioners, and Mr. P. J. Byrne. His Eminence' was conducted to Mr. Byrne's carriage, which was in waiting, and was driven to Lisnar willy House, where he is the honoured guest of Mr. Byrne during his visit to Dundalk. The entrance to the demesne and the house were gaily and handsomely decorated with flags bearing inscriptions amongst which the words 'Welcome Prince of the Church' were conspicuous. The consecration was appointed to commence at eleven o'clock this morning, but long before that hourj the church was thronged in every part. The church, which is one of the fiaest and most elegant Catholic temples in Ireland, has been prepared in a most elaborate manner for the ceremonial. The preparations were made under the direction of the Rev. Mr. Levin P.P R.D., and the Rev. Mr. . M'Gee, and they were well and earnestly aided by the nuns from the Convent of Mercy. At eleven o'clock the Primate, attended by the assistant bishops, went from the sanctuary down the nave to the great porch, where he received the Cardinal on his arrival. A process sion was formed, consisting of the Cardinal, the Primate, the bishops, and the clergy. They moved up the nave to the sanctuary, the organ pealing, and the choir singing the 'Hallelujah.' Sir George Bowyer, Bart., M.P., was in the procession. He wore the uniform of a Deputy Lieutenant, the cross of S. Gregory, and the decorations of a Knight of Malta, and he con tinued in attendance upon the Cardinal duriug the day. The Cardinal having taken his seat in front of the altar, the consecration ceremonial was commenced. The assistant bishops were the Bishop of Ardagh and the Bishop of Derry. His Eminence was attended by the Very Rev. Monsignor Woodlock, the Very Rev. Canon Forde, P.P., Rev. Dr. Conroy, and Rev. Dr. Moran. In attendance upon the assistant bishops were the Very Rev. Mr. Hackett, Pro fessor, Maynooth ; and the Rev. Mr. Macken, Drogheda. The Rev. Mr. Levins, P.P., was master of ceremonies. The Apostolic Brief for the conseci-ation of the Most Rev. Dr. Kieran was read by the Rev. Dr. Conroy. The cere monial and the words were as prescribed and given in the ritual. The Litany of the Saints was chanted by the bishops and priests. The Primate, kneeling before the Cardinal, made the profession of faith and subscribed the oath of fidelity to the Holy Father. Subsequently, the required examination as to doctrine was made by his Eminence, and the Primate made response to each interrogation. This was followed by the act of consecration, the imposition of hands, and the invocation of the Holy Ghost. Then took place the unction, the delivery of the crozier, the ring, and the book of the Gospels, each act being accompanied by the appropriate form of language. The Cardinal celebrated Mass with the Primate, and at the close of the Mass they communicated together with both the sacred species of bread and wine. The imposi tion of the gloves and the mitre was next made, and, all being completed, the new Archbishop of Armagh and Primate of all Ireland was conduc ted by the Cardinal to the throne at the Gospel side of the high altar, and duly enthroned. After a brief space he was conducted through the church by the assistant bishops, and the vast congregation knelt to receive his benedic tion. On his return to the sanctuary his Grace made his acknowledgments to the Cardinal and the kiss of peace was given. The crozier, the ring, &c;, used by the Pri mate, formed portion of a magnificent presenta tion made to him for the Cathedral of Armagh for ever by Mr. Patrick Donegan, jeweller, Dame-street. This presentation was as remark able, for its generous munificence as for the superb dpsigns and exquisite workmanship of the several articles. They Were all of the most costly character, and their exceeding beauty ex cited unqualified admiration. The presentation which won general praise for Mr. Donegan, in cluded a massive silver gilt remonstrance, a chalice, ciborium, a lunette stand, a magnificent mitre, with three crosses on front and three on back, consisting on each side of a large Cavalry cross and two Maltese crosses, an episcopal ring, cross and chain ; a small silver chalice, a silver basin and ewer, silver mounted glass cruets and and stand ; a crozier, the wood of which is a portion of S. Kevin's yew tree, Glendalough. The crozier is .made after a very handsome design of Dr. Petrie. The case for the remon strance, which is of veiy large size -four feet two in height — is of Irish oak ; the front highly ornamented with carved work, representing ancient Irish crosses, episcopal figures, &c.; The remonstrance is surmounted by a most elegant design, and a beautifully-excuted representation of an ancient Irish cross. A bishop's candlestick is amongst the beautiful service. .... The Moat Rev. Dr. Leahy, Bishop of Dromore ascended the pulpit after the Gospel of the. Mass was read, and taking as his text the Gospel of the day, from the 8th chapter of S. Matthew, he delivered, in his own clear and beautiful style, a most eloquent and impressive discourse. At the conclusion of the Mass the Cardinal and the Primate severally gave the blessing. The bishops and clergy went in procession from the sanctuary to the sacristy. His Eminence, attended as before, went down the church to the great porch; where a vast crowd assembled, by whom he was loudly cheered. He was con ducted to the carriage and drove to the convent of the Sisters of Mercy. The Primate enter tained his Eminence, the bishops and clergy, and a large body of laity at a banquet in the evening in the great room of the Exchange. His Eminence returned to Mr. Byrne's residence. On Wednesday he received the addresses of the Town and Harbour Commissioners aiid of the Young Men's Society. Amongst those present at the ceremonial were the Redeinptorist Fathers, who are concluding a mission in Dundalk, which has been attended by great numbers of people. ?/ fa 