THE COMIC SHAKSPEARE. No. II.—THE STORY OF HAMLET—(continued). THE elderly POLONIUS having at length recovered from the shock caused by HAMLET calling him a fishmonger, the latter gave him some sound advice as to his daughter not walking too much in the sun, that luminary being rather a damaging old fellow to young ladies' complexions. While this advice was being tendered, two gentlemen looked in to say good day to HAMLET. Unlike modern brides and bridegrooms, they had cards. On one of the pieces of pasteboard was inscribed " BOBENCRANTZ," and "GKJILDERSTEIN " on the other. Whether they were rich courtiers or insolvent courtiers, history does not state. Nothing of moment took place at the interview beyond HAMLET informing his visitors of the singular fact of his being able to distinguish, wheja the wind was in a certain direction, the difference existing between a well-known bird of prey and the serrated implement used by carpenters. This boasted sagacity on the part of HAMLET so completely took his friends a-back, that one might have supposed they had been playing at leap-frog. Several actors, some from the Princess's, and others from the Theatre Comique, then made their appearance, without any previous announcement by placard or advertisement. HAMLET then and there offered the players an engagement, to " play for one night only," in the Theatre Royal, Denmark, under the distinguished patronage of the KING, QUEEN, and Eoyal Family; doors open at seven, to commence at half-past. HAMLET resembled the BOUCICAULT o our own day, as he could do a little in the adapting line, and got f up a little farce for the occasion, comically describing the little playful trick of the kitchen funnel. THE REAL FUNNEL !! ! was used for that occasion only, and the free list was suspended from a hook in the ceiling. When the farce had been played, HAMLET was pronounced to be a successful dramatic author. The Denmark Argus, Age, and Herald were full of the piece, and even the Danish JAQUES spoke his mind approvingly. It was such a hit, that the KING was completely knocked over, upsetting the QUEEN, and playing the deuce generally with the Court. Miss OPHELIA was present, and HAMLET sat at her feet on a cushion won at a fancy fair raffle, the ATTORNEY- GENERAL of the period having no scruples of conscience about bazaar lotteries. HAMLET'S ma not approving of her son's playful little sell, sent for him for the purpose of expostulating with young hopeful after the manner adopted by the gentlemen of Holland when having occasion to reprove refractory nephews. The cheerful POLONIUS got behind the arras, thinking sagaciously that HAMLET might, perhaps, arms his mother. The "widow married" having commenced her maternal lecture, Master HAMLET showed signs of a shindy; and the lady, it is presumed, being possessed of sixpence, began to "shout" for somebody—POLONIUS, equally liberal, " shouted" as well; when HAMLET, who appeared to have an aversion to rats, conceived the idea that his ma had been alarmed at the sight of one of these rodents, drew his sword with one of ROWNEY'S pencils, and struck at the arras; the sound as of an ancient gentleman suddenly losing his balance struck the ear, as if some one had boxed the organ of hearing. . Alas ! he had introduced day-light into the corporeal frame of the venerable POLONIUS—he had given the old gentleman a "stick" other than his wand of office; the poor old buffer had become stick in waiting—for his funeral. Just as he gave up the ghost, somebody else's made his appearance. HAMLET knocked over a chair without much damaging it, and the step-papa not liking his friendB or chairs being so unceremoniously knocked over, resolved upon sending HAMLET to England, where he could give vent to his playful feelings by wrenching off JOHN BULL'S knockers and bellhandles. JYtiss O. did not quite approve of this abrupt method of manufacturing orphans, and was not over- delighted at the idea of having to wear mourning. The event had a curious effect upon the muscles of her neck, her head having become completely turned. She went in for floriculture, let down her back hair, and took to singing the comic songs of the period. One song that she selected was like a hymn, but the other she warbled was'nt. She became addicted to giving a kind of mo(u)rning concert, before crowned heads (see small bills); and one day just as she had finished, with immense applause, a matinie musicale, in which she had successfully introduced a comic dirge, her brother suddenly arrived from France, and vented his feelings of delight at coming into his patrimony, in a most joyous manner. Miss O.—without an encore being demanded (such things being—like at penny readings in Melbourne—prohibited in Denmark)—came back, and "rendered"* another song; after which she distributed gifts of flowers amongst the audience. She retired, and being chagrined at not receiving a call before the curtain, threw herself into the fish-pond, alarming the carp, and knocking another fish off his "perch." When the intelligence was brought to LAERTES, he, and the father-in-law of HAMLET, resolved to eerve out the innocent cause of that double event, the funeral of POLONIUS and OPHELIA. HAMLET having first fallen in, and then fallen out with a pirate, judiciously resolved to return home. On his road to the paternal roof he crossed the village churchyard, in which he encountered a jolly, albeit grave—digger. HAMLET having a turn for boating- discoursed about sculls. The jolly digger having bottomed the hole, sang a song, and HAMLET listened with evident delight. Just then music was heard, and for the first time HAMLET heard the news OF Miss OPHELIA'S fatal plunge. A funeral procession came in view, and the young lover returned to witness the obsequies. LAEBTES wished to be buried too/ but suddenly espying HAMLET, altered his mind, and embraced that young gentleman with emotion. THE KING determined to celebratethe^happy proceedings with a further j ollification, and made a match between HAMLET and LAEBTES, as the one contemplated between HAMLET and OPHELIA had come to grief. Foils were the weapons selected, and a precious ass called OSBIC was deputed to superintend the proceedings. The younjg gentlemen then commenced an awful combat of two. The KING offered HAMLET a nobbier, but the QUEEN wanting a nip, took it instead. HAMLET then wounded LAEBTES in a playful, manner, and while the latter was lesuirely preparing to die, the QUEEN exclaimed that she had been poisoned with a threepenny drink, and then died without more ado. LAEBTES then informed HAMLET that the KING had poisoned the hilt of the sword with which HAMLET had been fencing. The latter ascertaining that he was about to expire, LAEBTES ditto, and that the QUEEN was already defunct, determined) to make the dying party complete, and rushing forward, stabbed the KING, who tumbled down crown and all. All the rest then died in a comfortable manner; and although we have no record of the fact, we have reason to believe that everybody was decently buried—and this was, as might be expected, THE END OP HAMLET. * See Herald, report. 