MISCELLANEOUS EXTRACTS. CURIOUS WIM,.-In the will of the late Mr. J. Sergeant, of Leicester, is the fol- lowing clause:- "As my nephews are foti J of indulging themselves in bed ia the morning, and as I wish them to prove to the satisfaction of my executors t hat they have got out of bed in the ' morning, and either employed them- selves in business or taken exercise in the open air, from five till eight o'clock every murnini, from the 5th of April to the 10th of October, being three hours each day ; and from seven to niue o'clock in the morning from the 10th October to the 5th of April, being two hours every morning ; this is to be done for some years during the first seven years to the satisfaction of my executors, who may excuse them in case of illness, but the laak must be made up when they are well, and if they will not do this, they shall not receive any share of my property. Temperance makes the faculties clear, and exercise makes them vigorous. It is temperance and exercise that can alone insure the fittest state for mental or bodily exertion." -Atlas, October 10. f RESIDENT dOlIMSOH AHI) BIS VJF POITENTS.-In a speech at St. Louis, President Johnson said :-" I reckon I have pardoned more men, turned more men loose, and set them at liberty that were imprisoned, I imagine, than any other man on God's habitable globe. (A vioce : 'Bully for you,' ai d cheers.) I turned 47,000 of our men who en- gaged in this struggle, with the arma we captured with them, a"d were then in prison?, I turned them loose. ('Bully for you,' and laughter.) That is tho only way the case can get to me." Re- ferring to Jefferson Davis, he said : "Why don't Judge Chase, the Chief Justice of the United States, whose dis- trict he is in, why don't he try him. (Loud cheers.) If I wanted to be facetious, and indulge in repartee, I might ask you a question-why I don't hang Thad, Stephens, and Wendell Phillips? (Great cheering.) A traitor at one end of the line is as bad as tba traitor at the other. I tell yon here to- night the Constitution is being en- croached upon. I tell you here to-night that the citadel of liberty is being en- dangered. (A voice: 'Go it, Andy.) 11 say to you, then, go to work ¡ take the Constitution as your palladium of civil I and religious liberty ; toke it as our ( chief ark of safety." / \-- _ « A ScBiP OF MEXICAN' UlSTO' T. Prom .528 to 1821, a period of 293 year», Mexico was governed by sixty four viceroys, appointed by the Spanish Crown. From 1821 to 1803 the country passed through ten changes of govern- ment and fifty-seven administrations. Of these Government there were the first regency, an empire, two federal republics, two central republics, a pro- visional government», two dictatorships, and constitutional republic. Of the rulers, besides the regency and pro- visional governors, there were one em- peror, twenty-six changes of federal re- publicans, ten in the central and ten in the constitutional republican adminis- trations, and dictators. The shortest administrations were those of Pedro Velez, from the 23rd to the 31st of December, 1829 ; of General Bravo, from the 10th to the 17th of July, 1839 ; and Zuloaga, from the 23rd to the 31st of January, 1859 ; each of these lasted seven days. Santa Anna was thrice dictator, and president seven times. Certainly no other people have shown themselves so unstable as the Mexicans. DREAMLAND.-The power which in our waking moments is employed in cor . recting the reports of the various senses ' ' by comparing them with one another, in examining the evidence of all the*im preBBions made on the mind, and testing them by the analogy of its past ex- perience, appears in sleep to be, in most rase», totally suspended. If, for in- stance, an impression is made on any one of the senses, the fancy immediately con- nects it with some cause which has pro- duced the sensation before, or has been considered likely to do so. This is the philosophy of the ghost which is said to attend pork suppers. The weight of un- digested food in the Btomnch is readily attributed to Borne external cause ; fancy combines all her ideas of the horrible, and represents a monster seated on our chest or rather (o crush us with somegreat weight. That this want of co-operation in the faculties is the cause of some of the most curious phenomena of dreams, is evident from many well authenticated facts. Dr. Beattie speaks of a man who could be made to dream anything by whispering in his ear. Dr. Gregory re- lates of himself that, having once occa- sion to apply a bottle of hot water to his feet when he retired to bed, he dreamed that he was ascending the side of Mount Etna, and that he found the heat of the ground almost insufferable. Persons who have had a blister applied to their beads have been known to dream of being scalped by a party of North American Indians. Such are some of the well-known phenomena of dreams, but there are others even yet more startling. -OasselÏB Family Paper. 