PARLIAMENTARY PRIVILEGE. koalas t. bymb. j 1- .? - ..-- *- play:".. "f La A " SPECTATOR " senclB TO Jirga a ueacnpuun in ma proceedings in the Legislative Assembly of Victoria, on Thursday evening last, when Mr. Byrne, of the Leader, appeared at the bar of the House to answer for a so-called a libel published in that journal. " A third time (says Spectator) have I seen the Legislative Assembly of this colony in one of those supreme moments of its existence when it is engaged in the task of maintaining its privileges against the attacks of the Press and I have arrived at the conviction that never does our ambitious little House of Commons exhibit itself be utterly devoid of dignity as when it is avowedly asserting it. There must be some fatality about in a thing. It does not matter how the difficulty arises, or -wish side brings its wounded honour under sheepman thistle? notices as £10 Speaker, the result is the same. The conclusion reached is a most lame and impotent one of. ere it is sustained note fnotioXii words are spoken, more members I. wish to offer, more unseemly rows occur than on any other occasion. Mr. Bumble over- thrown by small Tain a cowyard presented nota more pitiable spectacle" than as? our Assembly when it fancies itself aggravated by i> says. in a? way as MEET; on. Mcmb^aftermeniber M W^elftothouseof Strong language, by way of teaching ""> weeks as?? to the pipers moderation. This course may be adopted from the kindest motives. Honorable gent«eEv8n.IM7 be exhibit- ing themselves, in a Spartan heroism fashions M frightful examples, whose mode of procedure is to be carefully avoided by all who witness it. If this be their object, they are tolerably successful ; last night two or three fit them made decided hits. '"The simple question of snubbing or incarcerating the publisher of an offending paper was this time a good deal interfered with by ulterior considerations and internal complications. The offender had a majority, instead of a minority, of the House on his side, politically speaking and moreover, a demonstrative member of the House itself-one of the community of saints who, if anyone, ought to be a model of gentleness, courtesy, and magnanimity would insist upon rising and declaring that the sergeant-at-arms had laid hold of the wrong martyr, and that he, the Bald member, was the absolute writer of the article. It was an awful fact. Hero was M'Cann, who had even gone the length of declaring himself a journalist, and who showed his parts of speech by protesting more than once that he was in the lands of the 'house,' here he was, with his charge against the obnoxious print duly made and subscribed, and the publisher of the paper expressing his readiness to take all the responsibility, and now a member had actually the temerity and the bad taste to declare that he wrote the article in question! ' What was to be done P Tbo proscribed publisher had read his statement, after the usual number of interruptions and withdrawals, discussions, shandies, and reappearances, and the House had had the benefit of Mr. M'Kean's legal advice. That illustrious luminary had explained gratuitously what was the procedure of the law courts in such cases, and what, therefore, a fortiori, should be the practice of the highest Court-that in which he was one of the Judges. He feared they would have to commence everything de novo. This speech, which was one of the striking features of the evening, could be but imperfectly heard in consequence of a fit of coughing which seized C. B. Jones, John Edwards the Younger, and other patriots in the Opposition corner-a nasty, vexatious fit, which terminated whenever the Collingwood Coko ceased speaking, and became as violent as ever when he resumed ; but still, spite of this drawback, the speech was delivered, and the law clearly laid down. Everything, Mr. M'lCeon excepted useless to interfere with that perfection was to be commenced de novo. Distressing, that after this had been proclaimed, the member for South Bourke should complicate matters by avowing his authorship. He, and not the party at the bar, was the culprit. ' Fraud,' ' plunder,' and the rest of the pretty words about which M'Cann complained, were his, not the publisher's. What a dreadful fix for an hon. Legislative Assembly bent on conserving a borrowed suit of privileges a thousand times too large for it ! " And not the least amusing part of the ' fix was the plight in which the Chief Secretary and the Attorney-General found themselves, with their denunciations of George rising up out of the tomb of Hansard like troubled ghosts, against them, and a friend instead of a foe in the custody of the sergeant-at-arms. For some time they assumed the responsibility of their position, and stood to the unlucky colours by which they had once sworn. They looked uncomfortable, very, and spoke with restraint, but they stuck to their position. The Nemesis had come, evidently, and was to be met manfully. So long as only the publisher was concerned they never flinched ; ' privilege' was to be maintained at all costs ; but when it came to the writer they could bear it be longer, and fairly bolted ' pri % alleges and and " On the whole, I think such an exciting evening has not been spent within these imposing walls for some months galleries crowded, prisoner at the bar trotted backwards and forwards to be M'Canned or M'Lclloned, Jonesed or Edwardson as the case might be, intervals between his appearances being taken advantage of by hon. members to indulge in private and select libels on their own account, and to be called to order by a righteously indignant Speaker ; never a debate in any right sense of the word, but a sort of verbal Donnybrook Fair, where everybody's head came in for a whack occasionally, and order and confusion alternated, confusion having generally the best of it. Two of the members for Collingwood, viz. Messrs. Enabling ned Edwards, took prominent parts in the night's enter- tainment one of them playing the mild medico, and the other the demonstrative; police-court practitioner, with great success. The former delivered an essay on gentlemanly honour, a subject upon which he seemed to have been recently read- ing up, and proceeded to illustrate it by disclosing some little matter which he had ferreted out by laboriously perusing the inverted writing he had discovered on the Parliamentary Library blotting paper. Mr. Vale denounced this piece of amateur detective work as wanting in common decency, and was, of course, at once called to order vigourously. In fact, he had to withdraw the offensive observation ; but as every one had to withdraw nearly as much as he uttered, that did not matter much. Longmore, and roses, and M'Lellan spoke and withdrew, and withdrew and spoke, and nobody not even the reporters appeared to care much about it. Edwards, however, was the persistent hero of the night. He had buckled on his armour for the fray, and seemed to conceive that the eyes of Fitzroy were upon him. His object was not quite clear, but he was apparently implacable, A slaughtered press- man or two at the bar might, perhaps, have appeared him. As it was, after a blustering display worthy of Bobadil, he only bagged a feeble regret from the publisher. "For the truth is a sad one. The House, after it had caught its hare, dare not put its brains in a basin. How often has it sighed that it had to be content with publishers when it vehemently desired to have an opportunity of punishing writers of libellous articles. At last the gods are pro- pitious. It has its libel-or, at least, it says it has, which is the same thing he ' Privilege and, lo ! the writer stands avowed in its own ranks-a member, a veritable member. Now, for scarification. Strangers tremble, fearing that an evil hour has arrived for South Bourke, and Mr. Embling looks as though he thought the victim, after running the gauntlet of the House, would be handed over to his tender mercies, and so effectually disposed of. But there is no victim-not even a vicarious one. A few sagacious, but not particularly consistent words from the Attorney-General, and a few sensible and generous ones from Mr. Aspinall, and the debate gradually loses heart. It is evidently approaching an end when Mr. Nathaniel Levi rises to address the House, and that settles it." 