GENERAL NEWS. By the overland mail we have two days later papers from Melbourne, but tbey contain no news of importance that has not been antici pated by telegram. On Saturday afternoon last the Gouger street Academy Cricket Club played a friendly game with, the recently formed Galatea Club. The wickets were drawn at sundown, when the scores stood as follows :—Galatea Cricket Club, 112!; Gouger-street Cricket Club, 114, and four wickets to fall. The youth who scored the most wasC. Hart, of the Gouger-street Club, who made 40 runs (not out); J. Saunders, of the Galatea, 31. The meetings for the nomination of Mayor and Councillors of the Brighton Corpo ration for the ensuing year took place at the Council Room, Brighton, on the 23rd Novem ber. Mr. Nicholls was duly nominated and seconded as Mayor, and there being no oppposi tion, was elected. For Councillors, Messrs. Thomas Futcher, "William Lock, Edward Ren frey, and J. D. Wiltshire were nominated, and only two Councillors being required, the elec tion was fixed for Monday, December 2. The Hon. J. Hodgkiss and Mr. G. W. Chinner were elected Auditors. We have discovered that several Ger mans, named Breust, with their families, have just left this district for Albury, under circum stances anything but creditable to themselves. Having omitted to "pay their printer" (and other creditors), of course they cannot expect success in their new enterprise; but may look forwar^- to all sorts of misfortunes I—Mount Garnbier Standard. Colonial statesmen (says the Herald) must look to their laurels. Within the last /few weeks the Right Hon. W. E. Gladstone has become pofsessed of a large interest in the magnificent estate of Glenormiston, the station of the Hon. Neil Black, of whom the right hon. gentleman has been for many years a partner. It is rumored that in the event of Lord Stanley succeeding to the Premiership upon the retire ment of the Earl of Derby, it i3 the intention of Mr. Gladstone to pay a visit to nis Viotorian property, with the view of judging for himself ' of the working of democratic institutions in these colonies, and that in that case he would I he willing to enter our Legislative Assembly. The electric telepraph this (Friday) morning reports that H.M.S. Galatea, com nianded_ by H.R.H. the Duke of Ddinburgh, was in sight at the Bay at an early hour. A number of gentlemen-at once -put' off- in_the . Lifeboat to have a look at the frigate and give three cheersforthe Royal Captain en passant; and the Prince very graciously allowed his vessel to be detained for about an hour just outside the moorings, to allow a number of residems.atthe Port an opportunity of inspecting this fin 3 ship. A good many persons went on board, an l the greatest enthusiasm was manifested at the LGy, in honor of this unexpected visit. It is greatly to be regretted that we should not have been favored with the Duke's presence here for a d.iy or two.—Mount' Gambier Standard. *' "A telegram was received on Saturday < by His Excellency, announcing the arrival of H.ll.H. the Duke of . Edinburgh at Melbourne, and enquiring in the name of the Prince after His Excellency's health. Bush fires have commenced their ravages in this neighborhood. A large extent of country was on fire on Wednesday," near Ninnes Plains, and on the same day dense volumes of smoke were seen-rising not far from Tickara. Grass is so abundant on the Penin sula, and is'now "getting so dry, that it is feared squatters and farmers will suffer severely during, the coming summer from bush fires. — Wallaroo '' Times. There has been a scarcity of fish during > the past week or two. Scarcely any are to be : found within 20 miles of the coast. It is no uncommon thing for fishermen to be out all night fishing and have to return in the morning with barely enough fish for a breakfast. Crabs, • too, are remarkably scarce. Formerly, at this time they used to be plentiful, but during the present season, very few have been met with.— Wallaroo Times. There has lately been considerable mor tality among the fowls in Wallaroo. - Some virulent disease "has attached numbers of them with fatal results. We hear of scores dying daily. When once attacked they rarely re cover. Nothing in the shape of physic has yet been found to. be of any benefit to them. One symptom of the disease appears to be a paralysis of the legs, for after being attacked the fowls are unable to stand, they fall down, and in the course of an hour or two give up the ghost. If this epidemic continues, people will have to go upon.short commons in respect of poultry at Christmas.;- Wallaroo Times. A friendly rifle match took'place at the Butts on Saturday last, November 23, between four members of No. 1 Company (West Ade laide Rifles) and an equal' number of No. 4 Company (South Adelaide Bifles), which re sulted in favor of the former by 36 points. During the match a strong wind was blowing, which made it rather inconvenient at thestand ing ranges. The distances were 200, 300, 400, and 500.yards, five shots at each distance. The following are the aggregate scores : — ~- ~ , -xr _ a No. 1 Company. Pt. M. Leonard ... 51 Pt.- J. Morcom ... 50 Pt. G. Hicks ... 39 Pt. J. Hicks ... 33 Total... ...173 No. 4 Company. Sergt. Robjohns... 45 Corpl. Cottrel ... 19 Pt. Tenables ... 38 Pt. A. W. Dobbie 35 Total... ...137 The match commenced October 19, be-' tween the Norwood, and United Commercial Cricket Clubs, was resumed on the 23rd inst., by the Norwoods going to the defence to com plete their first innings, which having been done the score- sheet showed 91 r ms to their credit, being 27 in excess of the Commercial's fiist innings. The Commercials then com " menced their second innings, and obtained 88 runs, Iearing the Norwoods 62 runs to get to win', which were easily obtained :by- them, with the loss of only two wickets, thus leaving, the Norwoods'victors by one run and eight wickets to spare. The batting of Pink stone and Nottage, and the bowling of Hillier, Pinkstone, and Stack, for the Commercials, was very good; also, the batting of J. Gooden, Spiller, and Morcom, and the bowling of Cole, Townsend, and J. Gooden for the Norwoods was praiseworthy. Messrs. Redman and Aldridge as Umpires, and Messrs. Keedman and Morcom as Captains, acted for their respective sides. ! "We append the scores, from which it will be seen, that no less than five substitutes were allowed the Commercials:— Norwood Club. First Innings. Second Innings. Spiller, b. Pinkstone ... 8 not but ... 23 J. Gooden, b. Pinkstone 21 not out ... 24 Dew, b. Hillier ... ... 0 Morcom, b. Pinkstone ... 12 b. Stack - ... 1 Leaver, b. Pinkstone ... 3 l.b.w., b. Stack 2 Townsend, b. Pinkstone 0 C. Gooden, not out ... 14 , - Tyrrell, c. Hoare ... 1 . Cole, b. Pinkstone . ... 4 . Denby,b. Pinkstone ... 5 Byes , ... 21 . — 10 Leg-byes ... ... 2 ... ... ... 0 .Wides .... ... r-• -0 ... ... 3 91 63 Commercial Club. First Innings. Second Innings. Readman, c. J. Gooden... 4 b. Colei ... 4 Pinkstone, b. Cole ... 22 b. Cole ... 7 Dutton, c. Morcom ... 5 b. J. Gooden... 10 Tarlton, c. J Gooden ... 1 sub. b. Townsend 1 Hoare, c. Ironside ... 2 run out ... I Nottage, c. J. Gooden ... 4 b. Townsend... 12 j Ronald, b. Cole 0 sub. b. Cole ... I Mossop, b. Cole 0 sub. b. Cole ... 18 Hillier, b. J. Gooden ... 1 sub. b. Cole ... 0 Tompkins, b. Morcom ... 7 b. J. Gooden... 4 Tinning, not out ... 0 sub. not out ... 2 Byes 9 ... ... ... 18 Leg-byes -... ... 2'.... ... ... 0 Wides ... 7 ... : ... ... 10 6 88 At a meeting of • the Port Adelaide Cor poration held on Friday, November 22—present the< Mayor and Councillors Godfrey, Butler, Hains, and McDonald—the Town Clerk re ported that the overdraft at the Bank amounted to £818 14s. lOd. The Overseer of Works re ported the employment of men repairing road at the junction of Commercial-road and St. Tincent-street, and stated that Geo. Prideaux had completed his contract for making embank ment. Resolved, that the men employed by the Corporation be sworn in as special con stables. The Town Clerk was directed to write to the Chief Secretary, enquiring the reason of the grant-in-aid not having yet been paid; also asking for an additional sum on account of the Bouth embankment vote. Tenders were ordered to be called for making the second portion of the southern embankment. The Council then adjourned until Thursday next. A poorly attended public meeting of the laboring class of Adelaide was held at the Cumberland. House, Elizabeth-street, on Satur day evening, November 23, for the purpose of taking into consideration the wages question in connection with the approaching muuicpal elections. The chair was occupied by Mr. Wm. Willment. The proceedings were advertised to commence at seven o'clock, but it was nearly half-past eight before the meeting was opened by tbe convener, Mr. J. Fitzgibbon, .who re marked that he had ascertained from the City Surveyor that he reduced the wages of the Corporation laborers to 5s. per day by order of the Council. He (Mr. Fitzgibbon) would not have blamed the Corporation for lowering the rate of wages if other employers had taken the initiative, but he did most strongly object to tbeir being tbe first to introduce a reduction, and by acting thus he. considered they had materially injured the working classes. (Cheers.) He moved "That in reducing the wages of laborers in difference to all other employers of labor the Corpora tion of Adelaide have proved themselves false to the trust reposed in them, as conservatives of the interests of all classes." Mr. P. Martin seconded the motion, and stated that he believed if the question as to why the wages had been reduced was put to each of the Councillors they would all deny any knowledge whatever of the matter. In his'opinion prior to a reduction being made tbe public should have been consulted, and consequently he considered the conduct of the Council most censurable, but thought that the Mayor was less in fault than the Councillors. (Hear.) After considerable discussion the motion was withdrawn, and a proposition carried appointing Messrs. J. Jones, Henry Clements, ana P. Maitin a deputation to wait upon the Council on Monday, and enquire who of its members were instrumental in. ob taining a reduction of the wages of the Ocipora tion laborers. A vote of thanks to the i hair uihu closed the m. etiug. 