The Metropolitan Stage. ' Deaii BELL,-^Did you over see a' pile driving m'aohino ? ' If npt,ril descfibo it to you, A very.heavy weight is raised to tho top of ft^polo and then let go. - You and your readers may bo somewhat astonished at my commencing in this strain,' hut; tho .fact is, I am foroibjy. reminded, of. thisipilo-driving maohino by tho polioy pursued by Messrs, Lambert and Co. in. producing 'tho grand historical drama,' ' ' Wallace.' . 3Vhon tho. ]-resent entorprisiug lessees took possession of tho Theatre Itoyal they found it sunk pretty deeply; into tho mud, hut by tho ox erciso of great card and patience thoy havo gradually but surely elevatod it to its proper position-^viz., tho top of 'tho polo; Inch by inch and stop by step has tho progress been made, and now,, when tlio summit is nearly roachedjdowncomcsthewholostrueturobytho production of this most absurd and vapid melo drama. I could scarcely hplieyo that I -was within tho classical precincts : of tho Royal on Monday, night, but fancied I muat have been dreaming of thp pidiny 'days of tho Vic toria, in tho Now Cut, when tho great N. T. Hioks was in his prime, aud when the success of a drama depended upon its impro bability aud tho number of 'terrific com bats' introduced into if. But after getting a friend to pinch me (which ho did in a moat spitofully vigorous manner), I found that it was no dream, and that it was really our 'OldDrury' in which I was ronowiug my earliest impressions of the British drama. Man is prone to err, and I seo no reason why wo Bhould look for perfection in the management of tho Theatre ltoyal, but when a justification, of such arrant rubbish as 'Wallace' is attempted in the daily journalsjjt isvtimb\tA spbakoiit/oleariy^aiid decisively^ and, therofqiWl .unhesitatingly Bay that\tK.o.-y--i«tM ' of !thor .^theatre is' lowered By tho 'performance of su«Ji rubbish. Mr. ?Herininga.Mn his' lotter to this A rguii,; says that it .was put on tho stago with tlio -view of drawing' a- geod house,' certainly an' object which managers cannot afford to overlook^but tho sumo -argument might be adduced -_if: tho, sexaccsimal management choje^to exhibit poises plasliqucs with figures' iinprqaohinn nuOity ' as nearly as tho law 'allows. xThey/raight also cugago Messrs., M'Laren and , Carstairs to givo an cxeulplili catiori of tho ' noble art' Either a'ttrao^ion^ would' undoubtedly , 'draw ' a good houso,' but the legitimate uses of tho theatre would be desecrated as, they now are, by,tho proj. duetion of such n drama as 'Wallace.' ? Mr.' Hennings says that tlio'dress worn byMr.Vifi-1 cent was not tho Bbb^KoyiJostsmoj probably' it was not strictly tho costume of tho bold out law, butit wasmostcertainlythesamo dress ns~ RobRoy is usually played iri^' and Was distant about a century or two from that'.wprivrJSy; Mr. Viricoubinl tho 'first' act. Mr; ? Hbllriints is a very talented' sceno-paiiiter/ but' I-doivd think that ' his. 'abilities' 'are!; seen'i',','td advantngo when 'ho und'ertako.'s itho ioha-j raeter of apologist,' as ho has . dono in connection, with' (this drama., Can; Mr.' Henninps or any one' elso, mako tho p'ulSliq bolievo that ithp Scottish army; consisted'of ei^ht men aud seven olficors,- four of tho m6n' being archers and four, 'javelin men;'1 like! those who, escort tho' sheriff' 'to meet tho judgo at ossizo towns in England. '. Can Wo beliovo that tlio commandcr-in-cliicf 'of tlio British ..'troops, wore a helmet' made, of ''tea' lead,' and' that the other', portions of his cos tumo wore somothing between a merman and] ,tho ghost of, Hnmlet's fathor? Is it within tho bounds 'of. possibility that tho horoino1 should walk.about the' mountaili wilds 'and . passes of Scotland arrayed ; in a whito., low-, neoked dress and whito Batin shoes, with no otheroutsidocoyoringexceptasmallplaidjtnoro 'for.o'rnanient thanusu? Did Mr. Hoiiiiings .ove'ruBCO a yice-rbgal! banquet at: which tho javelin men aforesaid formed tho major por-. tion'bf thogue9ts, and the lady visitors camo lundecompame'dlby auybhoj'whpro tho host' (and : hostess? sat ; apart from tho company, and did.,inot' ; joiu- tin : tho . , demoli tion , of tho :banquot,i and iwhero tho host had a wordy warfare' with1 'one ! of his .lady friends, ''which; .'resultpd in her , leaving 'the room in disgust.' If Mr. Henuings can show' that a drama, composed' of 'Btich absurdities! is .' holdirig thejmirr'orup to nature,',' thon I| wiuaivoflim nesc, . DutuutU UocanUoso 1: think he i. shows much more' advantageously with ^tho' brush than with; tho Vpeh.:'^Pho! play may have' boon put forward as a stop gap peudingtthe' production of the' Long Striko'1 to-night, and' would have passed with a Blight notice 'but, for'the undue pro-j ?minenco which has beenaceorded to itby Mr.; Honnings's ill-judged epistla. t' The Lioness of the North' has afforded the patrons of this theatre an, opportunity tof contrasting its excellence with the vapid and uninteresting 1 ' Wallace.' Tho 'highly successful farco of Mr._. Whitworth's and Mr. Harwood's in-; t'onfely'amusing performance of the principal character any'for the present, withdrawn. , Mr. -Anderson, [after a vcryr severe pas-! ,sago ,by tho Ilangitoto, arrived safely 'buj Saturday, and' will ihako his firstacquaint- ! 'aucd' witli tho Melbourne. public to-night im 'Hamlet.' In the ordinary course of events, we shall next week be able to greet our friend Captain Gray, of the Great Britain, which well-known craft will bring the rival tragedian, Mr. Walter Montgomery. The advent of two such recognised delinea- tors of the British drama ought to be the means of securing some of the best interpre- tations of Shakspere that we have ever been treated to. To- night will be a great one in theatrical annals, 'for wo aro to havo' The Long ? Strike ' ?at; the Royal ; ''' Hamletj1,' with Mr. 'Anderson, dt the Haymarkot; and; the Count is to open the Princess's as a place ! of amuscmentfor tliomillioii utastojiishingly | low prices. \The.stylo ;of entertainment will; bo similar ,;to that of iho .Theatro Comiquc, ' 'whioh place of amusement will romain'bponi under the same 'management, : arid with nearly ' the samo 'company,, supplemented: iby some new faces, r -The'Princoss's'wiH'open: ;w\th' ''MaBks 'and Fae.es,'' in' wliioH Miss' iTuhp will play PogWpfilngtori, tho highly amusing farce, '.MyTum l-ext':being thp afterpiece.'' '? CHARLES SURFACE.^ - 