THE CRETAN STRUGGLE. [times, joly 26.] Tho latest news received by telegraph from Crete seems to leave little doubt that the fierce struggle which has engaged the attention of tho world for so many months has been brought to a close by the destruction or the submission of the insurgents. That it should have continued so long is to bo attributed to the sluggishness and irresolution of the Turks rather than to any inherent strength in the rebellion. It is a melancholy history, nnd though wo cannet affect to deplore that peace is restored to the island, oven by force of arms, we must sympathise with tho unhappy victims of the revolt who havo perished or have been reduced to misery in obedience to a senti ment of patriotism or to the political ma chinations of their countrymen at Athens. It is no injustice to the Cretans to say that the movement which has brought such calami ties on their country originated rather in aspi rations after nationality and Panhellenic unity than in any intolerable sufferings which the Turkish Government inflicted. Sinco the kingdom of Greece has been established, the views of the most eutorprising nnd restless people of the Levant have been turned to tho liberation of their entire race from ioreign con trol and its union under the same sceptre, with the design, porhapB, of ultimately succeeding to tho possession or the primacy of nil tho Sul tan's Europeun dominions. They have always been ready to fomont insurrection, nnd have succeeded in keeping the frontier of Greece in a state of permanent insecurity. Crete they have always looked to as the first and easiest prize to be won from the Turkish Empire.^ Its position would make it n desirable ncquisitiou to them, while its distance from the seat of Turkish power encouraged thorn to hope that the Sultan would mako no strenuous defence, or that, if ho did, the European Powers would recognise the propriety of giving a remote and eminently Greek island to tho kiugdom of Greece. During the latter part of the reign of Otho tho hopes of the Greeks were depressed. The occupation of Athens by, two of tho Western Powers during tho Crimean war, aud the defeat of the insurrec tion in Thessaly, convinced them that tho ...A«.1,1 H*nn nn^ *ii\a fnv nnvr nnil^if mile mnud. ments on their part. For several years they confined themselves to domestic controversies, overturning successive Ministries with unusual rapidity, inveighing against their Royal family, whose chief fault was to hava been un successful in its schemes of aggression, nnd forming predictions of tbe future, tho principal event of which was to bo that thoy themselves should have a now sovereign and n more for tunate foreign policy. Their expectations wero to a great extent fulfilled by the acces sion of King George, vrhilo an impulse was given to their ambition by tho acquisition of the Ionian Islands, out of which they may faivly boast to have driven tho English by skil ful and persevering importunity. The Cretan insurrection was planned in ncco;:lince with this general design. The Christians and Mahonjedans in that island lived more inter mingled than in most other parts of the Em pire, and yet thero was n latent tendency to disquietude Within living memory there have been two other insurrections, though neither can be compared in importance to the present. The Candians have facilities for a guerrilla warfare, inasmuch as thero are many mountains for the rebels to retire to, passes which they may hold, and in the hill country n fierce population which is said never to have been fully subjected to regulrr authority. Tho island has been, no doubt, 'as much excitod as other parts of tho Greek world by tho events of the last few years. Though it would bo too much to say that it has nlwnys been on the vergo of revolt, yet, us tho event has proved, n very slight impetus wns required to rouse a large part of the population to arms. It is useless to recapitulate hero tho events of tho last few months. The Cnndian Christians, though, perhaps, less subject to MnhoKiedan caprice than any other body of Turkish subjects, have risen iu a widespread rebellion, nnd have fought against the troops of the Porte with a fury almost unprecedented even in tho Greek revolution. Tho mountains afforded them the means of protracting the struggle, I'nd woaring out tho regular troops which the Turkish Government sont ngaiust them. Making all allowance for exaggerated rumors nnd wilfully niendncions telegrams, it cannot bo doubted that tho people of tho island havo displayed tho utmast valor and constancy against tho Torki ;. The actual fighting has, no doubt, boon a mdncted by a' inero section of the inhabitant 3— the more hardy and in dependent portion of the islanders. But tho wholo population^ as far ns we can learn, seems to havo taken part with the insurgents. Whether justified or not in their hatred, the Christians of the island have had but ono thought — the deliverance of themselves and their country from the Turkish Government. The Greeks of tho mainland may have insti gated them, hut the Cretans havo been, at any rate, fully roused by their instigation. Revolt may have been preached from nbrond, but they hnva been the most ready nnd tho most zealous of converts. The Turkish Government nt first treated tho matter in its ordinary slow and irresolute manner, half despising tho insur gents, half fearing to act vigorously ngniust them for foar of rousing that half laid ghost the ' Eastern Question.' But a short time convinced tho Porte that if such a policy were continued it would produce a long and possibly n disastrous war. It then sent reinforcements, and ordered a largo naval force to the station. But tho Pasha in com mand had not the energy to prevail against the insurgents, supported us they were by tho people of tho Greek kingdom, and, if report speaks truth, by Greeks in countries which are on terms of still greater amity with tho Porto. Yet the Turkish troops appear to havo been early able to recover control of tho open country, the insurgents, as may be supposed, making their chief stand in the mountain districts. But whatever the nature of the warfare, it was evidently not sufficiently advantageous . to tho Turks until tho Sultan sent his veteran General, Omar Pasha, to take the command. The troops were prob ably often victorious ; but still the rebellion was not suppressed ; nnd ns long as a rebellion maintains itself the world will believe in its success, and bo gradually led to sympathise with it. The lingering contest in Cundin pro duced the very worst effects upon the Turkish authority. The Hellenes must have thought the prize very nearly their own, when four out of tho five great Powers addressed the Porte in favor of tho island's independence. Our own Foreign Secretary judiciously refrained from advice at tlia crisis, nnd it scorns as if the event now justified his caution. There is, ns is generally the cuse in revolutions, it great deal to be said on both sides. Tho majority of the islanders are undoubtedly Christians, and the Christians nro nnanimoua in favor of independence ; according, therefore, to tho code which is now accepted in Europe, the island ought to bo transferred by the Porto to a Government in which the people have confi dence. Tho answer of the Turks is based on the necessities of empire ; thoy say that tho island is but n province, whieh hns no right to separate from the dominion of which it ts a part, and they point out that to yield inde pendence wherever there is discontent is only ta encourage new demands, until the empire shall be deprived of provinco after province by foreign machinations. The hitter reasoning would hardly in itself bo accepted against tho clearly-expressed will of the inhabitants Jiud not tho force of 'arms confirmed it. For tho present at least, the rebellion is at an end, nor can wo conceive that all the activity of the Hellenes will ho able to revive it. Yet it is impossible to learn the end of this enterprise without n regretful admiration of the courage by which an insignificant island lias so long re sisted tho wholo force of nn empire. Although our Government has not thought it expedient to interrupt the campaign of the Turks by diplomatic action which would have tended directly to encourage and protract the insunection, it may now iuirly inter cede to obtain the restitution of the fugi tives ncd the removal of any grievances tliut may have been the cause1 or the pretext of their rising. All accounts rcpn.-si.-ut th» sufferings of the. Christians to have been pitiable. Num bers of them have fled the island, and are in want raisery in other countries. Thousands of women aud children have been conveyed to Athens er elsewhere, and are dependent on charity for [food, shelter and clothing. Ihe condition of a great nmltitnde in the island it self is most distressing. Whatever may havo been the political designs of thoso who have in cited tho insurrection, the islanders themselves rose in obedience to manly and patriotic instincts, for which it te not advisable that the Turks should exact the extreme penalties of civil war. They are at least onr fellow Christians, and they have fought gallantly, though perhaps unwisely and unnecessarily, a-*aiust a Government which they and their kindred have littlo cause to love. It is the duty of humanity to befriend them in their ex treme distress. 