A REVIEW. [from the leader, march 2.] A Refutation of the Personal Reign of our Lord Jesus Christ, and A Vindication of the Restoration of the Jews ; in twelve letters to a friend. By H. W. Mortimer. Mel bourne : Walker, May and Co. We have not much to say a'iout tliis book one way or another. We should not have noticed it at all but for the simple fact of its Ijeing a colonial production. It treats of un fulfilled prophecy— a subject which, although nfifiiinvincr considerable attention at present. is not much in our line. We are aware that the wild theories of Baxter have their enthu siastic believers here as- well as in England, and that a system of proselytising is in active operation ; but we regard' the fact as indicative rather of the low state of religious intelligence in the community, than of the worth of the theories themselves. We have sometimes wondered whether the people who designate themselves pre-millenarians really believe in the interpretations of prophecy, which, to com mon sense, are so utterly absurd ; but it seems that some of them do. Thero are ladies in this busy Melbourne who, our author tells us, ' arc inspired with the most passionate yearnings for tho immediate appearing of our Lord;' and he refers to one in particular, who 'hoped she should be in the flesh at tho time of our Lord's appearing, that her domicile might be honored with his presence, and that, boing ushered into her drawing-room, they should have a delightful chat together.' It was to check such mischievous delusions that Mr Mortimer wrote the series of letters which he has now published. He was at first challenged to the controversy by a friend who was fully persuaded that he should bo obliged to surrender to the Scripture testimony alleged to bo overwhelming in favor of Christ's personal appearing and reign upon earth. He had pro ceeded, he tells us, but a little way in the con troversy when he turned the tables upon his friend, who acknowledged himself to have been in error. It is not often that a' controversialist meets with such rapid success. The fact is really worthy of being- recorded as. proof that our author must bo pos sessed of a rare dialectic skill, and that he must havo met with an epponent remarkable for frankness and generosity of temper. But this was not all the success which our author achieved ; for on showing the letters to se veral friends who were pre-millenarians like the original challenger, the result was that almost to a man they were induced to change their views on the subject. We are thus prepared for the announcement that all these friends and /».Anvfirts aniinit.nri Mv MVirfimm* f.n nnWi'sli his letters ; and we think he would havo been more than mortal if he had not yielded to suoh encouraging solicitations. Such, then, is tho simple history of this publication, and wo narrate tho history because it shows that there must be some merit in the bosk. The twelve letters of whick the book consists are devoted to the consideration of six questions. What the questions are, and what the answers given to them, will appear from tho following passage : — 1\. The Millennium I understand to bo a very long period of great blessedness to tho Church on earth, and to the world at largo. 2. I apprehend Christ's kingdom comprehends all past, present and future saints, and consists of all souls that have been, or ever shall be, ransomed by His blood. 3. The Scriptures, I think, speak very decisively that tho noxt Advent will bo for judgment. 4. I boliove Christ's reign on, and over our earth will ever be, as it now is, a spiritual one. 5. The resurrection of tho righteous and tho wickcd, I am prepared to prove, will be simultaneous. G. Christ's second coming, which I think I shall have no difficulty in proving from Scripture, will be subsequent to tlio Millennium, and therefero cannot be a personal reigu daring that period. There is a sober earnestness pervading the author's treatment, the efficacy of which, with such as are already interested in the subject, we can easily understand ; but we suspect that a style of treatment less dry and abstract is required for the great mass of outsiders, who are not interested in it at all. For our part wo confess that we should like to see the doctrine of the millenium set forth in such a way as would show, not only that it is taught in scripture — of which there can be no doubt — but also that it lias an intimate relationship with most of the great questions now agitating society, and that it is in accord ance with the conclusions arrived at by the most advanced modern thought. By a Millenium we mean a long period of prosperity upon the earth ; when ne arrangements of society will be perfect; when the develope ment of each individual as to his physical, intellectual, and moral capacities will be complete ; and the maximum of human happiness enjoyeil. If this definition be accepted, it follows that they err egregiotisly who represent the millennium as close at hand. They not only expose the subject to ridicule by fixing now upon one date and now upon another — if 18GG won't do, try 1867 — but they wrench the future from all natural connection with the present by having recourse to cataclysms and miracles ; and, worst of all, events which they unfeignedly regard as constituting a stupendous spectacle tliey do their best to degrade by the introduc tion of the vulgarest machinery. It follows from our definition that those err too on the other hand, though not to the same degree, who spiritualise and refine the millennium away till it appears but tlio faintest shadow of a reality — the mere ghost of an idea, without a body. Although an event yet in the future, the millenium is surely related in some way to the present, as the present is to the past of the world's history. Destined to be an event of which this earth will be the scene, it is surely susceptible of association in thought and aspi ration with the activities of living men. We believe that by the application of the prin ciple of continuity the subject is capable of vitalisation, and when thus vitalised, it is at oncc invested with a most sublime interest. We look around, behind, before, and every avenue of our vision points to a millenium. The history of civilisation thus far warrants the expectation that it will proceed yet farther. The progress already made in every depart ment of human activity and endeavor, not only warrants but demands its continuance, and that at an accelerated ratio, until man's mission on the earth shall be accomplished : otherwise human destiny is a riddle more un solvable than Sphinx ever propounded. The fact of progress some actually deny, and the denial comes occasionally from quarters where it might least be expected. ' Society never advances,' says Emerson. ' It recedes as fast on one side as it gains on the other. . Its progress is only apparent, like the workers of a treadmill. It undergoes continual changes ; It is' barbarous, it is civilised, it is christianised, it is rich, it is scien tific ; but this change is not amelio ration. For everything that is given, something is taken. Society acquires new acts and loses old instincts. What a con trast between the well-clad, reading, writing, thinking American, with a watch, a pencil, and a bill of exchange in his pocket, and the naked New Zealander, whoso property is a club, a spear, a mat and an undivided twentieth of a shed to sleep under. But compare the health of the two men, and you shall see that his aboriginal _ strength the white man lias lost.' This is Emersonianism, smart and sparkling, but too superficial to be true. By his mistake as to the comparative vigor of tiie civilised man and the savage, we may estimate the correctness of his theory. Philosophers, of a very different way of thinking from Em erson, admit that there is progress in the world, but seek to nullify it by bringing into view what they regard as a great drawback. ' How sad to think,' says Dr. M'Coah, in his able work on the ' Divine Go vernment,' ' that amid all these improve mcnts in the arts and secular knowledge there should be no corresponding improvement in the morale of the human character!' We have here something more tangible than any thing that Emerson has said ; and it is the more worth our notice, as it expresses what we know to be a wide-spread feeling. _ But it is fallacious as applied to the question wo are dealing with at present. In advancing the assertion we havo quoted, Dr. M'Cosh must be regarded as ignoring the existence of Christianity for a moment, in order the more forcibly to indicate the need for it ; for we cannot conceive a man writing as an advocate of Christianity, and yet proclaiming its utter impotence to accomplish tho very purpose for which it was introduced. We presume, then, that he was thinking of an abstract world, a world by hypothesis, without Christianity. We are not dealing, however, with a hypo thetical world, but with the world as it is and as it has been — a world with Christianity in it ; and not only in it, but at its heart ; one of the greatest of operative forces ; producing that very improvement of moral character, which gives stability to our civilisation, and without which what we mean by civilisation could not be at all. Without entering into details, we would simply refer to our political systems and social institutions as proofs that humanity has made some moral advance since the old Roman or the mediisval times. Some may sneer at demo cratic theories and institutions ; but these have a moral meaning, and require a high moral culture for their operation. Progress in one direction is necessarily connected with progress in every other. Thero is a principlo of con tinuity pervading tho life of humanity as tho sap pervades every atom of the growing tree. And thus it is that if humanity be subject to tho law of growth, that growth is destined to reach a glorious maturity. ' There is a good time coming.' To that faith which is ' tho sub stance of things hoped for, the evidence of things not seen,' the good time is always near ; and though ever delayed, it ill befits' us to treat it as a mystic's vision or an idle dr6am. By tho pros .pect of it, near or distant, tho patriot's soul lias been often inspired to battle for his coun try's right ; the hero's arm nerved with valor ; the exile in his down-heartedness consoled ; the philanthropist supported in his plead ings for the poor and oppressod ; the earnest man in the van of reform, enabled to endure tho taunts and jeers of the Conservative lagging in the rear. It is but a dim light at best, and we often err by trying to mako it bigger than it is. We in terpret symbols as facts, and diversity of mode in representation we mistake for different events. But whether we regard the millonnium as a bare promise, or look at it through the glare of fanciful interpretations, or realise it as the natural termination of terrestrial pro gress, we contrive to get some comfort from it. At night in the forest there is choer got from tho camp fire which lights up the faces of those reclining beside it, though it adds density to tho darkness of tho outer circle. Some such cheer do we derive from the pros pect of a ' good time coming,' while we struggle on from mystery to mystery. 