BRITISH AND FOREIGN. FAVOOBITE DAYS FOB MARRIAGE.-The latest reports of the Registrars-General of England and Scotland show that no two nations could differ more widely than do the English, and Scotch with regard to the choice of the days of . the week for marriage. The Scottish report' states that the favourite day for marriage in Scotland is the last day of the year, provided it does not fall on a Saturday or a Sunday. No marriages are celebrated on Sunday in Scotland, while in England it is the favourite day of the week for marriaga, 32 per cent, of the mar riages being contracted on that day. Monday is a favourite day in both countries. Saturday in England is the third day of the week in order of selection of marriage, 17 per cent, occurring on that day; but in Scotland no true Scot will marry on a Saturday, nor, indeed, begin any work of importance. With the Scot Satur day^ is an unlucky day for marriage, and. he is_ possessed-with the superstitious belief that if he married on a Saturday one of the parties would die before the expiry of the year, or that, if both survive^, the marriage would prove unfruitful. " Hence it happens that Sunday and Saturday, the two favourite days for mar riage in England, are blank days for marriage in Scotland; Friday is the day on which " the English do not marry, but in Scotland it is one of the favourite days for marriage. AN AMUSING SCENE.-A ludicrous scene occurred in Chicago a day or two since. A gen tleman, in passing a lady, noticed that her nose was fast freezing. Without the least warning, and on the impulse of the moment, he grabbed a handful of snow and commenced rubbing her face with it. The lady was indignant and frightened at first, but thanked the gentleman when she learned that his object was to remove the frost frnm hpr nose. The Illustrated London News gives currency to a very odd rumour. It is to the effect that the Queen, having come round to the views of the capital punishment abolition'sts, has determined henceforward to use her l*oyal prerogative of mercy, and to allow T»O crit» inal to be executed. The Emperor of the French is said to have once expressed himself willing to pursue a similar course-provided Messieurs the Assassins first set the example of sparing human life. A MAN SHOT BY HIS W:VE AT A BALI*.-On Friday night a ball was - iven by Protection Engine Company No. 1, of Union-hill, at Odd fellows* Hall, EToboken, of which company John Geschwindt is treasurer. This man had been married five weeks before to a Miss Dobbs, of Guttenburg, with whom, it is alleged, he had contracted an illicit intimacy several months ago; and it is further alleged he married her under the strong persuasions of his friends, to avoid a scandal in the family and neighbourhood. Previous to the ball on Friday night he secretly issued an invitation to a young woman" he in tended to take as partner, at the same time pre tending to his wife that, as the' latter had no particular desire to go, be would invite a rela tive of hers. In order, however, to play the double game effectually, he did hot issue the in vitation to this relative till two days before tbe ball, it being then .±00 late for a yonng lady to make the necessary preparations. Geschwindt went to the ba.ll; but his wife, under the influ ence of suspicion as well as curiosity, resolved to pay a visit to the scene. When she arrived, all was 'merry as a marriage'bell,' and she pro ceeded to that part of the room where her hus band was about to take his place in the dance, and- stood before him, much: to his suprise. Re covering from the surprise, and without exhibit ing any outward signs of embarrassment, he asked her to go upstairs and take off her hat and shawl, when she replied, 4 Oh, don't mind; we'll have our fun presently.' He then turned away rather abruptly, in response to the call for the commencement of the dance, and was in the very act of making his obeisance to his fur partner when the crack of a revolver in the hand of his wife startled the assembly. A second and third discharge followed in quick succession; but the erect attitude of the terrified husband showed that these shots had missed. Two more discharges, and he was pierced on and under the left shoulder, the ball -of one discharge pene trating to the ribs. She was at once disarmed, and officer Kaiser was called in, and she was placed under arrest. The only mortification she felt was that she did not accomplish the deed. New York Herald. TERBIFIC GUNPOWDER EXPLOSION.-Hie most notable occurrence since the departure of the last homeward mail is the explosion which hap pened on tbe 17th January. At 1.30 p.m. the residents were startled by -a tremendous report, followed, in all buildings near the Praya, by the fall of broken windows, pieces of plaster. &c.; It appears that the Bremen schooner Themis, con signed to Messrs. Schellas & Co., was lying alongside, and receiving powder from the Zephyr, powder hulk. By some means, which will of course never be known, it ignited, and the sad result was that both vessels were blown to pieces with their respective crews and the coolies en- j gag<"d in discharging the cargo. The crew of the Themis consisted of the captain, mate, six other Europeans, and two Chinese; the only one of them left is tbe captain, and his life was saved only by the merest accident. On board the Zephyr were only two Europeans, Mr Coleman in charge of her, and Mr James, the former master. The crew consisted of four Chinese boatmen; but besides these there were some twenty extra coolies and a shroff belonging to the firm of Messrs. Schellhas & Co., tbe agent of the Themis, employed on board the two vessels in passing the powder along. All of these were instantaneously killed, amounting to some thirty six peonle; but besides them it is believed that about fifty lives were -lost by -the upsetting of the sampans and other boats within the Tange of the explosion. The actual numbers killed will never be accurately known. Only four bodies have been recovered. The Themis had on board her about 4.000 kegs of powder, or nearly 80,000lbs. The two vessels together had 115 tons of-powder on board, thoush it is believed that only that on board the Themis exploded, blowing the other vessel out of the water. The village facing the anchorage was blown to pieces, and the sampans have suffered severely. Tbe Einshan heard the explosion at a distance of thirty miles, she being off Yausyak at the time, on her passage down. Four of H.M.'s gunboats had a very narrow escape- the Banterer, Opos sum, Algerine, and Houghty-they having been ordered over to Kowloon side only the previous day.-China Mail, Feb. 1. The Queen's sailor-son, Prince Alfred, Duke of Edinburgh, is with his ship, the Galatea, at Gibraltar. His Royal Highness is one of the Commissioners for the Paris Exhibition, and wishes to attend the opening on the 1st April, but he will afterwards rejoin his vessel, which ?will then proceed on her voyage to Australia, where, of course, he will receive a welcome worthy the great colonies. I do not know that he absolutely requires a word of recommen dation from my self, but I may mention that those who know the Prince speak warmly of bis kiudly nature and of his talents.-Home Talk. ? An extraordinary act of foolhardiness was perpetra ed a few days back at Bordeaux. A young man, agad about 20, dressed as a sailor, ascended to the lower gallery of the tower of Pey-Berland, and finding that he could mount no higher, the internal communication with the upper gallery being closed, got outside and clam bered by the projections and asperities up to the statue of the Virgin, on the top, finally seating himself on the heap of the figure, where he re mained for a considerable time, dangling his legs and smoking cigars. A crowd naturally collected below, and - became denser every moment. At length the young man descended to the lower.gallery by the means mentioned above, and being there informed that police-officers were coriiing in quest of him, again got out upon the cornice, and making a sudden spring, caught the lightning conductor, and following its wind ings, descended, till a final jump enabled him to reach terra firma without injury. He then ran down a bye-street and disappeared. TRAGEDY IN A DANCING BOOM.-A distressing ; event lately took place at Castellar, a little com-' mune of the Alpes Maritimes, near Mentone. All the young people of the place being as sembled in ia dancing-room, one of the young men was seen to fall suddenly to the ground, whilst a young woman, twenty-one years of age, his partner, brandished a poniard, and was pre pared to infl ct a second blow on him, having already desperately wounded him in the stomach. The author of the crime was at once arrested. She declared that she had acted from a motive of: vengeance, = the young man having led her astray formerly with a promise of marriage, which heneverfUlfilled. The young man con tinues in an alarming state. A FATAL DUEL.-An account was lately given of the death in a duel of Prince Bernard de Solms, his antagonist being Count de Wedell. This latter is not unknown in France owing to the incidents connected with the famous balloon ing expedition of the " Geant," which as may be remembered, made its descent in. Hanover. M. Nadar, in relating his serial excursion and all that followed could not find sufficient expressions of gratitude, for the count, who lavished the most courteous attentions on the aeronaut. After the battle of Iiangensalza, in which the Hanoverian troops covered themselves with glory, the Prince of Solms and his brother had to answer before a court martial for their conduct during the action. They were both acquitted, hnt the issue of the trial, it is affirmed, had not effaced from the minds of certain officers of the Hanoverian army the unfavourable impression of the first moment. The duel is attributed to an expression of that feeling, which was resented by the other party. Cheap literature continues in a remarkably flourishing condition. " Scott" and " Cooper' may: be had for sixpence, and " Biilwer"for one I shilling; and in addition to these low-priced editions of ever popular, writers there are other standard works-poetry and general literature- < to be had at equally modest prices. So there is now no excuse if our English girls do not become as well read as their American sisters, who not only read much, but have a happy way of quickly digesting and then conversing on what they read, so that their conversation is never in sipid. The following case of prudery justly punished is related in the Paris papers:-A young lady recently presented herself with a child-let us presume that she was the nurse-at the railway station just as the train was about to depart. The young lady insisted upon a separate carriage. ' We have not got one, madame,' said the re spectful chief of the railway station; * and as suredly you would not detain the train a quarter of an hour till w'e get a ladies' carriage!' 'In deed I would-I insist upon it!' No help for it -the parriage must be got according to law-: and the young lady went champing and fuming up and down, .while the passengers were equally fuming inside the" carriages, and saying very bitter things at the expense of the yoiing beauty blessed with a baby so early in life. At length the carriage waa annexed. When the station master appeared-' Madame, everything is ready r-the ladies' carriage is here.' She was about to ascend. ' Madame it is forbidden !' exclaimed the official-* this is a carriage for ladies only ; the baby you carry in your arms is a gentleman ' I protest she is not!' exclaimed the lady. 'I protest he is !' mildly and yet sternly retorted the railway official. 'I say she is not.' 41 say he is, Madame.'-[We drop the veil on the dis cussion, which ended in the young lady retiring from the railway station amidst roars of laughter from all who were witnesses of the affair.} On the night of Feb. 26 a very appalling acci dent happened at Clifton, near Penrith, on the i London and North-Western Railway. It seems that as a luggage train from the south was passing Clifton the axle of one of the waggons broke, and ran oS the rails, and then general confusion ensued; other waggons and some vans, including one which contained about four tons of gunpowder, ran off the metals,' and the train was speedily brought to a standstill. The gun powder van, together with another containing salt, was a slewed " upon the line running south wards, and thus the whole of the road was en tirely blocked up. Not long after the accident happened a goods train for the south dame up, and the confusion was so great that sufficient means were not taken to check it, and in a few minutes the engine came into collision with the gunpowder van. Either the concussion- which ensued or1 the sparks emitted from the engine ; produced one of the most terrific disaeters ever witnessed on a railway, for the moment after I the engine struck the van all the Powder it con tained exploded with fearful force. The entire i four .tons of gunpowder blew up in one vast j cloud of smoke and flame, the latter illumining the entire district, and the explosion seemed to' shake it fairly to its centre. The earth quivered as if in the throes bf an earthquake, and the shock terrified people for miles "around. - Wag gons and goods of all sorts were whirled about hi every direction, and a scene :of destruction sel dom, if ever, witnessed on a railway was pre sented. The driver and stoker of the engine which ran into the powder van were instantly killed. Goods contained in both trains were set on fire, as were also some of the waggons, and they continued to burn for hours. The shock of the explosion was heard for Bixteen or twenty miles, and the windows of houses three or four miles distant were shaken, and in some instances broken. About six hours and a half elapsed be fore both lines were cleared. The 'Journal de St. Petersburg' of the 12th February, says:-"The Neva Skating Society gave its first night fete yesterday. The wind blew maliciously all the evening, extinguishing frequently a whole range of lights. They were re-lit, but it unrelentingly recommenced. The Emperor honoured the fete with his presence, Bkating sometimes with the Grand Duchess Maria Feodorowna (Princess Daemar) and sometimes alone. The other members of the royal family were the Cesarewich, the Grand Dukes Vladimir and Alexis Alexandrovitcb, Nicolas Nieolaievitch, the Duke of Leuchten berg, ard the Grand Duke George of Mecklen burg-Strelitz. It would be impossible to de scribe the costumes -some original, others e'egant, nearly all graceful and picturesque. Th« fete began at 8, and did not terminate till midnight. It would have lasted still longer if the electric lights had not ceased their dazzling radiance." A German brewer died lately in St. Louis, leaving one dollar to each of his children and 500,000 dollars to his widow. Mr Peabody's fortune is estimated at £6,000,000 -the richebt private individual, save the Baron Rothschild, within the limits of civilization. He is perfecting his plans for the some-time since announced gift to the poor of Boston, and the colleges of his native State. His gifts already aggregate £600,000. The other night a large and powerful black bear, an iuhabitant of a menagerie exhibiting at Guildford, forced his way through a partition, and into the tigers' den, which was occupied by three young Bengal tigers. A fearful combat soon raged between the infuriated beasts, in which the bear appeared to be gaining the ad vantage. After vainly using every means to part the combatants and to induce the. bear to retire into his own quarters, the keepers deter mined that the only way to prevent a fearful catastrophe was to destroy the bear. Accord ingly two of them loaded their fire-arms with slugs, and both discharged their pieces together and shot the bear dead, whilst they at the same time wounded two of . the tigers so severely that it is feared they will have to be destroyed. The value of the bear-is estimated-at about £90, and the tigers at from 80 to 100 guineas each. A singular case bf homicide has just occur red at Gravesend.: On a recent afternoon two youths, named HolmeB and Elgar, in the em ploy of a - grocer,- were upstairs in their bed room. One had been sent up to eall the other down to tea, when they began to spar with, each other in play. Suddenly Holmes took up a_ pistol and shot Elgar through the head. The pistol belonged to Holmes, and is said to have been kept loaded as he had been alarmed by ghost Btories. He has shown'much distress at the result of his rash actio^n, but has made no statement as to his motive for it. The coroner's jury returned a :verdict : of '' Manslaughter' against him. Female DOCTORS^-The Society of Apothe caries of London has issued a notice that in future no certificate' of attendance on lectures will be received unless such lectures have been delivered before the classes of a recognised school of medicine. The lady aspirants for the licence must, therefore, abandon their notions, or pass through the course of dissections, &c.;, in company with the students of the other sex-& thing a lady could not be expected to do. The regulation is, in fact, expressly designed to ex clude females.-Medical Press. Physicians of the town of Columbus, Indiana, (U.S.), report a case of spontaneous combustion as having occurred there. Andrew Nolte, a German of "very intemperate habits, was found dead in his shop, his lips burned away, his mouth a ghastly hole, his tongue charred to a cinder, and his nostrils blackened by fire. It is believed that his breath took fire from acigar. The extraordinary case in which the Rev. Mr Smith, a Roman Catholic curate of a parish near CarrickmacroBs, was indicted with two other men for assaulting Mr O'Beirne, the Manager of the National Bank at Kelts, and two of his servants, has just been decided at the Monaghan assizes by a second jury, the first trial having ended in a disagreement. The assault took place in January last, and Mr O'Beirne, who, as it appears, was'simply seeking his rights, was overpowered in a farm-house by Mr Smith and a party of men. He was tied hand and foot and left lying in a damp outhouse, without food or drink for nany hours. There ras a counter-charge against Mr O'Beirne and his men of having assaulted Mr Smith. The. bank manager was acquitted, :but the priestfound guilty, and sentenced to six months' imprison ment-a - result which caused both -wonder and excitement. A very shocking accident happened recently at CamberwelL A man was cleaning out some gutters on the roof of a house, when the ladder on which he was mounted slipped. It came into contact with some ornamental stone coping, a very large -portion of which fell ? into the street with a terrific, crash, shivering to frag ments a large portion of the flag beneath, and striking two women, two children, and eight men who were passing by at the time. One of. the women was killed on the spot,'and the other died before she was conveyed to the hospital. A magnificent collection of' jewellery, 1 the property of a man of rank,' was disposed of at Mr Phillip's rooms in Ttfew B ond-street, bn March? and 8, and realized upwards of £80,006*. A new illustrated paper devoted to the dis cussion of subjects connected vfith science, art, and industry,' has appeared iinder the title of 'The Scientific Englishman.'' 