ra <iCAVAX,E,T CHANGES. I hav'a" a very vivid recollection of the charge of the French , cavalry. Those who advanced' on -the-right • square of the 52nd were >cuirassiers,: having* not only 'a ateel breastplate hut the same covering for the back. Aa I observed before, the pleasing part of the. charge was • that, for several minutes, perhapB ten, wo were relieved from the cannonade which the French had kept up upon us, except when their cavalry charged. They came on in very gallant stylo, and in very steady order, first of all at the trot, then at a gallop, till they were within about forty or fifty yards of the front face of the square, when one or two horses having been brought down/ in clearing the obstacle they got a somewhat new. direction, whioh carried thehi to' either flank of the face of th'o* square; ;• which direction.'they one and all preferred to the charging homo and riding1 on to our bayonets. Notwithstanding their armour, many of the men were laid low, many horses were also, brought down, and the nien-had a difficulty in disentangling" themselves ;from them., The """cuirassiers' passed//the' - square^, receiving vfcjie fire', of all; the. four faces,' and /proceeded up to/jthe prest of' the British positioii. They then reformed, and/came' down the slope again upon us in the samo;way, and 'again avoiding to charge'' homo /upon tlib rear fiice iof : the square, as they could scarcely hope / to penetrate/ tho"; squares;; possibly it was a'reconnaissance ordered to' be made by the,Emperor/who' had no other' means of ascertainling'what force tho Duke/ of "Wellington bad at that time on_ tho re-/ ,'serve.islope: of I tho/position.: From the. .French- position soaroely any of the British/ 'tioops':could at'that time bo seeri'except our., own and, the other -regiments'" of'1 General' Adam's,brigade. An interesting anecdote' wasiuientionedtto, mo not :long ago, by the late General Sir Frederick'Love,-who was a captain and' breyotunajpr- iu the 52nd. at '-Waterloo; '■/Some 'years//ago';1hs\ and his brothw//wm:^^ruin^..'tliiibugibi the South of Francis/ from a trip tnoy had beeu taking, to the Pyrenees; when they fell in with a. mice. gentlmuanly_-Frenchihanin:one:o£ the public conveyances/ who.l in the course of conversation,' told' tliein that he also had sorvedatrWatevloo/"and ' it/turnpd~dut'"oh* their -comparinglitotes/thahbe -had. been5 aur,; officer: of some ) • standing /in1. ,tho very regiment of -cuirassiers which' had! ^charged the right: squSve,;o£ ■ thd!/52nd'lin "bliat.actionrf , Amongst jotlier, tbings;*tho . French/officer paid,, tbat/jwhilst. the'cumis!-; piers .wore reforming, jqst under the British: position; pippariitbry to l-enowihg' th'eir at - taok iipou ns/he observed that the1 men/had ordered their arms. aiTd/wefb /standing'at: ease;,and that he 'said: to/ a young/officer" / near him,'/.'^Spe '.how.,,coolly! these fcilow's' 'take it';' that' is ono of the old Spanish" . regiments,' we shalLinako. no impression on them." This officer added, that on charging : baok again he 'rode close to the right face of our square, so close that a young fellow sprang from the square and wounded'him with, his bayonet on .the left side of the neck; it was aslight wound, but ho showed theni the scar which it had iett. : My at tention, when the cuirassiers charged back upon us, was chiefly directed to those who were broqglit down by our firo, about twenty yards from the anglo formed by the front and right, faces; but I have a recol lection of something haying occurred at that time, without knowing what it was, in the front ranks of the right faco of the square, hot far from its junction with the roar face.—The Ilistory pf Lord Seaton's Kjglment. By the Kev. William Leeke, M.A. ■ r ' I "When is an alderman like a ghost?-—Whek I hf is a jQ\»blin£. . ,| i" iVl'li'll I " ...-Tue Great.. American Railway.—'l'tio Xeto'Zealand'Uerald lately publialie.il Mr Crosbie £ Ward's, .letter recommending tbe clinquishment of the Panama route, and the adoption in its stead of the route tp San Francisco, and thence by rail to New York—that is, at such- time when the sain, railway shall have been completed, which Mr Ward calculates will be the case in, .1370., From late Californian papers it would seem that such a consummation is not looked for before 1876. AYe extract tlip following as* giving some idea of the diffi culties of the routeThe difficulties to bo contended with by the contractors of the great railway from San Francisco across: the American continent do not appear to be of a trifling natnre. A despatch from Salt Lake, of 18th .Tune, says that the Indians are burning the contractors' sta tions, driving off their animals and killing their employes. No less than 78,000 In dians have united in a hostile confedera tion; the overland emigration and the mails are effectually stopped and tho pro gress of'tho railway retarded. The San, Francisco Times says that the country is oh the eve of the greatest Indian war ever yet witnessed. The citizens of Colorado are giving 20 dollars a-piece for scalps.- , Nice look out for overland passengers by the San, Francisco route!" A Remarkable Dwarf.—One of the most remarkable and interesting freaks of nature to which oar experience has yet in troduced us, we met with yesterday in tho person of " Colonel" Josephus Chaffin, of Bedford county. This personage is some forty-two years of age, has all the ;lisual features and outlines of manhood, converses with vivacity and intelligence, is twenty seven inches high, and weighs between twenty-five and thirty pounds 1 We learn from' Mr Adams, an uncle of this strange little prodigy, that many years ago ho was exhibited in all the cities of the North and South, and excited then much interest and wonder. Since that period he has been living in obscurity at liis home in Bedford county, and only came to town yesterday oil business, quite unconnected with the circus. The subject of this notice has a face which at one time might have been not unhand some; it is now worn, sunken, and seamed with wrinkles, and its lower parts are covered with tangled red whiskers. . His voice is, generally of a ," childish treble," and is particularly, affecting and; mournful. We are told, however, that the " colonel" is quite cheerful arid hopeful constitution , 'ally; and is not;at; all 'sensitive"about" hisi singular deformity; • ' He participated, as we. learn'from his own conversation, in the present distress and;anxiety of the Southern people,.although he.was a "Douglas Demo crat," and believed that Bcccssion was the cause,of the war. Mr Adams says the father, and-mother* of this curious mannikin were! both stont and hearty, persons, as also are; nis two brothers. Lynchburg (Vet.) Hcpub-mI 