REMARKABLE DELUSIONS (From the Livtrpml Albion.] In the Court of Probate Sir J. P. Wilde gave judgment in an extraordinary will case. A Mrs. Thwaytes, lately resident at Hyde-park gardens and Worthing, had died, leaving, by will, the whole of her valuable property, estimated at £400,000, to her medical attendant,' Dr. Smith, and a Mr. Sam. Smith, who were not related to her. This will was disputed by the deceased's sister, Mrs. Tebbitt, on the ground that the deceased was incapable of making a will. The trial revealed some extraordinary facts. The whole history of the testatrix was remarkable. She was originally of very humble rank, but a wealthy city tradesman made her his wife, and at his death, a few years ago, he left her the enormous fortune of £400,000. Some time before his death her extraordinary illusions began to manifest themselves. Her husband was de- votedly attached to her, but she took it into her head that he wanted to poison her, and a year or two before she became a widow she fancied that she was seized with blindness and was physically born again, with new body, bones, nerves and blood. From this period dates the beginning of a conception on her part that she was a member of the Trinity. She spent £15,000 in fitting up the drawing-room of her house in Hyde-park for the judgment of the world at the last day, and provided herself with a superfine chignon and a coronet of diamonds that she might play her part with due splendour on that occasion. In Dr. Smith, whose first acquaintance with her appears to coincide with the beginning of the hallucina- tion, she recognised another person of the Trinity. She was accustomed to declare that she was the Holy Ghost, the third person in the Trinity, and Dr. Smith was the Father that she was above God seven degrees that she sent the cholera or the influenza through all creation, and that it had to go through her first that the brutes had been attempting to poison her that one stage of her work was blindness; that she had gone through the now birth-overy bone and sinew and drop of blood had been made now that if the Almighty lost her everything would go to chaos that she was about to bring forth the Saviour of the world that she held direct communication with the Father that she was the first great cause and the pivot on which the whole world hung; that when the work was finished she would have Buckingham Palace and Windsor Castle that she and the doctor made the thunder and lightning, and were in their glory in a good thunderstorm that they were the supreme beings, and communicated together, though they were absent from one another -, that the judgment of the world was to take place in her drawing-room in Hyde-park, and that she was to take part in it with the Lord Jesus Christ in connexion with Dr. Smith. Dr. Smith, she often declared, knew everything she did ; when he came to see her once a fortnight it was then they managed all their affairs, that was the express time the work was carried on. Whatever the " work " was, Dr. Smith made a good thing of it. When her husband was lying dead, and before his burial, she made a draft will (dated December 19th, 1834) by which, with the exception of about £50,000, she bequeathed all the vast property she had just acquired to Dr. Smith, who was a stranger to her by blood, and whom she had known only since the illness two years before, when her mad notions about the Trinity first appeared. This was followed by an annuity of £2,000 to the same gentleman in payment for the trouble he took in drawing dividends for her, and by donations amounting altogether to nearly £50,000. Mr. Samuel Smith, the doctor's brother, also obtained a free lodging in her house and £400 a year, although Mrs. Thwaites appears to have had a personal dislike to him. Nor did the influence of the Smith family stop here. When Mrs. Thwaites came into her fortune she was very kind to her sister, Mrs. Tebbitt, providing a house for her, and giving her £30,000 ; but a year or so later, on a trivial difference of opinion as to a' cadetship for young Tebbitt, she turned her sister out of doors, declaring before all the household that she was a " child of the devil." In taking this step Mrs. Thwaites said that she acted by the advice of her friends, and the Judge Ordinary finds it difficult to suppose that Dr. Smith was not one of the " friends" who influenced her against her sister. The testator's mode of life was very simple and her expenses moderate within £2,000 or £3,000 a year. But at her death she left hardy as much as she had received from her husband. What became of the rest is not known. It may have been absorbed in the " work" of the Trinity, for which there are no vouchers or accounts, or simply muddled away by bad management. By the will now ¡ overthrown Dr. Smith and his brother were made residuary legatees to the amount of £18,000. She did not always name the same rwrsons as constituting the Trinity, and one witness went so far as to say that she spoke of introducing a fourth person into it. Notwithstanding, again, her belief in her immortality, who ordered in 1864 a vault to be prepared for her own burial and that of Dr. Smith. She betrayed not the least enthusiasm. If contradicted or disbelieved, she only said, " I see you are not rightly constituted,' ' or " Go and take a walk, and she would not renew the subject, She scarcely ever went to church, and indeed, on her own principles there was little reason why she should. She went to church once at Canterbury, and there heard a sermon which, according to her delusion, was about herself. She sought, however, to make no converts who promulgated no doctrines ; she made no efforts or sacrifices to advance her belief. On the contrary, she lived a quiet, regular, and simple life. She always took an _ early dinner, she slept in the afternoon, and enjoyed a game of whist in the evening. In short, the persuasion J under which she laboured was a purely mental delusion, a disease of the mind, and nothing more nor less. The Judge Ordinary delivered an elaborate judgment. He adopted the doctrine laid down in Waring v'. Waring, that " a person who is the subject of monomania, however apparently sensible or prudent on all subjects and occasions other than those which are the special subject of his apparent infirmity, is not in law capable of making a will," and being of opinion that the evidence fully established the monomania, he held that the will was not legal, and therefore fell to the ground, and her heir-at-law will succeed to her property, C "H I' M .-. -well . 