Humors of the Day. CAN THERE BE HARM IN KISSING ? THE waters kiss the pebbly shore ; The winds all kiss the hills; The sunbeams kiss the tulip bud For the odor it distills. The dew-drops kiss the rose at morn. The cereus dew at ere; The fern and flower, in circling clasp, Their mystic beauties weave. The moon-beams kiss the clouds at night; The star gems kiss the sea; While shadows dreamy, soft, mad light, Are kissing on the lea. The jephyrs kiss the budding pink That blooms on beauty's lip. And ruder blasts, though cold and chill, Its ruby nectar sip. The winds, the waves, the budding flowers, The laughing, merry rills, Are kissing all from morn tul eve. And clouds still kiss the hills. Even heaven and earth do meet to Ua Through tears of sparkling dew. In kissing, then, can there be harm! I don't think so—dojuu? Why is an hotel ghost like a polioeman? Because it is an inn-spectra. A CBuaxr old bachelor says Che talk of women is usually about men. Even their laugh is but "he! he!" Good tob NoTHnrch—Why should there be no free seats in a church ?—Because you ought not to be made good for nothing. At a printers' festival lately the following toast was offered; " Woman—second only to the Press in the dissemination of news." A Tatlob, having set up his carriage, asked Foote for a motto. "There it one from Hamlet," said the wit, " that will match you to a button-hole: lost, list! oh list I" WoHDXßrux.— *k contemporary, recording the fall of a person into a river, says, " It is a wonder that he escaped with bis life." Wouldn't it hare been a still greater wonder if he had escaped without it? " Thihk of Toub Head nr thb Moßzrnre." —A New York paper says that a man in the morning, after he has been drunk with wine, feels as though he had the rehunvvtism in erery hair of his head. As the steeple of a church was being painted recently the attention of a little girl was at tracted by the staging put up about it. Bha appeared unable to comprehend it j but finally, after a moment's reflection, said, " Oh! it is the crinoline!" A WHMKT-DBtN^iwe Irishman was brought before a magistrate named Porter, charged with being drunk and disorderly. The magistrate committed the delinquent to prison for a month, telling him that he would give him time enough to curse whisky. "Yes, faith,*' was toe prisoner's reply, "and Porter too. 11 Whxk Mr. B——, whose malevolent and waspish disposition is so well known, died, a short time smce, and it was reported by some people that he had poisoned himself, " What!" replied Miss Seward, " sure he mast have bit his own tongue." A Good Judoi.—Sir Hugh Cairns is said to have declined a peerage which was offered to him on his elevation to the bench. If he -did, no doubt he was wise. We may presume that the title which he declines was a mere barony, which would hare been a barren honor. " Iwghhtjab Duncan," ahd so ok.—Urbane Foreigner: " The—ah—contemplation of these —ah—relics of ancient art in the galleries of Europe, must be most intVsting to the—ah— educated American!"—Anwiyifiiiii Tourist: " Wa'al, don't seem to care much for these stone gals, somehow, stranger!" A young lawyer, who had long paid his court to a young lady without much advancing his suit, accused her one day of " being insensible to the pswer of love."—" It does not follow," she archly replied, " that I am so because I am not to be won by the power of attorney." — " Forgive me," replied the suitor, " bnt you should remember that all the votaries of Oupid are solicitor*." Ik my oountry we're got a war, while your country manetaoes a nootral position. Yes, sir, we're got a war, and the troo patrit has to make sacrifisses. I hare alreddy given two cousins to the war, and I stand reddy tosaerifiss my wife's brother rather'n not see the rebellyin krusht. And if wuss oomes to wuss Fll shed erery drop of blood my able-bodied relations has got to prosekoot the war. I think some body ought to be prosekboted, and it may as well be the war as anybody dao.—Artemms Ward. Ax Extbaobdikaby Woxay.—Our friends of the CarlitU Journal has had the luck to fall in with a miracle of a matron. Listen to the letter which introduces the lady to the editor's attention:—" An extraordinary woman residing not ope hundred miles from 8 she has had two living husbands and a dead one and a «J«iM to her second husband in ten months and on Tuesday had a set fight with Nebour woman and she won her fight and was brought to bed at three o'clock on Wednesday morning of a daughter and was up in the afternoon at Woork, the following day got up and Washed some dose and carried them to the hedge to dry and retired to bed at night with her baby and husband!" Abtbkus Wabd on Akbbioax Obaxosy.— We have a passion for oratory in America— political oratory chiefly. Our political orators never lose a chance to " express their views." They will do it. You cannot stop them. There was an execution in Ohio one day, and the sheriff, before placing the rope round the murderer's neck, asked him if he had any re marks to make. "If he hasn't," said a well known local orator, pushing his way rapidly through the dense crowd to the gallows—" if our ill- starred feller-citizen don't feel inclined to make a speech, and is in no hurry, I should like to avail myself of the present occasion to make some remarks on the necessity of a new protective tariff." HOBTICUI/nTBAL HOQI TOB ETOYBOD V AHD Always.—Cultivate acquaintances, if desirable if not cut them. Never sow the seeds of dis sension. Weed your library. Invest in stocks. Get as much Hearts-ease as you can. Fern growers don't be too fierce in your rivalry: re member the wars of the Frond(e). Attend to wallflowers and trim coxoombs. Emulate the cucumber—be cooL Beware of auricula(r) confession. Don't peach. Avoid flowers of speech. Pot—a lot of money on racecourses. "Bedding- out" is good for plants, but not for friends. Take the advice of the sage, or you may rue the consequences. Ladies! Success to the great rose show—on your cheeks, and may you always be eyebnght! (BT. B. Never pay your bets m fox- gloves.) Puhch'B Pbovbbbs.—A Fun is as good as a riddle to a stupid ass. Slate loose is gone goose. "Gee wo!" makes the horse go. "Mather way!" makes the horse stay. Slow and slack gets the sack. Matrimony—Better never than late. Between two fires the breach ii a post of danger. The cricket-ball slips through the buttery-fingers. Hit me and I'll hit you. Do what you oughn't, and oojne what must. Everyone has his trade, as the undertaker said to the physician. It is of no use trying to cobble horseshoes. Erery one to his liking, as the Frenchman said when he ate his horse. Good wine needs no brandy. A new knife is sharper than on old saw. He that is out of spirits should drink wine. The man is not always a thief who steals a march. Strong beer makes the head clear. 'Tis a good wind that blows nobody rheumatism. 'Tis a wise child knows its new Latin primmer. Eat your ham and save your bacon. Beauty unadorned is tripe without onions. No man crieth, " Taters all cold!" None but great musicians can do great shakes. Chemical—As the thief is to the dealer in marine stores, so is the retort to the receiver. No alchemy equal to saving, as Mr. Pennycuiok said when he scraped his cheese. No burden so light as that of a comic song. One man's meat is another man's dinner, as the clown said when he carved his leg-of-mutton. Ducks lay eggs; geese lay wagers. Don't set a i beggar on horseback for your postilion. Two eyes of a potato are better than one. Throw out tubs to catch a shower. Well lathered is well whopped. Donot kick the man who calls you an ass. What is sauce for cod is not sauce for salmon. Ostentation is a duty which we owe to our neighbor; luxury, a duty which we owe to ourselves. The red lamp of the doctor's shop is a danger signal. 