Police intclligcuce. (Before Messrs. Aldcorn Mackay, Glanvillc, and Bice.) Sfusious MANrFACTDBit of Ghosts.—John Bin'don, was charged, that he did, on the nigh of "Friday tlie 20 instant ^it Pyree, unlawfully maliciously, and contrary to the acts made an provided, manufacture, • make, and erect spurious ' • Ghost, ii thereby 1 placing i : :_ in bodly r. fear, all ond every of Her Majesty's peaceably disposed subjects. The evidence taken in the case was most v t- uminous and resulted in the defendant being bound over lo keep the peace towards all He as Majesty's subjects for the period of six calend " months. o Slaughtering licenses were renewed by Meesrs. D. Hyam, and James Lamond. \ elf ^otrsn Saw.—We beg to call "attention to the sale of iaipoundod horses, at tie Numba -Ponnd on Friday next '- ' To be Digested ax LErstran.— One of those <bolhardy|"realis?in ^liieh peopldi^vho ought to iiiow'ibptter will occasionally indulge, occurred t^e' other evening. A 1 Rcntleman, before retirins to rest, had tlie 'imprudence to shallow 'a civilised nightcap. On requiring at his residence we leara'tliutihe is well as—indeed, Oclter than might have hfeen cxpepted. Thb MusiciFAtiTies Bill.—Tliis important bill was apiin r(turned to the ; Legislative Assembly.: The Council has not insisted s 'on its amendments and the measure now only requires the assent pf the Governor, on . beha g of hex Majesty the Queen, to give "effect to it provisions. • The Christmas Houdavs.—In the Assemtly 5 'on tlife 'motion of the preimier, it , was and Sgreed to adjourn until Wednesday, ,8th JanuSryt and the Goviernment business stands s postooned accordingly • Wats add MeInb.—ln tlie ^{femblfa. a messago xros " bhjnght down, recommending that a further sum of £150,000-be. s proridfd bj Trpasury Bills. A fiimiltr messegc Wf Brougnt doWn' ob* 'the 9th, reoommeiided that an' amount not exceeding £250.000' aJjoUd beraised : by UMssiie tofXmsnty Bills to pro* vide for Hie paymeat'of sbtkices' sanctioned by theL^pslBjuro.% , ; f -,. • r ,•...•.; .-J; : T • ; BuontATiaBs tbb • G-[rn>AircB of POSTjuastbbs^A' supplement "to tlje, Gov£rnmentj Gixette, pftblisned oij Wednesday,' contains' ules anS HPijnhitioils for f bis guidance of P^fs 1 asters in New South Wales, to take affect January 1, 1858. # Pbeciohs Stores.—It is stated that a diseorery of garnets has recently been made South Australia, which promises to be of siuj_ s importance. The fortunate discoverer was Mr. e Burt, who, while on a miniag tour,fouo o a lode of soft mica near Mount Hopeless. The rs lode has been traced for about 700ft., and the o garnets ar^aid to stud it quibe thickly. ^AhpuJ 1 cirf. o? tlie Vo'n^orferat^J^BS beeof bronjdf liA&eludejand; ifc'SsXiopifoi to be ^alaed' at- £1,000 a ton. It may be new to some of our ^eJJiouniereadere t. tL^t^ifpct* Ijave been found just ove^Prince's-brldgej-iifear tbe. Batracks. It is indeed certain th^t gems e^iat in Victoria id largequantities, • ink cspfecially in the neig bourhood of gold-fields. Dr. Bleasdale has three diamonds, two from Beechworth, pid the third from Colliogwuod. One of t^ese(weighed three carats in the rongh, Sind ifter cutting was valued at £40. The district in which diamond and precious stpne^ have been found stretches Frdm tliotootofilio! BeechirOrth hills to CLiltom and further. Bubies have, been found 'in Queensland; topazes are abundant at the Ovens and Dnnolly, and 1 have also been fovnd in Fliudeis Island.' There can be no question, o the as yet un<5j?covercd wealth of precious stones In-the continent. We rejoico to hear ot tlie discoveries in South Australia. Fatal Skaeb Bite.—On Friday last (says the Braid wood Dispatch) a man named John M'Cabe, "a shccpbcrd in the employment of Mr William Scott. of Long Swamp, met with his death by the bite of a snake under very peculia circumstances. Ho took out his sheep morning as usual upon their run in the Mulloo ranges, between Mr. Scott's place andGidleigh and at about half-past10 o'clock in the morning he was stooping down for the purpose of excretion, and when rising therefrom a large) brown snake fastened on the portion of his ' ;body most exposed, and after slickiog .. deadly fnrgs into him fell w the ground, , one of liaNlites seized Jioldoftha rer ., i... Vi* - <tilo W and killed^: PiP Poor man nnuwhat- ^ ^ he was j^mfa. felt his sight grotF his WS^prie as fast possible and , . made Wm^phhisdoo,^ • sn d only just had sdPsiSd. His wiir nf0UB M ,m * !l .S acrificed the nound and dil; tliat sh^w*',-' _ Bed to do to alleriote the pains of Uie sufferer, and to check tlie' effects o^ ykt ,..iison, and then 'started off on horsebswi . .o obtain tbe assistanoe of Mr. '^feit Scott promptly returned with?.* her, 'iging some brandy with him, whicll lfe applied plenteously to the woujid afteir again scarifyin» it. Tlicpoor sufferer, however, .said it wns all of no use, that he knew he would shortly die, nnd when evening came he departe this life after about nine hours had elapsed fi'om the time he was bitten. The most singu part of the sudden termination of this poor fellow,s existanco was, however, that his wiP 5 some two or three nights before 'had dream that her husband was bitten by a deadly sna from the effects of which he died, atid &o; forcibly had this dream impressed its awful import upon her mind that she could not sha off the presentiment that the fate predicted in her. dream was hanging over her husband, an to guard againrt snchA' possibility she. mad him a complete pair of leather trousers reachin as high as an ordinary pair of trousers. - Tnu Difficulties - of Editobship.—The s following is froman. American paper on the , position of an editor t—'--His readers say he'sinsufferably dry and »£edions if political— frivolous if discumvi 1 —4wirrilous jf he scarjSes vice or checks wljljtorujgiSB^-in fact, he's the man and his nBs,and««Mmfibt please anybody. If a paper dipS iStoi^^islation too much, the people won't'^vl it. If tho typo is small they can't read it/we publish telegraph reports folks.eay they are nothing >ut lies. If we omit them they say we have no enterprise, o suppress them for political effect. If we put in a few jokes, folks say we arc nothing but a rattlebead. If we don't admit jokes, they sa we are an old frossil, If we publish original matter, they blame us for not giving selection If we publish selections, folks say we are lazy for not writing more and (,i>'ing them what tbey have not read in any other paper. If w give a public man complimentary notices, we are censured for being partial. If wo do not, all hands say we are an uncouth bear. If we insert an article which pleaseB the ladies/ me become jealous. If we do not cater to their wishes, the paper is not fit to have in their houses. If we attend church they say it 'is t only for effect. If wo do not, they denounce d us as deceitful and terribly wicked. - Postal CouuukicatIon.—A despatch has been received by iiis Excellency the Governor from (he Duke of Buckingham and Cliandos/i olr regard to the system of steam postal commun cation assented ' to by representees' of the ar various Australian colonies, and ratified by the local Legislatures. This arrangement was contingent on - the agreement cf tho English. Government. The 'despatch, homager, states that the Home Government do notconenhj'nn thereforo tlie scheme, for tho preseut. falls t ground. Thn despatch encloses a report. from the Post-mastcr-Gencral in reference io the whole subject, and wo believe there is a recom mendation that the matter should be reeons'defc by the colonies: The papers "will, no doubt, shortly be laid before Parliament; and it wil: be interesting tosee pn VliaVgroiindsadecisicn has been arrived other than that which Was hoped for by the Australian Legislatures. . Pbikce Alfeed.—The Hon. Colonial Secretary stated yesterday, to a deputation (who lf waited upon him wjth reference to the alte ation s of the route to lie taken by the royal procession), that a telegram had been received by his Excellency "Si* Joha Young, from his Boyal Highness Prince Alfred, in which the Prince stated that at his arrival in SydneyO the 14th of Jannaiy might possibly be titrn teneous with the arrival of Loid Belmore, he wotild defere Li* visit to Sydney until the fii January. A telegram however, hu been ibrwarded by . the Government tobis Boyal High ness, acquaiuted hitn wfth the arrangement* whidxhad been madeibr his reception in (his , cojony so that tJioTrincB may possibly be; !d> dnced to alter his' present intentions. TtfK MAN WhOiAa Jo lower his shirt ollar to t puss tinder a laQtnay bridge arrived in Toowofiniba ōn last 'weafcs llt'was labouring under 1 sii^bt attack of collary morbus, il 