THE QUEENSLAND STEAM NAVIGATION COMPANY. (From the Brisbant Courier . February 22 J We understand that the results arrived at by the gentie men Vebo undertook to canvass the city yesterday, in order to ascertain the public feeling with reference to the pro posed effort to prevent theQ. S. N. Company falling into the hands of Sydney speculators, were satisfactory. The re ception Ibey met with was, in every case, sufficient to show that public opinion is decidedly adverse to a monopoly of intercolonial communication. The object was to ascertain whether the adjourned meeting, to be held on the 26th instant, would be justified in deferring any pro posed arrangements with a view to the winding up of the company. It would appear that aU that is required in order to continue the Qi &. N. Company oa a InnoT mmnonv ia an arhfoh nan *anlo In m.^a The original shareholder*, it may readily be understood, are directly interested- in the success ef the proposed issue of preferent eharea, although the holders of them will hold security over the entire property and asaeta of the company. From a mercantile point of view, the publio -generally will find it their interest to assist to continue the company, as the only means of protecting themselves against extortionate rates of freight, and prohibitory rates of passage. The following is a copy of the memorandum, to whioh a considerable number of signatures have already been -attached: — ' Proposal for increasing the oapital of Queensland- Steam Navigation Company, in order to pay off the present debt of the company, by the issue of preferential shares. 44 That, so soon as subscribers have been procured for preferential shares of £6 each, the necessary steps be taken for altering the deed of settlement, eo as to cany out the following arrangement : — 41 1. The addition of £50,008 to the oapital of the com pany, by the issue of 10,000 preferential shares of £5 eaoh, payable bb follows:— £1 deposit; balanoe at 3| 6, 9, and 12 months, in bills. 44 2. That the holders ef-such shares ehall-be entitled fo« dividend of 10 per cent, and a bonus of 30s. per share from the profits of the company, before the original shareholders he entitled to any dividend or participation in profit*. 44 3. After payment as above to preferential shareholders^ all the original shares shall he called £5- shares, and the original and preferential shareholders shell then have equal interests in proportion to the number of their shares. 44 We, the undersigned, hereby engage to take tha number of preferential shares in the Q. S. N. Company set opposite our names, provided the terms of the above propo sition be agreed to by the shareholders, and not less than. eharea be subscribed for, and a guarantee given that' our payments, in cash and bills, be put to a separate ac count, and returned if it be found that the payment oannot be obtained for the said number of shares. Although thiq proposition cannot at preaent be regarded ae anything more than a private one, as it has not received, the sanction of any meeting of the company, there is little doubt that it will commend itself to the general public. Geobqb's Flxiks. — The foundation-stone of a Churohi of England church at George's Plains, was laid on Wednes day last by the Rev. Thomas Sharps, M.A., incumbent of All Saints, Bathurst, assisted by the Revs. W. Lisle, of Kelso. Mr. Uzzell, of Carcoar. and H. A. Langley, of Bathurst, ia the presence of nearly 3000 persons, assembled from the sur rounding country. In a recess prepared for its reception under the etone a glass hottio was deposited,, containing n document with the following inscription ' In tlie naae of the Father, and of the Son, and of tbe Holy Ghost, on the 20th day of February, 1867, the Foundation Stone of this Church (the sittings in whioh are to be free and unappro priated fer ever), to he imed for the worship of Almighty God in accordance with the ritee and ceremonies of the Vniied Church of EEgland and Ireland, was laid by the Rev. Thomss Sharpe, M. A., Incumbent of All Saints' Church, Bathurst, Trustee— the Right Reverend the Bishop of the Diocese, Frederick Barker, D.D. Architect — : Edward Gell, Building Committee — Joreph Smith, Charles W. Croaker, Jacob Barnes, Henry Butler, George 1 Larnach. Secretary— the Rev, H, Archdall Langley,' — ; Bathurst Times. ' A Supposed Nohleman in DrpptcuLTiEa. — Tha ' Maryborough and Bunolly Advertiser has a long aooount of the doings of a young man, ef supposed aristocratic con nexions, who has been passing worthless cheques in that, district, and has sinoe been arrested by the Carisbroot police. On searobing the swag of the prisoner— who, while living at various hotels, had given the name, oft : Stafford — papers were found, from which it was concluded that bis real name is Charles Guard, and that ha. is. tt scapegrace of noble blood. His family seem to rtnlde in Norfolk, and Lady Stafford is claimed as his sister. A pri vate letter to the prisoner (whether genuine or merely got up for the purposes ef deception, h&B; not yet been ascer tained) speaks of seme members of foe family bring busily engaged purchasing furniture, having to entertain tun Prince and Prinoeea of Wales en their- visit to Norfolk. Other documents show thr,t Stafford visited Waagaratta raoes on 29th and 30th January, that he has been te Corowa (New South VCales), and that the horse he rode was purchased from Kr, D. Lovelock at auotion, in Mri boumo, on the 2nd Instant* Several si.iV oheque* ware found upon him. He now lies ia the Cwiahrooc watoh hOUMi 