THE REFORM DEMONSTRATION. A. view rnoM A CLUB WINDOW. (From The Times, February 12th.) There are not many, perhaps, among those who ever saw a Fete Died on Corpus Domine in some of the great continental cities who inquired how much genuine religious feeling there might be at the bottom of that gorgeous ceremony. All those long rows of lay brotherhoods in sacks and hoods, those parish school children decked out in lambskins and flower wreaths, those flowing gowns and tight uniforms of civil and military officials, have not much to do with the " awful mystery" closing the rear. The beaming expression on every countenance hardly differs from that borne at the Corso in the Carnival season. It is the same male throng in the streets, the same bevies of women on the balconies ; the freshness of attire, the radiant smiles, the conscious looks, the dumb yet eloquent interchange of telegraphic messages every- thing tends to remove from the pageantry the very shadow of pious solemnity. It is only a carnival with Madonnas and Crucifixes, enhanced by the deeper blue of the early summer sky, and the fragrance in the air from the crushed rose leaves thickly strewing the pavement. All this came back to my mind as I looked on the Reform procession from my club-house window, and wondered how much real earnest political Impulse brought our good working classes to muster. Exhibitions in the public thoroughfares are not much in our way. We are a stay at home hard-working race. We have outlived almost the very remembrance of a Godiva. The Lord Mayor's Show itself is hardly an attraction to nursemaids fresh from the country, and the railway has done away with not a little of the humour of our only national progress-the drive to the Derby. The procession of the Reform League cannot even be set down among those sports with which our forefathers, according to Froissart testimony, " s'amusaient tristement, aVusage clever pays." The muster of the 3rd of December was voted a rather dullish affair ; the Demonstration of the 14th of February turned out positively flat. It was very poor fun, yet it is not easy to believe that it was seriously meant. The novelty of the thing had worn off altogether, and its announcement had evidently created neither interest nor fear. Up to 1 o'clock it was impossible to perceive the least unusual stir in any of the streets adjoining Waterloo-place. At about 1 the footpaths began to be lined with people, orderly, but listless, and to all appearance infinitely bored. I saw hardly one Reform League ticket on any of the hats of the slowly-gathering multitude ; hardly any sprinkling of the " rough" genus in the midst of the good-looking and better behaving groups. Towards 1 some of the working men's' bands began to pour down Regent-street towards their meeting place in Trafalgar-square, and then for about two hours the traffic, as far as my view extended, suffered grievous interruption. Men and beasts bore it with great good humor; stylish equipages, lumbering omnibuses, and dashing Hansoms pressing in each other's way, and clogging together in a hopeless confusion with which it seemed nobody's business to interfere. Presently two open carriages drawn by grey horses, and followed by other vehicles of the same description, forced their way into Waterloo-place, and drew up along the pavement close to the two club-houses. The feeblest ghost of a cheer greeted them, and gave us to understand that the heroes of the day were before us. The only man known in London died and was buried long since, and you must not ask me who or what these were. No one could even tell me whether or not Mr. Beales was there, and whether those poor shouts were the " fitting sounds in our ears to which he so jocularly alluded at the last Reform meeting. Whoever or whatever those Representative Men might be, they sat quietly in their seat, silent and even sulky, for the best part of an hour. Two o'clock struck, the half-hour passed, when at last a tall, grey whiskered man on horseback came up from Pall-mall East, shak- ing hands with the crowd as he went with all the zeal and alacrity of an American president. Close upon him there followed a mob without order or guidance, for several minutes elapsed before the mounted farriers, struggling through the maze of thronged vehicles, announced the advancing procession. The sights and sounds of which I attempted a short description two months ago reproduced themselves with so little attempt at novelty or variety that it would be impossible for me to waste words in mere repetition. The management of the show had evidently fallen into less skilful hands than on the previous occasion , hardly anything like order was kept up. A much smaller crowd seemed to create a greater hindrance ; the stoppages were long and frequent, the mob broke in conveyances of every description, Raw ling's sodawater, Slater's fresh-butchered carcasses, and even a mourning coach, fell into the line, and were almost crushed by the weight of enterprising boys climbing on the shafts, on the axletrees, on the roofs for a lift." The working men were all very well in their way-jolly, orderly, exemplary, struggling through the throng at the narrowest and advancing at double quick in the open. Their flags, devices, and cognizance displayed neither wonderful inventive powers, nor transcendent humour. There were pursuing allusions to the " brightness" of the Member for Birmingham, and intimations that " No Adullamites need apply." The banners were brand-new, rich, and some of them gorgeous. The leaders were bedizened with scarves and ribands, stars, rosettes, cock- sides, and all kinds of finery proof, if any were needed, of the immense amount of personal vanity invariably lying at the bottom of political no less than religious innovation. Many of them made actual " guys" of themselves, with scarlet uniforms, Garibaldi shirts, and French keeps, the oddest combinations. I saw Phrygian or red Republican caps borne aloft on poles, and heard the inspiriting strains of the " Marseillaise." There was enough to give oddity, but hardly beauty to the show ; the progress was slow and fitful ; the men in the ranks seemed alone to enjoy " the fun ;" the crowd on the footpaths was most provokingly unsympathetic ; scores of windows in the opposite houses were untenanted ; the very housemaids in the attics only peeped out from time to time, and fell back worn out by the sameness of the unmeaning and unattractive display. Somewhat more than half the muster had gone past, when the Reform carriages, with their occupants, joined the line. Before half-past 3-that is to say, somewhat less than an hour after the first appearance of the farriers-the last struggling files of the artisans were blended with the common crowd. At their rate of march, and with their frequent hindrances, the real actors may have been from 15,000 to 18,000 ; but it was hardly possible to distinguish them from the spectators, the overwhelming wave of whom pressed and closed upon them on all sides. The Reformers hardly succeeded in keeping their ranks of six or even four abreast, although they strove to keep together by linking their arms. They met with great, involuntary resistance on the part of the closely-packed, though inoffensive multitude. The police, both on foot and horseback, contented themselves with looking on unconcerned, probably reserving their energies against any eventual disturbance, of which, however, not a single instance occurred within my range of observation. A dapper youth, mounted on a brown horse, exerted himself to make up for the shortcomings of the public force, and was a host in himself. He was evidently a man in authority, and acted in close connexion with the Reform magnates, whose carriages stopped the way before our doors. He waved his whip as freely as if it had been a constable's truncheon or a gen- d'armes broadsword, and apostrophised, or-why should I not say the word bullied the crowd in a tone and with manners which would have done an alguazll's heart good. The sovereign people _ put up with the man's arrogance with incredible meekness and patience, and allowed itself to be marshalled hither and thither, as if the Queen's highway were the Leaguers' special property, and the public were mere intruders. Something too much of that, as I thought. Yesterday's experi- ment turned out too sorry a failure even for Messrs. Beales and Dickson to feel tempted to renew it but were they to contemplate another Demonstration I really think it would be time to ask by what right they monopolize the thoroughfares and interrupt the traffic of a city which shows so little sympathy with their per- formances, j 