STOW MEMORIAL CHURCH. OPENING SERVICES. This noble monument of Christian piety and grateful memorial of an'affectionate people to a laborious pastor now gone to his rest and his reward, has just been formally, opened in con nection with a series of appropriate services, which it is now our pleasing duty to place on record. "We must, however, first supply a brief account of THE STRUCTURE, as describedby the architect, Mr. R. G. Thomas " The building is in the early Gothic style, and will accommodate on the ground floor 850 per sons, including all sittings. Galleries are pro posed over the south entrance, and over the transepts for the orchestra, increasing the accom modation to 1,150. These, however, excepting the orchestra, are not constructed at present. The total length of the building is 142 feet, and the breadth at the nave and aisles 62 feet, and at the transepts 83 feet. A tower and spire, which however, are not yet to be erected, will abut against the eastern transept, but on all other sides will rise directly from the ground; the ground storey forms a lobby and entrance to the Church. The height, when completed, will be 170 feet from the pavement. The foundations of the tower are laid three feet below the surface, upon a bed of concrete formed with Portland cement in place pf lime, and the foundations are eight fees wide. The walls of the tower are five feet below, and are continued above four feet in thickness. The principal entrance of the church, fronting Victoria-square, has a project ing portico, with freestone columns supporting pointed arches and an open parapet, above which is a large four-light window with geome trical tracery. _ The two transepts have wheel windows in their gables, with similar tracery. The interior of the church is divided into nave and aisles by columns supporting arches, and a clerestory from which the principal light will be derived. The aisles are very narrow, as they are merely intended to serve as passages, and only have occasional sittings placed in them. The columns, therefore, nowhere interrupt the view of the platform. The interior is lofty, the ceiling, of hexagonal shape, being 43 feet from the floor, and is plastered. The clerestory is lighted by eight windows, of three lights each, having geometrical tracery. A platform, en closed with railings, is placed opposite the en trance, and over the platform is the organ gal lery and orchestra. There are three vestries behind the platform, also staircases leading to the proposed transept galleries and to the organ gallery. The building has been entirely con structed of Glen Osmond stone and Glen Ewin freestone,] the front portico being wholly of freestone. The building is of the most sub stantial and durable character, and not devoid of ornament. The contract, which did not include the upper part of the tower and spire, amounts to £7,650." To this we may add that the edifice as it now stands, with the additions to the tower, pewing, extra improve ments, and purchase of land, has cost nearly £11,000, to which the expense of erecting the spire at some future time will have to be added. _ The site of the building is in Flinders street, in a commanding and central situation, adjoining the new Treasury Offices, and facing the Supreme Court, which is on the opposite side of Victoria-square. The "Wesleyan Chapel (Pirie-street) closely adjoins; in fact, the imme diate vicinity is full of churches and chapels of all denominations, amongst which the Stow Memorial Church is the most elaborate and beautiful. Indeed it has cost more than any other ecclesiastical structure in South Australia, and speaks volumes for the liberality of the Church and congregation, and for the kindly feeling evinced by various Christians of other denominations who have lent a helping hand. The appearance of the church, especially when lighted up, is at once chaste and grand; nor has comfort been sacrificed to' architectural effect, as all the arrangements have been made with a view to accommodation and hearing. "We may add that the foundation-stone was laid on the 7th February, 1865, by Mr. Alexander Hay, a devoted supporter of the cause, and of his old friend and esteemed pastor, the Rev. Mr. Stow. Since that time the builders, Messrs; Brown and Thompson (then English & Brown), have worked assiduously at'their contract, the result being the completion of the work so as to admit the opening as now recorded. It may not, however, be amiss in this place to insert two or three sentences commemorative of THOMAS QUINTON STOW, the noble colonist, and now sainted minister, in honor .of whose life-long and disinterested labors this beautiful temple has been erected. The Rev. T. Q. Stow landed in South Aus tralia on the 16th of October, 1837, and pitched his tent—a large military marquee—on a flat on the south side of theRiverTorrens, nearwhere the Morphett-street foot-bridge now "is. At that time the Adelaide plains were an interminable forest, in which the emu and kangaroo roamed almost undisturbed, and the aboriginal native yet held lordship over the wild solitude. Mr. Stow's first sermon in this tent was preached to the new settlem on Sunday, November 7, 1837; and a few days afterwards he organised the first Congregational Church in South Australia. Some of the members enrolled on that occasion still survive, and are at this date members of various Congregational Churches in the pro vince. Nor need we say that to them the opening of the Stow Memorial Church will recal past scenes and incidents of the most deeply interesting character. Thirty years in the life of any country is a long term; but the first thirty years of the life and history of a colony must necessarily be marked instronger and deeper lines on the tablet of memory than any subsequent similar period. We cannot find space to chronicle the early friends of Mr. Stow, who—like his most valued and intimate asso ciate—the late William Giles, have gone to their rest, or here, also, we might find material for useful retrospect. To return to Mr. Stow. In the course of a few months he removed his tent to an acre on North-terrace (now partly, occupied by Messrs. Hill & Co.), and here he built his first sanctuary—an edifice constructed of the pines and reeds available in the neighbor hood, the good pastor laboring withhis ownhands to assist in the erection. In this rude structure, which also served the purpose of a parsonage, the first Independent congregation worshipped for about three years, until Freeman-street Chapel was opened, in November, 1840. This chapel was a great undertaking in those times, costing about £3,000—a heavy sum for a small congregation in so young and struggling a com munity. The building was heavily embarrassed, and during the crisis of 1841-2, and the years of depression that followed (till the. discovery of the Burra) the payment of the interest was a severe tax upon the purses of Mr. Stow's people; so much so that he declined all Salary for his labors for several years. However, with the advent of brighter times the debt was cleared off j and about 1850 the chapel was im proved by the addition of galleries, vestries, and schoolroom. Freeman-street Chapel has thus been occupied for more than a quarter of a century, and those who attended the deeply affecting farewell ser vice conducted there by the pastor, Mr. Evan, on the evening of Sunday, April 7, will not soon forget the deep impression produced, as the re gentleman recalled to the memories of 1 hearers the sacred associations of the place. The Rev. T. Q. Stow, for some years prior his decease had been subject to illness, andt result was the obtaining of a co-pastor in fi person of the Rev. C. W. Evan, the now lov and honored successor of the deceased. M Stow died in Sydney, whither he went for tl benefit of his health, in 1862. His remains we brought over to Adelaide for interment, the di generalmourmng, and the processii that followed to his grave being far the greate ever seen under similar circumstances in t] n gr?ve a costly monument w tiff ? subs(;nption, and to this sp ,ondly rePair for years to come have.known him, and, in still mo ffistant years, of those who will have heard ai read of the important part he played in tl founding of this thriring colony! As tl he^lahnwi C°n^eSatj°nalism in this provin he labored long and hard, amid difficult! against which only the stoutest heart cou S whS 1° estab^ denominate with which he was immediately identified. I wfS l ? his » andunsectarian his desires, and hence he helped in every got "work wmchwas forthe progress of religion inti province. His energy and earnestness were on equalled by his catholicity andlarge-heartedness, and lience he is held iii honored remembrance by all the Chinches. In the political history of our colony Mr. Stow took a conspicuous and leading part. He was one of the strongest opponents of the State aid to religion, and made the abolition of such assistance in this colony one of the aims of his life, and before he died he was permitted to see not only the realization of his wishes, but also to witness the friendli ness and good will which, notwithstanding the withdrawal of this aid, exist amongst all the Christian Churches of this colony. OPENING PRAYER MEETING. The Chapel being now ready for occupancy, and all the preliminaries for the various services arranged, a solemn devotional service took place on the evening of Friday, April 12. There was a large audience present, including ministers and representatives from various other Churches of different denominations. The Rev. C. AY. Evan commenced by reading the hymn, " Oh, Thou to whom in ancient times," which was sung by the congregation, after which the Rev. Mr. Stonehouse (Baptist) read the 67th Psalm, and the Rev. M. Hodge offered prayer. Scripture was then again read by the Rev. J. Lyall (Presbyterian), and prayer offered by the Rev. F. AY. Cox; after which the Rev. C. AY. Evan delivered the following DEDICATORY ADDRESS. 'By the good hand of God upon us we areper mitted to witness the completion of this build ing, and unite in the first song of praise, and in the first prayers offered within its walls. It has seemed to us appropriate that the first public service held in the church should be mainly of a devotional character ; that worship should take precedence of instruction. -To many of us, at least, the occasion is a solemn and a joyful one, and our thoughts and emotions find their most fitting expressions in praise and supplica tion. Fervent, indeed, should be our song of thanksgiving, and earnest the prayer which we breathe before God. AYe ask the God whom we worship and serve to accept the works and offerings of our hands. AYe seek grace that we may worship Him in spirit and in truth, that we may serve him acceptably with reverence and godly fear. AYe pray that the beauty of Jehovah may be upon us. AYe have erected this house unto His name. AYe trust that we have had no lower aim than the promotion of His glory, that we have sought not our own but the things which are Jesus Christ's. It i only as we have this conviction that we cai now with true hearts seek the divine sanctio] and smile. Shame, indeed, would belong t us, and confusion of face would be ou desert, if while professing to build and dedi cate a house unto God, we were seeking onl our own aggrandisement, or the furtherance c a favorite form cr name. But though our heari condemn us not as to our ruling aims ' an motives, yet it is not with a feeling of pure con placency that we can look upon the best of ou works; and when we bring them into th presence of the Holy One, and ask his approval we feel that we have also to ask the forgivenes of the sin which disfigures and mars them. Th structure which we thus dedicate to God's sei vice is admitted by all observers to possess som degree of material excellence and beauty; bu it is none too beautiful, none too good for th use to which it is devoted. Grand- and cost! edifices have - been erected for purposes meai and morally questionable, while too frequentl buildings raised for the noblest and best of end have heen rude and unsightly structures. I many cases, indeed, the meanness of th Christian sanctuary has been a necessity of ch cumstances. The Christians of the first century for instance, whatever might be their views c the externals of religion, had neither the wealt' nor the liberty to erect goodly sanctuaries, an in subsequent ages many of the followers c Christ, poor and persecuted, like their Mastei have been too thankful for any manner of roo under which to assemble for worship. But in community like ours, where Christians are nr merous and comparatively rich, dwelling i houses supplied not only with all th comforts, but with many of the luxurie and costly adornments of civilization, i were verily a shame that the house c their Father, which is more properly calle their home than any other earthly habitatior were marked by unsightliness, and poverty, an discomfort. The worship of God is a greate thing than the business of the world, and th blessings of the sanctuary axe even more preciou than the blessings of home; and we see no why, in a community like ours, claiming to b called Christian, the House of God should no stupass all other buildings in prominence o position and in beauty of conception and wort manship; while it should, by its very form am aspect, present a clear indication of the sacrei use to which it is devoted, and thus become t man, amid the absorbing pursuits and the mate rialising influences of earth, a silent but con spicuous witness for the Living God and eterna things. For whom are our best and most beau tiful things, if not for ?the God of love am beauty ? Not that He has need of anything a our hands, but He takes pleasure in the offering of love and devotion, and the soul that trul and intelligently loves will not offer unto Hin the mean or blemished sacrifices. The notioi that all beauties of art should be dissc ciated from the Christian sanctuary am the worship of God, as if He who made a] things beautiful delighted in deformities here needs no confutation in our time. Man early _ Christians, not sufficiently distiii guishing between religion and art in Paganism looked upon art with suspicion and antipathy Because the beautiful was known to them a allied to the unholy, the beautiful was re nounced and treated as profane. The sam error has been committed in more recent times and in the section of the Church of Christ wit] which we are more particularly identified. Ou Puritan forefathers, harassed and impoverisiiei by oppressive enactments, were compelled t erect rude inartistic structures, in any obscur locality where they could find an asylum. Bu' what was with them a necessity of their posi tion, some of their descendants came tolookupoi as a fixed accompaniment of pure and u-ndefilec religion. All artistic beauty in connection witl the house of God was associated in their mind with corruptness of worship and teaching. Hap pily, wiser thinking and a better spirit prevai in our day, and it is no longer thought neces ®ai7 .Y^t a building where the best and mos' beautiful things are to be taught and enjoyed should itself be devoid of every attribute o: grace and comeliness. But we must not feel toi ?S.c^re against the opposite and prevalent evil o: lifting the externals and accessories of worshij out of their proper sphere—that of strici subordination to the spiritual in'religion. Un happily it is but too manifest that there is no necessary connection between the beaut] of church architecture and the beauty o: holiness that should pervade the worship of God In the rudest structure, raised without profes sional aid of architect or builder, there may be such worship as the Father seeketh and suel teaching as sinful men need, while in the build ing of the highest architectural pretensions anc merits the worship may be cold and formal and ^he teaching feeble and fruitless, and the grand edifice may prove but a garnished sepulchre. Our earnest prayer to-night is that within these walls men may draw nigh unto God with true hearts, by one Spirit, through the one Mediator and that the teaching of the pulpit may be inspired and energised from above. These are the two purposes for which the building has o?11 ?rec^e<^—worship and teaching—worshij offered to God and instruction communicated tc man. The two things are very closely allied and often blended in the service of the sanctu ary ; but they are in their nature distinct, and it is manifestly important that in the public exercises of the Church each should occupy its proper place and have its due share of attention. An impression prevails that, as Congregational ists, we have given undue prominence to the sermon as compared with what is more directly worship. Some of our forms of speech seem to betray the error. The devotional portions of the service are commonly -described as introductory. Going to a particular place of worship is going to [hear a certain preacher. Persons among us who arrive late in the sanc tuary—and with some this is habitual—seem to think it a trivial shortcoming if they are in time for the sermon. Akin to this, is the idea fore most in the minds of many Christian people in connection with their visit to the house of God —the idea of getting good—of receiving profit, it were well, indeed, if none came up to ' the place of the holy'from a lower motive j but the godly man is surely capable of being prompted by a higher. Does he come to the church, as he goes to his counting-house, simply for what he can get by it ? Is the temple only a spiritual mart, to which the traffickers come with the ruling question, AYhat profit shall we have?' Should Christians not say, rather, as the Lord's Day dawns upon them with its sweet and hal lowed memories and associations, 'Oh, come let us worship the Lord; let us make a joyful noise unto tne rock of our salvation; let us come before His presence with thanksgiving; let us kneel before the Lord our Maker, for He is our God, and we are the people of His pasture, and the sheep of His hand.' Is there no gratitude springing from a sense of God's rich goodness, yearning for expression in the solemn hymn of praise ? Is there no im pression of the greatness, the excellence, the purity, and the condescension of God constrain ing the soul to adore and magnify His Holy name ? Is there no sense of sin and unworthi ness impelling the soul to the presence of God, to the feet of the Redeemer to confess and pray and trust ? It were well indeed if Christians, on repairing to the sanctuary, expected less from man, and rendered more glory to God, bringing into His courts the truest and devoutest offer ings of their hearts. They would find that a more excellent way, even in respect of profit, for then would the human ministry prove to them the vehicle of richer blessing. In the public worship of God, from the synagogue downwards, the service of song has had its place and its importance. Our view of this is that it should be as far as practicable congregational. ' Let the people praise the Lord.' If aninstru ment is used, if a choir, official or semi-official, is employed, these are in no wise to exercise vicarious functions—to praise God for or in place of the assembly; but they are to be held strictly subordinate and aux iliary to the general concert of the people in the exercise of praise. In this respect we have much to desire. Many good people appear in the church, and while God's praises are sung they are mere listeners and. spectators, as if they had received from God neither hearts nor voices. They thus withhold from common wor ship that which they ought to contribute, and deprive their fellow-worshippers of the aid which the sympathy of numbers is designed to afford. As to the character of the psalmody, let it be artistic if it may. The best of music, as well as well as the best of architecture, I should be consecrated to God; but it were a great calamity if, while gaining in artistic excel lence and effect, it became unclevout, not to say frivolus. . We do not think that the Author of all harmonies has any pleasure in harsh and ; discordant sounds; but we are sure that the rudest and most inharmonious strains of the most rustic congregation, if, at the same time, hearty and fervent, are more acceptable to the ear of God than the most artistic and har monious melodies, if with the understanding of song and the excellence of performance there is wanting the spirit of praise and the heart of devotion. There is no reason, however, why culture should be un devout in any department of God's service. There are reasons why culture should prove helpful to devotion. While we earnestly desire that those portions of the public service which axe more strictly worship may be of a more spiritual apd elevated character, we cannot afford in our time to assign to teaching in the sanctuary a lower position than it has occupied among us._ As Congregationalists we are but a small section of the great Church of Christ in •the world, but what position we have attained in that Church, and what influence pertains to that position, we owe very largely to the degree of intelligence and spiritual efficiency with which the truth of God has been proclaimed among us. We owe little to our organization except freedom from certain evils which may have entrammelied gothers. We owe little to wealth or prestige. &We; have inherited but a small share of these. But we owe much under God to the power and fidelity with which godly men among us, speaking verily as they were moved by the Holy Ghost, have preached the everlasting Gospel, and expounded the laws and principles of Christ's Kingdom. We honor the memory of the first Congregational pastor and the founder of the Congregational body in this land, and whose name {is to be permanently associated with this building. And to what does he owe the eminent position which the common voice of the Churches has assigned to him? Doubtless to a variety of things,, for he was endowed with a rare com bination of qualities; but mainly, I think, to the clearness and force, and consistency with which he proclaimed the truth of Christ, and advocated the interests of our common faith. ! And whatever may be wanting here in time to come, I pray that there may be provided for those who shall assemble a true, efficient, and faithful ministry of God's Holy Word. On such ministry depends in no secondary degree the edifying of the body of Christ—on such a ministry largely depends the conversion of sinners from the errors of their ways. Much as is effected in our day by the Sunday-school, the religious press, and other appliances, the preaching of the Gospel still occupies a foremost place among the agencies that God employs to save sinners, 1 to arouse the careless, the pre sumptuous awe, and turn the tide of souls another way.' And the objects for which this building has been raised will not be fulfilled if here sinners are not drawn to the uplifted Saviour—if here the sin-burdened and troubled soul does not find rest and peace—if here the voice of the prodigal is not heard saying, 'Bather, I have sinned'—if here the hearts of the contrite ones are not revived and blessed. God forbid that any Gospel should be preached here which shall not go down with its Divine remedy to the roots of man's need— which shall not reveal to him in his sin and wretchedness the Christ of God, the Christ in carnate, crucified, risen, and ever living to save. I trust that for generations to come the truth as it is in Jesus will be proclaimed here in it3 simplicity and in its fulness—for simple enough is it to meet the requirements of the humblest and most illiterate, and full and deep enough is it to satisfy the soul of the pro foundest philosopher, if while a great ' man in understanding' he i3 also 'a child in malice' and in heart. We have no reason to apprehend that amid the remarkable developments of the present day, and the foreshadowed develop ments of the future, the everlasting Gospel wrn be outstripped and left behind, an inanimate thing of the past. It is still young, and was never more vigorous; and we have a strong persuasion that if the preacher of the Gospel were up to his vocation, he would be found in the van of all true progress, and would hail in ids Master's name every light of philosophy, and every discovery of science, being assured that all truth, as well as all grace, centres in the fulness of Him by whom all things were made, and by whom all things consist. Referring again for a moment to the mutual relations and mutual dependence of worship and teaching, history has its lessons to read to us on this subject. One of these lessons is, that true and efficient teaching is essential to the purity and spirituality of worship. It has been observed by a wise man among Us, that 'Every age distinguished by an enlightened and earnest. Christianity has been an age no less distinguished by an enlightened and earnest preaching of the Gospel. In ages of superstition forms are raised into the place of instruction; in ages of piety instruction is raised into the place of forms. Separate from preaching, the meaning of external observances, even when of divine origin, is soon obscured and lost. It is only when allied with evangelical instruction that such things are assigned to their proper place, and used to their proper end. The mission of the Gospel is a mission to instruct and edify; but to instruct and edify is a service pertaining to the preacher and not to the ritualist. The end of religion may be worship, but the means to that end is instruction, and in struction mainly by preaching.' Such words deserve a hearing in view of certain ecclesiastical developments of our day. The. revival and ex tension of ritualism in churches of the Protes tant designation is one of the gravest, and, as we think, most humiliating facts in the reli gion of our day. It has been argued that this ritualistic revival is but the offspring of an architectural revival; that the revivers of Gothic art in ecclesiastical structures opened the door to the Ritualists,{and bade them enter. In other words, that a high Ritual worship, with all its ornate and costly appurtenances, is but the natural and necessary result of the revival of a better taste and feeling in our church architecture. _ It would not be difficult to establish a_ connection between any two things associated with religion; but that the connection between the architec tural and the ritual in this case is a necessary connection, we fail to perceive. Because some degree of the aesthetic is. appropriate and desir able in the externals of worship, it does not follow that there may not be ridiculous excesses and mischievous applications of it. I trust we need not assure our friends that in taking pos session of this Gothic building, we are not con scious of any secret proclivity towards an en- j largedritual; nor are we apprehensive that any thing that meets the eye in this place is likely to seduce us in the least degree from the Con gregational simplicity of our worship. We cherish a high regard for the Church of England —the old Church of our native land—and we should not be ashamed to imitate her in any thing that seemed to us good;. but .with that ritualistic movement, involving as it clearly does a large increase of the priestly element, we have no sympathy. To our eye it is a wholly retrograde movement, pointing to the dark ness of the middle ages. We can see nothing good ia it, nothing indifferent, except it may be regarded as a confession of weakness and want. Some zealous participants in the move ment have pleaded in its favor that they could not interest and attract the people by public teaching and the observances of a simple wor ship, and that therefore the ritual, and the symbolic were put in requisition. By these the people are interested, as evidenced by the • crowds who frequent the high ritual churches, while other churches near, who followin the old path, are well nigh deserted. But we seriously ask what is the value of the interest thus "ex cited ? Is it not of a very low type ? Are men really bettered by these ceremonials ? It would ill-beconm us, on the present occasion, to violate that charity which thinketh no evil, which hopeth all things; but we find it difficult to divest our mind of the notion that amid the Christian light of our time those high ritual performances in which vestments and attitudes are such conspi cuous features, look very like playing at religion. We are, indeed, assured that the Ritualists are eminently characterised by earnestness; still, / to our eye, it looks remarkably like the earnest- ■ nesss of children at their play. Is it the earnest-. ness of men who are really seeking to make ~eir. f?hpw men better by means adapted to enect it r—means adapted to. enlighten the mma, to improve the heart, to quicken the moral sensibilities, to elevate and transform the character to save the soul? Let any thoughtful man who hasbeen an eye-witness, or only amefital j!f!er o£ 01\e of these high ritual services, turn away and look into his New Testament and read one of Paul's Epistles, or our Lord's sermon on the Mount, and will he not find him self breathing a very different atmosphere and attending to a very different kind of teaching* How little is there in the life and teaching^ Christ on which a fabric of ritualism could be based? How few are His words respecting the two simple ordinances of His appointment baptism and the Lord's Supper ? But how fre quent and strong was His condemnation of the prevailing ritualism of His day! The ritualistic Pharisee was Christ's greatest human foe, and against him and his ritualism the strongest in dignation of the Holy One was directed. 1 In • this Church our desire will be to adhere to the Christian ritual in its simplest-form. We recognise no priesthood save that of Jesus and the common priesthood of all the saints. We believe in no mystic efficacy of rites and sacraments. We are all brethren' worshipping only the one living God, trusting onlyin the one Mediator, and looking for all spiritual results through the operation of the one Blessed Spirit. It is known to all present that the Church which we thus set apart for worship and for the proclamation of the Gospel is also de signed to be a memorial of our departed and reverend friend Mr. Stow. It is now nearly five yeara since he .finished his course, and entered interest; but though dead he yet speaketh. How familiar to us are his form and features, and sayings, and long will it be ere these gWll },» effaced from our minds. The erection of such a memorial is a work sanctioned by the piety and intelligence of all times. The godly Hebrews' of ancient times frequently put up their memo rial stones. They raised monumental objects' to perpetuate the memory of the Divine goodness • to them at special times and places,! that the past might often be recalled for the purposes of piety and devotion. And let it not be supposed that by this memorial we are aiming- merely at - the exaltation of the human. We desire to glorify God in man. We recognise the gifts , and excellencies with which God endowed our departed friend for the benefit of the Church and the colony. We perpetuate the_ memory of the ' Divine goodness'.- in having sent to this land one so eminently fitted for the position and circumstances in which he was placed. We express in a visible and per manent form our gratitude for all the good that was accomplished through his instrumentality. When our children and our chi1dr£n'g Whjldron shall ask their fathers in time to come what mean these stones ?—why is the building thus designated?—then they shall answer: Thus and thus has God dealt with our people in the past. But I must bring my remarks to a close. In an address given on an occasion like the present, the opening of jja church for the use of a par ticular denomination of Christians, [it is but natural that the denominational element should protrude itself somewhat prominently. But I would take the opportunity, as the minister and the representative of the people who hTisII .worship here, to assure our friends connected with other sections of the Christian. Church, that we earnestly desire to cherish not only good will but brotherly kindness toward all the mem bers of the body of Christ. We thank our friends of other churches and denominations for their kindly sympathy in the undertaking. • which is thus brought to a completion. We thank them for the evidence of their sym pathy by their presence to-night. And our ' earnest prayer is, that our common Lord and Saviour may be exalted, that our common faith may prevail, and that the land of our adoption, so highly favored in the providence of God, may become distinguished for all that is good, and noble, and great. One word more in conclusion; and I wish to say if especially to the members of our own congregation. We are assembled, my brethren, for the first time in a building dedicated to God's worship. Let us solemnly ask ourselves —are we now, and shall we be, if permitted to frequent this sanctuary, such worsmppers.as the Father seeketh to worship Him? We may have ■ much to do with the worship of God outwardly, and yet have no more part in the reality of that worship than has the building in which we meet. We believe that within these walls there shall rise up silently and progressively, through the ministry of the truth, and by the power of God's spirit, a spiritual house—a building of God, composed of lively stones, and resting on the foundations of the Apostles - and prophets, Christ himself being the chief / • corner-stone. Let us see that we are incorpo-. , rated with that building. Let us dread the thought of being the mere scaffolding as it were of the spiritual temple, having only a temporary connexion with it, to be pulled down and cast away when the work is finished. Oh,, that all who ^ shall assemble here may ^pd ■■ themselves built into God's living and ever lasting temple, whose foundations no changes • can effect, whose^ beauty no lapse of time can impair, and which shall appear in its full grandeur when all earthly structures have - perished." ' " . The address was listened to. with the most - profund attention, and at the close a collection " t mi - . X x;„„ was made. The service terminating with- - Scripture reading ahd prayer, and the benedic- ; ~T tion by the Kev. A. Bigg. SUNDAY SERVICES. .. . ' On Sunday, April 14, the opening sermons were preached. The morning service was con ducted by the Eev. A. M. Henderson, of Mel bourne, formerly of Claremont Chapel, London, and after worship the rev. gentleman seleeted as the basis of his discourse, the following - words from Isaiah, 57th chap. 15th verse :— . " For thus saith the high ana lofty One that' inhabiteth eternity, whose name is Holy;' I dwell in the high and_ holy place, with Him also that is of a contrite and humble spirit, to revive the spirit of the humble, and to re vive the heart of the contrite ones." Mr. Henderson, in his exordium, referred to the time and circumstances under which the words of his text were spoken by the prophet— a time when the wicked king Manasseh, having departed from the ways of his father, reared the altars of a shameless idolatry throughout the land, and when the people were utterly degene rate and debased. These sins the. prophet had to expose with an unshrinking hand. He told them that Jehovah would jpour out his anger upon them, and that his fearful desolations would come upon them ; but, lest the people' should tremble and have no hope, he uttered the words of divine consolation in the text, which while exhibiting the majesty of the living God, also presented an aspect of His wondrous condescension, loving kindness, and mercy.. These _topics would occupy their atten tion that morning.—1st. The Majesty of God; 2nd. His condescending mercy. Referring to . the Scripture references to God as "The high and lofty One," as the sign by which the pro phets set forth the infinite perfection of Go^ His Government of all tilings; lie pro ceeded to remark tliat tlio Being who was the fount of all beings and of all perfection, must himself he infinitely perfect. He was perfec tion of power, for although He had spread the heavens as a curtain, and created the infinite worlds^ of space, these were but portions of His ways. As they looked through out _ the wide creation they saw His por • feption of wisdom; in the magnitude of the heavens and the mighty orbs which tenanted space; in the regularity of their movements and the laws which had guided them since they were first set on their course; in the processes of growth, decay, dissolution, and reproduction, and in the wondrous adaptation of all these to the production of even the tiniest flowers at •«4kieir feet and in the universal joyousness of | ■nature. His majesty was shown, too, in that He had the government of all beings. However exalted.a man might be above his fellows, his highest grandeur could be brought to the dust by the word of God. Those creatures of dark ness who had disobeyed His will_ were cast down and bound in everlasting chains ; and those spotless beings in Heaven, the mightiest poten tates who stood before the Throne, rendered their loftiest homage to God. The next expres sion in the text was .equally striking—'' that inhabiteth eternity." God's eternity was im pressed upon them by the Scripture statements with greater force than almost any other truth, and reason brought precisely the same testimony respecting it. Everything on the earth bore the mark of having been produced; and this carried them up to thra First Cause, himself unproduced, and thus they reached the convie ; tion that He must be self- existent, and eternally existent. The eternity of God was one of the ultimate facts of the reason of man, and it was utterly impossible for man ever to blot it out from the record of his thinking. Having dwelt somewhat further on the eternity of God, he passed on to the consideration of the holiness of God, ".whose name is holy." This attribute • was frequently ascribed to Him in Scripture, but in addition to this, conscience—God's vice gerent in man—the long line of history, and the glorious revelations of isaiah and of the Apoca lypse, bore the same testimony. The dwelling place of God was next considered. " I dwell in thehigh and holyplace," and some of the theories which hadbeenputforward respectingit, werere ferredto.- Butalthonghhedweltinthe "highand holy place," he dwelt also "withHimwhois of a i contrite andhumble spirit." This, then, revealed j to them God's condescending mercy. The rev. gentleman spoke very eloquently upon this point, showing how, although God could have no sympathy with sin, he was condescending enough to receive the chief of sinners, if they were humble, contrite, and penitent, and that, if in this spirit they came to him " he would revive the spirit of the humble, and revive the heart of the contrite ones." Before closing he urged them, as they now dedicated that new Church to God, to work heartily and unitedly j in His cause. That house was nothing unless He himself should inhabit it, and he therefore exhorted them to pray'that this great end might be achieved; that in that place God's goings forth might be seen, and that many im mortal souls might he brought into his fold. In j conclusion he appealed to the liberality and generosity of the congregation, to aid by their gifts in removing from the building the debt | which was attached to it, and thus make the dedication of this new house of prayer more ac ceptable to Him to whose service it w dedicated. In .the afternoon the Bev. J. Jefferis, LL.B., officiated, and preached from Galatians, 5th chapter 1st verse, " Stand fast therefore in the liberty .wherewith Christ hath made us free, and be not entangled again with the yoke of bondage." After referring to these services as appropriately accompanying the dedication of a new house to God, he said that such occasions had always been deemed specially fitted for the assertion of the great and distinct principles of Christianity. It was natural at such time to ask.for what purpose they had assembled, why was this building erected, what worship would be celebrated there,' what doctrines be taught within those walls? He purposed that after noon to direct their attention to a movement of great magnitude whieh was taking place among the Christians of England; he referred to the Ritualistic movement, but he should not do so in any sectarian spirit,"or with any controversial aim", than which there was nothing he more intensely hated. He then referred to the rise of ritualism within the pale of the National Church of England, remarking that a move ment countenanced as this was by a Church, endowed with the offerings of the wealthy, exercising almost complete control over the two great English Universities, could not take place without exerting a mighty influence upon Eng land and upon Christendom at large. He then proceeded to draw a parallel between the Church at Galatia at the time when Paul wrote and the Church of Britain at the present day. Shortly after Paul had established the Church at Gala tia the fervor of his converts began to decline, and they longed for the material and symbolical worship of their fathers. The present ritualistic movement had points of similarity with the con dition of the Galatian Church. The two great signs of the times, as far as he had been able to read them, were—the spirit of association with its liberty, and the hierachy with its tyranny. After a period of deep prostration the priest- hood had again encroached upon Christian free dom ; and there were two chief modifications of this spiritual despptism—tyranny of that which was outward over the senses and the imagina tion—this was Ritualism proper; and the tyr anny of the human will acting upon mind and heart—which was Ritualism in its effects. He then proceeded to discuss these topics. Ritual ism, he said, demanded the magnificent service of the medieval Church, in which everything should be ornate and gorgeous, and stately; and the arguments advanced in favor of it were—that it was authorised by Scrip ture that it was based upon the practice of the ancient Church, and that it was emi nently calculated to impress for good the masses of the people, He denied that Scripture—the Gospels and Epistles especially, justified Ritualism, and he condemned the idea of re verting to old institutions long since defunct. On the third point he asked whether the means adopted by the ritualists would succeed in their object in instructing the masses. He had often stood in the magnificent cathedrals of Europe, and he had felt a reverential awe and a tumultuous passion by. turns, but emotions of sentiment could' not inform the mind or teach the heart. Nor did the results of ritualistic worship bear out "the assertion put forward that ritualism alone was calculated to instruct the masses. Let Rome witness. There sacerdotal splendor flourished, and there was not a more benighted or ignorant population in Europe than in Rome. But "a heavier charge against the ritualistic theology was that it advocated a system which was nothing less than a code of spiritual tyranny; the priesthood being set up over the individual will and heart. History showed tha the despotism of ministers of religion was greatly to be dreaded, and hence religious despotism needed to be checked in its very beginnings. This despotism made the clergyman a priest, bade him minister at an altar, and offer the very body and very blood of the Divine Victim; charges him to pronounce the baptised regenerate; places him in the confessional to probe the deep secrets of the human soul; entrusts him with the awful power of absolution. "Was he wrong in calling this spiritual despotism, or denouncing it as high treason? Did their spiritual guides a9k them to submit to anything like,this ? A mighty majority stood forth to say "No;" in the name of God and of truth, eter nally, "No;" and across the ages, the voice of the great Apostle came like the sound of a trumpet, " Standfast in the evil day; standfast in the liberty wherewith Christ has made us free, and be not entangled again with the yoke of bondage." But was there any real cause for alarm that British Christianity would go away into heresy on the one hand, or superstition on the other ? He had confidence in the English nation as a Bible reading and Bible loving people, and ho had confidence, too, in the simple, straight forward common sense of his fellow-subjects to think they would not be easily duped by the subtleties of philosophers or of religious pro fessor?. Their fathers had poured out their best bland in the cause of religious freedom, and they should seek to secure for their children what they'themselves now enjoyed. The rev. gen tleman, in closing, thus referred to the reverend minister to whose memory the church was built • —" My brethren, we honor to-day, with such reverence as we are permitted to render to a fellow mortal, a' great and gifted man. This church is a memorial of his piety and of his work. But a nobler monument is reared to the name of Thomas Qninton Stow. He was the foremost champion of Religious Liberty in this province; his name is written largely on our religious institutions. Chiefly to him, under God, is it due that the churches of this land were so early emancipated from State control. Throughout his career as a minister for Christ he contended for liberty in all its forms and against all its foes. He rests from his labors and his works do follow him; Ms faith, fully considering the end of his conversa tion, Jesus Christ the same yesterday, to-day, and for ever. And this day is our hope. We look to Christ as our Saviour; we regard His Gospel as the charter of freedom. We pray for | His spirit to lead us into all truth; and come I what will let us hold fast our profession, and with loyalty to our deliberately formed convic tions—not mere opinions picked up at random —let us contend against everything in the Church which _He has not sanctioned and blessed. His voice will encourage us; Hia hand alone shall lead us. We trust to Him as our priest, we obey Him as our prophet, we re verence Him as our king, and joyfully we look forward to the time when all the kingdoms of this_world shall become the kingdoms of Christ, until that brightest manifestation of His sove reignty, when he shall come in the clouds of heaven with power and with great glory." The evening service was conducted by the Rev. Mr. Henderson. The Church was densely crowded on the occasion—not only were all the seats occupied, but many persons stood through out the service, and the porticos were occupied by numbers who failed to get inside the budd ing. Mr. Henderson preached from 1st John, 5th chap., 11th and 12th verses:—" This is the record that God hath given to us, eternal life, and this life is in His Son. He that hath the Son hath life, and he-that hath not the Son of God hath not life." The rev. gentleman, in opening, referred to the three testimonies given in this chapter to the important truth that Jesus Christ was born of God—the Spirit, the water, and the blood. The testimony of the water he took to be the baptism of Jesus by J ohn. The baptism of John was a baptism of repentance; but Christ had no sin, therefore he needed no repentance, and the rite, so far as his person was concerned, was unnecessary and false; but in his character as representative of sinnera, baptism was suitable and proper, for by this first act he identified himself with man's position. "The blood"brought to them the other part of His mediatorial work, and the tes timony of the spirit was the medium by which conviction was brought into the heart of a Divine Redeemer, and so long as there re mained a sinner to be convinced and brought to the knowledge of Christ, so long would these three testimonies be of value. He then proceeded to draw the attention of his hearers to three things—first, the gift of God here recorded; second, the medium through which the gift is bestowed upon us; and, third, the relation of different classes to it. The gift recorded was eternal life, and the preacher dwelt with great fervor upon this topic, explain ing the meaning of "eternal life," which, he said, was the forgiveness of sin. He alluded to the various departments into which life was classified—into animals intellectual, moral, and religious life, showing how life, to be valuable, must be religious life; and to be saving, must be eternal. He drew a contrast between the spiritual deadness of Saul of Tarsus, John Bunyan, John Newton, and Thomas Chalmers, in their earlier days, and the religious life which they afterwards lived; showing how the same burning zeal and earnestness of purpose which characterised them in their sin were brought to bear for good when their hearts had been touched by the love of Christ and their whole lives devoted to His cause. This life, although eternal, wpuld not .be substan tially different from what it was upon the earth; it would, only change in the conditions and circumstances through which it passed. On the second head (the medium through which this gift was bestowed) he said this life was given unto us through Christ, and was revealed unto us in the life and death and resurrection of the Saviour. "With regard to the mediation of Christ, there were men who rejected the doctrine of Christ's mediation alto gether, and in reply he proceeded to point out how thoroughly and fully the principle of mediation was shown in human life and human society, remarking that there was not a single blessing which we enjoyed that did not come through mediation; and that whilst this work of mediation harmonised with the general principles of nature, it infinitely superseded them all. He dwelt earnestly upon the last topic of Ms discourse (the relation of this gift to different classes) showing that while those who had the Son had life, those also who believed not the Son had not life, and pressing home the solemn truth upon their hearts, and entreating them fondly and earnestly to flee from the WTath of God, and close with the wondrously loving offers which He had made. He hoped it would be well that they had spent that hour together, and might that service in after time be thought of with pleasure by all. The rev. gentleman's sermon occupied an hour and 20 minutes in de livery, and was most attentively listened to throughout. On each occasion collections were made. THE LECTURE. On Monday evening, April 15, the Rev. Mr. Henderson lectured in the new Church in aid of the Building Fund, when there were about 500 persons present. Prayer having been offered by the Rev. Sir. Mead, Mr. Thomas Gbaves presided, and in intro ducing the lecturer, said in February, 1865, the Rev. Mr. Graham delivered a lecture, and he was then called upon to preside also. At that time they had a great work before them, as they contemplated erecting a noble place for the worsMp of God, and also to the memory of a name wMch was dear to most of them. He trusted that they were not disappointed. He knew some friends considered that that building was too costly and good, and others thought it too ornamental. He could not, however, agree with these views. As a house for the worsMp of God it could not be too good; nor could any thing to commemorate the name of Mr. Stow be too good—(hear, hear)—and he felt that although they might have some uphill work to clear off the debt wMch remained on the build ing, they had only done their duty, and had perhaps fallen short of their duly. He had taken an interest in that church wMch had not been surpassed by any one. He trusted that the house built for worsMp there, would bring many souls to Christ. He hoped that health and strength would be given to their dear pastor that he might worsMp, and give forth the truth as it is in Jesus, 'and, if so, instead of that building being too large, they would find it was well filled. He felt indebted to Mr. Henderson for visiting them thus. He called upon Mm in Melbourne, and was gratified to find that he readily acceded to his request to come over and open the church, if it met the approval of the friends in Adelaide. He was now amongst them, and he trusted that it would not be. for the last time, and also that their dear pastor might sometimes be able to visit Melbourne, as he thought he would find tMs more beneficial to Ms health than his occasional trips into the country. At the time of the last lecture to wMch he had referred, it was mentioned as desirable that the ministers of the various colonies should exchange pulpits, but little had yet been done to carry tMs out. The solo "Comfort Ye," and the chorus " And the Glory of the Lord," were then sung. The Rev. Mr. Henderson then commenced Ms lecture upon " Nature and Man," and for a space of nearly two hours and a-half, he des canted with an eloquence, and force wMch enchained the attention of his hearers through out. It is hardly possible within the limits of a newspaper report, to give even the briefest epitome of Ms splendid lecture. After referring to the apparent rashness of rushing upon _ a subject so large ' and comprehensive, including all the things in Heaven and earth, and under the earth, he men tioned a few things for the purpose of preventing Ms audience supposing that he intended to dwell on all these. As a student of truth, he had been led into wide fields of research, and in the course o.f his enquiries he had observed a system and harmony in all things. He had seen that no part was isolated from another part, but that all the parts were related to each other, and formed oneuMversal whole. In thissystemhehad discovered that a final cause existed, and on enquiry as to what being it was in wMch all these causes found their goal, he discovered that it was a being occupying a pre-eminent position, anc that being was man—the last creature made by God, and for. whom all things had been created. He therefore thought it well to speak on the subject of nature and man, and indi ate these relations, and show how it was that man stood at the head of them all. There was another light in which he had been led to look at nature in relation to man—that of revelation to him; and just as nature did occupy that position—a certain mediatory relation— awakening certain thoughts, evoking certain principles^ in the mind, and leading up to a higher Being, he thought that a discussion upon such subjects as "Nature and Man," and " The Bible and Man" would do something to raise the tone of thought, infusing religiousness into the one, and breadth of liberality in the other. This then was why he lectured on the first of these subjects. _ He would not be expected to deliver anything in the form of a natural theology, for he would take it for granted that all present held the conviction that there ■was a God. He hoped also that he should not be expected veiy rigidly to define his subjects. Definitions had puzzled the philosophers , of all time, and the old Greeks 'and Romans understood by the term nature, something which was ever produ cing and being produced, never perfect and completed. He could not either define man, but he would furnish them with some of the definitions which had been given on this subject. He alluded to some of the definitions of man which had been given, such as a laughing annual, tool-using animal; but he said these terms, as with nature, failed to condense into one sentence all the characteristics belonging to him. Nevertheless, however, they knew what was included in the terms nature and man, although unable to define them. They meant simply that collection of forms and impersonal powers surrounding and belonging to man, and he should ask them to occupy a position just where these things met and touched each other. He should then speak to them of the relation of nature to man physically, intellectually, aesthetically, and religiously. Upon the first head, he said no creature was so grand and majestic as man, notwithstanding his inferiority in size to some animals, but he was composed of no rare elements, but simply of the dust of the earth. And here was wisdom ; for if he were made of [elements exceedingly rare how would it be possible for so many of these works of God's hands to exist. Looking at it physic ally all things in nature sustained an intimate relation to him. _ The earth, for instance, was re lated to man in its size. The law of gravitation ever _ attracted in measure of its weight and density.^ Take vegetation for instance. Let the gravitating power of the earth be increased and the mechanical power of plants remain as at present, and there would be no powerto send up the sap. On the other hand, if the gravitating power was lessened, and the vital power of plants unaltered, they would send up the sap with too much vigor and destroy their own purposes. Then look at the earth's relation to the motion and respiration of man. If the earth were as large as Jupiter, the attractive power would be 11 times greater than at present, and man would be a kind of crawling animal, and every motion would be accompanied with great pain; and if the attractive power were less than at present, there would be a want of that force, drawing him to the centre, and he would not feel firmly planted .on the earth. So with the atmos phere. If it were denser every breath that was drawn would give pain to the creature. As far, top, as they were able to judge the earth occupied the best position for light and heat. Think of its complex motions—its motion round the sun within the course of the year giving the variety of the seasons—its motion round its own axis giving day and night. What advantage were these motions in their relation to the vegetable kingdom? Take, for instance, the seasons. Nature required all these. She wanted winter for re3t and conso lidation; spring for revivification; summer for putting forth her flower and maturing vigor; and autumn to bring forth the matured fruit. Take away the seasons or ahv of them, and to that_ extent they would destroy the fruit bearing trees. The present economy of the globe was the only one suited to the existence of man. Let them cany thought back to the early time when the earth first permanently assumed the spherical form—when it was heaving with volcanic throes—when the solitude and silence were broken only by the thundering bursts from some new volcano. Man could not have lived then in that intense heat. Come uip through the age3 to the carboniferous period, and see if man could have lived then. True, the earth had never been arrayed in a more beautiful robe than at that time, but the very name of the age showed that the atmosphere was composed of carbonic acid gas, which was destructive to life. Look at another period— the secondary oolitic age, when the gigantic Lcthyosaurus, megiosaurus_, and those other monsters of fearful shape lived upon the earth, and it would be seen that it would have re quired a condition physical and mental wholly different to what man now possessed. So it was that in no period back along the whole line of the age3 did they find a condition of the earth suitable to the existence cf man until that in which he now lived. But they must not tbink that these past ages had no relation to them. They were indebted to the carboniferous period for their granite, their porphyry, their slate, their diamond, their - coal. The oolitic age gave them their limestone, which were the remains of the life and death of the creatures which flourished then. Those volcanic forces to which he had referred were making de posits of iron and of other minerial treasures which brought such wealth to man, and giving beauty to the earth by the upheaval of the mighty mountains. .Let no one, then, speak irreverently of the science of geology which re vealed all the wondrous preparations of God for the coming man, but rather let them fall m prostrate adoration before Him who, from the foundations of the world, had been making ready for his happiness. (Cheers.) He then proceeded in thought below the surface of the earth, revealing the riches of the mineral king dom and their wondrous adaptation of its pro ducts to the use of man—the stone for their buildings, the marble for their sculpture, the coal for their houses and ships, and the thou sand other uses to which it was put; the diamond, too, and glass which, though not a mineral product, was produced by man out of the materials provided. "Who should speak of the comfort it afforded in their dwellings, or the revelations of the heaven which it made to the astronomer? How valuable, too, was gold and silver for their coins and medals, furniture and ornaments; but more precious even than gold, or silver, or copper, was iron, which, by its malleability, ductility, and fusi bility,. .was so eminently suited to the uses of man, and without which the race must sink to barbarism. Quicksilver, too—the only metal which was .in a liquid state-—was precious to. man, for without it the baromet-rr and ther mometer, [with all their incalculable benefits, would be without use to him. Coming up to the vegetable and animal creation, he said it was here that they derived all their food and clothing, without which all the rest would be useless. Look at the cereals and the esculents affording food, to man; the cocoanut, the tea plant, the vine, affording drink to him; the flax and the cotton giving him his clothing; the magnificent trees of the forest forming his houses. This was the ministry of the vegetable creation to man, and then there was the ministry of the animal creation too. It was not needful to speak of the. domestic animals—the ox, the swine, the sheep, which supplied the food cf man; of the noble horse, which ran by his fleet ness the errands of man, whichbent by his docility to the will of a_ child, which carried by his courage the warrior to the resistless charge. Nor was it necessary to dwell upon the dog, that constant faithful guardian of his master's property, that unbribed and incorruptible friend —for he could not do these themes justice. There was one thing, too, in the relation of ve getables and animals to man which he could not pass, namely, the distribution of these in various parts of the earth. This distribution was very singular, being suited to the precise wants of mnn. In the South Sea Islands and in the Indies the cocoanut afforded food and clothing and materials for the dwellings of man. In South America, too, there was_ the date-tree, which was said to afford wine, oil, vinegar, and clothing. Such plants belonged to specific parts of the globe, and rendered their own essential services there. And so with animals. In the north there were the whale and the seal, which gave oil and warmth to man there; and the musk-ox and reindeer, which supplied him with food and with furs; these latter animals being able to feed oh the scanty vegetation to be found in the snow. If they looked over the broad temperate zone, they would see the ox, the ass, the horse pre pared forman, but where sandy deserts stretched interminably, there was the camel, with special organization for work in that climate. Having glanced at the universal diffusion of the dog, referring to the variety of ways in which it had proved faithful and serviceable to man, he turned to the consideration of water, of the pe culiar value of which they were, he said, all aware. It entered into all things necessary for life, and, however much it might be questioned, it constituted three-fourths of the human body. He spoke of it9 utility domestically—how it assistedthe fertility of the soil—how in the shape of rivers, it became the boundaries of nations, and facilitated commerce, and how on the ocean it temporised the heat, purified the atmo sphere, and formed the great highway between one country and another, ° thus enabling the interchange of products. He explained the different processes of the con densation, expansion, and evaporation of water, showing how each and all aided in the general design of sustaining life. Passing from the sub ject of water, he spoke of the atmosphere, which he stated was composed of 21 parts of oxygen and 79 parts of nitrogen and some other gases. He lucidly showed what mischief the increase or diminution of these proportions would effect and described their wonderful adaptation one with the other in the sustenance of animal and vegetable life. Alluding to light, he dwelt in eloquent terms upon its marvellous ministra tions to the being and well-being of man. It woke his faculties to vigor and joy ; it guided him in his course through the day ; it exhibited to him scenes of loveliness and grandeur; it re vealed to him the smile of friendship and the witching charm of beauty; and, without the slightest exaggeration, it might be said it painted the lily and perfumed the violet. He referred to the weight of air, and stated how many tons of it were pressed upon man, which pressure was counterbalanced by the vital forces within him. He depicted in poetic language the use and blessings of air in motion, from the g&Ie; that shook a continent to the gentle zephyr that fanned the cheek of the invalid; and then passed on to' the consideration of man viewed intellectually. Rapidly and suc cinctly he traced the first glimmerings of sci ence as developed in the primeval races, and coming down to the time of the ancient Grecians, he said it was amongst these that the first true thought of scientific order was found. He referred to the first philosopher of Greece, who predicted an eclipse of the sun, and who handed down the idea that water wa3 the first cause of all things as a thought for succeeding ages. _ Then came Anaximenes, who carried his investigations still further, and determined that air was the first cause of things. Follow ing him was Diogenes, who came to the con clusion that the earth was a great animal; and he was succeeded by Anaxenor of Miletus, with whom the Infinite was the original prin ciple of things. Pythagoras was the next, and he stood before them as one of the most gigantic shadows of antiquity. This thinker gave it forth that numbers were the principle of all things, and things were but the shadows of numbers—a thought, the lecturer said, of the most pervasive character. Then come Zeno phanes,_ the believer in one God, infinite and perfect inpower, in goodness, and wisdom. After mentioning a few others, with the theories they left behind them, he spoke of that wonderful man Socrates, whose sharp interrogations put an end to all scheming on this subject. Socrates was not a student of nature. He went twice only out of the City of Athens—once when he went forth as a soldier, and succeeded in doing deeds that appalled an army, and once when he was led backwards out of it by a wit, one of his students. Wherever there was a man who thought he had wisdom, and who announced his intention of making it publicly known, there Socrates might be found, with keen eye watch ing and lips ready to question, and show the speaker that he knew nothing. Socrates him self professed to no great attainments. He was always saying—"I know nothing;" and yet men shrank before him, knowing how he could expose their ignorance. It had been said that Socrates had brought down philosophy from heaven to earth, and this was achieved by his leading men to look within and regard things instead of word3. Plato, one of his pupils, had left behind, in his inimitable dialogues, speci mens of his master'3 questions, and had adorned them with comments and remarks of his own grand views and ideas, which empha tically made the work one of the highest efforts of human thought. Plato, how ever, was not a student of nature. It was to the immortal Aristotle that they must look as nature's student—a man of such marvellous industry that he seemed to comprise within himself &t; least a hundred men—a man who had studied nearly every science and brought it to a state of perfection not previously known—a man from whom he, the lecturer, had gained not a little of the information of that which preceded his time. His tieatise on animals proved his accuracy of observation, and his classification was really wonderful, considering the appliances at his command. He had left an enduring name, for the world lay under others, he came down to the great Bacon, who, he said, dashed_ to earth all the fallacies that had gone before him. Since his time thousands had undertaken the study of nature and endea vored to expose his secret; and coming down to their own present position, if they wanted to know the authorities upon physical science he would point to Sir John Herschell, John Stuart Mill, a nd many others; or if they wanted^ to study astronomy he could recom mend the works of Hynde, Herschell, and Pro fessor Nicholl, whose thoughts upon this sublime subject reached the veiy throne of the Eternal. In geology, he would urge them to peruse the writings of his own master, Sir Charles Lyell, whose opinions upon the origin of species had he hoped now turned to more reasonable one3 than those laid downin his " Atiquity of Man." He could also commend the works of Sir R. Murchison, Hugh Miller, Dana, ?and Cedric, from all of whom in this field of science they would gain information and profit. "When he saw young men loitering about at the "Old Curiosity Shop," and wasting their precious time upon such like productions, while wealth inexhaustible lay at their feet unheeded, he was pained at heart; and he urged those present to turn from such trifling and learn to contemplate the works of God as displayed in His wonderful operations throughout nature. (Cheers.) After a humorous allusion to Darwin and Huxley, and a word or two upon the 'injurious tendency of their works, which instead of leading them to regard man as the highest creation on earth, placed him as one of the furthest projec tions of God's wisdom and power, he pro ceeded to refer to Pythagoras's grand thought about numbers, and to show how it pervaded everything. If they took the elements of che micals, or looked'at crystals, or flowers, or light, or heat, they would find this principle of num bers and geometric forms pervading each and all. In chemistry they could not make the ele ments combine as they wished; there must be so many grains. Then, with regard to crystals, there were so many numbers of sides; and if they investigated the vegetable kingdom, they would find the numbers -3, 5, 7, 10, with their multiples, abounding everywhere. . It was so with flowers also; and withrespect to light and heat, they were so many vibrations of air and no more. Then, too, the laws of heaven were geometric laws; for if they read they would see that Newton and Galileo made all their grand discoveries by the aid of mathematics. No won der, then, that a great thinker should exclaim " Man carries in his brain the geometry of the world." Numbers governed principles. The revSrend gentleman closed this part of his lec ture by a reference to the uniformity of law, and a quotation from Hooker on the point. He then proceeded to consider nature in its relatipn to man - sesthetically and religiously. After describing the respective functions of imagination and fancy, he combatted the argu ment that all beauty came to man by associa tion. If so, he said, nature mu9t have -been a cheerless blank to Adam until his associations had been formed; but not so was it, for when the mind comes in contact with external nature emotions of beauty must arise. "Whp, looking upon the earth, could say that it was not made for beauty? Lopk at the mountains piled up and piercing the clouds, the vast table lands, the illimitable plains, the rolling prairies; look at the gentle undulation of hill and dale; look at its rich and glorious robe-of vegetation, and ask were these not made'for beauty ? Look, too, at the fretwork of the heavens, at the rain bow as it smiled from the face of the storm cloud— " My heart leaps up when I behold A rainbow in the 3ky, So was it when my life began, So is it now I am a man, So be it when I shall grow old, Or let me die," And did not the ocean speak in similar language when it rose in furious wrath to dash against the continents, or when again it was spread out in calm beneath the sky—the mirror of the Deity. Yes, nature was made to give man a sensation of beauty, and man was made to receive it. And now he had to touch upon his last point—Nature as a revelation to man, not as a revelation of God, to man but as a reve lation of man to himself. Nature revealed to man his own littleness. He was the highest . and fairest part of creation, and yet he was one ! of the most dependent creatures on the earth. There was not a clod beneath his feet which he could do without—there was not a plant which was growing but for his use. That very air which was the breath of life to him might waft the miasma which should cause his death; the house he lived in might become his tomb; the water he drank might contain the subtle poison which should destroy his life. He stood, Nature's poor pensioner, shuddering in every breeze. And if ne stood thus in relation to the earth what was his relation to the heavens ? The sun was 1,300,000 times as largo as the earth, and if man was but a speck here, what must he be in relation to the sun? Think again that the sun was but the younger brother of millions of Buns throughout space—that the milky way were as nebulse and "sand-banks" of worlds, lying so far away that light transmitted from them occupied 2,000,000 of years in reaching the earth, travel ling at the rate of 12,000,000 of miles a minute. Look again at the discoveries which had been revealed by Lord Bosse's telescope, through which .he had the honor of gazing with Hia Lordship when it was turned upon the heavens only for the second or third time. This tele scope had brought into view worlds from which _ light occupied 30,000,000 of years in travelling to the earth, and upon these worlds also fell the flooding star- beams of suns still farther away. Oh, it was when they came to look at this that man felt he was as a drop in the bucket, as the mere dust in the balance, in comparison with God's vast creation. And yet, strange astheparadox might seem, that creation exposed his greatness. Andherehe would bring in that truthful sentiment of Pascal, "Man is but agreed, the feeblest in nature, but he is a thinking reed." The power of thought was the evidence of man's supremacy. It wa3 the fact that he could contemplate those starry worlds, but they could not contemplate him ; the fact that he could weigh their bodies with instruments of his own invention; the fact that he couhl climb from star to star, calculating their orbits and movements, which gave man his grand superority over them all. He was made only of the dust of the earth, but he had the thinking principle in him; and while he could turn to corruption and say "Thou art my mother," and to the worm and say "Thou art my brother and sister," he could also turn to the sun, which gave them light and heat, and say "The sun is but a globe of fire, A transient meteor in the sky; The soul immortal as his sire Shall never die." But while nature revealed all this to man it was still an inadequate revelation to him. It- told him of God, it told of himself ; it t9ld of all the things he had tried to point out; but what more? Could it tell hi™ how a sinner might be raised; how the burden of his transgression might be taken away; how his impure heart might be purified; how his de graded nature might be sanctified and raised to God ? Could it fill up the infinite void in the soul which existed between him and his Ever lasting Father? Oh, no. It was true that nature had many a panacea for mam It gave him water to quench his thirst, and the wind to cool his brow; lput never yet had any one seen a message of pardon written round the stars. Oh, no. Nature was but the outer court of God's great temple. _ In that outer court there was an altar of sacrifice, but it wa3 only when He who is God and man came to present himself on that _ altar as a sacrifice for human trans gression ; only when the heart of man, passing through all that belonged to the outer coiirt, pressed to the altar of sacrifice and lay it there on that altar which sanctified the gift; only then was it that he could find true peace; only then have the revelation complete when it met the spiritual one. Nature was that by which they rose to this, but nature failed them here and left man to the grace of the everlasting Father. blight God teach1 them these things. The rev. gentleman con cluded amidst loud applause, which greeted him also at intervals during the delivery of hif lecture. ! The Choir then sang " Gloria in Exeelsis," after which, Mr. C. H. Goode proposed a vote of thanks to the lecturer. He remarked that he thought Mr. Henderson might have defined man as a church and chapel building animal. He re joiced that the erection of that noble Church had been the means of inducing Mr. Henderson to come over and open it, and he hoped it would not be the last of his visits. He thought a federation of the colonies in this respect would do a great deal of good. He congratulated the colonists of Victoria with having induced such a man as Mr. Henderson to come amongst them and instruct their young men to preach forcibly the Gospel of Christ. He wished him very much success in the insti tution over which he had the honor to preside. The Hon. Thos. English seconded the motion, remarking that Mr. Henderson had | given them a treat, which he thought they would long remember. The motion was canid by acclamation. The Eev. Mr. Hendebson thanked them, and remarked that he did not think it within the bounds of possibility for him to promise to go much about. He was pleased for the expression of sympathy towards the College over which he had the honor of presiding. He urged them not to build a College, for it wa3 a very expensive I affair, but he promised that if they would only send their young men to Melbourne j they would send them back as good as they could make out of the material sent, and charge as little for doing it as they charged their own students. (Laughter and cheers.) He should not forget the kindness of his friend in the chair in asking him to come over, and he was sorry that he was compelled to be back in Melbourne by Sunday next. His heart, however, was drawn towards them, for there was a spirit amongst them of the truest and best character. "When Mr._ Goode referred to another definition of man, their good pastor whispered to him that he hoped they might call him a money getting I animal. (Laughter.) He, too, trusted that soon j that church would be freed from debt, and the whole of their resources spent in the work of the Church. | The proceedings were closed by the doxology and benediction. | ["We shall give the concluding portion of the proceedings in connection with the above in our ] issue of to-morrow.] ' 