A NICE LOT. SoMK time ago public attention was'called to •;-,disgraceful scenewhich occurred near Gi- .• •l»ra~ltar, arising from the unexpected return : . from New Zealand of an injured husband, Mr. W—, ib his faithless wife, who had been consoled in- 'his absence by a gay Lothario, named-A—. readers- may remember "that the infuriate husband pursued the 8festroyer of his household happiness (who was almoBt ina state of nudity at the time) aoross sluice dams and water pools, until he ; effected MB escape under cover of the darkness of l;he night.' . The husband then returned, and, after threshing his wife for her infideli ty, again loft his home.' It now appears that •after W-T'S second departure, A— soon found his way back to the habitation of the wife, and took up his abode with her as before. Thus the pair 1 -lived together in apparent security till Sunday last, when like the ghost in Don Juan, to mar their happiness, the husband again made his appearance, accompanied by a horse and dray, for the purpose . of taking the wife of his bosom and his house- : hold goods away from the sphere of A—at- 'tractions. The second act of the domestio drama then commenced by W— administering tohis -wife ^a. sound * connubial " lambasting," while the canslw the mischief, A—, sat on a heap of ..- tailings a ssort distance off, and gave vent to •••.•: his exci^;feeling8 in a flood of briny tears. At len^h thinking that the chastisement ..had gone far enough he delicately interfered by poking in at the door a pole some-ten feet in. length, following-up the attack with a shower of stones. '^The weeping'Helen was then permitted to 'step outside in rather a state of disliqbiUe, and while she dressed A— went in and " bearded the lion in his den." A combat ensued of the most determined description, both combatants being covcred with'wounds and blood. After a while howeyer, an adjournment was made by all the parties to a neighboring store, where some slight refreshments were partaken of, and the disconsolate lady asked the advice of the bystanders as to. what her course of conduct should be. " How happy could I be with either, were t'other dear charmer away," was the burden of her lament, and it was evident that of the two, tho illegal lord was most to her liking; but legitimacy conquered, and she sgrecd to aocompany her husband to other \- .fields and pastures new. A most affecting tableau took place between those who had " loved not wisely but too well," and kneeling down, like Norma, A—, in tones tremulous with emotion commended the (his) , child to * the care of its fond mother. Part of tho Jiouse was then pulled down, the chariot was -^iunted by tho reunited pair, and A— was '. left'lamenting.—Majorca Independent, November 30 th. • MONSTEE SEAL.—On Thursday last, a monster animal of the seal species was washed aBhore on the rocks under the flagstaff hill. It was firsbbbsgrved by a man named John Belford, bettlfPfchown as " Jackie," who lost lio time in announcing his discovery to the public by the bellman. The animal was first sfyled a sea- tiger, and afterwards a sea-lion. The former is a creature we can find no account of in any work on zoology that wo have consulted; and that it is not a sca-lion is clear from the fact of its not boing earless. Put of the many kinds of seals known to naturalists, it is difficult to say with certainty to which species the animal now in the possession of Mr. Woodcock belongs; all things considered, however, we'are disposed to thiuk that it is a common sea!, but of extraordinary size. From the head to the tail it measures about nine feet, by about four feet round. The animal was purchased by its present owner for £5. It will repay n visit of inspec- tion by the curious We (Avoca Mail) were on Tuesday shown .the remains of a huge iguana or tree lizard, killed on the Bet-Bet Greek on the day pre- " vious, near Mr. Scrase's brewery. Tho reptile measured in length five feet six inches, and in girth, two feet. For some days the large fowl-house attached to the brewery had been regularly robbed of the eggs it contained; and on the Sunday morning a turkey hen, sitting on 12, was unceremoniously bundled off her nest, and robbed of her oharge. The thief turned out to bo the lizard, for when caught it was in tho act of robbing the nest of a peahen in a similar manner. COBONEE'S Oounr.—An inquiry respecting the death of a newly born female infant was held yesterday, before Captain Scott, at the Obsorver Tavern. The body was found in a small wooden box, wrapped up in a piece of newspaper, and lying on a log of wood floating in the water near tho Clarence and Richmond River Company's wharf. Dr. Shaw made a post-mortem examination, and stated that he found no marks of violence on the body; there were no indications of the obild having breathed. Finding: The deceased female infant wasStill-boroS. JtT. Herald, Feb. 3rd. Mr. Head Centre Stephens having annouoced his intention to return to Ireland, the Government have offered £1,000 for his capture. They have also given additional strength to the military detachments stationed in Sligo and other western IriBh towns. .—Newcastle Chronicle. 