THURSDAY MORNING, NOV: 7, 1867.1 , The Legislative Council has done its' duty , to the country and to itself in adopting the Address to the Queen' comprised in the lion, member^ Mi*. ■Higheti's motion, aud in rejecting a. i further Supply Bill for half a? million,_ which, as a matter of course, as; every I man will perceive, if acceded to, would .be. followed by a third,, and' a' fourth, rand so supersede the necessity of ail 'annual revenue Appropriation Act j one of the fundamental constitutional prac l.tices, invariably .pursued by the. Imperial I Parliament, never.>ipmitjted,; and which, L if suffered to be evaded, would1 speedily ] undermine the fabric of British' con I'stitutional liberty. The Address to the Queen under the present' aspect of the. DARLi.NG grant has become im perative, because the Hon the Attorney General has stigmatised members of the Second Chamber-" as the vilest faction with which this* country has been cursed," and the .Ministry has an I nounced the intention that, if that Bouse was-not ,to be amenable to coercion, steps would be taken by a dissolution of the Assembly: to procure,.such a return of ' docile* members, that the .Second Chamber should, be "force'd to forego its indubitable right; to exercise its pri vileges, in- accordance .with, r.ther Con stitution. In fact, what the address I prays fo^'-is, ■ that the 'power , of > the Crown;-, may., be , brought ..forward to enforce the due observance of the . Con stitution, andavert revoliitiom.Moreover, I from ambiguity in 'the Duk\: ofsBucK isoHAAi'sr; silent., despatch, which ■'has been taken: advantage of by the M'Ciil locli Cabinet to interpret.it in fay our! of partizan" purposes, it has become heces sary to learn? from the Queen herself what was the proper iutlmatioii'it was intended to'convey. - Mr Brar's motion to pledge the House to pass the Darling | grant,!if sent up as a separate measure, j was wisely ', .withdrawn' : by Hie lion, member.' Mr ' Fitzgerald in 'speaking to the:;subject',' characterised. .what..hud transpired ■' elsewhere - on the ' question, expiised;v;i,the-iricbusistency!' of _ Mr A'BECKET'b contending against the right of the'Second Chamber to.reject money bills/when' he bad - on' a-fdrmer occasiou I iii the case :of the-Statb Aid Abolition ::Bill';jargued expressly-for' the privi lege being , possessed .by the Council. Mr.; Sladen ■ gave a lurniuousc and convincing recapitulation of the facts!of the'-' case, : and protested against' a .course in the matter: of ■ the Supply Bill; that' facilities should be giveu to the Ministry !to plunge the country into re volutionary anarchy. id ei.-. aptly des cribed any hesitation on the part of the Councilto be cowardly'f, that,it,could j not be deemed forbearance." to .'.parley (with the matter; but that, it would.jbe I an act; of .weakness like ,th*at ofa in.an "who surrendered W'a brigand."1 With half the country;in their favour,,tliey could not relinquish their constitutional rights without receiving such an inde ■diable' stain, as-j-wquldMbbrahd"/" their name with: ignominy; to. .all futurity^ The.... hon- member'., declared on,,, the ■part- of the; Council: thatunder no circumstances would the' Second Chamber;; .permit; itself "to , ?beucocrced into passing the-objectionable vote, by doing, which they "would ackno wledge the right of the Lowei" Chamber-'to force upon them at any;.time,"any 'grant, how ever,- unconstitutional ian'd immoral' it might be, in direct defiance of the: legiti mate check provided by the Constitution Act. ,;rA -Melbourne .contemporary 'in reference'to'the'itodreM..';1»: the Queen, argues that the; ptocednre is based on the erroneous supposition .that the, Im perial-Government desires to interfere in our 'self-government. No . such*;thing. "We*can do what we-like 'in a; constitu tional,manner but not' in aii unconstitu tional and revolutions y. way,. .and while 'constitutional rule is observed it'will not interfere,: but the Home Government is pi dged to uphold the integrity, of our CoiitetitutiohfrHiitli rail, j the J power, of the "Empiie, and when incipient' '• treason," as'bpehly cliargedl;by a: member'of the second chamber, endeavours to subvert it, it;Surelyis time to invoke the,fulfil ment of the; pledge. Our contemporary goes on to aver,, that the.Home autho rities will not-interfere \vitli ■ the -consti tutional disposal 'of our funds; no, certaiuly hot; if we are blindr enough, we.may pitch our .funds into the sea ;, but would such an act,be a proof of >our wisdom or our sense or of our. fitness for self-government?-; It. continues, "the. majority of the people (which is mere assertion)- of the colony wish to give some-of/their ■ own "money-to-a man \--who,'however .undeservedly has found favour in their eyes." Granted that they do for the sake of argument, wi?h to give soufe. of ..their ouw. mouey, what isi to .hinder them; ? > But this is not what the' alleged majority?or- roue half,of the country, or rather ; tli.e ,? revolutionists "want to do. They " want'to"'put tlieir_ hands intp; the pockets.of, the other half who do not think with them, arid (take their money to reward- "a" man" ifor having misgoverned, the - country,; and afterwards has sent out a revolutionary missile to jeopardise the liberties of the; people from whom he expects to receive a largess. Fortunately for us, the check upon such proceedings provided by the Constitution, shields the colony from the conflict of the one- half of the in habitants with the other j and despite the threats of extinction and the setting aside of the Constitution, we have only to await the knowledge of these events reaching the supreme; rule. of the Imperial Government,1 and we doubt not redress will be as speedy as it was on the first occasion, but this time with securities that the like shall not be able to occur again. Our. contemporary says, "jf there was any great principle—constitutional, finan cial, legislative or political—at stake, ? we could understand the Council making a stand, like a stag at bay." The Herald pretends it does not know that the con .teat now is whether we shall continue to be governed by two Chambers in accord-. I ance with the British model, or adopt: the blood' stained revolutionary single; chamber government of the French^ Con-'; yention. How true it is, there are none: so' .blind as those that will riot shell The"-Ministerial journal is in a state of. incertitude .and _ galvanized fury. It'~says "the services'"of" an" ezpe riehced traitor in the person of Mr Duffy appears to have been secured, for hisjiand.cjmbe reoognisedinthe^ametid ment and - address, -moved by. Mr Higbett."-"The conduet ofthe Upper j-House is likened to that of the Trade-, Unions, and " as Fenianism in Jiigli places.''.;. . Such..language ms .highly iij^ flamatory, indecorous, "and-.-much""to be-' .condemned; if is"significant of anything but a good-and a righ t caiise. " it seems to lie"-;dazed,''for after telling: us ■Ci the elections .will beTc'amed on with as much ■decorum as if they had been part of the Pnrice's reception progr'amm'eythe vision of the "arrival'of the Galatea with tlie Royal;r standard f floating in, the; breeze, 'seems to scare it like Ba.nquoJs ghost,;; 'arid1 it'' concludes "the i article ,by stating., that .probably! the elections will'iitffi'takc place until the beginning of 1863.- Quem: Beitsvult perdere prius denientat. ■ 