TO CORNEILUS, EX-KIING OF GOTIIAM. Br DoxoonutE. Good bye, old man, we'll now contented be, Since we have paid our tribute of respect; We could not rest in quietude and see Thy memory lost,as strangers might direct. But, generous like, prepared a fattening spread, Where Gotham's lords might feed and eulogise; Or, by imbibing, stand with reeling head, To mutter nought, but roll about their eyes. We trust thy appetite was well appeased, Aud that tbybelly's size was then increased; Thy countrymen are never better pleased Than when they're doing justice to a feast. Indeed, we now intend to form a club To carry out a banquet every week, And then each jealous dolt will have the grub Which they so very often ask and seek. Our Parliament will have no trouble then To pick their lions from our numerous spreads: Our fain'd land will famous be for men With Don Quixotic pertness and great heads Instead of " Gotham," " Athens" is the name Which ought to grace this fertile little spot, Lit up with stars of bright Platonic flame, And mighty proud of everything they've got. The time will come when Gotham will be filled With halls, like mushrooms on a dewy morn, With stately lords whom Nature never willed To fill such places, or the earth adorn. But I must rein Pegasus up, and stand A ghost-like pyramid of flesh and blood, To bid thee that farewell from this rich land Which all deserve who act, like thee, so good. The case of the honorable member for Dalhouiie, Mr Saa3s, was aýain brought under the notice of the Legizl',ire Assembly on Thmsday evenitg, by a question put by MIrLevey, as to how mratters stood with the committee of inquiry which was moved for the other night, upon which all the membels of the Government were appointed by ballot to serve as membcrs. From the explanation which followed it seemed that the Government had objected to all their membtrs beirg appointed; and that r hen an amended list was nubmitted a misundessraldiugarose, is conoequenco of wLich M-r Jones withdras the anc ion standing in his nsen, and, therefore, the commit tee as at fist conetituted would have to crniuct the inquiry. A de'rte afterwerda tookh place upon a mo tin for requesting his Honour Judge Williams to fmrnish his notes of evidence taken on the trial for the use of the committee. The Attorney-General and Mr Ireland pointed out that a Judge could not hs reqi:ested to furnish his notes, as they were his ;:rivare property, and not a portion of the ju ;icisl oroceedings of the Court. Mr Ireland also took o oasion 'o state that after the trial, in which he appeared for the plaintiff, .ir Sands, while in a state of excitement, placed the resignation of his seat in his bands, but on the following day. thinking better of the act, withdrew it. It was ultimately agreed by the House t' at the moticn submitted should be with trawn, upon the understanding that the Attooney General would make known to tae learned Judge the wish of the House. TwIoR A WInow Ir Ose DAY.-A most extra ordinary incident in widowhood has just occurred at thornley, a colliery village on the Hartlepool and Sunderland Bailway. A miner, belonging to Thorn lay, named Nicolas Cook, aged about fifty years, was married to a widow at Hetton-le- Hole. Af'er the ceremony was over the couple adjourned to their friend's house and envjyed themselves in a suitable manner. They afterwards left for their own .house, and on arriving at Thornley all went merry as the marriage bell, and the wedding festivities were kept up with joyous spirit. In the midst of :their hilarity the bridegroom was suddenly seized with a choking sensation in his throat, and fell down a corpse. "TaTr's VERY ODD."-A gentleman was recount ing his travels one evening after a dinner to a friend, and conmeaw?d in this way :-" When I was travel ling is Russia I was attacked in crossing a forest by twelve wolves, and from my poatchaiso window I fired my rerolver and killed the first wolf, and, strange to a y h. companion stopp'd and devoured him, and then came to the fight. I shot another, and my pos tillioi killed a third, both of which were devoured, and a went on till only one wIlf remained, and I observed he was immensely fat. lie, of course, had drvodred all his companions." " Dearme I" said the friedn, "That's very odd." "Very odd," said the travdler; " but not nearly so odd as what happened on the following day. I was out shooting antelopes, and ired at one as he stcod on the top of a crag, and, odd to say, the ball pased through his neck, and killei another which was standing a quarter of a mile eft." "That's very odd," said the friend. "Yes; but :he odd part of the story is to come. The report of my rifle 'so alarmed an old ke-bear which hap pened to be up in a tree, that he fell to the ground, hrole his nerck, and died on t'o spot." "Well,: said the friend, " upon my soul that's very odd." 'Yes, odd,' said the traveller, " but not so odd as the sequd ta'my story. A thunder-storm came on. and I sought refuge in a hollow tree, and, to my horror I descendled into a net t of young bears, where I had not been very long when I heard a strange tapping-the unmisttsble signs of the retu-n of the she-bear. She aeso ndd the tree, and was deerending the hollow, With tie rapidity of lightning, I seized her by the tail and plunged my hulting knifs into her haunches, upon wicb ehe startel upwards, draggirg me with her, and as she want down one side of the tree I escaped by tae other." "Now, really, that's very od?," said the friend, " fcr it's the first time in mry life I ever heard of a bear with a tail." ' Yes," replied the stranger, " and it was the only time I ever met with one, and that's very odd."-Leeds Mercury. 