PARLIAMENTARY PRIVILEGE. n5'cANn 1. SafE. "Spectator" sends the Argus a description of the proceedings in the Legislative Assembly of Victoria, on Tisursday evening last, when Mr. Syme, of the Leader (weekly edition of the Age) appeared at the bar of the Mouse to answer for a so-called libel pub lished in that journal. A third time (says "Spectator") hlave I seen the Legislative Assembly of tslis colony in one of those supreesn moments of its existenea when it is engaged in the task of maintaioing its privileges against tie attacks of the Press; and I have arrived at the con viction that never does our atebitious little House of Commons enhibit itself so utterly devoid of dignity as when it is avomedly asserting it. Thlers musthb somse fatalitysabout the thing. It does not matter how the difiietslty arises, or whliell side brings its wounded honour untder the svmpstlsising notice of the Speaberi, the result is the sante. The conclusion reached is a most lameasd impotent one; and ore it is attained more fractioos words are spokeit, more members are called to order, more sinseemly rows occur thint on anv other occasion. Mr. Bumble oevrthrows; by a small boy in a churchyard presentod not a more piti able spectacle than does our Assembly when it fancies itselof aggntod by thie Press, and is bent on repora tios,. Member after member betakes himselfto the tuse of strong language, by way of toaching the wicked nwiers it the papers moderatiolt. This course mar be adopted from the kitdest motives. Honoursbl'e gesnlcemen may be exhibiting themselves, in a Spartans Iselotish fasnion, as frightful examples, whose mode of procedure Ls to be carefully avoided by all who witness it. If this be their object, they are tolerably success fel; last night two or three of them made decided hite. The simple question of sosbbing or isncarcerating the publislier of an ottending paper was this time a geod del interfered witlh by ulterior considerations and internal cotisphications. lhe offender had a msjority, instead uf a minorite, of the House on his side, politically spalkinog; anid, moreorer, a demon stacativ member of tlse HIouso itself--one of the com munsty of saints who, if anyone, ought to be a model of gentlessess, courtes-, nod magnanimiy-mwould insist upot rislng and 'dcclaring that tie sergcant-at arms had laid hold of the wrong martyr, and that lie, thle said memsber, was theabsolute writer ofthsesrticle. It was an awful fact. Here was MOann, who hlad even gone the lengtlh of declaring himself ajoorsalist, and wh~o allowed his parts of speec hy protestisa more than once that hie was "in tie 'auds of te'use s,' her hle wan, vith his charge against the obisoxious print duly made and subscribed, and the publisher of the paper expressing his readiness to take all the responsibility, and now a member had actually tele tenserity and the bad taste to declare that he wrote the article in question! i,'hat nas to be done ? Tie proscribed publisher had read his statement, after the usual number of interruptions, and witsdrawals, dis cussions, shindies, and re-appearances, sasd the Ifoune had hhd the besneit of Mr. M'Koan's legal advice. This illustrious lumitsary had explained gratuitously what was the procedure of the law courts in such cases, and what, therefore, ef forlori, shlould be tile practice of thle highest Court-that in whsichl lie was one of tile Judges. He feared they would hare to eommeno eecrythla ig de not'. This speecs, whicrl was one of the scrikbig featules of the evening, could he but imperfectly heard in coasequene ofea it of coughing which seized C. E. Joees, John Edwards the Younger, and other patriots in the Opposition corner -s nasety, venatious fit, which toemissated whenever the Collissgwood Coke ceased speaking, and became as violent as ever when he resumed ; but still, spite of this drawback, the speech was delivered, and the law cearly laid down. Everythissg, llr. M'Kean excepted -useless to isterfere with wl~at perfection-was to be commenced de novo. Distressing tlsat, after this Isad been proclaimed, tise member forsooth Bourlse should complicate matters by avon'ing his authorship. He, and not the party at the bar, was thle culprit. "Fraud," "plunder," and tele rest of the pretty words about wlsich M'Oann complained, were Isis, net the poblisher's. What a dreadful fin for an han. Legis lative Assembly, bent on consersing a borrowed suit of privileges a thousand timoes too lsrge for itt And not the least amusing part of the "fin" was the plighlt in which the Chief Secretary and the Attorney-General found themselves, with their deonun ciations of George rising up out of rile tomb of Haneard like troubled ghosts, against them, snd a friend instead ofa foe in the custody of the sergeant at'arms. For some tinse they assumed tise respon sibility of theio position, aud stood to the uuluet-y colours by which they had once sworn. They looked uncomfortable, very, and spoke with restraint, but they stuck to their position. The Nemesis had come, evidently, ind was to be met manfully. So long as only the publisher wsu concerned they seoer flinched; "privilege" was to be maintained at all costa; bat when it canso to the writes they could boar it 0o longer, and faisly bolted "privilege" and all. On the whole, I think sucd an enciting evening has not been spent within tsehe imposing walls for some months-galleries crowded, prisoner at the bar trotted baekwards and forwaids to be M'Caned or M'Lcl laned, Jonesed or Edwurdoed, as ele case mighst be, intereals between his appearances being taken advat togo of by hons. members to indulge ia private nsd select libels on their own sccount, and to be called to order by a righteously indignant Speaker; never a debate in anty right sense of tise word, but a sort of verbal Donnybrook Fair, whore everybody's bead' come in for a whack occasionally, and order and con fusion alternated, confusion having generally the best of it. Two of tile nsesobers for Collingwood, vit., Messn. Embling and Edoards, took promiuest parts in the eiltertinmeost---one of thsem playing the mild medico, and the othler tile deimonstrotivo police-court praectitioner, with greet suceess. The former delivered an essay on gentlemanly honour, a subject ulMn wsichl ae seemed to hvoe beon receotly veading up, and proceeded to illustrate it by disclosing some little mutter which he had ferretted out by laboriously perusing the iuverted wrihissg he Isad discorered oa tise Parliamentary Library blottisug paper. Mr. Vale denounced this piece of amateur detective work as s-asstiug in common decency, and was, of course, at once called to order vigorously. In fact, he bad to withdraw nearly as much as hIe uttered, that did not mltter much,. Longmore, and Jones, and M'Lellans spoke nod withdrew, nod wilhdrew and spoke, andno body-stot evess thle rcporles--appeared to core much about it. Edwards, however, was tise persistent hero of thse iglat. He Iasd buckled on his armour for time fray, and seemed to coisceive thit. the eyes of Fitzroy were upon Isin,. His obiect -as not q'site clear, but he was sppnreotiy implacablo. A slaughtered press snma or two at the barin might, perhaps, have apipeased Iim. As it was, after a blustering display worthy of lobadil, he only bagged a feeble regret from the poblisher. For the truths isa sad one. The House, after it had cauglht its hnre, dared not put its breins in a baint. How often hias it sighted that it Isad to be content with publiselsrs when it vehemently desired to Isve at opportunity of punishsinsg w-ritore of libellous arlielcs. At lust tle gods are propitious. It has its libel, ci-, at least, it says it hlos, wlsichl is thIe same thsi,,g in "Privilege"--n od, lo! the writer stands avowed in its osn rauks--s member, a veritable mern her. No-, for scarifleation. StIangers tremble, fearing tisut aot evil hour tias arrived for South Bourrke, snsd Mr. Emblinsg looks os thougli bie theouglht the victim, after rittning thle gauatlet of the House, would be hsamsded oer to hlis tender merecies, and so etfec tually disposoed of. ult there is no victim --not evemi a vicarious one. A few sagacious, but inot parliculorl cosseistent words from the Attorne--Genernl, and a few sensible mid geserous e otes from 'lr. Aspiniall, asnd thIe debate gradoally loses heart. It is evidemitly appIiroaelhing au end -lie,, lir. Batsattiel Levi rises to dd?rcss tuse House, und tlsat settles it. 