LITERATURE. BROKEN CLOUDS! AN ORIGINAL AUSTRALIAN TALE, BY F. S. WILSON. ' ' ? .Antlior of '-^Woonoona^-'-Auni M4Uyy s Christmas Box" ' ??, " Shot in the, Heart,"+kc. THEY had pitched their tent be- neath the shadow of a huge over- hanging cliff, which in itself would have formed a tolerably good shelter from any inclement weather where the wind did not actually blow direct in its face ; but, on this still evening, with only the timid breeze wandering from cave to cave like a restless ghost, the double shelter of crag and canvas afforded most com- fortable protection. So there they lay, as the shades grew deeper and deeper, whiling away an hour by talking of their future plans and all the success they hoped would attend them. "I guess we did well to camp to- night, Harry," remarked Mr. Chewter, "because, you see, a day or two with us is nothing-one way or t'other. We'll get a saund sleep here, snug as wood- bugs; and we can 'pull up stakes' and make tracks by ' sun up,' in the morning. I've often thought of that night, Claston," he continued, after a pause, " not so long to remember, certainly ; but I mean the night when I picked you up, almost a gone soon, hanging on to my chain-cable. Sakes alive, how you did grab it-like a nigger at a corn-cake; splurging about in the water, as. if you were trying to set us adrift by dragging up our anchor." "A man with the life ebbing out of him, and the salt water ebbing in and driving out what little breath he has remaining, isn't likely to be particular as to the chain he lays hold of-be it iron or gold," observed Claston. "Wa'al, I'm jiggered if ever I hear' tell of a queerer start ! " -pondered Captain Chewter,.as t^pïtr'flA ablazing ebal forming a ' bull.'s eye ' in- the dull target bf the fire. " If a fellow has a few pinches of gold-dust to quarrel about, and then finds a bowie-knife making a short cut through his ribs, he can't wonder at it ; but the reason for 'shuttling ' a man's skull and tumbling him into the water without so much as telling him the 'why' and the 'wherefore'-'specially when he hasn't got a nugget to lose-pulls the wool over my eyes completely ! " "People seldom do things-that is, important things-without a reason"-said his companion, reflectively-"and in the present case I can't think the rule at fault. The fellows didn't gain anything by their assault, as I had nothing to lose-therefore, I can only work it out that revenge was their object." "And you didn't even get a glimpse of the varmints' hang- dog features?'' questioned Chewter-"No; of course, "you couldn't-why-to use an old comparison- the night was 'as dark as a nigger hunting a black eat in a cellar at midnight !' Of course you couldn't, but one of these times you'll light on 'em by instinct, mark me ! Moreover, you were always a jolly chap, . hail fellow well met,' with everybody who traded with you ; then what on airth could urge a man to shove you into the water, and his head into a halter, for nothing? I can't get the hang of if, at all !" "There is hardly a man who can say he hasn't an enemy," answered Claston. "The only thing I can think of is that it was done by some one jealous of my uncle's favour, or of Florence Thome's love. However, they may as well have saved them- selves the trouble, for my uncle's favour was already gone, and nothing-not even death itself-can estrange Floy's love for me, or mine for her. Poor girl!" "And you haven't seen her since long before that night? Wa'al, now, I guess the girl must be ra'al grit that sticks to a feller like that. No doubt the news has gone forth that you are among the missing, and if there are any strange tales about, it gives it an ugly look-there's no two ways about that ! " " Ugly or not, there's no fear of Florence," said Claston, warmly ; " strange as my absence may seem, she'll never doubt me. I know that the little game those fellows were up to will lenk out sooner or later. Keeping quiet leads them to believe that I am snug enough at the harbour's bottom-if not entirely put out of sight by the fish. That was the reason, Chewter, I accepted your invitation to sail with you to Adelaide, on the night of my rescue, otherwise I should have reported the matter to the police authorities." "Ah! and lucky it was, the turn of the tide detained me, or you would have reversed the usual order of a fish supper, by being served up as a first course for them-as sure as there are snakes in Varginny. Why, in the place where you were drifting, there wasn't another craft within hail, even if you had breath enough left to call out, which you hadn't; and if the weather had been as bright as a Creole's eye- which it wasn't. Sakes alive !-I was astonished above a bit when my second mate hailed down the 'companion' that ' a man was singing out in the fore- chains'-and, my word, I reckon I was more astonished still, when I found it was my old friend, Harry Claston, come to visit me in that marmaid fashion !"' "Ha, ha!' laughed Claston. "Without doubt, the visit demanded an apology. But, speaking of Florence: I despatched a letter to her while we were in Melbourne, while you were arranging with the agents about giving up the vessel, and ex- plained the reason for my keeping out of the way at present, namely, that I had nothing to depend on, and saw very little chance of getting anything to do, even if I tried for six months; so that nothing remained for me but trying my hand at that great 'lucky-bag'-the diggings." "And here's wishing ourselves every success in our new pro- fession," cried Chewter; "and I'm sorry there isn't a grog shanty close handy, so that we might 'liquor,' and so have the sentiment in due form. Not that I'm anxious about the 'glitter' myself, I'm a free nature, I am: as free's a Rocky Mountain "buffer''; and when, I do make a location, I can allers ' trade off' the betterments (improvements) and emigrate to another settlement. Gold is gold with me, and if I can get the metal, all well and good, but if I can't, why I haven't chick or child to weep at my misfortunes. With you, now, the case is very different. I guess your object is to make a pile, as easy as possible, and the sooner the better ; then you calculate to put up a hum' (home,) and when all the fixin's are finished, marry your Florence Thorne and exchange your gold-digger's cradle for a matrimonial one! so, as I said before, here's success to you ! Changing the subject, the strangest part of your business as beats me is, that they left more with you than they took away. I mean the diamond ring ! " "Oh, ay!" answered Claston, drawing from his pocket a ring set with brilliants, and holding the glittering bauble in such a manner that the firelight shot and sparkled in the facets of the gems. "After you dried your clothes on board the Vixen, you found it in your pocket, I think you said?" inquired Mr. Chewter. » " Yes, and cannot account for its being there in any shape or form," said Claston, musingly. " I know it belonged to my uncle, Mr. Dansby, and that it was a relic to which he attached much value. I have seen it a hundred times, and I distinctly remember noticing it on his finger during my last interview with him, and how it could possibly find its way into my pocket a few hours afterwards, I can't for the life of me imagine." Captain Chewter took the ring, and examined it attentively. He had often done so before when conversing with his friend about the mysterious affray on the waters of Darling Harbour; but though the gems threw out darting gleams of light, they would not throw any light on the question as to how they came into Harry Claston's pocket ! While Chewter was yet engaged in his scrutiny, a rough hail came echoing up the neighbouring gully and about the crags, scaring the night-owls from their ledges, and causing them to send forth dismal hootings, down to the shadowy flat. In the first excitement of his surprise, Chewter almost dropped the ring into the fire, but when the shrill wild ' Coo-ey !' came sounding again, still louder and clearer, he handed the jewel to his companion and drew the double- barrelled gun to his side among the bushes forming his couch. A few hurried whispers between them concerning the nature and object of the signal had hardly passed before...the subjects of their remarks were heard scrambling over the boulders and fragments of rock crop- ping out through the scant mountain-herbage. From the rough voice giving expression to various imprecations regarding the road, the speaker seemed tö have a companion, and so it proved when the voice drew nearer, for in a few minutes' time a couple of wild-featured, rough-bearded men stood facing the tent at a yard or two's distance from the fire. Both unfamiliar they were to the memories of the intending diggers before whom they had planted themselves, revolvers in hand ; but we, who have been in their company more than once already, would have had no difficulty in recognising the hardened, vulgar lineaments of Red Darby and his companion in crime, Bill Brady, alias Bargo Bill. "Hullo, mates ! you've lighted your fire in a precious hole of a place, haven't you? all oh purpose for a cove to go barkin' his blasted shins over rocks and logs when he scrambles up to your crow's-nest for a pipelight surlily remarked Darby. " By the by, mates, it isn't only a light we wants, that's soon got over, but 'bacca, too. Have yer got such a thing as a fig ' about yer ?" A moment's consideration had determined the 'cute Yankee that any rudeness or resistance (unless goaded to extremes) would be impolite, so drawing the desired luxury from a pouch he placed it in the outstretched 'paw' of Darby, and asked carelessly, " Wa'al, stranger, I guess our location is a darned ugly spot for night-folk-, and such like visitors as don't kneow the road ; but might I ask wvhat may your name be ? whar' do ye hail from ? and whar' are yer 'gwine to ?" "That's a question which the fust part on it can't be an- swered," rejoined Mr. McShane, "'cause why? me and this 'ere gen'elman (as is a mate, along o' me) didn't never get so far ahead in the cattychism as to know the fust answer to 'what air yer name ?' but as to where we corned from, and where are we goin' to, why, we're gen'elmen travellin' for pleasure and profit, too, 'cording as the fit takes us ; we don't come from nowheres in particular, and we're bound for the same place." " Yes," asserted Bill, with a tremendous oath ; '' in the cattle trade and banking business we are." " Wa'al now, I guess, strangers, it's rather a skeery time for travelling on any of them spekilations," remarked Captain Chewter, drily. " Oh! we ain't particular, ain't this gen'elman and me," explained Darby. " Our business grows, like farmer's corn, night and day. Cattle is growing for our stockyards, and dig- gers is digging to pay into our bank, and we ain't so doosed strict as tp business hours are we, Bill?'' That individual growled out something about making his name public, but furthermore than that did not vouchsafe reply. Chewter eyed the newcomers narrowly, puzzled and vexed to think that ' he couldn't get the hang of the thing no how;' as for Claston he kept his gaze immoveably fixed on the savage face of Darby McShane with a vague perception that something unpleasantly exciting was about to happen. " One thing, I hope we're in time for tucker?" remarked Darby. " Come, mates, show us what you've got in the grub line, for this 'ere gen'elman and me's hungry enough to swally a cook-shop and the man as keeps it." With this forcible illustration the speaker lazily 'laid himself out ' before the fire, an example followed by his companion, and both stuck their revolvers into their belts, as if all preliminaries had been so amicably settled that those interesting little play- things were no longer needed. At a sign from the captain, Clapton turned out the contents of their provision bag, and Darby, clutching at the huge newly baked damper, cut it in halves and then divided one of the pieces into two equal shares, handing one to his famishing com- rade, with the remark that 'fair was fair'-a truism which he proceeded to resolve into further practice by producing a bottle, and inviting his entertainers to 'wash the soot down their chimbleys'-by which figure of speech he playfully designated their throats. " What luck, mates, up Kiandra way?" he questioned, after he and his taciturn companion had blunted the edges of their appetites ; ' ' Any dust or nuggets to dispose of at a fair market price? made your pile, eh?; Well, blow me ! you are lucky coves, you are ! Blest if I didn't see luck wrote in your faces both on yez, as I remarked to my chum direckly I seed yez. Didn't I?" Of course the 'chum 'was ready to swear-in fact, did so- the remark was ' Gospel true, and nuthink but it.' " True or not, the prediction remains to be fulfilled," observed Claston. " Our feet haven't touched the golden soil yet, no: our fingers handled the pick and shovel." " But I reckon we mean to go the whole figger when we do start, and intend to make a right smart chance both in dust and lumps, and as the stranger's brought up the liquor as ; friendly ' swap' for the damper, we'll jest drink ' Success to the spekilatión !" "Hear, hear !" growled Bargo Bill ; " but if you ain't bin there, "why, wuss luck. Shure, an' if yez had only tould us yez hadn't got your pockets gilted yet, when we was at the bottom of that infernal gully, we needn't have grinded the sowls out in our trotter-cases wid crawling over rocks beyant there, only fit for a 'possum or a haythen bandicoot to scamper betwixt." And Bill, after damping his throat with the drainage of the bottle, threw it savagely at the rocks he complained of, as if they were as sensible to feeling as were his own feet ! " Anny ways you've no objection to let me look at that spark- ler on your finger-eh, mate?"-continued Bill, glancing with covetous eyes at the diamond ring. " Are the stones rale, now ? -hand it over, matey ; I'm reckoned to be a good judge wid thim sort ov things !" Despite this persuasive remark, Mr. Claston respectfully in- timated to the connoisseur in jewellery, that he considered the ring in every respect safer in its present position ! " Thin, if civil words won't persuade you, maybe this will !" cried the Irishman, drawing his revolver and flashing it full in the face of Claston. "And if you're more sensible than your 'chum,' you'll hand over that 'ere ' double-barrel'-'cause why?-I've taken a fancy to it,.and I'm a nasty customer when I gets my back up !"' sup- plemented Darby, making a movement towards the gun. But he was anticipated by Chewter, who snatched it up and *covered' the redoubtable Mr. M'Shane in a twinkling, observ- ing-"It's a piece I'm remarkably fond of, and on that account I can't part with it ; but say another word, and you're welcome to what it contains!" Bill also had met with an unexpected repulse. Springing forward to seize the ring, he saw the finger it enriched grasping the butt of a revolver, whose dull black muzzle seemed an ac- cusing eye gleaming frowningly into his shrinking features. It was a wild and startling picture-the interior of the tent forming a dark back-ground ; while here and there, flinty crags and glooming cliffs gaped into the blackness, with their frac- tured edges glinting in the fire's shifting glare that leaped and flickered between the combatants. Chewter, with his keen grey eyes glistening over the long barrel at Darby, and Claston with firm unswerving hand, but finger itching to send a bullet through the rascally brain before him ! There was that fixed pause which usually ensues when cun- ning unexpectedly meets its match ; and though rage and dis- appointment contended in their faces, the pair of cattle-stealers hesitated to pull trigger. Now ain't you a nice pair of individuals ? jest fit for a Wax Works, or a wild beast's menagerie-only the last-named critters 'ud feel 'emselves disgraced by being put in the same caravan ! I should think you'd feel plaguey like a tree'd 'coon looking down a rifle bar'll ; and if it wasn't that I don't want to do Go- vernment work, and take the job out of reg'lar hands, I'd 'draw a bead' on your chuff head and pull the trigger, you infernal skunk ! To come and eat a man's damper, and get him to drink your grog, and then to play 'grab-all' with his fixin's-why, it's enough to rile a bush bug ! Drop it, now !-uncock your ' six-loader ' and shove it into your pocket. That's right. Now, march ! and say a prayer (if you ever learned any) that you haven't been sent where a good many better men than you have gone before. I can keep you in sight for the next two hundred yards, and-mind-I can drop a pigeon at that distance, so have a good chance of winging such birds as you.' Now, Harry, throw some of the brushwood on, and give us a light." Darby-under that strange influence by which cowardice; so readily yields to a quiet determined will-lowered his weapon mechanically, and obeyed Chewter's orders as given; :an example implicitly followed in detail by Bargo Bill. The huge pile of dried bushes sent up long forks, of flame, illuminating the wild landscape like the closing scene of a pan- tomime, and shining on the retreating figures of Darby and Bill as they blundered down over rubble and boulder in a great hurry for fear Chewter and his companion should change their merciful decree. " Now then, Harry-quick ! Bring a rug with you !" cried the former, as the firelight began to sink into a steady flame. "They're sneaking varmint, and not to be trusted no-how. Here -follow* me !" . ? '. Chewter hastily dragged a bundle of bush to the entrance of the tent, rolled a blanket round it in rude semblance of a human figure, and clapping his hat where the head should have been, he snatched up a possum rug, and swarmed up the face pf the cliff where Claston had already preceded him. A hollow gap -worn by the wind into the yielding sandstone-formed a com- fortable resting- place, and one which commanded an unbroken view of the tent. There the two friends lay rolled in their rugs, just peering over the edge, and conversing in low whispers. The moon rose over the black ridges, flooding their eyes with silver; and the outlines of the landscape assumed that uncouth and indistinct appearance so peculiar to moonlight : but still the depths of the gully lay in silence as they had before lain in darkness. Half an hour stole on, and another half dribbled, away by minutes, and a third had commenced to crawl after its prede- cessors, when two dark objects were seen crawling with it. Craftily they came up from the flat, sliding from one patch of shade to another, ever and anon resting, half hidden in the grass, when the moonlight seemed to turn them into silver fragments of rock. All insensible of two pair of eyes watching, from the craggy ledge above, their every movement, they con- tinued to creep in the direction of the tent. The watchers in their rocky nest could faintly hear Red Darby's chuckle as he and Bill crouched within ten yards of the supposed sleeping figure, and the report of their revolvers had hardly raised the first echo before Darby sprang into the tent and made a terrific 'swoop' at the captain's felt hat, which had been perforated by two bullets. His howl of disappointment at the ruse was accompanied by two faint flashes apparently struck from the flinty rocks over- head, and a simultaneous yell of anguish rose in the night air Bargo Bill had had the top joint of his little finger taken off, and Darby had lost the lower half of one of his ears. Without waiting to pick their road they fled as if pursued by an avenging spirit, and Chewter and Claston descending from, their hiding-place, threw a fresh log on the fire, and remaking the scattered beds composed themselves to sleep, confident that their rest would not again be disturbed, at all events by the ' cattle-duffers,' McShane and Brady. 