MISCELLANEOUS EXTRACTS. A STARTLING- RESURRECTION. (From the * St. Louis Times of Oct. 26) In one of the streets running .parallel with Broadway lived a married cougle who had i not travelled together very smoothly since they had been made one flesh. The hus band, though not ^bad man, occasionally took a drop too much, and on such occasions happinebs was the exception in the household. The wife had $1000 in greenbacks, which she had saved ajtd always carried with her; and being the master spirit of the firm, she would not allow it to be encroached upon, but, on the contrary, endeavoured to aug The wife toa^ttj^holera, and the hus band, obtaininpj^Hpit, had her sent to the city hospital. Jft|Pnot known that be ac companied her thithef, though he must have visited ber. One morning, the nurse being out of the Toom for some time, he returned to the bedside of the "poor woman and discovered her, to all appearance, dead. The doctor was notified and made his observation. No pul sation of the heart, no breathing, nothing to dissipate the illusion and assertion that the patient was deadiwas discovered, and the disciple of .^Ssculapius pronounced her dead. She was forthwith disrobed, placed in the rough coffin furnished by the city, and con veyed to the deadhouse. For hours she lay, apparently a corpse, with all the surroundings of death. After the shadows of night had closed in, the watchman took a look into the room to see that all was right. From the inside of one of the coffins a perceptible knocking was beard. Superstition seized him ; he slammed the door after him and went to notify other parties of the mysterious rapping, and several accompanied the man to the temporary receptacle of the dead. When the door was opened, a sight met the gaze of the party which made the roots of their hair tingle and caused tbem to feel a weakness about tbe knees. The *' corpse" had raised the lid of the coffin and was sit ting bolt upright in it. " Where am I?" says she. The matter was explained to ber briefly. Filled with anger, illness having seemingly departed, she let loose the flood gate of her passion at the idea of being en closed in such a contemptible receptacle. She had $1000 when she went to the hospital, she said, and she demanded to know where it bSd gone—that amount would have given berllpcent sepulture. The attendants were unable to explain tbe whereabouts of tbe missing money, and the woman demanded to be restored to herself once more, that she might pursue tbe thief who had robbed her, and secure to ber body, if sbe was to die, de cent burial. The " resurrected" one was helped out of her narrow prison house and taken to a more genial chamber. But here another difficulty arose ; her clothes bad been destroyed. Suitable apparel, however, was furnished, and on finding herself once more of the flesh and blood sbe insisted on starting at once in search of her husband, who sbe thought—and perhaps correctly—was con soling himself with her $1000 and tbe idea that some other daughter of Eve would con sole his lonely hours. The surgeon, observing tbat madam was comparatively well, and thinking tbat it might do ber more harm to retain her than permit ber departure, had tbe iron gate opened for her exit. Darkness had set in ere sbe reached her husband's place of domi ciliation. Sbe knocked at the door and ber husband opened it. With eyes fairly starting from their sockets he gazed; words failed him ; he was paralysed with fear at tbe sup posed apparition. At length tbe wife de manded why he had robbed ber, insisting at the same time that she was not dead, as he no doubt hoped she was, and she had come home—he would find it bardep than that to get rid of her. The husband was too i astonished, horrified, to believe his eyes, and [he begged the " ghost" to leave; she might | have the money, but, for God's sake, to go laway and not destroy him. At this the man, fwith fear and trembling, banded her the [missing money, which she took; but she was [not to be driven from ber home, and with a [push she opened the door and entered the (house. She bad no sooner done so than her . |busband, minus coat and hat, rushed out.-j |of the back door into the yard, and over the jfence, and that is the last that either his wife [or his friends have seen of him. i j? A Record of King Henry VIII.—King j Henry VIII. used to walk his rounds by f night in and about the city. One night, on going bis rounds as usual, with his large walking staff, to see that the constables did their duty, he was stopped by one of those officers near the foot of London Bridge, who demanded what he did with such an unlucky weapon at that time of the night, upon which the King struck him, but the constable call ing the watchman to his assistance his Ma jesty was apprehended, and carried to the Poultry Compter. He lay confined till morn ing without either fire or candle, but when the keeper was made acquainted with the rank of bis prisoner, he despatched a messenger to the constable, who came trembling with fear, expecting nothing less than to be hanged, drawn, and quartered ; but, instead thereof, the King applauded his resolution in doing his duty, and made him a handsome present. At the same time he settled upon St. Magnus parish an annual charge of ,£23 and a mark, and made provision focfurnishing thirty chal drons of coals and a large allowance of bread annually towards the comfortable relief of his fellow prisoners and their successors. What shows the above story to have a foundation in truth is that a Royal annuity of £23 4s. is paid to this parish annually out of the Ex chequer.—' City Press.' Wood and Water.—An instance from Boussingault is quoted by Professor Murray, to show the influence which trees exercise upon the supply of water:—" The Wolf spring, in the Commune of Soubey, furnishes a remarkable instance of the influence of woods upon fountains. A few years ago this spring did not exist. At the place where it now rises a small thread of water was ob served after very long rains, but the stream disappeared with the rain. The spot is in the middle of a very steep pasture, in clining to the south. Eighty years ago the owner of the land, perceiving that some firs were shooting upon part of it, determined to let them grow, and soon, formed a flourishing grove. As soon as they were well grown a fine spring appeared in place of the occasional rill, and furnished abundant water in the longest drought. For forty or fifty years this spring was considered the best in Claus-du-Doubs. A few years since the grove was felled, and the ground again turned to a pasture. The spring dis appeared with the wood, and is now as dry as it was ninety years ago." Kerosene Lamps.—A correspondent of the ' Birmingham Post* points out a source of danger in parafin lamps, and which may be taken to be common to-kerosene lamps also. As it may induce caution we quote the fol lowing :—« From my own experience, I be lieve the explosions are chiefly due to a badly fitted wick and a nearly empty reservoir rather than to any defect in the oil; for the burning of such a lamp, whose oil chamber is but a quarter full, generates an inflammable vapour tbat fills under pressure the empty i portion of the vase or oil chamber; and should | the wick be to narrow or too thin for the tube that receives it, the vapour forces a passage between the wick and the tube, and explodes on reaching the flame at the top of the tube, in a series of intermittent puffs or jumps, and i this will continue until the increasing heat of the lamp will so rapidly increase the oily va- i pour, that it will either blow the flame out or j ' it may take fire at the top and run down the vacant part of the tube and set fire to the va pour in the vase (without firing the oil) and burst it; therefore blowing down the chimney of a parafin lamp with too small a wick would be tantamount to blowing the flame down the tube into the vapour. Then, to avoid acci dents, see tbat the wick fills the tube. There should be some contrivance in these lamps to allow the redundant vapour to escape from the vase; then the lamps would be safe." \- A new Description of Fraud.—The frauds committed at Marseilles on the Cus toms and all other modes of indirect taxation have always been, notorious in France. Smuggling has never been a serious offence in the eyes of the people of any frontier town; but a new description of fraud against the re venue is of a different character. A razzia was made one day lately on the workshops and shops of the jewellers and silversmiths of the town. Eighteen controllers of the mint and fifty policemen with their officers invaded these establishments at an early hour. The result was the discovery of old or false dies for stamping the "hall mark," and it is stated that these were used not only to defraud the revenue but the purchaser also, the gold and silver articles so cheaply guaranteed being in fact only gilt and plated. This fraud has gone on, it is said, for twenty years, and has only been discovered by the denunciation of the traveller of one of these establishments, who bad been dismissed. Nine persons have been arrested. The dis covery has created a great sensation, as no one knows whether his plate and jewellery contain any gold or silver or not. j At an inquest held lately at Houghton-le Spring, Durham, a verdict of " wilful mur der" was returned against a man named Brownless. The circumstances of the case are peculiar. In his own house, on the 13th of October, he deliberately made a poker red hot and then plunged it into a barrel of blasting powder, containing about 20 lbs. The result was of course an explosion, but strangely enough those in the room, though severely injured, were not killed. A child, however, in the arms of a neighbour who was entering, was killed. Brownless then cut bis throat, but failed in his attempt to com mit suicide. He was in liquor. Lord Stafford, who recently entertained the Prince and Princess of Wales at Costes sey Hall, near Norwich, has addressed the following singular letter to the editor of a local paper;—" A report being very preva lent crediting me with a legacy of £90,000, I will thank you to have the kindness to contradict it. No such good luck has be fallen me, and I am afraid if I passively suffer the rumour to grow and be propagated, I may be expected to behave very much like a gentleman—that is to pay three times its value for any article I may feel inclined to purchase." The * Globe* states tbat the Princess of Wales not unfrequently attends divine ser vice at All Saints', Margaret-street—one of tbe most noted of the ritualistic churches in London ; but that when her royal highness does so, the ' Court Circular' only says that tbe princess " attended divine service." It is stated that the experiments com menced within tbe past year, on the lower banks of the Thames, to test the productive powers of tbe London sewage when applied to sea sand, have thus far been attended with remarkable success. The debating society in connection with Oxford University have given an affirmative vote, by a large majority, on the motion " That in the opinion of this house John Bright is a reproach to the country that gave him birth." Traitors in the Fenian Cahp.—The ! British Government need never be at a loss for want of information as to the designs of the Fenian leaders. Scarcely is it necessary for it to employ spies, so numerous are the volunteer traitors who press their services upon it. All that is said, all that is plotted in the Fenian councils, in spite of the affec tation of secrecy, and in spite of oaths, is communicated in a short space of time to the authorities in London, who are thus enabled at a moment's notice to lay their hands upon the unsuspecting victims of the Fenian delu sion. In the 'Irish People,' of the 22nd ultimo (the Fenian organ at New Tork), we find this fact strikingly confirmed.- Therein we learn that Mr. David A. Sutton, a mem ber of the committee appointed to search into and report upon the affairs of Fenianism in general, has absconded from America, carry ing with him in his flight " the secret corres pondence of H. C. F. B. John O'Mahony, for the purpose of selling them to the British Government." The papers thus carried off —and which will soon be in the bands of the authorities in England—contain, so the ' Irish People' assures us, the more important correspondence and acts of the Fenian ad ministration for eight years; and the New York paper then proceeds to speculate in the following terms on the probable consequences of this act of treachery:—" They"—the pa pers carried off—" contain information calcu lated to convict many of our friends and as sociates at present in prison in Ireland, against whom there is merely a suspicion of complicity in the Fenian movements. They also contain such information as may lead to the arrest and conviction of many of our friends in Ireland and Great Britain who | have not been even suspected up to this. The ' Registry and Address Book' of the Fenian circles of America is also among the docu- j ments missing from head quarters, and it is ' said to have been taken off by the absconder Sutton. The latter may be of great use to our enemy, in enabling him to estimate our numbers and resources. The whole pile is, no doubt, well worth a handsome sum of blood money." When will men learn to profit by the lessons of experience ? Have we not in the above a singular instance of the futility of secret societies?—'True Witness." Electric Sparks from Thunder Clouds.—At the castle of Duino, at Friuii, on the Adriatic, there has existed from time almost immemorial an iron pike planted on one of the bastions with a halberd near it. It is the duty of the sentinel, when a storm threatens, to touch the extremity of the pike with the halberd, and, if it gives off sparks or becomes luminous, he rings a bell to an nounce the approach of a storm. Electric discharges have also been seen to follow the rails on a railway, and to make a crackling ^ noise on coming" to the joints. The occur rence of electric lights on the points of the pikes and lances of soldiers has often been recorded, and the same phenomenon has presented itself, but more rarely, in the case of bayonets. A story is related by ~Beccana of a Sardinian soldier who attributed the pre sence of a lambent Same on his bayonet to some unearthly cause, which be struggled with in vain. The same phenomenon bas been seen on sharp points of rocks. Mr. Biackwell relates a case of this kind having occurred at the Grand Mulct, on Mont Blanc, in August, 1854. A similar luminous ap pearance, quite distinct from phosphorescence, has been observed on the surface of the sea, of lakes, of ponds, and even snow. Atmos pheric electricity will, in fact, become visible electricity upon almost all bodies, under cer tain favourable circumstances. It has not only been observed on trees, plants, and even straw, but on animals. There are, for ex ample, several instances on record of the ears of horses having been seen to give off electric sparks. On the eve of the battle of Fulstuck, in Poland, in 1806, the horses' ears, the men's moustaches, the equipments and guns were all observed to be luminous. Human beings have also often been thus electrified, and have given off sparks, or become luminous around tbe head, or at the extremity of the fingers. A Yankee Discovery.—An American paper says: "The other day a crowd was as sembled around a drunken man lying at full length in the street. They resorted to every known means to arouse him; they rubbed his ears, then bis hands, and shook him vio lently, but all to no avail, for John Whisky had got too strong a hold on him. Presently a boy came along who was selling brewer's yeast, which be carried in a pail. ' What's the matter?' queried the hopeful; * can't you get him up? Well, I can. If this yeast won't raise him, he's a goner, for it will raise anything that ever grew.' Accordingly he poured half a pint down the man's neck, and sure enough, to the surprise of all, it raised him instantly, and he went on his way, grow ing taller every minute." The Atlantic Cables.—The two Atlan tic cables can send 1500 messages a day. Each cable can transmit from fifteen to twenty words a minute. Twenty Daniel's cells are used, from 50 to 500 having been used on the cable of 1858. Mr. Clarke, on one occasion, joined tbe two new cables together, making a line of 3700 miles, and then put acid in. a lady's silver thimble, a bit of zinc and copper, and passed signals through the whole length in a little more than a second with that small power. It is tbe opinion of Mr. Clarke, tbe engineer, that the two cables will maintain their insulation through a long series of years.—' Engineer.* A wealthy capitalist has offered to the Commission of the Paris Univeral Exhibition of 1867 to pay a sum of £320,000 for tbe re ceipts from visitors at the tariff for admis sions which bas been officially fixed. If that offer bad been accepted, a sum of £160,000 on account would have been paid on the day on which tbe agreement should be signed, and the balance €n the eve of the opening. This proposal was very attractive, and a report drawn up on the subject by M. Devinck, a man of great experience in such affairs, concluded in favour of its adoption. It was, nevertheless, rejected in consequence of poli tical considerations presented by M. Rouher, and based principally on the inadvisability of the commission appearing to wish to guard itself against eventualities to which the year 1867 might give rise. The continental press mentions the decease in Germany of one of the oldest papers in the world—the 'Post Zeitung* ('Post-office Journal'), published at Frankfort, and estab lished in 1616. The events of the Thirty Years* War were chronicled in this journal as they occurred, and of course all tbe great incidents of German history since then. The paper has now been suppressed by Count Bismarck. Coleridge was descanting, in the presence of Charles Lamb, upon the repulsive appear ance of the oyster. " It isn't handsome, Coleridge," said Lamb; " but it has the advantage of you in one thing."—" What is that?" queried Coleridge, who, as everybody knows, was an exhaustless talker.—" It knows when to shut its mouth," was the reply. A Yankee chief once addressed a jury in the following model speech :—" Gentlemen of the jury, in this case the counsel on both sides are unintelligible, the witnesses incre dible, and the plaintiff and the defendant are both such very bad characters, that to me it is quite indifferent which way you return your verdict." "You are quite welcome," as the empty purse said to the shilling. Important Decision Relating to Building Societies An important point was decided by Vice Chancellor Wood on Saturday. The Doncaster Permanent Build ing and Investment Societylifeing in course o! winding up, the official liquidator had made a call on the members, and the ques tion arose whether, having regard to the rules, all the members were equally liable. It appears that the members were enabled to make, and did make, mortgages of their lots, and the rules provided for monthly payments of 10s., and gave a period of fourteen years to redeem the incumbrances. Some of the members bad paid off their mortgages, al though the fourteen years had not elapsed, and some bad not, and they were distin guished from each other as the advanced and unadvanced members. The call having been made, a summons was taken out, and now argued in court, as to the proportion of lia bility, the advanced members claiming to have absolutely discharged themselves, the nnadvanced contending that the liability was still equal. The Vice Chancellor referred to the rules, and was of opinion that, although 14 years were allowed as the period within which there was a right of redemption, it was competent to members to discbarge their lia bilities by other means before the expiration of that time, and some bad done so. The case stood precisely on the same footing as it would have stood if there had not been a winding-up order. The course pursued by the advanced members had entirely dis charged tbem from liability; and although, no doubt, they all stood on an equal footing, qua membership, that must be qualified by the consideration of tbeir rights inter se. The advanced members were therefore not liable to the call. The costs must come out of the estate. How to Mount a Horse.—A letter from Peru, published in 'the ' Burlington Free Press,' gives a ludicrous account of the mode of mounting a horse. The women do all the work, and the men are a good-for-nothing set of gamblers and thieves. The women ride on the hind-quarters of their horses, without a saddle, cross-legged, with the load on the horse in front. They mount the ani mal by taking hold of his long tail, making a loop by doubling it up, and clasping with one hand the upper and lower parts of the tail, and then putting one foot in the loop and the other foot on the joint of the horse's leg, they ascend as if going upstairs. They usu ally stand erect on the horse before sitting down. The borses never kick or stir. Professor Agassiz, in a recent lecture at Boston on the River Amazon, stated that the whole Amazonian basin is a vast plain. There are no bills, but an immense expanse of woods and water. The distance from the source of the Amazon in the Andes to the Atlantic Ocean is 2000 miles in a direct line, but by the course of the river, 4000 miles. The plain through which the river and its tributaries flow is 1200 miles wide, and in some places 1800. It is so low that the whole slope from the Andes to the Atlantic i^not over 250 feet. It cannot be compared to an ordinary river valley, and the river it self is different from all others in the world. Its mouljhiis 160 miles wide, and its mud tinges tb^lbcean for a distance of 50 miles. With all this there is no formation of a delta—on the contrary, the Atlantic is eating into that part of the coast of South America, and at one time the river extended 300 miles beyond its present mouth. The Professor has great hopes in the commercial prospects of the Amazon and its basin. The Emperor Napoleon has received a present—the bead of Cardinal Richelieu. When his tomb was violated, during the orgies of the revolution, the body was found embalmed in a perfect state of preservation. The violators jumped into the coffin, tore the body limb from limb, and scattered the re mains about. The head rolled towards a mercer who was in the crowd, attracted by curiosity, not by the sacrilegious madness which urged the others. He picked it up, hid it under his cloak, and carried it home. Here, fearing that it might be discovered, to reduce its volume he sawed it in two across the ears, preserving the mask, which still re sembles the historic portrait by Plylippg-1 Champagne, with its small moustache an|J pointed beard. In a case tried in London, recently, a per son bitten by a dog failed to obtain damages, because it could not be legally shown that the owner of the animal had been informed of its propensities. The Archdeacon of Taunton has in the Press a letter to the Bishop of Gloucester and Bristol, remonstrating with his lordship for denying the objective presence in the Holy Communion. F. H. Dean, West Cornwall, Vt., writes the * R. N. Yorker,* that his stock ram Little Wrinkly was sheared May 9th, his fleece then being one year and five days old. Fleece, 26 lbs. Weight of carcase, three hours after shearing, 96 lbs. Couldn't Do It.— An editor in Arkanr g sas was lately shot in an affray. Lucidly, I the ball came against a bundle of unpaid I bills. The bullet couldn't go through them | by a long shot! » An American paper gives reasons for not publishing a poetic effusion as follows:— "The rhyme sounds like pumpkins rolling over a barn floor, while some lines appear to have been measured with a yard stick, and others with a ten-foot pole." A firm of Scotch warehousemen in London have in tbeir employment a knitter who has discovered the art of knitting two stockings at one time.on the same pins. When fin ished, the stockings are drawn away from each other. Little girls believe in the man in the moon —young ladies in a man in the honey-moon. uas 9 