REMARKABLE STORY OF MISTAKEN IDENTITY. In the month of March, 1858, the dead body of a man was found floating in the Clyde, somewhere above the bridges, and taken to the Humane Society's Receiving House, where it lay for identification. It curiously happened at this very time, that two men went amissing in Glasgow, the husbands respectively of Mrs S. and Mrs T. A gentleman, a friend of the latter woman, knowing of the strange absence of Mr T., called at the dead house to look at the corpse of the drowned man, which was considerably decom- posed, and could only be identified by marks not wholly dependent on corporeal preservation. After a minute inspection, this gentleman came away con- vinced that the body was unquestionably that of Mr T., to whose wife, or widow he communicated his conviction. Unwilling, however, to believe that her husband, either by accident or design, had come to such an end, the woman declined at first to visit the dead house for the purpose of setting the matter at rest. But the propriety of her doing so was pre- sented to her in so strong a light, that she at length consented to accompany her friend, although she still held out against the possibility of the dead body be- ing that of her husband. She could not, of course, be otherwise than satisfied of the truth of her belief when, on arriving at the dead house, it was found that the corpse had been already claimed by the other woman as the body of her husband, who had also gone amissing. This put an end for the time, to the more serious side of Mrs T.'s anxiety, and she re- turned home, therefore, comparativly comforted--her relief, however, being the measure of the apparently authentic widow's grief. It will serve to show the certainty of this woman as to the identity of the corpse she had claimed and taken home, when we mention she had applied for and received six or seven pounds of funeral money from the Liver Society, of which her husband had been a member. The remains of the man were buried in due course, and the widow mourned as for the dead of one she could never again behold. Little did she or her friends dream of the remarkable manner in which the genuineness of her sorrow was to be speedily tested. In these days no person expects to see a ghost; neither did Mrs S. ex- pect to see one shortly after the funeral of the drowned man; but if for one awful moment about this time she was under the impression that she saw the ghost of her husband, she might well be excused, for that husband, in propria persona, did actually one evening open the door of his own house and walk quietly into the presence of his realy terrified wife. The case stood thus: as the body which had been buried was not that of the person it was presumed to be, and it was still otherwise unclaimed, the ques- tion arose--Might it not, after all, have been the corpse of Mr T. whose wife was unwilling to believe that her husband was dead? Probability was cer- tainly in favour of such a presumption; and the gen- tleman whom we have mentioned as having inspected the body of the drowned man, and who was per- sonally acquainted with Mr T., returned to his origi- nal belief, holding it more tenaciously than ever, as to the identity of the corpse. Naturally, of course, the arguments which Mrs T. formerly repelled as inadequate, now received some colour of authenticity from the new circumstances. We will briefly refer to these arguments which, as will be seen by the se- quel, are curious in a threefold sense. In the first, place,the husband of a Mrs T. was of short (?) and stout, so was the husband of the other woman and so was the body of the drowned man. In the next place, Mrs T.'s husband wore, when he disap- peared, a neckscarf of a certain pattern--the husband of the other woman wore an exactly similar scarf, so did the body that was found in the Clyde. And Mr T. was known, when he left home, to have one of his boots patched in a peculiar manner; one of the boots of the other woman's husband was patched in the same style; and the boots worn by the dead body, one of them was patched exactly like that of the other two. These triple coincidences were, however, rather curious than marvelous or con- vincing as arguments. Thousands of men are short and stout; thousands of men wear cravats of a similar pattern; and thousands of men wear their boots in the same manner, and are therefore obliged to have them patched in a similar style. Another small coincidence may be added. Mr T. was known to have been a regular reader of 'Renolds Miscellany' and a copy of that periodical was found in the pocket of the drowned man when he was taken from the river. But all such facts put together, (?) arguments, must ever be inconclusive in cases as serious as the identity of a human body. The most singular coincidence in the present affair, however, remains to be indicated. We have already said that the body was a good deal decomposed. This was particularly true of the face, but other parts were better preserved, and especially the left hand, the thumb of which at the bowl was unusually enlarged. Now, this was a particular feature of T.'s left thumb, and when the gentleman whose connection with the affair we have already mentioned went to view the body, one of the first things he did was to examine the left hand to see what size of thumb was (?). His surprize and grief were great indeed when he discovered this remarkable feature on the hand of the dead man, which at once convinced him that the body he saw there was that of his friend. But again begins the singularity of the matter. The husband of the other woman had also an exaggerated thumb, and it was in fact partly, if not wholly by this mark she identified the body as that of her (?) ing partner. Thus, then, the return of the one hus- band as above detailed, proved that he at least had escaped a watery grave; while the continued absence of the other husband greatly strengthened the pro- bability that the corpse, claimed and buried under another name, and on account of which funeral money had been received, was the body of Mr T. These incidents, as already stated, occurred in the spring of 1858. Eight years after Mrs T. consented to marry a second time. But even then, in order to dissipate the possibility of doubt, the widow, before the marriage, visited her first husband's relatives in Ayrshire, to make sure that they knew or had heard nothing of the long-absent man. They assured her that they were as absolutely in the dark as herself regarding the fate of their friend. This was enough. She returned home to Glasgow satisfied, was married to Mr M., her second husband, in the beginning of April last, and up till within two months ago, was living happily with him. About six or eight weeks since the husband who was supposed, and not without fair circumstantial evidence, to have been drowned in the Clyde, pre- sented himself suddenly in Glasgow. The effect of his coming may he imagined. The surprise was, however, speedily over on the one side, and it was soon the absentee's turn to be surprised when in reply to a question, he was informed that his wife was certainly living, but married to another man. The returned husband and his wife--a wife in a double sense--had of course an interview. It was a peculiarly cruel position for the wife, who had for many years toiled and suffered, and only at the moment got into something like smooth water. The question will naturally occur--where was the hus- band all this time? Simply in England, quietly pursuing his trade, and, we many presume, living a comparatively comfortable life. We say nothing about his motives for such conduct, although we heard something about them; but the mere fact of such a prolonged absence in a land of railways, post-offices, and telegraphs, without communicating to his wife or friends a single syllable as to his whereabouts, has by no means a comely appearance. The wife has twenty defences; but for such (?) on the part of the husband there seems no defence whatever. Who the man was whose body was found in the Clyde, and who so closely resembled two men, then alive, is likely to remain a mystery for ever.--Glasgow Herald. 