A MURDERER IN SPITE OF IUHIOEAJ-; uxt LOVE AND ITS MISFORTUNES. ' (From once a Week.) . Thero was a general cackle and shriek throughout the colony. Tho 'Sentinel in its leader, pointed out that hero was an active pilico magistrate, a scion of tho British arts- tooracv. in tho full nossession of health and ptrongth, set on by a gang of ruffians in broad daylight, and held to ransouie. Lionel, who, in spite of oblivion, strongly disliked his cousin, rodo to towu and urged action on tho Oolonial Secretory and the Governor. Ho told them at once that thoy need novor ask tho council for tho money; that he would pay tho sura five times over out of his own pocket to releaso his oousln. Ho urged them to action on that basis, but the Govornor and tho Colonial Secretary hung in tho triud/ and showed a groat hesitation in 'going about.' V Ho is perfectly safe," said his Excellency; "ynu yourself, my dear Lionel, would never piny out a solitary trump without a single court card in your baud. Tho bushrangers have got a poor hand and ono trump; thoy will novor play it until they aro forced." And tbo Secretary said in the ante-room, Wo will try to daal with them for you, only tho froc-pnrdoo business muat bo dropped, i know bow fond you aro of your cousin, And how deeply attached your cousin is to you. I havo heard him speak of you. I porfoctly well know tho relations between you, and soe how generously and Irigh-raindcdly you aro acting. Hut I wish your cousin was a more respectable man. We may get him b ick, but the devil himself will never put his Accounts right. You really must wait." ''Aro his accounts seriously wrong?" asked Lionel. "Over four hundred pounds," ntiwcred the Secretary, sadly ; " ho will lose bis appointment, Ifonr; and ho is so brutul, fio wild, and so fierce, that ho is getting unfit for deceut society. My dear Lionel, I am sorry ft say so to you, but your cousin is a ruffian." " Now, I'll tell yon what I'll do with you," said Lionel to tho Colonial Secretary (prime minister). " If you will get him back I will pay hi winsome and set his accounts right. Will yon do tho other half for mo, jind give these pardons ?" "I honestly don't thiuk that wo will. You heard tho Govornor say that ho is quito safe. Can bis Excellency err? Go along! go along!" By and by "EJtvard IF >rnby canto back to town, ragged mid footsore, in a red shirt and tuolcskin trousers, and resumed his position on police- inspector. Ilia cousin Lionel, through the instrumentality of the Colonial Secretary, had bis affairs put right in Buck n way that Edward ucver know who had dono it. AH that Edward ever said about the matter was that the bushrangers were kind to hiiu, and that he h.id escaped, but was never safe until )io got uoar town. Lionel weut back to bis ptatiou. Ilia pooplo wcro glad to seo him Again, and there scorned to bo no reserve about any of tlieiu, savo one — tho man ' ho' called tho murderer; the man who had tried to fihoot his colonel at Gibraltar. This man was resorved. This mao's expression was Interro gatory, and tbo interrogation was, " How much dofyou'know ?" I am sorry to say that ho liked; this ruffian. This man watched Lionel about everywhere, in tbo wool-shed, in the sheop-yards, in the stablo, and his look always said ono thing— "How much do you know?" At last they spoke. Sumo sheep wcro lost in tho scrubby ranges, tho hunting- grounds of Lionol, - after a gale from tho isouth-wost, nnd Lionol took this man with him on horseback. When they were olono togothcr, Lionel said f' You havo something to say to tnc, Jordan. I have seen it in your Ayes for duys." And Jordan said—'' I havo nothing to ask of you savo one thing — bow much do you kuow?" "About what?" "Well you aro a gentleman, and would not have mo murdered; and thero is no ono to bear us but tho parrots, and 'they won't poach, though they 'cau' talk. About this bushranger captain ?" " lie is alivo aud well, llcynnd that I know nothing of him." "That will do. Don't Bay a word more. But mind . this, governor— '( am tho only real old hand you hayo rounil you ; and I went near death for a girl once, anil I would go near death for Y£u Jf yu kuow anything uioro than you chooso to toll mo, don't let it out among thoso twopenny clyfakcrs and prigs up nt homo. Thero is orders among convicts, I tell you. Tho bigger tho sentence the higher tho station. You havn't got more than a seven-vrar man ftnjoug the lot up except me, aud I'm u lifer. A man who baa his seven ponu'orth, or his four teen penn'orth, unless, he accumulates in tho colony, is only used by such men as mo no a ticket porter. Wo uuiko 'cm fetch and we rnako 'cm carry, but in u business like this wc never trust 'ciur— don't you." " In a business like this?" said Lionel; "what do you moan?" "That is 110 odds of yours, Only if you know anything, don't you talk. 'Wo' know, and ynu arc free from us. So Marks is alive and well, is he ?" " As far as I know," said Lionel. I wish you would 9pcak out." " Do you see that there anfs' nest?" snid the convict. " I sec it." "The day I want to be tied naked on that ants nest is the day I'll speak out," said the convict ; "not beforo. But if Marks comes near us I'll follow you. You arc a queer lot, you swells You are a queerer lot than us. What tbc dickens would becotno of you with our temptations I don't know." It appeared, however, that the bushranger was either dead or most suddenly nnd unaccountably quiescent. For five months no outrage of any kind was reported from any quarter. At the end of that time Inspector Hornby received jutclligcnec of Marks being in hiding in tho mountains in the south ; and getting Icavo, started immediately in pursuit. Tic was not, however, quick enough to catch him. lie made the vermin bolt, however; for two days after bis arrival in those parts Marks rc- appcarcd, fifty miles to the south of him, and sacked a station. Inspector Hornby was almost immediately seen on the spot, but Marks was again too quick for him. A vory few days after, another station was sacked (" stuck up," as they called it), twenty miles further to tho south, and within fifteen miles of Lionel's. He had no women about tbe place, and could easily have ridden to town nnd let Jordan the convict make terms for him, but he would not, Ho determined to stick to his post as a magistrate, and do his duty firmly. Ho rode always armed with his carabine, on his well-trained young horse, and when armed and mounted thus ho was a very formidable adversary for any two or three men. Jordan always rode with him now, also armed. A week passed and nothing more was heard. . Inspector Hornby arrived one night at his cousin's station. He was shaved perfectly smooth, and Bkowed every Hue in his powerful, course, and violent face most unpleasantly. Not an agree able looking man at all. Tlmy had not met since his captivity, and he thanked Lionel in a manly, straightforward way for his exertions towards his release 5 of other obligations to him ho knew nothing. IIo went away smooth shorn in tho morning, in spite of Lionel's re monstrances on his danger, alone, and rode off into the bush towards the mountain. At mid day tlioro came a young mounted policeman, a stranger to that part of the country, asking to be guided iu a certain direction. The way lay through some very abrupt, remote, nnd donscly- timbcrod gullies, on the old hunting ground, whioh had struck Lionel as a very likely place for tho haunt of bushrangers. Ho communi cated this to the trooper, and having dined him, set out with him on hursoback, accom panied by Jordan. Lionel had, of course, his carbine— Jordan his pistols. Tho ranges in which these gullies were situated were densely wooded, except in ono or two places, where, on a spur which flunked one nf tho little glens, there would bo an open, lofty place, of u few acres, free from timber, and just now bluzing with flowers. With these exceptions tho forest was dense. Coming to tiio most sus picions gulley, and feeling themselves tolerably strong, they determined to give it some sort of a cursory examination. The trooper was to go on one side and tbey two on the other. Thero was no sign of the enemy whatever. The trooper rode round the upper end of the gully, with hissword dangling und his carbine on his knee, nnd very soon was pushing on through tho dense scrub on the opposite ridge, about three hundred yards from them. Tbey had gono about a quarter of a mile in this order, when something terrible, sudden, nnd unforeseen occurred. From among some dense ncaeia bushes thero came n little flame of fire aud a puff of smoke. By the time the report reached them, even that short distance, the poor trooper was lying motionless on tbe ground, and his horse had started madly home ward with an empty saddlo. They were well concealed, nnd Lionel felt Jordan's hnnd 011 his arm. ' " Be perfectly still," ho whispered, "and watch." Thero appeared from behind the bushes the murderer of the trooper. A very tall man with a great blackboard, dressed in a red shirt, 11 cnhbagc-trcc hat (liko a sailor's straw hat), breeched nnd booted, most beautifully mounted, and carrying a pistol ready for uso in his hands. " That is Marks," whispered Jordan in nn excited manner; " can't y«u cut hiin over ?" " Not from here," said Lionel, io a whisper ; "it is three hun dred yards off, and my carabine is not rifled." " Wntch him fur a moment," said tho con vict, " and then follow tnc " The bushranger came out into the sunlight, and ppllcd up his horse to look for one instant at the body of the murdered trooper; then ho turned his horse to tbc right down the glen, and rode on at afoot pace through the aromatic shrubbery, which brushed as high as his knees, lookiDg round him defiantly, vet cautiously. Tho other two turned their horses beads the same way as Iris, and kept parallel to him on tho opposite ridge, but behind it, out of sight, and trotting. At a particular point, among some thick green scrub, Jordan laid his hand on Lionel's arm and turned his horso's head. Lionel saw that tin's was tbo place to wait for their man, now coming down the gully ou the opposito ridge. The gully narrowed here, nnd it was evident from tho rocks that the bush ranger must cotno into the bottom, or (ven cross towards them; and on the opposite ride was one of tlioso bald, healthy, flowery spaces which I have noticed beforo. Up all around the forest rose sombre and silent. The' waited but a few minutes when he emerged from the donser forest, riding at u foot pace and loading a pistol, little dreaming, poor wretch, of the fate beforo him. Lionel was determined to ?rrcst this man in otic way or another. Five minutes before, just after ho had scon him murder tbo trooper, lie would have shot him down like a dog. But his temper lind a little cooled, even in that short time, and ho was 110 assassin. IIo got hiscarbino ready, his reins over his left arm, and waited. Tho burii- rangcr canto slowly on among the flowers, which readied to bin kneo, gaudy with his rrd shirt under the blazing sun in the open, llis horse turned down a cattle- track under the rocks towards them. A vivid, gaudy figure, oven among tbo gaudy flowers — u figure never forgotten by Lionel till the day of hU death. " IIo is uear enough now," said tho convict, in a ficrco wirier. « Fire." " I cannot firo Without challenging," paid Lionel, quietly. "Fool!" hissed out the convict; but Lionel did not mind. lie rode quietly into tiro open, nnd, with Iris reins over his left arm, and Iris carbine nt the ' present,' said, in a voice which rung through the peaceful summer forest — "Stand, in tho king's name!" The answer was only nn ill-aimed pistol-shot. The bush ranger hurriedly spurred his horse onwards; but Lionel bad covered hiro with his inexor able nnd unerring carbine. Under these cir cumstances he felt it his duty to society, to take human life; and keeping Iris foresight moving to correspond with tho undulations of the horfc, lie fired, aud raised a ghost which was never to be laid again. The bushranger pitched heavily forward ou Iris horse's neck, aud then fell off ou the left side, the side nearest to Lionel, the right leg hanging on the saddle for one momont, until the last spasm had kicked the foot clear of the right stirrup ; tlieu the limn toppled headlong over, and lay perfectly still, as still as his innoccut victim had laid not ten minutes beforo, and was lying oven now. Lionel's practice with turkeys nnd kangaroos had served him in good stead. He had ridded tho earth of a foul nnd cruel fiend. It was mighty well. But tho old unuttorablo horror which ho had felt after killing poor Cornet Brabazon in his unfortu nate duel was strong upon him now, nnd lie shivered as though in an ague fit. "By G — !" he said, turning to his companion, " I havo killed another man." "You meant to, didu't you ?" said his convict friend, " No! no I no ! a hundred thousand times No.' I call God to witness that I would give my own lifo twenty times, and fifty ycara of purgatory, to bring that poor corpse lying to life again. It wns tho hunting instinct. I never meant it. I will swear " " Swear nt me, if you want to swear," said tho convict; "but stop that particular kind of noise just now. You have shot Marks, the bushrnnger, haven't you, and earned the thanks of both Houses of the legis lature?" With white dry lips Lionel said "Yes." "Is your norvo sufficiently good to go and look at him?" " I am not afraid of corpses," said Lionel, I only fear the ghosts which their memories raise around one." " I ought to sec plenty of ghosts, then," said the convict, " if the memory of all that I have seen, nnd all that I have heard, is to return in the form of ghosts. But it don't." "I speak of what I have done," srrid Lionel ; " have you ever. killed n man?" " Why, no... But stop this talk. We are in awful trouble, Per haps I am to blame. Confound you, you know you havo done Tight. What aro you afraid of? You will find it necesFnry to keep this business dark, for your own sake, for your own entirely. I wish to point out to you that you want at this moment every bit of intelli gence and nerve of which yon arc possessed. Leave the horses to graze and follow 111c." I hud meant to describe the sccno which followed, but find I am getting too close to the edge .of tbe unwritten canons which, very properly, confino tho license of modern fictitious literature. Worse accidents than this present one have happened; but little is gained by speaking of them. I have only to say this: — when the convict had removed tbo artificial black beard from tho head of tho corpse, the face which Lionel saw staring with open eyes was the face of Iris cousin Edward. So the whole tiring went past; only leaving a fresh remorso in tho heart of a very noble and good man. Yomig still, but getting grey. Meanwhile " Cousin.Alice" had perfectly played her ' rolo' as lady Granton. One supposes that in a marriage of arrange ment like hers, the woman is not always over head and cars in love with the man. In her case it was oertainly so. She hud been very lately fond of Lionel, and with all the assist ance of a strong will and a vory careful train ing, could not always forget him even when she had changed her name. Not that she loved hiui still, she only kept a memory of him which grew dimmer day by day, and pre served a feeling of tender kindness for Irim to tho end. Lord Grantou probably knew that their marriage wns ono of arrangement, and that it was dimly possiblo that there might possibly be somo ono else who, under other cir cumstances, might havo boon preferred to him self lie dctcmriucd that his imaginary rival, if such a porson existed, should have no chance against hinj. He was clever, handsome, and wealthy, even for England, and ho gave all these things to her, uud to the task of winning her wholly to Iriinsclf. There was no resisting the frank, noble generosity of tbo man. She got to lovo him belter than all tbc world be sides. She wns ono of the first leaders of so ciety, and had been so for some ten years- was, in fact, twenty-nine, in the full radiance of her splendid beauty; caressed in England, courted and flattered by the highest in Eurnpo as wife of the Euglish extraneous minister— when she gavo a party — inoro select and ex clusive than she had ever done before, a gold plate dinner party ; and whon everything was ready she sat in tho drawing-room with her husband, looking a little anxious. "It is a strange story," said he ; " you should certainly let him know the truth. But why did you nsk him to-night, of all nights? lie will bo tho only person not in office in the room." " IIo wu8 in the colonial government. lie is nn Australian statesman say. The Secretary for the Colonies will know Irim. And, another tiring, I wished to be very ostentations nnd grand 1 ororc him," " I see." Never having dined with a select party of cabinet ministers and ambassadors, I am unable to say what the thing IB like. Lady Granton, however, was a little uneasy nt every announcement. At last, " Mr. Ilortou !" Tuli, as handsome as ever, very brown iu complexion, and slightly grey in hair, though iu age only thirty-three; a remarkable mau even among the remarkable lueu present. Such was Lionel as she 6a\v liiin irim, and knew who ho was. lie was only, after all, in Iris own order again. IIo was very charming. Australians were more so in tlmse days than now, and he was a little Hon even there. Jt was late iu the tvening before Lady Granton got him to herself. She began thus — "Come and sit near mo, wo are quito nloncherc; Lord Granton and myself have been talking over a very old matter to-day, and he h nf opinion that I should speak to you frankly und honestly about it; wo aro. older than wcMvero, and possibly wiser ; do you re member a certain painful parting wlricji wo had, Cousin Lionel?" He bowed his hamlsomo again after so long. Of course every ono knew grizzled head in reply. " Also u letter, which I gave you us an excuse for a very rude dismissal?" Another bow. "So far, then. Do you remember tho writer of that letter, Clara Brahazon ?" " I remember her well." " Forgive me for giving ynu pain, dear cousin. Believe mc that comfort got from believing untruth? i? put worth kaviug. Do you kuow what became of Clara Brabazon?" "No, cousin." " Must I tell the whole sad story, then ? After — after" " After I murdered her brother— yea." After that unhappy duel, ' tho truth about which was carefully couccnlcd from mo by my parents, she got into a state of morbid despair, nnd soon went into a decline. She sent for mo when she was dying, nnd I went to bcr. She bad a confession to make. She told mo she was bcr brother's murderer. She had loved our mutual cousin Edward with all the fierceness of her nature aud her race, and ho had discovered it, at tho timo that slip discovered, or thought she had discovered, that his heart was set in another quarter. You understand me, cousin Lionel ?" " I do, perfectly." " These two unhappy pcoplo maddened themselves, und one another against you and mc ; she ogainst me, he against you; he set my parents to watch us; she, at iris instigation, wrote that letter about your use of my uninc iu a mess-room, and she con fessed to mc 011 her deathbed that it was a falsehood from beginning to end." " That was the letter which led to the duel," said Lionel, calmly. "It was; Edward, our cousin wns the causo of the death of poor young Brabazon by his influence over that.vcry foolish ?nd unfortunate woman; according to the wicked laws of society as they now exist, you had no other choice; I hold you blameless ; Edward with his wicked machinations, was the cause of poor Brahazon3 death." now littlo did sbo dream that the hand which had shot down poor Brabazon had also so terribly avenged his death. Lionel saw it now for the first time; but ho sat perfectly mute. "Here is Lord Granton," said she; "wo need not drop our conversation; lie has perhaps a moment to join us; no, that Neapolitan am bassador has caught him ; my dear cousin, I gave you an answer on that unhappy morning, T fear, curtly, and In anger. I wish you to understand that under any circunistanoes that answer could hare been uo other than it was. Wc, you know, aro not free agents. I knew that before I was fifteen. I never could have given you any other nnswer but the one I did give you ; only I gave it roughly and ruddy, under the impression that you had been play ing with my name. Do you forgivo ine ?" " What I have to forgive, my dear cousin, has been forgiven years ago. If it were otherwise, it i9 not for a mnn liko mc, with the mark of Cain upon my face, shut out from tbc pale of humanity— and I dread the hope of mercy, — to forgivo. If I could accept Homo nnd her doctrines, and buy masses for the dead, I might be happy; but then, I cannot, and then, as Carlisle says, ' Thou fool, who told thee that thou wort to be happy ?' I'll drag along my chain, cousin ; I will try to get nearer to God." Lady Granton was inexpressibly distressed. Her innocent baud was red with this dreadful business about young Brabazon, for it was she who had shown Lionel tho letter, and uho kucw it. Ilcrs was a rare and fino nature, and time, training, and the world had ucver deadened her conscience to the fact that the laws of that society which was her atmosphere, almost her religion, wore, on tho subject of duelling, brutal, barbarous, and unchristian. With tho deadly remorso of a very noblo nature, shown suddenly to her, she felt it more keenly than ever. " I am so sorry for you, cousin," wns nil that she allowed herself to say; "God lias been so good to me. I am so happy with my husband and my obildren, and my wealth and iufiucncc, that I can only pray, as I do, dear Lionel, that I may be worthy of them." " I pray much also," said Lionel, quietly ; " sometimes for death." " We must change this conversa tion," said Lady Granton ; " and if you please we will ucver resume it. Go to God, Lionel, go to God.' "I have been; but ho has not heard mo." " Not answered you ' yet,' I suppose you mean. Who aro you that you should bo answered immediately? Go again, and again, and again. Now this conversation must bo changed once more. Let us talk of our mutual cousin, Edward. He is in Aus tralia, is ho not? How is ho getting on?" " lie is dead." "Dead! IIow did ho die?" " IIo was killed." " Killed ! How dreadful. IIow was he killed ?" "Ho was shot." "Shot! Who shot hiui?" "I said Lionel, calmly ; but the French ambassador was bear ing down on them; so ho went on with a sentence which he had never thought of utter ing — " am not prepared to say who shot Irim, but I havo tho very best reasons for believing that he was shot." And lio carried tho ter rible secret, so nearly let slip, to Iris grave with him. Lady Grantou was calmly smiling tho next moment, " My cousin Mr. Lionel Ilorton, Monsieur G My cousin is an Australian statesman, Monsieur C . They arc beginning already, these audacious Australians, to talk of a state down there, under our feet, more powerful than the ori ginal unexpandiblo mother country. Will you take this Australian in hand and convert Irim from Iris audacity ?" And, looking at the Australian statesman, M. G found him- self wondering what had caused that statesman to expatriate himself in the first instance, nnd whether expatriation was voluntary or involun tary. For Lioucl looked so old, so worn, and so strange, that ho puzzled pood, honest M. 0 completely. Lionel's father died at las-t, and he came into such barren honours as were left to that battered and worn out old line. Ho clung to Iris father, and Iris father to Irim to tho very last. His magnificent and always accumulating Australian property put the old house on its legs again for a time. lie never married nor will marry, and tho title dies with Irim. Lord Poole will die with the deep regrets of tho poor, nnd of all Iris friends, but he will die with his dread secret locked in his heart, as mute us a fox. 