ADDITIONAL ITEMS 'BY THE MAID, anieAANM The Paris Ternpa. says:--Thore is no longer a south and" north 'in' Germany. We are no longer in face of a Prussia of 29,000,000 of; people, but of 40,000,000' until, in the coarse of events, they become 50,000,000 And that there may be no mistake~ as to ter exolusit 'liiilitary oharneter of this powerful agglomeration, that there may remain no dohbt'that it is entirely in the hands of M. do. Bismarok and his royal master, we learn that an amondment having for its objeot the scourity of the fundamental liberties of the German people especially the freedom of the press and the right of public meeting, was yesterday rejected by the Parliament of the norah. It only remains now for the King of Prussia to get thu imperial crown decreed to him, and/to invite the Austrian Germans to take their seats in the German Parliament. this wil ho the crowning of the edifice. lUSSIA. The government is said to be seriously eopttimplgting to introduce' the Gregorian Calopdar ip Russia. This is strongly opposed hy~tbe _Russian clergy, who' declare that the introduction of the Gregorian Calendlar would be equivalent to recognising the Pope. An imperial Ukeso has been published ex tending the emanolpation of the.eerfs',to the peasants of Mingrelis. * A gravedigger inthe cemetery of Tararo (Rhone), named Ttraillon, and his wife have just been tried before the' Tribunal of Cor. rectional 'Police .of"Villefranohe on a number of abominable charges of violation of tombs and mutilation of bodies. He was accused, among other things, of having; while making a grave, out ofl with a saw and hatchet por tions of twocofBus.wlith their contents which projected from an adjoining tomb;, ,of having knocked off the head of a skeleton whiche sold to a quack doctor, who. himself extrsoted the teeth ; and of having buried a' stillborn child naked in. the ground after. having dis, posed of the winding sheet and coffin to a father who had also lost an Infant. Most of the ohargesewore proved,'and;the man was condemned to threo years'. imprisonment, and the woman to three months-of the same punishment.. ,!",, "/ r The Boston Leader says:-" We have re. f coived a visit from Mr. H.'"3. Lane, who has jest visited'tho diamond 'mines of Brazil, and tells us that in taking' the gems from the earth a drivor places his gang of slaves in a mud hole where the gemns are found, and'pane 1 out the earth in the water like gold washers. The negroes are naked, to prevent them secreting the diamonds in'thoir clothes. They are required to work facing the overseer, and forbidden to raise a hand to the face, lest they should swallow the jewels when found. Yet they do carry them away, by becoming so export that they can snap them with their fingers from the pan to tho mouth without do tootion.". The Portuguese Government has prop6goq 'the abolition of the penalty of death for a pommutation into that of har4 1qliqur for P life. M. Niekl~a, professor of chemistry at Nancy, France, has just discovered a circum. stance which may turn out to be of great im. portanco to public beplth~. 6T seems that bakers have been lately in the habit of heat. ing their ovens with' old .painted, weed gqt cheap from the demolitjqq qfgqqsee. . The bread baked in such en oven : acquires poleon. ous qualities from thu white lead, verdigris, and other noxious substances contained in the paint; and M. Nioklds' shoirs that these sub. stances ace absorbed by the crust, and do not penetrate to the crumb:' An extraordinaryant. of foolhardiness was perpetrated a few days back at'Bordeaux. A young man aged about 20, dressed as a sailor, ascended to the lower gallory of 'the tower of Pey-Berland, and finding that he could maont no higher, the internal 'communication with the upper gallery being closed, got outside, and clambered by the projections and asperi. ties up to the statue of the oirgiu, on the top, finally seating 'Himself 'ti the head of the figure, whore he' remained for a considerable time, dangling his legs and smoking cigars. A crowd naturally 'collected below, -and b& oame denser overy moment. At -legth the young inais descended to the'lower gallery by the means mentioned above, and befog theni informed that police officers were coming in quest of him, again got out upon the cornice, and making am sudden spring,_ caught the lightning conductor, and following its rind ings, descended, till a final jump ofiealed to reaoh terra jjrma without injury. Ife the ran down a lyo-streetand' disap eared. , ,Richard Williams,, who recentby delivered aIeeture at. .Buaalo (U.S.) op tbp Moremppi alluded as follows to one of th disolrbing leiuenttsimong. the ;Saintsi-! There is one element among themselves that is troublesome. The general. testimony of the 'Gentiles who have lived in intimate social relations with them is that the young girls (to their honor be it said) are mostly disalfected.. Growing up with it, they have seen the institution with all its abominations,' and: opposed as'it isto all their holier feelings and better instincts, no amount of spiritual thunder can cotirely control them. Here, as everywhere, they are a prlei'eged class, and cannot very well be whipped' or imprisoned. "Like most of the descendants of Ecu, they will talk, and are ever ready to elope with a Gentile who has the courage and can get away with them. They' eaniot marry a Gentile and remain peacefully at home. Very stiarelly thty .refer a whole Gentile to one-tontli gf a Mormon. Thu meat efetl'ttan way of breaking up the whsole system" would ho to send an army of 10,000 unmarried men there. seth protect every man who married a Mormon woman and brotught herto camp. We might in this way get rid of the anisanee without bloodshed or 'incurring" tjo odium of a religions persosuhion." -The first-lieutenant of the .. Viceroy of Egypt's yacht Mashr,, now atToolou, has juest died from exhanation in'consequence of a too ricoroiss fast wbich he bad impisod on himself during the Rhamndan. The distance between Now York and San. Franoisco, via the isthmus of Panams, is now socorately 'ascertained to be 5258 miles-viz, 1980'miles from New York to 'Aspinwall, 48 miles from tAspinwall to Panama, and 3280 miles fromPanama to San Frsnieso.r oe-v,, *A'singulssr cane'..ot'homioide. has 'last Oct. cnrrsd Lt Graveseed. On a recent afternoon, twro yotbhenamed Holmes and Elgar, in the employ of a grocer, were upstairs in their bed room. .. One bad been sent up to call the other down totea, whet' they began to spar with each other insplsy.' Suddenly Holmes took up a pistol and shot Elgar through the head. The pistol belonged to Holmes, and is said to have beenkept loaded as he had been alarmed by' ghost stories. ife had Shown much distress at the result of his reals action, ,but has made no statement as to his motive' for it. The coroner's jury returned a verdict of" manslaughter" against him. . It is stated thaf the 'health of the, convict William Roopell, formerly memiber 6f1Parjia-' ment for.. Lambeth,,, has'.completel'y broken down. When he first went to Portland he worked in the iuarries with the othoersonvicts and his health seemed to improve through the out.door imployment. After a while he ap-: plied to be engaged in doors, and was set to work athbook.binding. This, however, does not appearnto have suited his constitution, for his health"gradually declined, and at length be was obliged to enter the hospital, where be remains but a wreck of the man be once was. This year a celestial phenomenon will occur, which has been only twice recorded in history. On the 21st of August Jupiter will ie seen completely unaccompanied by satellites for asearly two houis. Three of them will be 'invisible on account of 'their 'passing sisnnI taneonsly over Jupiter's disc, 'and the fourth will be immersed in the shadow of the planet. The Cunerd ocean mail contract will soon be terminated in order to reduce the expense for conveying letters to the United' States. The India mail contract will soon terminate for the purpose of arranging a weekly mail communication with Bombay. In 1870 the Dover and Calais 'and' Cape 'of Good Hope mail contracts will terminate if twelve months' notice.is given. In 1869. the West India Mail contract, in 1870 the Brazilian contract, and in' 1872: the Paciflo contract will ter minate after 24 months' notice is given. * The latest triumph of the Atlantic cable is announced in the New York papers. recently received-" For the first time in the world the closing commercial intelligence of London and Liverpool has been published in New 'York on the same day. The cable despatch which we herewith publish, giving the closing qusotations, could not have left*London before 4 o'clock' p.m., and yet wee received in New York at npon of the sarne day. This egives a little less-than one hour for 'transmiesion be twoon the, two cities. This despatch will probably be published in the earliest editionis of the San Francisco papers, say at noon."' A late Prussian: military gazette contains regulations with respect to hostile arms and standards taken in open battle. A reward of 60 ducata is to be paid to overy regiment that -through one or more of its men-succeeds in taking a gun from the enemy while it is being used. Forty ducats is the prize fixed for an ensign conquered under firoe The money so obtained, if amounting to 500 thalers, is to form a fund' for the whole regi ment in .question, for the benefit of both oill cers and men. The Preobytery of Edinburgh, noting upon the " remit" of the last general assembly of the Church of Scotland, have resolved, by 23 to 18, to enjoin the Rev.: Dr. Leo to discon tinue the use of the book of. pr'syor com posed and used by him in Old Greyfriars church, Edinburgh, and to "conduct the prayers of his oongregation in a 'manner con. aistent with .the law and usages) of,' the Church." The minority supported a motion not to interfere. Dr. Lee end others ap. pealed to the Synod. ' I The Commissioners' for' Building the New Courts of Law have commissioned Dr. Peroy, the, gentleman responsible for the heating, lighting, and ventilating of the Houses of Parliament, to examine the working drawings for the courts, and report upon the sufficiency of the proposed arrangements for ventilation. Mr. Macpherson has retired from the editorial chair of the QuaIrerly Review; to which Dr. William Smith, of Encyclopmdio fame and learning, has succeeded. An alarming explosion has taken placo at one of the Manchest-r. gasworks." ''The !eon. eussion was so "great as to 'shatter many buildings in the immediate neiighborhood and to break hundreds of squares of glass. Provi dentially no lives were lost, but -six workmen were more or less injured. All this mischief was accomplished by one "purifier only, fjur others which sursound it remaining intact. The extraordinary case in which the Rev. Mr. Smith; a Roman Catholic curate of a parish near Oarrickmacross, was indicted with two other men for assaniting Mr. O'Beirne, the manager of the 'National Bank at Kells, and two of his servants; lisa just been decided 'at the Monaghan easises by a second jury, the. first trial having ended in a dissgreemont. The assault took place in January last, and Mr. O'Beirne, who,ens it appear-, was simply seeking his rights, was overpowered in afarm house by Mr. Smith and a party of men. He was tied hand and foot and loft lying in 'a damp outhouse without food or drink for' many hours.' There, was a counter charge against Mr. O'Beirne and his men of having asseetaled Mr. Smith. The' bank manager was acquitted, but the priest found guilty,'and esentenced to six mentha' imprisonment-s 'reasul which caused botliwonder and 'excite meet. 