OUR THEATRICAL HOTCH-POTCH. MB. PUNCH—Sir—I'm a hofficer of the Melbourne Club. Fact is, I'm the gentleman has usually stands hon the steps, with my trousers tucked up round my knees, and my little fingers hin the harm holes hof my plush waistcoat—latest cut. I dare say you knowin e, sir- Everybody knows me, from the coroner what looks has if he'd like me to make two guineas' worth hof myself by tumbling hinto the hairy, down to the young vagabond as puts out the street lamps, hand liasks me hevery morning hif I've ever seen a turkeybuzzard. But there, what does hit matter ? Don't we set the fashion to hall the gentlemen has is domiciled hin families hadmitted into society. We hain't to be seen in hevening dress, like them parvenoos hat the Union, has always looks has hif they'd been boiled hinto their clothes, hand wears their furniture dusters for breeches. Ho no! we know hour place hin the world is to show the way hup stairs to society, and when that's done we does hour relaxation genteely. The hother night I strolled into the Royal to patronise the Flying Scud, Hactors has a rule hare a vulgar set, but still they hought to be hencouraged. The Scud hain't a bad sort hof play for the colonies. The Derby scene his first- rate. Going to see hit is like looking through a microscope hat a lot hof picture hinsects, hand fancying you ear them buzzing, hand their feet stamping hover the paper, hand when you hear old " NAT" tUlking to his horse, hand see how fond he his hof hit, you can't help feeling the tears hin your eyes has you think hof Mr. JOHN THOMAS SMITH hand the way he loved his solitary donkey. There hare lots of sporting gents in the pieces, real piercers, hup to anything, from taking tip to making handicaps. Hand there's a young chap, called "WOODBIE," hor "BOOBY." He his a spoon. He's like ha dumb waiter when he sees his young woman, hand tells her he kisses the boots at her door; I hope he liked the taste hof the blacking. Hif he was so far gone, why didn't he bask hif she put her washing hout, hand hoffer to do hit cheap. There's a rum hold chap called " DAVIS," with ha beak like Mr. BINDON. He's just one hof them Brummagem gents has would come hinto dinner with dirty boots, and wash the hair-dye hoff his shirt-collar with the finger-glasses. Hand then there's hold " DICK," the steward. Hif there's ever ha famine hin this town, that man will be cut up and sold by the pound. Hand there's BELLAIR—the man that played the ghost has slept hin mosquito curtains hin Hamlet—he does " Captain GOODGE." He's han hout and hout villain, hand looks has hif he had been born bin a" "screw"-cutting machine. Hand hit's ha treat to see Doer STEWART has " KATEY HIDEOUT." She has ha mob hof little corkscrews round her head, that look has hif they'd been dipped hin a gluepot. Hand then there's the Hirish Colonel in miniature, "MULLIGAN;" hand YINCENT has TOM MEREDITH," with big whiskers like a barber's block; and the hoss himself, which his han architectooral hanimal, with a long neck like a chimney-pot, hand no legs to speak hof. But, take hit haltogether, hit's "a good piece, hand I hope it will run to win. Somebody has hopened the Princess's hagain. They've got the same hold manager, BRIAN BORU, has the boys calls him. That chap was made hin a glass factory hin mistake for a decanter, I'm certain. Why does'nt some firm hin the tallow hor gold export line buy him hup ? He'd be a fortune hif he were carefully concentrated before melting. He halways wears his collars turned down, because he thinks he's like Lord BYRON. From hinformation received from the cook, I hear he's going to hadvertise for a firm to starch his collars on contract; there hain't any in Melbourne capable of hundertaking such an hexteneive job. The Hunchback his ha so-so sort hof play. There's "Master WALTER," has goes lhabout with a stick like a hold rag-picker, hand goes hon hin the last hact like han hexcited steam-engine, such has no earl has hadn't been something better than ha boots hall his life would have done. Hand there's Mrs. HAIR, has talks just has loud has our cook (when she's got to peel the taters), hand keeps going hall night, has hif she was ha bellows driven by ha windmill. Ho ! hit's fine when she gets her temper hup, hand talks till she makes your blood turn cold. Hit's like hearing a knife-grinding machine going just when you're dropping hoff to sleep. There's 6ome hawfully sentimental bits hin hit. Now, I don't believe hin sentiment. I heard ha gent bin the Royal Sunday night, hafter listening to the sermon for an hour, remark he'd rather see Hamlet. I'm hof the same opinion. When ha man pays his money (which I halways do when I can't get horders) he likes something funny, hif hit his only a grave-digger buttering a new loaf for ha corpse. That's why I like the love-making scenes in the Hunchback. That foreign young lady with the English lisp can make love, she knows so much habout hit that I expect she was born liin the Hisle hof Man. Hif she's careful, she'll be married before her mother. Fact his, I think I shall take notice hof her myself. Hif she could make love to HOSKINS has " MODUS," ha man that walks hupon two knittingneedles, she'll never be able to resist me, specially when my new calves arrive. By the way, I wonder hif they'll be charged duty as live stock—Mr. M'CULLOCH'S wig was the hother day. What han hidea to call JOHN DUNN " FATHOM." Why don't they measure by quantity, hand call him ha tun? But I wasn't sorry when 'twas hall hover, hand the principals came hon hand-hin-hand like a string of herrings, with ALLEN looking like ha boiled lobster hin the centre. Hafter that caine the Double-Bedded Boom. There's ha lady hin that farce that looks has liif "she liked a drop hof good beer," has little JOHNNY says. JOHNNY his ha smart boy, hand hought to go has buttons to ARTEMUS WARD. People say that when WARD gets here he's going to hask Dr. MILTON to help him hin lecturing, to make Ins hentertainment more lively. But I ear the dinner-bell ringing, hand though we gentlemen hat the club hare not hin a hurry to hanswer bells has a general thing, I think I'd better stroll hup now has this his the fifth time hit's been rung. So, by-by, PUNCH ; no more hat present from your warmest hadmirer hin the hupper circles, JEAMES PEAKOK 