'. ¡ «3«t, DID THEY H A NU THE^ WUÖNajMANl I '-. ' Br Miss KALEWH/ j ., " ' '.' ' ' CriAPTBR XL. '. ' '.' .'.Vi ' .. Wn'AT BKOAME Or!'.ST..OTB.' '. :,' i JJ i.'Wh en the Lucky went down' Sr.- Cyr, vrV.ó hod u'.y>*frted what strength he hid for' ari emergency -il tili*, struok om for: the snore, and at last reacher: "ant far.from where Aaa. himself landed j hut it wai . i vdtrk:and so stormy that they misaed each other. ' :.'*"Oyr'was weak, and would probably halve »lied of c :>-'?? attd exhaustion bub for the brandy botjle which ho '<?< buttoned inside the brerst of h a coat. Rëpea Iv-isvyaHows of the brandy kept bim alive and ablo ' '-move. The snow an t Bleet was blinding, and be cc " not tell wbieh way he went; he was a little )'t¡ ' headed, too from the. effeota of cold and liquor. ? wandered about, walking miles, : till just st d.tylic , .when the storm slaak-ne I a little,, be (mind himsel m.."the-.road by the o d Welch bouse, He stopped i i looked, remembering.bitterly the first.'timebo saw t ' 'iold boQBs thron.-h just such a storm as this, ' Ile membered how Hetty esme to the door and the welec i ;-aho gave him then, and thought of all tba changes, ( i'.i -bow diirereut it would be if he should apply for ado .sion now. '.-".,-' i i He was growing strangely tired and sleepy, and i ' ''ànpu't to sink down by the wayside and end the mit , t,abje',f«rce his life Ind become, when Amber's plesili fl'tted before him. For her .sake ho fe tts''rai '.otje more s'ruggla. Ile forced himself along toi ', ^fenoe and stood holding on. The last of the bran ,was gone He taust have warmth from somewhere, he couU not live nno her hour. -, tj . t ' His mind wandered ; he fancied himself goingo' . the oil house, and taking Hetty.out of. the'chaml window from the back shed, abd, without'being exuo conscious of what he did, he t crossed 'the jard s '.- etppd.in tha. liëofthe house, looking up at the i -shed.' Suddenly, and, like an illumination,oame I Temembrancó nf the Dark Hole, and how warra it as " to bo there. It was just the place for him »ow. .one would ever think of looking for him there. 1 r' 'cooli) warm and reoruit himself, and after a day or t 'get-out again in the night, go down to the Bhoro, a ?-cross over .to Duck Island, and be at home or ..' more, ?' '' New strength esme to him now; ho conld seshis w '"^brough at last. With a painful «fljrlho raisod hil " '''elf to the rcof of t'e shed, and with his numb ban ' forced open the window and stepped in,; oirefully ol 'ing it after him, and in a few moments was lying ..? the floor back of the chimney, in that old Ha ?'."'Hole. It seemed very plesssnt there to him. Warmth ai j!soeltër fiom the storm-be would not have exekang ". the plsoe for a kingdon. I ' " It wat now daylight-he heard them moving abo .'. down stairs ; bot be was not ofriid of tbsir distur 1 . 'ing him ; and being thoroughly worn out, he ft '^-aalSsp. '-'' Towards night fae awoke in terrible agony. It seemi . to him that bis feet and the tower part of his limbs we ^' envelop >d in abed of burning costs, and were slow roasting threagh. He knew that both har ds and fe ' . wera frozen, and it was imnossiblo for bim to do au, '.* thing for . them then. His head was (not right, bi :still be remembered where he was-the dread of nardu ? - and 'capturo never left him day or night. It wi ? ? possible that soma ono of the family whom he hear ..'moving about might unexpecteily enter bis retreat "he' must hide himself more effectually, ¡ " .. Moving his haids r^stles-ly about in his agony, h felt that one of the boards near him was looie. Itr. '-' quired no great elf>rt and but little noise to força it of '"'land beneath this was assnnga plaae as jany one cool Vdesiro. To be sure- it seemed a good deil like a co (ur ?' rind be shudleroj as he drew the bosrd over him to it ' 'place I r .i 'Beforeths next miming he knew that'walking dow .to the brach without help was impossible; he cou! ?"? noteven »land, lie must make arrangements to si a ? where he was for the present: So nftsr tho family wer ? all asleep at night be crawled abmt tbs house on hi ^ hands and knees, got comfortables and bandages f'o '" bia limbs, and food for - b s stmmoh. ¡Hispreviou -.practice of seeing in the dark, at Newgate, was a . ??' advantag« now ; but bavin; to goon bis hands sni ' knée-i. jof conrea hs oould not move AS quiet or ai fasl \- as bo would otherwise have done. Going up nnd dow " atxtrswas his greatest difficulty; for his Jimba grei '? worse'and worse instead of bsitsr, and he mover ¿lower and heavier each night. The thought tha ..'possibly someone woald see bira, nude him rr rap him solf in a sheet, that he might be snppó3rd; a ghost. Ii '.-this condition Charity Grant, the " birad girl," sav " him on the stairs one night, whoa she was watching tr ,- e^stwho it waa that ate up ber .pies and cakes ant .bread. She had suspected Mathow, but had found i . -.ghost as sho believed, tího vanished so quickly thal ht. Cyr had no time to seo who she »as; and a few , ..pinhts af ter went to her room, having a vague idea ol throwing hitnsalf on her mercy, and getting her to help bini to esi»pe ; for he suffered so in body and mind that existence, in his pr, sent stale was wellinigh int oler " 'able.' But his Appearance frightened her so that she screamed nn I alarmed the home, and search was made far the phantom, but in vain. St. Cyr was now fast '' '^cosing contr il of himself, both physically and ment- ally. He bsd a slow fever, which came at certain ' times of the day, and for awhile he would bs quite " ivil'd. At Buch tim's be made strange noises, which " 'kept'thu house ia alarm, uutil at last 'Squire Wejili ' set at work ono night, as he was sitting; up. with his ' ' -in valid wife, to foi rot tho matter out and have dono ",\Vltl¡¡': ' ¡ '*' There must bo a dog or somothing fastened into '' tho Hark Hole, that has been making nil this (ass, and fiet it's étrange that I didn t see anything of it when I oriked there last week," Buid the'¿quire. He was in '"'"his stocking feet, bat so much the bettor for tr.at. He s .'¡took a lighted candle. Juok was sound'asleep in bis "room. " Ha wutildn't be good for anything if he i ?? wasn't,'* a*id the Squire, as he softly mounted (he Blairs. Mathew, tue, was asleep, but tho '.-quire ' opon'd his door and left it open, so that he could call ' bim in en-e be wanted help. 0\. ?? ?? He oould, by listening ut thc door of the Dark Hole, \- hear the faint m uming. "'' Whatever .it is, it's sick, atid won't be likely to ? fight-long," said the 'Sqnire to himself, as ho cautiously -opened the door. \ 1\. <ils held the light in, There was nothing lo be soon, ? mild tho mnaus, too, had oeased. Buttha 'Squiro was i-?determined to rn*kea thorough piece of work o'it now; if l-.o ripped up every board of tho floor. Ho i--* held'his otadle out tcf-ire him, and sawn place where .the edge of ono hoard was lifted á little above the .i <«thor. The 'Squire stooped. What! a loose board ? ?He turned tho bunni over, and what did be taco? Some '.'.?thing that made him call out, ia a voice that rang like >u at'trnmpet nil uvor the bouje : ' . " .Mathew ! Mathow 1" <> ."It: WHS a fatal ory. It was scarcely ont of his month ,o when tho thing, wtiatevor it was, flaw at the 'Squire's i' throat. ' .But tho 'Squire's wild shriek had alarmed tho house ?>' bold; Ohnriry, Mathew, and Jack all rushing to the o'napot. Tney saw Iisiiuiro Welch on the'floor, a ruy .'ingiing with a strange-looking object, which Charity !-il,iiiiid| with a scream, was the thing she bad! seen on tho .jurtairs. After a fierce struggle tho 'Sqti'ro and tho i 't'thing were separater., and both lay on .the floor np-: 7i parcntly incsp-ihle of motion. . ¡ if'. iMtThe '-'qulre's foco was blaok, and he was gasping M .) for breath. Ho was nenrly strangled to death, and lo.itltóir Bret work was to restore him. Theo Charity oust .-.rlis'glilhoe upon tho apparently dead object on tho floor, f) .«nd turned henoyos away again. ; MI - 'Mt's tho simo thing 1 saw;" she exclaimed. ?i.:Mailiew - wont ? nc, and stooping over, jturnod sad* .'t' dinly white, ¡utul shuddered with horror. 1 ' .i "ir: frit's that uco'jrsed Bt. Cyr! ' burBt from his pallid '. 'lips.- .... - i ? .: itt .M Yes, it was SU Cjr; Bnd beforo noon of the nest !. 'elsy, the poor, 'frozen-handed, frosfn-fjotcd, frensied .«reatnro was delivered over' to the proper «uthoritie«i ; 'hud convoyed- again'to- Haddnm giol, there to bcooh' V.i'irftned and watihedi hynguirtl of toldters injhtscell, till I iooihediiy fixed-for'hlf>e¿eclitión¿ which was'now fast j druwitg niuo. . 'j . 