ROCKY RIVER. Q {FEoi OUB. SrECIAi CoSKESFOSSENiC) • "*" What a blessed invention newspapers are ! Through them we are informed that there has been an almost _ universal heavy fall of rain throughout the colony. North, South, East, and West alike appear to have been favoured, but, as there is usually an exception to a general rule, so in the present instance we are ^unfortunately in the position to prove the axiom. Whilst the rain storm appears to have gyrated around us, we have been favoured with but a few dippings from the clouds hastening on to discharge their bless ings elsewhere. To say that rain is wanted here would be but to repeat a truism which is wearying by its repetition, therefore I will drop the subject. But what else there is to talk about is a puzzle. The latest on dit is respecting an apparition which has been disturbing the rest and awakening terror hP the breast of a few of her Majesty's lieges, not far from Maitland Point, by appearing in questionable shape, but what that shape is I cannot say, nor yet I believe can the persons who were startled by it. For, unlikellaihTet jtliey would no tupeakr to "i t,'or'rf they had spoken it is possible that the supernatural would have given place to something quite in accordance with the common order of tilings. It is ridiculous,tq.. ; hear men and women in this yeaivof grace'"place the . credence they do on statements of this kind. The ' only apparition which haunts us is the ghost of Hope, i for its life has been spun out so long on little or no * food that it has become but a shadow without sub" j stance, never again to be revivified till the clouds drop | fatness. Still, with all our want of rain, the escorts maintain a fair average return, but where the gold comes from is a query not easily answered. The River claims are contributing a fair quota, but, except at the tunnels, most of the miners are scattered about earning a few pennyweights, here and there—a few days in one place, and then in another, scarcely finding where to set their foot with any permanency. The Fulcrum Company, in Kentucky Creek, have suspended operations, registering their claim for want ,. of water. Ditto may be added of many other claims wiucKwbuld yield, good returns were the necessary element, water, more plentiful. I hear that a petition will be drawn out for presen tation to Parliament praying that the money reco vered from the very large amount lost in melting the .gold during the eleven years that precious process has Jbe'en in operation may be spent for the benefit of the community whose it really is. It is certainly a very cool way of doing business for the Government to place it to the credit of the revenue. "Why, it is no more the property of the Government than it is of the private citizen. It would have been more courteous if the Rev. W. B. Clarke's sendees had been recog nised by a portion of it, and I believe the country generally—at least the gold mining population—would have approved of it. However, we intend to ask them to lay it out in such a manner as may confer a boon not only on the gold fields, but indirectly on the co lony, by bringing water and erecting reservoirs where practicable on the various gold fields. It would be impossible to return each individual contributor the amount of his proportionate share, but it willhe com paratively easy to calculate a pro rata share for each gold field, the statistics for calculating such being available in the escort returns. Perhaps they will not give it, but it is as well to let them know we are aware that out of upwards of £430,000 lost in melting gold more than £17,000 has been since recovered and quietly placed in the Treasury. "What an opportunity for the Treasurer- to point to " his savings 1" I have no doubt he will be angry an<| surprised at our im pertinence. Rocky River, 17th April, 1807. ■ 