GRAND STEEPLECHASE-1S67. The grand Legislative Stakes will be run for on Tuesday, August 6— Prince Alfred's birthday— and the event is likely to cause very considerable ex citement. There are seven entries, and taken as a wuuie me} arc as uiisceuuucuus a iui- as ever came on the Legislative Coarse. There are good horses amongst them, and weedy screws who have not the ghost of a chance. I give you below the names of the horses, with some particulars of their history:— ? Crusoe.— A compact well-built animal, in capital condition. He has bien brought up in a warm comfortable stable, tie is not so familiar with the turf as he ought to be; but it is said that up the Darling hb paces are well known; and those who know him bctt have most confidence in hun. He will show good running, and his friends are enthu siastic about hun. Eagle's Nest.— This veteran animal comes out once more, though nobody can find out who are his backers. He has amazing pluck, but he is getting very eld. His temper is rather short, and when it gets ruffled he 'roars a hurricane.' MoitGASDM.— A good steady horse, whose friends are very sweet upon him. This will be his first I ace, but those who have watched him in the pad dock nnd in some private gallops have great confi deuce in him. He has never suffered from flatu lency like some of the animals that have been brought forward. It is saidtliat a little dodger who waL ted to spoil bis running tried hard to force a ball labelled 'squatter' d.nvu his throat a few days ago, but Morganum laid down his ears and snapped so wickedly that the trick was not suc cessful. Stablebot.— A big horse who has teen long used to the road ; bas many admirers in all parts of the colony. His supporters are supposed to be up to a move or two. and are working hard to get htm well placed. He is said to know the course well. Though he is sometimes known as ' kounsevell' he must not be confounded with ' Saniivell,' a small and much inferior animal. Nimble Ninepence.— A^ed. An animal of pure breed, whose pedigree can be traced through many geneiations. He is said to have come from the Arabian stock. He ha* considerable bottom in him, and has shown good running on former occasions. He was once successful in contesting the Assembly Stakes, but he has been beaten once or twice for the Legislative honours. He has pluck without vice, and will tthonr well in front. V I bago.— A rather heavy looking marc wiihgood points about her. So far but few of her friends have made much of her, and there seems an indis position to take her up with anything like enthu siasm. Some think she will be well up in the race, nevertheless, as she is tougher than showy. (iRBYWARD. — A small brute, with a con siderable development of cheek and jaw. He ha3 come forward ac small country gathericg-i, where he has never done much, and his appearance for the Legislative Stakes bas pretty considerably astonished the turf, it is said he is being trained on the new protection horse-feed, and is made to swal ow large quantities of this deleterious stuff every day, the effect of which is already seen in several dangerous attacks of flatulency. His chances are small. These scraps ef information about the horses publicly entered may be interesting to your readers. There is a creat diversity of opinion as to the chances of the several animals. Eagle's Ne&t; aud Grey Ward will, it is supposed by the knowing, be at the bottom of the list. Some are disposed to place money on tbc mare Virago, but it is feared tier friends are not sufficiently active on her behalf. The running will probably be made by Crusoe, Morganura, Nimble Ninepence, and Virago. Stableboy will be well up, but not amongst the first lut. Touchstone. 