THE MORMON THEATRE. BRIGHAM YOUNG'S DAUGHTERS. (From New America. By William Hepworth Dixon.) The playhouse has an office and a service in this city higher than the churches would allow to it in London, Paris, and New York. Brigham Young is an original in many ways ; he is the high priest of what claims to be a new dispen- sation : yet he has got his theatre into perfect order before he has raised his temple foundations above tHe ground. That the drama had a religious origin, and that the stage has been called a school of manners, every one is aware. Young feels inclined to go back upon all first principles ; in family life to those of Abraham, in social life to those of Thespis. Priests invented both the ancient and the modern stages; and if experience shows as strongly in Salt Lake City as in New York that people love to be light and merry, to laugh and glow — why should their teachers neglect the thousand opportunities offered them by a play of getting them to laugh in the right places, to glow at the proper things ? Why should Young not preach moralities from the stage ? Why should he not train his actors and his actresses to be models of good conduct, of correct pro- nunciation, and of taste in dress ? Why should he not try to reconcile religious feeling with plea- sure ? Brigham Young may be either right or wrong in his ideas of the uses to which a playhouse may be turned in a city where they have no high schools and colleges as yet; but he is bent on trying his experiment to an issue. For this pur- pose he has built a model theatre, and he is now making an effort to train a model com- pany. Outside, his theatre is a rough Doric edifice, in which the architect has contrived to produce a certain effect by very simple means ; inside it is light and airy, having no curtains and no boxes, save two in the proscenium, with light columns to divide the tiers, and having no other decoration than pure white paint and gold. The pit, rising sharply from the orchestra, so that every one seated on its benches can see and hear to advantage, is the choicest part of the house. All these benches are let to families ; and here the principal elders and bishops may be seen every play night, surrounded by their wives and children, laughing and clapping like boys at a pantomime. Yon rocking-chair, in the centre of the pit, is Young's own seat ; his place of plea- sure, in the midst of his saints. When he chooses to occupy his private box, one of his wives, perhaps Eliza the Poetess, Harriet the Pale, or Amelia the Magnificent, rocks herself in his chair while laughing at the play. In the aisles of the proscenium nestle two private boxes ; one is reserved for the Prophet when he pleases to be alone, or wishes to have a gossip with some friend ; the other is given up to the girls who have to play during the night, but who are not engaged in the immediate business of the piece. As a rule, every one's pleasure is con- sidered in this model playhouse ; and I can answer on the part of Miss Adams, Miss Alex- ander, and the other young artistes, that this appropriation to their sole use of a private box, into which they can run at all times, in any dress, without being seen, is considered by them as a very great comfort. Through the quick eye and careful hand of his manager, Hiram Clawson, the President may be congratulated on having made his playhouse into something coming near to that which he conceives a playhouse should be. Everything in front of the foot-lights is in keeping ; peace and order reign in the midst of fun and frolic. Neither within the doors nor about them do you find the riot of our own Lyceum and Drury Lane; no loose women, no pickpockets, no drunken and blaspheming men. As a Mormon never drinks spirits, and rarely smokes tobacco, the only dissipation in which you find these hundred of hearty creatures indulging their ap- petites is that of sucking a peach. Short plays are in vogue in this theatre, just as short sermons are the rule in yon tabernacle. The curtain, which rises at eight, comes down about half-past ten ; and as the Mormon fashion is for people to sup before going out, they retire to rest the mo- ment they get home, never suffering their amuse- ments to infringe on the labonrs of the com- ing day. Your bell rings for breakfast at six o'clock. But the chief beauties of this model playhouse lie behind the scenes — in the ample space, the perfect light, the scrupulous cleanliness of every part. I am pretty well acquainted with green rooms and side-wings in Europe; but I have never seen, not in Italian and Austrian theatres, so many delicate arrangements for the privacy and comfort of ladies and gentlemen as at Salt Lake. The green-room is a real drawing-room. The scene painters have their proper studies ; the dressers and decorators have immense magazines. Every lady, however small her part in the play, has a dressing-room to herself. Young understands that the true work of re- form in a playhouse must begin behind the scenes ; that you must elevate the actors before you can purify the stage. To this end, he not only builds dressing-rooms and a private box for the ladies who have to act, but he places his daughters on the stage as an example and encouragement to others. Three of these young sultanas, Alice, Emily, and Zina, are on the stage. With Alice, the youngest wife of Elder Clawson, I have had the honour to make an acquaintance, which might be called a friendship ; and from her lips I have learned a good deal as to her father's ideas about stage reform. "I am not myself very fond of playing," she said to me one day as we sat at dinner ; not in these words, perhaps, but to this effect — " but my father desires that my sisters and myself should act sometimes, as he does not think it right to ask any poor man's children to do anything which his own children would object to do." Her dislike to playing, as she afterwards told me, arose from a feeling that nature had given her no abilities for acting well ; she was fond of going to see a good piece, and seldom omitted being present when she had not to play. Brigham Young has to create, as well as to reform, the stage of Salt Lake City ; and the chief trouble of a manager who is 700 miles from the next theatre must always be with his artistes. Talent for the work does not grow in every field, like a sunflower or a peach tree ; it must be sought for in nooks and corners ; now in a shoe shop, anon in a dairy, then in a count- ing-house; but wherever the talent may be found, Young cannot think of asking any young girl to do a thing which it is supposed that a daughter of his own would scorn. In New York, in St. Louis, in Chicago, no- body would assert that the stage is a school of virtue, that acting is a profession which a sober man would like his daughters to adopt. Young does not bind himself to the fact that in claiming the theatre as a school of morals he has to fight against a social judgment. An odour of vice, as of a poisonous weed, infects the air of a play- house everywhere, though nowhere less offen- sively than in American towns. Against this evil, much of it the consequence of bad tra- ditions, he offers up, as it were, a part of himself — his children ; the only persons in Salt Lake City who could really do this cleansing work. In this way, Emily and Zina may be regarded as two priestly virgins, who have been placed on the public stage to purify it by their presence from an ancient but unnecessary stain. Young, and his agent Clawson, are bestowing much care upon the education of Miss Adams, a young lady who has everything to learn except the art of being lovely ; also upon that of Miss Alexan- der, a girl who, besides being pretty and piquant, has genuine ability for her work. A story, which shows that Young has a feeling for humour, has been told me, of which. Miss Alexander is the heroine. A starring actor from San Francisco fell into desperate love for her, and went up to the President's house for leave to address her. "Ha! my good fellow," said the Prophet, "I have seen you play Hamlet very well, and Julius Caesar pretty well, but you must not aspire to Alexander !" We saw Brigham Youug for the first time in his private box. A large head, broad, fair face, with blue eyes, light brown hair, good nose, and merry mouth ; a man, plainly dressed, in black coat and pantaloons, white waistcoat and cravat, gold studs and sleeve links, English in build and looks — but English of the middle class and of a provincial town ; such was the Mormon prophet, pope, and king, as we first saw him in the theatre among his people. A lady, one of his wives, whom we afterwards came to know as Amelia, sat with him in the box ; she, too, was dressed in a quiet, English style ; and now and then she eyed the audience from beyond her curtain, through an opera-glass, as English ladies are apt to do at home. She was pretty, and appeared to us then rather pensive and poetical. The pit was almost filled with girls ; on many benches sat a dozen damsels in a row ; children of Kimball, Cannon, Smith and Wells ; in some places, twenty or thirty girls were grouped together. Young, as he told me himself, has forty-eight living children, some of whom are grown up and married ; and, since he sets the fashion of attending this the- atre among his people, it is only right that he should encourage his children to appear, both before the footlights and behind them. Alice is the young lady married to Clawson. Zina, whom we have seen play Mrs Musket, in the farce of "My Husband's Ghost," is a lady-like girl, tall, full in figure, moon- faced (as the Orientals say), not much of an artist. Emily we have also seen ; Elder Clawson is said to be courting her. I am told that the flame is mu- tual ; and that Emily is not unlikely to be gathered home to her sister Alice. Gentile rumour— fond of toying with the domestic secrets of the President's family — says that Alice is not happy with her lord ; but this is one of those Gentile rumours which I can almost swear is false. One day last week I had the pleasure of taking sister Alice down to dinner, of talking with her for a long evening, and of seeing and romping with her four brave boys. A brighter, merrier woman I have rarely seen ; and I noted, as a peculiarity in her not common in either Western or Eastern America, that she always addressed her husband by his baptismal name of Hiram. American ladies almost everywhere speak to their husbands as Mr Jones and Mr Smith, not as William and George. The perils of a double alliance with the Mormon pope are said to be great ; envy among the elders, collision with the Gentiles, jealousy at Camp Doug- las, hostility in Washington ; but Elder Clawson is said to be ready to take his chance with Sister Emily, as he has done with Alice, answering, as the Mormons put it, Washington theories by Dessert facts. The first piece we saw was " Charles the Twefth." Where Adam Brock warns his daughter Eudiga against military sparks, the whole pit of young ladies cracked off into girlish laughter ; the reference being taken to Camp Douglas and the United States officers stationed there, many of whom were in the house, and heartily enjoyed the fun. This play happens to be full of allusions to soldiers and their amours, and every word of these allusions was appropriated and applied by the Saints to their local politics. The interference of these United States officers and soldiers with the Mormon women is a very sore point with the Saints, some of their wives having, it is said, been seduced and carried off. Young spoke to me with indignation of such proceedings, though he did not know the offenders as connected with the camp. " They cause us trouble," he said ; " they in- trude into our affairs, and even into our families ; we cannot stand such things ; and when they are guilty we make them bite the dust." I thought of all I had ever heard about Porter Rockwell and his Dauite band ; but I only smiled and waited for the President to go on. He quickly added, " I never had any trouble of this sort in my own family." When Charles the Twelfth referred to the amours of his officers, it was good fun to see the Prophet rolling back in his chair, convulsed with merriment, while the more staid Amelia eyed the audience through her opera-glass. 