Our Portfolio. FREE SELECTION'S COMING. W.M.H. FANNY FERN. FREE Selection's coming, boys! Free selection's coming : Each man will now become a laird, Ilk Scotchmen get a brow kail yard; And wives and weans wi' meat well saired Sing Free Selection's coming. Free Selection's coming, boys ! Free Selection's coming; Cross-cuts will be all the go, The plough and harrow, rake and hoe. And all will reap for all will sow Since Free Selection's coming. Free Selection's coming, boys! Free Selection's coming; Sheep-walks will be trod by men; Cattle runs resound again, The echos of the glorious strain, Free Selection's coming. Free Selection's coming boys ! Free Selection's coming, The monkies now may get to pot, Or take the bottle, or the rot The ground they feed upon will be bought. Since free Selection's coming. Free Selection will come, boys! Free Selection must come Then let those who would retard, The playing of this winning card Be haunted, beaten, all but tarred. For free Selection has come. Parlors versus Gband Saloons.—There is something home-like, comfortable, and snug, implied in the word parlor. It conveys the idea of a bright, cheerful, well-furnished cosy room, with (at this season) a blazing fire in the ample grate, and a tortoise-shell cat, the emblem of domestic content, curled up on the hearth rug. Fashionable people, as a rule, despise parlors. They have " reception" rooms, " draw ing" rooms, " salons," and for family use, most unparlor-like basements; but the neat sitting rooms in which the gentlewomen of former days darned their husbands' old stockings and knitted new ones, are not to be found in the huge brown stone edifices, where modern pre tension keeps its state. There the comfortable is entirely sacrificed to the imposing. Vast apartments, across which you can scarcely recognize the features of an acquaintance, without an opera-glass, are indispensable to the proper entertainment of the " best society." To fill a suite of such apartments with people that the master and mistress of the mansion don't care a button about, and that don't care a button about one another, is the supreme ambition of our Bank Note Aristocracy. Family Wobship.—Philip Henry made a business of family worship in all the parts of it; and in it he was uniform, steady, and constant, from the time that he was first called to the charge of a family, to his dying day ; and ac cording to bis own practice, he took all occasions to pres9 it upon others. His doctrine once, from Joshua xxiv. 15, was, that " family wor ship is family duty. He would say sometimes, "If the worship of God be not in the house, write, ' Lord have mercy upon us,' upon the door, for there is a plague, a curse in it." It is the opinion of Archbishop Tillotson, that " con stant family worship is so necessary to keep alive a sense of God and religion in the minds of men, that he sees not how any family that neglects it can in reason be esteemed a family of Christians, or indeed hare any religion at all.' How earnestly would Mr. Henry reason with people about this matter, and tell them what a blessing it would bring upon them, their houses, and all that they had. -He that makes bis house a little church, shall find that God will make it a little sanctuary.— Life of Philip Henry. Preachers and Preaching.—l can imagine nothing more disheartening to a clergyman, than to go to church, with an excellent sermon in his coat-pocket, and find an audience of twenty five people. I was one of twenty-five, the other night, who can bear witness, that having turned out, in a pelting rain, to evening service, the clergyman preached to us with as much eloquence, good sense and zeal as if his audience numbered twenty-five hundred. You may ask why shouldn't he ? If he believes one soul is more value than all the world, why shouldn't he ? Merely because there is as much human nature in a clergyman as in anybody else. Merely because he is, like other people, affected by outward influences; and a row of empty seats might well have a depressing physical effect, notwithstanding his " belief." When I go to church I want to carry something back with me wherewithal to fight the devil through the week. I don't want the ancestry of Jeroboam, and Ezekiel, and Eeranhappuck raked up and commented on; or any other fossil dodge, to cover up the speaker's barrenness of head or heart. I want something for to-day—for over-burdened men and women in this year of our Lord 1867. Something live; something that has some bearing on our daily work; something that recognises the seething elements about us, and their hearings on the questions of conscience and duty we arc all hourly called on to settle. I want a minister who won't for ever take refuge in " the Ark," for fear of saying something that conservatism will hum and ha over. One day I heard this remark, coming out of church where that style of sermon was preached: " Well—what has all that to do with me ?" Now that's just it. It expresses my idea better than a whole library conld. What has that to do with me ? Me individually—bothered perplexed, sore-hearted, weary me, hungry for soul-comfort. I think this is the trouble; ministers live too much in their libraries. If they would set fire to them, and study human nature more, the world would be the gainer. They need to get out of the old- time-crusted groove. To stir round a bit, and see something besides Jeroboam; to know the tragedies that are going on in the lives of their parishioners, and find out the alleviations and the remedy. We have got to live on earth a while before we " get to heaven." It might be as well to consider that occasionally. It is quite as important to show us how to live here as how to get there. I don't believe in a person's eyes being so fixed on heaven, that he goes blundering over every body's corns on the way there, If that's his Christianity, the sooner he gets tripped up the better. I saw a " Christian the other day. It was a working man who, noticing across the street a little girl of seven years trying to lift with her little cold fingers a bundle and poise it on her head, put down his box of tools, went across, the street and lifted it up for her, and with a cheery " there now, my dear," went smillingon his way. Self-Reflection.—The general aversion of men's spirits to this so necessary work of self reflection is one of the most deplorable symp toms of lapsed, degenerate humanity. " The wickedness that hath overspread the nature of man, and a secret consciousness and misgiving, hath made men afraid of themselves and studiously to decline all acquaintance with their own souls; to shun themselves as ghosts and spectres; they cannot endure to appear to themselves. You can hardly impose a severer task upon a wicked man, than to go and retire an hour or two, and commune with himself; he knows not how to face his own thoughts ; his own soul is a devil to him, as indeed it will be in hell, tho most fright ful tormenting devil. Yet, what power is there in man, more excellent, more appropriate to reasonable nature, than that of reflecting, or turning his thoughts upon him self ? Sense must here confess itself outdone. The eye that sees other objects cannot see itself, but the mind, a rational sun, can not only pro ject its beams, but revert them; make its thoughts turn inward. It cau sec its own face, contemplate itself. And how useful an endow ment is this to the nature of man! If he err, he might perpetuate his error, and wander in finitely, if he had not this self-reflecting power : and if he do well, never know without it the comfort of a rational [self-approbation.— John Howe. Public Wobship.—lt is true, we have a place of prayer in,our closets. "We have one in our families ; and happy is he who delights to retire from the world to hold private fellowship with his God ; and blessed is that family whose daily devotions present them to the notice and and care of tho God of the families of the whole earth. " The voice of joy and salvation 13 in the tabernacles of the righteous." But it is not to be forgotten, that the same authority which has instituted the duties of the closet and the family, has established also tho obliga tion of public and social .worship : " not for saking the assembling of yourselves together." In truth, every other mode of worship, however important, is inferior to this. Private prayer is designed principally for personal purposes; family worship for a blessing upon our relations, circumstances and pursuits. Public worship includes these and more. Large and general intercession is reserved for public assemblies, and for this reason, that God will be sought publicly, that it may be publicly acknowledged that every good gift is from above. "If two or three of you shall agree on earth as touching anything that they shall ask, it shall be done for them of my Father which is in heaven." — Richard Watson. Marbiage Brokers.—By a poetic license, marriages are said to be "made in Heaven." In France, Italy and Germany, however a good many of them are made by those factors of Cupid known as marriage brokers. In Paris these gentry advertise their matrimonial stock on hand in the daily papers. If they are to be believed, they sometimes have titled eligibles to dispose of, and the French are such an odd people that it is as likely as not their announce ments to that effect are true. In order to spare blushes and prevent unpleasant scenes, the broker's establishments are provided with what are called " private observation rooms." These apartments have peepholes in tho wainscotting, through which a gentleman can be reconoitered by a lady, or a lady by a gentleman, previous to a personal introduction. If the private view is unsatisfactory on either side, no inter view takes place. This plan, as ingenious as it is simple, saves the feelings of parties connubi ally inclined from being mortified by a cold shoulder reception. When a lady or gentleman is suited with a spouse, the go-between expects douceur in proportion to the joint property of the happy pair in relation to which he institutes the most searching inquiry. All this is very mercenery, very demoralizing, very disgusting; but after all, it is not so bad as the factorlike way in which fashionable matrons not unfre quently "dicker " off their fashionable daughters. Mothers in this country (and of course in other countries, too) often act as brokers for their marriageable daughters, and are handsomely pensioned off on the proceeds of the transactions. Bad Mexobies. —The human memory is pro verbially a leaky vessel, and sometimes, like a filter, it retains the refuse of matter committed to its keeping and suffers the more valuable portion to escape. Often in writing or speak ing—more especially in speaking—we vainly ransack the " chambers of the brain" for a much needed word, while fifty other words that we do not want obtrusively suggest themselves. There are specialties in forgetfulness which are exceedingly annoying, and make the parties afflicted by them look like fools in society. Yet these unfortunate peculiarities do not neces sarily imply mental weakness. Persons of ex traordinary intelligence have been known to forget their own names, -and there are others who are as oblivious of dates as if they had never seen a numeral. Blessed are they who like William Pitt or Lord Macaulay, can always find tho word or phrase appropriate to the oc casion. A prehensile memory, that clings like an ape's tail to whatever it embraces, is truly a great gift; and yet the faculty may belong to a simpleton incapaple of usefully applying any thing that he remembers. We have seen pro digies of retrospection who were absolutely good for nothing except for purposes of reference. Let no one who cannot "find words" when he wants' them, and the right words too, ever at tempt the role of orator. He will infallibly break down. In writing one can afford to wait for the truant symbol of thought to return to its place in the mental vocabulary or take time to hunt for a substitute; but that sort of thing won't do in the face of an expectant audience. If you founder they laugh, or perhaps hiss, and then where are you ? Business.—Webster attaches only six mean ings to the word business but it has at least five hundred. It is the generic term for all the multifarious employments of mankind, and it is inextricably mixed up not only with the coarser affairs of life but with its romance. Poetry, lioye, and Religion, are compelled to avail themselves of its matter-of-fact fellowship, and whoever would scale the height where " fame's proud temple shines afar" must depend upon it as the. mountain-climbing Swiss upon hiß alpen stock. Write an epic or a novel, and when Imagination has finished the work, the next business iB its publication. You may look upon it with your eye in a fine frenzy rolling ; but the eminent firm of McType & Co. won't see it in that light at all. They will scan it with a single eye to the main chance, and appraise it, if at all, by its mercantile value. Business, they will tell yon is dull, if they think your production will not " take." If you ha?e already made a name in literature, either by the force of inherent merit or through the interest of the Mutual Admiration Society, they will, and very properly too, pay you a round sum for that, because fame is a business staple, while uncertificated "thoughts that breathe and words that burn" are worth but little in a "business point of view." When Milton was "inglorious Milton," the great publishers pooh-poohed his manuscript ; nor have " the trade" altered much since his time. Tennyson can sell a line of his manuscript for more money to-day than he could have obtained for a ream of it when he was a new beginner. We don't blame the publishers, however, for not throwing away money on the efforts of un known genius. Business is business, and it is their business to make safe bargains. When an author has obtained celebrity, it is his business to " make it pay." The lover is apt to be inter rupted in the midst of his extatics by parental inquiries about his business prospects, and if he doesn't happen to have any the chances ar« that he will be told to go about his business. Young ladies, too, in this shrewd age, not un frequently make it their business to ascertain before they pair, whether the matrimonial nest is likely to be lined with golden feathers. If not, they seldom object to sacrifice preference to prudence, sagaciously deeming that love with out lucre is a decidedly poor business. In fact, the modern Temple of Love, like the ancient Temple at Jerusalem, is much infested with traffickers, and marriage engagements, like gov ernment contracts, are in too many instances nothing better than venal business transactions. Thus it is that, for good or for evil, what is called " business" is interwoven with all human intercourse. Life itself is a business, and ,it depends upon the manner in which we fulfil the duties which it imposei upon us, whether it shall prove a good basinets or a bad business for us in the end. 