TO A FRIEND. WILLIAM BURNS. South Brisbane. OH! Davie, lad, if we could see But into dark futurity: But as ye ken that canna be, We maun remain The way we are contentedly, WT troubled brain. Thing* we hae done we wudna do, Gates we hae ran would not pursue,— If a' our actions were seen through, The maist is eril; My want wish, friend, then is to you— . Beware the deeviL For oh he has a ready airt Our passing moments to divert, And likes to stir up in the heart Rank rile mischief; I hope you'll play a better pairt, An'cheat the thief. He Is a gruesome wylie earl. An busy in this sinfu' wart. An at the human heart does tirl To get admittance, Nor winna seek ye for to Mrl, To him yer tippence. Te who claim Scotland for yer mither, An' independence ca yer fatther, May you an' yours be spair'd thegether, Hearts free o' can. While I conclude my rhyming blether, An' add nae mair. YOLUHTBBB DXILL FOB SINOU M>H.— Fall »'*—love with some good and industrious young woman. Attention —pay to her faithfully and respectfully. Sight/ace— inpoppingthequestion like a man. Qmick march —to her parents, and ask their consent. File right —with her to the church, andjgo through the service of matrimony. Halt—mad reflect seriously upon the new duties which you have assumed, *nd then perform them. Bight about face —from the haunts which yon frequented when single, and prefer yonr own home. Advance armt —to your young wife when out walking with her, and never leave her to trail behind. Break off— staying out at night, and other bad habits, if you wish to have a happy home. Nattsbb.—Perhaps, the first pleasurable emotions of an outward kind, to whioh the be reaved heart is awakened, are to be found in the deep and simple enjoyments of nature. Even on the barren mountain and dreary moor, on the ever-flowing waters, and the ever-changing clouds, " No spot so narrow, be bat mature there, Ho waste so vacant, but may well employ ■•eh faculty of sense, aid keep the heart Awake to love and beauty!" To those whose eyes and hearts have long been dosed, whether by sickness or sorrow, but are again opened to the soothing influence and gentle harmony of nature, " The meaaest floweret of the vale, The simplest note that swells the gale, The common earth, the air, the skies," are, indeed, to them " as opening paradise," and, insensibly, they "feel that they are happier than they know." Dbbaxlahs.—The power which in our wak ing moments is employed in correcting there ports of the various senses by oomparing them with one another, in »T»mining the evidence of all the impressions made on the mind, and test ing them by the analogy of its past experience, appears in sleep to be, in most cases, totally suspended. If, for instance, an impression is made on any one of the senses, the fancy im mediately oonnects it with tome cause which has produced the sensation before, or has been considered likely to do so. This is the philo sophy of the ghost whioh is said to atterf pork suppers. The weight of undigested food in the stomach is readily attributed to some external cause: fancy combines all her ideas of the horrible, and represents a monster seated on our chest, or rather to crush us with some great weight. That this want of co-operation in the faculties is the cause of some of the most curious phenomena of dreams, is evident from many well-authenticated facts. Dr. Beattie speaks of a man who could be made to dream anything by whispering in his ear. Dr. Gregory relates of himself that, having once occasion to apply a bottle of hot water to his feet when he retired to bed, he dreamed that he was ascending the side of Mount Etna, and that he found the heat of the ground almost insufferable. Persons who have had a blister applied to their heads have been known to dream of being scalped by a party of North American Indians. Such are some of the well-known phenomena of dreams, but there are others even yet more startling. Miskatohbd Ooraß.-Matrimony cannot change human riiaracier, and when two persons of essentially antagonistic natures are unfortu nately united in its bonds, it is only by the, ex ercise of mutual forbearance that they can hope to lire together in peace and amity. Intellect, therefore, should never mate with imbecility, nor principle with immortality, nor purity with groseness. No good ever came of such unions, yet they take place every day. Passion blinds the judgment in these eases, and when the love lamp goes out and the ordinary daylight looks in, one of the parties, at least, is sure to stand aghast at the realities which it reveals. The most foolish thing that a fool can do is to marry a highly-gifted woman. His vanity—for au weak men are vein—is sure to take fire at the discovery, which will soon be forced upon him in spite of his stupidity, that his wife is his su perior. Uheisof a brutal nature, he will en deavour to shelter his natural inferiority behind his marital authority, and taunt and torture the being who, by right of mind, if not by laW, is his suierain. If, on the contrary, he falls helplessly into the position of a dependant, and submits quietly to be guided and governed by the stronger nature to which he has allied himself, he will simply be pitied and despised. In either ease, he will have cause to regret that be married above his intellectual degree, and the lady, that she stooped to conquer. More un fortunate still are those mis-unions in' which baseness is made the yoke- fellow of virtue. Love, or anything approaching to it, is impos sible in such eontigencies. Who can feel any affection for what is vile and mean—who respect what is gross and sensual ? Not all the marriage vows that ever were made before priest or deacon can compel the heart to an allegianoe so monstrous. Nor is the low-souled man, mis allied with a lofty-minded, pure-hearted woman, muoh less miserable than she. He is not capable, indeed, of the acute anguish to which her keen sense of shame and consciousness of degiadaliou and wrong continually subject her; but, according to his currish nature, he suffers. It has been well said of such a man, that he becomes wretched when the idea dawns upon him that the woman who does his bidding, and submits to his humors, is, in fact, his superior, and ought to be his lord; that she can think a thousand thoughts beyond the power of his muddled brain; that in the head on the pillow opposite to him, lie a thousand feelings, mental mysteries, latent scorns and rebellions, whereof he only dimly perceives the existence as they look furtively from her eyes; treasures of love doomed to perish without a hand together them; sweet fancies and images of beauty that rnigh^ grow and unfold themselves into flower; bright wit, that might glitter Uke diamonds could it be brought into the sun; and the tyrant in possession crushes the outbreak of all these, drives them back, like slaves, into the dungeon and the darkness, and then chafes at the thought that his sworn bondwoman is rebellions—his wretched subject nndntiful and refractory at heart, if not in deed. Bm-Suix to* thb Old.—Take coarse, lean beef, with a small quantity of suet; run them through a sausage cutter, or chop them very finely; add pepper and salt; make them into cakes three quarters of an inoh thick, and cook as you would beef steak. The poor will find it cheap, and the rich nearly as good as the choicest cuts. To Pbbskbtb Ice.—Put in a deep jug, cover it with a plate, plaoe the vessel on a pillow stuffed with feathers, and cover the top with another pillow carefully, thus excluding the external air. Feathers are well known bad conductors of heat, and consequently the ice is preserved from melting. Dr. Sewarz says, that, in this manner, he has preserved six pounds of ice for eight days. Thb following is an easy method of detecting whether the red color of wine is arti ficial or otherwise: —A small piece of bread or of sponge which has been well washed is dipped into the wine and then placed in water. If the color is artificial the water will be at once colored; otherwise the color will not be ap parent for half an hour. 