GUN DA BOO. FI10M OUR CORUKSI'ONDENT.I January 4. — Tho weather is exceedingly hot arid dry. The thermometer stood yesterday at fifteen minutes past two at 0!) deg. in tho shade, and a very strong draught was blowing in the place at tho time. 1 ho day before it was 98 deg., and from all appearances it is likely to bo very hot again to-day. The weather is having a very great effect on the wheat; all the wheat about hero it now dead ripe. In a great number of instances the reapers have to soak the bands in water before they can make them. Men are also very scarce, although a very high price is offered. A considerable number here arc complaining of sickness, and I think the hot weather must have something to do with it. Small Debts' Court — The umal monthly sitting of this court was held on Wednesday by Mr. Calvert. Two of the cases set down for hear ing had been settled out of court. In that of Messrs. faylor and Co. v. Donald, in which there was no appearance by defendant, a nonsuit was entered because in the plnint it was not shown that, tho court hart jurisdiction— i.e., it did not set forth that the debt was contracted within three years. Emeu Creek Gold-Field.— By proclamation the following is declared n gold-field, in pursuance of the provisions of the Gold-fields Act of 1880: — Tho Gold-field on Crown land in the county of Montengle. within the watershed of Emu Creek, from its source, downwards, to its conlluence with the Tiagong Creek, to be called "The Emu Creek Gold- field." St. Clement's Church of England School. Yass. —We are requested to intimalo that the dis tribution of prizes at St. Clement's will tuko place in the schoolroom on tho afternoon of Wednesday next, at three o'clock. DisEAXus in Sheep Act. — A proclamation appears in a supplement to the Government Gazette of Tuesday last, defining the districts to be sheep districts under the Diseases in Sheep Act of 1800. Tho following are included : —Gnnlburn, embrnoing the police district of Goulburn : Oundagai, em bracing the police districts of Gundagai and Tumut ; Queanheyan, embracing the police district of Qooanbeyan : Wagga Wagga. embracing the police district of Wagga Wagga ; Yass embracing tho police district of Yass: Young, embracing the pu'ice districts of Biualong nnd Young. Government Inspection of Hospitals and other Institutions. — On the 22nd December Inst an act was nssented to to make provision for the inspection of hospitals and other institutions aided from the public revenue. It will, no doubt, be within tho recollection of our readers that we have repeatedly contended that institutions which de rive a portion — and that portion no inconsiderable one— of their revenue from the State should be inspected by some person deputed by the Govern ment. so that the intentions of the grants mny be carried out. The bill that lias passed the Legis lature does not. in our opinion, come up to. what was contemplated by its author, and it is very doubtful whether it will work out the object iri view. The first section gives power to tho Go vernor, with the usual advice, to appoint an in spector of public charities, the duty of which officer, under the directive instructions of the Colonial Secretary, shall be to visit nnd inspect all hospitals, orphan schools, nnd charitable institu tions which are wholly or in part supported by grants from tho public revenue ; these visits, &o.;, to have reference and be directed solely to the proper appropriation of the public grants in aid, and the efficient conduct of such institutions. By tlio second section the Colonial Secretary can per form any of the duties nnd exercise any of the powers. of visitation, &c..; conferred upo.n'tho in spector of public charities. By section 3, every public institution that receives aid Ironi tho public revenue shall at all times submit to the inspection, as provided for by this act, or by any special board duly appointed, and any director, trustee, super intendent, &e.;, or any other person, resisting the inspection by wilfully refusing admission to premises, withholding books or accounts when ap plied for. or by any other act, shall be liable to a pennlty not exceeding for any one offence, the sum of lu/. The 4th section provides that tho inspec tor of public ohnrities shall, before the 3 1st day of January in each year, lay before the Governor, &c.;, a detailed report on the condition and work ing of the several public institutions, oopios of which shall be laid before both Houses of Parlia ment. The 5th section empowers the Governor, with the like advice, to appoint any magistrate or other person resident in any place whero a me chanics' institute, school of arts, ifce., or other similar institution is established with aid from the public revenue, to visit, inspect, &e.;, upon the state and working of such institution, nnd the person su appointed shall, as to such institution, hnvo nil the powers of inspection. &o;„ conferred to the inspector of public charities. The remaining sec tions. three in number, enact that all penalties under the act shall be recoverable in a summary way before two justices, that tho act shall come into operation on the 1st January, 1807, and that it shall be cited as the Public Institutions Inspec tion Act of I860. Lands Office.— We have beon requested to state that a letter for Micliuel Sullivan is lying at this office. j Clerk of Petty Sessions at Yass.— Mr Stiles who has so long held office as Clerk of Petty Sessions at Yass. has resigned the appointment, and it is stated that the Attorney-General has appoint- cd Mr. O. J. Poole of Goulburn to the vacancy. Feloniously Wounding at Buriiowa. An oc currence took placo at Burrowa somo time be tween Wednesday night and Thursday morning which might liavo resulted in a fatal issue. While a person named James Downey, who. we believe, lives at Gegullalong. was passing by the public- house, kept by Mr. Thomas Ryan, for the purpose of getting a horse he had left there or thereabouts, Ryan, who was standing in tho verandah, dis charged a double- barrelled fowling-piece at him without any sufficient warning. Tho gun was loaded with shot, which entered tho ribs, nnd penetrated the arm below the thick part of the muscles. 1 ho shot that entered the body were ex tracted bv Dr. Campbell, who was sent for from Yass. Tho wounded man was conveyed to town yestcrdny and placed in the hospital, where every attention has been paid to him by Mr. and Mrs. Stenhonso. Wo understand that unless any un favourable change takes place ho will probahly bo convalescent shortly. Ryan was taken into cus tody, brought before I the bench, and admitted to bail. Different versions of this occurrence have been current, and it would be hard to say which is the correct ono. Burton's Oirous. — We have been requested to state that Mr. Henry Burton, whose admirable management of the equestrian circus' known by his name for the last seventeen seasons, has re sumed the personal directorship of the same. The circus will bo at Biualong on the llth, Yass on the 15th and 16th, Gnndaroo on the 17th, and Queanheyan on the 18th inst. 'iiiK Council of Education. — Tho members of the Council of Education, under the Public Schools Bill, wero on Tuesday appointed and gazetted. Tlicy arc as follows :— The Hon. George Allen, Esq.. member of the Legislative Council. Tho Hjn. William Muonings Arnold, Esq.. Speaker of the Legislative Assembly. The Hun. James Martin, Esq.. member of the Legislative Assembly. The Hon. Henry Parkea, Esq.. member of the Legislative Assembly ; and John Smith. Esq., M.D.. Professor of Chemistry and Experimental Physics in the University of Sydney. Reserve from Lease.— It is notifiod in the Gazette that five square miles at tho town of Greu- fell, Einti diggings, Emu Creek, have been with drawn for public use. The description inoludos part of tho Brundnh run. New Insolvent. — John Newman, brickmakcr, Wagga Wagga. Liabilities. 101/. 10s. Assets, 25/. Deficiency, 130/. 16s. Mr. F, T. Humphery, official assignee. Industrial Schools Act. — A proclamation in Tuesday's Gazette declares that this act shall come into operation on the 1st January, 1807, and take effect' from that date accordingly. Government Land Sale. - On the 25th February a sale of Crown Lands will be held at Gundagai. The country lots arc situate on Snowball Creek, on the left bank of the Murrumhidgee River, near McEvov's, about 34 miles S.W. from Gundagai. The suburban lots aro in the southern environ of Gundagai. The Schoolmaster Abroad.— The following advertisement appears in a contemporary : — " Owing to tho pressure of the times vacancies for thrco boarders, occurring in a first-class ladies' school are. for tho senson, offered at reduced terms. Address " &c.; Debts Dub to Newspapers. — The following, extracted from the Western Examiner of Saturday, is. we regret to say, equally applicable in this district: — "We desire to draw the attention of sub scribers to a matter personal to ourselves. For some time past, large numbers of them have bucrt getting into arrears, so much so that last quarter, we believe we are within bounds in stating, not one- fourth of our list paid up. In the previous quarter matters stood pretty much the same. We might go farther back and repeat a similar com plaint. Scoing tlmt tho times had bocn had. wo iiave not been hard upon defaulters ; but have waited patiently in the hope that they would at last pay lip. It is not in our power to wait any longer. The production of this journal every week involves a heavy cash expenditure, which must be met. When this goes on for three, six. nine, and. in some eases, twelve tnonLhs without any return, our readers will realise some of the difficulties of our position. Although our need lies at times been great, wo have never uttemp'ed to enforce payment by harsh means, in the hope that by showing consideration to others, wo should receive like treatment at their hands. Bur. we hare not. We must be just as well us generous. We now appeal to the good faith of defaulting subscribers to settlo up without further delay. We should bo sorry to be compelled to have recourse to what are generally termed " harsh means ;" but in the ca=e of accounts of long standing thoro seems to be no other al ternative. If defaulting subscribers would only bear in mind that their failure to pay has been a great and serious hindrance to us. they would not regard the determination at which we have arrived a? a harsh one. We respectfully solicit an imme diate settlement of the accounts ; and we regret to say that, with reference to those of more than six months' standing, wo must use legal pressure. Wo are sometimes met with tho Uimsy excuse that defaulters have not been waited upon. This can not bo done, in numbers of cases, in consequence of distance and expense. In order that there may be no excuse, we invito payment in postage stamps whero the amount is under /." The Appointment of Mr. Donnelly as P.M. — A telegram to the S. M. Herald, dated from Bathurst on Wednesday jast. states :— Mr. Donnelly held a meeting at Soiala. on Friday last, resigning his position as representative of the Western gold - fields. lie said he had promised the electors that he would only hold the seat so long us he could act as an independent member. Owing to the depres sion of tho times, which bad affected his circum stances, he felt himself bound to resign his seat, and therofore returned the trust they had reposed in him. The arrival of tho news that Mr. Donnelly has beon gnzotted police magistrate of Cannonbar, lias very naturally created some surprise here. The Bathurst Times in a leading article to-day, ob jecting to the appointment of a P.M. at Cannonbar, gives an extract from a letter received from a resi dent of tho placo. in which tho writer affirms that the appointment is unnecessary, as the township only consists of a public-house and store, and that it is only a squandering of the public money to gratify one or two interested persons. The Bushrangers Again. — On Monday evening, between five nnd six o'clock, Mr. James Hylaud, who manages Mr. Summers's store at Redbank, was returning homewards from Mudmelong after having beon out collecting money on behalf of his em ployers. When near a place formerly known ns Sweeney's Flats, ho saw three men on horseback with red blankets under their saddles. They were all carrying firearms nnd crossed tho crock in the direction of the range. .. lie wns told hy some parties that he met that they were Messrs. Hezckinh Watts and party returning from mustering cattle on the Moruya River. Ho consequently took no particular notice of them, but still had a shrewd suspicion that all was not right, and what made him more cautious on coming to Cavanagh's Hill, ho suw the three men stop amongst the brushwood, but not liking to act on his suspicions and run away, be proceeded past them and stopped a short time to transact some business with a man whom he met near Favourito Flat. Ho then saw two of them leave their ambush and come towards him, whereupon he turned his horse and walked it slowly back. The men were then about seventy yards from him, but he could not distinctly recog nise them at that distance, tho suspicion being still strongly impressed upon his mind that they were the outlaw and his gang. In the meanwhile a friend camo towards him to whom he stopped to speak, when the bushrangers (for they were near enough to be identified) made a rush towards bim. Tommy Clarke, who was first, singing out " bail up," at tho same time cocking his rifle. Mr. Hy- land replied. " Ilallo. Tommy, is that you !" and putting spurs to his horse, galloped up the ridge, jumping his horse over logs and other obstructions that lay in his road. Tommy Clarke pursued him, but the second rojin, Johnny Clarke, out across the road to intercept him, but he managed to out ride them. One of them sang out to tho third man who remnined in ambush, " cook your pistol and lookout." Tho third man then rushed out of his cover and orossed Mr. Hyland, but at such a pace that he was unablo to stop his horse. Having them all behind him Mr. Hyland gave them leg bail for it. and although they chased him for up wards of a mile, he escaped, and gave information to the police, who immediately turned out to look for them. — Braidwood Dispatch. Oi'esino of the Railway to the Fitzeoy Mines. — The extension to the Fitzroy mines will probably be opened in February next, perhaps not till March ; but the date has not yet been fixed. — Goulburn Herald. Sale of Station. — Tho Tuppnll station, with 48,000 sheep, the property of Messrs. Watson, hns been sold to Mr. Rutherford, for 60,000/. — Denili- quin Chronicle. DEATH OF GOULBURN CELEBRITY. — On the night of Monday last died at the advanced age of of seventy-eight, Edward Pinches, more commonly called Pincher, who was something of a town celebrity. For about twenty years past, until within the last two or three months, he has acted as bellman for the auctioneers and others, and oc- casionally as bill-sticker, his loud and clear voice admirably fitting him for the former situation. Some short time back, being no longer able to perform the duties of bellman, the auctioneers de- termined that in future they would dispense with this mode of giving publicity to their sales. Pinches was a very decent, well-behaved man, and by frugality had saved a little money, and passed his later years in comfort. He leaves several grown-up children. — Goulburn Herald. A Victorian View of the Bunno Schools Bill. — The Melbourne Leader says: — Disgusted with the ordeal to which his Education Bill was subjected in the Upper House, Mr. Parkea, not long ago, threatened to abandon the measure altogether. Fortunately, lie thought better of it, and the Public Schools Act is now tho law of New South Wales. If the Council has been cruel to some of Mr. Parkes's theories, it bus, at the same time, given his measure a more practical churacter than it possessed in tho embryo stage. Our' own Royal Commissioners may borrow several really valuable suggestions from tlio Publio Schools Aot. Tho act also doubly improves the condition of the teachers, who are to be appointed or removed by tho council of education, and not to be the obedient humble servants of locnl correspondents or village mischief-makers in committee. Upon the whole, it would be an excellent bill, if it contained a pro vision fur compulsory education- aprovision which would seem to be still moro necessary the other side of the Murray than hero. It is well to have done so much in spite of tho furious opposition it received from the champions of denominationalism. Dead Body Found in the Darling. — On the 7th instant the polieo stationed at Wilcannia (Mur- ohison), received information that a shepherd named Thomas Leisk. in Mr. Ross Reid's employ, hart seen on the previous day a dead body in the river, about thirty miles from the township. On the following day constable Johnson went to tho spot, and seeing the body still floating, brought it to the bank and examined it. but could discover no marks_ of violence nor anything to lead to the suspicion that death bad occurred from violence. The body was then interred. There was no money nor papers on the remains, but from subsequent inquiries the constable learnt that Leisk had seen deceased alive on tho 29th November in company with a man named Williams, camping near where the body was afterwards found. Leisk added that deceased appeared to be then perfectly insane, and tliat. apparently, from the effects of liquor ; and that Williams was endeavouring to got him to the next station, a distance of four miles, but that do- ceased, refusing to travel further. Williams went on without hiiu. Lcisk's statement was corrobor ated by a storekeeper in the same employ, of the name of Alfred- Fitzpntrick ; ho also saw decensed a week before he was found dead, and also be lieved him to bo then mad. Deceased's name is unknown; he appeared to be about forty yenrs of age; 5 ft. 9 in. in height, and stoutly built; he bad sandy hair and whiskers, and was dressed in n Scotch twill shirt, moleskin trousers, and high-low boots. The police, on tho l lth instant, hnd not been able to communicate with the man Williams, who is supposed to be able to give further particu lars. — Dsniliquin Chronicle. In Insolvency. — Singular Application — On Monday last in the insolvency Court, his honor said that ho had received, by letter, a peculiar application hy the solicitor of the petitioning creditor, seeking the issue of a warrant to attach the salary. The correct mode of applying for warrants, beyond those issued ns ol course, is to apply iu person, in chambers, grounded on affi davit. In this case it seems that there is no power to attach a salary in tho hands of tho Colonial Treasurer, .and., there is no power given by statuto save by application hereafter under section 100. — Herald, Tiie Circuit Court at Deniliquin. — The ap proaching sittings of this court, to be opened here on tho 14th of next month, promises to introduce to the district a large array of gentlemen of the long robe. Mr. Justice ITnrgravo will preside, and among the representatives of the bar who will then attend are mentioned tho Hon. J. Martin, Premier : Mr. Isaacs, Solicitor- General ; Mr. Butler, Crown Prosecutor ; Mr. Mnntnguo Stephen. Mr. Darley, nnd Air. Dawson, of Afol bourne. — Chronicle. Deniliquin. — Although wo have had an occa sional hot day, tho summer hitherto has been par ticularly favourable in these parts. Lnscelles's cattle were at Went worth a few days since— 500 fat, 1200 store, and 1500 were near that placo. Tho crossings at Deniliquin have bocn lew during the weok, viz., 250 head of fat cattle, from Cowl Cowl, on Saturday, and 2000 head of fat sheep (Wren und Dosnilly's) on Tuesday: 000 fat bullocks, Keighran's, Irom Merungle, crossed at' Mnude yes terday. reportod to be splendid cattle. We hnvo no sales to report of much consequence. Mr. Graves, for Ryan and Hnmmond. sold a small lot of fat sheep (Air. Walter's) at a fair figure. The demand for store stock is moderate, intending purchasers aro waiting for the unsold molis that are advancing. Weather fine. River Edward is rapidly rising. — Pastoral 'Times. Beauty and the Beast. — At one of the picnios yesterday, a young lady attended by a young gen tleman wnndered away from their party to take a quiet stroll together. Engrossed with each other —whispering soft nothings, &c;„ forgetting all, hy all forgot time flew unheeded by. and their walk had extended to somo distance, when all at once "love's young dream" wi. rudely dispelled, and romance became stern reality, A huge specimen of the bovine race was advancing towards them, manifesting considerable displeasure nt the lady's white muslin dress and parasol. Tho lady sank terrified at tho lover's feet, who, like a true gallant, bravely stood his ground, nnd gesticulated wildly at tho assailant. But the nniinal did not care a bit for being " squared " at o la Tom Sayers, nor was he dismayed in the least at tho queer sounds and shouts which emanated from tho gentleman, but camo on stendily, with a dangerous look in his wicked ey es. What was to be done ? Thero was neither stick nor stone at ha-.d ; besides, to leave the gentle being at his feet at the mercy of the beast for a single moment was impossible. All at onco it flashed across his' mind that ho had a bottle of gingerbeer or sodawater in his pocket, which he had bad tho forethought to place there in case the lady should require it. Ele was about to throw it at the animal s head, when, as luck would have it. tho cork flew out with a sharp bang, hitting the bullock right on the nose, and the contonta of the bottle, being well up, flew fizzing and spattering into his face and eyes. Astonished and bewildered nt this reception, tho animal turned tail and made " tracks " into tho bush id the greatest terror, the young gentlemnn accelerating tho speed of . the bullock's retreat by attacking him in the rear with tho empty bottle, his aim with whioh was so true that tho shot took effect, and the gallant was left I master of tho field. — Bendigo Independent, The Value ' of Service in Sydney. — At the Water Police Court on Tuesday, Ellen O'Brien, 19, domestic servant, was brought up, charged with stealing four 1/. notes, tho property of John Young, shipwright Jenkins-street. Mrs. Young stated in evidence that the money in question was missed from a pocket- book that had been placed in a table drawer in her bedroom. Prisoner, who was in her employ, left it suddenly, nnd without notice, the evening on which tho money wns missed, and did not return. She hnd received four shillings a week as wages, but immediately after leaving was found to have obtained a quantity of now npparel. Pri soner, who denied stealing the money, was commit ted for trial at next Qunrtor Sessions. — Herald. A Romantic Marriage. — For some time past there has been residing upon one of the stations on the Lower Alurrumbidgce, a very sharp, shrewd aboriginnl, acting thero in the capacity of stock man. Upon tho samo station, a widow of pure European blood hns also been living as a domestic servant. The lady, after a while, beonme recon ciled to the loss of her depnrted lord, nnd again sighed for the blissful pleasures of married life. In the sylvnn solitudes of the Lower Murrumbidgee all prejudices disappear, and ns no eligible suitor of the Caucasian type appeared, the lone and tender widow soon learned to look with eyes of love upon the dnrkie stockman. His heart wns touched with sympathetic fire, and matters pro gressed so favourably between them that after a short courtship they exchanged mutual vows of eternal love, and agreed to cast in their enrthly lots together. For this purpose they rode into Wagga Wagga, nnd were one day last week, at the office of tho district registrar, joined together in holy matrimony. They then returned to the sta tion together, and of their further adventures wo know nothing. - -Wagga Wagga Express. Ministers' Visit to Albury.— Border Gos- toms. — We condense from Wodnosdny's Border Post Air. Martin, and Air. Eagnr have come and gono. This time there were no escorts of citizens turning out to accompany them the last few miles of their journey ; there were no triumphal arches, no bands playing " See tho conquering hero," no grand bnnquets. and no speechifying. The public have been so bamboozled by,the visics of Cowper, Robertson, Parkes, and other pie- crustean pro- misers, that they thought no useful purpose could bo served in extorting pledges from Mr. Martin nnd his colleague. The Border Customs Abolition League took an opportunity of haring an interview with Mr. Martin. They presented him with a copy of the committeo's first report to the members of the League. That report embodied a full statement of the working of the Border Customs, and the measures proposed by the Lengue for remedying the grievances complnined of. Air Martin was thus furnished with full information, which he could take in his pocket to Melbourne and use at the intercolonial conference, if he so desired. We regret to say that tho explanations of Mr. Martin show but n faint prospect of our getting freo trade across the Murray, although ho is willing, as far as possible, to mitigate the evils wo suffer from. In other words, this " great constitutional griev ance." ns Air. Parkes very properly called it. is to bo tinkered up, and made somewhat to resemble real free trade : although the genuino article is not to be conceded. Some of the half-digested and impromptu expedients proposed by Mr. Alartin nro as follows : — He would have a Customs' officer on every senboat, so that goods could be landed any where along tho Murray without delay. A more liberal interpretation is to bo put upon the Customs' regulations, ns regards small parcels ; and tho package and ad valorem duties nro not to bo charged except upon goods in certain quantities. Buggies, it is suggested, should carry a oertifieato showing there had been a duty paid upon them, just ns the owner cf a horse enrries with him the receipt from the last vendor. Vehicles so accredit ed it is proposed to cross free. As to tho excessive charges made by Qustom-house ngents.Mr. Martin said that a Government form should bo supplied gratuitously by all dustoms officers, so that those wlio art-hod to pnB their own entries would no longer be competed to pay the Customs agents a high price for the orthodox form i which form lias hitherto boen periodically nltercd by tho Customs' agents in ordtfr to compel people to purchase from them nloijf Respecting the rates charged by Customsgents. the Government could not in terfere. but if thero was not enough competition, additional agents eould bo nppointed. Mr. Alartin thought that the only substantial grievnnce wns the stoppage of colonial produce from getting to n market. But Mr. Alartin when pressed ns to the mode in which lie would arrange theso produce duties gave an explanation which showed his slender acquaintance with the subject. lie took it that wine, tobneeo. nnd perhaps oats, constituted tho only articles we wished to got into Alotorin free of duty, and ho supposed that if his Government allowed Victorian candles or any other articles of locnl produce to cross duty free from Melbourne, a compromise could be thus nrrar.gcd At the interview a hint or two was dropped con cerning separation, and Ministers were very firm as to their intention of sticking to Riverina nt nil hazards ; but we tell them plainly that unless some thing more tangible in the way of securing justice for the interior is started, tho independence of Riverina is nn event not so very distant as they may imagine. Addition to the German Population at Albury.' — We are now receiving a considerable nddition to the Germanic population of tho Upper Murray in tho shape of twelve families of Germans from South Australia, each travelling with stock and plant in their respective waggon of the old build of ages gone by. We learn that they have been in South Australia for some years, but belioving they can do better in the Albury district, they have sold out, and are determined to try their fortune in fresh fields. We further understand that they are the precursors of nearly a hundred more families intending to follow.— Banner. The Trades Marks Act — The first prosecution under tho Trades Mark Prevention Act took plnce last week, when a person named Thomas Jecks, alias Young, wns charged with placing a coun terfeit trado mark on a bottle of sauce (Lea and Perrin) with intent to defraud. The prosecution took plnce at the instance of Mr. Joseph, as ngent for tho sale of Messrs. Lea nnd Perrin's, ofLondon, world renowned Worchestershiro sauce. Tho evi dence disclosed that Jecks for a long time past has been in the habit of manufactnring a spurious article, and after affixing Lea and Perrin's private, trado mark, of selling it as the genuine imported article. Tho charge was fully made out, and he wns committed for trial at the cnHuing Criminal Court. It would hnvo been interesting if tlio spurious artiole had been analysed, ns we should then have known of what ingredients it was com posed. Thero is no doubt that many trade marks are fraudulently used in the colonies, nnd this prosecution will in all probability be the means of calling attention to the fact, and lead to a partial suppression of_ tho illegal practice. In wines, spirits, and oilmen's stores, purchasers gen erally accept the brnnd as a guarantee of the genuineness of the articles, nnd it is well that the law has stepped in and made it criminal to forge the labels. Those who have travelled into the country know wod that in tho majority of-cases the brand on the article is perfectly vnlucless, nnd the palate must bo had recourse to nB a test. In a sanitary point of view also the aot will prove useful, as it will prevent injurious ingredients from being mixed with tho genuine article. A chemical analysis of the food nnd drink retailed in the colony would prove interesting, nnd very likely bring to light the fnct thnt a largo quantity is adulteratod before itreaehes tho consumers.— Freeman's Journal. Dead or not Dead.— Tho residents of Linton (« rites our local correspondent) were thrown into a state of excitoment on Wednesday, Iflth De cember, from which they Becmed to be only, partially recovered on the following day ; and the inherent gravity of the subject of the commotion was in signally ludicrous oontrast with its circum stantial surroutidings. Airs. Farquhar. an old in habitant of the locality, had rocontly died, the j doctor had given the usual certificate of death, Air. Austin, registrar, had duly chronielud the decease in his obituary record, the undertaker, Mr. Nelson I hnd suppliod the coffin to order, and the deceased had been laid therein by her Borrowing friends. ' Amongst those present while the sad office was beiDg porformod was a neighbour, Airs, Tulley, who imagined that the face of tlio deceased was lying a littlo too high for tho coffin-lid, and sho thoughtfully removed the cushion bolstering up the head of the deceased, and put thereunder a pair of drawers, neatly folded up. Tho deceased, now partially coffined, was allowed to rcmjiin in that state till Wednesday, the day fixed for the funeral. On proceeding to complete the coffining process, the head of the deceased, which had not been properly cogged, swerved to ono side, the hands movod, and to the terror of the bystanders a movement of the features was asserted to have taken place also. Some of tho more stout-hearted of tho spectators then commenced making a sort of post mortem examination of the deceased, and eventually they felt satisfied that tho heart was still beating. A cloth Was then laid before the mouth, and fresh proof of the vitality of the de- ' ceased waB considered to be found in her having respired so as to damp the cloth. At this trying stage of the affair an influential person hastened for the doctor, who forthwith repaired thither, prepared to phlobotomiso and administer restor atives. Without Waiting to see the result of tho doctor's experiments, however, some rather quick witted individual gave out a report that the doctor had bled the deceased and given her a glass of brandy, and that she wns then up and walking about. In a few minutes tho story wns circulated all over the township, and created nn immense uproar. Mrs. Austin apparently being the only unbeliever, and that upon the ground that tho de ceased could not be alive after Mr. Austin bad registered her death. Mr. Nelson, probably a littlo chagrined at the idea of having the coffin thrown upon his hnnds, predicted tlmt tho doctor and the registrar would " get in for it," and affirmed that when the deceased was being coffined he felt tho clammy perspiration on the body, and bad a mis giving that tlio woman was not dead. Eventually the doctor returned home, indignant at having been sent for, the coffining process was concluded, and while the hubbub was yet at its full height tho funoral procession came down the mnin street on tho way to the Linton Cemetery.— Ballaarat Star. Melancholy Case of Poisoning. — An inquiry respecting the death of Francis Brown, chemist, of Pitt-street, was commenced on Monday before the city coroner. Constable James Ward stated that about six o'clock on Monday morning, ho was informed that a man hnd poisot ed himself; ho went to the 6hop next to Mr. O'Brien's, nnd thoro saw Francis Brown lying in tho shop apparently dead ; two or threo persons were also in the shop, and wntor was being poured over Brown's faco to try nnd revive him ; Dr. Milford arrived imme diately after, and pronounced life to be extinct; he found a letter lying on a tnblo in tho bouse, ad dressed to Mr. F. T. Ilumphcry, official assignee, and marked " immediate ;" the letter was as follows : — " F. T. Humplierv. Esq. — Aly mind is bo confused. I cannot comply "with the rules of tho court. I have lost everything, even tho very paper you sent mo yesterday ; t cannot go on any longer ; my child is dying, nnd I have not funds to pay for its funcrnl. I am mad— raving mad at times, but am now a littlo more collected. Plenso send some one to tnke charge of the place, or it will all be lost; I am in a raging fever. I civo up every thing that is left; nnd may God forgive mo for not making it support my wife nnd family, which I have endeavoured to do. I have had too many enemies to fight against. I remain your obedient servant. F. Brown. December 31. 1806." Charles Walton stated that ho had been assistant to Mr. Brown, but left his service about four days ago; Mr. Brown had lately been Bomcwbat excited about business matters, and become insolvent : nbout a fortnight since Mr. Brown snid he would take ft dose of prussic acid, as lie could not stand it any longer— referring to previous difficulties; bo Bnw Mr. Brown on Sunday afternoon, and also in tlio evening ; Mr. Brown then nppearcd to bo quite ohnorful. and bid bim good night; about six o'clock on Alondny morning, a Airs. Cole called at his residence, nnd nsked him to gonndseo Mr. Brown : he went, and found Mr. Brown extended on his back on tho floor of the shop ; the moment he entered tho shoo he perceived a strong smell of hydrocyanic acid, commonlv known us prussic acid ; he smelt deceased's breath, and detected a slight smell of hydrocyanic acid; Mrs. Brown and Mrs. Cole were in tlio room ; be wnnt to where tho prussic ncid was kept, and found the bottle empty, he then poured a couplo of ounces of olive oil down deceased's throat, and bathed his head with cold water ; near to where the prussio acid bottlo .was kept lie found the graduated measure, which smelt strongly nf pruFsic ncid ; Dr. Alilford ar rived nnd he handed him the measure ; he believed Mr. Brown was in the habit of taking prussic acid in the mornings ; from what Mr. Brown said three weeks ago, he (witness) removed tho prusBic acid and strychnine to his owd residence, fearing Brown would destroy himsolf; but ho afterwards returned them, thinking that.AfT. Brown would not carry out his threats. Mrs. Brown, widow of decensed, stated thnt lately her husband had ex perienced a great many difficulties, and on Sunday night last wns very melancholy, but retired to bed rather better than usual ; when the awoko on Mon day morning, he was not in bed ; he went to tho bedroom door about half-past five o'clock and open ed it but did not go into the room ; thinking it strange, she followed him down stairs, and when bIio got to the surgefy door she heard something fall; she went into the shop and found deceased lying on his back groaning; the front door wns closed and he was tho only person in tho shop; she spoko to him, hut he made no answer; she called Airs. Cole, nnd Dr. Milford wsssontfor; deceased had been much nnhoyed about business, but thero was nothing in his manner to indicate that his mind hai beon impaired ; he told her on Sunday that ho had receivod a paper from Mr. Humphrey about taking stock, and said that his ipind was so confused that ho thought he should not bo ablo to do it ; on two or three occasions during the last week he had threatened to do away with himself: decensed was troubled with heart disease, and when excited suffered from palpitation of the heart. Ho lias left three children. George F. Dansey stntod thnt ho was a duly qualified medical prnc- titioner, and a member of the Royal College of Surgeons, London ; he hnd nttended the deceased within the Inst six weeks ; deceased complained principally of pains in- the head, nnd was very ex cited and nervous ; he had seen decensed in such a stato ns to be incapable of distingtishing between right nnd wrong, and not responsible for his no tions ; deceased had said to bim thnt if bis troubles did not pass away quickly he should go mad nnd take poison. The inquiry was adjourned until the following day to allow a post mortem oxnmination to be made. On Tuesday Dr. Milford stated tlmt he had made n post mortem examination of tho body. He found the heart perfectly sound nnd healthy, hut from the general appearance of the body he had no hesitation in saying that Francis Brown died from having taken nn overdose of prussic acid , there wns nothing in the nppearanco of the brain to show tlmt deceased suffered from derangement of tho intellect. Verdict — " Died from having tnken a certain poison callod hydro- cyanio acid, commonly known as prussic acid, whilst labouring under n fit of temporary insanity." —Herald. Dreadful Tragedy at Sofala.— On Christmas Eve, about ten o'clock, jour usually quiet town wus thrown into a state of excitement by the report that murder and suicide had been eommitted by a man, by outtiug his wife's and his own thront. The report only proved to be too true, nnd a more ghastly and revolting sight could not bo imagined than the one that met the oyes of the peoplo run ning to the spot, where a man lay on the road with his throat cut from enr to ear, and in a house oIobs by a woman in a similar state. A magisterial in quiry was held yesterday morning, by H. Bridson, Esq., P.M., when the following particulars were ascertained : — A man named Robert Oorff hnd Bome disagreement with his wife and her parents, and, bv the advice and interference of the latter the wife refused to live with the husband, but. both were nevertheless in the babitof meeting occasion- ally on 'the bank of the river near the residence of the wife's parents. 'On Christmas Eve Robert Oorff was seen sitting with his wife near the house, when the cries of the baby that was with the mother were heard by a younger brother of the wife, who 'coming to the spot discovered Mary Oorff lying on her side with her throat cut. and Robert Oorff on his hands and knees. The boy immediately made known what he had seen, and the poor woman wns 'removed to her parents' house, where both Dr. Hinton and Dr. Walker were in immediate attend- ance. but both doctors declared the case hopeless, and the poor woman died within the hour. Sergennt Casey found the man lying dead in the road, with hiB throat cut from ear to ear and a razor in his hand. It is most extraordinary how such a deed could be committed, within a few yards of a public- 'houso, stores, and private residences in tho town, on such an evening, when so many people were wnlking about, without drawing attention to the spot. Since the above was in type we have re ceived a copy of the evi ienco taken at the magis terial inquiry, which we subjoin : — John M'Guiness, .junior, being dnly sfcorn, said : I am son of John M'Guiness. of Sofaln. I have seen the body now lying in the old lookup; I identify it as the body of Robert Corff, who was married to my Bister Mary ; I saw the deceased alive last night about ten o'clock; he was talking to his wife, my sister; 1 was standing with my mother at our own door. They wero on the bank of the river, near Anderson's public-house, and distant from our house about thirty yards. I heard mother say to my sister, " Mary, are you coming home- it is bod-time P" My sister said, " Yes mother." In a few minuteB' time I heard the little boy my sister had with her scream, and mother said to me, " Run down, John ; there is Robert beating Mary." I ran down at once, nnd found my sister lying or. her side. I saw that her throat was cut, and that blood was running out of the wound. Deceased wns on his hnnds and knees ; his throat wns also cut, nnd I saw the blood pouring out of his neck. Ho had an open razor in his right hand. My sister's baby was lying under the deceased, nnd "was covered with blood. I picked it up and called out, "Mother, Bob has cut Mary's throat and his own too." I ran away nnd gave tho child to some body and then went for tho police. I know that my sister and deceased were not living happily together. — John Myers, being duly sworn, said as follows : I am in the employ of Mr. Smeed, at the Two-mile Creok. _ I have seen the body in the old lockup. I identify it as the body of Robert Oorff, who was also in Mr. S'me.ed's employ. Yesterday deccnsed and I wero working together at hay making. Deceased went to his dinner about noon, nnd did not return to his work until four o'clock in the afternoon. I said to him, " Where have you been, Bob P" Ho said, "Writing." Deceased came in with mo from the Two-mile Creek to Sofula last night about eight o'clock. He changed a cheque for \l. at Mrs. Flynn's public-houso. We had two nobblers together. About half-past eight or nine o'clock deceased said, " I have an appoint ment to meet my wife ; I must go.' He was then quite sobor. When he was going away ho said, " If I could get my wife to come down and have a dance, I should be a happy man." On the wny coming in from the Two- milo Creek, deceased said to me that last Saturday night his wife had re fused to wash a shirt for him. He seemed very much put out about it, but said that he did not blame her so much as he did the old people, her pnrents. — Walter Cassels Casey, beingsworn. said : 1 am a sergeant in the police force stationed at Sofala. Last night, about ten o'clock, I was on duty in the town. I wns standing at the corner of Denison and Davis streets. I saw a disturbance in the direction of Anderson's public-house. 1 at once went over. As I passed some , one said, " Sergennt, there has been murder committed in tho river." As 1 went down tho bank of the river I met Mr. and Mrs. McGuiness, and another man ' carrying a woman whose cIotheB Were covered with blood. Mrs. MoQuincss snid, " Oh. ho has mur- dored my poor girl j" I said, " Where is he P" She answered, " In therivor." I wont down to the river, and found deccnsed lying on his back. IIo had a razor open iu bis hand. His head was nearly cut off. and blood was running from the wound in spurts. I put my hand under his shirt, and felt his henr't beat several times. He died almost im mediately. The distance from where I was stand ing to where I 'found the deceasod is not over forty yards. I at once sent for a surgeon, and loft tho body in charge of constable McLeay. I wont over to Mr. MoGuiness's, where I saw Mrs. Oorff lying on tho lioor. Her throat was cut,, and I heard Dr. Walker say she 'could not recover. I had the body of the deceased man removed to the lockup. On searching the pockets I found the letter I now produce, addressod to Mr. Walford, Sofala. I took it to Mr. Walford, who told mo to open nnd read it. I did so. I now produce the letter "To Mr. Walford, Sofala, 24th December, I860. Dear Sir. — t have come to the conclusion to depart this lifo, as my cruel wife will live no more with me, nnd I cannot live without her, she is my life, my light. I took my dirty shirt to her to get it washed. She told me she could not wash it, so then I said ' Oh ! the old people have been putting something in your head '—no answer— ' Well then.' said I. 'take it and mend the sleeve and I will wash it myself.' She said she could not. so I throwed it at hor. She told mo to come to her no more, but to send ray money by anybody. Well, it grieved me to the heart. I then said ' My dear, I will come to-morrow night and bring you a cheque for one pound for tho last time.' I kopt my cheque from her to see how things would go. Oh, my God! Look down on my poor little innocent children 1 I said ' You shan't go.' She says ' I Will, and you. oannot stop me.' So I thought I would stop her. It is her parents' doing, and so they must abide by the consequences, God bleBa my children nnd keep them from all danger, and never let them know what became of their patents. Mr. Walford, be kind enough, dearBir, to put my Children in the Orphan Sohool, nnd lay mo and my dear wifo side by Bide. I love her. I adore hor, 1 pare for nothing but her, and t cannot leave her with that bad woman, 0 ! good Lord have mercy on our poor souls, ns we have passed our days in Thy fear, so I hope we may end thorn in Thy favour, and rejoice with Thee for ever in Thy Hoavenly Kingdom through Jesus Christ our Lord and only Saviour, who with Thee and tho Holy Ghost hveth and reigneth One God world without end. Amen. Farewell 1 Farewell for ever! farewell! — Robert and Mary Oorff." I also found a razor case in the trousers' pocket. I produce the razor I found in deceased's hand. It is hovered with blood. On the handle is soratchod " R. Corff." Westby Walker, on oath, said : I am a duly qualified medical practitioner residing at Sofala, Last night I was called on by sergeant Oasey to see the body of a man lying on the road nettT Andersons public-house, I have seen the body now m the old lookup. It is tbo same. I have made a careful examination of the body. I find that the throat has been cut almost from' oar to eor. All the principal blood vessels have been divided; also the windpipe is out through in two places. 1 believe there have been throe cuts made Such a wound would cause death in two or three minutes. From the evidence I have heard, and also from the direction of the wounds. I am of opinion that it has been a case of the most deter mined suicide. Somewhat similar evidence was given at the inquiry on the body of Mary Oorff. uged 19 years.— Correspondent, Bathurst Times. .Hollo-way's Pills. — The Liver and Kidneys. — The injurious effects of cold and piercing winds tell on the strongest trames, impair tho functions of the skin, and thereby threw an undue proportion of blood on the internal organs. The only means of preventing disease under these circumstances consist in augmenting the secretions of tho over- gorged organs, which snn be easily accomplished by Holioway's pills. These will enable the livor and kidneys to relieve themselves safely and rapidly of their oppressive congestion, at the samo time that they renew an equable circulation of the blood, I his salutary step is gained without any drawback. Hollownys pills purify and strengthen simul taneously; tbey improve the npnetito, and pormit gratification without the bugbear of dvrensia or worse disorders, Jit 