A STRANGE WILL CASE. Mrs. Ann Th «altos, whodeparted thia lifo in the year 18C6, was the widow of a pros- perous tea merchant of London, and the for- tunate possessor of about £400,000. She had, at the timo of her death, a sister, Mrs. Tebbitt, and several nephews and nieces. To them, as well as to almost everybody, it would appear, with whom she had ever come into contact, she left small legacies. The bulk of her proporty she bequeathed ,to Mr. John Sims Smith, a medical gentleman who had once brought nor through a dan- gerous sickness, and to his brother, Mr. Samuel . Smith, who 'had,..been for several years the' manager of her property. The probate of the will offered by tbeso two gentlemen was resisted by the heirs at law, on the grounds that the instrument had been procured by undue : influence, and that the deceased was not of sound ¡disposjng mind. At oar last reports the London Court of Probate had the case still under àdvisemènt, . ',' ', ,' '. . '.,- ', ¡' On the point of undue influence tno testi- mony thus far scorns to have been olicited which ought to shake tho validity j of tho document in . dispute y but j of. the insanity of tho testatrix thjoro cnn-hardly be any rational doubt. It is true that a great many witnesses-several of them, to be sure, legatees under the wilt-bore' testimony to the .worthy widow's- shrewdness in monoy matters, and sharp, business-liko habits. ' " Mr." Edward Smith, son of tho medical' gentleman' aforementioned, thought, he had never known a saner woman j but then she- had given him .£10,000. A. surgeon gave a- favourable opinion of her strenfith of' mjnd,.jjnd_her _emment_ability na a whist player. But there were some awkwafd'faots, to set off . against .these opinions. In the- first 'plaoe, ' Mrs. ' Thwaites ' be- lieved, herself to "be. the .Holy Ghost , Mr. john .Sims ^rnithi, she said/! was God the -.Father. Hor.ideas as to the,Trinity, howeyer, wero rather foggy, for.she had,;faith, also,! in an invisible Creator ; and, when her.husband, died she refused to put on mourning for him, ; because hq .was the devil., She : was seren dogrees above God, who could do nothing with^ out her; ond if she died,'chaos would come agajp. Fortunately, however,- she,, was immortal. She, furnished, apartments in her house in Hyde Park Gardens at an expense of £25,000 expecting to be delivered there of the Savjour of the world. In a' fow: years she was to oomo into possession of Buckingham Palace and Windsor Casjtle. When .she hemmed dusters, as she'did some-' , times ¡ri a state of temporary blindness, God put" the' needle in ht ono side of the olq^h and. the dovil drew it out at tho other. "I hive power," said ehe ono day, " over tho whole of creation. It w.as ^hrough , mo the cholera ,camo...".MyjFathbr.. Eaid" to. ino, * My dear,, turn on tho screw,' and the oholora came After that tío said, ' Turn it off,/ and then, it "disappeared.. Herhiisband Bho , hod ( drawn, through r' tho moon j by. ;his own gr,bs6 oleot'ricityi; 'aridvttír¿ugti tte dark volbauóeé of the'J'earfb, and bo now/, roignod King of tho1 Devil; If she. was, per-1 plexed how tb aoti sho used to, speak to Gdel about tho matter, and he would B¡ij, .''¡biy dear, do so and ao, and I will see you through." . : '.. , . . ¡ I - Taking these astounding hallucinations in, connection with tho fact that she cherished ' animosity toward most of her relations^ wo cannot easily believe that with all her-shrewd- ness, and business habits, and cleverness at " whist, ¿ho was a very i fit parson to dispose of the large sum ' of ? money ' whiah she inherited from her-husband* " the King of the Devil.'' Tho counsel for, tho proponents seem to have relied "chiefly ¿ii the argument that aborrations_upon_ oçrtain partioular points, or .as one ofthe ¿3 jro^átós^múi|ly eipress^d'if^'^certajnjnystioal and peculiar viows of, religion/' were iñ no manaor inconsistent with general soundness of ,nùnd,j. ap,;*!»«*.. Mrp. Thwaites,;in spite of her enthusiastic sentiments, was-quito as oápabje of making a will ns John Bunyan, or Swedenb'orgh,- or DivCumming. Y»ro venture "little , in~prediotibg that few, persons .will agree1 with thia opinion.' ' Yfe have no doubt that . the. ? popular, verdiot. has, awarded the right to this crazy old lady's money, not'to the two gentlemen to whom sho willed it, but to hor legal representativos. Tho decision of the oourt, ..however, will bc .awaited with some interest.'. The soienoa of njedioal junsprudeacej and, indoed, we may say. in general, the. phenomena of mental pathology^ still offer rioli fields of investiga- tion. Tho lax praotices of most modern courts, both criminal and probate, require a thorough and scientific correction. However tho Thwaites case may turn out, it is well known that the prevailing tendenoy pf the tribunals is to restriot a testator's power of giving away his own property when there is a reasonable cause for suspecting his mental capacity/ 