\ LITERATURE/ ? ;: THE MAGAZINES. 1 Amongst the monthlies, ' the Fortnightly l%oiew enjoys of right the first* place. It s^ntinnes to flourish most encouragingly under ? fe now editor, Mr John Morley, who exhibits fjlore and more liberality and competency. IJjjQ present number begins with an article by professor Tyndall, on ' Miracles and Special ridences. This remarkable article is a sw of the 'Bampton Lectures' for i, in which the question of miracles rented by Mr Mozley. Professor Tyn has a comparatively easy task of it, ong as he confines himself to the de :tion of Mr Mozley'a position, which is utterly untenable. Mr Mozley insists upon icles as the only in&isputablo; evidence of perfect goodness of Christ. 'No outward or conduct,' he says, ' however irreproach , couid prove His perfect sinlessness, be e goodness depends upon the inward motive',' the perfection of the inward motive is , hot ed by the outward act.' ' But surely,' as professor remarks in reply, 'the miracle i outward act, and to pass, from it to the it motive imposes a greater strain upon a than that involved in our ordinary me [s of estimating men. There is, at least, al congruity between the outward goodness the inner life, but there is no such con ty between the miracle and the life within. test of moral goodness kid down by Mr sley, isnot tho test of John, who says,— i that dooth righteousness is righteous;' is it the test of Jesua-— 'By their fruits' lye know them ; do. men gather grapes of 113, orfigs of thistles?' Bat it is the, test another: 'If thbu be the Son of God, mand that these stones be made bread.' Professor is equally happy when . he con erts Mr Mozley'a strange assertion that 0 is not the slightest rational1 -basis for belief in the order of nature j but he gets if his' depth when he assumes, as he does laghout, that the domain of nature is self lained and cannot be invaded. Mr Ralaton tributes a very pleasant arid instructive Iron Plautus, whom he calls the Roman lore. The quotations from the poet's Is show that he is ' a good genial companion 1 whom it is a pleasure to spend an even - I1 Mr O'Noil gives the second portion of' iery discriminating sketch of tho Paris pio |,Mr E. A. Freeman's sketch of 'The Rela I between the Crowns of England and Scot II is learned, interesting, arid original in |. He makes out that Edward I., whom he ids not only as ' The greatest o! the Plan ||ots,' but ' the greatest king of his age,' I'wsll nigh tho greatest English king of lage,' had a. fair case — such a, cose as ft justify an honest man in patting forth idinary claim in an ordinary court of law, pat he claimed it in the only shape which laim was likely to take in his days. Mr Bum looks on the question whioh he dis ||so ably, as purely historical, and not as ling the honor of either Scotland er Eng I ' I do not regret, ' he says in conclu |' that Scotland won her independence. got regret the formation of a nation, a S essentially of English blood and speooh ; Son which soon developed many neble ies, and showed itself fully worthy of the mdonoe which it won. On the field of Kburn I can almost bring myself to ilhisa. with, the great and wise King of |against £Wj foolish and cowardly heir of ieatest of lav* Englishman. But these |do not touch fee character of the great id. The real hohbr of Scotland in no ipres the perversion of historical truth ,- ide.preciation of a king TrijoSe object was |e our island as wo see it united now. |S8alage of Scotland to England ought Itimotobe, looked on as calmly as the |ge of Northumberland and Mercia to |. An Englishman born north of the | should deem himself as little bound to I Edward, as an Englishman born north I Thames dooms himself bound to ma Igberht.' 8 story of ' The White Eose,' by Mr l; 9 IMelvillo is not quite so London |sh as some of the previous instal |avebeen, but it is still unworthy of a . gof this order. Mr Nassau Molosworth 1 1 to his speciality, the history of ro t , |r^ brings it down with good and i ieffe'ot to the year 1866. This and a 3 i paper, taken in conjunction with his f |of the first Reform Bill, compose d J . iiarkable series of memoirs. Nothing g Pmore truthful or impartial than tho y I which they are written, and it is im 3\. I to read tho latter portion of them 3» H'eoling that nothing passes more oom ^ jpm the mind than the history which y_ plves live through and even make. Lly/ IWv, the' indefatigable writer on hb I politics, contributes the remaining y- if noto. His remarks on the his ia' Itho Reconstraction quostion are well ^v ftbe attention of political studouts. ?n6 phooies of 'reaction' have not or | Jisod, though all tho usual re )al, I forces have boon at work. Tho tho j i off00t a roaotion show3 that tho ft? i ty feoling is the triumph of a purely jj;'' viotion in the mind of the pooplo. It l'lio i'^er that the North is not a mere ny's Isnbjoot to any blind oxtornal forces |md reaction ; but a ' people ' poa iiudividual opinions and personal re t?10 |iog, subjeot to a gradual but poai kim- |0Ilxen*- whioh, ti3 it is rooted in io'a- f intelligently perceived, beava with ican Pcanco of an ultimate triumph with out tho ohance of either revolutions or re aotions. ? 'If tho political signs in America aro to be trusted, they must be hold to. indicate the pro gress of a people, as faithfully as tho French Revolution and its sequel represent the move ment of a mass. The anti-slavery agitation in America was at no time revolutionary. It pro ceeded slowly from one man to two, to ten, to hundreds, and thousands, until it was felt on the margin of tho Governmerit in the election ef a President who, rettdy to defend slavery where it existed, was merely opposed to its geo graphical extension. This snowed an un friendliness to slavery, indeed, but it equally proved that the people, generally had no thought of exterminating that institution except through the peaceful ' formulas by which the constitu tion had provided for its own amendment, when a popular majority could bo reached verging upon unanimity, and, consequently, incon sistent with violent changes. Against this growth, when it had manifested itself in the election of Mr Lincoln, the Southerners- — who, being without public schools or other means of popular enlightenment, approach more nearly tho definition of ' masses'— instituted a revo lution which gave many signs of a collapse from within before it was crushed from with out. The abnormal rights and powers which this course, on the part of the South, threw into the hands of the Northern people, were yet insufficient to produce anything like a couater-revolution among them. On account of the complex currents of feeling and varie ? tie3 of opinion in the North, the direct move ment against slavery was only inaugurated after two years of disaster, and amid much op position, and even then no considerations ef danger or interest could hurry its abolition, , which is only consummated now, some years after the rebellion has ceased. When Jefferson Davis was arrested and im prisoned, and the country was discussing what should be done with him, tho leader of the anti-slavery party, Wendell Phillips, said, 1 Jefferson Davis is— not-the- oritninal ; slavery 1 is the criminal; we do not want the head of Davis ; we want tho head of slavery.' His words announced the aim of , the American people,' which was- 'accomplished on the day when the head of slavery was held up in the supreme . court, and Mr Davis was set free. This was the natural form of a victory obtained 1 by liberty over slavery. Gained by general courage and fidelity to principles more than by brilliant individual achievements, unmarred by any act of vengeance, associated with the. un wearied labors and martyrdom of an honest man sprung from the people, and always taking counsel of them, the triumph of freedom in America may be, fairly claimed to represent the spirit and power of a people. The eradication of an institution whioh just now had such im posing dimensions may seem sudden, or even accidental; but it is only 'superficially so, as the fall of a tree may seem the effect of a gust of wind when it is really duo to the slow and silent decay of a century.' The story of ' The Brownlows' still unim pressively occupies the foremost place in the tpages of Maga. It is followed by an appre ciative and discriminating notice of tha Duko of Argyll's ' Reign of Law.' The Duko is a Whig, and therefore Blacltioood does not go in to raptures about him, but he is a stout and in genious advocate of the Christian faith, bring ing philosophy to its aid, instead of: either fighting against or ignoring it, and therefore 'Blaclcwood does him great justice, though in a cautious manner. The ' Hunt of the Silvor Fox' will interest naturalists and sportsmen. Tho question, ' Was Goorga III. a Constitu tional King,' is discussed indirectly, but with an abundance of historical and personal illus tration. The writer of the paper has had a general theory in his mind, else why begin a paper on George III. with along disquisi tion on the times of the Revolution of 1688 ? But he has riot brought out his views with much literary force, and his article is rather discursively interesting than specially persuasive. The political , articles of the month are conspicuous examples of the folly of attempting to prefigure the course of Cen servatism when its policy is, as was said in the House of Commons tho other day, ' happy dispatch.' When the magazine came forth from tho publishers, hardly a sentenoo distin guishing the Reform Bill of Lord Derby's Government from the schemes of previous ad ministrations really applied to the situation which the writers had striven — writing, somo two or thvee days before — most oarefully to describe. As having reference to a simple Household Suffrage Bill, which that of tho Government has ? become, tho articles are simply ridiculous. But due compassion must be extended to. Conservative writers under their recent trying circumstances. It is rather remarkable that Blackwood contains no- notice of tho death of its prolific and most charac teristic contributor Sir Archibald Alison, al though it occurred ft day or two beforo the magazine went to pross. Fraser keeps its quality at a highor level than its great rival; but its story ' Tho Marstons ' is surely an example of the indif feronoo of some great editors to tho merits of the fiction whioh they supply to suoh of their readers as require to be amused. Very poor and common is tho entertainment the author of 'The Marstons ' affords this month , and his excursion into the demi-monde, in the charaoter of Mrs Ellison, the actress, is re wardod by indifferent results. The number starts with a good artiolo on 'Education,' in whioh tho whole story of Govornraont oduca tion in England isJ told in an impartial spirit. Thoso who are concornod with education as a Booial problem, will do woll to read this artiolo, with a view of extracting from it valiwblo lesBons of dxporionoo :— ' The great questions whioh now agitate tho minds of men, fiu-J thoir solution in this. This, if we rightly consider, is tho koystono of national ' virtuo and national presperity. Our neglect of,' this has boon tho bano of our past, and in, our onrb for this lies tho hope of our future. ,Tho key to tho vexed problem of reform is liere, ana hero only ; for tho key to that problem is tho faot that tho pblUioal influouoo of the country must in tho oud fall to tho intelligence of the country. At the period of tho revolution of 16SS, enlighten-1 ment and discernment were almost tho exclu sive property of tho upper classes : and the upper classes ruled well for a century. Then the middle class felt its own strength, felt its own worth, and doman«lod its own share.' For more thax one generation the conflict raged to and fro. There was repression and tyranny ; there was riot and sedition ; but the eternal nature of things prevailed against tyranny and prescription, and 1832 carried a step further the work of 1688. Time passed on. Know ledge spread ; and with knowledge tho desire of power, and the determination to have it. We may not talk of the prospect of what is doing as if it were tho history of what is done. But this much we may confidently assert — this much wo may gather from the spoken sentiments, alike of the opponents and the friends of popular government — that say what you will, do what you may, tho suffrage fol lows wherever education has gone before.' The teaching of Mr Maurice is an eloquent and thoughtful but, of course, rather misty article ; for Mr Maurice is not only vague him self,, but tho cause of vagueness in others. The purport of the artiolo is that Mr Maurico : is the divine who, more than any other at this moment, offers to persons discontented with the ordinary Evangelical theology a system by which they may recancile their special diffi culties with a firm adhesion to the Christian faith. There are many in this particular frame of mind amongst the educated classes, who -will thank the editor of Fraser for placing Mr Maurice before them in this light ; but there are many more who will wish his writings more suffi ciently comprohensible to realise fully the ex pectations which this artiole is adapted to oreate. ' Charlotte Corday ' forms tho subject of an other very interesting paper ; but on this topio Fraser is behind one or two other publiiations. ' Military Reform 'continues to be dealt with, by the writer, who has air eady so much distinguished himself upon it. Colonial readers . may well thank their stars as they read such papers for their immunity from the curses which, even in England, seem inseparable from an old State ' and Government. Mr Charles Buxtbn, M.P., who has lately been too ill to attend to his senatorial duties, figures here as the writer of some verses on ' The Sfcaghounds ' which we are not. sportsmen enough to judge by any other than a poetical standard, and poetically they ate not remarkable^ The argument that a man must be a man who can follow the hounds,; if seriously meant, can only be ac-' ?cepted in a most limited sense. Mr Thorold Rogers, a olergyman and profesBorof political economy, who, it has lately been rumorod, means to contest a constituency in order to try tho question of the exclusion, of the clergy from the House of Commons, has an article on tho subject, which seems to prove pretty clearly that tho legal obstacles te their admission are at prosont in scrutable. Ho is for admitting them : subject to a prohibition against accepting preferment from Government. 'A. K. H.Bk' re-appears on his old ground to very little ad vantage, in a prosing article on ' Heads of Bat tering Rams and Old Mummios.' Who ceuld not write such atuff by the mile? But who would ddre, except 'A. K, H. B. ?' The re cently publishe 1 lif o of Plunket makes a good article, and there is a pleasant raphsody by Charles Kingsley called 'A Charm of Birds.' Another Professor, tho third who contributes to this number of Fraaer, Mr W. F. Newman, has an equally imaginative article on a subjeot of a very practical kind — ' Tho Functions of an Upper House.' Mr Newman coolly preposea that, in order to utilise the House of Lords, it should; be made a sort of court of appeal on foreign and colonial afiairs. How any good Radical— almost a republican, indeed— can pro pose such a thing as this, without suggesting any means of taking security f«r tho fitness bf the assembly to which he is prepared to entrust suoh serious duties, is truly astounding. It is noticeable, however, !that in connection with recent Reform discussions, the inefficiency of tho House of Lords has been tho subject of earnest though respectful disoussion. It is said to be in con templation amongst their lordships themselves to abolish voting by proxy, in order to mako the Houso a more business-like assembly., Such a change, however, might inorease the temptations of the Peers without renderiugthem more disposed for hard work. The empire would gain little by the House of Lords being full every! night if they ceased from tho happy inaction in which they havo, since the rejection of the Pager Duties Bill, perseverod. A new tale is began in the Cornhill. Tho author is' not revealed, but there is something Thankerayish in the hits at snobbery, all the more telling booause not cynically or fiercely dolivdred,; with which this portion of the story is much occupied. The story is called tho 'Bramleigbs of Bishop's Folly.' Tho scene is laid in a novel locale, and is evidently sketohod from reality. Tho experiments of a rich family forcing kits way into society have been treated before, but the author of thiB story is riot content with any common-form treatment' of tho matter, arid whilo sketching tho ciroumstanco3 with groat fidolity to nature , extracts groat novelty from tin-1 surroundingB invented for tho well-marked characters. If any fault can bo found as yet, it is only that tho personages aro ,too oxaotly markod, and spoalc too invaridbly nocording to the trick of their idiosynorasies. Charlos^Lover has been named as tho .author. ' Slip3 On and Off tho Stage ' is a paper full of amuaemout, drawn mainly from old materials « 'Boauty and tho Beast' ia a bottor story than its title would imply. ? Cinderella, Cordelia, Beatrice and aevoral other paragons aro rolled into one to make tho horoino, and sho mnrrioa for no roasou in pattioalar a man whom eho hois long refused for no roasou at all. . This does not tell against, but rather for the pro bability ef a very pleasant narrative. '-' Mobs' form tho subject of a gooi historical paper, and the story of ' Stone Edge' iB continued. The exploits of the ' Diana' whaler conclude the number. Macmillan stands upon its literary dignity this month, and does not descend to frivolity in any ef its articles. Its padding consists of a rather doll piece on ' Long Holidays,' and a descriptive article entitled the ' Abbot's Way.' The two stories by Mr Henry Kings ley and Mrs Norton progress favorably ; and the former, in particular; in on very interesting ground and makes some good points in reference to Democracy; which is just now, in England, a very favorite topic. There is a shrewd hit at a prevalent' fashion, in an allusion to tho practice of some aristo crats in playing with the tiger democracy in their drawing rooms, till its claws grow, and then turning round and remembering they are Whigs. There has been a good deal of this for many years, and the aspect of the Liberal party in England towards Reform has very much illustrated it. The Liberals have bhown an alacrity in turning round and finding out they are Whigs, which has been of the greatest service to the Conservative Government in pass ing their extreme Reform Bill, and which at the same time musk have very, much lessened the hold of the official Liberals on the real popular party of the country. -This ia pre cisely what Mr H» Kingsley indicates as the course taken by aristocratic Liberals when they ceaae to fondle Democracy, and re member they ar-» Whigs in order to tame its excesses. There is in Macmillan a very solid artiole on '?' Burton's History of ^Scotland,'' and another on ' Early English.' Bat the paper in whioh we have felt most interest is one on. Burke's celebrated fight, with a small minority at his back, on behalf of the liberty of the Press in 1771. Everyone knows, or should know, that that fight was waged simply by re sorting to every possible quirk in Parliamentary procedure during tho whole of a sitting which lasted till five in the morning. The story is as lively to read as a very fierce and personal debate in the current newspapers of the day:; and ,- few will study Mr Reginald Palgrave's account of the event without some de gree of surprise at , finding to what tricks . ? on tha one hand, and what mere personality on the other, the great philosophic orator i was content to resort. Had such incidents taken place at the present day, in the height of a colonial . crisis, loud would have been tho objurgations of tha English press on the rough and ooarse vulgarity dis played; arid yet quito lately thero have been occurrences in the English Houso of Commons which have shown that if its members havo altered; since tho days of Burke, it is in hot having the determination to. use its; forms to the utmost for the prosooution of their objects, and not in any improvement in mariners or language. . The best novel now appearing in a London magazine is ' Steven Laurence, Yeoman,' in the Temple Bar magazine. There is in it an abundanoe of character most vividly dis tinguished, and though the incidents have not as yet developed into anything very stirring, they are full of truth' and tollinff Dortraiture of society. Moreover, the situation int» whioh the leading characters have been brought, and from whioh they have to be extricated, is one that presents abundant opportunities for that play of fancy over Bociaj details,' which, in its fertility and originality, is so widely different, from the small-talk realism by which Mr Trollope has made a name. The scene at the opera, in the present month's instalment, and that between Dora and the real heroine of the story after wards, are admirable specimens of the author's power; and all those passages in whioh Lord Petres appears, are like pictures by Meissonier for neatness and exquisite polish. Mr Yates, the editor, is, we presume, the author of an attack on the criticisms, of London cliques — which is perfectly justified, and hits a blot that ought to bo erased, but will not be. There is a pretty story called 'The Destiny of Leon Grenier!' ; and there is a very exciting pieoo of adventure oalled tho 'Rhinoceros Major,' in whioh the writer narrates an incident somewhat similar to that of An drocles and the lion. For tho rest, the ma gazine is made up of serviceable morsels of fiction, the best of which is a humorous dra matio story of a haunted Hamlet, an actor who utilised a sheriff's officer as Ghost in per forming the play, and consequently found himself followed by the prudont shado of Denmark's buried majesty through evory scene, irrespective of the directions of the text or the prompt-book. London Society and Belgravia are as bril liant as usual, but, with the exception of Miss Braddon's stary in Belgravia, there is no article of special literary merit in either. Mr Sala's ' Letters from Lilliput,' also in Bel gravia, are by no means in hiB most original vein. ? Good Words still sustains its literary pretensions. Tho Juue number contains a very olaborato poetical tribute, which wo may hope ia riot exaggerated, to Earl Brownlow, written by Mr Gerald Masaoy. The Rqv, R. W. Dalo, of Birmingham, Mr John Angell James's Eucceasor, has ft well written piece on tho ' Discipline of the Body,' missing, as is tho deoont fashion of our timoa, the ono subject with whioh, . on auou a topio, a divine of au eldor and plainer spoken gonoration would have ohiofly busied himself . Thero aro many other intorystioc .papers, :-vn& one of tho best of thorn la on too ' Groat Pyramid,' and tho '? Egyptian Life, of Four Thousand Years ego.' 