THE WEEK'S NEWS. THE BARRIER RANGES.—We are informed on what appears to be pretty good authority that a person well known as having formerly resided in South Australia, has just arrived from the Eastern border with the declared intention of claiming the reward for the discovery of gold within the limits of the colony. The exact locality is not mentioned, but it is understood to be in the neigbbourhood of the Barrier Ranges, though at a considerable dis- tance from any place to which former rumour have referred.—Register. MR. AND MRS. CASE'S ENTERTAINMENT.—After an absence of nearly 12 mouths Mr. and Mrs. George Case again mad their appearance before an Adelaide audience in White's Rooms on Saturday evening. The attendance was good, and on their first showing themselves on the platform these popular performers received a hearty welcome. The first part of the performance consisted of a new entertainment called "The Lost Party," which is somewhat loosely put together, but it affords Mrs. Case an opportunity of giving some of her wonderful impersonations, and of showing that versatility of talent for which she is so remarkable. Mr. and Mrs. Case have just returned from a pro fessional tour, and having made up their minds to retire into private life, begin housekeeping. Mrs. Case is resolved to give a party, and the interest of the piece consists in the obstacles which sundry persons, personated by Mrs. Case, interpose to the carrying out of this scheme. First of all comes Mrs. Major Buster, a lady of gigantic proportions, who occupies the interesting relation of mother-in-law to Mr. Case, whom she attempts to overpower by her majestic presence, and to keep in subjection by her imperious manner. How Mrs. Case manages to make herself look so big is a mystery which the initiated may explain. She towered far above her husband, whom she quite overshadowed. Mrs. Buster was succeeded by Sprouts, a greengrocer and occasional waiter at small parties—a melancholy, red-nosed, nervous man, with a coat and waistcoat a few sizes too large for him, with a queer story about twins Sprouts drives Mr. Case half crazy with this story and his repeated offers of service. Mrs. Siddons Graves, a leading tragedienne and prima donna, next appears, and gives specimens of her histrionic powers in the spasmodic and sen sational style. Mangles, upholsterer and de corator, takes possession of Mr, Case's parlour, and in his mind's eye soon runs up a pretty bill for new furniture, decorations, &c.;, being incited thereto by this tremendous Buster. Trubbles, a page, is one of the most laughter-provoking characters in the piece. He has a genius for breaking and for crying frantically over his breakages. The faces he makes when Mr. Case looks at and chides him are most comical, and his by- play, when Mr. Case's back is turned, elicits shouts of laughter. Sarah Grills, the cook, affianced to Sprouts, elopes with that disreputable character—Grills being personated by Mr. Case, whose make-up was monstrous. The last character is Miss Polyphemia Scroggins, a colonial young lady, who offers herself to succeed Grills in the coolest and most free- and-easy style. This is a humorous specimen of a certain class of colonial servants, though, of course, it is exaggerated. The way she holds her own with Mr. Case, and catechizes that gentleman instead of submitting to be cate chized by him, and the manner in which the engagement breaks down, and consequently the party has to be abandoned, to the great delight of Mr Case, must be seen to be appreciated. For real side-splitting fun and jollity this is decidedly Mrs. Case's best hit. We may add that Mr. Case does the troubled, perplexed, rather henpecked husband admirably. The second part of the enter tainment introduced old friends. The Wizard of the East startled by his illusions Sims Reeves de- lighted the audience by his rendering of "The Death of Nelson," which, being encored, he sub stituted "My Pretty Jane;" Mrs. Ferret again "Wanted to know you know;" and Romeo Guffin, the poor actor, managed to obtain his dinner by giving imitations of Fechter, Charles Kean, and Robson. We need hardly add that Mr. Case filled up the intervals with his exquisite performances on the concertina and violin. With these instru ments he has lost none of his old delicacy of touch. The whole entertainment cannot fail to be popular. They who visit it may be sure of a hearty laugh, which in these bad times is not be despised. Though the affair borders on broad farce of a very extravagant kind, there is nothing to offend. Mrs. Case's voice, which is a pleasing and a cultivated one, seems to have gained power since her last visit here. On Monday evening the same enter tainment was repeated to a larger audience than that of Saturday. Both performers were in the spirit of their work. Mrs. Case was more effective than ever, and the mirth of the audience was almost-uncontrollable. Master Trubbles and Miss Scroggins were rendered with greater finish than on the first night, and the other characters moved with ease through the whole performance. Mr. Case, as might be expected, was loudly and impe ratively encored in his exquisite manipulation of the concertina and violin. "The Lost Party" is a decided and an unmistakeable success. CONTRACTORS AND THEIR WORKMEN. — The Central Road Board on Tuesday, April 16, devoted a considerable time to the discussion of the question of how far they should protect workmen engaged by contractors for works under them. The matter was brought forward in the shape of a motion to expunge the clause in the Board's specifications providing that contractors should pay their labourers every fortnight; but the resolution ulti mately come to was to make that clause more stringent, by making forfeiture of the contract the penalty for non-compliance with it; and to reduce the amount kept back from the contractors in the monthly payments from 15 per cent. to 10 per cent. A clause embodying these alterations will be introduced into the specifications. VOLUNTEER PARADE.—On Saturday, April 20, the usual fortnightly parade of the city volunteer companies took place. About 180 members of Nos. 1, 2, 3, and 6 mustered under their respective officers in front of the Armoury, from whence they were marched by fours through King William street to the South Park Lands, headed by the Regimental Band. The battalion, under the com mand of Lieut.-Colonel Mayo and Major Clark, was first exercised in skirmishing drill, and subse quently in the formation of squares to resist cavalry, and in wheeling into line, the evolutions being performed in a satisfactory manner. The battalion, after exercising until dusk, were then marched up to the parade-ground and dismissed. The men wore for the first time their cross-belts and 40-round pouches, and it was announced at the conclusion of the drill that until further notice the parades would be weekly, in order no doubt to perfect the members in drill for the review on the Queen's Birthday. Inquest.—An inquest was held by the Coroner on Monday, April 22, at the Destitute Asylum, on the body of a male infant who died at that place on Sunday morning. Mr. W. Campbell was chosen foreman of the Jury. Moses Frith, of North Adelaide, deposed that he brought an infant to the Destitute Asylum on Thursday afternoon, between 2 and 3 o'clock. There were some people at the gate, and laid it down together with a bundle. His daughter Henrietta called his atten tion to a child in his house. Suspected Elizabeth Millington to be the mother of the child. Did not see the person who left it, not being at home. Had not the most remote idea where Elizabeth Milling on was. Last saw her nearly two months ago. Believed the bundle produced to be the one he left with the child, and some writing on a slip of paper which was in it to he that of Elizabeth Millington. The inquest was then adjourned until Wednesday morning, as some necessary witnesses were not in attendance. Horse Accident.—On Saturday morning a man named George Lee, a carter in the employ of Mr. Eames, of Port Adelaide, had a narrow escape from drowning. He had driven the horse and box-cart into the river, near the Port Bridge, on the Peninsula side, for the purpose of washing the cart; but going too far out the horse was taken off its legs and carried with the cart down the stream. In a short time the horse was drowned, and both began to sink, and the man was in a very critical position, being unable to swim. Fortu- nately the accident was witnessed by several persons, and two or three boats put off to his assistance. Mr. Pilot B. Germain, who was on board his cutter near the spot, went in his dingey and caught the man as he was sinking for the third time. He was conveyed to the Glanville Hotel, and a messenger immediately sent for medical assistance. Drs. Gething and Forward were speedily on the spot, and, aided by Sergeant Brown and Constable Buckham. Dr. Sylvester's mode of resusitating the apparently drowned was successfully adopted, and in about half an hour the patient was restored. MURNINNIE BISMUTH MINING COMPANY.—We are glad to learn that there is a prospect of this valuable property being worked to advantage. Some time ago it was announced that Messrs. Dubois & Wells had patented a process by which bismuth could he extracted from ores containing that metal in combination with others, and the process was successful on a small scale; but the Murninnie ores were found to require so powerful a flux to reduce them, that no smelting pots could be procured capable of standing more than three or four charges, and this, of course, rendered the operation too costly. Mr. Dubois has for the last six months been unremitting in his endeavours to overcome the difficulty, and we are glad to hear that his labours have at length been crowned with success, as he had discovered a means by which bismuth can be separated from ores containing other metals and run into ingots chemically pure, at a highly remunerative price. The process has been carried out in the presence of Mr. Edmund W. Wright on a scale sufficiently large to prove it a commercial success, and we understand the original promoters have very handsomely agreed to remunerate Mr. Dubois for his discovery out of their own pockets, making the Company a present of the invention. We are informed the last quo tation for bismuth in London was 13s. per lb., and it is only the scarcity and uncertainty of the supply that prevents its being largely used by the Bir- mingham manufacturers. Victorian Water Supply. — We have to acknowledge with thanks the receipt of an ex cellently lithographed plan of the water supply for the Castlemaine and Sandhurst District. It is on a scale of one inch to the mile, end exhibits an area of about 2,000 square miles. The map has been compiled and drawn up by Mr. R. Martin, and lithographed at the Victorian Water Supply Office, Melbourne, under the general superinten dence of the Chief Engineer. GOLD-FISH IN THE TORRENS.—A gentleman called at our office on Tuesday and informed us that some boys fishing in the Torrens, between the Dam and Hindmarsh Bridge, on Saturday, caught between 200 and 300 gold fish, the largest of which was seven inches long and two inches in depth. Our informant states that he had some of the largest cooked, and they were most delicious. When the dam is completed we ought to have a variety of fish in the water, which would be valu able both for sport and edible purposes. The eel would, doubtless, do well if he were introduced amongst us. Some years ago a solitary eel was placed in the Torrens, but it is supposed he has come to grief. INQUEST—An inquest was held by the Coroner at the Burnside Hotel, on Tuesday, April 16, on the body of John Fox, who was killed on the Greenhill-road on Monday. Mr. J. Crank was chosen Foreman of the Jury. Henry Williams deposed that he knew the deceased. Last saw him alive at about 3 o'clock the previous day. He cut and carted firewood from the Tiers. He was going down the Greenhill-road on one of the turns. He was riding on the top of his wood. Was before him. Heard the noise of the shaft of the dray breaking. Looked round, and saw the dray upside down. Deceased was underneath. Went back and looked at him, and thought he was dead. Took the horse out of the dray, and tied it to his own dray. Could not move the dray and wood. Went into town and gave information to the police. On the way met Timothy Hogan and John Kelly, whom he told about the accident. By the Jury—Thought deceased was a little the worse for liquor, but he was able to manage his horse. By the Coroner—The deceased drove off the road, and the horse and dray turned over and fell down the bank. Supposed the shaft broke when the dray turned. There was room for two carts to pass at the place where the accident happened. Had looked round before the accident occurred, because he knew deceased had taken a little too much drink, and was rather afraid for him. He had bought a bottle of wine at Driver's. Deceased had not a full lead of wood. Thought he might safely ride on the dray. The horse must have shied, or deceased have pulled the wrong rein. Had seen him the worse for drink many times. Thought the accident would not have happened if the road had been fenced. Con sidered a great many accidents would happen unless the road was fenced. Timothy Hogan stated that about a quarter past 3 o'clock the previous afternoon, he was working on the road with Thomas Spencer, when Williams told him of the accident. Went with John Kelley to assist, and found the deceased lying on his stomach about three yards down the bank, with the wood and dray upon him. In about 12 minutes they re leased the body which was quite dead. Had looked at the dray track, and found it gradually neared the bank for about ten yards. Thought if there had been a fence at the place it would have kept the horse from going down. By the Jury—As far as he could discover, it seemed that the track of another dray had crossed that of the one which was capsized. Saw no other dray but that of Williams. Had seen deceased drunk more than once. John Kelley gave evidence to the same effect as the previous witness, W. T. R. Farquar, police trooper, said he received information of the accident at 20 minutes at 5 o'clock on Monday afternoon. Arrived to the scene of the accident about 25 minutes to 6. Found the body lying on its face about nine or 10 feet off the road down the embankment. The fall would be about 10 feet. There was a fence four feet below where the body was lying. Believed it was the section fence of Dr. Wyatt's place. There was no fence along the road, but it was badly wanted. The deceased had been extricated, and was quite dead. Saw the track swerving from the road and drawing gradually into the bank for about 10 feet. The cart seemed to have balanced before it went over. There was no protection for a cart going over. The road was not safe. Considered the cause of deceased's death to be from his ribs being broken and the weight of the load over his heart. The Coroner addressed the Jury, who shortly returned a verdict of accidental death, with a rider attached calling the attention of the Commissioner of Public Works to the dangerous state of the Greenhill road from its not being fenced. Adelaide Philosophical, Society.—The 138th meeting of the Adelaide Philosophical Society took place at the Institute, North-terrace, on Tuesday evening, April 16. There was but a small attendance, and Mr. J. H. Clark was voted to the chair. The Secretary (Mr. Lloyd) read a letter which he had received from the Town Clerk, ac knowledging the receipt of the memorial from the Sub-Committee relative to the drainage question, and expressing the thanks of the Council for the views expressed by the Society; also stating that the Council had not any funds at their disposal at present, and that it was their intention to apply to the Government for a vote; but that in the mean time a system of scavenging would be initiated. The Chairman thought it was satisfactory to know that the Corporation were about taking active measures in the matter. The system of scavenging would also be very advisable, and with a little ex penditure he thought Mr. Allen's suggestion could be carried out to advantage, namely, that each householder should have a movable recep tacle for the rubbish, so that it could be carted away. It might possibly be dis posed of to the market gardeners for manure. A brief discussion ensued, and those present ex pressed themselves favourable to the scavenging. The paper, which was to have been read from the "Engineer," with an introduction by Mr. Lloyd, upon "light Railways and Narrow Gauges,"' was postponed till a future occasion in consequence of the small attendance, and in place of it the Chair man explained to the meeting some diagrams which he had prepared in connection with a paper which he a short time since read before the Smith field Farmers' Club, and which showed the fluctua tions of the barometer during the months of May and June in the years 1861 to 1866 as connected with the rainfall in the succeeding months of the same period. The meeting then closed after a short discussion of a conversational character re lative to the diagrams. Vital Statistics.—The number of births and deaths registered in the District of Adelaide during the week ended Saturday, the 13th of April, were:—Births, 23 males; 24 females. Deaths, 11 males; 12 females. Total, 47 births; 23 deaths. Excess of births, 24. Lodge Anniversary.—The amalgamated fes tival of the Loyal Duke of Sussex Lodge, A.I.O.O.F. and Court Foresters' Retreat, A.O.F., took place at the Sussex Arms, Walkerville, on Wednesday evening, April 17. About forty members of the two associations sat down about half-past 7 o'clock to an excellent dinner provided by Host Nottage, in his usual substantial and lavish style. Mr. William Bundey presided, and D.G.M. Hele occupied the vice-chair. On the removal of the cloth the usual loyal and patriotic toasts were rapidly proposed and drunk with due expressions of loyalty. After a little harmony, P.D.C.R. Worsnop proposed the toast, "Prosperity to the A.I.O.O.F.." and in doing so expressed his opinion that he should like to see the interests of the Order extended throughout all creation, and he was willing to hold out the right hand of fellow ship to all. It afforded the means of benefiting the families of many who might be prematurely called away. The Order had not made such rapid strides in this colony as the M.U. or A.O.F.. yet still he did not doubt from the excellency of its officers that it would in future make more progress than it had done here tofore. The toast was drunk with inward enthu siasm. The Vice-Chairman responded, and ex pressed his regret at the absence of the G.M. and the C.S., because the former would have filled the post of responder with greater credit than he could hope for himself, and because if the latter had been present he might have fur nished some valuable statistical informa tion respecting the wealth of the Order, and its numerical strength. During the past year the Order had opened two Lodges in the colony—the Prince Alfred, at a distance of 15 miles from town, at Millbrook, and the other, the Loyal Victoria, at Willaston. Their Order was recognised as being the third Friendly Society in the colony, and he had reason to indulge in the opinion that before long the decisive and enlightened action of the officers of the London Order would raise its status. He cordially thanked them for the manner in which the toast had been drunk. Brother Smith proposed the next toast, viz., "Prosperity to the A.O.F.," in a brief speech. The sentiment was drunk with Foresters' fire. P.D.C.R. Worsnop, in responding, said he believed that in numbers and in wealth the Order for whom he had to respond was one of the foremost of Friendly Societies. They expended a large amount of money in relieving distress. The Order quarterly gave large sums in supplementing subscriptions raised by the various Courts for charitable purposes. He be lieved the Societies united together to further the general interests of humanity. He believed the prospects of the Order were better now than they had been for some time past. The Order curiously enough originated in Yorkshire, where the inhabitants were innocent and simple. He was himself a native of that county. He thanked the company for the hearty and warm manner in which the toast had been received. The Chairman proposed, in a few appropriate remarks, "Prospe rity to the Duke of Sussex Lodge." Drunk with applause. Brother Randall, in responding, re marked that he had been connected with the Lodge during the last 13 or 14 years, and during the whole of that time, with the exception of a week or two at the beginning, he had been intimately connected with the active working of it. He con sequently thought he was somewhat qualified to give an accurate statement as to the present posi- tion of the Lodge. It had been the means of doing much good during its period of existence. As an example, he could refer to two men who had been disabled by accident, and had been relieved by the Lodge to the extent of about £500. He was happy to say that the Lodge was now in a good position. It possessed many zealous men, who, he felt sure, would diligently do their utmost to push the Association forward. They had not perhaps made during the past year so many mem bers as in previous years, yet he hoped it would improve in this respect before the expiration of the year upon which they were entering. They had initiated four or five members during the present year. The roll, as it at present stood, numbered 94 members, and their funds, after taking into consideration the arrears on the books and the cash in hand, amounted to something like £200. The London Order had not gone forward so successfully in this Colony as they could have wished for, but be believed this arose from the Order not having been formed into districts. Brother P.P. Earl proposed "Prosperity to the Court Foresters Retreat.'' and, in doing so, expressed a hope that the Court would flourish in the same degree as the Lodge which had formed the subject of the pre vious toast. He trusted that this anticipation would prove well founded. Drunk with enthusiasm and Foresters fire. P.D.C.R. Davis responded in a few humorous remarks. The evening's pro ceedings, which were of a pleasant and enjoyable character throughout, terminated with the toasts of "The Pastoral, Agricultural, and Mining Interests," "Army, Navy, and Volunteers," " Lady Daly, and the Ladies of South Australia," "The Press," "The Chairman." "The Vice Chairman," and the "Host and Hostess." The Rev. J. L. Poore.—On Sunday morning, April 21, the Rev. F. W. Cox directed the attention of the Hindmarsh-square congregation to the recent decease of the Rev. John Legge Poore, taking for the subject of his discourse Matt. xxv, v. 21, " Well done good and faithful servant, thou hast been faithful over a few things, I will make thee ruler over many things, enter thou into the joy of thy Lord." He drew attention to the manifold labours of the deceased gentleman, and gave some account of his latter days, as furnished by the Rev. Mr. Jackson, of Williamstown, Victoria. PIRIE-STREET Sunday School.—Sermons in celebration of the anniversary of Pirie-street Sunday School were preached on Easter Sunday; in the morning by the Rev. J. G. Millard, and in the evening by the Rev. J, Watsford. The Chapel was filled upon each occasion, and some selected pieces were nicely sung by the children. An address was delivered on Sunday afternoon to the children of the head school with its branches, several hundred children being present. Col lections in aid of the funds were made at each service. Stow Memorial Church.—The services in con nection with the opening of the Stow Memorial Church were continued on Sunday, April 21. In the morning the Rev. C. W. Evan preached from the 23rd and 24th verses of the 4th chapter of John —" But the hour cometh and now is when the true worshippers shall worship the Father in spirit and in truth; for the Father seeketh such to worship Him. God is a spirit, and they that worship Him must worship Him in spirit and in truth." An earnest exhortation was addressed to those present to endeavour to fulfil the purpose for which the building wherein they were assembled had been erected, by faithfully and devoutly worshipping the only true God in spirit and in truth. The evening service was conducted by the Rev. F. W. Cox, who took for his test the 9th verse of the 2nd chapter of Haggai—" The glory of the latter house shall be greater than of the former, saith the Lord of Hosts, and in this house will I give peace, saith the Lord." There were large congregations on both occasions, when collections were made on behalf of the Building Fund, amounting to the sum of £34. PRESBYTERIAN CHURCH, PORT ADELAIDE.—An interesting service was held in this Church on Thursday, 18th, in connection with the induction of the Rev. James Henderson as pastor of the congregation. There was a large attendance, the church being filled in every part; and among the audience we noticed many friends from the city. The Presbytery of South Australia was present, and being constituted, proceeded with the business of the meeting. The first part of the proceedings was the calling for the return of the edict, which had previously been read on the two preceding Sabbaths. The Clerk of Presbytery having read the edict, as directed by the rules of the Church, and no objections having been offered, the Rev. J. Anderson, of Strathalbyn, entered the pulpit and preached an earnest and peculiarly suitable discourse from the words in the Acts of the Aposties, "Send men to Joppa and call for Simon, whose surname is Peter, who shall tell thee words whereby thou and all thy house may be saved." At the close of the discourse he called upon Mr. Henderson to stand up, and having put to him the usual questions of the Presbyterian formula, which having been answered satisfac torily, Mr. Anderson offered up solemn prayer, setting apart Mr. Henderson as the pastor of the Church, and invoking the Divine blessing upon pastor and people. Thereafter the right hand of fellowship was given to Mr. Henderson by all the members of Presbytery in the order of seniority. This having been done, the Rev. J. Lyall, of Adelaide, ascended the pulpit, and delivered an address to the newly-appointed minister, full of christian affection, and marked by much vigour of thought and utterance. The Rev. J. Roddick, of Mount Pleasant, followed with a pointed address to the people on their duties to their minister. The whole of the services were felt by the audience to be of a deeply interesting and impressive cha racter. Mr. Henderson enters upon the duties of the pastorate of Port Adelaide Church with the best wishes of a seemingly wide circle of friends. It ought to be mentioned that the railway autho rities very courteously acceded to a request to delay the last train to Adelaide for half an hour. The citizens had thus an opportunity of returning to their own homes, and we observed that many availed themselves of the privilege. Baptist Anniversary, Teatree Gully.—The fifth anniversary of the Baptist Chapel, Teatree Gully, was celebrated on April 14th and 19th. On the 14th three sermons were preached in the morning by the Rev. R. Parkin, of Magill, in the afternoon by the Rev. J. Bassett of Adelaide, and in the evening at 6 by Mr. Renney, of North Adelaide. On Good Friday a public tea-meeting was held in the chapel, when about 150 sat down, after which a public meeting was held. Addresses were given by ministers and friends. Mr. Randell was in the chair. The chair sung several anthems in excellent style. The proceeds of the anniver sary were about £21.—Correspondent. The Unitarian Church in Australia.—The Argus of April 13 says:—"The Unitarians of Melbourne will be interested to learn that for one month there is to be an interchange of preachers with the three churches in Melbourne, Sydney, and Adelaide. This is the more important to them, as their isolated condition is apt to place them at a considerable disadvantage, in making it a rarity to obtain the spiritual ministrations of more than one person. For the space of time indicated the Rev. J. Pillars, B.A., of Sydney, a preacher of reputed high abilities, is to minister at the Unitarian Church, on Eastern-hill, Melbourne; the Rev. H. Higginson, of Melbourne, is to be at Adelaide; and the Rev. J. C. Woods, of Adelaide, is to be at Sydney." Wesleyan Camp Meeting.—A camp meeting in connection with the North Adelaide Circuit was held on Good Friday, on the grounds of Mr. C. Folland, sen., at Enfield. A large number of persons were conveyed to the camp-ground in two of Cobb & Co.'s largest omnibuses and several vans, which left Archer-street Chapel shortly before 10 o'clock. Besides those conveyed in this way large numbers from the Adelaide Circuit were present, and continual reinforcements arrived during the day by means of private vehicles. About 800 people attended the meeting altogether. | A spacious tent had been erected as a shelter from the sun, and this being filled up with seats was quickly occupied. The ministers present were the Revs. J. Watsford, J. J. Watsford, R. C. Flockart, S. Knight, and J. Y. Simpson; and several laymen also took part in the devotional service. The Rev. J. Watsford opened the meeting by an appropriate address upon the subject, "He shall see of the travail of his soul and be satisfied." In the course of his remarks he stated his experience of camp meetings, and mentioned instances where they had been pro ductive of great good. He impressed upon them the necessity of an earnest effort to obtain a re vival of God's work in the Church, and remarked that he thought a meeting of that description would prove a blessing, and an assistance in ac complishing this object. Mr. Gillingham next delivered a short address from the words, "This man receiveth sinners and eateth with them." his remarks being appropriate and earnest. The Rev. R. C. Flockart followed with an earnest dis course, and he was succeeded by the Rev. J. Y. Simpson, who preached an eloquent and powerful sermon from the text, "For God so loved the world that he gave his only begotten Son, that whosoever believeth in Him should not perish but have everlasting life." After speaking of the great love of Christ towards sinful men, and illustrating it in a variety of ways, he warned them against trusting to the imagination of man as an authority upon the matter, but pointed them to the written word and God's own promises. The devotional portion of the service having been conducted by Mr. Langsford, there was a short interval for re freshment. The afternoon service was opened by the Rev. R. C. Flockart giving out a hymn, after which tbe Rev. J. J. Watsford offered prayer. Mr. Flockart then gave an address. Placing before them the example of the Levites of old, he wished them to come out and consecrate themselves to the Lord and work in his service; not as the men of old did, with carnal weapons, but with the sword of the Spirit. To be successful in saving souls there must he no division amongst them; let their hearts he given up without reserva tion, and every faculty of their minds he laid upon the altar which sanctified the gift. God had honoured such consecration in the days of the Reformation, and in the time of Wesley and in their own day they saw sufficient evidences amongst the heathen to convince them that He did so still. After further devotional exercises, the Rev. S. Knight gave a stirring address from the words. "Turn you at my reproof; behold, I will pour out my Spirit unto you." in a powerful appeal to his hearers he pointed out that in an acceptance of the invitation conveyed in the words of the text there was nothing to humiliate, mortify, or discourage man, and he urged them to immediate decision. Many of them had had special calls—prosperity had been given to some, affliction to others, and those were His reproofs. He spoke of the sus ceptibility of conscience to lose its influence over the human heart, and pressed it as an additional reason why youth should be spent in the ways of religion. He mentioned that he had left in the circuit he had come from a church and congregation of 3,000 adults, and the same number of children, the members of the Church numbering about 1,700. Many fre quenters of his ministry, although not connected with the Church, were his most intimate friends, and in spite of preaching for years, and every endeavour to save them, he was obliged to leave them still unconverted. He had seen three horrible death-beds—might God preserve him from seeing another-but he had never seen a Christian die who did not shout glory and praise God to the last. The rev. gentleman concluded by a direct and most earnest appeal to the unconverted. The remainder of the day was devoted to prayer meetings, and the services having been concluded in an appropriate manner, the party returned to North Adelaide. A special church meeting was held in Archer-street Wesleyan Chapel in the evening. Sunday-School Festival at Kensington.— On Friday, 12th instant, the children of High street Sunday-School, numbering more than 100, proceeded in the early part of the day with their teachers and superintendent—the Rev. H. Cheetham—to the beautiful section near the Glynde, belonging to Mr. Andrewartha. Ample provision was made for their refreshment and amusement. A number of parents and friends were present on the occasion, and all were delighted. They returned in the evening to the Schoolroom, where they found the tea-tables well furnished. Children, teachers, parents, and friends were all accommodated, and after tea they ad journed to the Kensington Institute, where they were treated with an exhibition of biblical and his torical views through a powerful magic lantern. At 9 o'clock, after singing the National Anthem and Doxology, they retired to their homes, pleased and gratified with the pleasures of the day. Horses and vehicles for the use of the children and teachers were supplied gratuitously.—Correspon dent. The Insolvency and Local Courts.—We understand that a movement is on foot among the members of the profession to memorialize the Government to separate the duties of Stipendiary Magistrate of the Adelaide Local Court from that of Commissioner of Insolvency. SUNDAY-SCHOOL FESTIVALS.—On Good Friday several of the Sunday-schools connected with the various places of Worship in the city and suburbs, held their annual festivals. A few attractive spots in the hills and elsewhere, pos- sessing peculiar advantages for ruralizing, were selected. Thanks to the magnificent state of the weather a most enjoyable day was spent. The Sunday- schools belonging to Zion Chapel, Pul- teney-street, and Stepney Chapel, numbering between 200 and 300 children and adults, spent the day at Burnside. The Sabbath-school connected with the late Congregational Church. Freeman- street, now promoted to the rank of the Stow Memorial Church, to the number of upwards of 200 children, teachers, and friends, started at about 10 o'clock in the morning in six railway vans, for Mr. W. H. Trimmer's section at the Sturt, which had been kindly lent for the occasion. The pro- cession, which was followed by a supplementary train composed of three lighter vehicles, engaged for commissariat purposes, proceeded along Free man-street and Rundle-street, down King William- street, and from thence along the acknow ledged route leading to their destination, a considerable display of bunting attesting its festive nature. After arriving at the grounds, a variety of amusements in the shape of cricket and football were initiated for the gentlemen, whilst "twos and threes," swings, and archery were provided for the especial delectation of the ladies, most of which were engaged in with zest. An agreeable day was spent, and at about 4 o'clock the company started for town, and were regaled on their return with a substantial tea, shortly after which the children separated—not however, with out giving three hearty cheers for those who had taken an active share in the preparations for the festival. The annual treat of the Sunday school in connection with the Hindmarsh-square Congre- gational Church took place on Good Friday. It was intended to have had a trip to Woodville, but the weather being so unsettled during the week, induced the teachers to resolve upon finding some means of amusing the children in or near the city, rather than run the risk of a country trip. The scholars accordingly met in the school- room adjoining the Church in the afternoon, and after singing one or two hymns were taken by their teachers on to the Park Lands near the Exhibition Building, where they spent the afternoon, which, as it happened, was delightfully fine, in playing at cricket, and various other games. Between 4 and 5 o'clock they returned to the Church, where they were bountifully supplied with tea and cake. In the evening about 200 children and friends assem bled in the schoolroom, where a number of dis solving views were exhibited and explained by Mr. C. Scrymgour, comprising some interesting views of places passed by the mail steamer between Southampton and Suez, and others of an instruc tive as well as an amusing character. After acknowledging the kindness of Mr. B. Goode, photographer, who had gratuitously lent the lanterns and apparatus, the gathering broke up at an early hour. SOUTH ADELAIDE WESLEYAN SUNDAY-SCHOOL UNION.—The annual meeting of the Wesleyan Sunday-School Union was held in Pirie-street Chapel on Wednesday evening, April 24. Previous to the public meeting, a tea was held in the Lecture-Hall, and attended by about 300 persons. At the subsequent proceedings the chapel was well filled, and the gallery was occupied by a large number of Sunday scholars. The meeting having been opened by singing and prayer, Mr. J. Colton, M.P., who presided, expressed the pleasure he felt at meeting them on the occasion of their anniver sary. It had been his pleasure to meet those schools every year, with one exception, for the last 27 years, and it rejoiced him to know that they were prospering and increasing numerically, finan cially, in piety, and in everything that would tend to raise and elevate young people, and fit them for the important duties of life. (Hear.) He was glad to know that there had been during the past year a very considerable amount of such prosperity. He thought the teachers in connection with that Union had occasion to feel proud of the position they occupied that evening. Theirs was a highly honourable and important work, and one which had attached to it very considerable responsi- bilities. There was also in connection with the faithful discharge of a Sabbath-school teacher's duties, very great pleasure arising from a sense of carrying out the work in an efficient manner in this life, and large rewards in the world to come. The teachers required the prayers, sympathies, and financial help of the Church and congregation, and he trusted that that evening they would be prepared to afford the assistance required. Mr. Mann, the General Secretary, then read the report, which gave the following information:—The in come for the year, including proceeds of the last anniversary, was £71 14s. 7d., and the expenditure had left a balance due of £1 2s. 11d. In Pirie street School there were 30 teachers, 280 scholars; average attendance, 208; a library of 863 volumes, with a weekly issue of 70. Franklin-street School— 17 teachers, 130 scholars; average attendance, 112: library, 335 vols. Gilbert-street—14 teachers, 153 scholars; average attendance, 119; library, 480 vols. Harriett-street—6 teachers. 46 scholars; average attendance, 30; library, 214 vols. Total 67 teachers; 609 scholars; average attendance, 469: libraries, 1,892 vols. Increase during the year of one teacher and 92 scholars. In Pine-street senior male teachers were required, and members of the Church not otherwise engaged were invited to take part in the work on the Sunday. In consequence of necessary repairs to the Franklin-street Schoolroom, in effecting which £22 9s. 4d. had been expended, no addition had been made to the school libraries. The staff of officers proposed for the ensuing year was:—Pirie street—Superintendent, Mr. L. Roach; Secretary, Mr. Richards. Franklin- street—Superintendent, Mr. Thompson; Secretary, Mr. H. J. Thompson. Gilbert- street—Superintendent, Mr. Lloyd; Sec retary, Mr. Gartrell. Harriett-street—Superin- tendent, Mr. Pink. The report was adopted. Ex- cellent practical speeches were then made by the Revs. J. G. Millard, E. C. Flockart, and S. Knight, in which some admirable suggestions for the more efficient working of the schools were thrown out. Mr. W. Scott proposed—"That the following gen- tlemen constitute the Committee for the ensuing year:—Mr. F. W. Thomas (Treasurer), and Messrs. Broadbent. Fox, W. Pengelly, Hill, Howell W. Thomas, J. Bonnett, A. W. Dobbie, Stacey, Jolly, W. G. Coombs, Taylor, W. Scott. Langs ford, Tembv, and Cheek, together with the Superintendents of the four schools, the ministers of the circuit, and Mr. J. Colton." Mr. Thompson seconded, and the resolution was passed unanimously. Mr. James Scott moved— "That a vote of thanks be given to the ladies who provided the tea, and to Mr. Hansen for presiding at the organ." The motion was seconded by Mr. Dobbie, and carried. A similar compliment having been accorded to the Chairman, on the motion of the Rev. A Rigg, the meeting closed. During the evening some beautiful Sunday-school pieces were very sweetly sung by the children. The total pro ceeds of the anniversary amount to £54. Kapunda Rifles.—On Wednesday and Thurs day week the Kapunda volunteers turned out to the number of 43 for classification firing. The weather was about the most unpropitious that could pos- sibly have been for such a purpose, the wind blowing almost a hurricane, especially on the first day, on the afternoon of which a heavy rain set in, which caused a speedy cessation of firing, as the target was at times almost invisible. The classi- fication was resumed on Thursday, and despite the inclemency of the weather the shooting on the whole was considered very creditable. Of those who fired 12 gained sufficient points to entitle them to the marksmen's badge, fire were drafted into the first class, and 15 into the second. The shooting was conducted under the superinten- dance of Drill-Instructors Mortimer and Kingdon. The highest scores in the first period were:— Ensign Small, 57 points; Privates C. H. Austin, 55; C. Rebbeck, 54; Captain Tuckfield, 53; Ser- geant N. Hawke, 52; Private E. Edgecombe, 49; Corporal G. R. Lowe, 48; Private C. Marquet, 45; J. W. Strawbridge, 45; Lieut. Mullen, 43; Privates G. Thompson, 43; D. B. Wiltshire; 43; J. H. Williams, 42; and Surgeon Blood, 40. The follow ing were the scores in the second period at the second-class ranges, made by those who succeeded in passing into the first class: Sergeant Hawke, 47; Private C. H. Austin, 42; Captain Tuckfield, 38; Private J. W. Straw-bridge, 35; Corporal Lowe, 33; Lieut. Mullen, 31: Ensign Small, 31; Privates Wm. Hill, 31; J. Knuckey, 31; E. Edgecombe, 30; J. H. Williams, 30: and D. B. Wiltshire, 30. Subjoined are the scores made in the third period at the first class ranges, some of which it will be seen, in dicate very great steadiness:—Private J. W Strawbridge. 41; Ensign Small, 38; Captain Tuckfield. 37; Corporal Lowe, 37: Private E. Edgecombe, 37; Sergeant Hawke, 36; Privates J. H. Williams, 31; C. H. Austin. 29; Lieu tenant Mullen, 28; Privates W. Hill, 27; J. Knuckey, 27; and D. B. Wiltshire, 27. All these gentlemen made sufficiently high scores to qualify them to be marksmen. The following were the aggregate scores of the marksmen:—Sergeant N. Hawke, 135 points; Captain Tuckfield, 128; Ensign Small 126; Privates Austin, 126; Strawbridge, 121; Corporal Lowe, 118; Privates Edgecombe, 116; Williams, 103; Lieutenant Mullen, 102; Privates Wiltshire, 100; Win. Hill, 97; and Knuckey, 96. The first aggregate prize of £10 was consequently taken by Sergeant Hawke, and the second, of £6, by Captain Tuckfield. THE INNER BAR, PORT ADELAIDE.—The Presi- dent and Wardens of the Marine Board, accom panied by Mr. John Howard Clark, the Chairman of the Chamber of Commerce, proceeded on April 13 to inspect the operations of the steam dredge on the inner bar. Before going down the river the party paid a visit to the Government yard, where the new lifeboat, now in course of building, was much admired. It is certainly a beautiful model, and the workmanship reflects great credit on the shipwrights employed. Having looked round the yard, they embarked on board the Government schooner, which was about to sail for the lighthouses. Sail was then set on the schooner, and with a fair wind she proceeded down the river. On her way the company adjourned to luncheon, which was provided in the cabin. The schooner dropped anchor a short distance below the dredge, which was at work on the shoalest part of the bar, abreast of Yeo's cottage. The party were conveyed to the dredge, where about an hour was spent in witnessing its operations. The buckets were bringing up large quantities of silt and broken limestone crust which had previously been torn up. The foreman of works, Mr. Taylor enabled the company to witness the power exerted by the dredge in breaking up the crust. The immense strain upon the grapnels would frequently cause the main tumbler to revolve without carrying the links with it, but in a short time the large blocks of limestone which were brought up showed that the dredge was working most effectually. The President explained the working of the machinery, and the party returned to the schooner, where the President proposed " The Health of the Chairman of the Chamber of Commerce." Mr. Clark, in acknowledging the toast, expressed the great plea sure the trip had afforded him, so much so that he should have no objection to a repetition of it. He was much gratified to observe the satisfactory manner in which the dredge worked, and hoped that in a short time the obstruction offered to the shipping would be materially lessened. In a conversation which followed, the necessity of a second dredge was strongly advocated. It was stated that it would occupy the present dredge about five years to cut a channel through the whole length of the bar; but that if two were employed, one to break up the crust, and the other to raise the silt a very great saving of time would be effected. The health of the President having been drunk, the company was then pulled back to the Port in the schooner's gig, and arrived at their destination shortly alter 5 o'clock. THE WESLEYAN THIRD CIRCUIT.—A tea meeting to celebrate the 15th anniversary of the Norwood Wesleyan Chapel Sunday-school was held in the chapel on Monday evening, April 15. Afterwards a public meeting took place, at which the new ministers appointed for the Circuit were welcomed. The proceedings commenced with singing and prayer; after which Mr. Abbott, sen., took the chair, remarking that it was 60 years since he first knew anything of Sunday-schools. They were not in years past conducted as they were now. About 100 or 150 children used to be under the charge of one or two teachers, and no explanation what ever was given of their blessings. He had been connected with Sunday-schools for 40 years, during which time he had filled different offices in them, and had always felt great interest in the work. He trusted that the school in that place would prosper. Mr. Woods, the Secretary of the school, then read the report, which stated that there were 159 children with 11 teachers, the average atten- dance of whom was 105 children in the afternoon, and six teachers. The report was, on the motion of the Rev. Mr. Read, seconded by Mr. Cooper, adopted. Mr. Gault, one of the Circuit Stewards, then said that the times of such changes as had lately taken place were very anxious periods, both with the ministers and the people. The Stewards had felt it their duty to make enquiries respecting all the amiable qualities which the ministers who had been appointed to their Circuit possessed, and the more enquiries they made, and the further in formation they procured, the more they felt satis fied that they had the right men in the right place. He was sure that they would receive them with cordial affection for their work's sake, and he prayed that their labours might be crowned with abundant success. Sabbath-school teaching was a very important part of the work they had to do. He felt that nothing was more neglected by their Church than their Sabbath-school; but nothing offered a greater field for useful ness. The responsibility of the teachers was very great without they had the co-operation of their ministers. Mr. Rhodes then welcomed the ministers to the Circuit, and the Rev. Mr. Wats ford introduced them, speaking very warmly of his regard for Methodist preachers. The Rev. S. Knight expressed his pleasure at the reception he had met with, and said he thought if they all began with a determination to be united they would form the most compact and best Circuit in all the colonies. The Circuit had been praised up to him in letters most astonishingly, and he had written to Mr. Simpson, telling him what a paradise they were going to. He should he delighted to see them assembled in a structure worthy of themselves; and if they had a good revival, they might build a finer church and hand the present one over for the use of the school. His idea of the importance of school labours was perhaps not below that of any person present. His obligations to them were very great, and he should be unworthy of his position if he did not make it his duty to labour earnestly for the school. The work of the present generation was to take care of the young, as Archbishop Whately said. It was their business to give them the best men they had to teach them. There had never been a man too gifted, too learned, or too good to take a class in a Sunday school. They had a great and difficult task to perform. He was glad to hear that there was a class of young men, but was very sorry that the class of young women were without a teacher. He beseeched any one that had the talent and heart to act as such to do so. In London, Liverpool, and other large towns in Great Britain, it was said that only 10 per cent, of Sabbath scholars entered into the Church. Why, that percentage would not satisfy any class. The farmer would not be content that 90 per cent, of his wheat should be lost in the gound; the doctor that 90 per cent, of his patients should die; or the merchant that 90 per cent, of his sales should be lost in bad debts. A child trained up well would grow to be a Chris tian. He had nothing to do with the neglect or mistakes of parents, but God's words were— "Train up a child in the way he should go, and when he is old he will not depart from it." Let parents feel that deeply in their hearts; he trusted he might feel it in his own. He regretted, as minister, they had not more time to devote to the children. He was of an excitable temperament, and could not preach three times a day without injury to his health; he could not speak to the children in a humdrum way, but with his heart and soul. He had the idea that his vocation was that of a revivalist—the hardest duty a man could choose, but the most glorious in its reward, and he had vowed himself to live and labour for the saving of souls. He required the help of all of them — they could make him successful, if they liked. He begged them to forget little differences and distinctions, and prayed that God might give them grace to help them in their work. (Applause.) The Rev. J. T. Simpson said his only desire was to lead souls to Christ. He had not felt as a stranger coming among them, but as a brother, as they all had one father, and traced their happiness to one source. He told the teachers that they were labouring for Christ; they might have many discouragements, but they could succeed, and the memory would be sweet to them as having led children to the knowledge of the truth. They were the connecting links between the Church and the parents, over whom their influence would be felt. They must not come to their work unprepared; by studying they would be fitting themselves for a higher sphere of useful ness. Above all, they must pray for the children if they would see them brought to God. (Applause.) A collection was then made, after which votes of thanks were passed to the ladies for providing the tea, to the choir for their rendering of several pieces; and to the Chairman for presiding, and the meeting closed in the usual manner. DINNER TO SERGEANT FRAZER.—A complimentary dinner was given at the Black Bull by the Scottish volunteer corps on Wednesday evening, April 17, to Sergeant James Frazer on the occasion of his in- tended departure from the colony. There were about 50 persons present, the Chair being filled by Captain Buik, who was supported by Sergeant Fraser on his right, and the Rev. R. Haining on the left. Ample justice having been done to an excellent spread, provided by host Battams, the cloth was removed and the toasts of "The Queen'' and "The Prince of Wales, under the title of the Duke of Rothsay," which Scotchmen preferred, were proposed by the Chairman in complimentary terms, and warmly received, Captain Buik, in the course of his remarks, alluding specially to the valu- able assistance and encouragement which had been rendered by Her Majesty and His Royal Highness to the volunteer force. The toasts of "His Excellency" and "The Army and Navy" were also duly honoured. Mr. John Clark, who acted as Vice chairman, gave "The Parliament," which was received with applause. The toast of the evening, "The Health of Sergeant Frazer," was proposed by Mr. Clark, who expressed his belief that the Scottish Company of Volunteers would eventually become second to none in the colony, and referred in complimentary terms to Sergeant Frazer, whose departure for his native land could not fail to awaken regret in the minds of himself and many more, wishing him and his family a pleasant and prosperous voyage. The toast was received with great enthusiasm, the piper playing " Will ye no come hack again," and Captain Buik bore his testimony to the worthy and gentlemanly conduct which had ever been dis played by Sergeant Frazer. The compliment was acknowledged in suitable terms by Sergeant Frazer, who expressed his hope that the Company would go on successfully, and that the members would soon appear in their native dress, which he had no doubt would call forth many more to join their ranks. Several other toasts of a various nature followed, including " The prosperity of all denominations," which was acknowledged by the Rev. Mr. Haining. The harmony of the evening was increased by several tunes on the bagpipes by Mr. Dickson, and songs and recitations by others of the company. Apologies were received from the Hon. Wm. Milne, Colonel Biggs and Lieut. Sanders, and Mr. Townsend, M.P. VIEW ON THE RIVER TORRENS.—We were shown on Friday, April 19, a very well- executed photo graph of the sheet of water recently created in the Torrens by means of the Corporation dam. The Morphett-street footbridge, as well as the vegeta tion which lines the brink of the river, are also brought out with great distinctness, and the picture reflects credit on the mannipulator, Mr. H. Norman, Old colonists who have been away from South Australia for some time will be rather surprised to find that so extensive a reach of deep water has been formed in the much-despised Torrens. HORSES KILLED ON THE RAILWAY.—On Friday, April 19, as the 1.40 train for the Port was passing the Gaol, two horses were seen on the rails. As the train approached one of them leaped over the embankment close to the bridge and was killed on the spot. The other had his hind legs cut off by the engine wheels, and after jumping along for a short distance on the stumps it dropped down dead. Had the train come into direct collision with the horses it might have been throw off the line and serious conse quences been entailed. MR. SELLAR AGAIN.—James Zimri Sellar was brought up at the Police Court, on Tuesday, April 23, on a charge of obtaining goods from W. A. Wight, grocer, by pretending that a certain balance-sheet, representing him to be in a solvent state, was a true statement of his affairs. After the partial examination of Mr. Wight, the case was adjourned. . A LIBRARY FOR THE DESTITUTE ASYLUM.—The Chairman of the Destitute Board is desirous of establishing a library for the use of the Asylum inmates. If there are any friends who can, without inconvenience, spare books or publications that will tend to raise, as well as to amuse and interest the mind, they will be rendering a great service to the institution. NATIONAL BANK OF AUSTRALASIA.—A telegram announcing the result of the annual meeting of the shareholders of the National Bank, was sent from Melbourne on Wednesday by Mr. E. M. Young. We have been favoured with a copy, as follows:— "Rate of dividend, 10 per cent., with bonus of 2½ per cent, in addition; £5,000 to the Reserve Fund, and balance carried forward." The exact figures, as furnished to us, are:—Net profits, £40,000. Dividend, £27.000; bonus, £6,750; reserve, £5,000 =£38,750. Forward, £1,250. A full report is expected by the Wonga. PUBLIC MEETING AT NAIRNE.—A public meeting took place at the District Hotel, Nairne, on Tuesday evening, April 23, Mr. D. Chapman in the chair. Several resolutions were agreed to in favour of alterations in the present Insolvency Laws, and a Committee appointed to prepare a memorial for presentation to the House of Assembly. The question of protection was also discussed later in the evening, and a resolution carried affirming that it is desirable to encourage native industries, "either by bonuses or protective duties." MUNICIPAL COUNCIL.—At a special meeting of the City Council on Wednesday considerable dis cussion took place on reports from Messrs. King ston, Hamilton, and Hyndman, respecting designs for the Morphett-street bridge; and it was even tually decided that, as the first design was above the £6,000, tenders should be called for the work on it; and if it was shown the work could be done for less, the £50 premium should be given. A report from the Public Works Committee relative to the disposal of the gas-lamps was read and adopted. THE NEW SECRETARY FOR THE COLONIES.—The Argus gives the following account of the new Secretary for the Colonies:— The Duke of Buck ingham and Chandos, whom the dissensions in Lord Derby's Cabinet have placed at the head of the Colonial Office, is the only son of the late Duke, by the sister of the last Marquis of Bredal- bane, and is now in his forty-fifth year. Belong- ing to that favoured class who seem generally to be placed beyond the ordinary reach of misfor tune, the Duke was destined to discover, before he had reached his twenty- fifth year, that fate had reserved for him an experience of life very diffe rent to that of most dukes eldest sons. In 1848, but a short time after the Queen's visit to Stowe, when all the country rang with the report of her magnificent reception, the late duke's difficulties culminated. The princely home of the Gren villes, the resort for nearly a century of all most renowned in intellect and art, and the seat of accumulated treasures of every description, be came for many days the scene of an auctioneer's triumphs, and the glorious chambers in which Chatham and Temple had held converse, and sought repose from the cares of State, were filled with Jew dealers, brokers, and a motley group, whose like it may be safely asserted the walls of those grand old apartments have never looked upon before or since, whilst they echoed to the hammer of the great George Robins. The sale at Stowe was second to none—not even to that of Mr. Bickford, at Fonthill—in the interest it excited and the quality of the property disposed of. The catalogues were sold at a guinea a piece. Great sympathy was at the time felt and expressed for Lord Chandos, the more so that a painful impres sion prevailed, to which the Times newspaper gave further force in a memorable article, to the effect that the late Duke had, in his difficulties, taken an unfair advantage of his son in reference to the alienation of certain property. But what ever might have been the shortcomings of the father, the son is a man uni versally esteemed and respected, and the manner in which, when be learnt his real position, he put his shoulder to the wheel, and resolved to show men, that although the eldest son of a duke, with the noblest blood in England running in his veins, he could and would earn his bread, won the hearts of Englishmen. Stowe was, after being completely gutted of its treasures, for many years entirely abandoned; but it will gratify the many who take an interest in the annals of an historic house so intimately con nected with the politics of the last century, to learn that the duke,who succeeded to a property of many thousands a year on the death of his maternal uncle, the Marquis of Breadalbane, is now, so far as house and park are concerned, "enjoying his own again." But Stowe. is, of course, no longer the Stowe of yore, now its trea sures and magnificent library are scattered to the four winds. The whereabouts of many of the objects of art are still well known, and it is pos sible may be gradually recovered. The grand lanthorn—made expressly for the Queen's visit— emblazoned with the arms of the barons and numerous noble families with whom the Grenvilles have been connected—not omit ting the conspicuous quartering of the family arms with those or royalty itself, on which account ill-natured critics declared that it had been made, and prominently intro- duced to the illustrious visitors' attention—now adorns the hall of the famous Calverley Hotel, a favourite resort in former days of Lord and Lady Palmerston, at Tonbridge Wells.. Even now half the curiosity and vertu dealers in England derive the pedigree of a surprising number of their wares from Stowe, and, indeed, although that house is very large, it had need have been as big as Ver sailles to have accommodated all the articles which ingenious Hebrews and other dealers in 'bigotry and virtue' assert to have once occupied a niche within its walls. The Dukedom of Bucking ham again becomes extinct on the death of the present duke, who has no male heir; but his eldest daughter will, by a special limitation in the original patent, become, on her father's death, Countess Temple in her own right. It is not a little remarkable that the Dukedom of Bucking ham has been enjoyed by four distinct famflies— the Staffords, Villiers, Sheffields, and Grenvilles. Buckingham Palace was originally the town-house of Sheffield, Duke of Buckingham, and sold by his heirs to the Crown. The old town house of the present creation stands in Pall Mall, and is now a part of the War Office. The arms carved in stone still remain. The duke's grandmother was daughter and sole heiress of the last Duke of Chandos, and we believe that he now occupies Chandos House, long known as the residence of the Austrian Embassy, so that, both in town and in country, his grace has in middle life returned to the home of his fathers. The duke, as Marquis of Chandos, was for some years Chairman of the London and North-Western Railway Company, and discharged his responsible office to the general satisfaction of the shareholders and the public. He sat in the House of Commons for the borough of Buck ingham. Without, probably, possessing Lord Carnarvon's extensive and accurate knowledge of colonial subjects, we believe that His Grace will be found to administer the duties of his office with prudence, moderation, and good sense. RETURN OF THE CHIEF SECRETARY.—The Chief Secretary returned from his tour in the South Eastern District on Friday evening, April 19 and looks all the better for his trip. DR. GRAHAM.—Dr. Graham formerly Assistant Colonial Surgeon at the Hospital, and now of Mel bourne, arrived by the Aldinga on Saturday, and is the guest of Dr. Moore. It is a pity Dr. Graham arrived just too late to attend the dinner given to his host. Mr. A. Hay.—Amongst the passengers who arrived by tbe Aldinga on Saturday were Mr. A. Hay and his family. They have been upwards of five years in England, although Mr. Hay has paid one visit to the colony during this period. Inquest.—An inquest was held by the Coroner on Monday, April 22, at the Destitute Asylum, on the body of a male infant who died at that place on Sunday morning. Mr. W. H. Campbell was chosen foreman of the Jury. Moses Frith, of North Adelaide, deposed that he brought an infant to the Destitute Asylum on Thursday afternoon, between 2 and 3 o'clock. There were some people at the gate, and laid it down together with a bundle. His daughter Henrietta called his atten tion to a child in his house. Suspected Elizabeth Millington to be the mother of the child. Did not see the person who left it. not being at home. Had not the most remote idea where Elizabeth Milling ton was. Last saw her nearly two months ago. Believed the bundle produced to be the one he left with the child, and some writing on a slip of paper which was in it to be that of Elizabeth Mil lington. The inquest was then adjourned until Wednesday morning, when the following evidence was taken:—Henrietta Frith stated that she knew Elizabeth Millington. Last saw her on Thursday last at about 11 o'clock. She came to her father's house in Ward-street, North Adelaide, and asked to be allowed to leave a parcel, as she had a little further to go, and would call for it directly. She walked into the bedroom, and put the bundle on the bed. She then left, and had not seen her since. Had supposed the bundle to contain clothes. In about 10 minutes after she left I heard a child cry. Went and looked at it. Her father came home about two hours after. He took the baby to the Destitute Asylum. It was a male child. Elizabeth Millington lived at her father's house for five months as governess and housekeeper. She left about two months ago. She appeared to be a healthy middle-aged woman. Ann Chambers, an inmate of the Destitute Asylum, said—Last Thurs day Mrs. Kirby, one of the nurses, gave her a male child to take care of. Thought it was about eight days old. It was very poorly. Found it dead in its cot on Sunday morning about 6 o'clock. Had fed it with milk and water. Thought it would have lived longer if it had had its mother's milk. It seemed to be starved to death, as if it had not had proper nourishment given to it. Ann Tonkin said— She had taken a child and a parcel from the gate on Thursday last. Gave it to Mrs. Chambers. Jane Kirby deposed that she was a nurse in the Destitute Asylum. Had had a male child brought to her on Thursday. Should say it was about two or three days old. It did not appear healthy; it seemed to be dying from want of nourishment. It was brought iu about 3 o'clock. There was a bottle of milk left with it. It was too long to leave a child without nourishment from 11 to 3 o clock. Attributed its death to neglect before it was brought to the Asylum, or from want of proper food. Edward Uoithouse, Superintendent of the Destitute Asylum, stated that last Thursday about 3 o clock Mr Frith came into his office, and said he had brought an infant which he wished to have ad mitted. He said it had been left at his house during his absence by lizzie Millington, and that it was at the gate. Said he would receive it, and went to the gate. It was lying on the footpath wrapped up. but its face was visible. Returned aim told Ann Tonkin to take the child. About 10 minutes elapsed from Sir. Frith s informing hnn of it till it was brought in. It was a fine day. When talking to Mr. Frith was under the im pression that the child was in charge of some person at the gate, and did not find out otherwise till he saw it. It appeared an emaciated little thing. Frederica Berger, midwife, said—Mrs. Cox showed her a male child on Thursday afceniGon. Believed it was not eight day's oK and that it was full crown. It was celd and pale, and though* it would die directly. Elizabeth Cox, nurse, also gave evidence as to the state of .the child. Mr. Berger recalled, said the navel-string was on. The bones were large and hard, and the feet and hands too large for the child to have been born before its time. Mrs. Chambers, recalled, said the navel string was off, and ihe navel was healed up, but it was very tender. The, child slept nearly aU day. It was very cold when it was brought in. It recovered when it was given some warm milk. Showed the baby to Dr. Corbin on Friday last, and milk was ordered for it. Thought it was a full grown child. Dr. Corbin stated that from hearing the evidence of the three last witnesses he should judge the child to he full-grown, and about eight days old. Did not think the child having been once cold w ould accelerate its death. ,Wben be saw it he thought it was dying from inanition. Did not think it would have lived if it had hail its mother's milk after he saw it, but it might have lived longer. Moses Frith deposed that Elizabeth Millington came to live at his house in August last as governess and housekeeper. She left about two months ago. Previous to that she had been absent a fortnight or three weeks. Suspected she was in tbe family-way a week or two before she left, felic had never told him so. Did not know if sue had any fiiends in the colony. By the Jury—Had engaged her in Melbourne, where she had been recommended to liim. Had discharged her because she did not fulfil her duties. She liad complained of being unwell, and suffering from headache. She would have left before if she could have found another place. Had brought her from Melbourne, where he had been living. The Coroner addressed the Jury, and said if they found that the child died from natural causes, they must bring in a verdict to that effect; but if they thought that it died from culpable neglect by want of proper nourish ment, they must ascertain who was the mother of it, because that verdict would necessitate her being indirted for manslaughter. They had, however, no evidence ou that point, and the woman had not been found: but he thought he could assume that slie ted not had sufficient nourishment for her offspring. To bring in Kl'zabetli Millington guilty of manslaughter they must find the contrary. In a short time the Jury returned a verdict.that the deceased died from natural causes, with a rider censuring Mr. Frith for placing the child on the ground outside the establishment without any pro tection, which might have accelerated its death. Vital Statistics.—The number of births and deaths registered in the District of Adelaide during the week ended Saturday, the 20th April wereBirtlis—22 males, 17 females. Deaths—15 . it females. Total—39 births, 26 deaths.! Excess ot births, 13. Wreck in Western Australia.—The follow- , iBg appears in the Inquirer and, Commercial newspaper of March 27:—" Wreck of theSchooner J Lass of Gerralton, and Loss of Passengers and j Crew.—We are sorry to hear that our much ; esteemed fellow-citizen. Mr. George Shenton, is I among those who hare perished. The Lass of I I Gerralton left Fremantle on Monday for Bunbuiy, I | having on board, as passengers, Messrs. G. Shenton and Teede, and, when off the Murray, was capsized during the severe gale of that day." We under stand that Mr. Shenton was the leading merchant I and largest landed proprietor in the colony. He was a man of great influence, and was known to ] several gentlemen in this colony. His extensive I business transactions ruled the market; and a cor respondent, who has sent us these particulars, says his death will cause a great impetus to trade. He usually bore the name of " the Monopolist" in j Western Australia. j The Colonial Office. — The Newcafie j Chronicle says, " Mr. Henry Thurstan Holland, o the .Northern Circuit, has been appointed legal adviser to the Colonial Office. The office, which has been created by the present Government, precludes the holder of it from practising at the Bar. The salary is £1,200 a year." Station Property on the Mure ay.—A gentle man upon whose authority we can implicitly , depend, writes thus from Melbourne on April 16:— j "In these dull times, when sales of sqnattiDg 1 stations are difficult to effect, it may cheer the hearts of some squatters to read in your paper the report of the sale of the Cobran Station, near Deniliquin. The sate is reported in the Argus as ! amounting to about £100,100; the actual figure is £90,00), and at this amount gives a high price both for the sheep and cattle. Several small stations are changing hands here, but large sales are rare." Easter Monday.—Splendid weather marked the occurrence of Easter Monday, April 22. The public of Adelaide poured cit masse to enjoy themselves in the country and at the seaside, according as their inclinations dictated. The Catholics had a very successful picnic, and there was no end of Sunday-school festivals. Baces ook place under the auspices of sportsmen of Kensington and Norwood. Games were advertised to be held at Glenelg, and were carried out, so far as appliances would admit of. Excursion steamers ran between the Port and that popular watering place, and to both of the termini hundreds of pleasure seekers resorted. Brighton, too, had its quota of visitors, and the good folks of Gawlerand Kapunda had their special festivals, which went off satisfactorily. Altogether Easter Monday was a capital holiday, thoroughly kept. Great Fire in Dunedin.—The Grcymoidk Argus of April 4 says:—"A most extensive firs occurred last night, which is considered to be the most terrible ever known in the city. It com menced in the shop of Mr. Wilson, ironmonger, Princess-street, and consumed the entire block from the Octagon to Moray- place. The fire was discovered shortly before 11 o'clock, and in a few minutes it got a firm hold. It first took the westerly side of the street and the buildings at the rear, and then crossed the street and swept off the easterly side of Princess-street. Tbe premises destroyed are those of—Wilson, ironmonger; Harduig, Octagon Hotel; Jago & Co., timber yards, Stuart-street; Law, Somner, & Co., seeds men: McNeil Simpson, butcher; A & T. Burt, plumbers. The premises gutted were those of—Garrett & Co., coach builders; Herbert Haynes & Co., drapers; Paterson & McLeod, grocers; DcmanB. photographer; E. West, music seller; Sontgon & Carr, tailors: James Beid, chemist; L Beirick, fancy dealer; Johnstone, plumber; C. Begg, musicseller; a boardinghouse, tenant unknown; Criterion Hotel; Theatre Uoyal; Hamilton & Watson, furniture dealers: Scanlati Brothers, painters; W. Griegg& Co., coffee mer chants; Schnack & Co., hairdressers; W. Sinclair, tailor; J. K. Crawford, surgeon; ToSeld, watch maker. The destruction of household property was immense, not one quarter of which was covered by insurance. Tbe losses are roughly estimated at between £80,000 and £90,030. At one time it was feared that the fire would cross Moray-place: in that case it would have reached the heart of the city. As usual, the supply of water was defective. The insurance companies suffer about £15,009; Liverpool and London, £4,100; Koyal, £6,000; Victorian. £800; North British, £1,000; New Zealand, about £3.000. A. later telegram estimates the losses at £40,000; insurance, £22,000." Fire near Kapunda—On Thursday night, the ISth instant, a person residing near Kapunda, named Hand, had his house destroyed by fire. Hand and his family retired to bed about half-past 7, and a little after 8 they were aroused by a neigh bour calling "fire!" The roof was scon in a mass of flame, and defied all attempts at extinction. A crowd of persons was soon gathered around the place, and did all they could towards saving the furniture, &c.t; which was mostly got out in time although some where the fire raged strongest had to be left. The building was of stone, with wood roof, of which nothing now remains but the blackened walls and chimneys. I believe the place was insured for £500 only a few weeks ago. An, inquest was held before Mr. Browne on Saturday (20th). when the Jury (of whom Mr. Edgecomb was Foreman), after a careful investigation of the evidence given, unanimously came, to the conclu sion that the place had been maliciously and wil fully fired by some person or persons unknown. Poet Town Hall Clock.—The Indus lhas brought the necessary gear and appliances for fitting up the tower of the Port Town Hall with a timekeeper. The Barrier Banges.—The Wallaroo Times of April 20 says:—"The following letter, received by a resident in this township, has been placed at our disposal for publication:—' Wininnie, April 9, 1867\. The Adelaide, Moonta, and Wallaroo people will have it that there is a gold-field on the Barrier Banges, and are passing this place in fives and tens daily for the Banges. I hope they may be successful; hut, as far as I know and what I can learn from Campliell, who has been to the sup posed gold-fields, I would not go two miles on the present prospect. I believe it has been all a boas as far as the Barrier Banges are concerned. The report is now that the rich field lies near Mount Murchison, about 80 miles oil' Menindie, and ISO from the Barrier Banges. How true this is I cannot say. but I do not believe there is any pay , able gold-field in that locality. I hope you will | nst be mad enough to try your luck. This is the j most miserable place I ever lived in.' We hear that Mrs. G. Saint has received a letter from her husband, who had reached a spot within 100 miles of the Barrier Banges. Mrs. Saint informs us that the letter contains no intelligence of the least im portance. Mr. Saint recommends any persons who may contemplate proceeding to the Banges—we wish we could say the diggings—to leave their dogs at home, for there is no game whatever on the road." The Argus of April 16 says:—"The re porter of tbe Miz-erine Herald, who was dispatched to the Barrier Banges, dates his last letter from Menindie, within about a hundred miles of the site of the alleged gold discovery. All whom he has spoken to on the subject denounce the whole report as a mop trons exaggeration ; although it seems possible that one or two quartz specimens bearing traces of gold had been picked up there; even this, however, is questioned. The Biverina papers generally contain denials of the reality of the reported discovery." Victoria Theatre —There was a moderately good house at the Victoria on Saturday eveniug, April 20. when Bulwer's play of " Eichelieu'' was produced, in which the principal character, that of the Cardinal, was taken by Mr. Stuart O'Brien. The performances closed with the comic ballet, "The Ghost of the Village." There was a crowded attendance on Monday evening. The first piece was that of the "Old Chateau, or the Night of Perii." The company played on the whole capitally. The impersonations of especial excellence were those of the General, by Mr. O'Brien, and Michael Sammson by Mr. Charles Young, the comicality of the latter agreeably diversifying the acting. In the female characters Miss Eatl was remarkably good as Jeannette. The afterpart of tbe entertainment consisted of the fairy extravaganza. " The Ice Witch, or the Frozen Hand." A great part of the scenery was entirely new, and the whole piece was got up cn a scale of splendour not often witnessed at the Victoria. As Magnus Snora Mr. Muggrave was uncommonly excellent. Tbe other characters were alsa well sustained. Tiie magnificence of the scenery found a crowning point in the last act, ,-nd at the close a burst of applause expressive of admiration was ex torted from the spectators. Victoria Theatre—On Tuesday night the attendance at the Victoria was very respectable, and the "grand fairy spectacle" of tbe "lee | Witch" proved more successful than ever. There was very little good acting in the piece, so that the principal credit of its success must be attributed to tbe scene painter, Sir. Lester. He has in this j instance developed his art far in advance of what we have hitherto been accustomed to. The frozen ship among the icebergs gave a very triiliant opening to the piece, while the descent of the Sun King formed an equally brilliantconclusion. There were bursts of applause at almost every new shift, and the performance closed with a c 11 before the curtain for the principal actors. Of these the only one who deserved snecial mention was Mr. Mus grave, whose Magnus Snora had a brusque lively | air almost approaching to humour. AN Example ron Emplotf.ks.—We have been supplied with a copy of the Morning Advertiser, London, containing an elaborate report of a fete arranged by Messrs. M. B. Foster & Sons, ale and beer merchants, of Brook-street, for their em ployes, and held in tbe Backet and Tennis Courts of the Marvleborne Cricket Club towards the end of January last. It appears that it is the annual practice of this firm to provide a princely enter taiument for their workmen, and on this occasion the provision made was in a style of unexampled magnificence. About 300 were present, iDcludiug a long list of members of Parliament, merchants, manufacturers, and friends of tire establisliment from various parts of the kingdom, and even from the colonies. The fiitc was divided into two parts, the first consisting of a dramatic perfor mance, in which the comedietta of "Heads and Tails," and the burlesque of "Aladdin, or the AVondcrful Scamp." was successfully carried through by a company composed of friends of the firm and certain of the employes. The second part comprised a dinner provided in a most recherche style, at which the chair was taken by Mr. John Harrison Foster. Mr. M. T. Bass, M.P.. proposed^ "The Health of the Firm," which was received with enthusiastic cheering, and appropriately responded to by Mr. John Foster. The Orpheus Glee Union and the band ef the Coldstream Guards were present; and the whole affair, conceived as it was on quite a grand scale, was carried out in the most satisfactory manner. The firm is a well-known one, and are tbe London agents of Bass & Co., of Burton-on-Trent, and Guinness & Co., of Dublin. LitiHTiNG the Wharves, Poet Adelaide.— Some workmen in the employ of the Gas Company were engaged on Wednesday in laying down service-pipes from the main to the Queen's Wharf (Simpson's). We hope it may not be long before we shall be able to announce the lighting of all the wharves with gas, the necessity of which has of late been so pa'nfully illustrated. Db. Backiiaus.—The Very Eev. Dr. Backhans will leave South Australia for Sandhurst in a week or two to take charge of the Catholic Church at that place. Accident.—About half-past 5 o'clock on Monday evening the driver of a licensed vehicle marked, Thomas Joyce, No. 185, on leaving Glcnclg with passengers, ran foul of a post in turning the comer into tbe main road, and capsized the con cern. The body of the vehicle was smashed to pieces, and the passengers were all more or lesB hurt. There were grave reasons for supposing that the driver, as well as the vehicle, had a drop too much. The Buhoubed Gold Discovery.—There were various rumours afloat on Tuesday to the effect that claims had been lodged for the reward attach ing to the discovery of a gold-field in the colony, but up to closing the Government offices at 6 0 clock on that day no such claim had been put in. Engineee-ht-Chief.—Sir. Mairs, of Melbourne. has accepted the office of Engineer-in-Chief. offered him by the Government of this colony, and will shortly enter upon his duties. German Bifle Club Matches.—The annual matches of the German Bifle Club took place at the Association's ordinary shooting-ground, Hope Valley, on Easter Monday. The party started from the Hamburg Hotel, Bundle-street, at about 10 o'clock, after calling at the residence of the ex King, Mr. W. H. Ehmcke. Firing commenced at about 11 o'clock, and was finished at about 3. The weather was very propitious as regarded tempera ture, but the variableness of tbe wind in direction and velocity somewhat interfered with the shoot ing, which, however, on the whole, was of very §ood quality. The target was of the same escrrption generally used by the Club—circular in shape, and three feet in diameter. It was divided into 13.concentric circles, which deter mined the shooting. The buliseye was 41 inches m diameter. Each man was allowed hi shots. Eight prizes were offered, and there were 22 com petitors. tSr. D. Mahnke succeeded in bearing off the Kingship, his score numbering 113 points, two less than the highest score made the previous year. The second prize was won by the ex-king, Mr. W. H. Ehmcke, with 110 points. The inferior prizes were awarded as follows:—Third, Mr. F, frapmann, IIS points; fourth. Mr. Schutze, inn. (Blumberg), 104points; fifth, Mr. Waldt(Lobethal)„ 103 points; sixth, Mr. Muhr, sen., 102 pointst seventh, Mr. Linde; 97points;eighth, Mr. Schutze. serL.(Blumberg), 9a points. A considerable number of visitors, about 200, were on the grouud. At the conclusion of tbe matches the company adjourned to Host Bothe's, where an ample dinner was pro vided. The he.-uihs.of the King and ex-King were proposed and drunk with enthusiasm. The latter, who, in addition to many previous services, had that day presented the Club with a banner, was. nit my eulogised. Tbe company than had recourse to dancing; and in the pleasures 01 the "light fantastic," found a fitting termination to the day's enjoyments.—The annual gathering of the German Bifle Club at Tanunda took place in Mr. Fisher's section, ad joining the township, on Easter Monday. The procession started at about noon from the usual place of meeting, at the Tanunda Hotel, for tbe grounds, which were situated about a mile distant. Seven prizes were offered, for which there were IB competitors; each wag allowed 12 shots. Firing: commenced at about half-past 12, and was kept np> with spirit to the closing shot a little before 4. The Kingship was won by Mr. Menner, who made 93 points, tbe second prize being carried off by Mr. itichard Sobels. The winner of tbe Kingship last, year, Mr. Dohrenwendt, succeeded on the present occasion in carrying off the sixth prize. The seventh prize was a wooden spoon, but we forbear from motives of delicacy mentioning the winner's name. There was a large coucouree of spectators, many visitors from Adelaide being present. The grounds were graced with the presence of a large number of ladies. A variety of general sports were provided, swinging, skittles, &c.;, and a very pleasant afternoon was spent. Towards the close. Mr. F. Basedow presented the prizes to the winners. The company returned to the Tanunda Hotel, and the enjoyments of the day wound up with a balk m the evening. Soibee Musicals.—After an absence of between. 14 and 15 years, Mr. Frederic Ellard. so well and favourably known in musical circles, reappeared before an Adelaide andience, at White's Booms, on Monday evening, April 15, and met with a. warm reception. The reserved seats were well filled by a highly select and fashionable audience, but the back seats were rather scantily occupied. A glance at the programme showed that the performance consisted wholly of high- class music, appealing to refined and cultivated tastes. Mr. EUard was assisted by Mr. and Mrs. Loder, and Mr. B. B. White, in addition to whom his daughter afforded material help in a piece allotted to her. The introduction consisted of selections from Gounod's Faust, arranged for the piano and. harmonium, in which Messrs. .Ellard and Loder displayed their mastery over those instmments. On Mr. Ellard making his appearance on the plat form he was greeted with applause by the audience, some of whom had no donbt had the gratification of witnessing his performances on the occasion of his last visit In the charming air, "Dove Sono"' from Mozart's opera "lie Nozze di Figaro," Mrs. Loder exhibited the distinguishing qualities of hes powerful vo'ce to advantage, the feelings which the piece is designed to express being well displayed In the succeeding piece adapted to the piano, Mr. EUard earned for himself an encore by Iris brilliant manipulation. His undoubted powers of execution, and his mastery over tbe piano were strikingly exemplified. Tbe performance was succeeded by a finely executed fantasia on the violin by Mr. R B. White, who played remarkably well throughout, the evening in the various pieces in which he had to take part. Indeed we have never heard him to greater advantage, and his progress was particularly marked. A concerted piece, in> which he played on the piano, was heartily redemanded. A melange of musical aire played by Miss Ellard, who was stated to be only nine years of age, was a marvellous display of precocity. The precision of time, and manipula tion she exhibited, redounded highly to the credit, of Mr. EUard, her musical preceptor. The delicate appreciation on her part of the sentiment sought to be conveyed in the music also showed inborn, genius. Mr. Ellard came forward in several vocal pieces, in which he displayed tbe high quality of his voice, a tenor of considerable range and power. A duet, in A flat major, from " La Traviata," by Mrs. Loder andMr. Ellard, was a superior perform ance, the more impassioned parts being powerfully wrought out. Mrs. Loderis flexibility of voice was prominently shown in the plaintive melody " Why do I Weep for Thee," and the " Last Rose of Summer." Theenteitainmentclosed at half-past 10 o'clock. We understand Mr. Ellard intends re maining in Adelaide. Murray and Darling Railway.—An offer has. been made byh moneyed party to raise the money for making the first section of this proposed line, viz, from Echuca to Deniliquin, on most advan tageous terms, provided the Committee at DenUt quiu can get from the Government of New South. Wales the guarantee of C per cent, and the neces sary land for making the line. There is a prospect of a railway being formed to the Datling from Echuca in a short space of time, much shorter, in fact than we contemplated.—Pastoral Times. Mail Signalling, Melbourne.—The Argus of April Li says:—"We learn from the Post-Office authorities that when the branch mail steamer arrives at Adelaide; a red flag, with the letter A in white, wfll be hoisted on the flagstaff at the new General Post-Office. When the mail steamer arrives off Cape Otway a white flag will be hoisted,, with the letters C O in red. When the mail steamer arrives at the Heads a blue flag will ber hoisted, with the letter H in white. When the mail is ready for delivery a red pendant will be the: signal. The arrangements for signalling the arrival of the mail during the night are not yet completed." Prison Labour. — The Mount Gambler Standard publishes, for general information, that the labour of the prisoners in the local gaol is available to tbe public under certain restrictions. Tbe keeper of the gaol is authorised to deal witb any person applying to him to have any work per formed by the prisoners within the precincts of the gaol. It is suggested that the farmers could employ them mending cornsacks. Strathalbtn and Middleton Tramway.— With reference to a paragraph in our issue of the 13th instant stating that a fine bridge on the new line of tramway near the Finniss had fallen down, we are requested by Mr. MacNamee, the con tractor, to state that the accident referred to happened to a simple culvert under one portion of; the line, and that all the damage was repaired within a week, at a cost of under jCCO. Spring Creek Mining Company.—A special meeting of the shareholders of this Company was held at their office. Temple-chambers, on Tuesday, April 23. Twelve persons were present; and Mr. G. Young occupied the chair. A special report from Captain Bryant was read, aud after being con sidered, it was unanimously resolved that a call of 2s. Cd. per share be made. It was suggested that it would be desirable for two or three of the shareholders to visit the mine and report upon it; a course which will most likely be taken. Porter at the Institute —Mr. W. Hall, ses sional attendant of the Legislative Council, has been appointed potter and officekeeper at the South Australian Institute. Six applicants had been selected by the Board from the 55 that had applied, aud had a personal interview with the Board on Wednesday afternoon. The Secre tary was directed by the Board to intimate to tlieni that the Board regarded them as all well qualified for the post, and only regretted that men so veil recommended should be in need of employment. We are desired to mention that applicants who have sent in testimonials can obtain them ou application to the Librarian. The Wallaroo Coal Heap.—The smouldering coal heap hurst into flame early on Tuesday morning, and about 6ix o clock an unusual ringing of the hell announced to the workmen that their presence was requited. The fire was soon checked, and gangs of labourers were bustly employed the whole day in removing the coal on either side of the burnirg part by means of truck', dobbins, and wheelbarrows. It is hoped that in a few days com munication between the sound and tbe burning portion of the heap will be revered, and that the damage will not prove to be very considerable. There is, however, little doubt that several hun dreds ef tons have been for a fortnight at least in, a state of slow combustion.—Wallaroo Times. • The Governor.—His Excellency has been suf fering for some days from a rather sharp attack of his old enemy the gout. We are glad to say Sir Dominick was decidedly better on Thursday. The Ministry.—We understand overtures were made on Thursday to Mr. Andrews, Q.C., to join the Ministry as Attorney-General, which that gentleman declined. We believe nothing further was done to fill up the vacant office. Several improbable rumours were afloat during the day, Which it is unnecessary to mention. The North.—The news from the Norlh this week is partly favourable and partly otherwise. Mr. Price has favoured us with the following extracts from letters received by him. The first is dated Willipa, April 20th:—"There has been no rain to the east oi the ranges. There has been plenty at Angorichina, Aroona, Wilpena, War cowie, and Yednalue; none at Willipa, Hollo welena, or Mattwarangala. We will give it another week or two, aud then look out for a piece of soft rope." The second is dated Wilpena, April 22— "I am sorry to say that hardly any rain fell outside of Perywalia, 15 miles east of the range, and scarcely any at Nob. It certainly is a bad job, for the feed was springing very nicely. If we get a few showers about Willcola there would be some feed for the lambs. I Eee by the papers that trie heavy fall of rain took place in town at the same time as it rained up here, so that nearly alitkc changes have taken place alrout the same time. It this continues, we shall possibly liave a good season." The next extract is from a letter dated Mount Deception, April 20, kindly sup plied us by Mr. J. H. Browne:—"Last Sunday's rain extended as far north as here, and a little higher up to the north-west: but at Lee's Creek there was none at alL Mr. Perkins, the overseer at Lee's Creek, says:—"I hear from the overseer at Mundoradna that he is going to close his station,, and then ail the country will be abandoned between here and the Strangways." Another letter dated fiom Mount Deception, April IP, states, " We have bad a nice rain here. It com menced on the night of the 14th, and continued until the afternoon of the 15th." A letter from the Far North, dated April 19, says, "A beautiful rain fell about the Blinmau aud Moolooloo last Monday and Tuesday, and the grass is already springing up in many places." From Umberatana, under date April 19, letters state that there was no foundation for the report of heavy rains having fallen in the neighbourhood. We had a few light showers on the fitli, but scarcely enough to lay the dust." A Blinmau correspondent writes, under date 4th instant:—"We had some splendid rains between Mount Bemarkable and the Blinman on the 14th and 15th. They did not extend beyond Angorigina." Another writing from Alattawariungalla on the 20th April says:—" I saw in your issue of last week ] that Tom Sheridan (one of tbe Northern Mail- / guards) bad reported heavy rains in the North. I am sorry to say that Mattawarmngalla, Holowiliena, or Willipa have not been favoured with any." Port Wakefield Railway.—The first sod of . this railway will be turned on the 8th May by His Excellency the Governor. A considerable party will accompany Sir Dominick, including the Ministry, the members for the district, and other gentlemen. They will proceed by water from Port Adelaide, and return after the ceremony is over in the same way. We believe a dinner at the Port Wakefield Hotel will constitute an important part cf the proceedings. Homeopathic Charitable Dispensary.—A meeting of influential gentlemen took place at the Homoeopathic Consulting Rooms on Thursday evening, April 25. the Hon. Thomas Magarey in the chair, when it was resolved to establish a dispensary for the purpose of affording gratuitous medical assistance to such persons as are not in a position to pay for it. Doctors Wheeler and Campbell have undertaken to give advice free on two evenings per week, on condition that the cost of medicines and necessary attendant expenses are defrayed by the public. A series of resolutions was agreed to with a view of carrying out that object, an account of which will be found in another column. Football.—A meeting of persons interested in football was held at Kindermann's Coffee Rooms on Thursday evening, Mr. J. F. Conigrave in the chair; and a good number being present, a Com mittee was formed consisting of Messrs. T. Horn, G. O'Halloran, aud T. Linklater; H. Sparks, Trea surer; and C. Cornish, Secretary; and it was re solved to play the opening game on Saturday next. Good Rifle Score.—Whilst at private practice at the Butts, on the South Park Lands, on Thurs day afternoon, April 25, a member of the old Volunteer Force made, in five rounds, at each distance, with a Whitworth rifle, 17, 18, and 19 points, at 400, 500, and 600 yards respectively, hitting, as is evident, at each shot. Mr. Abhes Beaumont.—" We are glad to observe that Mr. Lyster is about to organize a concert on a very grand scale in the new Exhibition-building, for the benefit of Mr. Armes Beaumont, whose professional career has been stopped almost at its commencement by the lamentable accident which lately occurred to him. The oilers of assistance Mr. Lyster has received are most numerous and generous, aDd there can scarcely be a doubt that the benefit will be a substantial one, as it should be. There will be no deductions of any sort, and the entire proceeds will be handed to Mr. Beaumont." —Argus. The Botanic Gardens.—The Director of the Melbourne Botanic Gardens acknowledges in the Argus, among other contributions, the Wardian cases with plauts, from Dr. Schomburgk; and a collection of Northern Territory seeds, from M J. McKinlay. Bible Christian Chapel Anniversary, Wm-. lunga.—The anniversary of the Bible Christian Chapel, Wiliunga, was held on tbe 14th and 15th instant. Three sermons were preached on the Sunday by the Kev. Joshua Foster, the newly appointed pastor to the Circuit, to large and atten tive congregations. A pub'ic tea was provided in the chapel the following day. when a goodly com pany of the congregation, society, and friends from other Churches, sat down to partake of the good things provided, to which ample j istice was done. Afterwards there was a public meeting, presided over by Mr. Pointon, a member of the We Cesleyan Church, and audressedby the Revs. Best, Wiltshire, Foster, and W. Best. Several interesting pieces were sung during the evening, which gave con siderable life and interest to the meeting. The financial report was of a satisfactory character. The usual votes of thanks brought the meeting to a close. St. Matthew's Sunday-School, Kensington. —On Wednesday, the 24th instant, the annual treat was given to tbe cliildren attending tlie above . school. They assembled at tbe church at 1 o'clock, when Evening Prayer was said by the Rev. E. Jenkins. Incumlient. On the conclusion of the service the children, accompanied by their teachers, proceeded to a beautiful section not far from the church, kiadly lent far the occasion by Mr. Eeid, where the usual games were entered into with much spirit. At 4 o'clock the children, to the number of 13(1, were liberally supplied with tea, cake, and fruit, &c.; Tables were spread under the shadow of the beautiful tree with wliich the section abounds, for the teachers and members of the congrega' ion, a large number of whom were present. The Revs. G. Dove and R. Eeid visited the ground during the afternoon, aud appeared to be much gratified. After a most pleasant day the party dispersed at dusk. Maclaben Flat Primitive Methodist Chapel. —The anniversary of this Chapel was celebrated on Sunday, April 2L, when tbe Rev. W. Wiltshire <newly-appoin!ed to this, the Wiliunga Gtation), delivered three very suitable sermons to numerous congregations. On the following day a public tea was prepared by the ladies, which was well Tiatronized by members of various sections of tbe church. A public meeting in the evening was attended by a crowded audience, and presided over by Mr. J oseph Warner. The chapel report having been read by Mr. Middlcbrnok, warm and very interesting addresses were delivered by Mrs. Mid dlebrook, Air. Hopkins, and the Rev. Mr. Burgess, Wesleyans, and the Bey. W. Wiltshire. The pro ceeds of the services and tea amounted to about j£25l A vote of thanks was proposed to tbe ladies, ministers, and chairman, aud tbe meeting closed. Eybe's Fiat.—The anniversary of tlie Bible Christian Chapel, Eyre's Flat, was held on the 21st and 22nd instant. On the Sunday three im pressive sermons were preached by tbe Rev. Joshua Foster to very large congregations. A public tea ■was provided by the ladies and bachelors of the congregation on the following day, which was attended by a large number of the congregation and settlers of the neighbourhood. This was fol lowed by a public meeting, presided over by Mr. William Hooper, jun., from Sea View, and ad dressed by tiieRevs. Best, Foster, and Air. Paynter. Several nice pieces were sung during tbe evening of an appropriate character, which gave consider able interest to the service. The usual votes of thanks, Ac., brought the very interesting anni versary to a close. Maclaben Flat.—Tbe anniversary of the Bible Christian Sabbath School, Alaclaren Flat, was held on the 21st and 23rd inst. Two services were con ducted on the Sunday by the Bev. T. Best: a large number of pieces were recited bv the children, and likewise several pieces of an interesting character •were sung by the teachers and children on the occasion. On the following Tuesday the children had their annual treat of tea. cake, &c..; which was followed by a public tea, after which a public meeting, which was adnressed by the Revs. Foster and Best, and Air. Benny (Wesleyanh Pieces were recited and sung by the teachers and children alternately through the meeting. The usual votes of thanks brought the meeting to a close. The lively interest manifested by the friends generally in these anniversaries isof an encouraging character indeed. Bowden.—The anniversary of the Bible Chris tian Sunday School, Bowden, was celebrated on Faster Sunday and Afonday. On Sunday there were three services, that in the morning conducted by the Rev. J. Way; and those in the afternoon and evening by tbe Rev. J. Stoyel, the newly appointed ministers to this (Adelaide) Circuit The chapel was well filled afternoon and evening. The recitations and exercises liy the children were well rendered, and tbe services through the day highly satisfactory. On Monday the children had their annual treat, followed by a public tea, to which a much larger company than was expected sat down, and appeared thoroughly tc enjoy themselves. The meeting after was also numerously attended. The Rev. J. »ay occupied the chair, and very pleasantly and efficiently conducted the service. The annual report was presented and ad rpted, and humorous, instructive, and stirring addrts=es, relating to the important nature and efficient working of the Sunday-School were delivered by Messrs. Gross man, and Fellew. the Kev. S. L. Harris, and the Rev. J. StsyeL Votes of thanks to the ladies, the choir, the Chairman. Aic., were passed, and a very pleasant and successful anniversary was closed with the benediction. The Orphan Home.—We nnderstand that tbe collection in Passion Week at SL Peter's, Glenelg, in aid of the Orphan Home, amounted to £i 2b. 3d. 