CORRECTIVES OF COMPARATIVE MAJORITIES. In returning to the principle of compara tive majorities wc hasten in the first place to assure our Conservative readers that we have nothing to say against it on the score | of venerability. We admit that it is among j the most venerable of legislative principles. But, as usual, we do injustice to our worthy , ancestors in assuming that its defects have been left for the present generation of poli ticians to discover. The second important community which adopted it was obliged to place it under corrective restraint. The pugnacious burghers of Rome started on the comparative-majority principle, and made a more thorough-going application of it than any succeeding set of legislators until we come to the 1'ilgrim Fathers of New Eng land. The first Roman Parliament, known as the (' i.itiihi ('uriaia, consisted of all the citizens—"of good standing," as the Fenians say—divided into thirty classes or curi e, \Yhen a question was being put to the vote each tribe was first polled separately by its own officers, and the voice of the majority was taken for the voice of the whole curia. The balance was not struck between the cur'ff as in modern elections, but they were ealied on in a prescribed order, and as soon as sixteen of them proved unanimous their veriliot was again taken for that of the whole. In practice the elections were generally decided by the first i sixteen curl-c (that i3, a majority of one out ! of thirty). The condition of precedence I would of course be respectability, and the consequence a virtual disfranchisement of all nnn-respectables. But there was a stronger : sense of justice and logic in those Roman ' Democrats than the moderns appear to have. Before the seven-liill eJ city was out of its infancy a new Assembly was constituted, which, wkilc securing to the respectable their precedence, made them pay for it, muck to the pecuniary benefit of the unprivileged. The Comitia Centuriaia was based on the principle that taxation and representation should be proportioned to each other. It was the representative of property, in short—but of its duties, as well as of its rights. At the origin of the Centuriaia the citizens were divided into six classes, and the classes were subdivided into centuries. The latter term was not applied in its strict sense, for some centuries contained a great many more members than others, and the number was always varying in the case of one and the same century. The first and main discre pancy arose from the division being made according to property without regard to mere population. The first class included all citizens rated in the census as worth 100,000 pounds of brass, which quantum of metallic currency is supposed to have equalled in English currency £322 odd. In the second class were owners of from 75,000 to 100,000 pounds of brass; in the third from 50,000 to 75,000; in the fourth from 25,000 to 50,000 ; in the fifth from 12,500 to 25,000; and in the sixth all who had not brass enough to reach the minimum of 12,500 pounds. It was in the subdivision of the classes into centuries that the influence of brass had its effect. There were in all about 190 centuries, of which the first class counted ninety-eight, or a full half of the electoral power, though forming a fraction only of the population. The second, third, and fourth classes had twenty centuries each, the fifth thirty, and the sixth one. The proletarians were saved from absolute nonentity by being recognised as a dismal unit in the State. The first class, when all its centuries voted together, as they would be sure to do wherever a class interest was involved, could shut the mouth of all the lower classes. It would rarely be necessary to go below the second, and the third would be a final court of appeal in the most extreme cases. The Comitia Cvnturiata must have re sulted from a coup d'etat of the patricians; it made them to all intents and purposes the people, and carried out to its logical issue the newly-drawn inference that comparative majorities are a sham. The patricians saw that the principle of comparative majorities would, nine times out of ten, prove unfair; they persuaded and forced the plebeians to submit to the unfairness as a rule, and take compensation for it. This compensation consisted in the patricians subjecting them selves to military service and taxation in pro portion to their votes. If the first class enjoyed a full half of the administrative power, it also bore a full lialf of the x>ublie burdens. Such was the first corrective applied to the venerable mistake of comparative ma jorities. The example has been very slightly imitated by modern democracy, because, first, tbe scope of the suffrage has been radically changed—it is no longer taken en masse, but indirectly through delegates; and second, no modern nation has ventured so completely as the Romans did to gauge citizenship by property rather than by persons. In its origin the English Con stitution was deeply tainted with this ancient peculiarity ; it was a territorial constitution, which paid very little regard to personal citizenship. But the territorial spirit for two centuries has been dying out of it, and a democratic spirit lias succeeded. The territorial framework still remains, however, with one trifling change—that of 1832.. The England of the nineteenth century has nothing in common with the England of the fifteenth but an antiquated electoral system. The English Parliament of to-day legislates for a totally different population from that of four centuries back, yet the mode of returning it is substantially tbe same. Borough towns have decayed, but their ghosts retain the privilege of returning ' a member of Parliament ; cities have grown | up containing each as large a population as i that of all the old boroughs put together, but j at an election tbey are treated as dangerous intruders who ought to be satisfied with the crumbs from under the table. The yeoman | has disappeared before the tenant- farmer, hut, though dead, he still speaks through his i knight of the county, while the farmer looks . in vain for any true spokesman of his inte- j rests and opinions. The county squire has j become an insignificant being compared with the merchant prince, but the Parliamentary influence of bis class is almost as strong as ever. These historic absurdities derive their | vitality from tbe perpetuation of the old j electoral system. It is a territorial system, and fit only to operate under a territorial Government. See the geographical divisions of the electorate, how inconsistent they are with the personal rights of the electors; ! the poor, thinly-populated agricultural dis tricts having far more electoral power than i the crowded and wealthy seats of manu facture and commerce. But whatever excuse for themselves geographical constituencies may find in history, they are essentially in consistent with fair representation. They do not simply endanger it; they render it in nine cases out of ten an impossibility. The English, while in the turmoil of an election, do not speak as a people, or a nation, but a8 an aggregation of boroughs and counties. It is conceivable that they might be equally divided in opinion, and yet through a suitable arrangement of the electoral districts one side carry all but two or three of tbe elections. The English electoral system of the present day has all the injustice of the Comitia Centuriaia | of more than twenty centuries ago, hut without the compensating principle j of the latter. As we showed before, about 7 per cent, of the adult male population j is really represented in Parliament. This 7 per cent, of effective voters do not, how- j ever, have their taxation proportioned to i their representation. The taxes fall on the I community at large—on the just and on the unjust, on the privileged and on the non privileged. Taxes are the ouly genuine ap- i plication of universal suffrage that lias yet been achieved. If we take a general view of tbe dilemma in which English statesmen are at present placed, we shall be better able to understand their perplexity regarding tbe desired Reform BilL To do something is impera tive; but bow is that to be done without ' running the risk of serious consequences? Universal suffrage, or even household suffrage, combined with geographical con stituencies and comparative majorities, would he positive anarchy, and it might lead to violent chaos. There are only two ways of escape—to make the suffrage of the lower classes merely nominal, as the Romans did in their Comitia Centuriaia,; or to abolish the geographical constituencies, and abandon the delusive principle of comparative majorities. The Roman remedy is not likely to find advocates in England, for the generality of those who desire the franchise there would scorn to accept in stead the pecuniary bribe of the Roman plebeians, and it is questionable if English patricians would pay even so small a price as exclusive liability to taxation for a privilege which they feel to he unjust. Property is becoming every day less likely to lie made the sole standard of citizenship. Modern democracy admits that citizenship should be personal, though it hesitates to make it so in fact. It has revolutionized the spirit and the objects of civil govern ment, but it is loth to alter a single screw > in the ancient machinery. Colonial Wines at the Agricultceal Shows.—It seems that the wines at the Gawler Show, instead of being in the least like those at Stratha'bvn and Willunga, were so good that the Judges had to remark specially upon their excellence. Unfor tunately, however, the report containing those remarks was mislaid after it had been delivered at our office, and was therefore not embodied with the rest of the published pro ceedings. The Judges were Messrs. Nol tenius, R. J. Turner, and W. Everard, M.P. They tried 45 samples of vine, and they found them exceedingly good. The white wine that took the first prize, in fact, was the prize wiue at the Victorian Exhibition— a circumstance of which the Judges were of course ignorant until after they had given their decision. Drawback on Jams.—We are surprised to find that the Customs authorities have not yet got their regulations ready for allowing drawback on jams. The Act has now been ill force for many months, but for waut of regulations no drawback is yet allowed. This is a great inconvenience to people in the trade, and they reasonably complain that a measure of relief granted by the Legislature should be made meliorative by delays at the Custom-Housc. We understand that the regulations are now, in official parlance, before the Collector for review. But the Collector has been abseut for some time, and will not be at his post again just yet. It is the old story, we suppose, of the Marine Board duties clashing with the duties of the Custom-House. 