TUESDAY, APRIL 9, 1867. THE PROTECTION MOVEMENT. [COMMUNICATED.] AT A PERIOD of our history when every interest is drooping, when the prosperity which had attended us for a considerable time is a tiling of the past, it is not, perhaps, surjirising tliat efforts should be made to alleviate our position, and if possible restore to the community that measure of success wliich for the time being lias departed from amongst us. It would be futile to deny that this is the case ; look where we will the evidences are clear to the meanest capacity. The agri cultural, the pastoral, the mining in terests are all at ebb tide ; the revenue is said to be falling, money is scarce, trade is dull, employment difficult; to obtain, aud general depression is the prevailing characteristic of the present moment. i Doubtless various causes have cou- j tributed to bring about this state of tilings, and cliietly those which from their nature were unavoidable ; and in so far a3 this was the case we may feel regret, but it is of that kind which is the neces sary consequence of misfortune, rather tlian the remorse which follows from the conviction of wilful errors. It would be too much to assert tliat we are, as a community, wholly free from blame; a state of prosperity is uot without | its dangers. Extravagant habits, and a reckless system of obtaining aud gix-ing credit, liave been earned to an extent — almost beyond the verge of honesty, and are now producing their natural fruit; and it may be we shall have reason to be grateful for our experience, if it teach us to avoid, for the future, the rock ou wliich we have struck, and which threatens to engulf us in the waters of adversity. We say then, that it is not surprising that efforts should be made to bring about a change for the better ; and while we are perfectly willing to listen to those who think they have discovered the remedy, we cannot but believe that the present movement in favor of protection is in direct opposition to improvement. One of the most plausible arguments used iv favor of protection is, that b3 r keeping our money in the country it would be available for circulation amongst the people, instead of being sent away to beuelit others. Now, the answer to this is, that we send the uiouey for something that we require, as being of more service to us than the inouey itself would be if retained. We extend its power for good, instead of limiting it; mother words, its value is increased; in proportion to the value we obtain in exchange for it, aud whether we buy what we want on the spot, or whether we purchase elsewhere from those who are able to supply us, is immaterial so long as we get the highest value for our money. But the advocates of protection say—No. They contend that an article of home manufacture is better in the end for both parties ; that native industries can only in this way be established, and that in order to ensure their success, they must be relieved from the baneful influence of foreign competi tion. They will not go so far as to assert that their system is permanently neces sary. They admit that its purpose is a temporary one, and that wheu once that purpose is served the system itself will cease to operate. But supposing all this were capable of proof (which we contend it is not) they ignore the most important fact, that the immediate effect of protection is to raise the price of any given article, and as a necessary consequence to restrict the purchasing power of the consumers. In support of this we need only refer to the iniquitous tax lately put upon bread by the Victorian Legislature, the imme diate effect of which was an increase of Id. in the price of the 4-lb. loaf, and this, too, wheu the leading journal of the protectionist party was saying—" How to deal with our poor is a question winch presses itself upon us with increasing urgency. Can we continue safely to rely upon voluntary benevolence, or must we resort to a poor-law ?" At the same time the Victorians are boasting of being able to supply their own wants in the matter of breadstufls! The ghost of Ebenezer Eliot seems to haunt us as we write. Let us commend to the notice of our ueighbors—only for the sake of their poor—a few lines of the Rhymer, written some 40 years ago— " Make haste, slow rogues, prohibit trade, Prohibit honest gain, Tarn all the good that God hath made To fear, and hate, and pain; Till beggars all, assassins all, All cannibals we be, And death shall have no funeral From shipless sea to sea." Leaving, however, the Victoriaus to their folly, we turn again to the question —What benefit are we to derive from pro tection i " Increase of population," an swer its advocates, who tell us that labor would be iv such demand, and wages so liberally paid, that people would volun tarily flock here, that our food producers would find an increasing market, and that they would thus obtain advanced prices instead of being compelled to sell at rates that hardly enable them to live. Now to this it may safely be replied that the first requisite to attract population, and especially voluntary popula tion, would be wanting, uaniely, cheap means of subsistence. Whatever | other advantages a colony may possess, iiotliing will compensate for the absence of this. To induce population to come here freely, it is of the first importance that the cost of living should be inexpen sive, and as a protective policy would render this impossible, there is little to hope for from the anticipated increase in the number of consumers. Again, it is alleged that free trade has been tried aud found wanting, aud that it is not simply a question of whether pro tection is an advantage in itself, but whether the latter is not more beneficial of the two. Now to this we entirely demur. Free trade has never been tried iv this province, although had we been possessed of either the courage or public spirit to make the attempt we have been in a highly favorable posi- I tion for the experiment; but we let I tile opportunity slip through our angers, and, like all lost opportunities, it will not readily return. It is true the ad valorem duties were abolished for a time, but they were restored for the express purpose of increasing the revenue, and not from the belief that they would be otherwise profit able ; and even these duties have always 1 been partial in their application, and | obstructive as well as injurious to trade. Moreover, like all taxes on consumable commodities, they take much more out of the pockets of individuals than they put into that of the Government. The importer must pay all these taxes in the first instance, aud he expects to be repaid with a profit. But it is said that protection is to benefit the working classes, in which we ought to include not ouly those who are to be em ployed iv the manufacture of certain articles of general consumption, but all those who have, in fact, to earn their living by their labor, uo matter what tliat labor may be. Well, if b3 r in creasing the cost of nearly eveiy article that is necessary for the maintenance and comfort of a man's family, he will derive a. benefit—it would appear that the [pro tectionists are correct; but until we are satisfied that such a cliange is desirable, we must withhold our assent from such opinions ; indeed, we are couviuced that a change from cheapness to deafness would press most heavily on the largest class of the community. But there is a still stronger objection to urge against the notion that protection is to be the panacea for all the ills from which we sufl'er. It assumes tltat the Legislature is called upon to control par ticular branches of trade and methods of conducting business, a doctrine that lias been exploded ever since the days of Adam Smith, and is alike inapplicable to all communities, whether in their infancy or mauhood. If the teachings of liistory are of any value—if the experience of the past is worthy of consideration—they both alike tell us plainly that legislative inter ference iv all matters connected with trade or industry lias a chilling and blighting tendency, and tliat they are never so prosperous as when left to run in then- natural course free from arbitrary interference and artificial support. We : conclude our remarks for the present j with au extract from a speech delivered so far back as April, 182?, by Mr. Poulett Thomson, on the state of the silk trade, and we commend his words to the attention of our protectionist readers. They are as true now as they were when they were first uttered, and as applicable to South Australia as they were to England, aud not less so when applied to any other branch of trade than tliat wliich called forth their (ii-st expression. He said, " I maintain, without fear of con tradiction, that the very essence of com mercial and manufacturing industry is freedom from legislative interference and legislative protection. Attempt to assist its course by legislative enactments, by fostering care, you arrest its progress, you destroy its vigor. Unbind the shackles in which your unwise tenderness has con fined it, permit it to take unrestrained its own course, expose it to the whole some breezes of competition, you sjive it new life, you restore its former vigor. * * * ■*■ i n one single word lies the soul of iudustry — competition. The answer of the statesman and economist to his sovereign's enquiring what he could do to assist the industry of his kingdom was, ' Let it take ita oiru way.' Such (said. Mr. Thomson) is my prayer. Relieve us from the chains in wliich your indiscreet tenderness has shackled us ; remove your oppressive protection ; give us the fair field we ask, and we demand no more." 