THE WEEKS NEWS. The Moonta Mines.—We believe the Govern ment have replied to the memorials addressed to them by some of the holders of the mines, to the effect that the Government c nnot interfere, and that the decision oi the question must be left to the Courts of .Law. The North.— A letter dated May 9, from a station some distance beyond the Blinman, says: —" We have cold winds at nights, but the days are warm. Not the slightest signs of rain." .Letters from Lake Hope, May 8, and Umberatana, May 1<>, say there has been no rain. From Paratoo, May 14, IS hours of beautiful light rain is reported, which has soaked into the ground. A Scotch mist was falling at intervals, wnich ap peared to come from the direction of the rain that is, the east. Government Appointments.—We understand the Government have no intention at the present time of appointing an Inspector of Mines or a Deputy Protector of Aborigines. It is felt that there is no pressing necessity forthesrofficer.-s and the state of the public finances renders it undesir able to multiply offices. Grocers' assistants* Association. — The annual meeting of the Grocers' Assistants* Asso ciation w as held at the Norfolk Arms, Bundle street, on Tuesday evening, 14tli instant; Mr. Stanford in the chair. The Treasurer gave in a very satisfactory report for the past year, having a small balance in hand. A Committee was appointed to act with the present one to make arrangements for a dinner nest montlh Mr. Hanton and Mr. Everett were re- elected Treasurer and Secretary, and a Committee was appoiuted for the ensuing year. Votes of thanks to the Treasurer, Secretary, and Committee, for their services during the past year, and to the Chairman, closed the proceedings. J: MIGRATION FLIOM SOUTH AUSTRALIA.—The Argus of May 7 says: — "Seventeen wagons, loaded wall passengers (Germans) and goods for the Albury district, passed through Deuilijuin last week from South Australia." The Bailiff and Her Majesty's Maiis.— On Tuesday the bailiff of the Local Court, Moonta, on the arrival of the Adelaide mail, made.aseizuie of the h arses used in its conveyance. The Post master succeeded in engaging a party to carry on the mails the following morning, hut the perscn refused to take them again on Thursday, therefore no mail was sent to town.— Wallaroo Times. SURVEY FROM FOWLER'S BAY WESTWARD.— We lake the following extract from an English paper. A friend of Mr. Delisser in Adelaide, whe is acquainted with his movements, vouches fo- the accuia y of tire statements contained in the para graph. Mr. Delisser has been for a long time exploring and surveying for our Government, and we are informed he has found a beautiful country ami good water:-"Lieutenant Delisser. late of ILli.'s "alii Highlanders, and uroie recently Captain and Adjutant of the first South Australian Volunteer Force, has lalety succeeded (as we learn from an Australian contemporary) in surveying liue for the Government of South Australia from Fowlers Bay to the western boundary of the colony, havtur penetrated about 60 miles into Western Australia. By the accomplishment of this arduous undertaking, our overland commur.i cati- it, which has keen hitherto impossible, now unites the sister colonics from the head of the Great Bight to Western Australia, a distance of 1;U miles, where there is not a drop of surface water to be found. Lieutenant Delisser has suc ceeded in completing this hiizotdous exploration,' chained ev»ry inch, and planted at each mile a post." Volunteer Review.—The arrangements for the volunteer review on Friday nex*, the Queen's Birthday, are very neatly completed, and from what we learn it promises to be an imposing affair. The force will consist of all the infantry companies, including these of Gawler and Ka punda; three troops of cavalry, viz., the Adelaide, the Strathalbyu and Milang, and the Goolwa, under the command of Major Riggius; the lt«ibe Troop being absent: and two batteries of artillery, one of six and one of four gunB, commanded by Captain Matthews and Captain Quuin. JThe whole brigade will be commanded by Culonel Biggs. The Goolwa Troop of Cavalry under the command of Major Higgins. and the Ali.ang Troop under the command of Captain Rankine, will arrive in Ade laide on the 22ud, and with the Adelaide Troop wil] have a full day's drill on the 23rd. The whole force w ill assemble on parade on Friday in front of tire Armoury at 20 minutes past 12, so as to allow officers to pay their respects to His Excel lency at the levee. At 1 o'clock tl:cy will he on the North Park Lauds, where the review will take place. At 5 o'clock the non-commissioned officers and men will dine in the Exhibition Building; and the clficers will dine together the same evening. On the following day (iaturday) the shooting for the Government prizes w ill take place at the Butts, beginning at 8 o'clock. The four last shots in each troop and company will compete. The first prize is XdU, the second-jCD, and the third £25. 'J he firing will he 10 rounds each at 300, 700, and StIO yards, and nearly 40 ineu will enter the lists. This review will, it is expected, be the best which has taken plage in Adelaide. There is a large body of cavalry and artillery, and the infantry, though not so large as on former occasions, ought, owing to their being well up in their drill, to go through the evolution^ with precision. Should the weather prove favourable the review will prove a fine sight. The Governor's Offices.—The offices which have been prepared for the accommodation of His Excellency are now finished. The old Land Office at the north end of the Government buildings has been appropriated to this purpose. The Governor's own office is a spacious room, elegantly decorated and furnished, and is a wonderful improvement on the old dingy den which he formerly occupied There is also a room for the meetings of the Executive Council, which is oidinarily occupied bj Idr. Deering, and one for the Friva'.e Secretary. There is an air of elegance and comfort about th whole which does credit to the furnishers, Messrs Mayfieid & Son. The River Trade.—We are glad to learn that the Treasurer received a telegram on Friuay from the New South Wales Government, which is of a very pleasant and satisfactory character. They sug gest that Ibis Government should nominate certain gentlemen whom they will appoiut as officers of ( ustcms, and whose branding of goods at the ports of departure will be sufficient to pass them into New South Wales. We believe the Government will nominate their own Customs officers at the several ports. Thus a vexatious interruption of trade will be easily got over. The Goods Contract.—We understand that the Pate sou & Co. who have obtained the goods contract are represented in Melbourne by Mr. Patcrson, a gentleman connected with the Argus, and in this colony by Mr. P. B. Fox, who left for Melbourne on Thursday. Electoral District of Mount Barker.—A Court of Revision was held at Strathalbyn on May 16:li by the presiding officer, Mr. Jno. Hind niarsh. Legislative Council—Added to the roll, 13; struck ill" the roll, 4 (dead); transfers, none. House of Assembly—Struck off the roll, 27 (dead); added to the roll, 11; transfer, L New Masonic Hall, I.C.—Tire members of the Craft will no doubt he pleased to learn that the Committee for erecting the new Hall have so far succeeded that the front portion of the building is trow ready for use, and that the ceremony of con secration will take place next week. We hear that invitations have been issued to the Provinc:al Grand Masteis, the Chaplains, and Worshipful Masters of the sister Constitutions for the cere prony. The large room or Hall will not be finished for six months, but as many of the craft as can be accommodated in the present space will of course be heartily welcome. Weslevan Chapel, Onetree Hill. — The foundation-stone of this chapel was laid on Monday, the 13th inst. On fcunday, the 12th. two appropriate Ecnuons were preached to large congregations in the open air. In the afternoon Mr. Thos. J. Mankey officiated, and in the evening Mr. K. Barratt. On Monday most of the inhabi tants of the neighbourhood, with many friends from Gawler and Salisbury, assembled on the chapel site to witness the ceremony of laying the foundation-stone, which was dJy and efficiently per/ortned by Mr. William Kelly, of Gould's Creek. Air. Kelly also delivered a short but truly catholic speech, congratulating the residents at Onetree Hill upon the promise of increased religious privi leges. The Bey. Thos. Llp.vfl delivered an address, commenting upon the doptrines which would he preached and the services which would be con ducted in the building about to be erected. The company adjourned to a spacious tent, in which the ladies had prepared a sumptuous tea. At the public meeting the chair was taken by AD. Kelly; Aliss, Allen presided at the harmonium. The Chairman then caiitd upon Afr. J. Jones, who de livered a very able speech. Air. Mankey followed with an interesting address upon the duly and ad vantage of erecting places of religious worship. Mr. Lloyd afterwards delivered a speech upon the moralizing and spiritualizing influence of the Gospel of Christ. A vote of thanks to the ladies for the tea which they had provided was very pleasingly proposed by Air. Cole, and seconded by Air. P. Guy, and unanimously carried. AD. Lloyd proposed, and Mr. Kelly (schoolmaster of Ulty School) seconded, a vote of thauks to the Chair man, to ALiss Alien for presiding at the harmo nium, and to Mr. Gaylard for kindly leuding the instiument. Carried by acclamation. Great praise is due to the Trustees and friends for their arduous lalmurs in erecting the tent, andiu seeking to make all happy and comfortable on the occasion To crown fl;e whole. Airs. Kelly and Afrs. Gaylard provided a most elegant supper.—Correspondent. Mitcham Bible C'ubistiaij Anniversary.— The anniversary of the Bible Christian Chapel here was held on Sunday and Alonday, Alar l£th and 13th. On Suuday morning a sermon was preached by the Kev. J. Way, of Adelaide, and othaps in the afternoon and evening by the Rev. J. Stove], of Brampton. The attendance was good liliil t.hp rnllrirliiiD lilipml <lt« +!*.> t.!U : and the collcdiou liberal. Uu the following; <lay tjie annual tea vas held. The tables were gra tuitously and bountifully supplied by the ladies of the Church, and were patronised by a numerous and respectable company. A public meeting fol lowed, when Mr. Gould, of Bowden, was unani mously voted to the chair. The Kev. J. Athlon read the financial statement for the year, which showed that after meeting current expenses a tenth part of the debt on the premises had been paid. The meeting was subsequently addressed by Messrs. Holland and Ford, and by tile Revs. J. Askton, J. Stoyel, and J. Way. A vote of thanks was presented to the ladies, the Chairman, aud the gingers. The total proceeds were £2L—Corre spmdeiii, Q J ken s BibthoaY.—The Drapers1 and Grocers1 [ Association of Gawler advertise that all the drapery, grocery, and ironmongery stores in Gawier will be closed on the Queen's Birthday. Central Road Board.—A special meeting of the Central Koad Board was held on Wednesday, May 15, for the purpose of considering the letting of the toii-bare on the Port-road. There weie present—Messrs. A. Hallett. J.F. (Chairman), W. Eveiard, M.P., G. McEwio, J. p., li.8. Kelly j.P. H. K Btight, M.P., R. Baukine, J.P., and Vf j' Andrews (Secretary). buperinteuding Surveyor] Mr. aheppard. The Chairman read the provision in the first clause of the Act No. 10. of 1800, as to the necessity of notifying in the Government Gazette, at least one month previous to demanding tolls, all necessary particulars as to such tolls The Secretary explained that that had beeu done. The otter of Mr. J. T. Bee to farm the tolls for one or three years, or to collect them at both gates at the rate of 25 per cent, on the amount received up to £1.200 a year, and 15 per cent, beyond that amount, was then taken into con sideration. Some discussion took place, and it seemed to be the unanimous opinion .of the Board that it would lie advisable to farm the toils, but that it would be better at first to collect them for a few months, so that they could have some data to go upon. The loard determined to let the tolls from the 1st January next, and agreed meanwhile to accept the otter of Mr. Bee to collect the tolls for six months, from July I, providing he would consent to take W per cent, instead of 15 on all amounts above £1,200. These terms were eventually accepted by filr. Bee, who also intimated that he would place in the hands of the Board a guarantee through the South Australian Assurance Company for £250. With regard to the names of the tollDars. it was decided to name the one near the Theharton Bridge should be the Hind marsh Bar, and the other at Atherton the Poit Bar. It was also re solved that the 4th clause of the Act, providing for the imposition of penalties in certain cases of evasion, Ehould be printed in legible characters on mounted calico, and placed in a conspicuous place at each of the tollgates. Also that the provisions of the 5th clause should he carried out, namely, that on each tollbar or toll-house the names of the respective collectors and the tollbar should be painted in black l-. tters on a board with a white ground. The meeting then closed. Electoral District op onkaparinga.—A Court of Revision was held at Woodside on the loth; presiding officer. Mr. John Hindmareh. legislative Council—Added to the roll, iti; struck off the roll, 4; transfers, 23. House of Assembly— Added to the mli. Si; struck off the roll. 6'; transfers, 23. Bain in tub Nori^i-East.—A letter dated eetulpa, May 14, says: -*4 We are gettinsc a splendid rain. It began on Monday night about 7 o clock, and is still continuing now (3 o'clock p.m.), and looks likely to continue for some time. It was very badly wanted to make the feed spring for the lambs. There is a prospect now of a fair percentage and good lamls." Vintage Fete.—Mr. Thomas Hardy, the pro prietor of the well-known Baukside Vineyards, gave his annual vintage file to his workpeople on the 15th instant. After spending the afternoon in suitab.e amusements, between 50 and 6J of both sexes sat down to tea in the large room of the wmeliouse, after which dancing and music passed the hours quickly away till 3 o'clock Am., when the party ended a most pleasant evening by drinking " The Healtb of their Host and Hostess," and singing the National Anthem. Such gather ings tend to promote that good feeling between the employer and the employed which is always so much to be desired, especially in a young com munity like ours. The quantity of wiue made at Baukside this year is 20,UU) gallons, and we undei - stand the vintage in West Torrenu District gene rally is very large, and of excellent quality.— Correspondent. Illustrated Family Bible.-Mr. Fusse'.l has shown us a remarkably handsome Bible, profusely and gorgeously illustrated with coloured plates, many of them being copies from the old masters. The supurb work is published by Hagger, of Pater nos'.er-row, and the plates are engraved by Payne, of Liipsic and Dresden. The notes are by the t!ev. John Brown, and the whole is edited by the Rev. H. Philip, D.D. and M.D. The references, instead of being placed in the margin, as is usual, follow each verse, and are printed immediately below the text. There is a handsome family register bound up with the volume. The engrav ings are 67 in numt-er, and are such a6 to make a chili's heart leap within him, while they will afford the highest delight to persons more advanced. An advertisement in another column culis attention to this magnificent Bible, which, considering the manner in which it is got up, and the character of the engravings, is exceedingly cheap. A handsomer wedding present could hardly be given. Public Works Office.—The following tenders have been received at the Public Works Office: - For the construction of a jetty at Meningie, at the head ol Lake Albert:—No. 1. K. Nutt, £1636s. (accepted); No. 2, 0. A. Perry. £183; No. 3, W. itcdman and J. Shuter, £22114s. 8J.; No. 4, M Frith, £283; No. 5, W. McNamee, £297; No. 6 Sedunary, £324 3a t)J. Strathalbyn and Middleton Railway—Contract No. 12—For labour and materials required in the construction of the roadway platform of the Currency Creek viaduct: —No. 1. It. Kutt, £699 Is. (accepted); No. 2, C A. Perry, £912; No. 3. C. A. Schrueder, £950 No. 4. G. Sara & Sous. £1,125; No. 5, fiL Frith' <-1.200. For erecting clerk's room, Ac, Couil House, Angaston;—;No. 1, W. Nicholson, £195 (accepted); No. 2, J. Bidgway & J. Harris £190 15s.; No. 3, J. Nuttall & W. Train, £200 10s. 6<1 • No. 4, D. Savender A X. Hague, £212 5s. For alterations and additions at the Destitute Asvluin ■ No. 1, w. Baker, 15s. (accepted): A7o.~2L R Tram, £00 10s.: No. 3. W. Lines, £03; No. 4, j" \nderson, £05 10s.; No. 6, J. Turner. £6.8 14s • Vo. <5, Hill & Fisher, £74 IBs. SJ.: No. 7* Bradley & May. £75. Feuciug and sundry works at the Court-House, Wallaroo:—Nc. 1 G Tvlev £156 (ace. pted): No. 2, W. Hancock, £IC0: No t E. U. Bird, £163 7s.; No. 4, T. B. Heath, £16S m0-*5' vl" -£17S: f!< Anderson,' £L5, No. 7, C. DeGaiu, £17o 4s. For formin" plantations of gum and other trees round the boundaries of the site of the new Lunatic Asvium • -No. 1, A. Gottschalk £224 12s. 6d.; No. 2 w" Murray, £226 7s. 6d. (accepted); No. 3 W D M lgzeil, £245; No. 4, C. Smith, £4316s 8d Railway Traffic.—The traffic on the South Australian Railways for the week ended May 11 was:—Port Line—Passengers, 5,498; fares, £230 10s. 70.; goods, £415 17s. 7d. North Line—Pas sengers, 1.714; fares. £417 193. 7d.; goods £877 "i. I 'd. Total, £1,91116s. 7d. ' Miss Aitken at the Pobt.—On Wednesday evening, loth, the people of the Port were afforded an opportunity of witnessing the entertainment of Miss Aitken at the Town Hall, which was well filled. His Worship the Mayor (Mr. J. M. Sinclair) presided. The programme was varied, and included several of Miss Aitken's choicest pieces, the ren dering of which drew forth the repeated applause of her audience. The immense power possessed by this talented-lady completely rivetted the atten tion of her listeners, and almost breathless silence prevailed during the reading of " The iiaven" and the "May Queen." In "The Wonnerfu'Wean" and "The Charge of the Six Hundred" Miss Aitkeu readily responded to an encore. Every efiort was most successful, and every person present was ready to endorse all tl^t has been said respecting her wonderful talent. At the close of the programme Miss Aitken expressed her thanks for the kind reception which she had met with ■luring her visit to South Australia. It reminded her of home, and she assured her hearers that her ! visit would ever remain a green spot in her I memory. ; Closing of the South Australian Institute Library.—a notice will be found in another ! column stating that the Institute Library will be closed on and after Monday neift for the annual examination. Intimation of its re-opeping will be given by advertisement. Books will be received and issued under the priority regulations at the side door. Harvest Thanksgiving at Mtpoxga. —a correspondent says—" The Bible Christian Chapel was occupied on Thursday, the 9th inst., by a good number of people, invited to a harvest thanksgiving. At 4 p.m. they sat down to a tea provided by the inhabitants of the neighbourhood, and after all had partaken a public meeting Wss held, and addressed by ministers and others inte rested in t!ie subject. Mr. C. T. Uewett occupied the chair." Rohan Catholic Orphan Home. — T}fe Terr Rev. Vicar-General Smythe preached a sermon in the West-terrace Roman Catholic Chapel on Sun day last, in aid of the Orphan Home at Walker vilfe, after which a collection, amounting to the handsome sum of £4712s., was made. We under stand there are at present 3d orphans in the Home, and it is contemplated to add to the building as soon as possible, so that it may accommodate a larger number of children. Miss Briggs. sister to Mr. Briggs, the Dispenser qt the Hospital, has been appointed t6aclier at thp Home.' The Barrier Ranger.—Tlie IValiaroo Times •f May 11 says:—"Mr. George Saint, who with a party left this township for the Barrier Ranges returned last night thoroughly disgusted with his journey. He gives a most doleful account of the so-called diggings. Prior to his searching them, about 300 men, mostly Victorian diggers, had been there and left, having snnfc several holes without finding a particle of gold. filr. Saint and party sunk 19 holes about 10 feet in depth, with rotton slate bottom, and costeened a gully'right across, but without seeing a solitary speck of the precious metal. Where the largest number of holes had been sunk was ai the Lake station but the country had been prospected for miles around. Meat was with difficulty procured; sonic of the squatters would not sell at any price; others who Jl3(l no objection to sell charged 17s. for a scraggy tough old ewe, weighing from 25 to 30 pounds Under these disheartening circumstances, tiie party wisely resolved upon coming ' bock' again They met about 100 diggers on the" road, to whom tlici afforded what information they had acquired Some were induced to return, hut the majority went on, resolved to test by their own experience that the Barrier diggings are a gross humbug." Church of England.—By the Ornate, from London, another addition has been pjade to the Church of England clergymen selected by Bishop Short. The Rev. Henry Read, M A, St. Johus College, Cambridge, and his family, arrived all well after rather a protracted voyage from London. The Uaiiavay Goods Traffic Contract.— There were three tenders for the performance of the Bailway cartage service, viz., from Messrs. Hill , and <Jo., Mr. H. K. Fuller, and Messrs. Paterson ; and Co., of Victoria. The tender of Messrs. Pater- ' son & Co. has been accepted by the Government I for a term of three years. It specifies a great ' variety of rates for the different stations on the , railway lines as well as for special services; but i taking the returns of the prcseut traffic as a guide I to the totals, the difference.bctweeu the two lowest ] tenders appears to be abeut 7 per cent. Ester Flats AIine.— Mr. John Treviilian, farmer, of near Armagh, has resumed the working of the ruining property at Emu Flats, which once belonged i to the old Burra Company. In the section where ] he has commenced operations, a d of which he is the owner, the men employed by the Company had j made a number of drives, and some of these he is j now testing more thoroughly with the assistance of one or two men. In one instance, in a drive m j the hill side, he has cut a lode about eight inches thick, which yields yellow, green, and blue ore, of very considerable richness. Many of the speci mens, indeed, are cf a high degree of purity, and so also are many of those obtained from shafts in different parts of the section. At present some three or four tons of ore are at grass, and Mr. Treviilian believes that it will pay him to .continue the excavation for the mineral. At the same time he has no objection to re linquish his claim to a Company for a fair remuneration, in order that the wealth of the mineral deposits may be fully ascertained and developed. That the ore exists there in large quantities is perfectly clear, and it will he an immense benefit to Clare in particular, and the colony generally, if the prosecution of mining in the neighbourhood can be made to pay. Hitherto none has been sent away by the proprietor, but wheu the cartage commences the destination will be either the Burra or Wallaroo. We believe that when the land was in the possession of the former owners some 60 tons of ore were dug out of it. j Death of Mb. Ten nan r, of Port Lincoln.— It will be remembered that at the last Theharton races Mr. Tenuant, the well-known squatter, had his ankle broken while passing from the Grand Stand to the paddock. We stated at the time that the fracture had been very difficult to reduce, in consequence of excessive inflammation. But Hr. Bayer ultimately succeeded in putting his patient in a fail way of recovery, and it was hoped that Mr Teunaut would soon be on liis legs again. Un Saturday morning his friends were surprised by the sad news of bis death, which took place suddenly at the Globe, where he had been staying since the accident to his leg. We are informed that the cause of death was not in auy way connected wi.li the fracture, which was rapidly healing. Accord ing to Hr. Bayer, an effusion of blood to the brain took place, and the result was fatal. The deceased continued to exhibit his usual lively and cheerful disposition till within a few minutes of death. His loss wiil be regretted by many, especially in his own district, where he proved himself duriug more t: an 20 years' residence, an energetic and useful settler. Mr. Teunant has died at a mature agc L7 years. Whabf Accident.—An accident which nearly nearly proved fatal, occurred at the Bert on Friday night (10th). The ferecabin steward of the steamer was proceeding on board the vessel lying at the Company's Wharf, about 10 o'clock, when he Jell overboard, it being very dark, and struck his head against the bulwarks. The fall being heard, assist ance was speedily rendered, and the poor fellow was taken on board, after having been a shoit time under water. Medical assistance was sent for, and nr. Huncan was qmckly on the spot. Under his direction the necessary means were adopted, but i'. was neariy an hour before the man was out of danger. This is another instance of the necessity of the wharves being lighted; and we are glad to notice that the Corporation of the Port are about to pass a by-law to make lighting compulsory; whilst the Aiarine Board is preparing a regulation for lights to be exhibited at the gangways of vessels. Mining on thb Peninscla.—The subjoined mining notes are from the Wallaroo Times :—" X bunch of rich black ore has been cut at the Poona Mine, in driving west towards the original discovery •in the ra lway cutting. Samples of the ore have been assayed, and gave a pioduce of over 61) per cent;—A great improvement has taken place at the Euko. On Tuesday last a fine lode of black ore, two and a half feet wide, was cut in No. 2 Shaft at the 20-fathom level. About 12 cwt. of ore, worth about 30 per cent,, was soon raised from the new discovery. There are about 15 tons more ore at grass ready for shipment. — The Paramatta is turning eat splendid ore, and in good quantities. We perceive Captain Warren is advertising for drays to cart it to Port Wallaroo." Kewaiid Monet.—The Government have de cided on paying £25 to each of the Burnetts, who were instrumental in bringing about the conviction of James Halliwell of robbery under arms, from the person of Mrs. Alary Ann Wingate, Enfield, for which he was sentenced in Heceinber last to penal servitude for life. The Matron at the Hospital. — At the meeting of the Hospital Board on Friday Mrs. Brewster, formerly for 12 years Assistant Alatron at the Essex Lunatic Asylum, Brentwood, was appointed Matron cf the Hospital in the place of Airs. Whiteside, lhere were 23 candidates, many of them well recommended. We understand, that Airs. Brewster's testimuuials are of the highest possible character. The Missionary Ship John Williams.—A Sydney telegram, in the Argus of May 8, says:— " The Ida brings a rumour of the loss of the mis sionary barque Jobn Williams, at Navigators' Group." Another telegram on the following day confirms the former one, and adds that the vessel drifted on a reef oil' Savage Island in a calm. No lives were lost. Man Fodnd Dead near Po t Wakefield.— A correspondent sent us the following telegram from Port Wakefield on Monday night: —"Found by me yesterday, a man supposed to have perished from want *f water, in the scrub about nine miles from Port Wakefield. He is supposed to have be longed to McEwan's road party, and to have perished three or four months ago. He had a sum of money on his person. Further particulars to morrow." General Meeting of Bishops.—The following Is a copy of the circular addressed by the Arch bishop of Canterbury to Colonial Bishops. We hear the Bishop of Perth wiil proceed to England by the next mail to attend the Conference, and it is probable tliat Bishop Short will remain in Euglandto attend it:— "Lambeth Palace, February£2,1S67. " Bight Bevereml aud dear Brother—I request your presence at a meeting of the Bishops in visible communion with the United Church of Eugland and Ireland, purposed, God willing, to be holden at Lambetb, under my Presidency, on the 21thof September next, and the three following days. "The circumstances under which I have re solved to issue the present invitations are these:— The Metropolitan and Bishops of Canada last year addressed to the two Houses of the Convocation of Canterbury the expression of their desire that I should be moved to invite the Bishops of our Indian and Colonial Episcopate to meet myself and the home Bishops for brotherly communion and conference. The consequence of that appeal has been that both Houses of the Convocation of my province have addressed to me their dutiful request that 1 would invite the attendance not only of our own home and Colonial Bishops, but of all who are avowedly in communion with our Church. The same request was unanimously preferred to me at a numerous gathering of English, Irish, and Colonial Archbishops and Bishops recently assembled at Lambeth, at which. I rejoice to record it, we had the counsels ana concurrence of an eminent Bishop of the United States of America, the Bishop of Illinois. " Aloved by these requests, and by the expressed concurrence therein of other members both of the home and colonial Episcopate who could not be present at our meeting, I have now resolved, not I humbly trust without the guidance of God the Holy Ghost, to grant this grave request, and call together the meeting thus earnestly desired. I greatly hope that you may be able to attend it, and to aid us with your presence and brotherly counsel thereat. "I "propose that on our assembling we should first solemnly seek the blessing of Almighty God on our gathering, by uniting together in the highest aGts of the Church 8 worship. After this brotherly consultations will follow. In these we may consider together many practical quest ons. 'the settlement of which would tend to the ad vancement of the kingdom of our Lord and Master Jesus Christ, and to the maintenance of greater union in our missionaiy work, and to increased intercommunion among ourselves. "Such a meeting would not be competent to make declarations, or lay down definitions on points of doctrine. But united worship and common counsels would greatly tend to maintain practically the unity of the faith, whilst they would bind us in straigliter bonds of peace and brotherly charity. '' I shall gladly receive from you a list of any subjects you may wish to suggest to me for con sideration and discussion. Should you be unable to attend and desire lo commission any brother Bidiop to speak for you, I shall welcome him as your representative in our united deliberations. "But I must once more express my earnest liope that on this solemn occasion I may have the great advantage of your personal presence. "And now I commend this proposed meeting to your fervent prayers; and humbly beseeching the j blessing of Almighty God on yourself aud your j diocese, I subscribe myself !? Tour faithful brother ji jn the Lord '-'C. T. Oantuab." i Miss Aitken's Beadings.—On Friday, May 10. Miss Aitken concluded a vpry successful series j of leadiugs at White's Booms, There was a crowded house—about the largest she has yet had—which proves that she has acquired a very firm hold on public favour. The Bev. Canon Bussell occupied the chair the greater part of the evening, but was obliged by sudden Indisposition to leave before the close of the entertainment. Several members of the viceregal family were also present in token of His Excellency's patronage. As the principal pieces in the programme have become almost like household words to the generality of our readers, it is needless to parti- I culaibet'heni. Miss Aitken rendered them with j all tn'e vigour and effect to which she owes her | distinguished reputation as an elocutionist-. The audience was more than usually gracious, i judging from the encores demanded, to some 1 which Ariss Aitken was obliged to accede. Tills lengthened our the programme to neatly If o'clock, but eveu then many looked as if iliej would like kriil larger measure for their j money. Bachelder's Diorama.—The tablesux of | Paradise Lost were exhibited in Wliite's Booms by Air. Bachelder on Wednesday evening. Some ! of the representations, particularly those of the Garden of Eden, and scenes in the lifeof Adam and Eve, were pretty aud strikiug, and creditable produc tious in their class. The entertainment is one which, with a suitable 'arrangement and .charge, : may be made a pleasing and instructive means of ' passing an hour or two, especially for juveniles. Entertainment at White's Rooms.—It was a happy thought on the part of the frieuds of the late j Mr. .Frederick Sinnett, to suggest an entertainment in White's Eooms in aid of the fund now being : collected for the widow and children. Such an entertainment was sure to be successful, whoever 1 might be the performers, because Mr. Sinnett was I much esteemed in Adelaide as an honest journalist 1 and a genial man. Literary men unfortunately too often leave their families unprovided for. ' Sometimes this is a misfortune and sometimes a 1 fault. With Mr. Sinnett we helieve it was simply a misfortune, lie was a hardworking, industrious ! inau, who wrought with all the energies he possessed, but things did not go we.l with him; and dying At early age he was not able to m ike provi sion for those dear to him. We know this fact weighed heavily on his mind in his last hours, for he was a man of warm domestic sympathies. His friends here have bestirred themselves to make some piovision for those whom he loved, and they were able to secure an entertainment of a superior ! character, which we areglad to say attracted an oyer- ! flowing house. The "Amateur Ohristys," who are always ready to give tbeirservices.for any good object, promptly responded to the invitation to take part in the evening's performance. Mr. Townsend, who has done as much for the cause of j benevolence as any man iu the colony, at once promised an address; gentlemen amateurs volun- | teered readings; and Miss Aitken, with that generosity for which she is famous in the other colonies, acceded promptly and with pleasure to the request that she would appear in aid of-such a good object. The resu-t was that the Committee were able to present a programme but seldom exceeded in interest iu Adelaide. Long before the time of commencing on Monday evening i the spacious Hall was filled to overflowing— some hundreds having to go away, and at 8 o'clock the chair was taken by the Rev. Canon Russell, who has shown the deepest interest in the j movement from the beginning. In a brief address j he explained the object of the meeting, and paid I a warm tribute of respect to Mr. Sinnett for the service he had rendered to the newspaper press of South Australia. He then called upon the "Original Amateur Christy Minstrels," who gave , some of their songs and choiuses in an admirable manner. In one or two instances the instrumental pait was hardly up to the mark, but most of the I songs were exquisitely rendered. Some of the ' blackfaced gentlemen have flue voices, and sing with delicacy and taste. Too much praise canuot be given to them for the prompt and handsome manner in which they are always ready to come forward to assist benevolent objects. Rones and Tambourine are both "fellows of infinite jest," and by their pranks, conundrums, and humorous by-play they ke;<t the audience in a roar. The most solemn of mortals could not resist the i catching force of their drollery. In the second part of tbe entertainment the Christys gave a grand selection of Japanese operatic airs on in describable instruments, conducted by " Hen -Seratchder." This was irresistibly comic, and was an unmistakable bit. It was one ol the greatest pieces of burlesque which could be imagined, and, notwithstanding the intimation iu the programme, it was vociferously encored. The dancing of the Minstrels was also very clever. Though they had undoubtedly the lious" Bhare in the entertainment, few, we apprehend, thought they had too much of the Christys. After they had given the first part of their performance. Miss Aitken (who was rapturously received) and Canon Russell gave a reading from "As Fou Like it," the lady of course taking the part of Rosalind, and , the gentleman that of Orlando. This was well I received. Mr. W. Townsend, M.P., then came I forward and delivered a short clever address, j chaiacterised by good taste and good feeling; Be was wise in not attempting anything like an elaborate oration, for which the time allotted to him was not sufficient; ! he therefore spoke only for a few minutes t-ii the value of the Press and on Mr. Sinnett's relation to it in South Australia. The tiling was done with remarkable neatness, and the address concluded with Charles Mackay's fine verseE— 'What mighi be done''—which Mr. Townsend recited will great spirit and effect. It was an interesting feature in the entertainment that several of Mr. Sinnett's own pieces were given by gentlemen amateurs, and were well received, especially the " .Story of Leah, done into immortal verse," which was read by the Hon. L. Clyde. We are afraid Mr. Clyde's voice was hardly suffi cient to fill the room, but he read " his piece,'* as Artemus Ward would say, with considerable humour. The first part of the entertainment concluded with Mias Aitken's "Charge of the Light Brigade," which was given with that fire and force for which this gifted lady is soremarkabie. i Despite all warnings to the contrary, the delighted audience insisted on an encore, when the ever fresh and ever-acceptable " Wonnerfu' Wean" was rendered in Miss Ait ken's very best style. This i was, perhaps, the greatest success of the peifor- ! mance. As the evening was growing late when the first part ended, it was supposed there would be a clearing out, and that those who had stood in the crowded aisles would obtain sitting room. But i none left, and the interest was sustained till the close. A scene was given su -cessfully from " Love an 1 Nuggets" by Mr. Lewis and Mr. F. Ryinill Mr. E. Ward recited with distinct articulation aud with considerable passion. "Claude Meljiotte's Apology." A scene from Coleman's Heir at Law was admirably performed by Mr. W. Kay, Mr. F Lymill, and Mr. Lewis. The sly "canny" humour of Dr. Fangloss, with his pedantic quo tations, was rendered with true appreciation by Mr. Kay, aud Mr. Rymill represented the cha racter of Dick Dowlas with great spirit. " Hop Light Loo" aud the "Plantation Walkarouud" caused great fun aud irrepressible laughter. Before the entertainment closed a vote of thanks was heartily given, on the motion of Mr. Townsend, to the various performers, and the Chairman stated that for the sake of those who had not been able to find room an effort would be made to repeat tbe entertainment as soon as arrangements could be made. Miss Aitken had kindly promised to give her services again. This announcement was received with great applause. About II o'clock an entertainment of unusual interest was brought to a close, which has made a handsome addition to the fund now ltein° raised for the widow and children of Mr. SiunetL In all respects it was one of the most successful ever given in Adelaide. Higu-steeet Chapel, Kensington, Scndat School.—On Sunday last, May 12, sermons were preached by the Rev. Henry Cheetham aud the Rc-v. James Lyall in celebration of the anniversary of the Sunday-School connected with the High- street Chapel, Kensington. On Monday a public meeting was held, presided over by the pastor of the churoh (the Rev. H. Cheetham), who stated that though the Sunday-school had been in operation during 15 years, that was the first public anniversary service which had been held—the expenses hitherto having been defrayed by the teachers and a few friends privately—but the increase in the number of scholars now re quired a public appeal for assistance. He then introduced the Rev. F. W. Cox, who delivered his interesting lecture on "The Giant Cities of Bashan." pointing out the strong confirmatory effect of the recent explorations in that country of the prophecies recorded in Holy Writ. The lecture was attentively iistended to, and a hearty vote of thanks accorded to the lecturer, on the morion of the Rev. E. Griffith, seconded by Mr. Kelsey. The proceedings were brought to a close by the doxology and benediction. Collections were made at the services in aid of the school fuuds. Presbvterlan Church, Wallauoo.-The Rev. A. Michie, of Geelong, has accepted a warm and cordial invitation from the Presbyterian Church at Wallaroo, to become tlieir minister. Tbe rev. gentleman, with his family, may be expected in this colony at an early date. We inay state that Mr. Michie is one of the missionaries who came out in the John Williams, and who was intended to labour in the South Sea Islands, but the state of liis health is such as to render it inexpedient that he should carry out his original intention, fie has therefore agreed to settle in this colony. Electoral District of the Stort— A Court of Revision was held at the Heart in Hand, South road, on the 13th May; Presiding Officer. Mr. J. HindmarshLegislative Council—Added to the roll, 4; struck off" the roll. 7; transfers, 3. House of Assembly—Added to the toll, 17; struck off'the roll, 7: transfers, 3. District of Poet Adelaide.—The Court of Revision was Iieid at thpXbcprCoqrt- House, Port Adelaide, on May 8. Legislative Council.—Added to the roll—Port Adelaide, 16; Kadlna, 3; Wala laroo. 12; Moonta, 3; Waterloo Corner, 18—total, 52\. Struck off the roll, 2. Total on roll, 1,009. House of Assembly.—Added to the roll—Port Adelaide, 14; Kadina. 2; Wallaroo, 7; Moonta, 3; Waterloo Corner, 24—total £0. Struck off' the roll, 2\. Transfers, 1 from and I to the roll. Total on roll, 2,924. District of Yatala.—The Court of Revision was held at Salisbury Local Court- House May 10. Presiding Officer, Mr J. Hindmarsh (Revising | Officer). Legislative CounciL—Added to the roll, 23; struck off the roll, 11; transfers. 1 to and 1 from the roIL House of Assembly.—Added to the roll. 35; struck off' the roll, 31; transfers, 1 to and.l from the roil, Roman Catholic Education Scheme.—A cor- I respondent writes:—"The Rev. Father Woods] preached his first sermon in aid of Catholic edu cation in this diocese, at the Church of the Imma culate Conception, Port Adelaide, on Sunday, the 12th inst. He explained the duties of parents | towards their children, and the serious and awful responsibility they incurred in exposing them to the dangers of a mixed system of education, where religion was ignored, and warned Catholic parents against indifferentisin, and not to be seduced by tlic plausible reasoning of those v,iir. lav claim 10 posstis a superior bysteni of education, and would persuade Catholic parents that the danger to their faith was more iniaginaiy than reaL ^ The rev. Father stion^ly urpctl the neces sity. in thiB young country, of Catholics uniting to promote a system for themselves, and hedging it round with those safeguards that would ensuip tneir children against the danger of bring their faith, or of growing up indifferent and lukewarm j Catholics. A collection iu aid was made after the sermon." 1 Vital Statistics.—The number of births and deaths registered in the District of Adelaide during ; the week ended Satuiday, the 11th of May, were: Births, 26 males, 28 females; deaths, 17 males, 22 females. Total, 51 births, 3J deaths. Excess of births, 15. 