STARTLING RESUERECIION. The St- Li?u:s limes has tne following in one cf ti e streets running parallel with Broad ly lived a marr-cd couple who had not travel'.? d together very smoothly since they had been made cne flesh. The husband, though not = bad man, occasionally took a drop too much, gad en sneh occasions happiness was the excep tion ia the household. The wife had 1<X>0 dol- lars in greenbacks, which she had saved and otwavs carried with her : and being the master Mjirit of the firm, she would not allow it to bc- eneroached upon, but on the contrary, endeavored to augment it. The wife took the cholera, and TSS husband, obtaining a permit, had sent her to the citv hospital. It is not known that he ac companied her thither, though he must have Tinted her. One morning, the nurse heme out cf the room tor some time, he returned to the j bedside of the poor woman, and discovered her ; to all appearance dead. Tne doctor was notified ; and made his observations. No pulsation of j the heart, no breathing, nothing to dissipate the silcT-n and assertion that the patient was dead, was discovered, and the disciple of cE.cu- Ispius pronounced her dead. She was iorth- j with disrobed, placed in the rough coffin fur- j risked bv the city, and conveyed to the dead- Lease. Four hours she lay apparently a corpse, with a! I the surroundings of death. After the shadows cf night had closed in, the watchman took a look into tile room to see/nat all was 0 From the inside of one of the coffins b perceptible knocking was heard. Supersti- r'en seized him ; he slammed the door after i'im, and went to notify other parties of the p-T::erious rapping, and several accompanied life man to the temporary receptacle cf the dead. When the door was opened, a sight met the gaze of the party which made the roots of their hair iitiJo-aad dansed them to feel a weakness about the knees. The " corpse" had raised the lid of the coffin and was sitting bolt upright in it Where am I r" says she. The matter was ex- r.Uincd to her briefiy. Filled with anger, illness having seemingly departed, she let loose the Soo5gate er P45011 a the idea of being en closed :a such a contemptible receptacle. She hod 20C-J dols when she went to the hospital, she «xid, and she demanded to know where it bad rc,n5_f!:£t amount would have given her de cent sroukure. The attendants were unable to fsulsin the whereabouts of the missing money, ard the woman demanded to be restored to her self cnce more, that she might pursue the thief who had robbed her, and secure to her body, if i!e was to die, decent burial. The " resurrected" one was helped out of her prison-house and ir.rea to a more genial chamber. But here another difficulty arose ; her clothes had been destroved. Suitable apparel, however, was fur nished. and on finding herself once more of the fiesh and blood, she insisted on starting at once in search of her husband, who she thought — and perhaps correctly — was consoling himteif with her one thousand dollars sad the idea that some other daughter of Eve would console his lonely hours. The surgeon, observing that madam was comparatively well, End thinking that it might do her more harm to rdsin Ler than permit her departure, had the ron gat? open for her exit. Darkness had set m ere she reached her husband's place of domi- ciiiiiic-u. She knocked at the door and ber Lii/; and opened it- With eyes fairly starting -rem their sockets he gazed ; words failed him ; he was paralysed with fear at the supposed ap- ranric-n. At length the wife demanded why he hsa robbed her, insisting at ihe same time that .-be was sot dead, as he had no doubt hoped she was, and she had come home — he would find it harder than that to get rid of her. The husband was too astonished, horrified, to believe his eyes, and begged the " ghost to leave ; she might have the money, but, for God's sake, to go away and not destroy him. At this the man, with fear and trembling, handed her the missing money, which she took ; but she was not to be driven from her home, and with a push she orened the door and entered the house. She bad no sooner done so tban ber husband, minus J coat and hat, rushed out of the back door into the yard, and over ihe fence, and that is the last that cither bis wife or his friends have seen of him. At an inquest held at Houghton-le-Spring, Durham, a Tei diet of "wilful murder" was re turned against a man named Brownless. The circumstances of the case are peculiar. In his own Louse, on the 13th of October, lie deliber ately made a poker red hot and then plunged it into a barrel of blasting powder, containing about 201b- The result was of course an explo sion, but strangely enough those in the room, thcugh severely injured, were not killed. A cLbd, however, in the arms of a neighbor who was ente:ing, was killed. Brownless then cut Lis tbros', but failed ia his attempt lo commit suicide. He was "in liquor." The other afternoon th6 inhabitants of Clifton and the neighborhood were startled by a terrific explosion. It appears that the Norwegian Lai que Aucoter was being towed down the river Avon, nesr Bristol Hotwells, by the steamtug Black Eagle. When opposite St. Vincent's pa rade the boiler burst. The tug was burled high m the uir, and portions fell into the river, wLiie the greater part of the boiler, weighing reveraHons, was thrown over the river wall into the roid fronting St. Viucent's parade, and a smaller part c«n the roof of one of the houses, to which it of course did considerable damage. The wir.dow? of the dock master, the Port and Pier Railway Company's offices, the house of Mr Br u ton, and those of other inhabitants of the P-iradr, were shattered, and some of the frag ments were carried over the roofs of the houses, r.ui fell i?;to the gardens at the back. Pieces of the wreck were scattered to a distance of fifty yards on each side of the spot at which the ex- ploi-icu took place. Fortunately no loss oflife or izjury to persons was sustained on shore, but the crew of the Black Eagle, six or seven in ; number, were all killed. j Behind the Times.-— The Duke of Richmond j objects to having his estate of Goodwood Park j ci; figured by posts and wires ; and a local | tit-civic telegraph — only used ou special occasions j — which should pass through his place, has a ! break which is filled up with carrier pigeons, . hose Sight oyer his grounds he cannot control. ; The distance of the break is six miles. The i pigeons occupy three end a quarter minutes in i making a transit. j Maheied is Haste —A ruriou:- marriage is j reported to have taken place near Bay City, \ Michigan. It appears that a farmer lost his ' wife by death, and that the said wile died early j in the morning. TLe farmer -did not appreciate | to be left aicne in the world, and ere his wife's i eyes had hardly closed in the sleep that knows j no waking, he decided to marry again. Hitching j op Jiis t-eam, he takes :n the servant girl and govs lo "Bay City to buy garments ior the dead. V'hile there he married the girl, and returned : o Jus home the same night with his second wife. I so that by actus count lie was not a widower twelre hours. TLe new wife eppenred at the funeral the next day in deep black, and was one of the principal mourners over the body of the | first wife. j Hor Water PlaLi. — TheEeese River Eenuk ; describes a singular plant lately found growing j m the hot water of Hot Creek district. It is a I delicate vine-tike piaut, almost es fine as hair, j holding myriads of tiny loaves, nearly impercep- j iible, and of bright emerald green. It tuvives j oiiiy in water so hot that the band cannot be ! borne ni it. many efiorts wore made, in spite of j scalded hands, "to gather and preserve speci mens: but it was so tiuv and delicate that it was found to be impossible. East to Eemlmees.— The Mining Press -:sys Ihe length of the Atlantic cable, from tlfc p.im wh ere it leaves Yalentia Island to tne ? pot w. fr.T ji Jaded at Hearts Content, is V-tt -i.-elv mile-. It is a singular comci- fvaee that its length should exactly conform to the'date of the year of its completion,' 