The question of railway extension is becoming daily of more pressing impor tance, not only in the estimation of the public in General, who view the matter solely with referenco to' its natural in fluence on the general welfare of the country ; but also in the eyes of those who look at the subject merely in its bearing upon the local interests of the districts with which they are connected, and which the proposedrailway lines would traverse. Rail way extension is, in fact, the complement of the policy which aims at throwing open the pubiio lands freely for settlement. It is in vain that settlers in large numbers take up allotments of land, with the Tiew of making them their homesteads and the theatre of their labours in tho production of crops of whatever kiad, if thoy find themselves, as they do at present, situated in their several locations at such a dis tance from markets that they cannot hope to dispose of their produce at a price which will either leave them some profit on their outlay of time, labour, and capital, or at the least cnablo them to make a fair living out of their farms. At pro- sent in the western district, of which Hamilton may be taken as the centre, and in the north- western district, of which Ararat is the natural capital, agriculturists taking up wild bush land, and labouring hard to convert it into productive homo- steads, find it impossible to have thoir produce conveyed to the great centres of population at a cost that will enable them to obtain a paying price for it. The entire money returns from tho sale of their pro duce aro consumed in the expense of con veying it to market, even if they are able to overcome the almost insurmountable ordinary roads offer to tho passage of heavily loaded drays. In winter, and in wet weather generally, these ob stacles aro 80 great as to mako it physically impossible for weighty loads of bulky materials to bo carried at all, by means of horseflesh or even bul locks. The traffic by drays is, in fact, wholly stopped by tho impassablo condi tion of tho roads in the rainy season ; and tho agriculturists in the districts we refer to must let thoir potatoes, thoir oats and wheat, and hay and green crops, lio rotting in their wretched outhousc3 and barns, where they aro badly protected from the weather, for wholo months together, until dry weather supervenes, and then they aro brought in a damaged stato to market, and at a moment when thore is a glut of such produco offering for salo. The result from both causes combined is that the prices realised arc ruinously low, tho agriculturist becomes dispirited, he is unable to meet tho Government demand for the rent of his allotment as well as the local taxation imposed by the shire council, and ho is forced in despair to throw up his holding. Thus tho wise policy of a liberal land system is frustrated ; the squatter and tho land speculator, rejoicingover liis ruin, point to the fato of tho settler in support of their hackneyed assertion that agri culture will not pay in Victoria, and quietly and at their easo they resumo possessien of tho land for pastoral pur poses. "What occurs in this way in tho west and north-west, takes place also, with like ruinous certainty, in Gipps Land and the north-eastern district, of which Lecchworth is the centre; indeed, the case _ is even worso in these two latter localities. During last summer, when the Murray was too shallow, as it always is in dry weather, to admit of tho ordinary steamboat traffio on the river, the agriculturists of the Ovens district were so utterly unable to got their produco to the markets here at the sea- board, that they had to feed their pigs on wheat and oats, at the very time when thcro was a brisk demand in Melbourne "for wheat to ship to England. The whole of that demand was in consequence met by means of wheat shipped here from Adelaide, in order to be sent to England. And thus, for want of roads, our farmers wore shut out from tho advantages of that newborn export trade in cereals which has, as wo see by late advices from Europe, proved so satisfac tory in its returns to tho shippers of South Australian wheat to England. This is a condition of things which certainly calls aloud for immediate remedy. And the only remedy that is practicable is that which will bo furnished by opening up the country in different directions by means of railways. Without increased railway accommodation it may, in fact, be taken as an axiom, that it is in vain to throw open the country by free selection to tho settlement of the mass, of tho population. This, then, being the obvious state of the case, there can be no hesitation on the part of the Government — assuming it, as it claims to be, determined to giro full effect to a liberal system of agricultural settlement all over the country — to take immediate steps for providing funds to con struct a railway to the Ovens, another connecting Hamilton and Ararat with Ballaarat, and a third bringing Gipps Land into direct communication with Melbourne. There will bo deputations in a few days hence in Melbourne, both from the Great W estern Railway League and from tho Northern Railway League, whose purpose it is to wait on tho Go vernment and urge upon it tho necessity of immediate steps being taken to provide funds for the formation of rnilway lines to their respective districts. We understand the Government are by no means averse to taking the subject into consideration ; for Ministers are quite awake to tho impor tance and urgency of tho question. Should tho Chief Secretary be able, as is expected, to give a favourable reply to the repre sentations of those deputations, it will bo necessary in tho session of Parliament, which is to commence next week, to have an act passed empowering the Government to raiso a loan of two or three millions sterling in tho English money-market, to meet the _ expense of constructing the proposed lines, which, it is under stood, can now bo formed at a cost far bolow that incurred in tho construction of tho existing Govern ment Railways. Indeed this latter con sideration is one of primary importance ; for, otherwise, tho expenditure.' involved in the formation of two or three lengthy lines of railway would be excessive, even for a colony possessed of tho great re sources of Victoria. Rut two or three cheaply- constructed lines would, when completed, give such an impetus to agri cultural settlement of a oharacter profitable alike to tho settlers and tho community at large, that if they did not soon become absolutely reproductive works in the fullest sense of the word, they would at least be the means of bringing so much increased taxation into the Treasury, that tho burden arising from the interest on the new debt would rest very lightly on the Stato. It is to be hoped, then, that whatever may be tho broils between the two Houses of Parliament on the consti tutional question of " the power of the purse," which now so vexes our public men, they will not bo suffered to interfere with, or impede, the passing of an act authorising tho Government to raise a new railway loan in England, in order that tho much needed railway works may be commenced by tho beginning of the year 18GS. The polling for South Grant takes placo to morrow. It Is reported that Mr. Longden con- . templates withdrawing from the contest, but this Is contradicted by the Advertiser, which adds " Proposals were made to Captain Longden that he should retire, and that his expenses, amount ing to about L70, Bliould be paid. This he re fused to do, saying he would fight It out, and would not rotlre lor any man. In order, how ever, not to split up tho Ministerial interest, ho would, ho said, be agreeable to the names of the three Ministerial candidates being placed in a hat, and then for eomo disinterested party to draw ; which ever name came first should be the candidate, ho paying each of the others L70 for expenses already Incurred. This offer, we need hardly state, has been refused." Tho election of B surgeon-oculist for the Asylum and School lor the Blind took place yesterday afternoon at tho Mechanics' Institute. There were only two candidates, and the result was as follows : — J. T. Rudall, 127; A. S. Gray, 01 ; mtjorlly for Mr. Rudall, 33. It Is very little uso to bavo private boxes nt the Post-offico If the owners ere not to obtain any benefit to compensate for the expense. Complaints have been mode that upon the arrival of an English mall the private box holdsrs frequently do not obtain thoir totters so soon as they would by the ordinary out-door delivery, Tluir Honours tho Judges, In Banco, yester day, ordered tho release irom gaol of Peter Maver, who had been committed for debt without a warrant of distress having been Issued prior to the oommltlal, which Ihe net states is only to bs made in default of distress. At tho date of last advices from England the screw steamer Nelson had not sailed for this colony,, but Captsln Pay no expected to have her fittings completed within a ehort period. Another casualty occurred yesterday morning on board the floating dock engaged In raising the steamer Black Swan, off Gellibrand'a Point. A labourer named Doyle was walking upon a beam that was extended across the dock, when he tripped his foot and fell, It was said. a dls- rcsldenco In North Wllllametown, where ho was attended by Dr. Figg. After an examination It was ascertained that no bones ware broken, nor bad tho man sustained any serious Injury, There Is to be a battalion parade of tho volun teers at Geelong on tha 23rd Inst. Several of the corps from Melbourne and Hallaarat will take part In tho proceedings. A day or two ago a miner named Richard Reed, while working In tho Albion Quarts Mining Company's claim, at Stlegli'z, was killed by a large quantity of the stone falling on blra. It wea threo hours before tha body of tho uu- fortunato innn was extrlcatod. Thomas Anderson, the man whn was found In possession of an illicit still at Geelong on Mon day night, was brought before (he local Bench the following day and fined L50, or in default to be Imprisoned for six months. A meeting was held last evening, at the Town-hall, St. Kllda, tho Mayor presiding, for the purposa of taking into consideration the permanent site of the St. Hilda market. Upon tha proceedings being begun, thore wasagonornl call for the names of those who had eignod the requisition to tha Mayor to have tho meeting called. The names and rotidenees of the ro- qulsitionl9ts were then read, end ns sixty out of eighty-three wcro residents of High street, nt tho J unction end of tho borough, considerable dissatisfaction was expressed. Mr. Duncan M'Nnughten moved a resolution, to tho effect " that the meeting had learned with extreme regret that the Market Committee of the council had pitched upon a portion of a swamp as the site of a market; that that site was unfit for the purpose; that tha mealing woa sorry to find that the council had come to a conclusion In the matter so hastily ; and that thoy considered it inexpedient for tho council to take full power to to its hands la cases involving a large outlay, and the striking o( a special rate without an appeal to a meeting of the rate payers." Tho speaker made a speech which was almost drowned, from beginning to end," with interruptions and disapprobation. Ho argued that there were cheap sites to bo got throughout the borough, while that which was pitched upon by the council would cost a very large sum of mcuey. Mr. Levitt seconded the motion. Councillor Tullett, ns a member of the csuncll and one of tho Market Committee, op posed the motion, stating that tho election of Mr. Lord to tho council bad shown that the ratepayers wcro favourable to the Institution of a market, as he had beaten by a large majority Mr. Levitt, who was an opponent of that being formed. To account for the first speoker being in possession of information with regard to other land being available In tha district, Mr. Tullett stated that that gentleman had gone Into the borough surveyor's office and surrep titiously examined the plans. (Mr. M'Naoghtcn rose to explain, but was not hoard.) The speaker exhibited a painted plan, showing that tho present site of tho market had streets nil round It ; and he challenged any person in tho meeting to point out another available placo with such facilities. Considerable interruption prevailed all the tlmo he spoke. Mr. M'Nnughten ex plained that, as a ratepayer and cx-counclllor, he had n right to examlno any plans in tho sur veyor's office; and soring one of n mnrkit, lie took the delineation of it on pspor. (Laughter.) He Bold that what Councillor Tullett had slated of him was an " unmitigated lie." Councillor Tullett rose, and came heforo the meeting for the purposa of having the remark withdrawn. He coU6hlcred that ho should state what had oc curred with referenco to the plans. Ho said the surveyor would stato to the meeting that ho had asked Mr. M'Naughten to surrender the paper on which ho had noted what he had taken ; but was refused it. Mr, M'Naughten rose and made n short explanation, but set down without withdrawing his statement. After some >remarks from Councillor Crouch, Mr. II. M. C. Qemmell moved an amendment to the effect that the meeting cordially concurred in tko action of the council, end urged them to secure the land and erect the buildings forthwith. Mr. Yan Heinert seconded tho motion, which w>3 supported by Councillor Lord. He pro nounced the prcsont sita to bo tho best for tho markot, as It was central and had been tried with success, and characterised tho39 who opposed it as representatives, not of St. Kllda, but of tho other end of the town. After some further dis cussion, tho amendment was carried by a large mcjorlty. As may be observed in our advertising columns, n change ha9 taken piece in the style of the London and Australian Agency Company (limited), owffig to reconstruction. Tha 3tylo will, for tho future, be the London and Aus tralian Agency Corporation (limited), under which the business will bo conducted as here tofore. Breaches of the privileges of Parliament by members of tbo Fourth Estnto seem occasionally to occur In tbe House of Lords ; but when they do happen, they are more speedily dealt with than In our Legislative Assembly. Recently, In tho House of Lords, the Marquis of Westmoath celled the attention of their Lordships to tho fact that he had been informed — when on a previous evening ho was speaking on the Bill to Abolish tbo Declaration Against Transsub9tcntlstlon— one of the reporters had said ta another reporter, " That d d old Idiot Westmeath is spoaktng, I will not take n word of what ho says." Another reporter had also said to bis fellow- reporter, " What a pity it Is that there Is no one to send this drivelling old idiot Wcitmonth to a lunatic asylum." Both these statements wero received with loud laughter by their Lordships, and the Earl ef Malmesbury remarked that ho thought the noble Marquis was out of order In troubling tho House with things which were below Its dignity. The Marquis, however, con tinued his observations, speaking of tho " gross ribaldry which had been uttered," " the dignity of tho House," " the necessity of such matters not being treated with impunity," etc., until at Inst the cries of " Order" from tbelr Lordships became so loud and general, that he was obliged to sit down. Two parties of the police hnvo fallen In with the bushranger Thunderbolt and his associate, tho boy Mason, on two occasions ; bur, unfortu nately, from tha naturo of the country where the encounters took place, and other clrcum- stancss, wero not successful In making! capture. The first brush with him took placo on the Borah Ranges, on the 24th ult. It appears that Sentor-constablea Dalton and CantriU had either come upon his trscks or ono of his camps on the day previous, and leaving their horses about a mile off, proceeded cautiously on foot towards where the camp was situate on Friday night, and got to within about fifty or sixty yards of tbo placo by daybreak on Saturday morning, when Word saw them. He was at the time putting on his boots, having one on, and tha other and a bridle in his hand, when his attention was drawn to the police. On seeing them be immediately dashed off on foot Into the scrubby range c'.eso nt hand, and the police after him, firing at him as they ran as fast as they possibly could. A cluse of some miles took place, tho police every time they came within firing distance letting fly with a will ; but the scrub became somewhat denser, and ho ulti mately got away. Later on the same day, Special Constable Rexon came upon hlin in the same range, when he was agata fired at and chased, but unfortunately escaped. Constables Lynch and M'Causland were sent out to escort the mail from Warialda to" Tainworth on tho 4th, and baviog seen it safely tlifs side of Manilla, they turned off tho road across the Kceplt inn, and as they went along saw two per sons on horseback talking to a woman on the same range where the first encounter took plane, but at a different spot. They at first thought it was a party of police, as one of the horses was llko that of Dalton's party, and they went towards them. On getting close thoy saw It was Thunderbolt and Mason, and tho mistress of the former. A rush was mods by the police, when Ward and the boy, both of whom were now mounted and lad a sparo horse each, mado a' tP 'peed, dropping the animals they were leading, which were subsequently picked up by the constables ; but Ward and bis mat o succeeded id £s£nu!ncp_ tim nnlu a..j i . « blood narks were observed aftorwards. Ho was still minus 'a boot, the foot being enveloped In a blsck cloth. Ward did not fire a shot during any of the skirmishes. II. M.S. Galaton, Captain H.R.H. the Duke of Edinburgh, arrived at Madeira on 13th June, all well. An adjourned meeting of tho shareholders in the Victoria and Rlvcrina Pastoral Association was held last night nt Tcmplo court, to consider the affairs of the company. Mr. Garrett, of Geelong, occupied tho chair. The report, which was read at the last meeting of the society, was again read, and a shareholder then asked what bad become of a portion of the L2500 which had been subscribed on trust; and Mr. Keith informed tbe meeting In answer that L2700 had been sub scribed and expended, cud security on some por tion of the company's tuns had been got for it. It was not necessary that tho money subscribed should be returned to the subscribers, as the whole of the L2500 had been advoucod by share holders. Mr. Keith further said in reply to other shareholders, that he had subscribed L1400 of the L5700 ; and sovcrol shareholders then ex pressed dissent at his having done so, saying it was only to secure himself. No books were produced at tho meeting, it being stated that tho landlord of tbelr late premises had retained the box In which they were kept, along with the furniture, for rent ; but Mr. Keith said the land lord would give up the books. Mr. M'Cotnns then explained tho principal causes which had led to tho present disastrous posi tion of tho company, tho principal ono being tbo extreme dry seasons. Tho causes, he said, were mostly brought on by Providence, and were such as no mortal ciuld lnve combated with. After a long and desultory conversation, the principal part oi which was occupied by angry remarks of shareholders against those who had managed the company's affairs, a resolution was proposed by Mr. Knipe, seconded by Mr. Beat, and carried, to tho effect that six shareholders should bo appointed a committee to ennfer with tho directors as to the present position end future prospects of tho company, the ceimnittco toreport to n future meeting. The Burrumbcot tragedy was the subject of an inquest held on Tuesday, at tha United States hotel, Carnghnm. Tho body of James Morton, who had blown off bU head on the previous day, was viewed by tho jury, and John Mitchell, farmer, uncle of the deceased; Mary Morton, wifo of the deceased; John Mitchell, Jun., cousin of deceased, and Inspector Stoney were examined. From their evidence it appeared that tho deceased was shout forty yenrs of ogc, and a labourer beforo bo took up forty acres of land under tbo 42nd clauso. In consequence of a quarrel with his wife, he went awey ia January last, and returned on Saturday. On coming in Mr. Fergnraon, a lodger, said— " You have come back." He did not answer for some time, but eventually accused Forguisan of having improper intimacy with "his wife. Fergusson denied the charge. Mrs. Morton, who wns present, threatened to send for Mr. Mitchell ; and Morton, daring her to do It, took hold of her, kicked her, and dragging her to the back door, presented n pistol threo Inches from her face. Mr. Fergusson came to her rescue, and she stood with her back to the dear till Mr. and Mrs. Mitchell came. Morton then denied that ho had a pistol, and talked very Incoherently, saying that be had been In Scot land and New Zsaland, and also slid nobody knew where be hid been. He oat dawn by the fire, and his wifo saw that he hod a pistol con cealed. After n few minutes he got up nod paced through tho house with the pistol, saying nobody would ever tnko blm to court, and some ono would fall before be did. On Sunday ho talked in a rambling manner, and the polico being sent for, Constable Menagh came on Monday. Though the constable wa3 warned that the deceased wn9 a dangerous man, and was armed, he went In In company with Mrs. Morton, and tho latter gavo her husband in charge for using threatening languago, Morton held up bis knife while tho constable was searching him, and said that was all he had. Menagh found nothing on him, and told him he would hnvo to go with him. Morton replied he would like to have hts dinner first, and sent his boy for his horse. Ths boy was a long time nw3y, and the constable getting tired, Morton got ready to go. Ho went in to his bed room, and asked Mrs. Morion if alio would saddle tho horse. Mensgh told him to do It himself; whereupon Morton said he war. sorry to do it, but tbo constable w then fired at Menagh, who fell into the fire. He then fired at Mrs. 3Iorton, as she was making towards the door, hut she was not dangerously j wounded, tho ball glancing oft' her skull. Tito constable fired four shots at him, and sUgaersd out of the hous:, tajing that Morton hod "mor tally wounded htm. Mrs. Morton got out of the houso. Morton, who had possisscd him- self of a gun, then left the house with a child in his arras, but he laid it down. He walked In front of the house like a sentry, and went in and out. In n short Urns ho said some thing, which could not bo beard, and placing the barrels of the gun n ehort distance from his mouth, fired it by means of a striog attached to his foot, end literally blew his head off. The brains were scattered soma dtstnnce from the body, and the force of the shot must have been tremen dous, though thcro was only one barrel loaded. After tho constablo was wounded, Mr. Mitchell, who had been talking to Mrs. Morton tn the road, eamo up and took Mensgh to his house. Tho bystanders told Mr. Mitchell to fly, as Morton aald, " Now for Hie old man," meaning Mitchell. Mitchell then loaded his gun and walclied Morton near a fence. Morton fired two shots at him, but they did not take effect. After this Morton must liavo reloaded the gun with the ball with which he shot himself. Mr. Mitchell now stated that the family thought Morton was Insane. The jury consulted tor about an hour, and returned a verdict as follows : — "We find that the deceased James Morton did, on the 9th day of September, 1867, at Bur- rumbeet, feloniously, wilfully, and of malice aforethought, blow his head off by discharging a loaded gun at his head, and of which mortal wound he then and there died." The BUhop of Melbourne delivers his lecture on "Ecce Homo," at Trinity Ciiurch, East Melbourne, litis ovening, in aid of the parsonage fund. His Honour the Chief Justice is an nounced to preside. Tbe last freak of fashion," says an English paper, is to give the coup do grace to tho pearl powder, white lead, and rouge that have so long reigned. Even belladonna Is to be dhcarded, and " golden" hair will shortly be as rare si the real auburn tint of nature, If not still rarer. 'J ho decree hae gone forth for black- hair and brouzo complexions, and the30 will, no doubt, shortly crowd the parks. I-Iow they arc produced la the only question that need concern U3. Tbo destructive uaturo of tho chemical agents usually employed for dyeing tho hair black is well known to our readers. Tu give a lady of fashion the complexion of a gipsy, nothing fs needed but a little walnut juice, and we have reason to know that this has already found its way to the toilet-table. It has at least the "negative merit of not being so dangerous as soras of the poisonous cosmetics that have preceded it. Whether a dirty face will long be the rage it would bs rash to predict; On Monday morning last Wm. Hankie, in the employment of Mr. James Wood, Elizabeth street, broke hts orm in two places while work ing at crushing maize. It seems that the limb was drawn by tbo strap into the machine, and hence the aeeldent. Ho was tnken to the Hospital, and tbe case is progressing favour ably. Tho clause in the Reform Bill introducing tho principle of tho representation of minor hies, restricts voters to two candidates in constituencies returning threo mombers to the Houso of Commons. ihe promises of Mr. Henry Murz, tobacconist, Richmond, were entered on Tuesday evening by thieves, and n quantity of property, consisting cf jewellery and cigars, wns carried away. The thieves effected on cntranco by cutting a hole through ono of the doors. On Monday Frederick Marshall, charged with — t.-ii— ... Francesco, at Oxler, was brought beforo tbe Wongaratta Polico Court, and further remanded for eight days. Francesco wns not expected to survive many hours. A final meeting of thoie Interested In the proposed bazaor in aid of the funds of St. Yincent do Paul Orphanago will be held this afternoon, at tho Convent of Mercy, Nicholson street. Tho Tomahatoh, a new London satirlcnl journal, docs not spare tho Royal Princes. In n cartoon It represents tho Prince of Wales r.s Hamlet, struggling with John Bull, who as Horatio is holding him back from pursuing the ghost of George 1Y, to whom tho Prince Is saying, "I'll follow thee." The inference is obvious. Another Royal personage is thus hinted at:— "A certain ' lloval Sailor' (we leave our readers to supply for themselven his nationality), it is said, exhibited such a decided taste for tha votaries of Ternsiehore during his last stay on ehoro, that it has been proposed to produce a naval drama founded upon his por- snnnl adventures, to be entitled ' Truo to the Corps — de Ballet.' " We understand that tho action commenced some tlmo ago by Mrs. Cutolo against tho Aus tralasian Steam Navigation Company to recover damages for tho injuries to her late husband, which terminated in his denth, has been com promised by the payment of a sum of about L1500. Amongst the recent military promotions, we learn that Majors Pasley and Clerke, of tho Royal Engineers, have been advanced to the rank of lieutenant-colonels. Colonel Mould, C.B., who commanded tho Royal Engineers In New Zealand for several years has rethed on full pay with tho rank of major-general. Thero was no husiucss at the Wllliamstown Police Court on Wednesday. A large number of minor robberies have lately been committed by a gasg of young thieves in different houses in East Melbourne. For months past they have been prowling about the neigh bourhood, sad several housr-s which were to let have been almost dismantled by these youthful marauders, the bell-pulls end wires being taken from the wells, and In some instances tbe boilers have been got out from tho biiek-work and carried off. Tu fact, many of the pieces have suffered to tho extent of L53 by these depreda tions. The youngsters were able without the slightest difficulty to dispose oi their plunder to the numerous receivers of stolen property who abound ia tho city and suburbs. Sergeant Summerhnyco succeeded In arresting fire of tbeso young rascals, and yesterday morniog they wero dealt with by tho City Bench. Samuel Johnstone, Win. Sneddon, and John Francis were eent to the reformatory ship Deborah for three yenrs; Henry W. Smith was discharged, as he did not show any complicity In the rob beries; and Furlong was also dismissed, ns he gave "Queen's evidence." John Kruse and Engelbert Hucsker, marine storekeepers In Little Lonsdals street, were committed for trial 03 receivers. On Summerhayes visiting tbe house of Krusc and Hu6sker, ho found a furnace already fired to melt n considerable quantity of lead, and copper bolters. A large number cf hell-wires were also discovered — In fact, suffi cient to supply a village. " Romeo and Juliet" and " Barney the Baron" formed tho entertainment at the Theatre Royal last night. This .evening, " Richard III." is to bo repeated ; nnd to morrow " The School for Scandal" will bo per formed. There was a goad houso nt the Haymarkot Theatro last night, to witness tho " Black- Eyed Susan" burlesque, which now goes smoothly and well. 