AUSTRALASIAN MISSIONS. J Thje annual meeting in connection with the Australasian ' missions of the Wesleyan Methodist Denomination was held on Monday evening in Wesley Church, Chippendale. The attendance was numerous. j The Eev. fi. Rabone read the following report I The cans est hope of your committee. &e; expressed in the com- | men cement of last year's report, that it might not again be their , duty to call attention to anything so anomalous as circuits not sorry to say, been disappointed. In New Sooth Wales wc count ! at least seven circuits from which there are no returns for 1866 ; in Queensland five, in Victoria three, and in South Australia one. Whatever may be eaid in explanation of Euch extraordinary omissions, your committee, in view of the direction aonually given by the Conference that sucb meetings shall be held in all the circuits of the connexion, cannot but feel surprise and deeply regret that not only is the missionary income injured to tbe amounts these circuits would contribute, but tbat many friends of missions in such circuits arc wrongiy deprived of the privilege of the annual gathering to hear of the work of God in our mis sions, and of uniting 'with their fellow-christians in prayer and effort for the extension of a work many of them love, and in which they have for yeare taken a lively interest. May the hope again be .expressed tbat no circuit in this connexion, except where, perchance, it may be impossible, will fail to hold meetings and do its part in tuslaining and extending our missionary enterprise, in which it is not more our solemn obligation than it is our high honour to take a part. Your com mittee have reoeived information from the parent committee in London of the building of a new mission vessel in placc of the lost John Wesley, it is expected she will leave England for these colo nies during the currcnt month ; and should she visit the sister colonics on hcT way here, as desired by the general committee and Conference, we may hope for her arrival here in September next. It is intimated tbat we may expect to welcome with her two mis sionaries for the island work. The expenditure of the year has been £15,279 5s. 3d., the receipts from all sources £11,212 3s. Gd., leaving a balance of £4024 17s. 8d. to be granted by the parent eocicty in London. It is matter for thankfulness that this balance is so much less than thoEc of several previous years. The almost universal depression in trade and commerce in these colonies dur ing the year, and thelconseciuent inability of many friends to give as in more proeperous times, with other causes, naturally excited the fear tbat our balance deficiency would this year be unusually large. While, however, we are gtateful for this result, it is only right it should be known that we owe it to the fact that in the accounts for the past year we bave credit for two years' proccedsof oil, instead of one, from the Friendly Islands, asowing to the loss of the John Wesley tbe oil was not brought in time for tbe report of 16G5. It is noted with deep regret that with one exception the contributions from the colonics arc less this year than last, and the regret is greater in the fact that the parent colony, for so many years first in the amount of its contributions for minions, should in the last year have fallen to an amount much less than one-half of its doings ten years past, and less than in any year in the existence of this society. Your committee bear in mind the state of commerce and the circumstances of largo numbers of our friends, and would not indulge the thought tbat those who can arc les6 willing than heretofore to give to this cause, their impression being rather that where the umal means and efforts have been made there is little occasion for complaint &s; to the results. To your committee the great matter for regret is that so many should be without the opportunity of doing, as they would and have . been wont to do. Circuits in which no meetings are held or collections made, can scarcely be expected to raise contributions, nor can circuits in which tbe one and tbe only effort of tbe year is the annual public meeting for missions he supposed to feel the sympathy, or put forth the effort, that is felt and manifested ?where missionary prayer meet ings arc held, missionary notices read, and where raiseioowy organisation exists. It is from such system and organisation, well worked, we augur the best results for this great cause, rather even than in the multiplication of ministers and congre gations throughout the land ; for whilesotne believe that in these we have the certain source of increased -income to this society, it would be but a matter of figures to pan e, beyond any doubt, that while ministers and congregations have been increasing jearly, the income to this society has, for several years past, been en the decrease. Through the unfailing liberality of tbe British and Foreign Bible Society, which your committee here gratefully acknowledge, both the Friendly Islands and Fiji missions con tinue to rcceivc supplies of the Word of God, and it is noted with pleasure that we have now for remittance to the treasurers of this noble society the sum of £225 17s. 5d., being the amount received for copies of the 6acred Cook sold on mission stations, an evidence that onr native Christians have been taught to love the boot of God. Wc now pass lo a brief notice of the Society's missions. , CHINESE MISSION' IN VICTORIA. Ol this mipfion tbe chairman ol tne (ja&uemaine; ana baBanurst district reports as follows During tbe past year Leong onTong bas been very assiduous in his labours among his countrymen. Be ha6 regularly conducted Divine worship on the Sabfeath day in the Mission 6hapel in Castlemaine, and during tbe week has visited the various Chinese encampments to impart instruction in the principles of Christianity. Visit£ have also been made to . Daylesford and Ballarat, for tbe purpose of holding religious service. We rejoicc to state that this mission is still fruitful In results— six converts from heathenism were baptised into the Christian faith by the Rev. E. King, on Sunday, 3Lst March. The experience of these candidates was translated info English by the Bev. Mr. Piercy, of Canton; an extract from his letter will be read with interest. Mr. Pierey says : — ' I am greatly impressed , with the importance of this work among the Chinese in Australia. The papers now sent will show you more and more, I think, the value of your native agency. I am particularly struck with the freshness and clearness of your convert's statements and their ? general apparent sincerity. W hen will you (Mr. P. inquires) have a young Englishman or ; Australian superintending tbis work, and speaking to these i Chinamen with the freedom of a native's tongue ? O tbat you had such a man, what a noble work he might do for the people, with you and for this land! he might train men who, on their return to China, would be of great service to these masses. In the Sandhurst district, James Ah Sing has laboured amongst the Chinese with great acceptance and some success. One con vert has been baptized during the year, and another now seeks admission into the Church. The result of another year's ex perience has been more than ever to confirm our faith in the value and importance of evangelistic efforts among the Chinese I residents in Victoria. In view of the growing importance of this mission, the grant fer the current year is £200. NEW ZEALAND. — NORTUERN DISTRICT. The Maori or mission work in this district is no longer the 6olc or principal work claiming the attention and efforts of your mis- ; eionuries. In several of the circuits no Maorics still reside, while in others the work is more English than nauve. Each succeeding year reports a decrease in the number of Maori church members, and also of tho^e who attend religious services. The general com Slaint of your missionaries is that where the Maorics have not een killra or scattered abroad by the late wars they have become fearfully disorganised and demoralised and all but hope i lessly fallen into the ruinous habit of intemperance : ' supersti tion and drunkenness,'' as one writes, 'being tne forms of evil with which we have now specialy to do battle, ' and yet we cannot think, as some have said, that our mission to the Maories of New Zealand has been a failure. Many of them during the past forty years lived and died in the faith of Christ, and arc with the redeemed from every land before the throne of God and the Lamb, and auong the 471 Churcb members now returned there arc a goodly number who ' have not defiled their garments.' Your committee hopes that ere long these days of rebuke and - blasphemy will have passed away, and a brighter era have begun. Of one thing tbey are assured that, if the impending ruin is to be averted, and the remnant of Maories saved, it can only be by that *? Gospel of Christ which is the power of God to salvation.'* SOUTHERN DISTRICT. We have no reports from this district. In the schedule printed in the Conference minutes we mark sixty-eight Maori church members returned. It may show how fearful a scourge has fallen upon these lands during the past twelve years if we compare the figures of the first Australasian Conference with those of the last. In 1855 the returns lor the whole of New Zealand were— church members, 3070 ; attendants on public worship, *590. In 1&67, church members, 539 ; attendants on public worship, 2701). We rejoicc to report tbat in both districts tbe English work is in an cfftcicnt state, and givc6 signs of great strength and prosperity. | FRIENDLY ISLAND6 DISTRICTS. | The past has been a year of trial to this mission. Tbe three i senior missionaries— Messrs. Davis, Whewell, and Baker— had all I to leave during tbe year on accoust of domestic affliction, and so j leaving the district greatly weakened. The last Conference ap pointed other three to this mission, and it is hoped that Mr. Baker will be in circumstances to justify bi6 return in the course of a few months. Notwithstanding the fewness of the labou -ers, it is matter for gratitude that the work of God continues in a good state. We are still assured by those on the spot, eye and ear 1 witnesses of what they state, that in the holy lives and peaceful I deaths of many the most blessed evidence is given that the Gospel I they bave received is of God, and that it came to them not in I word only, but in power, and in the Holy Ghost, and in much j assurance. 1 A recent letter from a missionary in Vav&u; contains the follow ing ' Our chief judge, Osaiasi Tonga, is dead. No doubt yoa remember him ; he was el' high rank, a friend of missionaries from the beginning, remarkable for his upright character as a judge, as also for bis diligence in the duties of hisofliceasa leader and trustee. I was with bim in his final hour, and was greatly pleased with hi6 dying testimony and the confident hope he had of a better resurrection.' The same letter describes a love-least service in tbe large chapel at Vavau, on last Christmas Day. The writer says There were about 800 persons present — perhaps 700 inside the chapel, and the other hundred about the doors and windows ; there were generally half-a-dozen persons on their feet waiting to speak, and content to bide their timo.' The missionary had sometimes to interpose on behalf of the more timid ones. About the middle of the meeting an elderly man entered, and, forcing his way to the centre of the chapel, 6aid, 11 1 have been content to sit under the tree, and am burnt red by the sun, for I have been there all the afternoon ; now surely you will let mo speak, and then I will go again to my seat.' A blind woman thus said: 44 What a mercy that the blood of the Lord Jesus Cbri6t saves an old blind woman like me; true my eyes are blind, but the eyes of my soul arc clcar, clear as they can be ; I can see the Saviour here, and ever lasting life above.' An old brother, full of fire, said, ' As to my spiritual life I have no doubt about it, I know in whom 1 have believed ; and Christ said, and I feel it true, ' None shall pluck you out of my Father's hands.' My life is all right, as it has been for alongume. Glory be to God, it is there'-* pointing upwards— it is there, it's all safe, bid with Christ in God.' Your missionary adds that for half an hour he etood, hymn book in band, waiting to close the meeting. Of thi6 people it is just to say that they love not in word only, but in deed and in truth; for, in addition to upwards of £2000 worth of cocoanut oil, they sent in cash subscriptions for 16GG upwards of £500. SAMOA DISTRICT. From the reports of your missionaries labouring in this district we gather that the spiritual work of God is in a low and un satisfactory state. Many who name the name of Christ arc resting in the form of godliness without its power. The piety and intelligence of many of those employed as leaders is but that of 41 babes in Christ.' Political and tribui quarrels contribute largely to this lamentable state of things. Old offences arc re membered, and they do not forgive one another, hence there is among them envying, and strifes, and divisions. In a few places there are indications of improvement, and the labourers are not left without tokens of the Master's presenoe and favour. Con versions have taken place during the year, and some have passed through death triumphant home. Of an old teacher named D&nicl;, Mr. Brown writes to his relations who travelled a dis tance of sixty miles that they might remove him when near his end, to die in his native village, in accordance with their custom, he said, 'If you have any loveto me let me die at my post, I will make an end of my appointment (finish my work), here at Neiafu.' Be often expressed his penectpeaoc with God through our Lord Jesus Christ, and said. it iB good to die.' To his children his dying charge was, ' If you love me follow me, and meet me above. Keep fast hold of the word of God,' and so passed away old Tanicla to meet his friend Sivasl, whose death we I noticed last year. Mr. and Mrs. Osborne arc on the eve of sailing for Samoa, and expect to occupy the Monono station, for which a missionary has long been promised. FIJI DISTRICT. We have about 18,000 church members, and 90*000 attendants od public wonhip in this group of islands, this number it ls said approaches ta one half of the entire population. Here your missionaries are In labours more abundant, the great success given occasioning the great difficulty felt In one circuit there arc under the charge of two missionaries 4260 church members, and about $000 bearers, these are scattered over several widely divided islands. Each circuit in this group is divided into sec tions, and cach section given in charge to a native missionary or assistant missionary of this class of valuable labourers. Wc have about 40 in Fiji eo employed, and they are mott devoted and use ful. The missionary in charge reports well of tbe theo logical institution at Kandava; be writes ' Wc have had forty one students under instruction, twenty-two being second year's men, and nineteen fresh men have been sent from tbe different circuits. Daily intercourse with the students, and meet ing them weekly in class, has given us a very high opinion of their sincerity and strong desire to be and to do right in tbe sight of God and man. We have had no occasion for the exercise ef discipline during the year ; their preaching has been very accept able, and wc have heard from time to time of conversions under the Word preached.' In conclusion, Mr. -Tettleton says ??We look upon the past of our institution, and take courage; wc see something attempted, something done, for the native pastors of our Fijian churches. Wc look hopefully into the future, believ ing that God will bless us, and prosper the work of our hands upon as. The clearest indication ol weakness in our operations in Fiji is in the schools for children. All agree that a pressing necessity is the presence of one or two missionaries thoroughly competent to inst ruct our native tcacheis in the best mode of con ducting elementary schools, and it is hoped that this necessity will be met by the arrival, in a few months, of 'the new ship John Wesley. On the lone island of llotumah, your missionary is labouring vith untiring diligence, and with a good degree of success. He reports tbat during the year many have become members of tbe Church, and &Bysr; ' The great majority of our people maintain a good profession, considering all things ; their religious experience is not deep, the Gospel is cordially embraced, but wc iear there is an absence of private devotion, and of consequent growth in grace.' The following is a general summary of the stations occupicd by this society. Number of thapcle ... ... ... ... 731 Number of other preaching places ... ... 413 Missionaries and assistant missionaries... ... 104 Catcchists ... ... ... ... 612 Day school teachcrs ... ... ... ... 1|4S1 Sabbath school teachcrs ... ... ... 2,788 Local preachcrs ... ... ... ... ' 1,489 Class leaders ... ... ... ... ... 2,968 Full and accredited Church members ... * ... 28,795 On trial for membership ... ... ... 5,491 Mabbath schools ... ... ... ... 1,906 Sabbath scholars ... ... ... ... 40,816 Day scholars ... ... ... ... 42,561 Attendants on public worship ... ... ... 113,003 There arc two printing establishments. In closing the report for another year your committee would devoutly thank God for the past, and take courage for the future. The prospects of our mission, en the whole, arc encouraging work ; every year the agcncy for goodis increasing, and the field for its operation ever extending. Your committee again earnestly com mend this society to the sympathy, the prayers, and the liberality of God's people, and all friends of Christian missions, and would not closc their annual report without again reminding the Methodist Churcb in Australia that our fathers and friends in the old country, and those especially connected with the parent missionary society, are anxiously looking for tbe time when this society will no longer be dependent upon them for any portion of the amount it expends in its missionary operations, their imprcs Eion being one in which many in Australia concur, that the Australasian Wesleyan Church and people have only to resolve that they will do without the help tbey now annually get from tbe parent society's funds, and the object weuld soon be realised. Earnestly it is recommended that every circuit in the con nexion have a complete missionary organisation, that there be committees formed, that there be collectors appointed, that euch collectors wait frequently and regularly upon subscribers, gathering weekly or monthly such sums as all may be willing so to give for this good cause. In some places there arc no collectors, while in many others the collectors wait upon the subscribers but once in the year. Let missionary information be diffused ; let it be known that God 'is working salvation in the midst of the earth;' let missionary prayer meetings be sustained; let mis sionaries and their work be remembered before the Lord ; let the many thousands iB heathen darkness so near our shores move our pity and draw out all our souls in prayer. In a word, let every one come to the help of the Lord— to tbe help of the Lord against tbe mighty— then shall God bless us, and by the pouring out of the Spirit from on high, the wilderness shall be a fruitful field, and the fruitful field be counted for a forest. Tub General Treasurers in Account with the Australasian Wesleyan Methodist Missionary Society for the year ending December 3l6t, 18GG. Dr. Cr, To Receipts : By Payments : Anniversary scr- New Zealand, vices ... £42 4 1 North district ... £1931 16 0 Sydney District Ditto ditto, South.. 673 0 0 Auxiliary ... 961 15 2 Friendly Islands ... 2421 8 8 3athurst ditto ... 2t-5 7 3 Samoa ... 756 4 8 Maitland ditto ... 21C 4 10 Fiji ... 5163 2 8 Goulburn ditto ... 120 12 10 John Wesley ... 2186 3 2 Queensland ditto... 127 9 11 General Mission ... 795 16 1 Melbourne ditto ... 1055 17 9 Returned miseion Geelong and Bal- aries... ... C47 9 0 larat ditto ... 638 C 5 Chinese mission ... 208 15 3 Castlemaine and Moravian Abori Sandhurst ditto.. 360 18 0 ginal mission ... 50 0 0 South Australia Interest and ex ditto ... 948 38 0 change account 245 9 9 Tasmania ditto ... 724 I 5 ? ? Western Australia 66 17 10 £15,279 5 3 Mission Districts: ? ? . New Zealand, N.... 402 11 0 New Zealand, 6. ... 264 1 7 Friendly Islands ... 533 2 4 Samoa ... 237 6 11 Fiji ... 9 3 0 Proceeds of Oil: Friendly Islands ... 3237 I 9 Fiji ... 842 7 C Balance paid by Missionary Com mittee in London 4024 17 8 £15,279 5 3 The meeting was then addressed by the Keve. H. H. Gaud, W\ J. Davis, W. Clarke, G. Hurst, S. W. Baker, 'W, Kelynack, W. Curnow, ft. Amos, S. Rabone, and Mr. £. Vickery. _ 