BURROWA. from our correspondent. Court of Petty Sessions, — Wednesday, January 9 Beforo J. B. Pearco, Esq., P.M. The business to bo transacted was very light there being hut two police cases on the hooks foi henring. Thomas Ryan, publican, appeared (on bail) for feloniously wounding James Downey on the night of the 2nd inst. The prosecutor did not appear, and the ensewns further postponed for fourteen days. A telegram wns received from Yass during the sitting of tho court to the effect that Downey is progressing fa vourably. James Dwyor. of Burrnwa River, was fined 10s. and costs for being drunk nnd disorderly on the public streets. Smai.l Debts' Court, Wednesday.— Tysctt v. J. Martin : trespass. Dismissed. — Oassen nnd Kelly v. James Smith; wages. 3/. 10s. Verdict for plaintiffs, wtth costs. — Denis O'Connor t>. H. CnsHclls ; for 9/., value of lost time caused by de fendant. Postponed for fourteen days.— Palmer ti. Eason : damage to growing crop. 5/. Verdict for plnintiff for 21. 10s. and costs, with 10s. allowed to witnesses. Clerical.— On Snturday a number of gentle men assembled in the Anglicnn Church to make their adieux to the Rev, Mr. Newton prior to his departure from Burrowa. An address, accom panied with a purse of forty sovereigns, the gift of the ndmirers of the rev. gentleman, was presented by Messrs. J. and G. Hayes, Crcgo, nnd Hancock ; aud a very feeling reply was read in acknowledg ment of the testimonial. The rev. geDtlemnn, accompanied by Mrs. Newton and child, left on Monday for Goulburn, en route for England. The New Wheat. — There is very little general news astir. Reaping is now completed, and the threshing- machine is being put into requisition. The ponderous steam-machine, the property of Mr. Hancock, is fonnd a valuable auxiliary to the sav ing of labour for the farmers of the distriot. Already it has commenced its pcrigrinations, and in all places whero it has been used it is deserv ing of notice to say that tho yield has given every satisfaction. A supply of new wheat has been brought to market, and tho prices opened at 5s. per bushel. Tun Weather continues oppressively hot. and perhaps it may be stated with truth that this is the hottest summer we hnve had for a number of years. Vegetables of all descriptions nro suffer ing hy the continued absence of moisturo ; nnd in deed. for many purposes, a good full of rain would he looked up/in now us n most desirable blessing. Dreadful Murders by Clarke's Gano. — Our telegraphic intelligence informs us of a desperate attnek made hy Clarke's gang on a party of four unattached detective police, tlio whole of whom they shot dead. These police hnd been despatch ed by Government for the purpose not only of bringing Clarke's gang to justice, but also tlioso who havo so long harboured them. They wcro . selected for their intelligence and courage. Carroll has recently been actively engaged in the appre hension and prosecution of, these harhourcrs, and I in the courso of somo of the prosecutions ho produced daughter against father, nnd sister against brother. He also proceeded against Con ned, tlio publican, at Stony Creek, a popular district man, and brother of the notorious Councils, and who was supposed to be an exception to the family nnd their connections. Charge of Rape. — On Thursday evening Mr. Suli- inspectnr Urennan, accompanied by mounted constable Buckley, brought into town, nnd confined in the lockup, a man named Jeremiah Minaghan, on a etiargo of having, on the previous Tuesday or Wednesday, committed a rnpo on tho poi- son of a widow, over seventy years of age, limned Aon McLaiiglilan. The offence is alleged to hnve been committed in a wheat paddock. Mhiaghan is said to have thrown some sheaves at the old woman which knocked her down, ho then tied her hands and committed the offcnco charged against him. Tiie prisoner will he brought up this morning be fore Messrs. Laidlaw and Blake, lie will be de-. fended by Mr. Wilkinson. Thresh ino. — On Wednesday last tlio steam threshing-machine belonging to Mr. Jqlinston was nt work in Mr. Ililly's yard, at the rear of tho (llobo Hotel. TIib wheat was damp and very " tough." yet. notwithstanding mnny stoppages, over 350 bushels wero threshed nnd cleaned. A large number of persons visited the vnrd during the day to witness the working of the machine. Wo understand with dry wheat to work upon tho macliino is capahlo of threshing 800 bushels in one day. We may state that the wheat threshed on Wednesday was grown on Mr. Hilly's farm, near Yass. and that the 350 bushels were the crop nf about ten nnd a half acres, thus averaging about 35 bushels to the acre. The Lands and the Treasury. — On tho 9th inst. the secretary of tho Yass Mechanics' Institute received a letter from the Lands Department, dated tho Rth, stating that tho 250/. for the pur chase of a site for the hull, could not bo paid over until the conveyance of the land had been com pleted. On tho same evening the treasurer of the institute received a letter from the Financo Depart ment, dated on the day of the letter from the Under-Secretary for Lands, stating that the money had been paid to the credit of tho trustees at tho Commercial Bank. St. Clement's .School. — Tlio distribution of prizes took placo in this school on Wednesday afternoon, in the presence of tho parents of the children nnd several visitors. The prizes were handed to those to whom they had been awarded hy the Rev. F. A. O. Lillingston, tho several re cipients being warmly applauded by their sclioil- mates. Tho rev. gentleman referred to tlio salistics of the school for tho past year, from which it appeared that the aggregate number of the children on the roll was 120, the number during the last quarter of 1866 being 93, with an average attend ance of 86. Reference was also made to the very favourable report of tho insoeetor, who pronounced the school to bo the largest in number and tho first ns regards attainments in the diocese of Onulbnrn. The result of tlio recent annual ex amination passed under review, and spccinl refer ence was made to the system of written papers, which had evoked some remarks out of floors tending to misconception, tlio rev. gcntlcmnn remarking upon the superiority of the system as a test of efficiency and its adoption in the case of candidates for employment in the civil service in the mother country ns also in all superior educational establishments. Parents were invited to take increased interest in the school hy occa sional visits, so, as to become acquainted with the manner in which the duties nro performed. The exertions oftho ladies who rendered assistance to the female teacher in the needle- work department were particularly remarked, and also their kindness in contributing prizes. Appropriate remarks were addressed to cncli recipient of a prize. A prize still remains to be awarded, having been reserved for tho best essay on " Education ; what it is, and tho benefits to he expected from it." The proceedings terminated with cheers for the Rev. F. A. O. Lillingston, tho teachers, visitors, and especially for Mrs. Stiles, who had generously provided confectionary for tho occasion. Monster Snake. — One day this week a snnkeof n description previously unknown on tho Murrum- bidgce was killed on that river, and found to measure somewhat more than ten feet. We have very good reason for believing that the statement is not exaggerated. Snakes of greater dimensions were killed on tho Murray twenty years ago. Insolvency. — Schedule filed, Thomas James Lodge, of Brcadalbnnc, road contractor. Liabilities, 1 809/. 8s. Assets, 409/. 13s. 2d. Grbsfell, Emu Creek.— It is notified that a , post office has been established at the abovenamed place. ' Petty SESsroxs. — On Wednesday the only case i called was that of Sullivan v. Cunningham, for larceny. The enso wns postponed for n week, owing to the prosecutor being in hospital from the effects of an accident. Bush Imres. — A largo hush fire is raging at the Springs, near Yass, One commenced on tho plains, but wns oasily extinguished. Breadalbane. — The now Catholic church of St, Bridget, at Breadalbane, was opened yesterday (Tuesday). — Ooulburn Herald. Parisii Road, — With reforenco to the Govern ment notice, dated 21st September, 1866, relative to the opening nnd making of a parish road, from the Great South Road near Yass, passing through the village of Gundnroo, to the road from Querin- beyan to Collector : notico is given, that no objections hnving been made to tho proposed road, the Governor, with the advice of the Executive Council, has been plcnsed to confirm thesaid road; and it is therefore horeby declared expedient to open and mako tho road referred to, with a deviation, nccording to the plan and book of re ference to he seen at the office of the Survoyor- Genoral nt Sydney, nnd at the police office, Yass; nnd all persons intending to- claim compensation in respect of the said line, are reminded that notice must be served upon the Colonial Secretary within forty days from tho date hereof, (January 8) in such manner nnd form as nre provided hy tho sixth section of tlio act, or they will be for ever foreclosed from such claim. — Government Gazette. Piucf. of Wheat, &o.;, at Tumut. — The Tumut Times says :— As our market prices nre complained of ns being incorrect, we desire to inform our renders that nt the present time it is exceedingly difficult to obtain a correct list. Wc have heard of wheat having changed hands nt 4s., 3s. 3d., nnd even at 2s. per bushel, hut which of these figures is the ruling price no one seems to know. Maize, oats, nnd hay aro nominal, and until the produce market is firmer and prices less fluctuating we think it best to abstain from quoting rates that may convey a false impression, and mislead our agricultural fricndB. We believe we are correct in stating that 4s. is ahout the figure for wheat in tho ordinnry courso of business, but when large advances are required to be made the price is naturally lowered, and by publishing such prices, producers are led to believe that that is tho market rate, whereas it is only a nominhl price. Tnn Wheat and Flour Markf.t at Goul- nunx. — Tho Goulburn Herald remarks: — Wheat and flour have undergone a decline. Tho former is now being bought at 5s. per bushel, nnd tiio latter is quoted nt 16/. per ton. As fears liavo been expressed in many quartets that wliont will fall as low as 3s.. or oven 2s. per husliel.it may ho as well to call attention to the paragraph in the Sydney commercial report in our last issue, in which it is stated that orders nre in the colonial market to purchase for England at about 5s. This must, at any rate, prevent the price in Sydney receding below tlmt figure, As to the 'prices' "likely to rule in the country districts, it will depend very much on tho pecuniary position of the farmers. I f tliey aro able to hold hack a portion of their wheat, bringing no more to market than will keep sup plied the current demand ofthe district, better prices will liu obtained and tho qunntity remaining oyer may lie husbanded against a season of scar city. li. however, tlio whole produce oftho dis trict is rushed into tlio market, much must be purchased with a view to its being sent out of the district, and prices must fall sufficiently low to pay carriage and loavo a margin for risk and cxpen- es. Breach of the Police Regulations. — At tho Braidwood Police Court, on Thursday, senior-con stable Watson was, on tho information of sergeant Duffy, charged under the Police Regulations Act with having, on the l-lth December last, been guilty of misconduct, by inducing Alexander Bradley, a prisoner of tho Crown, to withhold information in a case in which he was a witness, tho Crmvn v. Conncll; Mr. Scarvell appeared for tho defendant, who pleaded not guilty. — Mr. super intendent Orridge intimated to tlio bench that ho had instituted the present proceedings in conse quence of instructio s which ho had received from the inspector-general to havo the onso inquired into. Alexander Bradley deposed as follows: I am a prisoner in Braidwood gnol ; remember coming up Irom Sydney on n Friday, nnd being handed over to the charge ot Mr. Watson at Xelligen. in whoso charge 1 continued till I reach ed Braidwood ; had a conversation with Watson ; he asked mo if I knew what I was coming up for ; told him I did not; he said I wns going up to give evidenco ngainstrpoor old Mick Connell, and if I knew anything not to say anything about it; I told him that if I wns put on my oath I would have to speak the truth: lie then said something about Carroll, a man dismissed from Dnrlinglmrst, who had come up from Sydney to catch Tom Clarke, hut who was taking up a lot of poor devils for giving the bushrangers a hit of grub, and that lie and his party were a lot of rubbish : this took place between tlio blacksmith's shop and lockup; no ono else was tliero at tlio time. To Mr. Scarvell : Was tried for highway robbery ; was guilty; have seen Mr. Carroll; first saw liiindown at the gaol beforo being examined as n witness, and beforo I made any stntement in court ahout a conversation between Watson nnd myself; had a privnto interview with him on that occasion ; bo asked me who brought mo up. nnd on tolling him, lie asked me if Watson said anything ahout him ; told him what Watson said: saw him ugairi, hut ho said nothing further about Watson ; saw iiim yesterday evening in a private interview for a minute or two ; not a word was said about Wat son : I sworo in this court on Thursday week last that no conversation took place between us bey md his saying that I came up as n witness in Comiell's enso ; said that because I did not rightly under stand what you meant when L replied to your question; between the timo that I made that statement on oath and the time when I made tho charge against Watson, had another interview with Mr. Carroll ; I beiievo that constable Baker enmo with us after wo left the steamer to the black smith s shop ; did not notice whether he remained thero while the irons wore being taken off mo ; the conversation referred to between me mid Wat son took placo after the irons wore taken off mo aud when wo were going up to the lockup at Nelligon , swear that cunstablo Baker did not go with us to tho lockup. 'J'o the bench: Did not notice any one near enough to hear the conversa tion.— Constable Baker, mounted constable station ed nt Moruya. deposed: I escorted the prisoner from Sydney to Nelligon, where I handed him over to .senior-constable Watson on the wharf: Watson took him to a blacksmith's shop, near Guy's i I went with them: I continued with him till tho irons' were knocked off: senior-constable Tiglic met us beforo wo gut to the blacksmith's shop : the three of us wero with him: after the irons were knocked off we started altogether to tho lockup : left them at Flood's, nud caught them in about one hundred nnd fifty yards just us they were going into the lockup: Tighc and Watson and prisoner were together: while I was present t heard no conversation between prisoner nnd defendant : prisoner was between the two con stables : 1 think W utson was on tho right hand side of him. — Mr, Orridge not having been aware that constable " igiie's evidence was so necessary to the case, applied for a remand for a week to ootain his presence. Tho remand was granted. — Another charge of the same kind was preferred against the saino defendant for allovving prisoner to hold a conversation with James Griffin on tho road from Nelligon to Braidwood, hut after the evidenco of Bradley hnd been taken, the magistrates were ot opinion that the conversation in question did not take plate under such circumstances as to have permitted anything improper to havo passed between prisoner nnd Griffin, and the charge was dismissed, — 13 raid wood Hispateh. Council of Education. — Those members of too Council of Education who aro in Sydney, namely, Mr. Parkes. Mr. Arnold, and Mr. Allen, held another meeting yesterday (Monday), Mr. Arnold in the chair. Thoy inspected the property in Fort- street-, which by tho virtue of their office is now vested in ihem, nnd afterwards discussed n variety of topics relating to public education. A. circular, to he addressed to the masters of all tb schools which were under the National Board u - to the 1st January, notifying that these schw-": were now brought under the Publio Schools A.' and tlio Council of Education, was agreed to ; a. . J it was resolved to notify liy advertisement !b the Council were now prepared to reeeivo nppli. :- tions for tho establishment of suhoois under t'w- provisions of the act. It wns also determined ; . offer a premium of 10/. for the most appropr-.i;-: design for a corporate seal. A variety of oiii!'.. matters were discussed, hut pending the preparation of regulations nothing further of consequence v. v. s agreed upon. Wo notice that tho Public Solr-ii : Act, in pamphlet form, is advertised for sale . the Government Printing Office, and hy the Clerk ; of Potty Sessions tlirought the country, and for ti: , small sum of one penny. Herald. The Coun..i? met ngnin on Wednesday and determined upon tin staff of tho office. The following appointment" will be made at a future meeting: chief clerk, 150/. per nnnum ; cashier, 350/. per annum ; ac countant, 300/. per annum; two junior clerks, 125/. per annum encli. Tho Council are open to receive applications for any ot thc.su offices. The arrange ments now decided upon will effect a saving of 000/. per nnnum. as compared with the cost under tho National nnd Denominational Boards, owing to the fact thnt thero is now only one administration instead of two. — Empire. Romance in Real Life.— A Taradale corres pondent of the M. A. Mail sends the following:— ' A rather romantic incident occurred on board the Great Britain on her nrrivnl in the Bay lost Wed nesday. and thereby hangs a tale. In the earlier days of the gold discoveries, one of the sons of a very respcotnble family, living somewhere among tho fens of Lincolnshire, wns nfliicted severely with tho gold fever, and with little ndo mude his adieux, and sailed fpr the sunny shores of Australia Felix. Of course, like most of us, he only intended to stay here for a year or two — just long enough to make his pile. However, lie arrived safely, nnd, hardly deigning to look at Melbourne, rushed up the country to secure somo of the big nuggets that were waiting to be picked up. Well, he didn't make his pile all at onee, but stopped here long enough to become- " quite colonial." That is, in the first place, he dropped writing home to his relatives 1 altogether, donned a red "sash and a pair of ' miller's moles,' many a time and oft, "with his swag for his pillow, made his resting-place the questionable shelter of a she-oak. or tho odourous I hade of a peppermint bush, and woke up in the I morning to find himself the cynosure of the eyes of ft thousand ' bulldogs,' on whose nest he plant ed his not very elegant waterlights.' with his feet in them. He had also acquired considerable ex perience in the arts of woml-spiitting. shepherd ing. diamond-cracking. &c.;, and had once emulat ed the profession of a literateur. by supplying the current gossip of the village he was then in to the nearest newspaper, at the handsome remuneration of 7s. Cd. per column. Being out of luck about the time of the starting of the waterworks, our hero sought and obtained employment on one of the contracts, whero wo will leave him wliilo we mention that towards the latter end of 1865 his father died, and left his property, which was very considerable, to be divided amongst his three sons. The propria persona of the wanderer was required "before the terms of the will could be carried out, and accordingly strenuous efforts were made to discover his whereabouts, but without effect, till one day bis eldest brother — of course the scape grace was the youngest son— henrd that he had beon seen at a small digging township in Victoria, and with this faint clue determined to brave the dangers of the deep nnd search tor the lost one 'himself. Well, our hero, who we left on tho water works, by dint of careful economy had managed to avc a few pounds, nnd at Christmas determined to take advantage of the cheap trains nnd enjoy a trip to Melbourne. Ills limited means would not, however, allow of tho purchase of a hcliday suit, and so. not to be spoiled of his pleasure, ho went down " in the rough." Being at Sandridge, and hearing of the arrival of the Great Britain, he thought ho would like to have a look at tho good old steamship, and so chartered n smnll boat to take him on board. Arrived there, curiosity prompted him to inspect the passenger list, nnd, glancing through the names, one mer. his astonish- ed gaze which rather startled him. Could it bo his steady-going eldest brother, who nevor to his knowledge had been twenty miles from home P He would inquire. The first person ho reached he ac costed with the query, did he know So-and-sh on board P ' That's my name !" " But you ain't Charley .of P'' " Yes, I am ; but (look ing at the seedy habiliments of bis interrogator, ' and at the same time a gleam of doubtful remem brance of tho features passing through his mind) -you can't be Ted P" Mutual recognition "followed, and the astonished nnd delighted pair made the best of their way on shore, and will, we believe, our hero having thrown up his billet on the waterworks, soon make tracks for the vicinity of tho fens, whero tho unsuccessful gold-diggor will be able to settle down comfortably in opu lence, and, we hope, happiness. Sam-: of Pastohal Phoperty.— Messrs R. and IV. Oakcs sold at auction, on Monday last, the "Mara Creek Station, on the Lower Mncquarie; tho run comprises about thirty- two thousand acres; there are supposed to bo a thousand head of cattle on it, but that number is .not guaranteed. There was a spirited contest, nnd Mr. It. Ridge, of Windsor, who has stations adjoining, was declared the pur chaser, at 52501.— Telegram to Herald. Kerosene Explosion. — An accident of a pecu-- 3iar nature occurred early on Wednesday morning at the of Mr. Robert Boufflor. Anson-street, Orange. Mrs. Bouffier was alone in the house, and, ns was their custom, wa9 sleeping with n kerosene lamp 'burning, when, from some unexplained cause, probably from the flame coming in contact with the oil, tho lamp burst, enveloping the room in flames, destroying tho calico lining of the house, together with a largo quantity of wearing apparel, nnd materially damaging the furniture. Mr. J. Atkinson, roused by Mrs. Boufflor's cries, who "hurried out en dishabille, was quickly on the spot, and succeeded in arresting tho flames, otherwise tho damage which might have ensued would have been very great. The loss sustained may bo -estimated at from 201. to 301.— Western Examiner. WnY tii e. Victorians were Beaten.— Writing on the disgraceful beating tho Sydney gave tho Melbourne Eleven, tho Gcelong Register says: — " Victorians ought to be ashamed of tho thorough thrashing they have received nt the hands of New South Welshmen lately. Our riflemen liavo been worsted, our racers left all behind, and our cricketers shamefully beaten. This ought not to be. Having tho largest population, it is only rea sonable to suppose that we should havo a larger number of persons who excel at those kind of out door exercises that have become established insti tutions wherever a British people nre to bo found. It may be that New South Wales has n superior breed of horses, and we rather incline to tho belief th.it she lias, although considering the expense that . Mr. Fisher, Mr. Austin, nnd others have incurred to import the best blood stock, tho superiority ought to be the other way. With regnrd to cricket, however, it is certain that if due care were taken, and proper arrangements made, this colony would be ns victorious as she is now ingloriously beaten. The best cricketers wore not sent to Sydney, and those who did go had not practised together pre viously as they ought to have dono in order to ensure success. If the cliqucism of the Melbourne club is first of all to prevail in tho choice of the men, and tho men when chosen nre to neglect the ordinary precautions, defeat is of course inevitable. Wo should bo glnd to see a team got together, with (Wills as their captain, to play our representatives in Sydney when they return. We venture to be lieve that Wills could pick an eleven that would thrash them as unmercifully as they were thrashed : by the Sy'dney men. We should like to see this 'tried, because it would show that, while the nominees of the Melbourne club havo been beaten, -our Bkilful cricketers havo in nowise suffered do- feat. Tommy Wills, what Bay you to this pro posal P'' (A -Nice Lot. — Somo time ago public attention was onllod to a disgraceful scene which occurred -near Gibraltar, arising from the unexpected return from New Zealand of an injured husband, Mr. W , to his faithless wife, who had been consoled in his absence by a gay Lothnrio, named A. Our readers may remember that the infuriate husband pursued the destroyer of his household happiness (who was almost in a state of nudity at the time) across sludge dams and water pools, until he effected his escape under oover of the darknoss of the night, Tho fluaband then returned, and, after threshing his wife for her inhdehty. again left his home. It now appears that after W— " s second departure, A— soon found bis way back to the habitation of the wife, and took up his abode with her as before. Thus the pnir lived togother in apparent security till Sunday last, when like the ghost in Don Juan, to mar their happiness,' the husband again made his appearance, accompanied by a horse and; dray, for the purpose of tnking the wife of his bosom and his household gods awny from the sphere of A— 's attractions, 1 lie second nut of the domestic drama then commenced by W — administering to his wife a sound connubial " lambasting," while the cause of tho mischief, A—, sat on a heap of tailings a short distance off; and gave vent to his exoited feelings in a flood of briuy tears. At length think ing thnt the chastisement hnd gone fnr enough he delicately interfered by poking in at the door a pole some ten feet in length, following up the attnek with a shower of stones. The weeping Helen was then permitted to step outside in rather a state of dishabille, and while she dressed A— went in nnd " bearded the lion in his den." A combat ensued of _tne most determined description, both combatants . being covered with wounds and blood. After a while, however, an adjournment was made by all , the parties to a neighbouring store, where some \- slight refreshments wore partaken of, and the dis- consulate lady asked the advice of the bvstandcrs as to what her course of conduct should be. " How happy could I. bo with either, were t'other dear charmer away," was the burden of her lament, and it was evident that of the two, the illegal lord was most to her liking; but legitimacy conquered, and she agreed to accompany her husband to other fields and pastures new. A. most nffecting tableau took place. when the farewell began between those . -.who had " loved not wisely .but too well ," and .kneeling down, like Norma, A — , in tones tremulous .with emotion, oommonded the (his) child to the .oar.0 sf fond mother. Part of tho house was then pulled down, tho chariot was mounted by the the reunited pair, and A — was left lamenting. — Majorca Independent. Holi.oway's Ointment and Pills. — Importnnt to Everybody. — For more than thirty years these remedies have been ranked before all curative agents, for the all sufficient reason that they never can ho wrongly used in external or internal diseases. Hollowny's ointment should be well rubbed on the throat and chest in sure throat, enlarged glands, chronic cmgh. nnd wherzings. In common catnrrh f| and influenza, the ointment, well rubbed upon the I walls of the chest, aided by a few dozes of the pills, soon effects n cure. Tho same treatment, judi ciously followed up, removes diphtheria, asthma, bronchitis, pleurisy, and prevents the deep inflam mation resulting in nlisceHs or ulceration, so apt to ensue when throat or chest complaints are ne glected. 