3JAMSGATE. —OPENING OF THE NEW BENEDICTINE COLLEGE OF ST. AUGUSTINE. Qu.Moaday, the' 9fch of September,, the now Benedictine QoJUege of St. Augustine,; Missionary' pf England, was solemnly. opened for the recep-, tion of students; The buUdinc to which the fathers have removed their schools is a beautiful and chaste Specimen of Victorian Gothic, from the designs of E. Welby Pugin, Esq; It was built a few years ago. for the Rev. Alfred Luck, , ? — - — »s# »w»vwu *\j&v; AV UU UUC U1UU1WO XJL I*1XC»U \J I * dor, for love of whom he had' already founded the adjacent monastery. From any one of its simple windows can be seen the sea washing the cliff, whose summit is crowned by a pile of Gothic buildings,' rarely equalled, certainly nowhere. surpassed m .England. The missive flint church, with its sombre walls and square towers, already Venerable and weatherworn,; the monastic clois ters and buildings, the. substantial grange, aud at the top of the hill, high above all, the rising college, with its fair proportions and bold orna mentation, together form a group which a ' pain* ter might, envy. To the right stretches for many a mile that bay on whose shore St- Augus tine of England disembarked. In front are the downs, with their forests of nasts ; to the left of the harbour, beyond which stretch the fatal Godwins j and in the- distance the cliffs of Calais may.be descried witn the gilded Vanes of its churches flashing back the autumn's sun. Inside many a quaint carving meets the eye ; : and as we wandered through.suite after suite of lofty, rooms, and de scended tho noble staircase into the vast hall, whence branched off study-place, refectory; and chapel, we could riot but dbme to the conclusion that, fortunate as other colleges may be in other respects, thereis ,.npt; one in England that can vie with Si. Augustine's in healthiness and beauty of situation. It is the only English Ca tholic college on the sea coast; and, as Rams gate is proverbially healthy, and the college is built in the healthiest and most fashionable quarter, we may safely venture to predict for it a fair amount of success, especially since it affords such advantages to delicate boys, for whom the peculiarly bracing air of Ramsgate.is eminently fitted. At eight o'clock a solemn vo tive High iMass of the Holy Ghost was sung in the Ladye Chapel of St. Augustine's Church, at which all the students- assisted in cassock and surplice, going to commuuion in the Mass, an example followed by several of the congrega tion, who thus testified their interest in tho work — a work which the day before had received the blessing of his lordship the bishop of the diocese. At ten o'clock the whole community, with the students and some friends' assembled in the college chapel. The Very Rev. Father J. Wilfrid- Alcoek, O.S.B., visitor ot the Anglo-Uelgian Province, accom panied, in solemn proeesaion, by all present, blessed the house, and the monks and choir singing suitable psalms as the Ioug train wended its way through corridor antl hall, from room to room, back to the chapel, where, the concluding Dravers havinsr been said, the Ve.n.1 ftventa* iv.. sung, and the help of the Holy Ghost again im plorod. This finished, the procession re-formed, and all assembled in the study- place, where a statue of the Madonna, the gift of Miss Cookson, a lady whose interest in all that concerns the monastery is of the warmest, was blessed and dedicated according to the pontifical, the choir chanting the psalms and antiphons in the true monastic style. The prizes were then distri buted to those who had deserved them during the past year. The prizes being distributed, the Very Rev. Visitor, in feeling ard appropri ate terms, addressed the boys, announcing to them that they were solemnly put under the par ticular patronage of SS, Anne and Placid, and that, as they were being, educated by the sons of St. Benedict, they themselves must pray to be imbued with the special characteristics of the Benedictine Order, obedience and love of study. He commended the professors to the studeuts and the students to the professors, and then, after sinking in the monastic chant the Ave Maris Stella before the newly-erected statue, the boys were dismissed to inaugurate their new play- ground, the inviting neatness and. trimness of which must, we fear, soon disappear. Mate rials for a large gymnasium have been kindly promised, and books, &c;, for the library, by various kind friends of the boys, amongst whom we must .always reckon Captain Count Rivarola, whose appearance in choir at the High Mass, and presence during the ceremony proved the lively affection which he bears to the Order, an' effec tion as heartily reciprocated on the part of both monks and students. To the infant college we heartily wish that measure «-f success which tho beauty of its position, and the excellence of tho education therein given, so justly claim for it. xvir. mawiew Arnoia jias drawn a no very pleasant picture of the Englishmen's contemyt for the foreigner, nor did Tliackeray spare that most detestable of all specimens of vulgar pride —the ignorant Englishman abroad. They rush into the churches, ridicule the service and insult its worshipers. If the French authorities were as jealous of their churches as they are of their public statues, many of these insolent tourists would,, long since, have met with the punish ment that has been so justly accorded to Mr. Edmund Sweeting, ouc of three Oxford students who took it into their heads, whilst staying at Dinan, that it would be a capital joke to deco rate the. statue of the heroic Conu6'table du Gu'esclin, erected in the priucinle square of' that town, with a chamber utensil, which, as Gdignani'tvuly remarks is geuerally kept out of sight. Our three 'faat men' then started for St. Malo, with the intention of embarking at' Jersey. The police, however, were too sharp for them, and telegraphed, only succeeding, bow-, ever, in capturing Mr. Edward Sweeting, who naturally refused to give up the name?, of his friends! He stated to the judge of tho Tribunal of Correctional Police that he 'had ?no intention of insulting France. Tho j'udgt;i 'aaidho did not 'believe him:; 'besides^ Fi'jMu:e; ia abwve the insults of any individual who may commit euch ' acts.' But among ' the ^English — r who,, in general, carry so far their respect for authority-— there- are so«ne whtf-ijirve ' ' , ??::.- '?..:...:,:? : ' '7V.;. .*?.»* Aot1 yet fb%ott^'-tfielfpaii^'iatid 'it ' is painful ^o see youngs taen !.&elongingito-rone; of the great English universities, whom .) we welcome ao cordially, outrage the glories of Brittany, and attempt to revive the hatred of former days, ?jf'hus, only recently a number of young English men at Lehon wantonly danced- on the tomb of Beaumanoir. ' A Frenchman would not commit sach acts, and if anything causes astonishment it ia that you should have selected for such .a shameful manifestation the statue of a man who defeated the Englishmen, but to whose grave your, countrymen rendered tne greatest nomage. Ab the accused did not appear to have the re niotest idea of the facts alluded to, the judge added : 'I think the students of Oxford would do well to study the history of France.' We trust that the end of his short term of imprison ment will find him a wiser and a sadder man, and that it will be a lesson to other English sparks abroad to respect the religious and national feelings of others. .......,? f: ..-.. The Trades Union CommieBiqn is now in sessioti . at Manchester, arid it seems that the organisation of the brickmakera at Stockport is as perfect, in its way, as that of the Sa'wgrinders at Sheffield. One. who had been, for some time secretary of the.' association, gave this, charming piece of evidence :— All important business had to be determined oh at a general meeting. The meetings I would appoint men to wait- upon an offending master, and exhaust every legal means to induce him to comply. There was then a general meeting, and, of course, they knew what had to be done then was unlawful. About 150 to 300 men attended these meetings. . . . It was not settled who were to execute these things, but it was left to the Secretary, treasurer, and president, to say how much' should be paid. 'mere - was generally a number of men who were .ready to execute these affairs. The money for these outrages was generally entered before the auditors came as 'expenses,' the auditors full well understanding what it meant. ' Onlv a small ; minority; expressed a disapproval of these acts, but, of course, the majority decided. When horses were to be destroyed or bricks spoilt, it was not mentioned in general meetings ; but the expenditure of money for such purposes was .generally understood among the members. There was usually four or five cases^ of this kind to be settled while he was in office, and he understood it was so now. From further evidence we learn that when they went to destroy 20,000 bricks belonging to an offending master, a policeman was shot, and that Manchester, Oldham, Wigan, Liverpool, Sheffield, St. Helen's, and Birkenhead unions subscribed to the defence of the men who committed the murder. A Mr. Teslow had also given offence, so they determined 'to ibottle him.' This innocent and amusing process con sisted in preparing bottles filled with naptha, blasting powder, and slug bullets, and throwing them into the bedroom through the window. Fortunately for himself, Teslow was not in th« room. We have also a very characteristic ac count of the manner in which they paid off Mr. Sheply at Hye :— John Ward and L/says the witness, watched with John Henson outside the stable.- John Ward took a razor, ; and he and Thomas Barlow went in. They had settled they should hamstring the horses. They came out and said they had done the job,— hamstrung the two horses. I saw the razor, but cannot say as to seeing the blood. We had £10 for it or £2 10s. each. The razor was thrown iDto the canal. Well may Lord Abercorn congratulate Ireland on the total absence of any such association in that country. Irishmen are ever ready to j eopar disi their own lives for their country ; but they would ,not enter into societies that advocate and commit cold-blooded murder. ' . A Fknian Informkr and his Revolver.— . Our reporter informed us on Thursday that Gbry don, the Fenian informer, was in Liverpool, and u.*u paio. a visit to tne police-courts in Dale* street, in company with two detectives. About ten o'clock on Thursday night a respectable man, who gave the name of Francis Smith, hat and cap manufacturer, 105, Whitechapel, called at our office and said that Corydon had threat ened to shoot him. We referred him to the de tective office, but he said he had been there, and that Major Greig was out of town and Mr. Kehoe away, and that he had been adviaed to apply for a warrant this morning. He then went on to say that Corydon, whom he knew when he was formerly in Liverpool, first of all called at his Bhop in the forenoon and used abusive. language with regard to some letter that Mr. Smith had written to an Irish Catholic paper. Later in the day he again called, and on chis occasion h9 was nearly-drunk ; ho commenced in a strain similar to that in which he had indulged in the morning-; an altercation ensued, which Corydon brought to an abrupt termination by drawing from his pocket a revolver, and, with an oath, exclaimed, 'I'll look after you.' By-and-by he retired. We, do not authenticate this story, but as we have no reason to doubt that our informant is the gentleman he represents himself to be, we publish his statements. Our reportar was in formed that Corydon was to leave Liverpool on Thursday night for Ireland, in company with the officers.— Liverpool Post. A SporI-smah Decapitated by a Train — On Friday an accident occurred on the Lancaster and Carlisle Railway, toy which Mr. Joseph liitncaster, of Carlisle, mot his death. Deceased had been shooting in the neighbourhood of Southwaite. In coming towards Southwaite/ btation with the intention of returning to Car lisle by the passenger-train leaving at six minutes past eigH p.m., he went on to a line from a foot path, which runs along a plantation, a short dis tance south of the station. Here he was found about ten minutes after eight o'clock, lyiaa quite dead, with his head thee feet from the rails/and his feet over some signal wires, which ran about * !** «» height along th^ railway bauk. One ot ?his dogs was iound killed; and lying botwoea the rails at a short distance frota his master. The other, one was discovered/ standing over ?, Mr. Lancaster/and would not suffer any one to an proach the body, and was obliged to be forcibly rouwTed by moana oC a noose. Aa iuqii-j& was lield on Saturday, when the yerdict of 'Acci* Rental Death' was returned. ' ?» 