COUNTRY NEWS. The Murray at Echuca is 8 feet 4 inches above summer level, and rising rapidly. The Plains beyond Batesford now swarm with plover; many of them are of the spur-wing variety. The Ballarat Wood Carters now go for wood within a mile of the town of Smythes- dale. Mr James Henry Bakewell, of Daylesford died very suddenly on Friday night. He was an old colonist, and apparently much respected in his neighborhood. A Little Girl, three years of ago, daughter of a miner named Samuel Bettens, near Epsom, died on Saturday from the effects of injuries received the previous evening by her clothes catching fire. A Man named Michael Curry was com- mitted on Friday, at Kilmore, for causing the death of one Michael Herbert, a baker. De ceased was struck without any apparent provo cation, and having fallen on his head, concus sion of the brain ensued. The Trial of Howard's Steam Plough will take place on land at tho rear of the Cum berland Hotel, Smeaton, on Thursday next, under the auspices of the Smeaton, Spring-hill and Bullarook Agricultural Association. The trial will continue for several days, so that the district farmers will have an opportunity of fairly judging of the merits of the plough. Another Vineyard Return has been fur nished to the Geelong Advertiser by Mr Peter Diettrich, of Fyansford, who states that from five and a half acres of vines, in full bearing, he has obtained 12 tons of grapes and 30 hogsheads of wine. The saccharometer gives the strength of the Hermitage at 18 degrees. The strength of the white varieties ranges between fourteen and sixteen degrees. Mr Jeremiah Coffey, of Spring-hill, has, by the last mail, received a letter from a Mr Louis Duvan, Paris, in which Mr Coffey is ad dressed as a " brother exhibitor" (in French), and asked to assist the writer in making known in Australia the nature of his (Duvan's) exhi bits, reciprocity to recommend Mr Coffey's articles in France being promised in ex change. A very Heavy Flood is coming down the Murrumbidgee, as we learn from the Riverine Herald. The river has overflowed its bank at Hay to the extent of two or three miles on each side of the river. Cobb's coach has been unable to approach the township for the last four or five days, and the mails are conveyed in boats. A large number of drays have been delayed from crossing the river. In the neighborhood of Rochford the inhabitants have been frightened by what some call a ghost, and others a baboon. He has been several times seen in Mr Musty's pad dock, laying violent bauds upon the sheep, several of which he has killed, but has always managed to make his escape unhurt. The Lancefield Guardian remarks, "he is a baboon, and has probably escaped from the Zoological Gardens." A Quantity of Hay, about 100 tons, has within the past few days been pressed at Bal larat, and forwarded to Melbourne for shipment as fodder for horses on the passage to India. Mr Nicboll, of Armstrong-street, sent sixty tons, and Mr Laing, Creswick-road, forty tons. The Star remarks that " the time for the ex ecution of such an order was very opportune, and though without visible effect on the list of the prevailing low prices, the new demand had a favorable effect in relieving the market of an over-supply." The Lambing in Riverina, this season, is most favorably reported upon by the Pastoral Times : — " On many stations, the returns have been higher than for years past, the grass having given strength to the ewes. On some of the Billabong stations the returns amount to about 105 per cent., but they are rare — 85 and 95 per cent. is common enough. We hear that the returns of lambs for the whole of the Riverine plains are likely to exceed the esti mated quantity of two millions." Robert Sellars, late town clerk of Steig litz, was charged, at the local Police Court, on Friday, with not havingpaid over certain moneys belonging to the borough council. He had received on behalf of the council sums amounting in the aggregate to £243 18s, but of this amount he had only paid into the bank £218 4s 2d, leaving £25 13s 10d to be ac counted for. The defendant urged that he had not been aware of any deficiency ; he had endeavored to make it up, but had been unable to do so, owing to tho oppressive steps adopted by the council, and that he had no means of doing so at present. The bench sentenced the prisoner to three months' im prisonment. The Funeral of Michael Callinan, killed on Thursday at the Band of Hope Com pany's No. 2 shaft, took place on Saturday, and, according to the Star, " was remarkable as having been the most numerously attended of any private funeral in this district." Our con temporary proceeds to state that Callinan was 38 years of age, a native of Ennistimon, County Clare, Ireland, and, together with his parents and several brothers, had resided in the dis trict since 1853. "In the early days of gold digging, when rough methods of settling dis putes prevailed, deceased was always known as a pacificator, and had a good deal of in fluence over his countrymen. He fought on the popular side at the Eureka Stockade, and was wounded there on the eventful Sunday morning iu 1854. Of late he had not been very fortunate in the world, and leaves nothing behind for his widow and five children. We believe the company intends to do something for them and already a sum of money has been granted from their accident fund." 