THE PAN- ANGLICAN SYNOD. The following is the adresS of the bishop: To the faithful in Christ Jesus, the priests and deacons, and the lay members of the Church of Christ in communion with the Anedioan branch of the Church Catholic : — We, the undersigned bishops, gathered under the good providence of God for prayer and confi dence at Lambeth, pray for you that ye may oli- taiu grace, mercy, and peace from God our Father, and from the Lord Jesus Christ our Saviour. We give thanks to God, brethren beloved, for the faith in our Lord Jesus Christ, and the love towards the saints, which hath abounded among you, and for the knowledge of Christ which, through you, hath been spread abroad among the most rigorous races of the earth ; and with one mouth we make our supplications to God even the Father, that by the power of the Holy Ghost, He would strengthen us with His might, to amend among us the things which are amiss, to supply the things which are lacking, and to reach forth unto higher measures of love and zeal in worshipping Him, and in making known His name; and we pray that in His good time He would give back unto His whole Church the blessed gift of unity in truth. And now we exhort you in love that ye keep whole and undefiled the faith once delivered to the saints, as ye have received it of the Lord Jesus. We entreat you to watch nnd pray, and to strive heartily with us against the frauds and subtleties wherewith the faith hath been afore time. and is now assailed. We beseech you to hold fast as the sure word of God all the canonical Scriptures of the Old and New Testament, and that by diligent study of these oracles of God, praying in the Holy Ghost, ye seek to know more of the Lord Jesus Christ our Saviour, whom they reveal unto us, and of all the will of God which they declare. Furthermore, we entreat you to guard your selves and yours against the growing supersti tions and additions with which in these latter days the truth of God hath been overlaid; as otherwise, so especially by the pretension to uni versal sovereignty over God's heritage asserted for the See of Rome ; and by the practical ex altation of the blessed Virgin Mary as mediator in the place of her Divine Son, and by the ad dressing of prayers to her as intercessor between God and man. Of such beware, we beseech you, knowing that the jealous God giveth not His honour to another. Build yourselves up, therefore, beloved, in your most holy faith. Grow in grace, and in the knowledge and love of Jesus Christ our Lord. Show forth before all men by your faith, self- denial, purity, and godly conversation, as well as by your labours for the people among whom God hath- so widely spread you, and by the setting forth of His gospel to the unbelievers and the heathen, that ye are indeed the servants of Him who died for us to reconcile His Father to us, and to be a sacrifice for the sins of the whole world. Brethren beloved, with one voice we warn you. The time is short ; the Lord cometb ; watch and be sober. Abide steadfast in the communion of saints, wherein God hath grauted you a place. Seek in faith for oneness with Christ in the blessed sacrament of His body and blood. Hold fast the creeds, and the pure wor ship and order, which of God's grace ye have in herited from the Primitive Church. Beware of causing divisions contrary to the doctrine ye have received. Pray and seek for unity among your selves, and among all the faithful in Christ Jesus ; and the good Lord make you perfect, and keep your bodies, souls, and spirits until the coming of the Lord Jesus Christ. flaw— — Mi— The ingathering of the barley crops has com menced en several farms in the Mansfield district. The yield this year is rather light, but of good quality. In the Broken River district, wbere settlement is progressing at a rapid rate, the oats and wheat on Bome of the farms look splendid. Human-. — A blaek minister was closing his prayer, when some white boys in the corner had the ill-manners to laugh, so that the sable suppli ant heard them. He had said but a moment before, 4 Bless all that is human, 1' when the laugh cured; and commencing again, just before the 4 Amen,' the pious old negro said : 4 Oh Lord, we are not in de habit addin' postscrips to our prayers; but if de4spre-sion Bless all dat ishnmam,' won't take in dese wi< ked white fellow den We pray that de Lord will bless some dat ain't human, also, besides. Ameu ! ' — American Paper. A Singular Occurrekce.A Vessel De serted ox the Ocean. — A . correspondent of the Gazette of the Russian Academy, writing from Archangel, says that thfc slow approach of summer this year has occa-ioned disastrous consequences to a number of vessels which are accustomed to visit this port. He then mentions the following extra ordinary circumstauces attending the arrival of the ship : — On 26th J uue, there arrived a vessel, the captain of which declared, at the Custom-house, that he knew neither its owner, whence it came, nor its destination. The captain, au Englishman of the name of Turef, made the following dep si- tion On 17th June quitted the port of Tram- soe, in the English ship Eident, bound for Arch angel. On 18th June the course of the vessel was obstructed by fields of ice to such a degree that she could not be extricated. On the following day the Eident had suffered so many reverses that she was in danger of foundering and the captain and all hands would have perished had it nob beeu for the approach of the English ship Industry, on board of which they were taken by Captain M 4Betb. On going on board nothing was saved from the Eident. Tweuty- fonr hours subsequently the Industry hailed a Bhip moving along- in full sail. No response was given, as not a soul could be discovered on her deck. The strange vessel, whicfl proved ta be the Da Capo, had seven and q half feet of water in her hold, but flafl suffered no other damage. Captain Tqref nd his ore w were transferred on board, after having pumped out the water, and continued their yoyage until they arrived at Archaugel. All that can be learned of the mysterious vessel is its name. Whether it had been abandoned, or had. been the 1 scene of some terrible maritime drama, nobody knows — no document having been found on board giving any cine to its ownership. Strange to say, . there was a sufficiency of, provisions for the re- mainder of the voyage.— -Journal de St. Peters burg, 