VICTORIA. Sharks appear to be unpleasantly numerous in the Bay at present. Monday's Geelong Advertiser says" A ground shark, mea suring fourteen and a half feet in length, was exhibited in the market-square, on Saturday. It was caught by some fishermen, off Point Henry, on Friday, in their nets, as it was following a shoal of silver fish. The shark made a fierce resistance to his captors, and kept them for a long time at bay.^ The fishermen killed it at last by beating it over the head and upper jaw, when it vomited twenty-six young ones, which were promptly despatched. Another shark has been seen lately off Limeburner's Point, and a shout from a sailing; boat announced the fact to come lads bathing there, who, it is needless to say, beat a hasty and disorderly retreat to a safe position. Its length, judging from a cursory glance, was estimated at twenty feet. The dorsal fin was seen by several spectators as the fish glided stealthily along its course. A strange statement was made in the Smythesdale police court, on Monday last, by Mr Hamilton. That gentleman said that* three years ago, a man from Carngham was sent to gaol for having failed to find security to support his wife; and that the man had been in custody ever since, and, to all appear ance, was likely to continue so. The Granville Advocate makes the following remarks on this matter, with which we entirely agree :—-We are not aware whether the wife, for whom tiis three years' imprisonment has been suffered, is an angel, or the reverse 5 or whether the difference between the cou ple was the fault of the husband or of the wife, but it appears monstrous to prevent ^a man from obtaining the meaps of supporting his wife and family, because he cannot find security to tio so. This is merely one law for the rich, and another for the poor, and is a case which demands the attention of the Minister of Justice. If a man neglects to comply with an order to make a certain allowance for the support of his wife or family,let him be punished for non-compliance, but it is simply ridiculous to order a man to ' give security for the payment of a sum of money, who does not possess a stick of property in the world. The only means he has is obtained by labor, and this our law prevents him from doing." Appropriate Consolation.—Jobs com forters are most generally sneeringly alluded to when brought upon the tapis. It sometimes^ -however, does happen that one of ^ these individuals hits unwittingly upon a topic that does prove consoling,' as the following fact will illustrate :—A blooming widow, a few days: since, in company with a lady friend, was taking a stroll in the vicinity of the ceme tery, when, probably overcome by reminis cences of bye- gone days, she suddenly paused-, burst into a flood of tears, and gave strong symptoms of hysteria. Her friend, somewhat alarmed at such a public display, promptly remarked, " Don't take on so, dear, don t take on so—he's, buried in the best part of the cemetery." The sedative proved all that could be desired; the widow collected her scattered thoughts, smiled approvingly at her companion, and proceeded on her walk, her mind apparently relieved from that "perilous stuff " which had before weighed it down.— Geelong Advertiser, December 29. A most amusing snake story has been brought under our notice. It appears-that on Christmas day a servant in the employ of a well-known blacksmith, residing at Cardigan, was sent by the mistress of the house, to the dairy, where a cellar had been sunk for the purpose of keeping the milk coal. On this occasion the girl was engaged in carrying a quantity of pastry, &c.;, intended to be used on the afternoon of the same day, to regale a number of the host's friends. After arranging the greater portion of the luxuries referred to, the girl, in turning round from the shelf whereon the viands, &c.;, had been placed, discovered to her horror and amazement that she had nearly trodden on a snake. Although a recent arrival, she had heard of the deadly ^ nature of the animal, and was so terrified that she jumped on the shelf, thereby destroying the portion of the good things she had placed there for preservation from the heated atmosphere. The good woman of the house, who was close by, rushed to the rescue, not of the girl, but of the broken crockery ; but on seeing his snakeship, fainted with g t notice, much to the annoyance of her better half, irho, on arriving, imagined that much rejoicing had made them mad, but, on dis covering the cause, quickly despatched the intruder, which proved to be of the black species, and about eighteen inches long. Both the females remained in a state of insensibility for some time, and the servant, who was apparently disgusted at the position in which she found herself, left without notice.—Grenville Advocate, January 1. A Nice Lot.—Some time ago, public attention was called to a disgraceful scene which occurred near Gibraltar, arising from the unexpected return from New Zealand of an injured husband, Mr W—, to his faith less wife, who had been consoled in his absence by a gay Lothario, named A—. Our readers may remember that the infuriate, husband pursued the destroyer of his house hold happiness (who was almost in a state of nudity at the time) across sludge dams and water pools, until he effected his escape under cover of the darkness of the night. T&e; husband then returned, and, after thrashing his wife for her infidelity^ again left his home. It now appears that after W—'s seconc. departure* A— soon found his way back to the habitation of the wife, and took up his abode with her as before. Thus the adul terous pair lived together, in apparentsecurity, till Sunday last, when, like the ghost in Don Juan, to mar their happiness, the husbanc again made his appearance, accompanied by a horse and dray, for the purpose of taking the wife of his bosom and his household goods away from the sphere of A—'s attractions. The second act of the domestic drama then commenced by W—administering to his wife a sound connubial " lambasting," while the cause of the mischief, A—, sat on a heap of tailings a short distance off, and gave vent to his excised feelings in a flood, of briny tears. At length, thinking that the chastise ment had gone far enough, he delicately interfered by poking in at the door a pole some ten feet in length, following up the attack with a shower of stones. The weeping Helen was then permitted to step outside in rather a state of dishabille, and while she dressed A— went in and " bearded the lion in his den." A combat ensued of the most determined description, both combatants being covered with wounds and blood. After a while, however, an adjournment was made by all the parties to a neighboring store, where some slight refreshnents were partaken of, and the disconsolate lady asked the advice of the bystanders as to what her course of conduct should be. " How happy could I be with either, were t'other dear charmer away,'5 was the burden of her lament, and it was evident that of the two, the illegal lord was most to her liking ; but legiti macy conquered, and she agreed to accom pany her husband to other fields and pastures new. A most affecting tableau took place when the farwell began between those who had " loved not wisely but too well;" and kneeling down, like Norma, A—, in tones tremulous with emotion, commended the (his) child to the care of its fond mother. Part of the house was then pulled down, the chariot was mounted by the reunited pair, j and A— was left lamenting.—Majorca Inde pendent, January 1. As the mail steamer Albion was on her passage from Melbourne to Dunedin, one of the passengers, in a fit of temporary insanity, i caused by hard drinking before leaving Mel bourne, jumped overboard, and, although speedily recovered, was found to be dead. A passenger who communicates to us the par ticulars of the occurrence, says :—" The alarm of " a man overboard,' was given soon after noon on Thursday., creating intense excitement. Instantly all rushed to the lee bulwarks to catch a glimpse of the wretched being who had, from the forecastle, leaped the leap of death. He just then floated past the ship's waist in time to catch a life buoy, had he not been stunned by the ship striking him upon his reaching the surface of the water. With promptitude, the boatswain piped the men to launch the life-boat, by orders of Captain Kidney, who, at the moment had been engaged in his private cabin calcu lating the ship's position, but who rushed at once upon deck, and had the ship's screw reversed, and the launch ordered in one and the same breath. In the meanwhile eager eyes were watching the floating body, which by this time had become a black spot in the vessel's wake. By the time the boat was afloat, and taken charge of by the chief officer, the ship had backed so rapidly, that the body was then floating abaft the ship. A heavy sea being on, it was necessary to have a look-out man in the rigging, directing the boat's crew towards the evidently lifeless corpse. Within fifteen-minutes of the occur rence, the body was in the life boat, and rowed to the ship's side, whence i£ was brought on deck.' He must have been a man of great strength, being six feet three inches in height, and twenty stone in weight, and from forty to forty-five years of age. Subse quently, and for a lengthened period, whilst the slightest hope remained, every possible exertion was made by the stewards, and others, principally under the superintendence of Mr Sainsbury, the purser of the ship, who, in the absence of medical assistance, acting upon the printed directions for the recovery of the apparently drowned, endeavoured in vain to restore animation. After the lapse of a reasonable time, the body was sewn up, and once more committed to the deep. The poor victim, as was afterwards ascertained, had been suffering, previous to his coming on board ship, from delirium tremens. He was a Hanoverian by birth, named Francis Hoffmiester, wool-sorter by trade, and well known at the Belmont Hotel, Geelongy where he had lodged from time to time during the past five years.-4— Otago Daily Times, December 24. 