-.I cltitllani ýi ni o " zIorLsIOa." TUESDAY, SEPTEMBER .17, 1867. THE following letter, addressed to Mr. Pearson, member for the district, from the Mining Department, is refreshing, and speaks volumns for the caution which the Government exercises before com mitting itself to definite promises. The memorials praying for assistance to pros pect the country for an alluvial gold-field were forwarded to the proper quarter three months ago, and the reply to hand is dated the 12th instant, runnig thus: "Sir,-With reference to the subject of several memorials which have reached the Honorable the Minister of Mines through your hands, urging that the district of lippsland be prospected for deep auriferous leads at the public cost, I am directed to state for your information that Mr. Mac. gregor proposes to have the geological features of the district thoroughly examined, and until he has received a satisfactory re port, which he hopes to have at an early date, he is not prepared to come to a decision on the subject of the memorials above ro ferred to. "I have the honorto be, sir, "Your most obedient servant, " ?. BRaoUoo S Turlr, " Secretary for Minos." If by a thorough examination of the geo logical features of the country, the Minis ter of Mines means that he will send some of the officers of the Geological Sur vey staff to examine and report on the district, we doubt if he will be muehwiser when the scientific inspection is con cluded. We can fancy the Government stall" enjoying two or three days' shooting on some of the stations in \- North Gippsland, and after discovering, ee to their infinite satisfaction, a lyre-bird's te egg or some luaus nature of the animal it 7 kingdom, writing an elaborate account of their tour, informing the head of their ie-. department of the termination of their \- labours-that besides being awsre that emu and kangaroo are to be found in AL Gippsland, they are under the impression sor that gold in ?,onsiderable quantities has be been found inkhe'vicinity of Stringer's o Creek, and that the existence of anurifer ous quartz reefs has been proved in the Crooked River and Dargo districts, but that whether the golden treasures of Gippaland are confined to the lofty moun tains near the dividing range or have also rolled down and embedded them ,n- selves many feet below the surface in the extensive amphitheatre formed by the V. surrounding ranges, they are not in a on, position to say. The geological staff could, however, assure the Government that in the course of a few years the pro ith bloem would be solved by some persovering 'O private companies, when the staff would ih be in a position to report favourably on the discovery. If the Minister of h ines merely requires the opinions of scientific 3s men on the question of the existence of rd deep auriferous leads of gold in Gipps. ed land, he could very shortly be furnished at with satisfactory data to enable him to t.; come to a decision as to the advisability to of granting Government aid for pros m. pecting the country. Men of expe rience and possessed of professional knowledge have frequently visited Gipps. for laid, and : their snvariably expressed or. opinion is that the indications in the sur see rounding country confirm the belief that ce auriferous leads traverse the lower country at a considerable depth below the 9d surface. The mountains encircling the ea. country from the Baw Baw to Mount be Kosciusko abound with slate and sand se- stone, and other auriferous formations le- containing quartz reefs probably as rich le- as any in the colony, and the disintegra tion produced by storm and flood carried on for ages must have swept large quanti ties of the precious mineral down the ,e sides of the mountains, and deposited them among the accumulating debris in the country towards the coast. Practical Or. miners who have had many years expe. rience in alluvial workings in the Western \- districts have no doubt of the existence of deep leads in our plains. In nearly every A part of the undulating country where the ranges expend themselves in thelowlands, surface alluvial gronnd has been found, in many places (especially along the 50 banks of the various rivers) rich enough to pay ,for working if a permanent and sur cientsutply , of water could e be brought on? it~out the investment of a largo amount,o;?,capital. The district or offers every encoUragement to prospect. ors, and there is no lack of inferences that a rich gold-fleld may yet be disco vered, even within a few miles of Sale, but capital is required to' develop it. ar. It may be very reasonable for Goren. ment, when they have an expensive \- geological survey staff employed, to A. require an opinion from their officers on a question like the present, but the researches of the most accomplished theoretical geologists can add little to \- the information already supplied; and 'g even should-this contemplated inspection m be productive of the same sceptical ex pressions of opinion which have charao terised scientific reports in other parts of the colony, in districts which have afterwards proved highly auriferous, it will not prevent the ultimate disco. \- very of extensive alluvial gold-fields in K Gippsland. By adopting this course the Government, however, gain three months longer time before pledging themelves to grant any assistince. for the proposed object and therois the probability besides in store that the party sent out to examine ra the country. may report unfavourably. Whatever maybe the resultof the arrange ments made by the Minister of Mines, we trust the Gippsland Prospecting Associa. tion, lately formed, will not relax in their efforts until they bave succssfully accom plished the work they have undertaken ; r, a work which, if'carried on with energy and perseverance, will not only tend to the advancement of Gippsland.but to the prosperity of the colony in general. Latest.telegrams from Adelaide report that, wheat is quoted at from 4s 4d to 4s d 6d per bushel, for shipment. A large busi bs ness could be done at these figures, but r 'owing to the difficulty of obtaining tonnage, there art no transactions to report. The I Sydney markets remain unaltered. ' r Th'e courty etfMr. Collier, Postmaster of Sale, in keeptin ? oflcoo open for the de. livery of letters, afterthe arrival of the delt bourne mails, which is sometimes not before eight or nine o'clock in the evening, deserves special notice. On 'Saturday last, for the convenience of the'ipublio, the office was not olosei until ten o'clock, the mail having ar. I rived at half-past eight. - At a meeting of the lady members of the u Church of England, held at St:.Paul's Chriih, for the purpose of arranging a bazaar in aid c of the building fund of the Church, it was arranged that d bazaar be held on the 30th and 31st of January anid let. February next. - A most daring, but withal, unsuccessful, case of burglary occurred on Friday night, p within a few hundred yards of the police sta tion in Foster-street. Some person or per sons having got to the rear of the Receipt c and Pay Office, broke a pane of glass ino the -windows, and thereby succeeded in y unfastening the catch of the window so as to raise it, b' which moans ingress was obtained. An attempt was then made to break open the safe with a hammer and i cold ohisaeli the lock plato was cut away, but, nevertheless, the safe defeated every effort to open it, and the burglar or burglars retired without removing anything. It is more than probable that, whoever made the attempt were inspired with the idea that the money sent up to pay the Government debts i was kept in the office. This is not so, how-a over, so that had the safe yielded, the thief g or thieves would have been foiled. The police are using every effort to obtain a clue to the affair. It appears that the first works which the Bairnsdale Road Board contemplate xoecut- f ing are the construction of two bridges, one t over the backwater at the Mitchell River, and the other over Clifton's Morass, on the Boggy Creek road. l We regret to notice the rather sudden death of Mr. Jacob Inder, contractor, which took place at his residence in Sale on Sunday evening last. The deceased was in good health a few days previous to his death, and leaves a widow and eleven children to mourn his loss. The Cuninghame-street bridge Is progress- ing rapidly towards completion. The only case adjudicated upon by the l presiding magistrates at the Sale Police Courn on Saturday (V. It Foster, Esq., ir P.L, and Dr. Macdonald, J.P.), was one it in which Henry Thomas was complained n against by his late partner, Richard Mackay, n for making use of abusive language towards the complainant. The case had been sot down for hearing on a.previous day, but had been postponed in order that personal ser It vice might be effocted upon the defendant. Xf It was clearly proved in evidence that the defendant had applied sundry offensive epithets to the complainant, and the Bench ordered the former to pay a fine of 20s., together with 335. costs, and fees of court. a Mr. P. C. Morony, of Echuca, has boon If appointed clerk, treasurer, rate-collector, and t engineer for the Bairnsdale Road Board, at a salary of L200 per annum. Some of the miners in this district are anxious to know what has become of the re. s pealed bye-laws, passed at the last sitting of the Gippaland Mining Board. All the infor mation we can supply them on that subject is that the new bye-laws, about five weeks ago, were returned by the Crown Law offi cers for certain alterations. What has " been done with them since, we are not in a position to say. We presume, however, that no amendments would be legal, unless effectedby the Board in session.' In the insolvent court, on Friday, the t certificato nieeting in the estate of John r Hayes, Gippaland, bricklayer, was adjourned till the 4th October. The disgraceful practice of maltreating in offensive Chinese,is carried on with impunity in Sale. On Sunday afternoon a mob of boys, many of whom were verging into man. hood, assailed a Chinaman, in the vicinity of the Public Gardens, and amused them selves by polting the poor follow with stones and mud. Several of the missiles struck the man' about the face, and there is little doubt i but that he would have been severely injured had not a humane individual, who happened i to be passing, interfered, and prevented further ill usage. In other parts of the I lony severe fines have been inflicted for -assaulting the Chinese, and were a similar. rule to be adopted here, it would have a salutary effect in suppressing this shameful a proceeding. The bhunting season was terminated by a' first-rate day's sport with the local hounds ' on Friday last. At the appointed hour something like thirty-flvo persons assembled at the locality selected for the meet, Mr. John Campbell's Station, Glencoo. The dogs were thrown off by the' large paddock, and in a very short space of time they fell in with several kangaroo, which made in the direction of Port Albert at a fine pace, crossing the main road about seven miles' from Sale, and steering for the Tangil River,' but before any great distance had been traversed the pursued kangaroo " joined another mob of about fifty, in consequence of which the hounds had to be whipped off. The party then retraced their steps towards Glencooe, and a gigantic. " old man" wa. started, affording arattling run. He finally took to water-and stood at bay, when the dogs attacked him on all sides, and netwith. standing the adeptness with which he seized' the " creatures" and ducked them, succeeded in killing him after an exciting struggle. An adjournment was next made to the residence of Mr. John Campbell, where a sumptuous lunch had been laid out, and it was, as might be expected, done ample justice to by the sportsmen. A number of toasts, expres. sive of hope for the prosperity of the' club, the master, &c.;, were drank' with enthu siasm. There oonurred no loss than twenty-eight births within this district during the month of Angust, whilst the deaths numbered but nine in the same period. The principal causes of death were phthisis and disease of the heart, one fatal case of cancer in the stomach, another of pneumonia, and another of alcoholic poisoning also occurred. A rather serious accident happened onn Friday last to a man named Baker, driver of Oobb and Co's coach overland to Mel. bourne. Whilst the coach was passing over some crab.holes he was jerked off the box,' and in the fall suffer a fracture of the arm. The horses were stopped by some of the pas.' sengers and Baker was placeld in the vehicle I and conveyed to. Melbourne for medical treatment, another driver being obtained f from the' nearest halting place.: .-The Wesleyan Church bazaar was wound i up on Friday evening; the attendance on the h occasion was much more numerous than t usuaL Nearly all the saleable articles within a thebuildingweredisposed of. Thetotalnett ro- t ceipt are about £250--a most acceptable sum t' with which to supplement the fends of the h church. We have been requested by the rev. g Mr. Brown to thank those who were so si iberal in their donations in aid of the bazaar and the public generally for the share of A patronage they extended towards it. . e It will be seen by our telegram that the I bodies of the three children lost at Dayles. ti ford 'have been discovered. Two of tbd w children were hid in a hollow tree only 120 as yards from a house. The following local insolvency is gazetted : -John Garvin, of Walhalla, miner. Causes of insolvency : Losses on contracts for sa ing timber and expense of removing his family to the Shamrock. Liabilities, £48 6s. 6d.; assets, £13; deficiency, £35 6s. 6d. Mr. Moore, official assignee. The Bombala Timeu thus chronicles the tr arrival of a quartz crushing machine for the nc lancero distrlct :-" The first quartz crush- at ing machine for this district has at last ye arrived. It is well-known that several ts golden reefs have been at work for a consider. th able time, and had raised large quantities of th stone, smallportions of which the proprietors ti occasionally crushed, but in a primitive co manner ; waiting patiently until some onen ni felt inclined to introduce the requisite means ti1 to extract the precious metal on a largo scale. di, We are pleased to notice this spirited invest. wi ment; and as the machiss will have plenty me of work, a new state of things will bho in. thi augurated for the town and district; and by employment for those willing to work may be always be had. No doubt, when the reault eb, of the crushing is publicly known, we shall so have more powerful machines introduced; ; n but every success to the first pioneer who W1 shows the road io new sources of wealth and Th . The mails from Melbourne, owing to the miserable state of the roads, continue to arrive to later every day. On Saturday the coach did e not reach Sale before 8 o'clock at night, and Sunday's mail did not arrive at its dostina *o tion until 5 o'clock on Monday morning. d The public feel annoyed at thin delay, for r, getting that the contractors are allowed 3G is hours for the journey during the winter t months. Various alterations have been I suggested, among others that the up country r- mailsshouldnot leave until the maorning after t. the Melbourne arrival. It should, however, oe be borne in mind that with the strongest o representations, the post-office department h wouldgrant no change within a month at the least, and in very little longer than this, the roads will be so improved that the con n tractors will be enabled to complete the id journey through in twenty-four hours. Then a there would be an immediate cry for a returnto the former hours of departure to o up country districts' It would be perhaps better both for the public and the contractos f if the up country mails would leave at the usual summer hour, takingwith thomthopre vious day's Melbourne bags. By waiting, as ,s contractors do at present, and travelling w through the night, the public, when the a letters are delivered, have no opportunity of a replying by the return mail. By leaving at Sale at the usual hour, although they may as be deprived of Melbourne communications for a few hours longer, there will be ample time for return correspondence. This in ao convenience would, however, be only of short n duration, and taking the advantages and d isadvantages into consideration, we cannot see that it would be advisable to advocate na detention of the country despatch until 1 the following morning alter the arrival of the Melbourne coach, or even until after the y letters are delivered at Sale. VWe are of . opinion at the same time, that the demand of the Maffr people is a reasonable one, that t, to give them proper time to reply to their ,t oorrespondence the mails for that town ought d to leave Sale one day and return the day d following. d A meeting of the shareholders of the Good a Hope Tunnelling and Quartz-mining Com. r puny, Crooked River, took place on Thurs. ,r. day at the offieoo, 68 Temple-court. The a report and balance shoot having been road 11 and adopted, a model of the mine, showing the extent and nature of the work completed, a was submitted, and now lies at the com Is pany's office for inspection. Cr In the Supreme Court on Friday, the case a of Robertson v; English was brought on for . hearing. " This was an acnotion by Alexander to William Robertson against Adam English C, (late of the firm of Reynolds and English) to reover' £10,050 as liquidated damages for ao breach of a covenant by Reynolds and Eng. lish on the sale of their business for £12,500 to the defendant not to enter into or be in. r,1 directly concerned in the carrying trade "in n Melbourne, Ballarat, Sandhurst,Castleniaine, d Echuca,-Dniliquin, Geelong, Belfast, Warr. o nambool, Portland, Sale, Port Albert, or any c: ity, town, or place within the colony of Vim. toria or of New South Wales, where the plaintiff might for the time being be carrying on or engaged in such trade or business or A any branch or department thereof, or might within six months have had an establishment for the purposo." The pleas are substantially, i (a), That the plaintiff assigned to Carrick his business as to certain localities named, ) and that defendant purchased from Carrick the portion of the original business so as. a signed, and only carries that on. (b) That the covenant was bad as too widely and generally in restraint of trade. Mr. Miller, with whom Mr. M'Pherson appeared, argued the demurrers for the plaintiff. Dr. Mackay, with' whom Mr. Ireland, Q.C., appeared, argued the demurrrers for the defendant. The Court reserved its judgment. A man named Leighton was driving along Foster-street in a buggy, on Sunday evening, when one of the traces became unfastened, and the vehicle upset, throwing the occupant out roughly. . He sustained but little injury, however I not so the buggy, the body of which was smashed. The following gold.mining lease has been forwarded to the office of the Warden, for execution i-Oippaland district, Latrobe di. vision, No. 10, dated 2nd September, 1807, 15 years`; the Goldaborough Quartz.mining Co. (registered), an. 2r. 22p., £12 Is. 6d. The manner in which a coach-driver "took it out oP' a passenger who refused payment of fare is thus related by the Daylefford er. press.:-" On Tuesday night a fellow took passage in Cobb's coach for Daylesford, but got out at Porter's Hotel, and refused to pay his fare. Buck, the driver, gave the stranger the alternative of handing over the money or a sound thrashing. Electing the latter, Buck,' though a small man, fulfilled his pledge to the letter, but dislocated the knuckles of one hand in doing so. The passenger, however, gave the driver a scalp wound with a stone." At the meeting of the Victorian Cricketers Association,hold at Scott's HIotel, Melbourne, on Friday, the committee noticed that a Metropolitan eloven visited Gippeland, where two matches were played, one of which they won and lost the other. The association would gladly see these matches made annual affairs, to be played alternatively in Gipps. land and Melbourno, andl they learned with satisfaction that steps are being taken for a return match this season. Public curiosity was excited at Ruthorglen 1 on Monday, by the elopemecntol a young woman, the otep-daughtor of a storekleeper residing in WVanhgunyah, with a well-todo tradesman formerly resident in the first. named town, and now carrying on business at Eldorado. The bride is only eighteen t years of ago, although the bridegroom, it isa thought, believaed she was of full age, and t the mother and stop-father, being opposed to I the match, decided on taking steps to pucnish I the husband of the girl's choieoo. Theoyoung a couple took up their abode on the rwedding d night at an hotel in Rlntherglen, but early g the following morning their sleumbers were o disturbedl by tlhe arrival of the police,oharged al with a warrant for thIe happy, or unhlappy, zi man's arrest. The officors of the law execcuted V their duty, and persuasions, too, were used ti by others to induce the girl to leave her hus. g band, but with commendable determination ii abshe refused to be separated from him she had od so lately taken for better or for worse. The le case was to have come on for hearing at the oi Wahgunyah Polico Court tIhe following m Thuaday, but the impression is th.t the tu A lease for J. Flynn, Pleiades Range, of 7a. 3r. 15p., now lies at the Warden's office Walhalla, for execution by the lessee. Another splendid crushing is reported in Beechworth, from Kerry Eagle Reef, between Hurdle Flat and Rocky Point. It is stated that twenty tons of quartz from this claim yielded last week, when crushed, 800 ounces of gold. In the Supreme Court on Friday, in re y Masterton v. Gibney, an applicati' 'o r r the rule absolute reducing d am o. tr. r, F. L. Smyth for the rule; MIr. DaaW, .li st Harris and Mr. Spensley showawse°lr it Their Honoura dischargod the rule ?? ' to The following suggestive paragrp, iat, 9, from the Home News: .-, T..11U Folp " i. is the designation of a cartoon in a late u. so ber of the Tomnhawok. It rronse ,n Prince of Wales, as IIamlet, str, gius ,ts a John Bull, who, as Horatio, is hulit to back from pursuing the ghost of Ge~s I as to whom the Prince is saying ' )a thee l' The inference is obviou v . publication of such a picture is luelyd t e- of the times; for tho Toaw & hawl as Flanour in the Star) is by no moanas', ig Radical paper." It is another ai of th0 Lo times, which will probably have bees no If by those whoso inclination or whost dut 1g prompts their attendance at publia dinne ,y that while the toast of the Prince " l' 2s once so provocative of enthusiasm le received with comparative coldnu'o, no a. mention of the name of the PIri ces ttB rt forth unmistakeablo domonstrationi??f , id pathy and porsonal attachment. Qu ri? at verra.." s"t te The ballot.box stuffing at the recent eI il tion of borough councillors at baryborVno he seems to have brought the council isl 11 contempt; at all events, ifjthe followin.g. of port of a portion of the " proceeding? " ahe sd last meeting of that body be correct, the at council appear to be much less exacting i ir respect of their dignity than others would have been under circumstances which mst people would admit to be irritating. tf presenen of two burgesses seated in the body Sof the hall having been notified to the chair. man, these individuals were requested to . Stire. One of them (Mr. Garland) did so, bt Sthe.other (Mr. Samuel) took no noticeolfthe a request, and continued reading a newspap which he had in his hand. Cr. Willson: , think that if there is a rule it should be c tarried out. The Chairman: I auppose Co. Knight does not allude to the officer. Cr. S Knight : No; I don't think any distindion r should be made. I beg you will ask thl r burgess to retire. The Chairman: I quit agree that it is proper. What is right or one is right for fifty. I reallythink itahbo r great want of taste to sit in an improper place. Other burgesses sit in the body of th hall. There is only one gentleman who it, S here. Cr. Wilaon (after a pause): I second S the motion. Carried. Th Chairman: I would ask Mr. Samuel to go and take hi r seat in- Mr. Samuel: Well, if- The Chairman (peremptorily): I cannotallow Mr. Samuel If I cannot ask, possibly you o can exercise your right. The Chilrmai Will]you- Mr. Samuel: Possible I g I don't wish to threaten the council, bnt ht possibly they are assorting--- The Chair. t man : I cannot permit. Mr. Samuel You can put the motion if you. like. (Paus; Mr. Samuel looking hard at the paper.) The Chairman to the porter : Will you kindly Sremove- Mr. Samuel i I attend u a burgess, and have a right to sit in the body of the hall, and watch the administation of t the council's affairs. (Roaumod his Mt.) Councillor Taylor, sotto voces Take theehair Sfrom him, and give instructions to the hall porter not to allow any one to sit in the body of the hall for the future. The Chairmn: Mr. Murray, will you remove the chairnfln the body of the hall. The officer did as in structed, taking Mr. Samuel's chair away. SMr. Taylor advised the chairman to take no further notice of the matter, and the atfir ended by Mr. Samuel retaining his position standing, with the paper in his hand, which he appeared to be as intently perusing u over." At the Wood's Point Police Court, on th r 10th, Mr. John Whitelw, returniogoffictr for the borough, was proceeded against by Mr. Thomas Cawthorne for having reflsd the nomination of the complainant for a eat in the borough council. The refusalwasnot denied, but the defendaat made a statement, of (which the following is the subtantce: " After receiving tholnomination paper fron Mr. Cawthorne, he made inquiries from the town clerk as to what rate was entered against Cawthorne, and found that there was only L20; and as the act required at least L25 he did not consider that he should bo justified in declaring him elected, as he would be liable in the face of such fact tothe penalty of LO0. It appearedl to him that i he had declared Cawthorne elected he would be liable for LO, and if he did not declare him he was still supposed to be liable for the same amount. The act was a very co?. plicated one; Mr. Follows had given one opinion as to the reading of a certain portion of it, the Attorney-Genoral had given a totally different opinion. It was not there fore to be supposed that he-not being a lawyer-could arrive at the true interpr. tation. Mr. Ireland, the framer of the ast, when at Wood's Point, stated that ho did not understand it. It was therefore quite possible that he, as a layman, might hare been in error. The Bench inflicted a no0ni nal fine of Is." "Oatriches are popularly supposed to have a penchant for iron, to keep their digostihe organs in working order. We presume, hou'. over," says the Besulilo Independent, "'thit those birds swallow the raw material, as in an instanco that came under our notice yes torday of a domestic bird of a smaller species guzzling a pioes of the metal in a hot state. The result was anything but honeficial. INear a blacksmith's shop in Ironbark,, sveral ducks wore disporting themselvos in a streot gutter, assiduously searching for savoury morsels tlhoroin, when suddenly a bright. shining, tempting, golden tibbit casno whhi zing through the open doorway,of the son 01 Vulcan, alighting on the patromint. All their duckships mado as tcrriOeo ttrush tO gain the prize as over horses did for the wio. ing-post at tho *'inishl of a gi-at race, * one plump duck, just winning by half a be?k, bolted the glistening morsal in the twinldieg of an eye, but, to the wonder and amaze* mont of his feathered chuns, immeodis"l ' turned upon his back, stroetheod his legs out ylord contemporary contribnutes j lolwing amusing narrative :-At the g of the forenoon coach from Jamie yi.otel, yesterday, seated inside the .as a female passenger who the pro jday had been an unsuccessful but very ious and demonstrative plaintiff in ice court, and attached to the coach wiEr trunk, as big as many a digger's wor the safe transit of which and the to Malmsbury the booking-clerk do 1 a. Poverty was pleaded, and \--tllhe last copper she had "-was d in payment. Mr. Kcays was in. le; he would not trust to a promised ceo on arrival in Melbourne, nor he accept a deposit of. an offered lie hinted at the possibility of room ound in the coach-oflice for the box receipt of the requisite sum; but nly aroused the lioness in her don, otrophising the wickedness of Dayles. hich had taken off Margaret Graham's he bogged to assure Mr. Kayes that not come to the accursed place crucified and spit upon." Disclaim y such fell intent, he was yet un. t enough, to present the alternative ing 12s., or leaving the coach. She ppealed to her only fellow- passenger, or Nash, to lend a stranger the ro. amount, but he failed to obey her . Tears came to her relief, and inhumanity was impressively oerposed admiring onlookers. This over, she r. Kenys she could pay if she liked; his saying she must like, she said the money where his profane eyes not rest. Hie suggested a private in the hotel, but she with tragic is demanded a knife. With visions him of a coroner's inquest, and a adverse rider, Mr. Koays was con. ting a compromise, when he was ad. I with, " Give me a knife, wont't Instinctively and tremblingly he , when turning her back on the un thising professor, she cut a plant her stays, handed the clerk a pound got her change, and went her way, g her benediction with the people of ford in general, and police magis. ' wives, coach clerks, and professors of -biology in particular. old man over seventy years of age was d before the Sandhurst Police Court * ureday with shooting at Mirs. Plumnar, ied woman, residing at Lookwood. It that two of the complainant's dogs rked at prisoner as he was passing the on which he had threatened to "put a through her if she did not keep her neide." le passed again a few minutes* and the dogs again barked at him. lainant opened the door, and prisoner two shots at her, but without doing rm. The Bench considered that tihe ions of prisoner todo bodily harm were ade out ill the evidence, and discharged telling him that he had a narrow es. ording to the Ballarat Courler, " some ng scones occurred at the mooeting of reat Western Company, hold on Wed. y. The following caused loud and pro. laughter :-During some confusion a Wilson made a remark, Mr. Leos said, O are not of age.' Mr. Wilson-' Mr. man.' [Mr. Leos-' I object to him ing; he is not of ago.' iMr. Wilson went on to refer to the business before eoting, when he was again interrupted r. Hartland,nwho said, ' I will object . Wilson moves anything ; he is an t' (loud laughter), Mer. Wilson-' Upon authority do you make that statement I' FHartland-' Upon your brother's.' Mr. on-' lHe does not know what age I SMr. Itartland-' He said he was present or birth.' MAr. Boyd moved 'That they urn the meeting, to allow Mr. Wilson to' me of ago.' Not seconded. Mr. Wilson Vother I am a minor or not, I will k against dishonesty and roguery.' . Mr, land-' Do you apply those words to ' Mr. Wilson-' I am speaking to the rman.' ereo more interruptions aooured, after a little delay the business was on with." the Insolvent Court on Friday in re liam lsendorson Campbell. The insol t, a mining agent and mining manager, Melbourno, was in attendance. Sir G. lhen asked for an adjournment, to enable a. Canpbell to prove for a largo sum due er for alimony, &o.; Mr. Badham, on the of creditors, objected to any adjourn. t ; and asked why learned counsel was now instructed in all particulars to prove client's claim. Sir G. Stephen said there not been time enough sinse the seques ion. Mr. Badham objected to an ad rsment, which would put his client to the n5o of instructing him to oppose an ad. o claim. Mir. Albert Road, who appeared the insolvent, said that his client did wish for any adjournment; but loft him. in the hands of the Court, without op. ing it. Five debts were proved; aud the ting was adjourned to the 23rd inst. The diggers at the now rush at Wild Duck ? k, near Sandhurst, wore reduced to a to of actual famine at the begining of tihe ek, owing to theedelay in getting stores to o place, from the condition of the roady. o heavy rains of last week had made the mpasp0 and its tributary creeks quite im a.all.o, and, frot the total stoppage of pplie, those of the minoers who hadl not eserted the diggings were for a few days hjected to privations frone want of food oat equal to any revealed hy the accountst any Now Zeahlmd rushl. 1or two.days re was not a loaf of broad on the diggings, d only a fifty pound bag of flour, whichl was sided in panunecans amongst the starvinig en by the onlystorokeeper on the diggings Ir.vosse). On Wednesday night Mr. Ivess nt for a load of broad, and thirty-eighbt .avos were obtained at the Shlccnwash. bhe miners hoard that the cart had stuok t in returnin, about two miles froml the sh, and thoyeastenod out to the rescue, d mooting the cart, which hadl been got ot of the mud, surrounded it, and in a very w minutes all the loaves but two were 00, having been sold for Is. eachl. When ilr. Ivle got on the diggings with his two aves, which he had reserved for his own en, ho was stuck up by four hungry looking S ner-, who almoe demanded he loeaves or iif, he declinod to accede to their de ads. Some of the miners wenOt to Mr. ,,'Loan's station for flour, but their wants aFere not suplied. Had it not b1en for tihe apply of ef,. it is very probable there l havo be~en an alnest total desertion of the diggings for a time. So great ane ins .e-Cines louhic the famine produced on the innlg community that they have christened 0i 01l to which the disging is at proeont iconh ed " llungry.hill. 