THE CHURCH OF ENGLAND. The following is the text of the circular letter of the Archbishop of Canterbury, inviting the colonial bishops to attend a general synod of the church in London : Lambeth Palace, February 22 1867. Right Reverend and dear Brother request your presence at a meeting of the bishops in v visible communion with the United Church of England and Ireland, purposed, God willing, to be holden at Lambeth, under my presidency, on the 24th of September next and the three following days. The circumstances under which I have resolved to issue the present invitations are these The Metropolitan and Bishops of Canada last year addressed to the two houses of the convocation of Canterbury the expression of their desire that I should be moved to invite the bishops of our Indian and colonial episcopate to meet myself and the home bishops, for brotherly communion and conference. The consequence of that appeal has been that both houses of the convocation of my province have addressed to me their dutiful request that I would invite the attendance, not only of our own home and colonial bishops, but of all who are avowedly in communion with our church. The same request was unanimously preferred some of a numerous gathering of English, Irish, and colonial archbishops and bishops recently assembled at Lambeth, at which, I rejoice to record it, we had the counsels and concur mice of an eminent bishop of the United States of America the Bishop of Illinois. Moved by these requests, and by the expressed concurrence therein of other members, both of the home and colonial episco- pate, who could not be present at our meeting, I have now resolved-not, I humbly trust, without the guidance of God the Holy Ghost to grant this grave request, and call together the meeting time earnestly desired. I greatly hope that you may be able to attend it, and to aid us with your presence and brotherly counsel thereat, I propose that on our assembling we should first solemnly seek the blessing of Almighty God on our gathering, by uniting together in the highest acts of the church's worship. After this, brotherly consultations will follow. In these, we may consider together many practical questions, the settlement of which would tend to the advancement of the kingdom of our Lord and Master, Jesus Christ, and to the maintenance of greater union in our missionary work, and to increased inter- communion among ourselves. ' Such a meeting would not be competent to make declarations, or lay down definitions on points of doctrine. But united worship and common counsels would greatly tend to maintain practically the unity of the faith, whilst they would bind us in straight bonds of peace and brotherly charity. I shall gladly receive from you a list of any subjects you may wish to suggest to me for consideration and discussion. Should you be unable to attend, and' desire to commission any brother bishop to Lpcuk for you, I shall welcome him as your representative -in our united deliberations. But I must once more express my earnest hope that,, on this solemn occasion, I may have the great advantage of your personal presence. And now I commend this proposed meeting to your fervent prayers and humbly beseech- ing the blessing of Almighty God on yourself and your diocese, I subscribe myself, ! Your faithful brother in the Lord, C. T. CANTUAR. THE result of the new postal arranged ment with the United States is that the post office of each country is to make its own arrangements for the despatch of its mails to the other, and i cent we the postage, the other country making no charge for delivery and after this year the Cunard contract, then expiring by notice given to that effect, the entire pass to go on a single international letter is to he (id., if despatched from the United Kingdom, 12 from the United States Liverpool Albion. I v 