THE HUNTER RIVER FLOODS. (FROM OUR SPECIAL CORRESPONDENT.) The first thing which, at the present time, attracts the attention of a passenger by one of the steamboats plying between Sydney and the Hunter, on leaving Newcastle wharf for Morpeth, is the discoloured appear- ance of the water at the entrance of the river. He will next observe that the steamer has to contend against a strong current, and, as she proceeds onwards, that the shore is lined with sliprails, pumpkins, and other evi- dences, if any were wanting, that a flood had occurred, and washed these things away from some settler's homestead. Houses or huts are not numerous along the' banks of the river till Raymond Terrace is reached, but where ever they are to be met with they tell the same forlorn tail. Here is a hut with some of the slabs missing, and abandoned by its owner, who, it is evident, held possession till he was driven out by the merciless waters; for remnants of the window blinds are still to be seen fluttering in the breeze, and a few fowls strut about in quest of food. There is a neat cottage closed up and deserted, the shrubbery and trees adjacent to it retaining traces of its track. The lower part of the town of Raymond Terrace and the lands on the opposite side were submerged to the extent of six or seven feet. The stores of Mr. Black, Mr. Shaw, and the mill of Mr. Portus are the nearest to the river, and were the first inundated. The damage done in the business premises was not great, but the tenants of the cottages on the same level were driven from their houses and experienced much loss and dis- comfort. It is distressing to witness the appearance of the rich low lands on the opposite side : as far as the eye can reach, deserted huts, maize crops, lucerne crops, and other crops laid low, besides vast sheets of water in paddocks in different directions, impress the observer with the havoc which has been committed by the floods. Nelson's Plains, Miller's Forest, and Sydney Park, which are successively reached, all seem to be in the same deplorable condition ; the only difference being that there is more hay to be seen towards Morpeth than there is lower down the river. Vast quantities of pumpkins are to be seen everywhere. Land slips here occurred in many places, and it is apparent that many more will occur so soon as the river shall have receded to its usual level. The destruction of hay is thought to have boon unusually extensive. One gentleman is said to have lost about £1500 worth through his stacks having been saturated, partly by the rains and partly by the floods. Numerous bales of hay, wearing the dirty aspect which that commodity is known to assume when subjected to wet, are stranded on either side. Efforts are being made to save some of the hay stacks by exposure to the sun, the ascending smoke imparting only faint hopes of success to the owners. Pheonix Park, opposite Morpeth, has shared its usual fate on such occasions. It would only be a repetition of the same story to describe more particularly the appearance it presents. It will be satisfactory to the promoters, of sugar pro- duction in this colony to be informed that the sugar canes at the company's plantation appear to be in a healthy state. Maitland may be reached from Morpeth by omnibus as well as by rail. The viaduct near the junction of the Morpeth and Great Northern lines has given way, and so also has a portion of the permanent way of the Morpeth line near East Maitland. The trains have consequently ceased to run between Maitland East and Maitland West. Traffic is not likely to be resumed for another week at the least, the flood damages being so extensive. Wallis's Creek has, as was to have been expected, poured its waters over the lands of Louth Park, Dagwoth, Harefield, &c.;, and nearly all the farms in that direction are still under water. The settlers have, for the most part, taken refuge in West Maitland, and are said to be quite destitute. The splendid lucerne paddocks on both sides of Victoria bridge are also covered, and the fences lying prostrate on the ground. From Watti House, near that bridge, to the end of the Long bridge there are vast sheets of water. The tops of huts, cottages, and large buildings are in some places only observable. Elgin street rail- way station is surrounded by water. Hundreds have been driven from their homes and rendered penniless. The embankment constructed by the Government op- posite Hubert's, in West Maitland, has given way and will require to be rebuilt on a more substantial plan. The Horse-shoe Bend is like lake dotted over with chimney tops. The lucerne paddocks which adjoin the Maitland Race-course are all covered. It is not necessary to describe in any great length the ravages of the flood. | That an enormous amount of ...... has been sacri- ficed there can be no question, and that it will be attended by great destitution and suffering is equally certain. A committee has been formed at Raymond Terrace, and another at West Maitland to afford, relief in cases of absolute want. Another committee is about to be formed at East Maitland. That much can be done by merely local effort towards the desired end is very doubtful. No one seems to have escaped loss, and the resources of these districts have been seriously impaired by a series of disasters such as rust, floods, &c.; It is, under the circumstances, hoped that the residents of the metropolis will maintain their char- acter for liberality, and be supported by the Government in measures to assist the house- less and destitute. Amidst so much to deplore, it is consolatory to hear that save in one instance at Cookadingo, near Hexham, no lives were lost during the Hunter River floods. Nu- merous narrow escapes, and acts of disinterested bravery, honesty, and kindness are recorded. It is worthy of remark that a settler named Vickery, of Bolwarra, recovered a chest of drawers containing £150 in cash, which he returned to the owner intact without seeking any reward. I have not yet proceeded beyond West Maitland, but hope to make Singleton to- morrow. I am informed that the train continues to run up to Stoney Creek on the Wollombi Road. THE FLOOD AT MORPETH. — The town of Morpeth itself has escaped through the late disastrous visitation without any material injury. The chief damage, so far as we could observe, is that caused by the wind and rain. One or two sheds have been blown down or unroofed, and at the Morpeth Hotel, on Friday, the gale blew the saddle-boards off the roof, one of which, in falling, struck Mr. Lloyd a very severe blow on the head, inflicting a cut about four inches long, and caus- ing extensive bruises on the face. Had the blow been inflicted with the edge of the board, there is very little doubt but that Mr. Lloyd would have been killed on the spot. But although the town of Morpeth has fared comparatively well, the district all around has suffered to a very great extent. The river rose to a height of nine inches above the highest of 1857, as shown by a mark in the mill now occupied by Mr. Nott. Some idea of the volume of water here may be formed when we mention the fact that the flood nearly reached the floor of the coal shoots on the Queen's Wharf, and the whole of the flat country across the river was one sheet of water as far as the high land some distance beyond the Paterson River. It is no exaggeration to say that nearly every thing has been lost by the settlers of Narrow- gut, Phoenix Park, the Lower Paterson, Hinton, Berry Park, Nelson's Plains, Miller's Forest, and Lidney Park. All the produce has been destroyed, such as maize and hay ; growing crops have been ruined, and pigs and poultry nearly all drowned. Besides this many fences have been swept away, others thrown down, and the houses of the settlers are in many cases so much damaged as to be uninhabitable. It is indeed a fortunate circumstance that, among so many, we have not to record the loss of a single human being from the flood, and this fact is to be attributed mainly to the gallant exertions made by the several boats' crews. Immediately it became apparent that a flood was imminent, the Mayor and Town Council telegraphed to Newcastle for boats, and two, with their crews, were promptly despatched to the scene by Captain Allan. These boats, together with those belong- ing to the town, were employed during the whole time the flood was at its height, in removing people from the various places submerged, and also, so far as possible, in saving the cattle and horses. The police boats were employed particularly in the neighbourhood of Narrowgut and Phoenix Park, from which locality they rescued between twenty and thirty people. The Newcastle boats were piloted by senior- constable Gordon, whose conduct, as well as that of constable Cornu, is spoken of in the highest terms. Messrs. H. and S. Caddy and J. Blackwell also exerted themselves to the utmost in the salvation of life and property. A settler from Phoenix Park, named Thomas Hall, who was among the sufferers, likewise did great service in rescu- ing others. The districts we have named have suffered to such an extent that it is impossible for us to parti- cularise the names of individual losers; for to enume- rate all who have suffered by this calamity, would be to give the names of all the farmers of these districts. The refugees were disposed of at different places in the town ; nearly seventy people were sheltered in the Morpeth Hotel, and the building adjoining. The Muni- cipal Council took prompt action in the way of provid- ing food for these unfortunate people, their timely ex- ertions undoubtedly saved much suffering, if not actual starvation ; their efforts to procure employment for the sufferers will also, in all probability, do much towards alleviating the distress.— Maitland Mercury. MUSCLEBROOK. — The very heavy rains, which fell incessantly for nearly a week, began to abate on Satur- day. Sunday was nearly fine, with only a few showers. Since then we have had delightful weather, and dust is actually thick on some parts of the streets to-day. The river, which was very high for a day or two, did not break over the banks, and we have escaped the calamitous flood that has visited other districts, the particulars of which we have been kept in suspense about, the mail from Sydney, Maitland, and Singleton not having arrived for some days. On Tuesday we received the Maitland mail of Saturday, and to-day the first Sydney mall since the 20th ; last night the first Cassilis mail for a week ; besides which, the telegraph wires between Singleton and the Brook have been ren- dered useless from some cause; consequently we have been quite shut out from all communication. June 20. — Correspondent Maitland Mercury. A GHOST STORY IN ADELAIDE. — The following letter appears in the South Australian Chronicle : — Sir, — I wish to correct a statement which appeared in your issue of the 17th instant, concerning a knocking at the doors of my house. I, for one, have never believed in ghost stories, but I will give you a true account, of what I, with my family, witnessed and heard, On Saturday evening, June 8, at 6 o'clock, there came a rap at the front door, but on going to the door, nobody was there. It came again afterwards at the back door — a rap, rap, rap, but no one was to be seen. It then came to the front and passage windows. I then determined to try and catch the boys, who, I thought, were causing the disturbance, and got my family to remain at the bottom of the passage while I searched every hiding-place. During my search the knocking continued at the back door, but I could see nobody. This rapping continued until half-past 10 o'clock. It was so loud that it was heard across the road, and by 10 o'clock my house and the next one was surrounded by my neighbours and family, but nobody was to be seen as the cause of the mischief. We heard no more after half-past 10 o'clock till Sunday morning as we were going to have breakfast. At half-past 7 o'clock, there came two gentle raps at the front door, answered the door, but could see no one. Directly afterwards it came rap, rap, rap at the back door. This was heard by my neighbours, who ran out to see if it was my door. We then searched the roof and every part of the premises, but nobody was to be seen, and whilst we stood talking at the back the rapping conti- nued at the front door. My little boy said the door half opened in his hand, and there were three heavy raps before our eyes. My next door neighbour stood under the verandah watching the outside of my door, and he saw the door shake with the knocks. The back door was beaten severely, and I said—"Open the door and see if it will be better but the rapping still continued, and about 10 o'clock it came to the inner doors, and remained inside the house all day. There are six inner doors, and each one had three heavy raps. At 1 o'clock the knocking was very severe, and I had eight adult witnesses in the house who saw the doors shake with the rapping. This continued until half-past 4 o'clock. On Monday, the 10th, it returned again about 8 o'clock, and at half-past 10 o'clock a man who had been lodging with me was in the house, and the rap- ping was so loud that he ran out quite frightened, and was ill next day in consequence. I know not what is the meaning of all this, but I have given you a full and clear account of what occurred, and I only hope we shall not be troubled with it again. As to my child, which died on the following Tuesday night, I am not going to suppose that the knocking had anything to do with my child's death. I may also mention that a friend of mine, who considered the whole affair complete humbug, was in my house on Monday, and when the rapping commenced on the partition, he started, and inquired if that was the noise. On being told that it was, he rushed out of the house, vowing that he would not live a day in it, and was ill all night from the fright. PHILIP HOWELL. Adelaide, June 17. In commenting upon the subject of railway exten- sion to Riverina, the Border Post says—"Late events have shown that we are now on the eve of a struggle between Melbourne and Sydney for the commercial possession of Riverina and of the Ovens gold-fields. If Melbourne is the first to construct a line to Albury she will secure the trade of Upper Riverina as completely as she has that of Lower Riverina. On the other hand, if Sydney is the first to connect herself with Albury by railway, she will not only recover a good deal of the trade she has lost in these parts, but she will also com- mercially annex the important gold-fields on the Ovens, with their population of 40,00o souls. It is the duty of the people of Albury to encourage as far as possible this adventurous struggle between the two capitals, and they cannot better effect that object than by stirring up the Sydney Government to carry out the project rumour credits them with entertaining, viz., the extension of the southern line to the Murray. PARKIMENTARY MANNERS. —It is said that two Con- servative members, who were supposed to be highly resentful at their not obtaining office on the formation of the Government entered into a compact, dictated by mutual sympathy and ratified by mutual honour, that they would not accept office in the course of the changes necessitated by the secession of the three cabinet ministers. One of them, however, did take office; and it is said that while sitting on the Treasury bench he was reproached by his former confederate, who delibe- rately used to him two disyllable words, indicative of deliberate untruth and treachery. Another member of the Government is reported to have told a bitter seceder from its ranks that he belonged to the peculiar canine breed which personifies all the less courageous and estimable qualities of that faithful animal. Weo cordially agree with a contemporary in thinking that such affairs are disgraceful to the perpetrators. In our time duelling is out of the question ; the use of an in- sulting epithet to one who has virtually no means of resenting it is like striking a woman or a wounded man. — Observer. 