ITEMS OF NEWS. £% The meeting at Chewton on Saturday night was a pre-eminent success, in spite of the un seasonable evening that had been selected for the occasion. The large room was crammed even to the steps of the platform, and the greatest una- nimitv nrevailed. as mav be seen from the fweft that out of an assembly of at least 500 persons, not more than 20 held up their two hands for the amendment, which indeed was strongly objected to at the very first sentence. The speakers kept themselves closely to the resolutions. In view of his recently printed address, which he was pre vented from delivering on the platform of the Theatre Royal the other night through the pro tracted loquacity of the speakers to whom an inscrutable Providence has entrusted the keeping of the other side, Mr Wind sor specially confined himself to the pro position that the three reputed checks — namely, the Governor, the majority, and public opinion which the opponents of the Council rely, on to prevent the malversation of the taxpayers' money, are powerless and inoperative and untrustworthy; while Mr Patterson's felicitous reference to the recent revelations of the cruel truck system car ried on by a member of this unimpeachable ma jority clenched the opinion of the meeting irre sistibly. The resolutions were directed to be sent to the Governor, and three cheers for the Council and the Mount Alexander Mail closed the proceedings. The Rev. J. Graham, of Sydney, preached in the Congregational church yesterday, morning and evening. On both occasions the building was crowded, and eloquent addresses were deli vered. The collections were liberally responded to. Readings are to be given this C- Bath Arms Hotel, Campbell's Creek f M " benefit of the Ladies' Committee of thoT>r ; lent Asylum. -"esevo. We are requested to notify that p- store, at Fryeratown, which was to hav10?1'1 " sold by auction on Thursday next hao v. ee& \ posed of privately, but that the P will be sold as advertised. ,ek, < At the Police Court on Satatdav t?j ' Collins was fined 10s for using abusive'lan and in a fraud summons case, M'Laren fp8'1 man and another, an order was made for - ment. Pal" A disgusting exhibition took nlace at i , at Campbell's Creek a few nights ao wh man named Cox ate for a wager. Tbe'brntlD a ' toally devoured some eighteen pounds of Sa' vegetables, and bread, besides fonr pints ofTle' On Thursday evening next, Mr J. C. H < Secretary and Engineer to the Newstead C1 cil, will deliver a lecture at Newstead in aid"311'- t the funds of the Common School, m which tb1 lecture will be given. The subject chosen, "ft 1 progress of civil liberty in Great Britain, i, 0 8 ' which cannot, in Mr House's hands, fail fo 8 highly pleasing and interesting. 3 On Saturday Mr Marley, of the New bonds- > township, showed us 61b of grapes which he hjj just plucked from a vine from which there h»l been altogether about 401b taken The fj looked well, and its flavour was good- The ruoia in which the grapes had been preserved till surt an advanced season was through their havb been covered over with bags. Sermons in behalf of the Primitive Methodk N missions were preached yesterday at Chewfon ami uampuen s ureea, uy me xievs. ju. Llafo< P £ and H. Heathershaw (ofSmytCesdale), hem- k the gentlemen appointed by the district meetinj 1 to hold missionary meetings all over this di$. I trict, one of which will be held at Castlemame to-morrow evening. In consequence of a battalion parade to be held r at Sandhurst on Wednesday next, the following programme of music will be performed by the Volunteer Rifle Corps Band this evening, in foe Market Hall, at tbe usual honr : — Quadrille, The Alpine, Marriott; quickstep, Tramp, the boys \ are marching ; song and chorus from Lncretn Borgia (II Segreto), Donizetti ; The triumphal fc march of Sir Colin Campbell, Glover; waltz, £ Dark Eyes, Marriott ; polka, Echo du Mont 1 Blanc, Jullien; selections from Tbe Bohemian I Girl, Balfe ; galop, The Postman, Clarke ; God 1 Save the Queen. The band will be in the neir | uniforms, which are to be distributed this fore. 1 noon. 1 The following apology to the Civil servants, 1 signed " James M'Culioch," appears in an ei- 1 traordinary issue of the Gazette, published | yesterday The Government desires to ex. I press to the officers and employes of the public i service its deep sense of the great inconvenience I to which they have been subjected bythesus- I pension of payments consequent upon the rejeo f tion of the Appropriation Bill for the year, and 1 its appreciation of the spirit in which that incon- 1 venience has been borne. Anxious to relieve the 1 existing embarrassment at the earliest moment 1 after the Supply Bill passed by Parliament shall 1 have become law, the Government has made ar« | raDgements which will secure paymeut at the 1 Treasury to- morrow morning of all salaries and 1 wages now due for the months of July and An- g gust, and heads of department and others are re quested to make application accordingly. It ia also notified that the managers of the banks have consented to keep their respective establishments open until four p.m. to-morrow ; and the Go vernment takes this opportunity of thanking them for the assistance thus rendered." An attempt is being made to introduce eels to the waters of South Australia. Tmrty-six were 1 shipped alive by the Aldinga on her last trip, 1 but only three survived the voyage, and these 1 were placed in the River Torrens. A second 1 shipment was made, it is tmderar.niA_bj. the Coq j rong, which would arrive at Adelaide yesterday " or to-day. Mr William Stutt, one of the candidates for the representation of South Grant, declares him self in favour of payment to country members alone, and that only to the extent of £200 pet annum. He is against the single bottle bill, j but in favour of beer licenses in country dis- ! tricts, and considers Mr G. P. Smith's bill the most ridiculous ever brought before Parliament. A Gipps Land contemporary remarks that con siderable inconvenience is frequently experienced in post-offices throughout the colony in the case of correspondence addressed to "Walhalla," there being no such name to be found in the list of the post-offices of Victoria. This inconve nience, together with its consequent delay, arises from the fact that the post-office authorities have preserved the original name, "Stringer's Creek." This could be remedied at once, but of course it will not. | Information ha3 recently been obtained by the Customs authorities, that an extensive system of smuggling cigars and tobacco has recently been carried on in Melbourne. On Thursday night a seizure of over 100,000 was made in different parts of the city, and it is expected that far larger seizures will be made. One of the leading houses engaged in the import trade is stated to be involved (no doubt innocently) in the affair. The prosecution of Thomas Baltoa and Thomas Amess, for having smuggled cigars in their possession, has been withdrawn. " On Saturday," says the Hobart Town Mer cury, " Mr Morton Allport, Mr T. Gibiin, and other gentlemen, visited the reservoir, for the purpose of procuring some of the English perch located there, for transmission to New Zealand by Mr Johnston, who is at present in Tasmania, to take charge of the trout ova about to be for warded to Otago. The party succeeded in cap turing four dozen of very fine fish, many of them full of spawn. We are informed that Mr Johnston, with a small party, has gone up the river to search . for salmon ova in the places l wnere it is iixely to be deposited. A proposal has been made by Captain Hope, of Cleveland, to the effect that if the farmers in the Brisbane district will guarantee to cultivate five crops of sugar cane, to the extent of 500 i acres at each crop, he will undertake to erect a 1 sugar mill at Norman's Creek. The mill will I be available after the first crop should the 1 conditions be complied with, the first crop to be j manufactured into sugar at the Cleveland mill. From an acre of yellow Bourbon cane, grown at the Pimpana plantation, the first year's cutting, over three tons of dry sugar was obtained last week. An entire horse, the property of Mr Eligate Coomoora, Daylesford, got loose and ran about the neighbouring farms on Sunday, kicking and biting at such horses as he met with. Another entire horse, the property of Mr. Ogden, had also- broken loose, and unfortunately the two met near Musk Greek, and a fight ensued that baBSes description, neighing, screaming, biting, kicking, now with the forefeet, now with the hind. To attempt to separate them would have been mad ness, and the fight only ceased when a heavy blow from Ogden 's horse struck the other; breaking his thigh bone and rendering it neces sary to shoot him. Mr Wm. Hood, of Mokanger Station, was (at the Hamilton Police Court, ou Tuesday) fined £500, on the information of Mr Sheep Inspector Kerr, for having diseased sheep on his run with out a license. Mr Palmer, who appeared for Mr Hood, gave notice of appeal. " There is no doubt the case will be taken to a higher court," says the Spectator. " The point upon which Mr Palmer mainly rests for a reversion of the decree is, that -.Mr Hood obtained a license from Mr M'Crae, dated on the same day as that on which the scab was detected by Mr Kerr. This license was ap plied for after the arrival of the inspector on ' he run," This is the way that the Age fepeaks of its neigh bours — the paper which is always courteous— always gentlemanly, and always grammatical, which never makes vile insinuations, never casts unjust aspersions, and never descends to slander ing its opponents— the paper edited by Harrison, and owned by Syme : — " The Opposition have nerer treated their opponents with even the courtesy due from one gentleman to another. They have sacrificed repeatedly the public wel fare for the purpose of gratifying their malevo lence, and they have tried by the unfairest of means to create obstructive combinations against a Government they were not strong enough to overthrow. Foremost amongst the evil spirits was the viperous Mr Langton. Always ready with vile imputations, unjust aspersions, and mean insinuations he has been the plague of the session, and we congratulate East Mel bourne on the possession of a member whose single claim to consideration is that he is uni- vcrsslly detested. The following minute is published in the Police Gazette : — I hereby except officers, sergeants, and constables of police from the operation of so much of section 4 of the Civil Service regulations as pro vides that all officers attending in their official character, under a subpcena or order, to give evi dence or to produce papers in any court, shall attend such court in performance of and as part of their official duty, and shall forthwith pay over into the consolidated revenue, and shall duly enter and ac count for, all fees received by them for the per formance of such duty, and shall transmit to the heads of their branch an account and vouchers for all the necessary expenses, if any, incurred by them in the performance of such duty. This exception shall take effect from the 1st J anuary, 1S67. (Signed) James M'Culloch, Chief Secretary." We find in the South Australian Advertiser of the 30th August the following notice of an industry which seems to thrive in our midst : — "We have been shown byr M John Perry, of Melbourne, a ouantitv of turnery and bent timber, brought over as specimens of his manufactures in the sister colony. The articles included shafts for buggies and other vehicles, and other portions of the wood work of conveyances, and pick and axe handles of various patterns. The woods employed are Victorian blue-gum, which Mr Perry considers fully equal in strength, durability, and appearance to the best hickory and black wood, which everybody knows to be valuable timbers. The cost of these articles is but a fraction, sometimes only a fifth, of that charged for the same goods imported from America. It has been supposed that we cannot make with our timber such things as axe-handles, or shafts aud other portions of vehicles, so light and neat as with hickory and ash, but any one seeing Mr Perry's col lection will come to a different opinion." From Brisbane we have papers to the 31st ult. The Queensland Times reports that land in all parts of the district, and especially on the reserve and in the neighbourhood of the line of railway, contiuues to be takenup in large quantities. The " free selec tion before survey " principle has given additional facilities to intending agriculturists, which they will speedily avail themselves of. In the Guardian of the 25th, we find this announcement : — "A trades man of this city has received instructions from a leading firm in Melbourne to ascertain the price of fifty hogsheads of beef cured by Morgan's pro cess, to be delivered and shipped at Newcastle, New South Wales, for shipment to China. This, we un derstand, is tbe first attempt made to open up a trade in that article with China, and should the venture prove a success, it is almost impossible to calculate the profit likely to accrue to the holders of ihe patent." "Owing to the success which attended the importation of South Sea Islanders and their employment in this colony, it is (says the Queensland Times) very probable that a good demand for their services will at once arise. We are informed by MrCarlSahl that the ten who arrived at the Fairney Lawn Cotton Plan- tatien in the early part of the week, after enjoying a day's spell, went to work with a right good will. They are very intelligent, and are exceedingly quick in apprehending what is required of them with very slight instruction. They are all nominal Christians, and some are tolerable scholars and attentive to their religious duties. So confident is their em ployer of their turning out well that he has made arrangements for procuring ten more from the next shipment. We understand that Mr Lewin will shortly start again for the islands, for the purpose of securing another importation." Although we are far into the nineteeenth century, writes our Melbourne correspondent, I find that the old superstitions are not quite exploded, and that there are some people who still believe in ghosts and such like supernatural agencies, although I must confess I am hardly astonished at it when I consider the success that attends our lecturers on clairvoy ance. electro-biology, magnetism, and such like rubbish, but I must say I was never more confounded than on Friday morniDg when a gentleman whom I have always considered perfectly sane (but who I fancy is now a caudidate for the nearest lunatic asylum), related to me in the most serious manner possible, the following story under a pledge that no names were mentioned : — " Many months ago, in one of our most respectable neighbourhoods, lived a family named A , who had a person stopping with them for a short time named M . This person, after leaving them, went up the country and died under rather mysterious circumstances, in fact there were some suspicions of murder. Meanwhile, the A— — 's had left the house, which was let to a third party. All went well, and the family were delighted with their new residence until a certain night (which night turned out to be the same that H died on), when commenced a suc cession of most mysterious voices which have con- tinued unrii tne present day. liiese nave been ot the orthodox character usual to ghost stories, such as the sound of footsteps walking up and down the stairs in the dead of night, noises as of heavy bodies railing in some of the vacant rooms, and last, but not least, all the bells in the house will suddenly commence ringing without any perceptible agency. All of these my informant gravely tells me, with the most solemn countenance possible, that he himself has heard and seen, but can give no possible clue to the causes, which in my own mind I believe could be traced to something belonging to this material world and not to the world of spirits." e have farther intelligence of the Blue Cap gang of bushrangers. The Wagga Wagga Express says : — The bushrangers are still continuing their career oi lawlessness down the river. On Friday week last they rode up to Mr Sinclair's station, Cowabee, and remained there for the night. They did not take anything of any value away with them in the morning, and conducted themselves during their stay rather quietly. One of them whiled away the dulness of the evening by compelling Mr Peter .mclair to play draughts with him. The next day they stuck up Mr Fennell's station, and helped tnemse.ves tc some little necessaries from the store, but tailed to obtain any valuables. The next day they lell in with Doolan, who it will be remem bered wounded Blue Gap in the encounter oE the preceding week, andcompelled him to go with them. A iter this they stuck up Mr Clarke's house at nelero and there commenced drinking. Blue Cap at last became so drunk that Williams, who appears to be the leader of the gang, compelled a stockman , Pjj' in_a wheelbarrow and throw him into the dam. After giving him a good ducking he was pleased to permit his bring dragged in a half- mvedstate from the water. While at this place he bushrangers were very noisy, boastful, and quarrelsome, and declared it was their intention to suck up North Wagga Wagga, and to place a sen tinel on the bridge with loaded fire arms to prevent <t£sistance being rendered from this side. The feat would be rather a dangerous one to attempt, and is never very likely to be executed. After leaving Mr S Proeeded to the station of Mr Flood, ana there made themselves quite at home, helping emselves to all that they needed, 'and compelling a My named Davis, who was staying in the house, o p,ay for their amnsement several airs upon the aTr "-1- ey also vistied Mr Patterson at Binyah, tailing here as at most other places to obtain they "fformed Mr Patterson that they ould call at his station again shortly, and if he then , not £20 ready for them they would burn the P ace down. Since their departure from Mr Flood's we ha\ e obtained no further information of their movements. Since the above was in type a report as reached town that, about 2 o'clock yesterday a ernoon, three bushrangers stuck up the Junee J One of this gang is described as a half- caste, ana the 'captain' — all these rascals have captam now — was styled by his comrades Jocko.' rom Mr Williams, landlord of the hotel, they took ti'tf11!1116 loose silver. A dealer who happened , ® 'here was eased of a silver watch and chain, n, two other men they took a horse, saddle, and 5?te" y did not remain long at the hotel, a whei last seen were going in the direction of be station of Messrs Rasch and Coffin;" Miss Si Thorns, a fenrSle prekbheR, Who has lately come from Queensland, is making a sen sation amongst ihe people of Mount Moriac and Barrabool, where she has been addressing crowded congregations, with apparent effect. An insolvent, named Cyrus Mason, of Wood's Point, mining agent, gavd as onfe reason fob. his insolvehcy, the fact of his having become liable, in his capacity of trustee, for sums due by tbe Church of England and Commoii School, at Wood's Point. A Eockhampton paper suggests that H.R.H. the Duke of Edinburgh Wotild find better sport in that part of Australia than any other. The people in Adelaide, it adds. " talk of giving him a day's codfishing in the Murray. We can offer him something more exciting in the FitEroy— a crocodile hunt.'' About a fortnight ago a man named Edmund Foley, 36 years of age, employed at Messrs Cobb and Co.'s stables in Mundy-street, says the Advertiser, had a splinter driven into his thumb while at work. Little attention was paid to what was then considered a trival accident, but in a few days alarming symptoms appeared and medi cal advice was sought. Gangrene, however, su pervened, and it was deemed expedient on Thurs day last to have the unfortunate man removed to the hospital, where, despite every attention, he expired a few minutes before nine o'clock yes terday morning. We regret to learn that the deceased leaves a widow and family to deplore his untimely death, the cause of which will pro bably form the subject of further inquiry. Captain Barber, of the steamer Providence, re ports being stuck up by three bushrangers near one ot the sheep-stations on the Darling. He had come on shore from the steamer, and was proceeding to the station for the purpose of transacting business, when he was stopped by three fellows who were splendidly mounted. One of them demanded whether he was captain of the steamer, and whether they had any money on board. On receiving some what of an evasive reply they ordered the captain back to the vessel, they following him. On reach ing the bank one of the party kept guard at the gangway, while the others followed the captain on board. After looking about and making several inquiries, Captain Barber asked them whether they would like to go down below. They evidently did not relish the invitation, fearing perhaps they might get themselves entrapped. They then went off very quietly. The captain describes them as three very dashing fellows, well armed, and equal to any emergency. Umortunately, had it been at all ne cessary for the crew to have defended themselves, the only arm on board was an old rusty fowling- piece. From information which Captain Barber received, it appears that they were paying their respects to several of the settlers on the Darling. 