THE MUNICIPAL ELECTIONS. Mr. Punch contents himself with simply reporting the various can didates' speeches when the result of the polling was made known. Mr. Caraher said this was the proudest moment of a life passed in the service of his country. He had lived in Gipps Ward long before Captain Cook dreamed of calling in there, and he felt that a more intelligent, astronomical, parabolical set of bricks never existed before the invention of brickfields or since. English, Irish, Scotch, Dutch, and all the other Aboriginal what-d'ye-call-'ems of the country had not been backwards in coming forwards. If he lived for 300 more years in the colony, he would be more sorry to leave it than he was glad to say he was not now. However, that was neither here nor there, nor anywhere else. He was very sorry that Mr. Andrews had opposed him. It was bad taste, to say the least of it. He would say the same of anybody else who went for to do the same. He owed a great deal to the electors, and he was happy to say none of them were paid. Mr. Andrews candidly admitted that he was beaten. He was very much obliged, and a time would come. His motto was sine die , "never say die." They might have placed the right man in the right place — Walker ! — but whether they had or whether they hadn't, or whether they hadn't or whether they had, until a new ! system of police was inaugurated, that man might live. At least he would not make one in a party organised for the especial purpose of cutting his throat. Mr. C. Moore made a few sportive remarks which ought, if they didn't, to have evoked the ghost of Joe Miller, and given their utterer a very bad night -mayoral dream. He gave the electors to believe that he was at least an angel, if not something Moore , and said he had divers reasons for rejoicing at his own triumph and other people's defeat. He related a remarkable, though somewhat insipid episode in the life of the non-celebrated Tim Doolan (son of the equally non- celebrated Doolan, senior), and generally made himself particularly offensive and otherwise agreeable. He wound up by putting himself in such a new light before the electors that he is to be known in future as the " Pitt-street Lamp." Mr. Buchan Thomson said, though the verdict of the electors had effectually prevented him from entering himself for the Mayor's Produce Stakes, he took that verdict in a jockey-lar sense. It was all the fault of the "press." They hadn't put him down as a " crack," and if the Empire had only done justice to his eloquence and put it into Queen's English for him, he would have won in a canter. Why shouldn't his " Crooked Billet" arrangement have had the same justice done to it as Mr. Moore's " Crooked Billet" arrange ment ? Surely his billet was quite as crooked as Mr. Moore's ? He felt sure his courtesy to, and general attention to the comfort of, every member of the reporting press of every public journal was one of those things you don't read about. If there was anything to object to you would soon read about it, ergo it was all right and hang the odds as long as you and himself were happy. However, to make a clean breast of it, there was no getting over one hurdle in the course he had intended to walk over. He was licked, but experience and ' ' the grand stand" he held (for the A. J. C. ) had laid this " flattering suction to his soles," that " you never can tell till the numbers are up." However, he pitied and hated his friends,? and loved and shook hands with his enemies, and if anybody felt grieved at his defeat let him say so, and he would kiss him for both their mothers, or any other man. Mr. Pritchard said they had relieved him materially, and hang the expense ! He was sorry for Speer, because Speer was a respect able man, and he was sorry for any respectable man. But it wasn't Speer's fault that he was one. It was a way he'd got. As to the mangle, he'd got far enough into Mr. Euclid's prepositions to know that a mangle wouldn't wash. If Mr. Speer had been elected, he'd have been " more t'other," but now Mr. Speer was " more t'other" I himself. Such is life ! He hoped everybody would love everybody else, and " he'd shew 'em." Mr. Speer begged to thank the electors for having speered him the unpleasant duty of resigning. He intended to have done so before the election, but, out of consideration for their feelings, he hadn't. By contesting he had spared them an unnecessary spear — he should say tear. They had rejected him, and enjoyed a laugh" perhaps at his expense. Well, well, if it be so, so be it, and if so be it be so, let it so be. Mr. Macintosh said as nobody had had the infernal impudence to oppose him, by some peculiar dispensation of Providence he went in unopposed, and as some slight reward for his own merits, he meant to go in for Mayor, and if he was rejected, " mair's the pity." He had just ordered in a summer stock of intelligence and sincerity, and was " all there" to receive the Prince, or any other species of soft goods. Mr. Kippax said that he, for the third time, was elected for Cook Ward. He was glad of it. He had 110 dirty matters to stir up (Woolloomooloo not being in his district), and he was, without say ing a word in his own praise, the " clean potato." Mr. Dueein said he didn't know he was nominated, but he did know that he was not elected. He was very much obliged for nothing both ways. Mr. Butler said that, considering no one had opposed him, his election was an unexpected pleasure. As a slight return he could only suggest that the Fitzroy be known as the ' ' Butler, " in contra distinction to the " Cook" Ward. Mr. Hurley said " Slap bang, here I am again," which who'd have thought it, not seeing the papers, and not never knowing nothing about it : but if they meant it as a joke he would have the politeness to take it seriously. Mr. Oatley remarked that this was a great country. He was not at the head of the poll, but that was his own fault. He neglected to fascinate the electors, by neither conversing with them himself, nor sending round his carte de visite. However, it was all right ! he had more time to attend to his proverbial oratorical volubility in "ano ther place. " Mr. Murphy said the result of his election would induce him, in the true spirit of gratitude, to inquire more deeply into the rights and wrongs of those misguided individuals who put in an appearance at the Theatre Boyal, C. P. 0. , every morning, and see if he can prevent their usual " capital punishment " of a week in gaol, " grub provided. " Mr. Goodwin appeared before the electors as a man who had been defeated for the first time. This being also the first time he had appealed to their suffrages, he could not say he had ever been suc cessful, but he believed that it would be all the same, say — for a short time — a hundred years hence. Three cheers for the Returning Officer, and three seconds occupied by that official in returning thanks, brought the meeting to a close, and Wynyard-square to its pristine tranquillity. « 