„ NORTHERN DOWNS. FROM OUR VAOnANT RKPOIlTKn. AVith tho thcruiomotor at 1U4 m tho shade, and something like 132 in tho sun, it seems (at least to thoso of us whoso earlier years have been passed between tho parallols of -50 and 58 North latidudo,) somewhat anomolous' to bo talkingmbout Christmas chimes, or to, bo singing tho anthem, " Hark, the Herald Angels sing;" wo can hardly realise to our selves the fuct that, whilst we in theso south-, crh regions arc sweltering and seething as it were in a cauldron, the old folks ut homo aro wrapped up in muffs and furs, with their yulo log burning brightly and cheerily on tfie Christmas hearth. Whilst, however, tho pliraato accompaniments of the 6cascn aro so widely diverse and incongruous in their different latitudes, it is satisfactory to know that tho religious allocations and social amenities of Christmas — at least, among Christians— are ono nnd tho sanio at tho southern as at the northern pole. The grand and transccndant event in human lristory, in comparison with which all other events that havo ever transpired in tho record of time, sink into utter lusigniucanco ; which this season brings to our mind more prominently than usual; carries with it, if I may so speak, such on atmosphere of holy motive, and such an influence of social goodness and kindly feeling,- that few right-thinking persons would wish to ignore Christinas associations or resist Christmas influences. It is not, howover, 'my intention to write a sermon: suoh contributions to your columns would be decidedly out of place, and some of your readers might possibly consider itnut edifying. It is, pleasant, however, to yield to the influence of tho season — to pause awhile amid tho strifes and turmoil of the world and business pursuits, to chnngo the scene from the hard and stem realities of every day lifo in this mondy- grubbing world, and to greet our friends and fcllow-strugglcrs with loving hearts and gladsome faces, devoid of all considera tions of £ s. d. or interested motives. In the spirit of those remarks I have therefore to congratulate you and your readers upon tbo advent of another Christmas; wo shall havo to record a uioro healthy and satisfactory state of affairs — socially, politically, religiously, and commercially, than we at present-realise. In tho columns of tho 'Guardian1 of tbo 13th current, appeared a long letter signed "Edmund Morey, of Kuston," containing some very unmanly, uncandid, uncalled for, and untruthful reflections upon a very useful and much maligned class of persons, known aa "your own correspondents." Although per sonally I am not included in his anathemas, or rather, I should say, that my district is not amongst tho list of proscribed sources uf misstatement, malice, and mischief specified by this illustrious scribo, nevertheless, I feel inclined to tako up tho quarrel, and " tilt a laueo " with this redoubtable Goliath, on behalf of my cnnfrorcs of the quill. I might, indoed, safely leave Mr Edmund Morey in tho hands of " Old Colonist.," " Sigma," " Truth," " Justice," and other fitting ' aliases.' He is evidently quito ablo to do battle on his own Recount, and to administer the castigaturo so richly deserved ; aud perhaps this would to my wisest course ; but as it is just possible, and very likely that " Old Colonist," &c.;, will treat the letter anu tuo writer, too, witn sueni contempt, I will tako care ho does not pass without a just rebuko. To 'pretend for a moment that I am ignorant as to who Edmund Morey is would be to proclaim myself un known : His fame is, I believe, in " all the churches," and upon the principle that " tho evil that men do lives after them," is at this present timo far advanced on the road to immortality; whilst os to the good of o tea- cupful of extra earth, . will bo more than is needed to enter it with his bones. I am only astonished that this accomplished individual had tho courage to attaoh his numo to such a farrago of nOnsenso. This is, in fact, the only redeeming point iu the production : it is enough to make " Old Homey" laugh — if lie over indulges in such a weakuess — to se u man complaining of illogical composition in othors, and at tho satno moment inflicting upon tbo public a wholo column of trash, without a siuglo logical sentence from begin ning to end. The three guiding stars for any ono writing in a public journal are, or, at least, ought to bo, " truth, impartiality, and iutelligiblencss." In Mr. Morey'e case those must all havo been obscured in fog at the time lie wrote bis letter, for no trace of their influeuco ,is anywhero discoverable. Tho latter, however, is not so much to be wondered at. Where a man habitually lives 'in such a high stato of refinement and elegance as to address his blnckfellow iu such lingo ns, " Haw, you swarthy specimen of humanity, proceed to tho circumjacent enclosure, and haviug attached tho appliance of a bridlo to tho prominent features of my equine quadru ped, eoiiduct-the animal to the portals of my ancestoral mansion, in order that 1 may enjoy my postprandial equitation," it is hardly to be expected that ho can leave his lofty pinnacle to make himself intelligible to mean mortals, and it is no wonder that tho astonished Sandy should say: <T AVhitcfcllow banl good, him too much yabber." Now this is the gist of tho wholo matter, nud if I wcro to write for a month, I could not more aptly characterise the letter, or the- writer, too; Mr. Edmund Morey has got decidedly "too much yabber" — Sandy was quito right when he said, " White- fellow Imnl good." I will only ndd for Mr. Morey's special information that my hand and pen aro " uufettcred," and ready for futher use should necessity nrise. Tho main topics of interest and discussion here, just at present, aro Polj'ncsinn labour and the Mackenzie murders, each of them being fair ground for difference of opinion and interesting dobato. In reference to the former, thero appears to mo upon . tho very first flash of tho matter something exceedingly anomalous in tho action of our sapient legis lators anent thereto ; at tho very timo that tlioy aro spending largo sums of money for the organisation and maintenance of a polico force to exterminate the Australian -Papuan, -which we have to our band roady made, they muko laws aud regulations to introduces into the country tho Polynesian Papunn, the prcciso same typo or breed of humanity, or, if thero be any difference at all, a decidedly inferior type, and gravely tell U3 that tho proper development of our inexhaustible resources of wealth imperatively demands tho utilisation of Papuan . labour. If this is not something worse than nonsense I don't know what is. Surely it would bo much moro rational, and more just, too — if the adoption of such labour bo a necessity— to utilise tbo arti'clo we buvo in bond, and at tho samo timo savo our money nnd combine'tho aboriginal ownor of tho soil with ourselves by the bonds of a mutual self- interest, than to introduce tho very sumo, or an inferior articlo of tho sarao description from other countries. Tho fact of the matter is, disguise it ns we may and call it what wo like, the whole schcmo is ."slavery," and slavery, too, of the foulest and worst form, and our Australian Pnpunujias far too much savy nnd intelligence to be humbugged by our charming, " charm we never so wisely." A short time ago a draft of these poor -unfortu nate and deluded Polynesian Papuans passed through this township, 'en route' for Mr. Mylnc'B station on tho Warrego — "the con stituency of sheep and gum trees" — where they wore .engaged as sheop washers. A more melancholy spectacle I have scarcely ever witnessed : they looked for oil the world like a train of condemned criminals, wending their way with slow funereal steps to the gallows. If you spoko to them, thqy started as if they saw jt ghost, whilst only to look at them was enough to induce an ague fit. It is to bo feared that persistence on tbo part or inc government in tueir present in sane policy In legalizing such infernal traffic will result in serious consequences to the country herpftcr, and that too before long, and it behoyes all good nion nnd true in our electorates at once to utter the voico manfully and sternly,1 and say, we will not Uavt thoir Papuans introduced amongst us. I have now exceeded both my time aud limits, and must leave the subject now until my News of a local nature is scarce here just now, trcdo is dull, and everything is going on in tha usual jog-trot way. ' "The weather is excessively hot, hut as we havo had some heavy rain recently, tho crop3 are not injured, but looking first-rate, and there is no scircity of feed on the roads, so that altogctlcr we have much to be thankful for. Therj is some talk of races hero on Boxing Day. bit whether it will como to anything I don't know;- we shall, however, make the most of our resources and enjoy ourselves the best wiy we can. Tho ?xodus henco to Gimpy Creok has com paratively speaking ceased, the gold fever having mhsided. Comkminc, Dec. 23. 