ae STUESDAY, SEPTEMBER 10, 1867. r Tns presefit session of Parliament is virtually eldied, and Ris Excellency will attend in person this afternoon to an. nbunce the formal prorogagtion for a few daysia During a pftrtracted sitting. ex tending over eight months, the public fu very naturally look for some beneficial results from the deliberations of their ' representatives. They had surbly difli th oient tinte to carry out one or two By measures which would have been advan. tajreon td thd country. The catalognue, hpwever, orildbors dachieved, id whehiche tie Excellency gave his assent on Friday last, is not only a short, one, but also one which contains very littlo'serioHYt legiSla' 1- tion. The programme laid down at the ly beginning of the session was an im pbrtant nonq,.containing, ulefol bills -for c- ensideration, bht with.tlfep.najority.'df )- these measures members estlier' had not r'"'the ability to grapple,, or 1vere afraid t4 insist on carrying diem thirdughb. The S'principal billswhich liart become latw'eo the Tariff Bill, the Royal Mint Bill,; the S'Iisser Law.:Amendment Bill, and the Transfer of Lafnd Stattite Amnendment Bill, not-one of- these being of pri 'sdary importance or+ specially affecting .the weollbeid~ o f hs colonyI There was a!fund of wp9?cpq1 be got through, but the resuilts are rem'arkably imperfect. Whilst measures' of: essential advantagn '~t the country; have been thrown aside, the time of the bAssbm'b'1 has been recklessly squahdeied inn discussing breaches of privilege and qiuestions touch idg the ldnour of the House. The usual farce of bringinagthbe 1roprietor of sgme t journal before. (the bar of;f tim House been carried oit'on two occasions, and. committees have wasted daiys and 'ieeks in endesavoeriin to riaintdni the honor of the Victorian Parliament-to see that the ptliti~ d dbs oT thein fellow member? s C w'-em -i-igds- 4le. Un ,d" ?m'v?+ • h s-i L .n."ihrn has k-?ne3nr& il 1-iMr s ? i was brought ins z+ =' a" Is' fide tensfres, sis res;c - ass;c ·'43T 3LSxa &sid; ~e~ ed ,his ustr w nSirjidR nmief i t:ii HIsoa s ti. a ý. tm imse b i eas en musof- .dtismasnd a e thati0 350l5f .di n 1iif r' dif5Rlm ., tau L ~2 miiisnt theav lre?n mf ansf i~t. Uit rifbthe ir rll this gvars i inf swnEl Sint hos Income 'o The ltillla.'wiisdn e uresonied isaon r jh e 'thr ,slereagterer of interent? , an e a e ainttion r lill, whichi thw ' ri nit?idy felt .mnrtali?i the w oeed "cur with e lDowerIld witasxhil has been r thrawm. The Attnrney. General, after brioging fh oneasure for. ward, was afraid td test the issue of the Sdebateon the Seconid reading, and with drew it tbe P?blicans.ihll was shelvei'd; 'all the medasres which were intendedito n improve the law reliting to mining have Sbeen reckoned among the' slaughtered innocents, and a few temdporary clauses, which would' idot takd 'mbrd i than half in hour'si wriHtiik, have been adoptedTiThe same coutrse his bden' pursued with the bills relating to shire and borough coun. cils ; and unless a sum be placed on tohe entimates corresponding to the dedril. tion to be made "in the' Governmaliste snubsidy; our bridges may fall to decay' and our roads remain impassable. The JMining Companies' Limited Liability Act, has been similarly driealt with, and the Bill relating to the inspection of ninsed, fid the appointmeet if mining insj ei brs, has been meroely drafted toenaible hon. members to hiave an oppdrtunity df endeavouring to understand it during the dcsess; anpd last, although the most im, portant, the Insolvrehay Law Amendment , Bill has been thrown asidd for tihe tenth I time. There was no use in makingsubsti. tution clauses for this act, ais it'required ai general revisions, and' edhisequently it nashein shelved'altogether. Th6u'A'sem ly ha: wound 'uj by effecting; almost nothing; and leaving the iountry' i?n inI extricable confusion."' The ' prorogation' will; hosever,'bo a' short one, and on the a reasemblii, of the Parliament, Mid the tdjsistment of impending difficulties, we 'trust that these, measures Which so much require amending will receive the serious atteltion of hcd. members. i i In order to encourage the investment of a ''pital in the further developmdnt of our g miness directlegislatidn is necessary. The (1 -Wines tnd Spirits Act needs to be re- T modelled, but especially the Insolvency Taw ought to be taken into consideration. The great lault of 0the existing law is its 'tendeney to.centrahisation, and the injury If which it inflicts on up-country creditors. h Several attempts hake been made for the introduction of a clause providing for the bstablishment of local courts in other J nitsa of the colony beside? Goelohg apd Beechworth. but they have proved in. at effectual. The airgiintcnt used agninst tl this provision is, that in many cises ofin. F solvency the majority in number and value oathe creditors reside in Melbourne, and that it would be a great inconve tionco. and expense to them to travel td distance tip the rcantry to attend meetings 7E for the proof of debts. The supporters of city monopoly, however, forget that in hi their anxiety to draw as mush business ps possible to Melbourne, they inflidt an injury en the very men they would ri b6nefit. and by confining the examination I3 of insolV'nts to the metrorolis they suffer Iii many unscrupulous speculators to go n- 't,u iunlmshed, and thus estates which would of produce good dividends if disposed of in the district where the business was carried on. are often found insufficient to defray P' the law expenses of proof meetings after br sequestration. Thie trader vwho does not WV hesitate to defraud his creditors, finds n in very good protection in the present law-, ~r when the court to which hlie is amenable is hold ata distance of perhaps a bhunded wl miles or more. ie has little to fear if he he neglect to make a full and fair disclosure -t and sunrrender of his property, for he is thl well aware that although there arc many ' residing near him who could giveo material evidence, will refuse to do so. lest by putting themselves forward as witnesses, they incur a consider able amount of expense and gain nothing for themselves. As long as he can aP the pend to his schedule a balruce and credit 10 account, he troubles himself very little afterwards, and hence we so often see in r. the reports of the insolvent Court pro m ceedings that "neither insolvent nor creditors were present and nothing was yd; done." As long as this obstacle is thrown , in the way of the administration of jus st tice, mercantile swindles will continue to tlls be of daily occurreict,; eslaces will 'be at fraudulentlv consigned, and creditors will reluctantly suffer the slelinquents to escape punislrment.becauso-thlt cost of action would be greater than the original loss. Si Whilst the establishment of local courts s0 in the coldny would bh hailed as a boon by the inhabitants, it would entail very little additional expense on the Govern muent, The county court judges could act in a double cgtcity, and being an \- quainted with the districts over which they preside, would be in a position to form s proper estim'atO of the value of the testimony given in cases brought on for adjudicatjon. is ill iLatest telegrams inform us that the Ade In- c corn markets have improved slightly. 7S Sales of wheat for export were made at 4s" 4d. lie A sale if 250 tons of flour is reported at a ial prise which has not transpired. In the eir Sydney markets breadstaffs are inactive. The sitting of the Sale General Sessions commenced yesterday before His Honor Judge Brewer, and a Bench of magistrates. The whole of the cases in the calender, with the exception of that of Wm. Martin charged with cattle stealing, were disposed of, but in each case where a conviction was obtained, the prisoner, according to the general routine, was remanded for sentence. At its rising, the court adjourned until nine o'clock this morning, when the remain ing case will be heard, and the prisoners brought up for sentence, after which it is probable the civil cases will be proceeded with in the County Court. It will be seen by advertisement, that 100,000 sleepers are required for a railway in India. Tenders to be sent in to Messrs. Pearson, English and Peck. If the Gipps land tenders be successful, there may be a good trade carried on in the, district in this article. The return single wicket match between nine of the McLellan's Straits, and three of the Lowlands, was played at the latter station, on Saturday, and was again won by the three. Mr. C. Mackintosh obtained the highest score for Lowlands, two and fourteen; and Mr. W. Taylor for McLellan's Straits, four and one; Mr. N. McLean for Lowlands, scored nine and four. The umpires were Messrs. B. Baxter and S. Blurton; scorer, Mr. R. Fitchet. The accounts lying for payment at the office of the Receipt and Paymaster have lately been considerably diminished; owing to the dead-lock. A portion of the £300,000 which was passed in the Upper House on Thursday, will probably find its way to Sale by the Melbourne mail to-day, when the mail servants in this district will receive the two months salary now due to them. The Wesleyan Church Bazaar will be opened today at ten o'clock in the building lately occupied by Messrs. Thomas and Mackay. The premises have been very taste fully fitted up by the committee and there will be no lack of substantial articles to be disposed of. The bazaar will last three days and the entire proceeds are to be devoted to the liquidation of the debt on the Wesleyan Church in Cuninghame-street. The objects of the bazaar should in themselves warrant liberal patronage, but apart from a christian appeal to the public the ladies give their assurance; and that should be sufficient, that they are able to offer for sale a great variety of fancy and useful articles inluding chil drens' toys, ladies' and childrens' wearing ap. parel, with a varied assortment for gentlemen purchasers. Live stock are also to be disposed of, and farmers will find nearly everything they require in the shape of grain and agri. cultural implements. This notice should be sufficient to secure a full attendance, and we trust when the three days are over the committee will find that their labour has not be in vain. We learn that the Wellesley Company, Stringer's Creek, washed up on Saturday, having 4,707 ounces of amalgam. They will probably finish! retorting to-day, when they eocpee?ta iettitrof sobinotlgl ike sil ounces tieb the ton, which ought to gi?d a dividend df S7perslmre. ,,t ,. . -.''"" . Mining leases granted to the following persons have been declared void:- E. Hayes and another,: a lr 2p, North Crinoline, Don nelly's Creek?; L. C. McCarthy and another, I·i Or 37p, Edward's Hill, Donnelly's Creek; L. C. McCarthy and another, 7a Or Ip, t Edward'i l.ill, DinoUlly',Creek; A. Doyle and another, 16a 2tz.20p Longfellow's, Strin ger's Creek; R. T. Firebrace and dnltlior, i (mineral) ?10 acres, 'sat of Cooper's Creek, Thomson River; J. H. Christie and another, (mineral) 45a 3r Ip, east of Cooper's Creek, The following title deeds are now ready for issue:- Jessie Buntine, Tinamba (2); Messrs. Doherty and Bennett, Bairnsdale Mr. Michael Goold, Bairnsdale; and Mr. John Justice, Alberton East. During the trial of the prisoners Lawrence and Harrington, arraigned four burglary at the Sessions yesterday, the prosecutor, a Frenchman, could not make himself understood by the jury, whereupon Mr. Alfred Butler voluntarily undertdok to in terpretate the evidence from French to English, thereby averting the difficulty. A very sad story is thus told by a Sand hurst contemporary, under the title " The- t Last of the Life Governor." The individual P rdferred to subscribodl sulcieont to the local Benevolent Asylum to qualify hiltdself s aa life governor of the institetltion. li subso-. quently applied to be admitted as an inmate b of the asylum. The sequelie thus inarrated:- m "Thomia Tomkins, the man whobuliberally t patrdnised our chapitablo institutions, was brought \ip at the Genoral Sessions on Weotesechf and sentenced to three months' Pa ifprhsoinment for obtaininggoods under falei pretences. After having been a sobhr hard. working man for many years, during which lI he hail saved £140, ho squandered the whole m of it in drink. The poor fhllow in court said th that he thought he must have boon mad Cc hesn he was thus dissipating his eavinge." to On Sunday afternoon, whilst some children were playing near the Foster-street Bridge, w in the course of contruction, a little boy about six years of age, named Cupit, fell from one of the logs, in a waterhole. Messrs. English and Stead happened to be passing at the time, and ascertaining the cause of the children's screams, Mr. English jumped into the water, and brought the boy to the sur face. Had he been a moment later, the little fellow would have been drowned, as he sank the third time under the water. Our Melbourne correspondent furnishes he the following original ghost story :-" Al ill though we are now in the nineteenth corn to tury, I find the old supersittions are not quite exploded, and that there are some people who still believe in ghosts and such 'ts like supernatural agencies, although I must n confess I am hardly astonished at it when I 1y find the success that attends on lecturers on clairvoyance, electro.biology, mas'netism and such like rubbish, but I must say I was never :h more confounded than this morning, when to a gentleman whom I have always considered ie Ierfectly sans (but who~:L fancy, is now a or candidate for the neare?nlunatlc asylum), re lated to me, in the most serious manner possible, the following story, under a pledge that no names were mentioned :-Manuy \- months ago, In one of our most respectable F. neighbourhoods,lived a fawitly unamed A L, who'hid a person stopping with them for a a short time niamed M -. This person after a leaving them thi'I up the country, and died under father mysterious circumstances; in as fact,there were some suspicions of murder or Meanwhile, the A- 's had left t??i house, a" which was let to a third party. All won w, well, end the family were highly delighted with their new residence until a certain sd night (whidc night turned out to be the 13 same that M- died on), when com le menced ;a succession of most mysterious Sioisea, which have continued until the pre 5l' 'sent day'. These have been of the orthodox t character usual to ghost stories, such as the s soiind of footsteps walking up and down the Sstairs in the dead of night, noises as of heavy d bodies falling in home of the vacant rooms, and last, but not least, all the bells in the it itsso will suddenly commence ringing Stithout. any perceptible agency. All of .these, my informant gravely tells me, with e the mostssolemn countenance possible, that a he himself has heard and eeon, but can give is no possible clue to the causes,,whilch, in my dwn mind, I. believe could be traced -to i something belonging to this material world, f andnot to the world of spirits." Great distress prevails among the diggers at Myer's Creek. Many of them have ex pended all their money on these diggings without reaping any benefit. The contrac tors for the Government reseervoirs have re ceived more applications for work than they can entertain ; but it is said they seldom deny the applicants a day's employment to assist them in procuring the necessaries of life. The accounts from the rush are very dispiriting. Prospecting, haso ceased, and there is no such thing as shepherding. Un less some new discovery is made at once it seems probable that this goldfield will be deserted in a very few weeks. A frightful accident oteured on Thursday morning at the Merri Creek bridge. A stock rider named Thomas Bradbury was driving some cattle over the bridge when the horse he was riding slipped, :edis',manan arij horse, went clean :over,,the, bridge, and fell a distance of 40ft. The horse was killed immediately, and Bradbury was picked up more dead than alive and ponvoyed to the hospital, ibifl he ilel in a very precarious state. In reference to the deficiencies of the late official agent for Ballaarat, his Honour Judge Rogers, sitting in' the Ballaarat Court, of Mines on Wednesday, obscrvodtLat- tpeak. ing froiim ainlogy with English practice-he fell sure that the Government would pay the amdunt left in the hands of Mr. Carver, shoduld the assurance company not do so.' A meeting of free selectors has been held at Learmonth, at which it was decided toex. act a pledge from candidates for election to Parliament to the effect that they will sup. port a land bill providing for the commute tion of rent into purchase-money, and giving the selector power to purchase at the rate of £1 per acre at any time within ten years. "A duck," says the Ararat Advertiser, was killed on Friday last by Mrs. Scott, 'the occupant bs a farm at Langi-Ghiram, and on being opened and dressed two penny. weighte of gold were taken from the gizzard. The housewife, it appears, placed the gold in a teaoup, into which she. afterwards inad vertently emptied some jam, and one -of. thb housdhold coming home withi an appotite *hilh reqitired early appeasing, devoured both'tho gold and jam on a substantial lige of broead. The man who. partook of the ddatly meal was rather i'atoniBhtlp when' he learned the quality of one of the condiments. }Ve have not heard whether Mrs. Scott will 1 kill more ducks for the sake of their gizzards; bht dloso attention will in future he given' to the whereabouts of their fooding ground." The Government Gazette notifies that the following nlining lease will be granted after the expiration of one month :-W. Walker and another, New Era Quartz Mining Com plany, about 18a, Store Creek. The Castlemaine Daily Newr complains of I waht offemdteloaccomdditidu in tlhd gaol of that tows. Says that journal:--" It is niot long I sinco that we had to rOordl that in ilnfortu. P nato womnla had to be chained Iy tuhs log in e thd atoro.rddm, anld eoi thou alho istinoged I ti ease the constable's clothes chdst of a silver watch. On Thdrsday tlhounlortunate - *oman Fab|il(who roCedivel a eontoensc o hix I month's) had to be looked up in the storo-e. 1' room the night provious (whslethelr chlainedtO d tip or not cannot hd said). It aippeare th tlhat lattierly the poultry helosging to the hi police hald sacledtotl a corner in this store P libro to lay their eggs, anl tllheyoung larly,- oe oi looking about hier irn hlier so,,litdo, caughlt v sight of tn6, all usndoubtedly tlilnkikng that it bIy ap~t?pHtitg thems they might Iobe nldil a useful, accordsligly pock?ted thems, and liI of useo olone i tlhoen in hoit rovengo upo dur as wortly justices, two of ewhom hall a very har6iar cFatle,o for the one thrown hy lhei s passed between thela hnoods of our i'olico tIs Magistrate and Mr. Urquhalrt." ar In the Supreme Court, on Thursday, in rd .I Mlasterton v. Oibhsoy, Mr. I c. L Smyth, ti moved for a nrulo nsl for ionsnult, or to roslue sh the damages as contrary to evidence. Tire of Court granted'a rule only to rodico damngol wril o og11 -o The Chinam nt who was arrested by Con stable Redding, shortly after the attack on poor Bromley, was brought before the Bench on Tuesday, and remanded for fourteen days. The circumstances attending the capture of the prisoner have, notwithstanding the gra. vity of the charge on which he was arrested, an exfremely ludicrous aspect, as told bythe correspondent of the Star:--" Redding and a detective from Geelong had been out scouri.g the plains, when at some' distance they espied a Chinese on foot, carrying a large swag, and in recollection of t?ei bur glary recently commited at Camperdown, it at once struck them that probably the Chinese war laden with a portion of the spoil. Accordingly they gallopped forward to him, and inquired of him as to the con tents of the swag. The wayf.urr not being satisfactorily communicative, Constable Red ding dismounted and examined the swag, and finding it to contain a quantity of now clothing, he forthwith took the Chinese into custody on suspicion of hid having been cor cerrnd in the burglary. The Chinese then became doggedly obstinate, and refused to walk along, and the detective dismounted, and John was plilcd otf the horse. Con. stable Redding then remotrrtod, carrying the awag, and the Chinesu and he walked their horses forward leisurely along the plains, the detective bouing on foot. Before the prcession had pfoceeded far, howover, the Chinese suddenly urged his steed for ward, and away went the animal as fast as it was able. Constable Redding, of course, at once gave chase, but his horse being some. what inferior, and the coostalle also being greatly impeded by the siez and weight of the swag, he was soon distanced, and the Chinese for a time had the course to hid. self. Unfortunately for him, however, a flight of hurdles soon presented itself to him in the shape of a fence. Nothing daunted, nevertheless, John dashed forward his horse amain at the obstruction, but the spiritless brute, like whatso many of its fellow-char. gers in the force would do, absolutely turned tail, whereupon John leaped off, and letting go his faithless steed, darted through the fence and set off on foot. Eventually the constable, with his horse, blowing like a grampus, arrived at the fence, and tried to clear it; but his sorry scrub showed no more iiottle than the other, and the con stable was obliged to hook the bridle on the fence, and elamber through and renew the pursuit'of the fugitive on foot. T(to Chinese by this time was far ahead, but the con. stable held gallantly on till he came up with his quarry, when he again bagged him; and marched him off to the Rokewood lock-up." The Rangatira brings Sydney files to the 3rd. The bushrangers John Egan and Patrick Ryan wore brought before the Bathurst Bench on the 199h nlt., on a charge of rob. bery under arms, and remanded; The dead body of a man had been found between Gil gohon (the station of iMr. W. E. Dargin) and the Barwon, about four miles from the Mara Creek. From Apfearances the body most r.: have been expoend for some time, being per it fectly dried ppt Near, the remains ,wero a be natchbo, with a name, apparently Cameron or Campbell, and also a billy, blanket, mole. y skin trousers, anda shirt. The remains haid I pot been identified. ng The man named Joseph Wheeler, supposed so to be the perpetrator of the Rokowood out. !dj rage, was remzanded from Williamstown to rd Geelong don Friday, and was to have been x brought before the police bench on Saturday p morning. It appears that he reached Wil. is liamstown sometime on Monday, and stop. as pod at a public house, where he seemed rest less. People remarked hisnot walking about eo in the day time: When the report of the e outrage appeared in the papers, a little girl f as reading it in the house, when on some L. pretext he got possession of the paper and s retained it. The child told her parents, and y the father, having his suspicions of therman, gave information to the police. He was ar. rested by Senior-constable Sullivan. The man nafied James Killeen, remanded at the Goelong Police Court froi the previous day, h bn a charge connected with this case, was 1 ;brought up again on Friday; and on the ap. plieation of Sub-inspector M'Namara, whb said there was no evidence to criminate the' prisoner, he was discharged. The victim of the crime is still progressing favourably. The following minute is published in the t Police Oazefte :-"I hereby except officers, sergeants, and oonstables of police from the opoeation df so much of soclion 4 of the Civi Service regulations as provides that all otfi., cerC attending in their official charaoter, ' under a asnpnea or order, to give evidence or to produce papers in any court, shall at tend such court in performance of and as d part of their official duty, and forthwith pay over into the consolidated revenue, and shall duly tutor and account for, all fees re. ceived by them for the performance of such duty, and shrlill transmit to the heads of their P branch an account and vouchers for all the .1 necessary expenses, it any, Incurred by them a .n the performance of such duty. This ex. eeption shall take effect from the let Jane. di ary, 1807. (Signed) JA.oli Mi'CoLrocu, A Chief Secretary." a Speaking of the little Value of the Panama mail route to Tasmania, the Hobart Town Mercury of the 3rd instant remarks:--'The Panama mail is now due in Sydney, and we may look for tolegraphid news by the next Mlelbourne arrival. When we shall got papers iy that route is another question al. P together. So difficult a problhmt foe would ti like to iundortakelo to solve. Last month, we got them asillciently early to be able to fore th tall that ?,rtion o the Sure mail by one day. n Thant is to say, w got English plers by the Parrnmn root0 to the lind of Juno, just one dlay earlier than we got Englisah papers by. the Suez route to thre 20th of June. But we have not always been so fortunante with the 'Panamrra mail as we were then. Nothing more dC oren he rcllrirodl, we tIhirnk, to show ti0 utter vet valniolesaloo5 of tile routo to ie,. It doubt. reji lons arnswers tine Irlrlroao of New tcaland aRItd New Soratha WVlho, but it can sover be nof ual valueo to any of tie etheor colonies , . nid least of all to this." Thire Now South Wales Government have recoiveid liforrmatlol by thie Itanama mail don that the Ilecrtrald lpreal ono Ihas been lIeu argued lefim hir .l ului:.!l tioinitte of tire nd I'rivy Council. Thie orgumeotta lasted over the greater ptrt of two days. Tholtr Lord. at I ships roeurrel iudgmnout. Ths (olrtconstisl od of the Leordt Chiif Barort of the Exoeeauer, sent with Rir Flturoy Kelly, Sit- Tm. Erlo Si'r ta Jo?h Taylor Color~idg, Sir ldward Vaughan Williams, Sir IRichard Sir Lawrence Peel. Sir Fitzroyley a the coeke of the proceedings, intim t opinion that no new trial could be ire case of felony. If, therefore, t ra ashi should be of that opinion, th of the Government will be allowed, anp conviction of Bertrand will atand good fact, however, of the Full Court here c directed that certain evidence ft properly sent to the jury,will doubtlol an influence on tihe action of the Executi. The anaeversary of the Forester's was held in the ball room of the Em" Hotel, Walhalla, on last Thursday er There were about 50 mmbers, rcpre the various friendly societies, Presesy sat down to a magnificent repast proi for the occasion by Mr. Carver, Mlr Br.aL who happened to be on a visit from 8h assisting to superintend the splreid. Ate the usual toasts were given and lree to the tables were cleared, and the il afforded. an opportunity of indulgiagleoi "light fantastic" exercist to the very able music of an excellent band. The did not separate until the morning ws advanced, when they left highlypleasedvrt tho nights entertainment. Miss S. Thorne a female preacher, s has lately eno from Queensland, is maldk a sensation amongst the people of lout3 MIorine and Barrabool, whore she has les addressing crowded congregations, with sp, parent effect. Queensland intelligence to the 30th is to hand. A proposal has been made by Captain Hope, of Cleveland, to the effect that if the farmors in the Brisbane district will guarantoe to cultivate five crope of lgo cane, to the extent of 500 acres at each roo he will undertake to erect a sugar mill Norman's Creek. The mill will be avaody after the first crop, should the eonditionlt complied with, the first ehop to'be mom, factured into sugar at the Clohelaad mil From an acre of yellow Bourboh cane, gro? at the Pimpana plantation, th'e fit yeey cutting, over threeb tons of dry sugar w obtained last wCele. A tradesman of lBrilea city has received instructions from a leadi firm in Melbourne, to" ascertain the pdied fifty hogsheads of bbef cured by' Morg0'j procesS, to be delivered and shipped at Ne. castle, New South WVales, for shipment t China. Owing to the success which he at. tended the importation of South Seahlalden and their empiloya.ent in this colony, ait says the Times, very probable thai a go demaml for their services will at once ei, The ten who arrived at the Fairney Ltar cotton plantation in the early part of tia week, after enjoying a day's spell, weal ib work with a right good wilL Theyarev?r intelligent, and are exceedingly quick h apprehending what is required of them rit very alight instruction. They are ii nominal Christians, and some are teoleni scholars and attentive to their religho duties. So confident is their employer d their turning out well, that he has nmd arrangements for procuring ten morefr I the next shipment. We understand thi Mr. Lewin will shortly start again for 4 Islands, for the purpose another imports tion. 