? AMINEK'S U;Z£ STORY. ? (From Temple liar.) Bui,. Gloicr was Hie prettii-st lass in the pit K Uir eyes were of the sweetest blue ; ?Checks were like a rose ; ard ycu nii«ht Be thought her browu hair was the fin st ?* T°en s! e bad a figure like a fniry, it ? en trim ? and with a «? Blyncnd almost I I Tov'd .Nel'.v, but as for that, nil Hie E /hmia in the tilla-e were rf tbe same E\ndfhenugh l'»ve had her pick, of us : ?r0' . _r:^ ,.nc *lin trp ted us all alike, an J ^r worst 01 'u « *??*» '? — — , ? ' , ? _.0Mldn't looU at one more t'mn anothc-r. thad a smile for everybody, a A was «1 -ays Ktempered, but there it endt-d, aad, sonic ff none of us could s^ew up courage to try ?further I don't know how often I though Kr.r It came iuto my head lirat thing in ? morning, and there it remained the hist ?L »t nieht 'hen it either kc-pi me awake or Kted my 'dreams. At last .t quite to k EV.sion of me. No matter where I was dig E Matting, or tunn.-llmg ; above ground or En in the pit ; my thoughts turned on N-Sly ?rfrom beng the roi-rricst fellow in 'h^ li- ft 1 just came to be the dullest. One nrrn ? there was n. work in the pit for my gang, fcusc U;c viewer wanted thi-t part if tliu'pit Bed up. and it .truck me, all aL once, that I Eld have it ont with Nel'y, so I made myself Ert and set off, walking as if it was a wager. K may think it conceit in me, but I can pay K 1 was then as clever a dmp to ItoIi nt :?- ^Ht I began to walk ft bit slow when I caught ^Kt of Mrs. Glover'., cottage, ami I felt a dread Ky heart But I went on, and I ju t got up ^Hthe cottage, when wko should come out but HEy herself. She never looked prettier than ^Bthat minute i but, appearing so suddenly, ^Hp dashed my spirit, and I hadn't a word to ^B to !ier. ^H*.Wuy, Charley, what is tbc matter .'' she ^Kd, in a frighted sort of way. ^MFWel', it was just this.' I Eaid. And there ^H'ls anything wrong with Jack?' she cried, ^kskly. ^Ef Jack !' ^H' Yes, he is down iu t';e pit, and they Etiy it ^^Bpul, which makes mother and me uneasy, ^^?u haven't heard anything} And slie looked ^^?jny eyes as if 'he would search me though. ^B* No, m 1' I answered, steadying, now that I ^Kught I could comfort her. ' He is all right. ^Bp mustn't mind what the old women of the ^Hage say, or you'll be looking for a blow-up ^^Ery day of the year, when there is nothing ^Hfre than common, I haven't come to yon ^Kut Ja k, Nelly ; it is about myself.' ^?She Pave mc another look now ; then her ^Keks flushed up like a flame, and her eyes ^Bned away. ^K' Do you know what I want to say, Nelly!' ^Brent on, ' I wish you did, for I can't tell it ; ^Hs more than I hare got words for. How I ^Ke you, how you are always before re, how I ^Km crazed and mad about you I But though ^Kan't say all I wont to, here I stand, and I ^Kuldn't change with a king, if you'll take me HI am 1' ^B' Ab, Cliarley I You don't know how you ^Bin me,' she answered. ^K'D n't say that, Nelly. I doubted about ^?caking to you, but now that I have done it, ^BV lli'tj can't go on deceiving myself, if you BSve any pity in your heart, ehew it to me, B* I I will cherish you to the day of toy death .' ??''It is no use, she replied, '1 can never BYftrry a pitman. I gave the promise to mother BSd Jack when we walked up the village at tbe BVneral of my poor - father and brothers, all ?vree killed in the mines— our great sorrow, Bvich I can never think of without crying.' ?EAnd tbe tears, it is true, were running down Bvr clieeka. though, for tbe minute, she teemed ?? me ti by- !,arder than stone. And I seemed ?vrned to ttone myself. I had no recollection, ?k fefling, and no j»en«e, apd I couldn't have ??pved a step to' lave my life. Then it all BV-she4upon me like lightning. I took a last BVok at Nelly, dropped my head on her breast, ??id, without a word more, walked put of the Bj Our village seldom looked bright, no matter ?v the sun shone, and now I felt as if the sun ?jould never shine again f 'r me, so, as my eye Bj»ll on the line of cottages, with the clouds BjfcngiDg down friJm abore, aid nothing round ?jut a waste, I thought I might bb well be in my ?pave as continue to live there. B tides, I ?jioald always be meeting: Nelly, perhapB lurk Bpg about her mother's cottage, and making her ?V miserable as myself. Why shoul n't I go ?way, to Yorkshire, to Derbyshire, or to the BVggings in Australia, for that matter! The Motion, if it was good for nothing more, gave me ?^littte spirit It turned my thoughts, and I ?fepped out brisker, going straight . home. I ?bdn't much to settle there, only to bid good ?we to the folks I lived with, and I soon came ?ptf P'ck on back, and began my tramp. ?T I stopped at the moor, looked back, remem ?tring I might never see the place again, and, ?v*malas I now thought it, with its gaping ?f-Us and shaken roofs encumbering the black ?fed ground, I hid been happy there. Not one ?V tbo:e tumbUng'cottJges but opened ju door to ?Fei not one where I wouldn't meet » friend. ?Vidtnere I'had been born j it * as the spot of ?fcrtb'thaVeyen inftat hour of bitterness, I ?pved best, and I didn't turn away without ?fashing my hand over my eyes. ?JLugwitliacraih which shook, the ground. J* ?u»w what it signified; such sounds denote but ?we result m'ilie'ljlack cbulnlry, and, throwiog ?fcwnmypaok, I darted off to theptt, with the ?W-B8 vh' animates erery 'intn^'pn such occa Hllpoa. B It didn't seem « minute before T came to the ?jut-lieapi round the^ 'pit's nioatb, but some ?jrere there betbre me^ ? and .the* ioff-men .and ?*e women were tusbing.«p from tbe tillage in ?% stream. ?The tmell from the pit almoft ?Vnockedmo back as I came up, and I had to ?ret my breath a little when three or four or us Brept on to the medtb, and' looked down. The ?iploaion had destroyed the cage, not leaving a ?nick of it, but it hadn'tinjured the signal rope j ?nence a means of communication remained for ?teyone Immediately ielpw. As soon is I saw ?dis, I set to work to 'rig a croai-bar, and pre ?enUy had it ready! ?f 'Just lower me gently,' I said to two banks ?nen. 'I may pickup one or two, if there's E411^ near.' B' 'You can't go down yet I' cried tbe viewer. ?' How many are in the pit T' ? 'Half- an- hour ago there was fifty,' replied ?the time-keeper » 'but I am thankful to say Whey all lame up but ten.' ? ' And they are lost,' aaid the viewer; 'for ?there will be another explosion directly.' 9 ' I'll go down, anyhow,' I said, doggedly; ?* and if nobody will lower me, I'U jump ?down.' ? A good many were on the heaps now, men ? and women — some of the women crying, and tsome praying ; but when I spoke ont that way [there was a dead silence. Then two or three IcaUnd ont, 'Good-bye, Charley. God bless ? you, brave lad.' Tbe banksmen lowered me taown, and I sank through the pit's mouth. A I Davy-lamp was tied round my waist, and I I held a rope in my hand, so that I might signal I to be hoisted up if the air became too loul. But f I had no intention of going back till I had I searched the pit and seen if there were any I alive. One thing, I didn't care about my life ; r and another, I would have been ashamed to f (ace the folks above withont doing something, I so I felt impatient that they lowered me at I such a snail's pace, and I kept looking up and I looking down to measure the distance yet to be \ travel -L The shaft hid never seemed bo j deepWme before. I (trained my eyes into the r darkness below, and saw no bottom ; 1 glanced I up, and the gleam of light above grew smaller ; and fainter. I scanned the walls of the shaft ? and marked only their black bound. Bat my progress was notified by the increasing density of the air, which began to affect my breathing ; and as 1 went on I had to shift my face from side to side to make a little current At last my feet touched ground. I looked round as I jumped off the straddle, and saw the furnace was out, which put a stop to the ventilation of the mine, as far as it de pended on the brattices, and no air entered but by the shaft The stench was overpoweriog, and, from this and the silence, I guessed tbe worst tt was plain (hat the explosion had killed the horses, for not a sound came from we stables, which were close to the shaft; and what hope coulil there be for human beinas in a I distant part -il the pit? You may be lure I didn't etuml to make these reflections ; they floated aen-ss me, and I was working furvard l)cf.,rc they had got through my mind. I knew tin: ..Id mine blindfold ; but what with tbe foul smell, anil what with the gln.ini, and my short ness of breath, I was gome' minutes scrambling t» the top of the incline, keeping my anns stretched out, as 1 went along, to feel for auy tiling in the way. Aud it was lucky I did, or I should have dashed my head against some empty truck?, and in the state 1 was in, that would have finished me. Thus I reached the first gallery, which you could only enter stooping. I jiushed open the trap, and went on a few steps, thougL my Davy- lamp was what Jiitmeii call 'a-lire,'- the flame being all blue — and I knew that the atmosphere was 60 much gunpowder. But 1 Btumbled along ; if I was'nt to save anyone it did'nt matter what became of myself, and I pleased myself with the thought that Nelly woul.l hear [ h;ul di.^d in the at tempt. Aud then, all at once, it came iuto my head what she had said ahuut her brother Jack being in the pit. This gave my heart such a turn that 1 quite staggered, aud the perspira tion poured from my forehead like water. I rushed forward as if I was mad ; my foot struck something ; 1 bent down over what seemed a corpse, aud the gleam of the hmi- fell on its face. It was Jack Glover. I did'ut know whether he was alive or dead, but I caught him in my arms, aud with the strength of a giant, and tbe speed of a deer, hardly conscious, hardly breathing, I made a desperate dash for the shaft. I was easier work going back, when you were once in the main, or horse-road , for now the shaft was before you, instead of behind ; and, though you wouldn't think it, tliis made a won derful difference in the light. Dark as pitch it still was, though not to a pitman's eyes, and 1 had found out that Jack breathed when I reached the shaft. The discovery nerved me afresh, and kept all my senses at work, without my seeming to know it. I ouly felt that there would soon be another explosion. So I placed Jack on the straddle, and taking tbe cord from my Davey-lami), tied him hand and foot ; then nulled the signal-rope, aud as the people above hauled tbe tackle, and lifted the straddle from the ground, I hung on by my arms, thus we be gan to mount the shaft. It wasn't till we had got twenty feet up that I felt the strain of standing on nothing, but, from that moment, it became just terrible. My hands seemed ready to snap ; the ache in my arms spread through every muscle ; my head spun round ; and my feet kicked about in an agony. I watched the mouth of the pit till my eyes swam, and as I reckoned the space between while my strength waned, and my misery deepened, I thought I must drop before I reached the top. Then they began to hoist faster. I mustered all my strength ; I got a tighter grip of the straddle, though my fingers were growing numb ; I steadied my feet, and hardly trusted myself to breathe. I could see the walls of the shaft ; I could feel the purer air ; I heard voices ; and presently tbe tackle swung, stroug arms caught me round, and I was landed on the bank. They had Jack Glover off the straddle before you could look round, and he was carried away, while they raised my head, and poured a little brandy in my mouth. I called out for the viewer. 'What is it, Charley Batsou ?' he asked, bending over me. ' Is everybody away from the pit, sir ?'I said. ' You are right,' he answered ; it will come in a minute or two.' They got me to the top of the bank, when I heard a scream, and there was Nelly, trying to throw herself on her brother Jack, but kept back by the other womenfolk. Sbe never glanced round at me I I wished then that I had stopped in the pit, or let my self drop from the bar, as 1 came up, and so escaped seeing her again. But I made up my mind that 1 had looked on her for Ale last time, t told my helpers that I could walk now, and when they let go my arms I turned towards : the moor in tending to pick up my pack, and., drag on at least to the next village. But I could no more walk five miles than I oould fly. When I came to my pack, I Bank down by it, and felt that I must give up. I was so beat, that though there was now ano ther explosion at the pit, as I had expected, and though it shook the ground under me, I didn't lift my head. All I thought of was stretching out my arms and legs, and lying quiet. How long I lay there I never knew. But, by degrees, I recovered a little strength, and my thoughts took more shape, when I de cided to return to my old lodging, and have a day's rest before I set out on my wanderings. The day passed, and the night, and the next day, and I was still in bed, the good folks tending me like a child. My limbs, which had been racked with pain, now felt easy, and I was ready for a start again. But I thought there would be opposition, so got up very quiet, and was putting on my things, when the room door opened, aud to my wonder, in came Jack Glover. 'Hilloa, Charley, here we arel' he cried, seizing my hand, aud giving it a hearty squeeze. ' Who would have thought of us being alive to day J' ' Well. Jack,' I answered, ' I am glad for you, but I shouldn't have cared for myself.' 'How's that!' he asked. ' Because I have something on my mind.' ' yon I' he said, laughing, aud giving me a little push. ' Here, Bit down and have a pipe, and it will go off like the smoke.' ' I don't care if I never smoke a pipe again,' I said, savagely. 'Now, ill tell you what it is,' said Jack: 'you've been having a tiff with our Kelly.' ' I haven't,' I answered, my cheek burning. ' Well, you know best about that,' continued Jack, ' but it's what I guess, because you were seen talking with ber, and she had a crying fit directly after. Aud when she heard from me that it was you brought me up from the pit, she fell on my neck and fainted. ' ' Didn't she know it before!' I asked, re lenting. 'No.' 'Then I'll just tell you all about her and me,' I said. I was a long time telling it, but Jack sat up as if he was listening to a play, or a sermon at chapeL I gave him a description of Nelly that would have done for the Sue and Cry ; went into all the feelings she had raised inmy breast, and told him how I had watched for her, thought of her, and dreamt of her ; and finally, recounted our last colloquy. Jack never moved a muscle, and not till I stopped for breath did he put in a word. 'JWt you think you've been a little fast, Charley !' he then said, dubiously. 'How do you mean 7' I answered. ' Why, in giving up so. Suppose when Nelly said she couldn't have you, you had put your arm round her waist, and said she must!' This view had never struck me, and rather took me aback. ' But there was her promise to yon and her mother never to marry a pitman,' I urged. ' So there was. But did you never hear that promises were made to be broke !' ' I can't say but I have,' I muttered, clap ping on my hat ' Where are you going 7' said Jack. 'You wait here a minute,' I replied. With that I took two strides down the stairs into the road, and hurried off to Mrs. Glover's cottage. I stood outside a minute, when I opened tbe door, and the first thing I saw was Nelly, sitting by her mother, and looking like a ghost ? only ghosts never look pretty. She gave me one look, and then started up and sprang into my arms. My heart was so full I couldn't speak at first, but I thought that I must do something, so I -slipped my arm round her waist, as Jack recommended. Now I felt sure of her, and of all ike happiness the world could give, and, as my breast swelled proudly, I be gan to bear a little malice. ' Ab, Nelly I if yon had only loved me 1' I said. Nelly tightened her arms round my neck. ' How happy we might have been!' I con tinued. ' Then we can be, Charley, she murmured. 'How Nelly! We can never marry, you know.' The little fingers unlocked, and I felt Nelly falling away, but I remembered Jack's counsel, aud held Kelly on the waist. ' Thi.-re'a your promise to your mother and I Jack,' I continued ; 'how are we to get over ' I forgot that,' faltered Nelly, as white as a sheet. 'And what do you say to it, mother?' I cried to the old lady. Mrs. Glover got up, and took Nell's hand and put it in mine. ' That's what I say to it,' she said, heartily ; ' and I know Jack is of the same mind.' ' And this is what I say to it,' I cried, giv ing Nelly a kiss. Ami you won't be surprised to hear that we were married the next week. And now I am the viewer nf the colliery j and as for Nelly, sbe will tell you that, though she has married a pitman, and has her roughs and smooths, like other people, there is no happier woman in the kingdom. 