COUNTRY LETTERS. TEMPLERS, July 31 Red rust having ruled for a time with his iron rod, has been deposed and succeeded by hard frosts and sharp weather. Dry cold winds prevail to a great extent, and sharp frosts at night. The first meeting to arrange for the ploughing match took place at the North Star on Wednesday last, when it was arranged to take place in Septem ber next. ... Our Institute seems to flourish although in its infancy. It is a promising little one, and if our fair neighbours patronize with their wonted energy it must eventually succeed. The diggings are making a great stir, and many are leaving the neighbourhood for the certainly not "flowery land." Fears are entertained by some that as the result we shall be short of hands at harvest-time, but I think these fears premature. Private accounts so fluctuate that it is impossible to determine whether prudence or insanity will predominate. Certainly some insane sacrifices have been made to raise the money to pay the passage to Gympie. THE DARLING, Wilcannia, July 20. It commenced to rain yesterday afternoon, and all through the night we had a fine, steady, and soaking downfall. It still continues to rain at intervals, and there is every appearance of our getting more of it and of its being a general rain up aud down the river. Of such a blessing we stood much in need, and although it has come late, its beneficial results to the squatters on this part of the river will be great. Another lot (14,000) of the A.P.L Company's sheep have just passed here in charge of Mr. Quinn. I could not learn whether their destination was Melbourne or Adelaide, or if they are merely travelling for feed. The rain will no doubt prevent Burton's Circus from arriving and performing here this week as intended, as the roads will be very heavy, and feed on the frontage is very bad.—Southern Argus. WENTWORTH, July 27. The last week has been enlivened by the constant arrivals and departures of the river steamers, the captains availing themselves of the now consider- able rise in the Murray, which has risen about six feet here, and accounts from the Upper River speak of a much greater rise above Echuca. The rainfall in Wentworth has also been considerable, two inches having fallen in about 36 hours. A sad instance of the danger of supplying the aboriginals with liquor has occurred. A party of blacks obtained somehow or another a case of grog, which they conveyed to their camp and set to work, drinking bottle after bottle until two of them absolutely died from stupefaction or suffocation; at least this is all that can be elicited from the evidence of the blacks who were examined at the Coroner's inquest held on the bodies of the black fellow and lubra who died such a dreadful death. The inquest, which was rather a protracted affair, on account of the difficulty of getting straight forward replies from the natives, was held at the Court-House on Saturday morning, Lieut.-Colonel Russell, P.M., the Coroner for the district, pre- siding. Mr. E. Felgate was chosen foreman. The verdict arrived at was that the deceased met their death through apoplexy, caused by excessive drinking; at the same time appending a rider deprecating the practice of supplying the natives with strong liquors. The Victorian Government snagboat, which arrived here on Friday, is from Echuca on a survey trip.—Southern Argus Correspondent. STRATHALBYN, July 31. The immense flocks of white cockatoos, which have lately been committing their devastating ravages on the newly-sown land adjoining Strath- albyn, present a most extraordinary appearance. Should they continue to pay their unwelcome visits, the farmers will find it necessary to take some steps to get rid of these somewhat unusual but scarcely profitable visitors. We are sorry to hear that Norton, who broke his leg a short time since in the township, is still lying at Mr. Walsh's in a critical state. It is a great pity that in such cases as these the District Council have not power to forward the unfortunate sufferer at once to the Hospital; but it appears that before they can do this a number of red-tape forms have to be gone through, which, of course, involves con- siderable delay. Authority ought to be given to the District Council, in cases of urgent necessity, to ad- minister instant relief. In the present case the sufferings of the poor fellow are increased tenfold, while all the requirements of the circumlocution office are being complied with. The splendid bell which was presented to the Presbyterian Church at Strathalbyn by Mr. E. Stirling, was found on arrival to be too large to be accommodated in the bell tower of the church; consequently, other means had to be adopted in order to place it in a suitable position for calling together the congregation of the church. A sub- stantial framework of wood has therefore been erected on the southern side of the church, and on this the bell has been swung at a distance of abont 12 feet from the ground. It was fixed in its place on Thursday last, and upon being sounded, gave out a full and clear sound, which must have been heard for a considerable distance. It is now, we believe, ready for its mission of calling together the congregation of the church for divine worship. The ill-treatment of horses by driving them with sore shoulders is frequently a matter of complaint by persons travelling on the overland route, and through the vigilance of the police-troopers Messrs. Cobb & Co. have to make periodical con- tributions in the shape of fines for having horses in that condition. A case of this kind came before the Magistrates' Court, at Strathalbyn, on Tues- day, July 14, when the defendant (Mr. W. B. Rounsevell), one of the firm of Cobb & Co., made a lengthy address to the Bench, in which, having first made a complaint against the authorities for singling the firm out while others were allowed to go scot-free, he placed before the Bench, in a very lucid manner, the great difficulty which they experienced in regard to their horses; and notwithstanding that they took every pre- caution, they were not able to keep their horses free from sores, and they had at present upwards of 70 spell horses between Kingston and Meningie. It is well known that the roads on the Coorong are, in their present state, in anything but a pleasant condition to travel over. They are, as Mr. Rounsevell says, a succession of sandhills, and under the terms of their contract Cobb & Co. have to push their horses over these at the rate of eight miles an hour, including stoppages, which virtually makes it about ten miles an hour. This rate of travelling renders it not only very uncomfortable to passengers, but the poor animals also have to suffer for it, as the sand is thrown up about them by their hoofs and lodges under the harness, and the horses being in a state of perspiration, it speedily causes sore places, especially under the collar, and infor- mations are laid and fines inflicted under the Act. Thus the contractors are in the unenviable position of being placed between two fires—on the one hand they have to go at a rapid rate over bad roads under a penalty of 1s. for every minute they are behind their time; and on the other hand they are subjected to fines for illtreating their horses by driving them with sore shoulders—a matter which they assert they find impossible to prevent. Even the Magistrates on Tuesday last thought that the case was deserving of some consideration; but their duty was, of course, simply to carry out the provisions of the law. One point urged by Mr. Rounsevell was that the Act specified and fixed a penalty for the wanton illtreatment of animals, whereas in his case it was not wantonness, but a necessity; and, although he may be to some extent correct, yet, as the Court put it, if they were to adopt that view they would have to carry out the same law in two different aspects, and, doubtless, a good many cases of necessity would arise, and the object of the law in preventing cruelty to animals would in a great measure be defeated. Messrs. Cobb & Co., no doubt, find these fines accumulate to a con- siderable sum during the year, and they have fore- shadowed an alternative, which they will have to adopt if it continues, namely, to obtain an in- creased price for the mail contracts, in order to provide for these contributions to the revenue. Under the circumstances we imagine that the only plan that can be adopted is to push on as speedily as possible the improvement of the roads, both for the sake of the poor animals and safety of the public generally who may bave to traverse them.— Southern Argus. STREAKY BAY, July 31. The aborigines mentioned in my last have been brought before Mr. Richardson, S.M., convicted on three charges, and each sentenced to cumulative terms of imprisonment amounting to two years. The Tommy, schooner, arrived here on Monday last, 16 days out from Adelaide, she having been to Fowler's Bay to shift sheep before coming here. Great complaints were made of the delay by store- keepers, publicans, and others who were in need of articles she had on board, and many hopes are expressed that some other parties would lay an additional vessel on for this coast. The Lucy and the Tommy, the only two now trading here, both belong to the same owners. The weather has been fine and warm with occa- sional showers. PORT LINCOLN, August 3. Business, like the weather, is very gloomy at present. Tradesmen are grumbling at their long- standing accounts and the poor prospects of pay- ment. Perhaps when spring-time comes I may be able to give you a more cheerful report. At present, owing to the low rate of wages, coupled with the high price of provisions, the labouring classes find it a really hard matter to subsist on their scanty pay. The Port Lincoln ploughing match will take place shortly, and some little interest seems to be taken in the forthcoming match by the farming community. We trust that it will receive a fair share of patronage from the wealthier classes, seeing that many of the competitors have to drive their teams a distance of 15 or 20 miles. The prizes awarded on past occasions being very small, were considered by some of our best ploughmen as hardly worth competition. We are informed that the Trustees of the Port Lincoln Mechanics' Institute are in treaty with the Trustees of the Baptist Chapel, which has been closed for nearly two years. We think that the officers of the Institute have taken a step in the right direction by endeavouring to obtain the use of the chapel for a reading-room, library, and museum, rather than allow it to fall to decay with closed doors—a monument of mismanagement. About a fortnight ago as Dr. Stedman was return- ing to his residence, accompanied by a little boy named Keley, the boy's attention was attracted by a rustling in the bushes about 100 yards from the beach. On proceeding to the spot, he ran back to Dr. Stedman, and told him there was a strange looking animal in the bushes. Dr. Stedman re- turned with the boy, and found that a full-grown seal had come on shore for the purpose of accouche- . ment. Several gentlemen visited her during the night, and between 12 and 1 it was found that she had an increase. A rope was placed round her neck, and she was left for the night. At an early hour on the following day she was visited by a number of ladies, and during the whole of the day crowds were attracted to the spot. An excellent photograph of the seal and her young was taken by Mr. Hall, photographer, late of Hindley-street, Adelaide. The seal remained with her young until the following night, when she abandoned it, and has not been heard of since. During her stay on shore, she allowed her self to be handled, and appeared very docile. The young received great care from the person who took charge of it after the departure of its mother; it was fed on flour pap, and appeared to thrive well, until a drink of milk was given to it on Friday, when it sickened and died on Sunday last. We have had plenty of rain lately, and the ground is saturated to a considerable depth. The creeks, which were all dry last winter, are now running, and are in some places impassable. The Duck Ponds contain abundance of water. The roads are in a frightful state, especially the un- metalled portions. PORT AUGUSTA, August 3. On Friday evening, July 31, our Histrionic Society gave another entertainment to a large and highly-delighted audience. The evening's per- formance commenced with the "Artful Dodge," which was well performed, and a comic song, "The Organ-grinder," called for an encore. The affair concluded with "The Area Belle," which kept the house in one continual roar of laughter. The whole was a marked success. The performers as amateurs are getting better up in their parts; and were the stage only larger, with suitable appliances, stage fittings, &c.; they would compete with any amateur Society in South Australia. They deserve credit for trying to amuse the public generally. The weather is beginning to get warm again towards noon, but the nights and mornings are very cold. There are a great number of cases of hooping-cough amongst children, whilst older ones are all complaining of colds, coughs, sore throats, &c.; The last few days there has been hardly any wind at all, the Valiant having been detained several days before she had sufficient wind to get steerage-way; but on Saturday last a light breeze sprung up about noon, and she made a start down the Gulf, the captain's patience being nearly worn out. She left here short-handed. One of the crew having proved refractory, was committed to Red- ruth, and no seaman could be had. A few showers of rain would do a deal of good now before the hot weather sets in. NAIRNE. August 1. On Friday evening, 31st ult., a lecture was delivered by Mr. A. A. Light in the licensed schoolroom, on "Natural History," in aid of the funds of the Nairne Christian Mutual Improve- ment Association. There was a moderate atten- dance. The chair was taken by Mr. J. Ryder, President, who briefly introduced the lecturer. Mr. Light then proceeded to lay down the funda- mental principles of the science in its division into kin(g)doms, &c.; then selecting the animal kin(g)dom, he very lucidly referred to its various other classes and families, finishing his lecture with a concise description of the principal members of the class mammalia. The lecture, which was interspersed with many amusing anecdotes and illustrated by drawings, was listened to with the greatest attention and delight. In responding to the vote of thanks Mr. Light intimated his willing- ness to accede to the wish of the Association by delivering another lecture on the same subject shortly—an announcement which was received with great pleasure. We are also anticipating the pleasure of a lecture from Mr. John Dunn on his recent visits to the neighbouring colonies. BLINMAN, August 3. The weather appears to have settled down fine, and is gradually getting warmer; and although we have from time to time had the satisfaction of re- cording genial showers, I am informed by a gentle- man who keeps a record from gauge that up to this time there is a great deficiency as compared with last year to same date, 1867 showing a fraction over eight inches, 1868 a fraction over five inches; consequently we are still dependent on late rains to ensure a sufficiency of grass for the summer months. We hope August and September may supply the desideratum. The continuance of cold, frosty weather which has prevailed for some weeks has retarded vegetation, and the grass has made very little growth. The mail-coach on Sunday last was full of pas- sengers, under engagement for the mine; and on Monday morning returned with a similar number, who, it is supposed, are making tracks for the Gympie Diggings. I understand the next mail is to go to the new Post-Office in the mine township. I am informed that retrenchment is made in this department here, and that the Postmaster—who has charge of the last sorting-office northwards, and who has to devote the afternoon and some hours of the night on Sunday and half the Monday in making-up and delivering mails, besides having the responsibility all the week, and having to supply a twopenny stamp whenever required, also to give a bond with sureties for £100—is remunerated with the muni ficent sum of 5s. 9d. per week. In addition to the duties above enumerated, the Postmaster, at his own cost, has to find suitable offices. The Post master-General probably calculated that the con- tractors for the conveyance of the mail would require increased subsidy for the additional dis- tance; and so to meet the case made the reduction in the Postmaster's salary. Here is an instance of increased duties and reduced pay. On Friday evening the natives who stop about the mine in considerable numbers indulged in a little warfare among themselves, the result being some severe wounds about the heads and bodies of the belligerents. The Protector, Mr. Buttfield, discharged the duties of surgeon in attending on the wounded. BURRA, August 5. The Rev. L. W. Stanton, M.A., gave a pleasing entertainment at the Institute on Monday evening last. The programme was exceedingly attractive, and the pieces elicited unqualified applause. Mrs. Smith commenced by executing an overture on the piano in a masterly style. The Rev. Mr. Stanton read during the evening "The Legend of the Bell," "Drat the Cats," "The Lost Hunter," and "Mr. Sprouts at Ascot." Master Robert Cowper and Master Forder, two of Mr. Stanton's pupils from the Burra Grammar School, read the former the " Fakenham Ghost," and the latter "John Gilpin's Ride," with pleasing effect. Mrs. Smith played another overture, and a duet with Miss Perry, and Master Cyril Stanton sang with Miss Young "The Duke of Athol's Courtship," and a solo "By this heart cherisheth." Mr. E. Moody favoured with " Come into the garden, Maud," and a duet with Miss Perry from the Christy Minstrels. In addition to these a duet played by the Misses Mary and Maria Drew, and one by the Misses Young and K. Stanton, filled up the programme. A small sum was charged for admission, to be devoted to the purchase of gymnastic implements for the grammar school. To say that the room was full would not convey a correct idea of the numbers, as the building was literally crammed with listeners. The Wesleyan Mutual Improvement Society held a soiree in the schoolroom on Tuesday even- ing. Mr. J. R. Stephens initiated a discussion on the efforts of the poet, statesman, and warrior on the civilized world. In this discussion Messrs. Ridgway, Lane, and Oldham took part, and afforded amusement and instruction. Messrs. Lipsett, Oldham, Opie, Chewings, Bodinner, Newlyn, and Ball recited with good effect. A crowded audience filled the room, and testified approval by hearty applause. The Rev. D. S. Wylie presided. YANKALILLA, August 5. The annual meeting of Yankalilla Institute was held on Tuesday week; Dr. Millner, J.P., Presi- dent, in the chair. The report showed progress during the year, about 60 volumes having been added to the library, and a new book- case, seats, and platform provided. Dr. Millner and Messrs. Foale and Howie were unanimously re-elected President, Treasurer, and Secretary respectively, and Messrs. Lewis, Goode, Gewery, Hibbart, Skinner, T. A. Martin, and Macfarlane were chosen as members of Committee for ensuing year. After the meeting a lecture was kindly delivered by Mr. B. F. Laurie, S.M., on "Ancient English Poetry and Minstrelsy." Mr. Laurie is a good reader, and kept up the interest of the audience capitally. He was much applauded, and a hearty vote of thanks was tendered. The fine weather of the last fortnight is bringing on the crops nicely. We understand that a Church of England clergy- man is at last about to settle among us, Mr. C. W. Morse, B.A., of Cambridge, having accepted the nomination to Christchurch and the missionary cure of this large district. We believe the matter will be finally arranged and Mr. Morse's ordination proceeded with as soon as possible after the return of the Lord Bishop to Adelaide. WILLIAMSTOWN, August 5. On Tuesday, August 4, we had an entertainment in the schoolroom for the benefit of St. Peter's Sunday-School Library; the Rev. H. Read, M.A., in the chair. Sweet duets by young lady amateurs, solos by gentlemen, and capital choruses by the choir were given. One very young gentleman recited particularly well " Casabianca." But the gem was a Caudle Lecture by a humorous friend, who entered so thoroughly into the spirit of the piece that it was difficult to believe the reciter a bachelor. After other pieces, the National Anthem closed a successful reunion. The evening was delightful, and a bright moon shone overhead. WELLINGTON, August 4. In noticing the death of the late Mr. T. Lam- pard in my last letter, I should have stated that it was 18 months ago when Dr. Herbert was called in to treat him for cancer in the face, which had reached such an advanced stage that the patient was rapidly sinking. As a last resource. Dr. Herbert skilfully performed a very difficult and painful operation, and I have been informed by competent authority that the worthy doctor was the means, under Providence, of prolonging Mr. Lampard's existence for some time. SKILLOGOLEE CREEK, August 3. The district roads round here are about to be re- paired, not before wanted, being in a disgraceful state. I wish I could say the Government roads were to be repaired. Disgraceful and dangerous as these are, they will get into that state spoken of by an old writer as "abominably execrable" before any steps are taken. Some are discovering incipient signs of red rust in the hill crops round here. It is sincerey hoped that the curse of last year will not again deprive so many of the means of subsistence. The plains crops seem perfectly free from any symptoms o infection. MORPHETT VALE, August A meeting of ratepayers was held in the Emu Hotel on Monday, 3rd inst. About 20 were pre- sent, and Mr. S. Myles took the chair, when a rate of 1s. was declared on the assessment. The neces- sity of a vigilant Ranger was pressed upon the attention of the Council. Payment by salary was suggested, but was considered to have a tendency in the wrong direction, and payment by fees was carried. The Tires Act came in for a share of criticism, there being different views of it, but all agreeing that a few alterations were necessary to make it effectual. Confidence was expressed in our M.P.'s dealing with it when brought up for review. We are being deprived of that necessary appen- dage for the preservation of health—a dispensary— which has been kept here for the past year or two by Dr. Bewicke. He is now leaving the district, and there is a general feeling of regret, best wishes being expressed for his future success. The warm weather for the past week has given better hopes of the wheat crop, although already we perceive some fields submitting to that plague, in both senses, to the farmer—the takeall. Labour is plentiful, and the Council are doing their best to absorb it. KAPUNDA, August 5. On Sunday, August 2, His Lordship the Bishop preached two excellent sermons and confirmed eight young people at the Church of England. The new portion of the building was sufficiently finished to admit of their making use of it on this occasion. The attendance both morning and evening was very large, and I am informed that some people were unable to obtain seats. On Monday evening the members of the Bible class in connection with the Congregational Church held a tea and public meeting. The tea was well attended, there being more present than on similar occasions. The meeting was also well attended, the church being quite full. Mr. W. Lewis, M.P., presided, and commenced with a short address. The Bev. M. Williams followed with the report—a very encouraging one. Recitations were then given by Messrs. B. Cameron and C. Green. The Rev. M. Williams followed with the first part of a dis- course on Egypt of an interesting and instructive character. Recitations by Messrs. R. Thomas and A. Gates were next given, and, after some singing, the Rev. M. Williams concluded what he called a few remarks, but was considered a good lecture. Mr. Will delivered an appropriate address. Reci- tations were again given by Messrs. Conigrave, Bishop, and C. Will, and votes of thanks closed the proceedings, which had been most interesting throughout. MEADOWS, August 3. The contract of Mr. Hough, between here and Dashwood's Gully, is so far completed that the bus is able to come along it. This is a splendid piece of road, and reflects great credit alike upon the contractor and Overseer of Works. Mr. J. Fry's contract at Bull's Creek is progressing, and when these contracts are completed we shall have a good macadamized road to the city, with the exception of a patch here and there, which the Central Road Board will no doubt give their earliest attention to. On Thursday, July 30, the Young Men's Associa- tion gave their monthly entertainment, consisting of readings and recitations, with vocal and instru- mental music; Miss Julia Hall presided at the harmonium. Miss Fanny Hall sang "Maggie's Secret," "No one to Love," "The Minute Gun at Sea," and other songs, and was loudly applauded. The following took part in the entertainment: Readings, Mr. J. S. Jones; recitations, Messrs. T. C. Simpson, D. H. Simpson, Z. H. Jones, W. Gibbs, W. Ellis, W. Pearson, T. Cook, and Masters Ellis Lymburner and Archie Lymburner "A sham breakdown." This was the crowning piece, as was amply testified by the applause following. The parts were so well acted that those in the secret thought it was bona fide. The piece, an original one, was written by Mr. A. L. Lymburner for the occasion. About 120 persons were present. The growing crops are looking healthy in some places, but are backward, owing to the extreme cold we have experienced. In other spots they are looking almost as bad as they can—the com- bined effects of wet, rust, and cold. MOUNT PLEASANT, August 4 A pleasing sign is that this township still main- tains its hold on public confidence, notwithstanding its present depressed state, resulting from the failure of last year's crop. This is apparent in the exten- sive and commodious buildings now in course of construction, some intended for public business and others as residences for private individuals who are leaving other districts to settle in this, thereby infusing new life and enterprise into our midst. Alterations on a large scale are being made in the Talunga Hotel. Already over a thousand pounds have been expended, and the work is still incomplete. A change has also taken place in landlords, Mr. Daniels having assumed the manage- ment. The new building for the Bank of South Australia is, I believe, to be proceeded with imme- diately. On account of the site to be occupied, it will, when completed, greatly enhance the style and beauty of the township. A ball given by mine Host of the Totnes Inn to a large and fashionable party of this and ad- jacent townships passed off with great eclat. Dancing commenced at 9 o'clock, and continued, with occasional intermissions for refreshment, until morning. Every one was delighted with the amusement kindly afforded by Mr. and Mrs. Schofield. Green feed is being cut, and the young crops generally are looking strong and healthy. The weather is all that could be desired, the sun's genial rays after the late rains causing the grain to germinate and show itself above the ground in an incredibly short time. Some steps are being taken to obtain the services of Mr. Montgomery before he leaves the colony, and although a large number of our townsfolk have taken a trip to Adelaide to hear him, there are many who would gladly avail themselves of such an opportunity of hearing so talented an actor. The contract for the road between here and Springton is being carried on vigorously, and when completed will be a great convenience to the districts. CLARENDON, August 5. Our long-talked-of Court-House has been begun, and the men are engaged at the foundations. It is a pity so handsome a building should be buried behind some inferior ones, which exist on the adjacent allotment, merely for the sake of an outlay of a few pounds, especially when one resi- dent gentleman has engaged to defray part of the expense. It is gratifying to learn that the want of a resi- dent medical man, occasioned by the removal of Dr. Motherall, is to be shortly filled up. The weather continues fine, and the farmers are getting in their early potatoes, &c.; Pruning vines is also being vigorously carried on, and digging among them will shortly commence. AUBURN, August 5. The anniversary services of the Wesleyan Sunday-school took place on Sunday and Monday last. The days were beautiful, and a great number congregated. The Rev. J. G. Millard, of Adelaide, preached on Sunday morning and evening, and in the afternoon the children were examined on the life of Samuel. On Monday the children mustered for a few hours' play before tea, and then did it justice, followed by the adults. Afterwards the chair was taken by Mr. T. Thomas, supported by the Revs. Millard and Greer, and Messrs. Christ- mas, Moyses, Johnston, and Howard. The Superintendent (Mr. Johnston) had hit upon a novel plan for explaining how the school had advanced since its formation about a year ago. He had a large plan, in the centre of which were the words, "God bless the Sunday-school;" on the sides, "Feed my lambs" and "Jesus is the children's friend." In addition to various emblems and devices, in one place there were six stars to represent the number first enrolled, then 49 others, the number now attending. Although I have seen many devices for Sunday- schools, and heard many ways of explaining the statistics, of a school, this was the most novel and plain. Many mottoes were hung round the church, kindly sent from the Burra. The choir, which visited us three months ago, favoured us again, and their sweet and harmonious voices tended much to the happiness and success of the anniversary. The anthem "The Earth is the Lord's" was beautifully sung. Several lengthened addresses were given by those before stated, and Mr. Millard's address was received with marked effect. Amount collected, £25 15s. The weather continues very warm, with heavy dews at night, which keep the feed back. Trade is not brisk, nor will it be until shearing time. GAWLER, August 6. M. Vertelli gave an entertainment in Gawler on Monday, the 3rd. He walked across Murray-street on a half-inch wire rope and performed other feats, after which he went into the Oddfellows' Hall and with his troupe continued the entertainment there. A large number of persons witnessed the outdoor performance, and possibly thinking it the best kept their money and did not go in. Those that did enter the Hall were pleased with feats of strength and skill. A lecture was delivered the same evening at the Congregational Chapel, Gawler, by the Rev. C. J. Evans, on "The Cities of Bashan." There was a fair attendance, and the audience appeared much pleased with what they heard. The choir sang well several anthems, which were absurdly enough cheered in the same manner as ordinary songs or glee-singing. Thanks were accorded to the lecturer and choir at the close. Mr. W. Montgomery gave an evening's recital in Gawler on Wednesday, the 5th, in connection with the Gawler Institute. The Hall was com- fortably filled with an appreciative audience. SALISBURY, August 6. On Thursday, July 30. a meeting was held in the Wesleyan Chapel for the advocacy of the Home Mission cause. There was a good attendance, Mr. Win. Scott presided, and animated addresses were delivered by the Rev. G. W. Patchell and Messrs. Gillingham and Novis. At the close the sum of £17 18s. 11d. was announced as the Salisbury con- tribution to the funds. On Monday evening an entertainment was given in the Assembly-room in aid of the Institute. The programme was of a miscellaneous character—a lecture by Mr. C. S. Hare on Fiji and New Cale- donia, and music and recitations—and the way in which all was carried out gave satisfaction to a large company. The lecture was graphic and inte- resting, the music was for the most part creditably rendered, the vocalists being Mr., Mrs., and Miss Poole, the Misses Litchfield, and Messrs. Loades and Linnie. Two recitations were effectively given by Mr. Wm. Davey, jun., and Mrs. Poole efficiently presided at the piano, the brass band also con- tributing. Thanks were accorded to the Lecturer, the Chairman (Dr. Fisher), and others. Vertelli and Company paid us a visit on Tuesday evening, and gave an exhibition of some of their gymnastic feats. The attendance was rather limited. The surface of the ground is becoming very dry and hard, and a little more rain is regarded as a desideratum. SHEAOAK LOG, August 4. Last night was the first meeting after the open- ing of our Young Men's Society. A fair sprinkling of members were present, and fresh life was in- fused by several new faces. Mr. Holder opened a discussion on "Coal Mines versus Gold-Fields." Most of the members were in favour of coal. The meeting was then devoted to reading and recita- tions. STRATHALBYN, August 4. In the report of the steam sawmill at Blackwood which appeared in your issue of last week, it should have been stated that the property is owned by Messrs. Nutt & Tonkin, who are partners in the concern. The bell presented to the Strathalbyn Presby- terian Church by Mr. Edward Stirling being too large for the tower, has now been hung in a strong turret of timber erected for the purpose. The bell is loud, and of very sweet tone, and may be heard on a still day for miles away across the plains on the southern side of the church, whilst on the northern side the sound is almost lost from the fact of the church itself intervening. The beauty of the church is by no means enhanced by the turret referred to, although substantial and well erected. We hope in the course of a little time to see a tall and substantial tower reared for the reception of the belL Mr. Close held a sale yesterday of a portion of a section of land (the property of Mr. B. Hooper, of the Terminus Hotel) laid out in allotments as Strathalbyn South. We have now Strathalbyn proper, Strathalbyn North, South, and West, and want Strathalbyn East to make us, I suppose, a city. The sale was a spirited one, and the land, about six acres, was divided into 30 allotments, which were sold at from £14 10s. to £91, or in all £944 10s. The Strathalbyn division of B Troop drilled here yesterday under the command of Cornet Gollan. Mr. Dixon, the Manager of the Bank of South Australia, accompanied by two other gentlemen, have been here this week making arrangements for opening a branch establishment. They agreed for the occupation of Mr. Bosisto's new building in the centre of the town, opposite the Presbyterian Church, with a view to immediate action. We hear that Mr. Lillywhite, of Gawler, is the Manager of this branch. PORT WAKEFIELD, August 6. I understand that the owners and masters of the coasters trading between here and Port Adelaide are about presenting a memorial to the Marine Board, asking that beacons or buoys may be placed in the newly-made channel, as at present it is often difficult to find it in daylight, and quite impossible at night when the tide serves. Amongst our social signs of progress must be mentioned the formation of a Mutual Improve- ment Society, under the presidency of Mr. James Malcolm, and active measures are being concerted for the opening soiree. The want of a medical man is often felt here. The other day a carter in the employ of Mr. Fer- guson was ill. A telegram from Dr. Wall, of Auburn (36 miles), was received, stating that he could not come down. His charge is from £5 to £6. Dr. Peel, from Kadina, was then sought and duly arrived—distance, 37 miles—but at a cost of £15 15s. He, at the same time, intimated that his charge was generally 10s. per mile. At the above rates medical aid is a luxury that very few can afford to obtain, and as the population increases a doctor will be an absolute necessity. Persons arriving from the inland district inform me that the wheat crops are looking very promising. Since the fine weather, what has come under my own observation within two miles of the port looks exceedingly healthy and strong. Some more rain would, however, be very acceptable. MARRABEL, August 7. The Trustees of the Marrabel School held a meeting on Tuesday, August 4, and accepted the resignation of the present teacher. The weather is delightful; but the crops look very backward. Trade is dull, and cash scarce. 