THE NORTHERN TERRITORY QUES TION IN THE TOWN IT ATI.. j The Parliament to which we are chiefly j indebted for the Northern Territory muddle has ceased to exist, and over its new-made grave an indignant public have been holding a conclave extraordinary on a certain unsatis factory clause in its last will and testament. The deceased is said to have somewhat re sented the neglect of the Government to ask its dying advice on Captain Cadell's report. East Adelaide is also said to resent the slight put upon her by the Treasurer in! revealing important State secrets to i alien constituency. Mr. Reynolds, when! he had made up his mind to bell the~ cat, with regard to the Iand-order-holders ought, she thinks, to have done it nearer home. But j he was not to escape with a marine echo of ' Cabinet deliberations sounding confusedly amid red rust and broken-necked jetties. The city resolved to know more definitely ; what the "wild waves had been saying" at Victor Harbour. The meeting began and ended with a liberal display of recrimination, and, to make that part of the ceremony complete, the members of all the Governments which have been in office since tbe Northern Territory Bill passed 1 ought to have received special invitations. It is a curious if not significant fact that the Ministry which originated the Northern Territory scheme was, with one excep tion, the same that is now being j called to account for its failure. The Act which has attained to so unpleasant a notoriety among the lawyers as No. 23 of 1863 was introduced on the 1st October of that year by Captain Hart, as Treasurer of i the Ayers Ministry, which included also the present Attorney-General, Commissioner of | Crown Lands, and Commissioner of Public Works. Had Captain Hart been in Mr. Reynolds' place we would have now in office the very Cabinet in which the Adam Bay expedition was hatched. The rash Erediction that this colony would never ave to pay a penny for the Northern Territory is rising up like the ghost of Banquo before the Ministerial Macbeth. Fortunately for the discredited seer there was no "Hansard" in those days—no witches' cauldron of printing ink from which the' shadows of the past might issue in procession stretching out to the crack of doom— " Black spirits and white, j Red spirits and grey. Mingle, mingle, mingle, I If ou that mingle may." The witches who have set in motion the ; "double, double, toil and trouble," which is to swallow up Mr, Reynolds before his time will have some difficulty in finding one of the ingredients of their cauldron. After rum maging old files to their hearts' content, they may be unable to bring home the false prediction as clearly as they might wish to the political Balaam. It is undeniable that there was in 1863 a general understanding, both in Parliament j and throughout tbe country, that our local revenue was not to be liable for tbe cost of settling the new territory. It was to meet this universal feeling the scheme of prelimi- j nary land sales was proposed and adopted, j They supplied the Government with money for i preliminary expenses, which otherwise would i have had to come out of the local exchequer. 1 The distinction between tbe general and this special revenue was further marked by tbe Government representing itself as the agent of the embryo colony, and charging a com mission on tbe proceeds of the land sales. One sanguine member of the Assembly would have had the Northern Territory Fund at once debited with the cost of Stuart's expedition. But few had any misgivings as to the land not being taken up, and fewer still doubted tbe practicability of giving the purchasers prompt possession. The first stage of the experiment seems to have been taken for granted, and the only subject of apprehension was how the settlement would succeed when left to itself. The word failure was seldom heard, and even the few alarmists who damped the general enthu siasm did not anticipate that we should be thus foiled on the very threshold. The dilemma in which we are now placed was inconceivable in 1863. No one dreamed of it, or would have ventured to tell his dream, if he had. The question what should be done with the pur chasers of land in the event of the contract with them proving impracticable was never once hinted at: In .the Wakefield jargon of the day, Palmerston was to be the nucleus of a " self-supporting colony." South Aus tralia, as its father-in-law, endorsed a few , accommodation-bills to enable it to com mence business, never doubting that they would be paid at maturity, and stipulating j that no further assistance should be rendered. The non-responsibility doctrine was a purely domestic understanding, and could not bar the claims of third parties. Now that the bills are about to be dishonoured, and the holders threaten legal proceedings, the endorser can hardly plead that the acceptor has all along been a man of straw. He set him up and gave him the use of his signature, uud secret clauses do Uot hold valid jn-commercial treaties. The worst jfcjb.a£ -can he said against the Government of 1SS3 is that they encouraged the dream of a edf-supporting colony. Hone of them appears to have gone the length of .denying. that any, legal., liability wonld be incurred; they only ignored too much the 'Contingency of its having to be enforced. The chief offender in this respect is understood to have been the then Treasurer, Captain Hart. In introducing the Northern Ter ritory Bill pnthe 1st October, 1863, he said— " The great point to be gained was that the whole expenses of starting the colony should be secured by the sale of the land, and the only way this conld be done was to hold out large inducements to first purchasers. • . . . It was believed that the sale of this land would pay the expenses this colony would be put to." The Commis sioner of Crown Lands (Mr. Glyde) com mitted hima^f still further. In moving the second reading of the Bill on the 13th October, he announced that "the,firstprinciple of the measure was to make the new territory self- supporting" In Committee the Treasurer ventured a second prediction, that "there would be a great demand for land, and then, if the money so raised were applied to the benefit of the new territory, its settlement would become a great success." Mr. Neville Blyth expressed quite a contrary convic tion, that "the Bill would be the occasion qf a jolly row." Can he have had a presenti ment of the day of reckoning which has at length dawned upon the prophesiers of smooth things? In the Upper House the Chief Secretary showed greater control over his emotions in speaking of the infant Romulus. " All the Government required was that J they should not be put to unnecessary ex pense. . . . They offered a portion of ! the land for sale, and if the public invested their capital in the country they would take the responsibility of carrying on the settle- , ment with every prospect of success." i \- It was on these terms the Adam Bay expedition was undertaken, with the full consent and approval of at least one branch of the Legislature. When the first repulse was experienced a new Government proposed to a new Assembly to retreat while there I was still something to save, and the reply j was that they should make a fresh start. The most fatal error of all was com mitted by the Blyth Ministry a year ago, in attempting to cany out iliis advice, when they must have known, from the practical information before them, that it was too late. They sent out a third exploring expe dition when there was barely time left to complete the survey. But the Assembly was not alone to blame for that. A section of the land-order-holders had also been clamou ring for further exploration, as may be seen by the memorial which they presented to the Governor in January, 1865. Therein they expressed their opinion that the delay of the surveys would be a smaller evil than over-hasty selection. To please them McKinlay was sent out, and when he returned empty Itanded they renewed through Parliament their demand for ex ploration. Again they obtained it, though they may fairly object to the four months' delay which occurred between the debate of October, 1866, and the dispatch of Captain CadellinFebruary,1867. But like Parliament, the land-order-holders were divided among themselves. Those in Adelaide had no sooner obtained their exploring party than their brethren in London complained of the vexatious delays thereby occasioned, and made it a ground for demanding instant restitution. Such errors as were committed during the first three . years arose from the too amiable policy of trying to please everybody. Bach successive Government was deluded by it, and time slipped away until the crisis came for acting on their personal judgment and responsibility. It was to the Blyth Ministry this crisis pre sented itself in February, 1867. They blun dered it irretrreivably in devoting to exploration even a single month of the period which would barely have sufficed for survey. The_ present Government may say that the die" had been cast before they took office; hut they are open to the-retort that if they could not retrieve the error of their predecessors, they ought not quietly to have allowed its evil consequences to accumulate as they have done. They have had more than one opportunity pf arresting the current of disaster, instead of drifting along with it. J Captain Cadell might have been recalled | when he came to Burke Town in August last year. Or immediately on his return a survey parly might have been dispatched with in- j structions to get as much land as possible ready before the expiry of the five years. This would have strengthened our position with regard to both classes of land-order holders ; for it would have prevented either of them charging us with a legal breach of contract. Those who wanted back their money might have been less exacting with regard to interest, knowing the weak point in their claim. Those who meant to insist on having the' land might have been far more reasonable as to the terms of exten sion. As it is, we are at the mercy of both, and the whole undertaking has to be begun over again. Finally, if the Government had not courage enough for a slight coup (fetal of this kind, neither had they any right to retain a responsibility for which they pronounced themselves unfit. It would have been better for them to have called Parliament together and relieved themselves of their precious burden. like an over willing donkey, they have held on until they got ~ beyond the reach' of assistance, and then in the faal break-down have smashed everything beyond repair. 