RETRENCHMENT is of no good either in the expenditure of Governments, or of private individuals, unless it is carried out. with a systematic vigour that will raallj effect a substantial saving. It is no nss to reduce here, and cnrtail there, in some matter of minor outlay, whilst heavier items are allowed to go untouched. Hitherto, when retrenshment has baen effected in the expenditure of the government of this aolony, it has been of a character calculated to produce no good whatever, Kay, more, all reductions that have previously taken place have, to & great extent, been marked by injustice. It has cot been the higher and better paid officials who have been dispensed with, or reduced, but it waB the lowest class of servants upon whom the reduction fell, and the saving of a shilling a day upon the smallest rate of pay wa6 the greatest extent to whioh anything like retrenchment was effected. Now, however, the present government has determined to make the most sweeping redactions in the different departments. Regretting, as we do, that so many individuals should be thrown out of employment, who will be turned broad-o&st; upon the country at the commencement of the new year, yet we feel that it is a case of necessity. The Government is quite right in laying the axe to the root ef the tree, and in bringing the civil service within a more moderate expenditure. Ihe compelling holders of office, who are sixty years of sge, to retire is also a step in the right direction, as tending towards a more effioient working of the publio service, and at the eame time affording, in many instances, the opportunity either for abolishing or amalgamating o&ees.; There is no doulit that in many departments amalgamation can easily be effected. The postoffice department is an example of this fact. During the time that Mr Bailey held the office of Postmaster-General he very wisely combined, in small towns, the post- offioe with the telegraphic office. Now, in carrying ont the rysiem of retrenchment this combination might be extended, and, excepting Melbourne, there is no post-office in the country which might not be combined with the telegraph office. Take, for instance, Castlemaine ; it is A matter of surprise that, long ere this, these two offices have not been combined in that place. The abolition oi all scientifie departments which are not absolutely required should be effected, and we are glad to perceive that a step in the right direction has bfen taken in doing away with the geological surrey department. It is ne time at present to indulge in useless expenditure, for it is an undonbted fact that although muscular industry has still a fine field, in this colony, yet there is a large residue of tha population here who depend upon the various kinds of mental labour, who are at the present moment in a very struggling condition, and we cannot shut our eyes to the fact that thess individuals form so mean part of our population. We say, therefore, that the time for determined retrenchment has now arrived. Amengst the many alterations contemplated we perceive that the offioe of coroner is about to undergo tome considerable alteration. Hitherto coroners, who are, generally speaking, medical men, had it all their own way. Instead of being paid by a fixed end moderate salary tbey have been remunerated by fees. This system of paying by feeB has from time to time been condemned by certain portions of the colonial press. The payment by fees is like payment by commission—a stimulus to increase business. This may be very' well as regards forwarding a commercial enterprise, but it ii manifestly imprudent and impolitic to extend such a system to iLquests. The sudden and violent death of individuals, it. may be argned by the fastidious, surely would never be made the subject of pecuniary gain, end no medical man would hold an ~ unnecessary inquest. We - say, however, unhesitatingly, that very many inquests have been held, and pott mortem examinations made, and the feelings of relative outraged by the unnecessary ose of the knife, when the cause of death was & matter of very little donbt: This is entirely owing to the system of fees. Had coroners known, that, probably, to hold this or that inquest, they would be "obliged to ride many miles, and receive no more pay than they would (being on a regularsalary) if they had stopped at home, many—rvery many inqnssts would have been avoided, fiut, it. yon give a coroner £3 2s for every inquiry of this kind he holds, and eo mncb mileage, u it not taxing frail humanity too far to expect that if there is any ground upon whioh an inquiry oan be decently held, advantage will -not In taken'of the opportunity ? In some of the Jarge towns in this colony the system exist of coroners employing the surgeons connected with the gaols to bold pott mortem examinations, and, in return, when lunaoy cases ocour. the Government surgeon returns the compliment by calling in the coroner as the second medical evidence. All" this arises entirely from the system of payment by fees. The Government, fully alive to th« evil to whioh we have been alluding, and also to the necessity for retrenchment, propose to introduce a new system. We cacnot say that the contemplated alteration goes far enough to satisfy us. It is proposed that all police magistrates shall be appointed coroners—the present holders of offices being made deputy coroners. It is intended that the coroners shall, in the first place, determine whether it is necessary to hold an inqnest. In the first place this system is objectionable as being likely to cause delay in holding inquests, and to our mind the system is somewhat cumbersome and round-about. We advocate a radioal change with respect to coroners. In many of the smaller towns, the police m&e;^etrate already acts &i; coroner, and, with the exception of such towns as Melbourne, Geelong, end Ballarat, the police magistrate might well disobarge the duties of that offioe. It ie, however, an undoubted fact that a sort ef feeling exists that a eoroner ehould be a medical man. We cannot say that we agree in this view of the case. A medical man who is a coroner has very little knowledge of the general principles of law, whereas a poliee magistrate is well acquainted with them, and, consequently, thoroughly able to sum up a case to a jury. On everr inquest, medical evidenoe is produced, and we do not see that it is at ell necessary a medioal man should translate it, as it were, to a jury. When a man is on trial for his life, it often happens that the whole case turns upon the medioal testimony produced. The judge who has to sift that evidence, and present it to the jury, is not a medical man, and therefore we cannot see why it is at all necessary that a eoroner should be a doctor. In many towns in England the office of coroner is filled, and well filled too, by an attorney. There is nothing that can be advanced in favor of medical men, as a matter of universal practice, holding these appointments, whilst muob can be said against it. Several storekeepers and tradesmen, resident in Kyneton, have visited the Spring Creek diggings, with a view of judging wbat opening they afforded for starting branch businesses; We believe that the general impression is in favor of the permanency and prosperity of the place. This evening a special meeting will be held, at the Junction Hotel, of the members of the Kyneton District Racing Club, for the purpose of considering the advisability of considering a resolution passed at the last meeting, which was to tbe effect—that tbe next Kyneton races should extend over two days. On Friday forenoon a very serious accdentt happened to Mr T. W. Field, who is in the employment of Mr Wall, of the Kyneton Shire Arms. It appears that, whilst engaged in bottling some ale and porter, one of the bottles burst, and inflicted a terrible wound on the right wrist, severing the radial or pulse artery. Immediately on the accident taking place the unfortunate man was conveyed to Mr Strong's, the chemist, who held the artery for some twenty minutes before medical aid arrived:. At the expiration of that period medical aid was obtained, Dr Geary arriving, and managing to stop the bleeding. Mr Field lost a great quantity of blood, and was removed to the hospital, by Mr Wall, when Dr Łangford, the house surgeon, tied the artery. On making inquiries at the hospital, last night, we were informed that the injured man was progressing favorably. Yesterday evening, Mrs Grant, milliner, of High'-street. narrowly eseaped meeting with an accident. Whilst sitting in a chair, in front of her counter, a portion oi the ceiling gave way, and large pieces of it fell to the ground close by it. As it was, damage was done to goods in the window to the extent of some £10- Divine service will be conducted in St. Andrew's Church, to-morrow morning and evening, by the Rer James Scott, of " Bacchus Marsh. An error erept into one portion of our report, which appeared in Thursday's issue, of Mr Vance's speech, at the Toung Men's Soiree. He is stated to have said that "he believed the era was not very far remote when the members would not only suffer from a want of words to convey ideas, &c;"; the word "only" should not have been used. A meeting of several of the most influential inhabitants of Malmsbary, favorable to the formation of a Woollen Cloth Manufactory, was held at Mr Adamson's, tbe Town Clerk's office, on Thursday evening, for the purpose of arranging preliminaries to carry out tbe undertaking. R B Tucker, Esq, J.P., being voted to the chair, the proposed prospectus was submitted to tbe meeting, and with some alterations, agreed to. The provisional committee having been anpointed, with the treasurer, banker, solicitor, and brokers, named, the meeting was adjourned to.the 16th inst., to enable the secretary vrotem to coin municate with tbe several gentlemen proposed for the different offices. A large number of shares bare already been applied for, and it is confidently expected that tbe company will be successfully floated at an early date. Mr Tucker, of Malmabury, has raised a new point under the Lunacy Statute, which we presume the Supreme Court will have to decide. Recently a lunatic named Anne McCabe was brought before the Malmsbury bench, and upon medical testimony being given was duly sent to the Yarra Bend. The expenses incarred amounted to jE5 14* 6d. which, according to the Lunacy Act. should be borne by the borough, ehire. or road board district, within which tbe lunatic may be found. To charge any borough with the expenses, it is necessary that tbe order ehould be "signed by the justices committing the lunatic. Mr Tucker refnsed te sign the order on the ground that the words used in the tenth clause of the Lunacy Act, are that tbe justices "may" make an order, and not "shall make an order. The following are the words used in the tenth clause "The justices earning any person tn be examined by any medical practitioners under the provisions herein before contained may make an order -under their hands and seal upon the council of the oity, town, borough or ehire, or the board of the road district in which eućh person ehall be found, for the payment of such reasonable remuneration to such medical practitioners for the examination of such person and all other reasonable expenses in and about the examination of such person." Doubtless the nse of the word " shall" would have been more conclusive, but we doubt whether the nse of the word " may" will enable corporate bodies to escape a liability which the whole Bcope of the Act goes to fit upon them. It is stated that 200 shares in the Polynesia Company were disposed of in Castlemaine, on Wednesday. The Castlemaine Advertiser, .after a brief an spasmodic existence of thirteen weeks, gave up the ghost on Saturday last. Miss Kemp, a lady who resides at Eaglehawk, has, for the past year, engaged herself in rearing silkworms. In 1867 she began with 16, and has now reached 835. There was a rumour in Castlemaine, on Wednesday evening, tbata person named Wilkinson, manager of a farm on the" Bet Bet," has been missing from his home for the last week. It appears that he went to Avoca to draw some money from the bank, about eix days ago, and has not since been seen, flis lione retained tbe day after he went away. It is feared that there has been some foul play, and the police are making every exertion to clear up the mystery- " We are glad," Bays the Bendigo Advertiser, to learn that the expenses incarred in opposing the ill,000 loan have been promptly defrayed by ratepayers. The subscriptions handed in were j£ll Is 6d in excess of the amouut required." We have (says the Castlemaine Daily News) been informed, on reliable anthority, that Lieut- Col. Bull, the Stipendiary Magistrate of this town, has been notified by Government that after the first of January next, bis services will be dispensed with. We believe it is the intention of Government to superannuate all magistrates over 60 years of age. We hear (says the Castlemaine Daily News) that Mr Eigbye, who, it will be_ remembered, some two years ago, involved himself in difficulties, whilst acting in the capacity of Clerk of Petty Sessions in this district, has again been suspended, owing to some irregularis in his accounts. We wonld draw the attention of applicants under the 42nd clause of the Land Aet, to the notice that tbe Commission appointed to consider applications, will sit at the Distriot Survey Office, Sandhurst, on Wednesday, the 16th of December, at 9 o'clock forenoon, when applicants and persons having objections to urge against applications, are requested to attend - applicants to whom notice to attend is not sent, are not required to be present.— Bendigo Evening Sews, 