LATEST MINING NEWS. NEW REEF AT TOOGONG.— The excitement of the week has been the reported discovery of a rich reef on Mr. John Smith's Toogong Run. Specimens which have been submitted certainly bear evidence that it is a " good find. " The location, so far as we can learn, is at Boney's Creek ; the distance about 35 miles, and the route along the Nanima road to Bowen's Creek at the back of Davy's Plains, then due west to Long's Corner. A coach is advertised to leave Orange for the spot on Monday, and twice every week. We are informed that numbers have left the Burnt Yards for the new rush.— Western Examiner. OPHIR.— There is nothing of importance to report from this spot, matters during the week remaining in status quo. The prospectors are opening out, following the lead downward with every prospect of returned success. The arrivals have not been numerous, but include some miners of experience, who intend trying their luck upon other portions of the field.— Western Examiner. KIMO.— There has been a rush on a small scale to " The Prophet's Reef " as it is familiarly termed, at Kimo. Ten claims have been taken up, and one of the mining parties has struck gold at 76 feet, while another company has come on a good leader at 40 feet. During the early part of the week several miners from Adelong visited the locality, to satisfy themselves by personal inspection of its probable capabilities. We hope the claims taken up will turn out well, as a settled mining population would greatly enhance the importance and prosperity of Gun- dagai and the surrounding district.— BENDIGO.— The new rush near Sydney-flat is becoming of importance. Some first rate gold has been obtained. There are at present upwards of 1000 miners on the ground. Bendigo Evening News. ROCKHAMPTON.— The Gold Escort from Cler- mont arrived on Saturday evening last, bringing over one thousand ounces of gold. The shaft of the Nil Desperandum Company's crushing machine has broke, and it will be necessary to send to Sydney for one. The Morinish Com- pany's machine has fifteen head of stampers ready for crushing, and will begin on Wednes- day. It is proposed to charge £1 2s. 6d. per ton. At present there are five machines at work in the vicinity, and two more are in course of erection. Forty-eight tons of stone from Walter Cooks amalgamated claim at Ridge- lands was finished crushing yesterday. The yield of gold was four hundred and eleven ounces. Mr. Cook has imported two additional batteries, and a twelve-horse power portable engine, so that he now has four batteries and stampers at work :— Corr. Queens- lander. MARYBOROUGH.— The news from the diggings on the whole, satisfactory. The Pioneer machine has just crushed 25 tons from the pros- pectors' claim, on the Lady Mary reef. The crushing has yielded 488 ounces of gold. Min- ing at Gympie is quiet, pending the erection of machinery to crush the stone at grass.— Corr. Queenslander CAPE RIVER.— Notwithstanding the risk and inconvenience of getting the gold from the dig- gings to town, we are happy to say the Boome- rang takes away with her to-day 1700 ounces (all of it brought down by private parties) ; but we are informed, by a gentleman who has just come down that he met inspector Marlow on his way up, who informed him that it was quite possible the Government escort would be in Townsville in time for the next Boomerang.— Cleveland Bay Express. JIMNA.— The rush to Summer, or, as the blacks call it, Lemma Creek, has ended. It has turned out to be a rank duffer, and has brought no grist to anybody's mill. On Wed-- nesday and Thursday last there were probably from 400 to 500 persons on the creek. To-day the population is not over fifty. This creek is situated about five or six miles to the eastward of our township. The country is of a very peculiar character. From the source of the creek downward it is of a rocky character, and in the neighbourhood of the rush the scenery is remarkable, on account of the gigantic rocks which form its bed. It here becomes rather a succession of cascades and waterfalls than any- thing else, which, however interesting to the lover of the picturesque, are anything but pleas- ing to the eyes of the miner. Many of these falls are of considerable height, and by no means devoid of beauty, as far as the landscape is con- cerned. In most places the banks are precipi- tously over a hundred feet, confining the stream to very narrow limits. The bed of the creek or river is quite impassable, and high ranges have to be scaled in order to follow along its course. In many of the " pot holes " of these cascades gold may doubtless be found in considerable quantities. I heard that one party obtained over an ounce in a small hole, but from over twenty dishes washed in the prospectors' claim only seven or eight grains were obtained. As you may conceive, great discontent was felt at the conduct of the prospectors in applying for a claim under such circumstances, and they nar- rowly escaped receiving rough usage.— Corr. Queenslander. ======================================= JOURNALISM.— It is intended without delay to establish a second paper at Wagga Wagga, and the necessary arrangements have been made ac- cordingly.— Goulburn Herald. SHEARING RULES IN RIVERINA.—The follow- ing rules are to be observed this season in many of the first class shearing sheds of Riverina :— " 1. The hours for beginning and for leaving work, and for smoking, will be struck upon the bell. 2. Shearers may learn the number of their tallies by application to the manager, every Monday morning, 3. Every shearer must hang up or lay down his shears before putting out the sheep he has finished, to prevent accident to himself or others. 4. No noise, riot, nor impro- per language will be permitted. It should be be unnecessary to remind workmen that work can only be carried on properly where quiet atten- tention and decent behaviour are observed. " REMARKABLE TIDAL DISTURBANCE.— It is by no means unusual that at periods of any distur- bance of the lunar system irregularities occur in the tides, but rarely happens that such a remarkable phenomenon as that witnessed in this harbour on Saturday last takes place. It was high water about 5 o'clock on that morning, and the tide was ebbing with considerable velocity about 8 a.m. , when it suddenly turned, and the waters, as if impelled by some extraor- dinary influence, returned up the harbour with great force. At the Circular Quay very little disturbance was felt, but at Darling Harbour, and particularly in Johnston's Bay, the effects were very marked. In some places the water seemed as if in a boil, in others whirlpool eddies were formed, while at one time a tidal wave swept up Johnston's Bay snapping the warps of one of the steam ferries at Balmain, and com- pletely stopping another while on her passage across the harbour. The steamer from Parra- matta, when off Peacock's Point, Balmain, was twisted round, and for the time was completely unmanageable. The waters at the head of the navigation receded several feet, and swelled again as suddenly, becoming as discoloured in appearance as after a heavy flood. The R. M.S. Mataura, lying at her moorings in Johnston's Bay, was swept round with her head to S.W. , although a smart S.E. wind was blowing. The buoy off the A.S.N. Co.'s Works was also turned round several times with great rapidity. A gentleman residing at Darling Point informs us that about 10 o'clock the tide rose there fully two feet in about five minutes, then seemed to ebb almost as rapidly, and during the day the tide was noticed to flow and ebb in that locality six times, the rises averaging about 2 feet in fifteen minutes. A resident at Balmain writes :— " On Saturday morning, whilst wait- ing at the-Lime-street Wharf to cross over to Waterview Bay by the 9 o'clock boat, I ob- served the water gradually rise up about eigh- teen inches, and suddenly fall about the same, in less than five minutes. There was no appearance of any swell at the time. Returning to Sydney at 10.30. on coming to the entrance of Johnston's Bay there was a very unusual commotion in the water ; a stream, about twenty yards wide, rushing round Peacock's Point, towards Miller's point, which diverted the steamer some one hundred yards from her course. The water appeared to be rushing at the rate of twelve or fourteen miles an hour and was more discoloured than I have seen it after the heaviest rains. Several boats were dragged from their moorings. " The disturbance was not confined to the morning tide, and in some parts of Port Jackson the effects were more noticeable during the afternoon. The steamer Vesta, with a party of excursionists for Clontarf, was very nearly driven ashore in Middle Harbour. She had just landed a por- tion of her passengers at their destination, and was proceeding up the bay with some who washed to examine the upper portion of that harbour. On rounding the spit at 3.30. p.m. a large whirlpool was observed to form suddenly ahead of the steamer, completely diverting he from her course, and almost driving her ashore on Cabbagetree Flat. The tide at 6 'clock on Saturday night rose to a very unusual height in all parts of the harbour, and was very observable all the way up the Parramatta river, and in the bays and inlets of that estuary. At the head of Darling Harbour the water was so high that it actually flowed over the small bridge connecting the upper part of Pyrmont with Dixon-street. It is perhaps a fortunate circumstance that this extraordinary and unex- pected rise of the water was not attended with stormy weather. It is easy to see that if any violent wind had been blowing from the south- east considerable damage might have been occasioned. Shortly before 6 o'clock Wooloo- mooloo Bay seemed much disturbed, the waters boiling up and becoming very much discoloured in a short time. During yesterday a slight irregularity in the tide was also noticeable, and the afternoon tide came in with immense velocity. — S. M. Herald. ROBBERY OF JEWLLERY.— A few months ago a quantity of valuable jewellery was stolen rom some trunks that were being conveyed by mail between Deniliquin and Hay. Suspicion rested on different persons, but the mystery of the disappearance of the valuables has not as yet been cleared up. It is stated that the jewellery was the property of a squatter residing below Hay, and who has married Miss Madeline Smith, a name connected with a tragical affair that occurred in Glasgow some years since. On Saturday last a prisoner of the Crown, named Stewart, undergoing a sentence in Berrima gaol for horse-stealing, arrived in Yass in charge of Sergeant Egan of the Tumut police en route to Deniliquin, whither he is proceeding for the pur- pose of giving information in connection with the robbery. It appears that while undergoing his sentence at Berrima, he made some voluntary ad- missions inculpating certain persons in the rob- bery referred to, but his conduct on the road would lead to the belief that his principal object was to have a long journey in the hope of a chance presenting itself to make his escape. During Friday night he was observed by the sergeant endeavouring to slip his handcuffs from off his wrists, and when challenged with his in- tention, he said very bluntly that of course it was his place to get away if he possibly could. He is apparently about thirty or thirty five years of age, well built, and without whiskers. He wore long leg-irons as well as handcuffs, but there can be little doubt that he will try his utmost to '' slip the darbies " before arriving at his destination. — Yass Courier. CHANGERS CONSEQUENT ON THE EXTENSIONS OF THE RAILWAY.— The following are the changes affecting Goulburn which, so far have been noticed consequent on the extension of the railway to Marulan :— Travellers may now leave Goulburn at ten o'clock in the morning and reach Sydney by twenty minutes past six in the evening. The Sydney Heralds are brought up as a parcel and distributed in the town shortly after six on the day of publication. Some enter- prising individuals have brought vegetables from Sydney and sold them in Goulburn at prices which we believe were satisfactory ; and a plen- tiful supply is now to be seen at Mr. Reynolds' shop. Fish is sold at 4d. per pound. Two or three coaches now run to and from Goulburn and Marulan ; but they are only poorly patro- and it would seem that except on special or holiday occasions, one conveyance would would be sufficient for the passenger traffic. — G. Herald. DEODORISING KEROSENE OIL.— Mr. Harrison of this town, has submitted for our inspection a bottle of Hartley Kerosene oil, which he claims to have deodorised by a chemical process known only to himself. We are glad to be able to state that the sample submitted, is free from that unpleasant smell usually emitted by the Hartley Kerosene, when in a state of ignition ; neither is the photic power of the oil diminished ; on the contrary, it burns more brightly — the flame being whiter and clearer than in the un- deodorised state.— Carcoar Herald. FOUND DEAD.— An old man, named Jonas Wade, in destitute circumstances, was found dead on Saturday evening, in a hut at the back of the Mill, West Carcoar. A magisterial inquiry was held before E. J. C. North, Esq., on Monday, when it appeared deceased was 58 years of age, and had for some time past suf- fered from disease of the heart. Being unable to do hard work, he had recently been employed to look after a small flock of sheep at Blayney. Since leaving Blayney, he had been staying at the hut mentioned above, and had been depend- ing upon the charity of the townspeople for a liveli- hood. Dr. Spark gave it as his opinion that death was caused by disease of the heart. De- ceased, who had no friends in the colony, was interred on Monday in the Church of England burial ground, the Rev. W.E.B. Uzzell officiating. — Carcoar Herald. SUPPOSED INCENDIARISM AT ORANGE. Be- ************ tween four and five o'clock, on Wednesday morning, a slab stable belonging the Com- mercial Hotel, was discovered to be on fire. The building was not in use, and did not contain anything. After some effort the fire was most fortunately extinguished by pulling off the roof, the members of the Stoney Creek escort render- most valuable assistance, otherwise from the direction of the wind at the time, the flames must have communicated with the remainder of the premises. On examination, it was found the fire had commenced at the door of the loft, which was situated out of observation from the house, and close to a dividing fence, and was confined solely to the roof, the lower portion of the building not being touched. As the build- ing was not only unused, but comparatively isolated, suspicion was excited that the act was a premeditated one on the part of some person, and as soon as the aid of the local police was obtained, a black tracker was procured, and by his aid footprints were discovered, and followed across the fence, over the adjoining paddocks into the street, near the Church of England, where they were lost, all that could be ascertained up to this point being that at this place the person commenced to run. The foot print in one part was clearly defined, and a good measure was taken. Whilst examining for further traces, a man passed, whose foot print was found to correspond in every particular, with that of the impression found, and as he had been in Mr. Stockwell's employ, and left not on the most amicable terms, suspicion pointed to him, and he was brought up in charge of the police, at the enquiry held before the District Coroner, on Thursday. When taken, however, the boots he wore were of a very different description from those he must have worn in the morning, if the foot prints followed were those made by him, and he declared he had no others, neither were any found on search. The jury, therefore, did not consider there was sufficient evidence against him, but brought in a verdict of arson, against some person unknown. Another theory has been propounded on the supposition that some person might have climbed into the loft to sleep, and in lighting a pipe, probably may have caused the disaster. Access to the loft could only be obtained at-the end opposite to the door alluded to, and it is natural to suppose that a person so circumstanced, would remain in the most comfortable and accessible place, having no call to creep as far as the door, where the fire commenced, which was the most draughty and comfortless spot. The opinion of the jury, therefore, seems the most plausible, the act probably being that of some person who sought this means of retalia- tion, for some trivial fancied offence. The building itself was not insured, though the remainder of the premises are.— Western Exa- miner. ACCIDENT AT ADELONG.— I regret to have to report a very painful accident which befel a poor fellow of the name of Maidment, who was driving a bullock team, belonging, I believe, to himself. It appears that-he had been, drinking and on starting with his team from town towards the hospital he managed in some unknown way to get under the wheel and to-fracture his thigh. He was carried down to Mr. C. Baker's Star Hotel and a telegram was despatched for Dr. Lynch, of Tumut. This gentleman had, however, a case elsewhere, and under these circum- stances Dr. Lyons of Gundagai was sent for who promptly reduced the fracture. The readi- ness and dexterity with which he accomplished his task impressed those who witnessed the operation with a high opinion of Dr. Lyons's skill.— Corr. Gundagai Times. TRAMPS ON THE BOGAN.— There are about as bad a set of vagabonds travelling as I ever saw. They pretend they want work, and when hired, bolt with rations the very day they receive them. Three, I know, have been hired at different stations on the river, and having received rations, absented themselves without leave next day, taking of course the rations with them. Such conduct is sufficient to cause settlers to drive all tramps from their stations. It is the men's own fault if the settlers send them away without a feed or a night's lodgings. Another traveller, who had his dinner at a station and had only three miles to go to the next station, caught a fowl at night ; and-had nearly finished eating it when he was found next morning in an empty hut. But until we have justice nearer, we shall have to put up with every kind of fraud and robbery, for it is too expensive work travel- 55 miles for a warrant and then 70 to appear against an offender should he be taken.— Corr. Dubbo Dispatch. BRIDGE AT KANGAROO CREEK. — The tender of Mr. Leeder, of Young, for the construction of a timber bridge over Kangaroo Creek, has been accepted. The amount is nearly £400 Mr. Hammond, who tendered for another, plan, was in excess of that sum by £100.— Yass Courier. SHEARING ON THE MAQUARIE,—The lamb- .ing in this district is all but concluded, and shearing has commenced. The increase this year has been very fair considering the severity of the season, and the coldness of the weather. The clip of wool is expected to be heavy and of good quality. The principal reason is the shears are set to work so early this season is that the fleeces may be cut before the clover burr makes its appearance. With one or two exceptions our sheep-owners have hitherto not opened their sheds until September ; but last year the burr was so prevalent at the time, and did so much injury to the wool, that they determined to com- mence shearing operations early enough to allow of the staple being sent on its way to market before the clover seeded.— Dubbo Dispatch. POISONED BY STRYCHNINE.—The inhabitants of our township were much grieved and as- tonished on the afternoon of Friday, the 7th inst., by the announcement of the very sudden and mysterious death of Mr. Lacy, of Gocup. The shock was rendered greater by the fact that Mr. Lacy had been in town all the afternoon, apparently in his usual health, had dined at the Bee-hive Hotel, and, had only left for home about 2 o'clock. He reached a sheep station about a mile from Gocup when he was taken ill, and it soon became apparent he was dying. A messenger was despatched to Tumut, and Dr. Lyons, of Gundagai, who was at once telegra- phed for, promptly attended. He arrived too late to be of service to the sufferer, however, as Mr. Lacy breathed his last in less than an hour after the first symptoms of illness manifested themselves. Mr. Lacy was unmarried, and, had he lived, would have been 39 years of age on the 10th. instant. On Saturday morning Mr. Vyner P. M. held an inquiry, at Gocup house, as to the cause of the death of the deceased, the particulars of which I forward to you. At conclusion of the inquiry, Mr. Vyner, having read the evidence, observed, that it appeared to him beyond a doubt that the deceased died from WefU,n» Examiner. Gundagai Times. -Bendigo Evening News. .' CiW. Qiieens- lander..! ,-, ;-• .•> -.•) rt.,. t> . .. • Corr. Queehslander. - ~ • -'• - Cleveland Bay Express. Corr. Queentlander, ; —8:M.Herald- : . . , ., .... • .-, Tom Courier. and clearer than in tne~ Careoar Herald, iCorr. J~ >.bbo Dispatch. J.'i .v^L- i . -HFiP^rToh^e He did not feel it ? l ^ ^ i ^ ^ ^ l l ^ ^ l j ^ V l I t h Mstant, J -posed that he toolcjr Bridge wtfiind rhis wife at the p. I7tl)i March. as li-n^M^lM'lt^'r^^® defendant ^vfo^SV iteefi imi'at thjit.ilate; the S S P f i f i g W M W q defendant's Xes came to £U16s. he Bad received dieof £3 98. 2£d- } %'^nlSftVfliflMr;hired thi parties; he could, not say whether H,was pbrtoftbeajp S f the afereement that defendant was to pay ?„rlosfc forlosfcsheep shefep : defendant was- generally a good lepherd; M sheep could not be lost without neglect.—-Defendant denied that he lost any eheep.—JoBeph Treatise deposed:. He was H u t whenthe flock, was coupted ou Sunday fMth4hefe 727 to 729 sheep.—Defendant stated thathedelive^ver^^heop^ubsequently W'stated thftt hb dfeliVeTed otir 752; seven toM^C«^erin his flock ; tU^dead';' therr^cre^ASiti the flock on tbe •tEefmbrhing he delivered them up.-The Bench ordertdm Croakerto give defendant £& and iettlje-the ease.—O • AcbrijEui AT: ypypr-TT^ mess ®^r fl™ intdwri'onWednesday afternoon forBr, Lynch, stating that a miner at B&ep; Fiat, one of Callaway's party.hkd metwith a terrible accident, being severely crushed by a bank of earth fallinc in upon him, and before Dr. Lynch could deoartto wsit this patient a telegram arriveo from ** • - Adelone, ° t- tequesting ' ill his Inn services liiii'KAn'a in An^ the i a " — - ' •' ^0tie 0Ut of'iofotT x^hg^lhe'late*demise oi'Db. Dib- din Dh Lyn attend t o THIS 'PsEcpo (CoDNT —By the arrival of the steamer Saioniasome further intelligence has reichsi Sydney of the sayings and the doings of the pBeudo Count Von Attems, the owner of the yacht Hamlet's Ghost: The yacht arrived at Cleveland Bay on the 28th July, and the adventurer wAs ; lionised to the extreme. He was a guest whom everyone delighted to honour onboard the Saxonia, spoke patronisingly of his Sydney friends, and announced his intention of completing his cruise by returning to Port Jack- son on the 3'rii instant, as he expected an Aus- trian war vessel would short to copvey him to. Europe.—Empire. MINERAL PRODUCT.—We understand, upon good authority, that the pillars in front of the new post-office in Sydney are to be of marble, taken from a quarry at Long Reach, about six miles from Marulan. We also hear that black marble abounds neat Boro and that white marble has been taken from the Mombian caves. Southern Observer. ACIIOKS ABISINO OUT OF THE TJSIT OF THlt DDKB OF EMSBBBOH.—The recent visit of his Boyal Highness the Duke of Edinburgh to Australia, has been productive of litigation here as in the sister colony. In the Sydney District Court, yesterday, an action was brought by Mr. Cunningham, printer, against the Mayor and Aldermen ofPaddihgton to recover £4 for printing, two guineas of the amount being for the address presented by the council to his Boyal Highness when he drove through the muni cipality. The defence was, that the council was not liable, the work having being done to the order of Alderman Artlett.and Alderman Joiner, without the authority of the Council. The first item of plaintiff's claim was for printing ballot papers ordered by Joiner, who at that time was acting as returning ;offiuer.under tlie appoint-1 tnent of the Council. The defendants put the plaintiff to strict technical proof, and the case was protracted to considerable leugth. The address was- ordered to be.printed by Artlefct, on the 10Lh February,, 1868. The nomination for the election of aldermen took place on the 4th, chd tlie polling on the lltli ofthesame ; month. It was therefore contended that Artlett, who was appointedichairi&an.of; thcCouncil. in 1867, was still chairman on the 10th February, bis successor not . having then been elected. Plaintiff put in tte ^na, by-law of the Council which authorised the .chairman, with the consent of two councillors;'in case of emergency, to expend any sum not exceeding £25:' Artlett swore that he received official information on the Saturday night; that the Prince would pass through the mdii&p;&(ity on the following Thursday. Tuesday Vns the day of the election and he had thereforo. no time to call the Council togetbor and imakeSthe requisite 'arrangements, otherwise than 1 on his own i judgment. The Council intended -to -present an address, and he ordered the address tobe printed, by the advioe of two councillors, Mr. Forster contended <^at ,th» ,eme^en(3r contemplated by the 42nd by-law had reference to the making of roads, fencing, and matters of that Jtind; but did not comprehend ^the . pregentatiori "of 'an address to the prince. Veraict for the 'plaintiff for the amount -claimed. Mr. Pigott appeared for the plaintift, and Mr. B. EorBter for the defendants. —An action of Booth 'against the Council was similarity principal fea^jj^tothe jjrcei^ing. It was for warlc and labour, in making floral decorations for the reception of the Prince. Vjemlict for the.jplAin.tiff, Jor whom Mr. .]3gott : tEorster-forJihe defehdaiit.^- Mr. George Douglass Cajlen,, bandmaster and professor of music. ^lso «Ued Charles Moore, auctioneer,- Pitt-street^ |and Mayor -of Sydney, to recover £54' for his services as conductor of the;Yp}pnt^ej: ^apd, ai)d.]for, services of the tiaiiji'iticlf •«t.«onr o^rla^ab^t the, .time ball,given by the QorporationinJipno.urofliis Eoyal Highness the .D ukp of Edinburgh., The. hand, Attended on four occasions and played on three, ap, f ijJi, is tjie^all,^. they had only, been pwd fpij^ perfoi^npg .a,V.ithe'Jattai;. The . ^n^sffq^ithat^'^^ffsnclftnt promised tp see him paid,' although he demurred to theac- -ccnnt Jbccause on one evening the weather was tfet: and'Bie tiplcbts iTeris jrettitfhjed; The band conristti'd pf twenty- siaven performers, and they played four lours &tr; ekch evening c^nceift. It also appeared in evidence that the band of the fiOth llegiment had not bwn paid any gratuity for their sitfvieeH,: aai is customary. On the opcasjiwi jfh^it: wasi wet. ttay Ji^d. to trudge -biokirards^anti'forwaids in the pouring nun;. theu mu&iC;' Was, apoiled, jind ^he bandmaster vu npwards of £6 outsof pooket> Evidence Was given to Bhow that ! the aharges u this case Were fair and reasonable, w^d: the plaintiff lwaM'itip jffa'tf jtmam^^mim f^ted.,by the, facTetafy, ,^ ^he committee (WjUiMnHwson). ^On.thjft P° n ' tradicted by Hau(m, r-vho ^worp tbqt there was no agreements ^p^ \W bsUd gjooeeds of the eooBerts amounted to £150. Thetiefendant.WM'ifrtd aimUy ati a member of tiie lEteeeption Committee, bht the evidenee Aowodthat the bommittee' consisted wholly of: the Major'aiid if the eity, and that the'defendaht inHhi' diifefehs whtok given to the plaintiff had acted it»'hW oi»i£ cap* J city as Mayor.} TTh»:pl»iptiffi by Mr. S. C. Brown ^Mr. Driver for detgn*f)> was nonsuited.—Empire. ,. ^ FAIIL ASSATRTT NSI^T BIKALOKG.—COBOHBB B IK^UEST.-—In our last ISSUE wo mentioned that ehouYa Torfnlslit previously ah old jnan fcatueQ Ktuenld had been dang^ro\^y assaulted . the hetid\ ' iher old P^AN Jaamed Owens, nearBihalong. • For two or three da>^ H«FT*RITHE JU^LT KTEGFLRALD was at his work as usual;-but, becoming very bftd, Mr. Crow, of B&ngilal;, brought him »to ifjws, and placjed Sim in the lipgpi tali .whore lie' »« *^epded!bvJpr.;O.Coniior: S^fa^n**? red on Bonday.Etzgerald "wps perfectly unconscious, and for some .time had the jhioijups distressingly. On. Saturday he begfin; to sinTt rapidly, and Br O'Connor had no hope that Jie would ever recover.. Mr. Sub-ihspectprBrennan proceeded on the same day 'to i3ina|onf;for the purpose of making inquirips respeptiijg the assault, and caused Owens to he apprehended. He , was taken jnto custody, and on.Monday evening, was brought into'Ya^ jn charge of senior-constable Haiighey and constable King. Mr. Brennan returned to town the saitne evening. Yesterday, an iuquest. was 'held at the hospital before .the district coroner on view of the body, of deceased.. Michael Owens, a decrepit, old wan, was in attendance,, in custody. The fpllowinq evidence was taken:—Senior-constable, Haufihey deposed : I am stationed at Binalonu; I know the prisoner; on" Saturday,- the. 16th instant, I arrested him ut Binalong on a charge of dangerously, wounding a man nunied Patrick Fitzgerald, about three weeks previously; at Michael Crowe's station ; I mean the Fitzgerald. upon whom this inquest is now held ; I went to Mr. Crowe's place last Monday morning; when there Mr. Crowe showed me a post with the marks apparently of blood on it; the blood "on the post was about two feet from the ground ; I did not see any hair on the post; iny impression is that a person must have fallen agiinst the post if the mark upon.it was blood ; it could not nave occurred from a person leaning against.it while bleeding; when I arrested-the prisoner he said " I have pieuty of witnesses to prove I never struck the man;" he also said the deceased struck him (prisoner) and made his nose bleed; and that Michael Crowe helped to release him from Fitzgerald; he said "lie meant to strike ine a second time, but I ran away from him, got through a fence, and did not see him afterwards." Michael Crowe deposed : I am a farmer and reside near liinalong; know the prisouer, and knew deceased Patrick Fitzgerald ; the two wen were in my employ, and both, were in-the house on the 25th July last; about eight or nine o'clock, on that night . I heard the prisoner palling Michael (witness); I answered and went out to the kitchen- where they were; I saw them both lying on the floor, squabbling; I cannot say who was undermost ; I asked theov what was the matter; they had a hold of one another, and the prisoner being the oldest man took him up and put him outside ; I told the prisoner to go to his bedroom, and he did so; I afterwards came back to the kitchen and told Fitzgerald to to bed; I then went into the dwelling; and : sat down to read the Yass Courier; I was there for an hour or an hour and a half; I then went to' bed ; an hour or two after I heard some noise towards the kitchen, and went, out, but saw nobody there ; ou looking round I found. Fitzgerald (deceased) sitting down beside a post; I laid my hand on his shoulder and- asked who he was; he said "it's me;" 1 said I thmight know; I knocked myself some way agaiust the small fcncc;" ou getting inside I saw some blood coining from near his ear; the prisoner on my going into his room, was silling down on his bed ; 1 told the prisoner that' the piiir of theiii liliist get away from bore to morrow morning; after putting the deceased to bed I went away ; in the morning he hud some tea; the deceased said the prisoner had struck hito. he did not say witli wliaf; the. prisouer »eut lroin my. place on the next morning, morninu, arm and «»» has not been there since; I saw the blood behind the prisoner's ear, and he said that was the place Le was struck; I wa>h.,lit; there only" a slight cut; on the -27th the deceased went to horses in the b«sh,a»d I went u, Harrow. ,on last Thursday I b ceased into Yass and had him put in .the hos- , pital. Trf the foreman (Mr.-Wood)J The deceased sometimes said prisouer had v caused the iujury, and at other times said lie had fallen against the fence or something ; the deceased for several days after the injury was inflicted was engaged ploughing, burrowing, and doing other work. [A full report will appear in our nest issue. The verdi from natural-causes,"] VAGAHIES OF A LUNATIC.—An old woman, .upposed to be of unsound mind, went on 7th August to the bouse of & miner named Tilton, at the Hard-bills, Creswick, and asked his daughter (twelve years of age, and the only person in the house) for a drink of water. On get- ting the water, she drank part of it, and threw the rest away. She then went to the cupboard, took out a pound fcf sausages, which she devoured raw quitp greedily, and then finished off with a pasty and some milk. Peeling herself no doubt, refreshed and playful, she made; the girl fetch her all the trinket boxes and oilier ornaments, with which she amused herself by breaking. Subsequently, something which the girl did or said appears to have annoyed the woman; for she seized the girl, and, notwithstanding her struggles, cut her hair with a. pair, of scissors, and gave her a cut ou the wrist with,a,earringknife. The girl at last succeeded in getting out of the woman's grasp. The lat ter then ^topped the clock, let the parrot out of the cage, and committed some other mischievous acts''before she left. Information, was,gi.v.en to fhe police, but although every exertion Was promptly made by sergeant Dowlinu, constable Bourke, and others, the woman has as yet managed/to eludp; discovery. She is described by the girl (Harriet Til'tonj as having grey hair, and being much wrinkled in the face. She had on a brown wincey sun-bonnet, a dirty dark dress, black and white .plaid shawl, aud mens strong leather bum.-^-M CHINESE INDIGNATION . MEETING —In conseoueuce ofa'dissatisfaetion among the children 2f" the Flowery. Land in respect, to wrtwu monies which bad, been subscribed >v t W the puipose of eshummg the, bodies of tb«r friends who lwd died and bseu buried Jier^and; of sending them back to China, a proposed to be held at the Pound liush. to talL over the matter, and <*pr«s thpir opinion of; Siu Kum ,Le P.: Who; Jiad-bi»?«!WP»' u^4. " SJ on the V^ne: before ^.e .forma ^-r.n. There is erery rewon » ^ s would h»r». t >' sd^i.^i^nin^ Chinese bomdished and deep,paths sworn o S ; that wnie parties .wouh 1 srief.if the 1aw u n t » l |tap Pearsthat !a^Hfm»nh from tow: counts wen,he ffSii tfto" tbTObofne papers, that a reward of £1000 for each department ahaU be X l d to,WV person -who shalUuppy to^a c£,mit£ ^ tL Legislative Assembly ,uneffeotaally carripd 0a jftjttftfr eayjir'iioHc^ of Hfiofion *t6 this effefet.' Ifnt ife' earned,?if wl be^ undotibtedly ^ii hwcnlaen task .to: ekamitie the claims of the applii cants for the- rew'ardi for their, name will /be legion.—^fnpire .; .- J.:.-;; • -:/! Ihpobtas^ I(Mr.;g4fi jjir-.lJwBOcwr*.—A case involving siimfl important points ofmeKanr tile law'has beeh tried at, the Supreme Court; Melbourne. 'On' thk ytn Ffebruary, 1867, the Sihk offFictonii'Whifcb 'aiBttd as agent.for the Ba'nk of V^an Dieinen' , B ! Xiaud, received from that bank! for presentation-a bill' of exchange for £3D00, drawn; by: Ebnald Gunn, of Launceston, and diseoupfoil by : the. flank of Van Dieman's Land. The bill was presented at Goldsbrough and Cos on to 8th; it was.called for on the9th when the 'foank ilerk' vrhr told it was mislaid. On the 11th (i Monday) the clerk called again, ahd was told'that it wis all ready, but that the person in change of the bills was absent. The bill had been accepted before 12 o'clock on the Saturday, but on Monday morning one of the , firm of Goldsbrough, and Co. saw.Mr. ,Gunn, who had in tlie, interim arrived from Tasmania, 4iid from what he then heard he cancelled the acceptance on the bill.' When the bank elefrk, therefore, arrived^ on the Tuesday he received the bill, with the afcceptahce of it cancelled. As Mr. Gunn'had failed, tbejBank of Fan Dieman's Land could have no redress from him, and they therefore sought to. make the Bank of Victoria liable for negligence in. not .using due diligence in presenting the bill. The jury "turned a verdict for the plaintiffs; dainageB £3000 and interest.—Empire. ' ' ' _ ' _ SP0BIOU8 SAKE NOTES.—We understand that some of the diggers who have recently visited thiscity, ontheir way to the Queensland diggings, have, left behind them anything but agreeable reminiscences in the shape of a number of spurious and, consequently valueless banknotes. We have heard of several parties who have been victimised in this way, and we mention the circumstances to put boarding-house keepers, storekeepers, and others on their guard aeaiust the next batch of gold hunters that may chance to call in at JNewcaslle; Ooe poor woman, we are informed, >ok as many as ten one-pound notes, every one of which was bad.— OuTiiiGE BY AN ABOEIGIKAL.—From a correspondent' who has recently been at Franklin Harbour, the Sonth Australian Advertiser has received particulars bf an abominable outrage upon a shepherd's wife by a black bearing the name of Nebbety, known as a true native bushranger. It appears the shepherd was going over the run with Mr. M'Kenzie, overseer to Dr M'Kecknie, and during their absence the hative came to the hut, about 10 o'clock in the forenoon, and peremptorily demanded " tucker, which the woman refused. Tlie savage still hung about the place, the woman watching him till she supposed be had gone, but about two o'clock he suddenly made Ins appearance, and taking her unawares as she was sitlintf sowing, thrust a spear into her, the, poor woman's life tili her with a w'addy, liutbis intended victim seizing a gun, the miscreant ran away. About 4 o'clock the shepherd returned, and on learning what had happened rode .twenty miles to the head station lor Dr,. M'Kecbme, who without delay, returned with the shepherd, and paid every attention to the sufferer. _ ,, A JiEvoLOTioiir.—A short time ago, Dobbo contained very many lovers of ttat weed whjch Sir Walter Ealeigh brought iuto fashion ; .but , latterly uuiinj we have u«>y noticed tliat puffers r— ot the blue curling cloud are gelting .by degrees numeticatly l^s. JPersons. whom we ..knew to love a black 1 cuu-/ I steed; have ; giyen-rmncb we snppose to Oio , deligiit of theirlady r o u g h t , $ peak disapprovingly bf anything like a hookah >r a.nlua of negrobeai. TI16 other evening we jcbiiirod a lucifer witb which to kindle the fragrant weed in an elegant bowl of the meerschaum species, and-asked a friend—whom we supposed to be an inveterate smoker—for one, when' we received an answer, "'Don't smoke uow—have ' no matches." We' appealed to half a dozen others; but met'with similar responses. Here was a "revolution;" but as there cannot be" effect without cause, we guessed that something must have occurred to wean so many well-known " puffers," from their pipe. We accordingly issued a " Commission of inquiry, aud tbe result has been tliat a Yankee iiolion—a graph from the "Atlantic Month y —has been discovered to be the worker of all the mischief. It appears one gentleman read it, brokie hie pipe and swore against the narcotic: the news spread; and, in a ishort time, breaking pipes became the fashion, but we are inclined to think that the movement will, notwithstanding, end in "smohe." The following is the offending "scrap" frojn the American magazine:— XI0 smoker;' observes the writer, ' who has fvet trained .severely-for t race, or a game, or a fiylit, need be told that' smoking "duces the toiie of the system, and diminishes all tlie.torce of the body. : he' kpows jt/ Horace Greelej s observation is quotjed to the effect that ' wheha man begins' to aAoke he immediately becomes a hog ;" aiid it )s mentioned that no'less than £100.000,000 sterling per annum are expended on the nokious, weed. .'Among «»e nations of , the earth most universally addicted to spoking,' remarks the writer, who was for thirty veM,rs a slave to the degrading practice//*r«. the Turks,, the Persians, thp Chinese, and 'the Spaniih—all sUres oft-r^diing of his own e^pehenee, . spectfuily to 'assure tije brptherliood of smokers that it dbes pot j>ay ;to smolte. .ItjMlly. docs not. I cad work bditofaud longer than.-be»ore. , I liavje less iliea'daclie.' ! I have a bettfir opinion of myself. I enjoj' Exercise more, and step out mucli more Vigorous!x,'' ^ly. romn f cleaner. The bad air ol' our theatres and other jlublic pliices disgusts and 'infuriated uiC more,.»ut I exhausts 'me less. 1 1 think I am rather M*tr tempered, as well 'as more thcerful aiidsat^lwd, I eiidiire the.iiWvitatile ills of life Willi more fortitude, and lo^k foMa^d more hopefully, to tue coiniiig year's. It did hot paj' to snioke, but, atong ai«l the case,wa^isihissed.-i-i^;rp fin'KiWiWiWtowT^ABi.»tlemanTe«dmg cUriositV: ' it-Wk ^UWy'ruir the Rauutlet j (of. if port ftiaVki be any tsrjtena, tf haa fione throuRh evcr/ between'this and^ Queensland. lt started frtfm Dubbo; tailed Tn Cobbbta V had'a ohat with the official at Denison Town ; ' made » short Btay at Casillisr next turnVd, bp. at J fiaradihe { then came to'<&*»»• birthron; after wh>ch» it whisked offto'Coo^. postmasters, • - , - • • neither one air tte jomer< to: us, -receiving. complaints.; from, irate subscriber8abontthe„non-delirerv,pftheirpapers. The holtlera fif jcountty i post-omcfls ba^e not, as a rule, a great deal to do; and itis iuBt as eaByto-d$ tttaV li'tae ^ht as viotii.^pi&bo; Dispitch.' ' • ! '"v' ; • ! i, '"''"•• ", ." , • '-A BEAT® YOUS®' LADIT.—Forsometimepast the gentleman residing in one of ithe -dfctricts near Liverpool have had their premises ;frequentlj. visited by thieves, whose object seems to.have bejen.to s.M &efo;)fj|s,3w^|ch,thii.gentlemen keep. Betweeri'nine nria ten o'eluclt^n a, recent day, the niece of Mr. ,Kastwbpd pas m hefuncles bonse ildne, the servant -having left on some 'Mnuid; she was startled^by hearing the cackling of fowls ia : the-hen4peh"iftvthe jgardeni andon'lookingthroughthe.windowsawtwo men in the runj.which is,enclosed by jwireworkj There were two,pistols oft tjip chimney,piece,, one of whicb wps loaded With,! small phot,.and was alrrady capped; the loaded one ,she took down, and, armed with this formidable weapon, went into the garden to attack' the two thieves.- They wereboth in the rlin, and one of them had a duck under each arm: She immediately placed 1 the barrel of the pistol through theiwirework aimed at the lower part of the man's body, and discharged the weapon. -The man uttered a ory of pain, dropped the birds, and. with tne assistance of his companion, climbed ' over the garden-wall into a' field,,and esoaped,— AcdibfiKT.—We Tegret to record an accident' which happened on Thursday morning last to Mrs. Want, of Sydney, who is on a visit to Braid wood, and staying with her daughter, Mrs. Scarvell. In stepping down from the verandah : of Mr. Scarvell s residence to get into Mrs. HaBsaU's carriage, which was'waiting for her at the gate, she dislocated her ankle. Drs. Pattison and Morton were in immediate attendance; upon her; She is progressing very well, we bear, although she has been in great pain.— THB BOBBBET AT MESSRS. CHISHOLUS— George J^ones, John Archibold. and Andrew Liddy, found guilty at the Central Criminal Court, in Sydney, ,on Saturday last, of being concerned in the robbery of silk from Messrs. Chisholm's, were each sentenced to three years imprisonment with hard labour, in Dorlinghurst. gaol. ? femior, ch is left with a Tory largearea to . — C o i • •'. , ... ly call at the station ble has been taken from the i Mombian caves.— jtatfemtitecrvov. ••.• - ct Of the jury; was " died —Yass Courier. elbaume Argus. ? Newcastle Chronicle. . , ? ? ton Examiner; • * ^ BraidwoodDispatch. .<•• :. f--. 