A SCENE PROM HENRY VIII. AS recently enacted at the theatre royal, macquarie St. Hing Henry VIII, Mr. M — cl — y. Cardinal Wolsey, Mr P — rk — s. Earl of Surrey, Mr. Robertson. King — Good, my lord, You are full of Fenian stuff, and have an inventory Of affidavits sworn — the which no doubt You now are running o'er ; you have no time To give your jaded conscience a brief spell — 'Tis clouded in your mysteries. Wolsey — Sir, Now out of office I have lots of time, wherein To think upon the share of business which I did i' the state — that state which did require Her time of preservation — and, no doubt I, her unworthy servant, did my share To keep her healthy. King — You have said well ; But words, sir, are not deeds. Once we trusted you (Or tried to do so), and we gave you office ; Employ'd you where high profits would accrue ; And shelv'd far better men in order to Give office to you. Wolsey (aside) — What drives he at ? Surrey (aside) — Revenge increase this business ! King — Were you not once A ruler in the state 1 I pray you tell me What good you did for us ? now, come. Wolsey — I do profess That for His Highness' good I ever labor'd, More than mine own, or country's — though perils did Abound as thick as thought could make 'em, and Grim Fenian bands were raised — yet my duty As rock against the Maitland raging flood Did this most foul and murd'rous mystery break ; And saved the Prince ! King — Then, by the powers, If you did that you bear a loyal heart Beneath your waistcoat. But, sir-ree, read that, Hands various exposes. And after, that ; and then go to the House If you've the pluck. Exit King, scowling upon Wolsey, followed by Govern ment M.L.A.s, who grin sardonically. Wolsey (solus) — To what tends this — Why do they smirk now ? What have they found out About Kiama ? What is in this paper ? — I fear I'm somehow sold. Yes, that's the fact Those 'davits have undone me — 'tis an account Of all the billets which I've lavished freely For mine own ends ; indeed to work the mystery, And fee my friends who swore ! Jerusalem ! I've made a failure sure ! What circumvention Caused all my secrets to be blazoned out, Thus to expose me ? Can't I yet get off — Is there no dodge to throw dust in their eyes And clear me once again. What's this ? By the Pope ! The dodge I tried to work, to make a Fenian Of one who never was — and thus to settle A loyal colonist ! Nay, then, farewell ! I've touched the Treasury just once too often, And from the full meridian of my glory Return to low obscurity. I fall, 'Midst execrations of maligned thousands, And prate of ghosts no more ! Sobs convulsively, and hurries away in search of Fenians. 