IX.—THEATRICAL. Mr. Walter Montgomery, the celebrated tra- <*> gedian, has been starring in Adelaide with great success, and has fully sustained the reputation he has earned in the neighboring colonies. No actor since Jefferson has crested such a sensa tion here, and notwithstanding the extreme dulnesi of the times, he has drawn crowded houses for the hut eight or nine evenings. His chef dVeurre has been "Hamlet," but he has been much admired as Benedick in "Much Ado About Nothing," Claude Melnotte, and John Mildmay in -'Still Waters Bun Deep." He has also played as " Louis X 1.," Shy lock, and in a number of other characters. HAMLET. Possibly Mr. Coppin's opinion of the theatri cal taste of theAdehude public underwent some modification if he was present at the " Royal' on Monday evening, and he might come to the conclusion that Shakspeare's plays in the hands of actors who are able to exhibit a true con ception of big characters will not fail to draw large audiences. Every part of the house was crowded, and the delight of the whole assembly amounted to enthustamn. Mr. Montgomery, on appearing as Hamlet, met with bursts of cheering. Anticipation was excited to the utmost respecting his rendering of the character; [ but criticism was soon over, and its place sup plied by feelings of delight and admiration. No actor who has preceded Mr. Montgomeiy in Adelaide has achieved so complete a triumph in his impersonation of Hamlet. He seems to have perfectly conquered all temptation to those exaggerations of violence in voice and manner to which most tragedians give way in their representation of the mad Prince. His melancholy brooding over his father's murder, the stern resolve, the insanity, feigned or real, the intensity of anguish and tempests of wrath, all were painted in vivid but lifelike colors. Nothing was overstrained; the subdued anger, occasional outbursts of passion, galling sarcasm, soliloquy, all were natural throughout. The act ing wa? not of the stage stagey, but had all the effect of reality. Voice, expression, and manner were suited to each change of scene, and to every varying mood. The audi ence were entranced, and even the de fects in some of the other char?c'ers scarcely could inu- the effect of tb • grand central figure. Mr. Montgomery was far more | effectively supported than we expected. Mr. i Holloway quite took the house by surprise as the Ghost of the murdered monarch, his voice being subdued, sepulchral, and solemn, bis manner at once quiet and unearthly. A hearty round of applause rewarded his delivery of the dialogue with Hamlet Mrs. Holloway ap peared to advantage as the Queen, though at times there was a want of animation in her rendering of some of the most thrilling scent*. Miss St. Denis's Ophelia was a remarkably skilful piece of acting, and those who only saw her in this character at the Town Hall could enjoy her representation of it under j so much more favorable circumstances, i The ni?^nft" of the poor stricken orphan is a most difficult part to represent, so easily might a ludicrous tara be given to { Ophelia's most touching manifestations of grief and derangement; but in these scenes Miss St. Denis acquitted herself with striking success. Mr. Welsh personated tho guilty Claudius, and '. where the players bold up the'mirror of his own conduct to the fratricide, the expression of guilt and horror was very natural. There was con siderable merit in Mr. Lawrence's rendering of Laertes, the only fault being at times rather too much atiSness. Mr. Stanley and Miss Melville j got through the dramatic scene passably enough. Miss Forde made a good page. Mr. GreviUe was of course in his element as the Oravedigger, and gave full point to all the humor ofthe dialogue. The other characters were ropre- i sented endur&bly;, though the courtiers wer* not particularly courtly either in style or de- j livery. We tnust not forget Mr. Bogera's j Polonias, which was made decidedly too comic Polonius was fussy and verbose, but there was nothing of the buffoon about him. His advice to hu son on starting for France was omitted, and the old man was hardly treated fairlj in having his weaknesses exposed and his sound moral philosophy ignored.* Mr. Montgomery' vu called before tie curtain at the close of ; each act, and received an ovation at the final fall of the curtain. MDCH ADO ABOUT HOTOOra. There ni a crowded and brilliant hoose at the Boyal on Wedneaday evening. His Excel lency Colonel and Kb. Hamley. the officers of the 60th, and many of the dite of Adelaide were present, and the boxes looked gay with a numerous attendance of ladies in full dress costume. The programme was attractive and ample, including "Much Ado about Nothing,*' ana " Don Cttssr de Buul 41 In ffha"kwiw**T*ll*ff comedy Mr. Montgomery, of eonrse, appealed as Benedick, the merry and reluctant lover. Mr. Montgomery** favorable reputation in this role no doubt did ranch to attract ao great an audience, and they were not disappointed. There are many more subtle characters than Benedick that in many important respect• present less difficulty to an actor, tfoweaafly might the long dialogues, the rapid badinage, and the succession of conceits and puns in which the hero of the comedy indulges him self, low much of their charm in the hands of one who had not a, very true conception of the part, and whose acting and delivery were not calculated with a studied and graceful negligence to bring out Benedict's quaint and jesting humor. These requisites Mr. Mont gomery possesses in an eminent degree, and he never allowed the enjoyment to flag. Bene dict's cynical raillery against matrimony, bis encounters of wit with Beatrice, the effect of his supposed knowledge of her regard for him, the thawing of his frigid indifference, the passionate affection succeeding, were all skil fully portrayed, and through all ran the vein of drollery that tinged every mood of Beatrice's lover. The challenge to Claudio, showed him in * sterner mood, and this aeene was ado rably rendered. Mdlle. St. Denis madea good Beatrice, the slight defects of articulation that some people exaggerate so absurdly, being abundantly compensated for by the vivacity she imparted to tbe repartee of the brilliant and fan ciful girl. At times, if anything, the fair actress's liveliness was slightly excessive, bat on tbe whole she displayed a just and pleasant concep tion of the character. In the comedy Miss St. Denis was most at home, but in her occasional fits of tenderness her acting was graceful and natural. Mrs. Hblloway took the part of Hero, Miss Forde that of Ursula, and Miss Allen made her appearance as Margaret. Mr. Holloway had not a bad idea of Don John, though hu raillery was apt to be boisterous. Mr. Stanley was effective as the Friar, and Mr. Gladstone gave Borachio the voice and delivery of a cate chist orparish clerk. Mr.OrenOe, weneedhardly say, personated Dogberry, and represented with a pleasant humor the mimicry of wisdom ??"* stringybark law of that noted constable. Tbe audience were in -ecstasies with Mr. Mont gomery** acting, and rewarded him with bursts of cheering. M lie. St Denis also received a fair share of applause. The rank and file of the cast would hardly repay a detailed notice. "Don Caesar de Bazan" followed, Mr. Montgomery taking the part of Don Caasar. He gave point to the" mad wit of the scapegrace nobleman,- and the representation of his style and manner was at once appropriate and entertaining, but there was a little lack of life in his rendering of one whose humor was of a peculiarly loud and rollicking character. It was, however, a most! enjoyablepieceof acting, and noneof themeaning of the text was lost. Mdlle. St. Denis person-' ated Montana with great success, and whether gay or pathetic, was faithful to the character. ? Miss Forde appeared as LazariUo, and threw a good deal of spirit intoher rendering of tbe part. Her voice is scarce'y adapted to the thrilling and martial air of " Let me like a Soldier Fall," but the expression she threw into the sosg secured her applause from the generous gods and tbe occupants of the lower regions. Don Jose, the villain of the piece, was very fairly < aoted by Mr. Lawrence, and the Marquis and i Countess de Botondo were amusingly played by ' Mr. Rogers and Miss Melville. The piece was finished about a quarter to 12, and toe Band i struck np the National Anthem aa the vast: assemblage dispersed. STn-L WATKB EONS DEEP. There was a good house, though not a crush, at tbe Royal on Thursday evening, when Tom Taylor's comedy " Still Waters Run Deep" was played, Mr. Montgomery taking the part of John Mildmay. The plot of the piece is artistic though simple, with some startling surprises towards the close. Mildmay. a. young man of money, good principles and disposition, bat with a great lack of ornamental qualities, marries a dashing young girl, who is completely under the influence of an aunt, who also keeps in great submission her brother, Mrs. Mfldmaya i father, Mr. Potter, a simple old soul, with a j great idea of the wisdom of age, and; a very moderate estimate of his son- j in-laws abilities. These four form one household, of which Mildmay is the head nominally, and a terrible life the three lead him, he submitting with the patience of a martyr. Captain Hawksley, a *T?Jiing ?pecu lator, and man about town, has designs upon the virtue of the young wife, bamboozles tbe widow, who is ia love with him, and ii swindling the whole family with bubble shares. While pursuing his suit with Mrs. Mildmay, whose resolution to resist his advances trembles ia tbe balance, the aunt is a listener, and checkmates him. Hoping to ace the wife he encounters the widow, who loads him with in dignant reproaches, and informs him that his speculations upon the pocket* of tbe family aie j at end. The villain then threatens to make ; public 13 love- letters, with which she has honored him, unless her brother and nephew complete the purchase of Jim^h. He then leaves her to meditate upon the j alternative; neither of the parties to this I unamiable Ute a teU dreaming that Mildmay, I whom they suppose at Manchester, has been an i attentive listener. The next morning Mrs. ! Sternbold, in her terrible trouble, sends for the despised Mildmay, and endeavors to rouse him to a resolution of bringing matters to an issue with her dangerous enemy. The young man, however, treats the affair very coolly, and remarks that as he has been treated as a cipher, ' be will enjoy the advantages of being one; and tbe lady, loading him with taunts on account' of his supposed poltroonery, quits the room in a tempest of passion. John finishes his breakfast, gets some of Hawksley's shares from the old man, and waits upon the gay swindler, \ who, sure of his game, enters into a glowing description of the prospects of the Company, ! and wishes Mildmay to purchase largely. His simple-minded visitor, however, was but playing with him, and after finally declining to buy, he ' requests the captain to purchase back shares at par, and deliver op Mrs. Sternhold's thirteen letters, and finally he exhibits the Jinming { proof of a forgery committed years before by ihe swindler. The shares were at once placed at par, tbe love-letters given up, and the forged ! cheque handed over to the scoundrel, who at I once burnt it Hawkeley had been invited to dine at the house of the man who had thus outwitted him, and he kept his appointment for the purpose of goading, by an insult, his host into a duel. Mildmay was prepared, and not being a shot, proposed that they might meet on equal terms, that his foe should puk his pistol in the dark from the pair, one being loaded and the other empty. The bully declined, and Mildmay ac cused him of refusing a challenge, and ob served that after all be was not bound to meet a felon, whereupon there was a general excla mation of astonishment, and a detective rush ing forwaJ-d clapped the handcuffs on our f aat friend. The forged cheque that had been burnt was a forgery of a forgery, and the original was in the hands of tie authorities. A general explanation followed. The natural explanations, apologies, and reconciliations came afterwards. Mildmay hid pl*yed a deep game, and at last established a new order of things in hit home. Poor sub missive Pctter could not understand what it meant; but his son-in-law might have said as he did, though in other words, to bis aunt—"Marry, p ace it bodes, and love and quiet life; an awful rule, and right supremacy." In this play the main character was Mildmay, and to give a fair idea of Mr. Montgomery's style of acting in this character, we could not do better than compare it to Mr. Jefferson in his favorite parts, minus, of eours'., the tinge of Yankeeiam that ran through tbe wonderful impersonations of the great American actor. There Was the came imperturbable coolness, never disturbed by any taunts, or any concate nation of circutnatancea Except by a mocking glance, a peculiar glitter in the eye, no one could teU that all was not peace and simplicity in the mind of our young Lancashire friend. We have him first yawning about his parlor, bearing feminine annoyances with Christian meekness, and appearing wonderfully nnsophistioated. An occasional dry remark leads you to fancy that after all, to use his own expression, " he is not such a fool as he looks." Then though he ap pears cold, a keen physiognomist and observer of character, could see signs now and then that his heart was not a frigid one. Afterwards we see him afflicted with the knowledge of bis wife's weakness, and of his aunt's trouble. What a breakfast that was next morning with Mrs. Sternhold. How he affected dulnest; how he stung her with quiet retorts, that she never looked for from him; bow he eat and drank; and how be bore her Invectives when she found, or fancied she discovered, she could not wake his dull soul into chivalry. In the next scene he is with the keen Hawkelay and a fresh light is thrown upon bis character. At first he is quiet and heavy as ever, tut through his seeming stolidity there ever sad anon flashes a cutting Irony that puslsa the experienced and acute man of the world, who did not look for suoh weapons in such a quarter. Then there came the open parody on the villain's affeclatibn of excessive coolness, and at last the decisive demand. Hawksley's attempt at blows showed our Lero in a new light; bis blood was up, his voice raised in the accents of anger, and bis antagonist quailed before hi* look and attitude. Once more wa find him emotional, and displaying earnestness when he reforms the discipline of bis own borne; and ia his treatment of his wife, and her aunt, and the mutual explanations between them, we see the true loving .chivalrous heart—l!? gentleman without the varnish. Throughout it was an unsurpassable piece of ? "*"?{;. mn4 VBj can only say in conclusion, "We have been there, and we still would go." M& Mont gomery had the fortune to be fairly supported, Hawfcsk* is * character w?0 adaptad to Mr, -, tawienoe. TliniM-h tut torn* k*|iiTw- . tton, Vb bas aiooTnoanrption ttOmhM,*^ " acrupulous, waay, pUyfavSaia. Urt-tOi, inajr was ?H imntrf i* JOm St Pom* : - irhofcnenfy dunes in fib* far* ?f ?ns£sr repentoi.twSa. ifm He^way taid/e^^ = Mn. Sector Bternhold. ihooga ber &&>&* was apt to be too stagey at ?iBM? tor&>BtesSe scenes. Her ?nanagea>eni rf her fantiicr..?ad - eratitodetoMtMa?yirtt??atanllyai<leaa% repreaentod. Mr. Potter, tfce ateepy oHge?ae man, .bond by ?ad nnAfr tb? 4ojnink>B cf - women, full af adauration for his sister, acS. absurdly misconceiving fluiffnaiMter of ti?W? in-!aw was personated by Mr. Bogon miahtV^. Donbflk, aVtesh^LUi, appsresW fatrodTOl into As plot betaose tha* might to be one Irishman m it, was represented by Mr. GteiflW who save a dash of low comedy to several scenes that lad aaomewbatiarring?ffest. Mr. Starior made a tolerable detective, though he looked too ' eager. The other characters aimnly 6Hi&xs;£ the picture. The " Eastic Prima Domu" ?* lowed. . -. S ; - 