ARALUEN. _ A ? MEETING IN SUPPORT OF THE FREEMAN'S JODRNAL. (From a Correspondent.) On Wednesday evening last, the 12th mst., a meeting was convened in accordance with an advertisement published by order of the com mittee of the 'Freeman's Journal,' at which a large number of the influential residents of the Araluen were present. The spacious and taste fully decorated ball-room of Mr. Hogan's Hotel was literally crowded long before the appointed time. All evinced an eager and hearty desire to assist, even beyond their means the 'Freeman' against the unjust interference of the Attorney General. The business was commenced by Mr. ? T. W. Faulkner being voted to the chair, who, after returning thanks for the honour conferred said : — Gentlemen, the subject which I now submit to you arises from the novel legislation of our Attorney -General, his biassed and unjust pro secution of the 'Freeman's Journal' is one by do means new to you or the country. A gentle man, for that I must still call him, acknowledg ing his education, which is the only thing in his character entitling him to the compliment, fear less of the contempt of every honest and justice loviug iran in Australia degrades the dignity of his office by hia unjust persecution of a paper which was the only critic on his rotten policy. Yes, this scourge of a legislator, for that he is recreant to every feeling of principle, recreant to premises pledged over and over again, and rene gade to his party, has thought; proper to make use of the public purse, and to use it in a most improper way, use it to crush the 'Freeman's Journal,' a paper the only outspoken ani inde tfcmieuo urgun ln-oyaney, the paper which re viewed fchu Premier's conduct when he thought and endeavoured to make his Treason Felony Act law, he brought forth his Bull to goad and enslave this colony, and if any shame yet remains in that huge frame of his he should really feel it, when this offspring of his was returned back, from England completely shorn of his horns, and so the emanation of this great master mind is. harmless after all; but, nevertheless, gentlemen it is not his fault that it is so. This bill insults every Christian man in New South Wales. He uses the public purse to crush a paper which strongly condemned his unjust interference with Father Dillon. He put his hand into the public purse to crush the only paper which opposed the godless system of education. The Premier looks for vengeance, and, to find a victim, he has recourse to the meanest of dodges— a detective, in plain clothes, sent to the ' Freeman's Office' to purchase back issues of the journal ; what is his design in doing so ? It is obvious, to see if the proprietors could be caught publishing sedition ; perhaps to see if, at least, a case of defamation of character could be trumped up. Defame whom ? A man who has sunk himself below the contempt of his fellow man- a man. who could appropriately be de Bounced, in the words of our immortal bard, Go— go— 'tis vain to curse, 'Tis weakness to upbraid thee ; Hates; cannot wish, thee worse Than guilt and shame have made thee. This man, whom you have hoisted into power believing in his protestations— believing in his promises, which were made but to deceive you - believing in his avowed policy, which he never since followef- has assumed the reins of power So that he might with more facility deceive those who trusted him ; but it is for you the next time an election offers to show your indignation of spurious representatives. Yes, if the Honorable the Attorney-General himself has the hardihood of presenting himself to you, or any of his myrmidons, the abettor of his deception hurl them back to their former obscurity, and tell them they are not the parties to lead a free people. They have tampered with your rights in every possible manner, and have endeavoured to drive you into despaiar. Despair naturally produces indolence, which they know is the proper dis position for slavery. But to speak to the point, what prompts the Attorney- General to take this action— is it to vindicate the law? No, gentle men, but probably to gratify a selfish spleen which he should blush to have imputed to him. He seeks large damages two thousand four hundred pounds, eight pounds eight shil ings costs, so that he might more effectually stamp out the only paper which opposed his anti Ca tholic bigotry, the paper which ever condemned the arbitrary sway of his unscrupulous and cor rupt Ministry, because it exposed the blunders and wrong doings of those in power, of those who bloated themselves upon the legal pickings of a young and oppressed country, it not only looses the patronage of the Government which by the by would not give them a single advertisement for insertion though entitled to a fair share with the press of the colony ; not only this, but it actually crowns its unjust career in office by this low and mean proceedings, because its rotten and absurd Treason Felony Bill was hooted by the ' Freeman's Journal' ; and lastly gentlemen, because it faithfully represented the views of the one third of the colonists who I dare say regret that the blood which warms their veins should course the veins of one so treacher ous. We repudiate and deny him, the old saying is true, that when a man forgets his nationality his fatherland, he is sure forget his decency and his principles, and like a stream of water always to grow impure and corrupt the futher he strays from the fountain head. Next I would ask you why were proceedings not taken eighteen months ago? Why were they not taken during the two years and four months this paper existed without registration of the proprietors names or of the office, and why are proceediags not taken against those other journals whose registration is far more in informal? For shame Mr. Martin. Your disgraceful case must fall through even though you have recourse to the old and notorious system of packing a jury; you must get— a Jefreys or a Que for a Judge. Any sane man can easily see that it was not the intention of the Proprietors to evade the law, they did everything they thought the law required - severally registered before Justice Stephens their names, and in the imprint of each issue of their paper for six months published their names and residences, does this look like a desire not to conform to the law? Certainly not ; but Mr. Martin awakes from lethargy. No odds how good the intention of the proprietors were, they did not understand and never heard of this rusty old obsolete act, framed sixteen thousand miles away centuries ago. And because they have muzzled the hon. gentleman from do ing more dirty work he endeavours to crush them, and employs this forgotten scrap of the law. It is not my intention gentlemen to tresspass any longer upon you, being well aware you comprehend the matter fully, and that any feeble effort of mine in laying the facts before you is superfluous. I am also aware that the Premier does not value any observa tion I may make on him. A man who would be deaf to the contemptuous cry of so large a portion of the colonists could easily close his ears against my remarks. But let him under stand that it is not my single view of his cha racter I am giving ; they are also the views that easily find expression in the hearts and mouths of thousands more capable of giving them utter ance than I am. So, as our duty here to-night is to repel aggression, let us do so spiritedly ; and as your committee have decided a few moments since not to call on your subscriptions to-night— not to call on you until this hasty prosecution ia ended, when you can see in what proportion to give, when your subscriptions will not be in accordance with your means, but above it, if needs be, in accordance with the wants of the 'Freeman's Journal.' When that time comes, do not forget those who fought so nobly your battles— those who exposed themselves to every danger, defending your cause, but rally round them and, by your ample subscriptions, shield them even from the great guns of the Attorney-General, who can take such unwar ranted liberty with the public purse. This suit, though directly taken against the 'Free- man's Journal,' is actually taken against you; it is us who are marked out for victims, so let us not be indolent— let us work in unison with our fellow- colonists ; and now that the spirit is aroused, keep it stirring, and show Mr. Martin what goad arises out of his evil. After so long engaging your attention, I will now ask one request— that you consider well the resolutions, and be prepared to act up to them when called upon. I shall now leave the case in the hands of those gentlemen appointed to move the reso lutions, who, I am sure, will not leave a stone unturned. (cheers) Mr Kennedy was then called upon to propose the first resolution who on rising was received with loud cheers, said, that he was not aware until he came there, that a resolution would be entrusted to him. He would read the resolu tion:— 'That it is the unanimous opinion of this meeting the prosecution of the 'Freeman's Journal' by Mr. Martin is the action of a bitter adversary and not of an impartial minister of justice.' Gentlemen, the consideration of this resolution fills me with pain and shame. I am sorry, because, well nigh every Catholic and Irishman in the colony, at one time expected that Mr. Martin's actions through life would be marked by a spirit of liberality, would be guided by a spirit of impartial justice. But, alas ! our disappointment is dark and bitter, just as our hope was bright and pleasing. And I am ashamed that the political head of our noble country should demean himself so much as to use his official power to gratify his private spleen. I am firmly convinced from the recent explanation of the 'Freeman's Journal,' and from the verdict of my own common sense as well. But men of Araluen, condemning as I do from the depths of my heart the conduct of the hon the Attorney-General, I will do my utmost to oppose his unworthy attack, his dis honorable attempt to crush a consistent adver sary, and I know you too well to think that you will tamely see our interest trampled upon. Our interests and these of the 'Freeman' are identical. Gentlemen, actions are better than words and I will conclude my few remarks, by resolving never to be backward in supporting my religion, never to forget fatherland for this I deem to be the first and last duty of man. Mr Kennedy resumed his seat amid cheers and great applause. The resolution was seconded by Mr. Conners who said : Mr. Chairman and Gentlemen,— Mr Martin has greatly disgraced himself within the last year or two, this last act of meanness seemed a fitting climax to his political back-sliding. He will have a harder wrestle with the undaunted 'Freeman' than he had with Paddy Kelly's famous budget of time past, it is us who have placed him in power, it was us who gave him charge of the political waggon, but lie has managed to drive us off the right road and to give us the full length of his lash, but when he comes before us we will lash him from his high place, we will make him reap the fruit of the whirlwind he is sowing, we will give him time to feed his perverse mind and his false heart on the wholesome food of a plentiful remorse which his many misdeeds are sure to create. Gentlemen, I it is said that this Martin is a native of fair Aus stralia, I am aware that he was brought here a youth and that he was taught by the pious lips of an humble mother the duties of the Catholic religion, I suppose that he will continue to be called a native- He does not deny that he is a Catholic, and though I am an humble man I cannot feel proud of my fellow-countrymen, and truly I blush for my co religionists. I pass over other things ; the late Treason Felony Act, and this unbecoming attack on this advocate of Catholicity will send down to posterity the name of Martin loaded with contempt. I need hardly say that I would be far from lending myself to any thing disloyal, but I suppose without being so, I can state publicly my opinion of this dis graceful Treason Felony Act, that it is a well wrought machine for creating disloyal feelings in the minds of Irishmen and in the minds of their descendants for generations to come. There can be no doubt I am sure it has done more harm than a thousand Fenians would do for twelve months with mind and money in plenty to aid their designs, Of this persecution of the Freeman's Journal, I need hardly say it is worthy of the genius and spirit of the inventor of the Treason Felony Bill Gentlemen, I feel great pleasure in seconding the resolution proposed by Mr. Kennedy. The manly speech of Mr. Conners was greatly cheered. The resolution was put from the chair and carried unanimously. The Chairman next called upon Mr Hen nessy to propose the second resolution. He most willingly proposed the resolution handed to him, for it was one congenial to the feelings of every true Irishman. Irishmen are pro verbially chivalrous and opposers of oppression and haters of injustice, it would ill- become the children of Wolf Toue and O'Connell, to be otherwise. My resolution is as follows :- "This meeting therefore pledges itself to defeat to the utmost of its power, the attempt of the Premier, to crush the fearless exponent of Irish sentiment, and the zealous advocate of Catho licity, and resolves moreover, always to support at any risk or expense a faithful advocate of Irish interest and Catholicity." These words go straight to your hearts. They ask you to protect the exponents of your sentiments, to de fend the fearless advocate of your persecuted creed, and to pledge yourselves even at risk and expense ever to support a paper that will place yourselves and your actions in a right light before the eyes of the world. That you will do so is proved by your numbers here to-night, and your feelings manifested through your words aud cheers. If we had not such a paper as the Freeman's Journal ;' a few months ago, when anti- Irish and anti-Catholic feeling ignorantly ran so high, our enemies could belie and up braid us without rebuke. If we had not the "Freeman" no strong voice would be raised in protest against that insulting and unjust Treason Felony Bill, nor would there be a strong hand to brand with scorn, and to cover with shame and absurdity that deformed offspring of blind legislation. And if the ' Freeman' was not at its post who would remind us of the beauties of the traditions, of the suffering, and the aspira tions of our beloved Ireland. And what other vehicle would bring to hundreds in this vast land a knowledge of their holy religion, or who would more boldly defend that religion from the fury of its oppressors-or who would sound the alarm bell of Faith, when such dangers as the late Public Schools Act would threaten to stifle Christianity in the breasts of children whose father's bled and died for the Church's glory and the ancient creed of Patrick. Gentlemen, with these few remarks I propose the resolution I have already brought to your notice. Dr Rodhead, on rising to second the resolution said, Mr. Chairman and Gentlemen, I have much: pleasure in seconding the resolution pro posed by Mr. Hennessy, for I cannot for the life of me, understand the motive the Attorney General has in prosecuting the 'Freeman's Jour nal unless it be that the journal has faithfully advocated the cause of the Catholic community and been true to its political principles, while the Attorney-General has betrayed every religious and political principle of his early career. It is not to vindicate the law for it has not been vio lated It must be to ruin the proprietors of the only liberal advocate in New South Wales. It has justly condemned Mr. Martin's acts aud those of his colleagues. It has fearlessly con demned all the infidel measures of the present Ministry, and it has most truly given the death-blow to each of them, and like 'Paddy Kelly's Bud get, its ruin is so sought by the Catholic preten der, in consequence of the candid way in which it has spoken the sentiments of the whole Catho lic population. Pray who were they who brought this Attorney General out of obscurity and placed him in the position he now holds ? The Irish aud Catholic population of this noble country Mr. Parkes is a fair man compared with Jemmy Martin; but we know Parkes to be the defiant enemy of everything Irish or Catholic, and we shall deal with him accordingly. But, as for the Premier, he is the greatest renegade and- most contemptible politician in New South Wales When he first appeared in the political world, it was through a very dirty channel, the sewers of Sydney ; and all his political life since is marked with some dirty job. Taking him as he was, and as he is, he is far worse than that base informer Corydon (Hear, hear.) Mr. Cowper, in defi ance of the whole bar of New South Wales made him Attorney- General; how basely he betrayed him ? Aye, and every one who had anything to do with him. I am told his ambi tion is to become Chief Justice of the colony on the retirement of Sir Alfred Stephen. I hope no such calamity will ever befall us : for we have had enough of his judicial propensities in this blunder of a 'Treason Felony Act ' Was there ever a more iniquitous measure passed by any body of sane men? Against whom was it directed-the very party who supported him to his present powerful position. There is an old saying, ' put a beggar on horseback, and he is sure to ride to a certain nameless old gentle man." Mr. Martin has proved himself to be the greatest political renegade this colony ever saw But if he or any of his infidel associates ever again come before us, we will, depend upon it, hurl them back to their former obscurity This country shall never be cursed with such back sliding humbugs. This is a free country we I have a free press, (I almost said freedom of speech), freedom of thought, and freedom of action, and depend upon it Mr. Martin aud his colleagues, time in office is but short. No doubt his fellow associate H Parkes would like to have the old penal laws of England in force in the colony. We will not have them, and he that would attempt to enact them shall be lost to the political world for ever. What is morally wrong cannot be politically right, and Mr. Martin's political career has been based on deceit, trickery and ingratitude, and were he to have his way, he would deprive us of our freedom, and reduce I us to abject slavery, but that day shall never! come as long as Irishmen and Catholicity hold such a prominent position in NSW. The motion was carried unanimously. Mr. W. M'Donald on rising was warmly received He said he was sorry the resolution he had to propose did not fall into more competent hands, He would read the resolution, ' That to further this project the following gentlemen be appointed members of committee :-Dr. Redhead, Messrs. J. Maher, TW Faulkner, J Maher, Redbank Bank; P. McManus, W. M'Donald, J. Gilligan, Connors, M Kennedy P- Kenwerk, N. Irwin, with power to add to their number.' This resolution was,merely of formal nature, but he trusted sincerely that the gentlemen men mentioned would be active in the discharge of their duty, which they may well consider to be a duty of conscience for the Freeman's Journal is a paper which may wel1 be ca11ed a golden church through which flows unstrained great and copi- our political, literary and religious information. He Air. m Manus. He said : ho fully concurred with every word of the previous spLS ']£ JS -? y Say! thafc at the ne*fc acting they The '8C6r^ e Pr w?f -their nation «« was carried with acclamation .' iaemotlon . be at once opened to aid in defraying the expenses incurred.' He thought this resolution demanded a little explanation, for he was aware that many came prepared to see the subscription list opened, and to pay to it as well But, he ' fiT* iaS well-las,many ofchers warm friends of the 'Freeman' thought it more prudent to postpone the opening of the subscription list until the amount to be met would be known, lhen there will be no delay and every man will give, not in accordance with his means, but far above them— in accordance with the wants of the Freeman's Journal. ' We have too much mind and too much spirit not to support that paper with promptitude and generosity which so truly speaks the sentiments of our hearts. Mr. Goggon seconded the resolution, and said that no sacrifice would be too great, made in defence of the 'Freeman's Journal.' After a few brief remarks from the Chairman, in which he called upon those present not to be remiss in this important duty but to instill into the minds of their acquaintances the great nesessity there was for their co-operative action, the business terminated by Dr. Redhead moving, seconded by Mr. M'Donald that Mr. Faulknt leave the chair and that Mr. Maher take it, when a vote ot thanks to the chairman was passed unani mously. The proceedings were brought to a close by hearty response given to the three cheers called for the "Freeman's Journal' then three to chairman and three to Dr. Redhead. Obangkism at Ballabat. _ As the person who is known as Bogus Clarke has, ia viSue of 1 his office as the leader of a society for the pro'. -? motion of religious hatred, some sort of publie posi ion, it becomes a duty (says the BaUarcU Star) to show what are the practices which he considers to be part of his duty. We. had stated that he had sought to deprive honest men of their means ot livelihood because they diff. ared from him in their religious views, and we abr,la!?of^'.:?afc » 'ritoriooB, that almost — ^ f'''u riMfjuiuumenc was the object of the secret scheming of his society to promote ill MQn£' v, VFW* Say tbat in the beginning of 186-,Mr. W. Clarke waited upon the proprie tpr of tins paper as a deputation from the Urange bociety, and requested that Mr Fitz Herbert, who hai then just been appointed reader should be dismissed, on the express ground that he (Mr. Fitzli.rbert,) was a Saa ££ ? £ 2Te afeClh!U?Ily Say fchat fche Pr°P»e tor of the Star declined to accede to any such outrageous request, and did, we believe, point out to Mr. Clarke that he himself had been a reader ou a paper owned by Catholics, who had not objected to-him;- on account of his religion We^need. only add that this is but one instance ?of the tactics pursued by this G. M. oa beaaif ,ot the society to which he belongs ; and we may ^ - - — _„£,„ uukiu ,»uoio c*iu very iew, even ?amongst Orangemen, who will not be heartily asuamed: when they know what has been done in their name. . The' Count. '-The Brisbane; Courier of She Id th instant has the following :- Ifc i8 pretty well known that the illustrious stranger. 'who lately honoured our poor city with his presence, under the style, title, and dignity of the Count von Attems, is the -individual who, in, our Sydney telegram on Tuesday)} was said to have obtained large advances iu that city, on fictitious papers. We are sorry to say that lie managed during his short stay here, to' walk into the gond graces of soma. of our citizens, and;Co ouke rather heavy drafts on their bankers. His I countship, it will be remembered, left. Brisbane in that renouned craft the Hamlet's Ghost, the history of which vessel ought to be written some day ; and he has last been heard bt at Clf.vd.uid Bay. A warrant is out for his apprehension, and troopers have been despatched overland from Port Denison to secure him if possible be fore, he makes a descent on our friends ia Batavia. We failed to notice the Count as he deserved when he was in Brisbane, but should he visit us again, especially with the order which the Sheriff of Queensland desires to confer oa him on his breast, and Mr. Seymour's decora, fcions at his wrist, we shall endeavor to make wnendfl for our former neglect of Son Alttasbo. 