SUMMARY OF MAIL JTEWS. THE news by the Mail this month, if not of a startling, is, at nil events, of a most interesting character. "We find an old friend in the stereotyped sentence, " Feninnism is dying out." Of course, we very much hope that such is the case; but, having a liveh recollection that the same was said by one Mail just prior to that which brought Hie damaging intelligence of the Clerkenwell and Cork outrages, we are not disposed to place implicit confidence in the telegram this time, and rather fear the snake is "Scotched, not killed." "We see the double-dyed ruffian "approver," Mullany, has given such evidence as will, in all probability, result in the conviction of tbe cowardly savages who planned and carried out the Clerkenwell tragedy. Another ringleader—one Mackay —seems to stand a very fair chance of "swinging high to tbe dismal bell" for his infamous crimes against society. Some editors of seditious newspapers have been sentenced to terms of imprisonment, a hint that may well be taken by our Sydney friends. Our at one time "nation's pet," the Princess Royal, has produced to her lord another male child. liong may she be preserved to give scions of the Royal House of England as heirs to the Germanic Crown. The noisy wind-bag, George Francis Train, it appears, has made a grand mistake in expecting to draw Irish money in return for his nonsensical maunderings. He will by this time probably have put the Atlantic between himself and those be hoped to fleece and excite, and, amongst our trans-Atlantic cousins, msy make some capital out of the blunder committed in arresting his inconse- I 1 r it 1 C -1 . i J ,, quintal self. "Out of evil, cometh good; and it is on the cards that the recent' Fenian outbreaks will not raise the ill-feeling some people feared against Ireland and tbe Irish, but will stimulate some of England's leading statesmen to seek for tbe real remedy for Irish "wrongs"—real or iinaginaiy. The usually astute John Stuart Mill has made an unconscionable mistake at the outset, by actually advocating separation. We opine that he will stand alone in such advocacy. John Bright hits the right nail upon tLe head in urging the abolishment of the Established Church in Ireland and its religious supremacy, and the creating of a farming proprietary instead of absentee landlords. Such a course would content the Irish, and such a course would be but a hare act of justice to Ireland. Earl Suasel, also, i8 in favor of paying the Boman Catholic Priest- hood. Such evidence of renewed energy is consoling, and we may hope tbat it will not flag until Irish grievances are of the past only. The dissenters of England still groan and sweat under the burden of the unjust compulsory church rates. The House of Commons have again passed a bill for abolishing the obnoxious tax, but we fear tbe action of tbe Peers will again render nugatory Gladstone's popular measure. At last the " wonderful man/' Disraeli, has the reins of the English Government as Premier, and, could the ghost of the great San O'Connell shortly rise from the grave, he may probably see, as a peer of the realm, the man be, in his bitter invective, stigmatised as being a lineal descendant from the impenitent thief upou the cross. ID Abyssinia, all was ready for a decisive eoujp, and Theodorous has doubtless'ere this been made to feel the power of the "tight little island," and, if the feelers of the newspapers are indices of public opinion in England, he may yet find his kingdom passed away, and his country a British colony. The glorious old thinker, Bishop Colensb, has again triumphed over his foes, and has been declared at Ratal to' be trustee of all church buildings, and also to have Ecclesiastical jurisdiction. The King of Hanover lias been indulging in hopes of regaining his'Crown, but the wily Bismarck JB wide awake, and will, doubtless, play checkmate. Tbe French, it appeaxs, cannot fet be entrusted with a free Press, as a proposed clause in the PresB Bill, autiioriBingihe publicationofsummanes of debates in the legislative Chambar, was lost by 155 .votes to 66. AfE&irs; in America are not comfortable ; thanks to the Protective Tariff there ate-thousands af mechanics* out of employ. The public debt has Increased by 9,000,000 dollars in iivo.months, and the cash in the Treasury has •decreased in the same 4ime -Jiy"3.0,000^000 -4ollara. The Souse of Jiepresentatives |ia3i3ecided onthe impeadi- -«nest if^ President'^Johnson, who was sum- moned to appear before -the Senate on March 13th. Altogether, things "look remarkably well for England just now, and rather frowning'for America. We notice that that very clever actress, Mrs Alfred Phillips, is advertised to give her recherche entertainment at the Vasouic Hall on MondaJ evening next. To-night, at the Masonic Hall, Professor Nash, who i the occasion of his last visit was highly successful as a Mesmerist and Electro-Biologist, gives a seance. We regret to learn from the -medical men of MaJdon that malignant scarlatina is just now very prevalent. Mothers and childen are alike attacked with the dangerous epidemic, and v.-e have noticed several funerals lately of little ones cat off by this agent of the fell King of Terrors. Wo owe it to ourselves, and to our readers, to make some explanation of why we did not, on Tuesday last, publish onr usual telegram of English news. Hearing on Monday afternoon that the mail steamer had been telegraphed, we sent to tbe JIaldon Telegraph office at tbe osual hoar for its dosing, and onr messenger found the oSoe closed and in darkness. We accordingly went to press under the conviction that something had again delayed the nen-s. Between half-past 10 and 11 o'clock, the English telegram was brought to onr office-too late for the issue; we accordingly refused to tale it. By tbe night coach axmved, in Elaldon, the second edition of ilie Argot, containing the English nesre which had been published at 6 o'clock, and vet we received no intimation from the MaJdou office uutil nearly S hoars afterwards! When Mr A D. Ellis was at the llaldon office, he always courteously gave us timely intimation ; hut then, to be sure, he was a gentleman. Hie present unaccommodating superdllious Tite Barnacle in charge can do nothing gentlemanlike we are quite aware, liut, at least, as knows the present want of cash in the Government Department, he should endeavor, even in a business point of view, to increase the receipts at bis station, instead of (as he has done ever since he came to Jl^Idon) acting in Budi a manner as assuredly very much decreases the receipts and damns the reputation of the officc. Maldon is about to lose one of her most"generocs> cenial, and good townsmen, in the person of the Kev. W. Tranter. Baptist minister, and we regret having to add that on account of the great exodos from Jtaldon of members of his congregation, the cause of his leaving, is the total inability of his j«ople paving him a stipend—the latter has always been uecessarilv small, from the small number and comparative poverty of the Baptists in this district. Those who knoiv Mr Tranter, and who docs not? also know tint Ins scantilylined pocket was always open to those whose need seemed as great or greater than his own. We wish to be as careful as possible in handling so delicate a subject, and we scarcely know how to convey to our readers the fact that the sul.jcct of our notice will leave Maldon almost penniless, unless the people come forward and relieve themselves ef such a disgrace. AI Tranter has always readily placed bis time and talents at the service of any and every philanthropic purpose, and during the whole series of Sixpenny Headings, be has been the backbone of the same. U ' will now coice with good grace from the Athenisum Committee if they get up a special entertainment, the funds arising from whtdi tuoy be supplemented from other sources, and presented as a testimonial of esteem j to Mr Tranter. We have had in MaHon testimonials presented to worthy and unworthy men. Here is an opportunity of presentation to the most worthy of such we have ever known in the district. Two Chinese are now in the lock-up on ft suspicion of stealing. They are well-known pilferers and marauders, and in their tent, at Sandy Creik, a bag full of live fowls was discovered. Owners for the fowls are required, and any person who has lost such property lately, would do themselves a good torn and justice one too, by calling at the Camp for the purpose of identification. The English Opera Troupe, advertised to*give an entertainment at the Masonic llall, on Tuesday, missed their way when driving from Bendigo. and did not reach Maldon until it was time for the performance to commence. Bat they found no eager crowd waiting for admission, and, after the doors had been open for a considerable time, the attendance was so scanty that the money was returned, and no performance took place. Hie fact is, people are generally very poor in Maldon just now, and, moreover, we donbt not, all are saving their sjmre shillings for Wednesday next, when the performance in aid of the Hospital and Benevolent Association takes place. The rifle match between the Emerald Hill Artillery aiid Castlemaine Hifle Corps has, says the SenBigo Independent, been indefinitely postponed. We understand this has arisen through some misunderstanding as to where tbe match should be fired—the Castlemaine men wishing to fire at Kyneton, whilst their opponents prefer the Sandhurst butts. We think & decision sliould have been arrived at before this, ss it was by the merest chance the targets at the Back Creek bad not been altered. Captain Taylor having ordered it to be done for the accommodation of the rival teams. Under the heading of " Bard to Understand," the Bendigo Independent has the following:—We have received a loa? letter from Eaglehawk signed " Observer,but before publishing it »c would require the writer to furnish us lvi'.h an interpretation, so that we might know what he wished us to submit to our readers. Onr knowledge of the English language is limited to understanding it when it is written according to some recognised mle or rules, and this being the case "Observer's" communication is totally beyond onr comprehension. *' The retirement of the mayor from the honourable position he has so long held and exit, of the leader, who lias been for seme time expected to he the coming man, to £11 the vacant chair. Patted on the back by the "elit' of the model borough yet proving to a demonstration, the law of unnatural selection in endeavoring to improve the tinted colour of the Etbeopiau." We are sure our readers will sympathise with our editorial afflictions when we tell them we have perplexed ourselves with several sheets of composition similar to the above, and perhaps some of them can determine whether it is the mayor, the coming man, or tbe vacant cllair that receives such marked attention. We can form an indistinct idea of what the writer tries to say in this extract from Ids letter. There are two men and a choir in it, though tbe precise position of each is nut very dear ; bnt what is meant by the following, we have not the most remote conception. " Perhaps the worthy mayor, intended having "attended the-resent anti-agitation inoyemeuls anncnt immerdon may have given token of such a change to those moralcst wbo like Mrs Partington are ever drawing odtious comparisons, interfering with stale morality, and who are so prone to measure degrees l»y the surroundings of the" individual, then-the real menteal worthy that characterise man." Onr correspondent becomes -in one portion of his letter, but we cannot conscientiously inflict upon our readers his comparison of " Mopsus " or somebody else end Baglehawk to-Brutus and the citizens of Itome. ;fr'rom the specimens we have given them of lus remarks about matters passing au&rbu; inuMdiatt oUtt^iUim lhey; viU'Jie^Me & tform eotneidea of liii **-confusiim -worse confounded nben be gets back to antiquity. It is »itli sincere regret that we have to announce tbe death of Mr Jonathan George Moon, for so many m years weB known in Maldon. The deceased was formerly a wealthy West Indian merchant, bnt bong foud of travel, tbe business was neglected, and while he was roaming over Egypt, a crash came, and he was beggared. Leaving his wife and son (the latter has now a commission in the Boyal Artillery) be came to Victoria in tbe early goldfield days, with tbe hopeoi bettering bis fortune, but be never (being constitutionally weak and unused to manual labour) was able to eJn more than a bare existence. Formerly, in Sydnqr, he travelled with a panoramic exhibition descriptive of hi* travels and the many aerial flights he had taken with Green, and other aeronauts, the entertainment bring filled in with a descriptive lecture, interspersed with songv generally of his own composing. In this district be has occasionally appeared ss a lecturer, and was a well-kno-n member of tbe original Garrick Clob. He bad long suffered from lung disease which has at length carried him off, accelerated, we fear, by the startling intelligence convcyed to him, some two years ago, that his wife hid obtained a decree of divorce, on the ground of desertion for many years, and not having heard from hi n daring all tbat time; while the facts were he had regularly corresponded with his wife and son. This news, which first readied him through a chance copy of the London Times, and the further intelligence that his wife had married again, was a very severe blow to a man of Ids sensitive and affectionate disposition. His attacks of illness became more frequent and of longer duration, and be bad not the same heart left to battle with it. He bad on two occasions previously been an inmate of the Maldon Hospital, and on Saturday last was readmitted. He gradually sink, and died yesterday morning, at 9 o'clock, being quite resigned and in full possession of bis faculties to the last. The funeral will take place at 11 o'clock this morning. Deceased was 52 years of The now defunct Garrick Club once possessed a full set of handsome stage dresses; Mr E. Ellis became the purchaser, and has now very kindly lent the same for the performance next Wednesday. It has been discovered that several of the properties are missing, and as those who formerly borrowed the same may have neglected to return them, it is requested tbat they will now do so at the office of this paper—the editor heingempowered, and having consented to receive them on Mr Ellis'a account. 