THE PUNCHIAD. A POEM, BY POPE'S GHOST. In four books, with remarks by the author, and notes 'variorum,' BOOK I. Almighty Humbug and her son, who brings Tin out of brass* and sweets from foulest things, I sing. Say you her instruments, the mob, Whose gaping pockets any rogue may rob, You by whose voices, constant to the worst, Still quack the second thrives like quack the first. Say why the Goddess, Parkes-like, crossed the foam,+ And favored Sydney as her chosen home? In early days, the golden "good old times"-- Sydney the sink of criminals and crimes— Humbug, convicted as a public pest, Was packed off hither from the wiser west;++ Not, as 'twas hoped, to fill an early grave, Or live, in righteous misery, a slave, But ever busy, bumptious and bold, To plague the new world as she plagued the old—|| E'en from her ruin, Phoenix-like, to rise,§ For Humbug lives¶ where modest virtue dies. Oh thou! whatever title most thou heed, Wit, learned gentleman, or Ganymede, Whether thou choose to fascinate the fair, Or laugh and shake in PUNCH'S easy chair, Or charm by wit, sense, sentiment, or fun, Or make a grand oration or a pun; O'er thy poor country tho' the Goddess rules, Mourn not, my Dalley, at the fate of fools-- Here pleased behold them in procession pass, The brazen heroes of an age of brass! Close to the walls where fell Disease holds sway, And hungry Death knocks daily for his prey, Where oft o'er aching head or broken knee, Grave doctors meet, consult, and disagree; A house there is, ordained by Providence, The home of Ignorance and Impudence. Haunted by rats, and other vermin vile, Foul creeping things, that all they touch defile, Hence gas, the safety valve, too long kept down, Escapes and in volumes, and disgusts the town, Hence printed papers spring, the weekly boast Of Richard's press and Hanson's gloomy ghost— Hence quacking Geoffrey's Oriental Pills, Hence Tariffs, Taxes, Budgets, Blue Books, Bills, Most useful works, to answer each desire, To line a trunk with or to light a fire. In solemn mockery here Humbug reigns, And views her willing victims hug their chains— Four strapping wenches guard the sacred throne, Meek Modesty, in whose fair face is shewn The true complexion of the modern saint, Pure white and red, in powder and in paint— True Courage, like Achilles, none the worse For wounds in any part, save one, the purse— Eloquence, worthy of her noble end, To stab a rival or betray a friend; While haughty Honour, void of fear or shame, Mounts to the pillory, and calls it fame. Here she beholds the chaos dark and deep, Where Bosh and Bunkum oft their revels keep; Where murdered H's lie, a festering heap, While maggots feed and fatten as they creep. Where still-born infants nightly swell the mass, Where now a bullock roars and now an ass. Where one small word, the common drudge and slave, Now fits a Minister, now caps a knave. Here startling images her gaze surprise— Fantastic similes, as "------ your eyes"— Such striking figures as the "upper cut"-- Wild metaphors, as "One, two, on the nut." Here Nonsense, worthy of the hangman's whips, Palls soundest sense from legislative lips; Here desperation lends old slanders youth, Or gives to truth the lie, to falsehood truth, in cool assurance donkeys teach the town, And murdered members knock each other down. These and much more as wonderful as these, Thro' clouds of smoke the gazing Goddess sees; She glitt'ring o'er in tinsell'd Court costume, Shines like a meteor 'mid surrounding gloom; Monarch of all she proudly takes her stand, The one thing honored in a knavish land. * Tin out of Brass, &c.;—This beautiful metaphor will not be misunderstood in a land which has boasted a Buchanan, and which still boasts a Council of Education and a Parkes. We have always believed Mr. Pope to have been a devout Roman Catholic, and a worthy son of his mother, the Church. It is needless to point out how absolutely this passage confirms that opinion. Requiescat in pace.—VICAR GENERAL. \+ Parkes-like crossed the foam.—This poem being an allegory, it may be thought that I have erred in here introducing the name of a mere mortal. But I knew not to whom better the emigrating goddess could be compared than to one who is not only one of her most illustrious votaries, but who is also as much indebted to emigration as the lady herself.—P's G. ++ The wiser west.—Wiser west, indeed! Here's pretty nonsense. Why wiser? and when? and how? Didn't our man nearly beat the Thames champion into fits, only he got spasms first? What's Gladstone to Eagar? One's in office, and the other ain't? What's PUNCH to the Laughing Jackass, at 3d,? Bosh!—DICK DRIVER. || She plagued the old.—The plagues of my day were the critics. My old friend Dennis still plies his trade at Grub-street, Hades. This spirit has lost none of its wonted fire, nor his pen its point. He calls Tennyson an "affected puppy," and Swinbourne a "swine-born, superannuated sinner," but has the highest opinion of Kendall, and thinks that Mr. Sheridan Moore was infamously treated by the Athe- næum."—P's G. § E'en from her ruin, Phœnix-like, to rise.—We fancy we have seen this simile before. Why not Empire-like—at once more original, more national, and quite as true.—ED. Empire. ¶ For Humbug lives, &c.;—How this exquisite sentiment, as exquisitely expressed, recalls the many pathetic passages of a similar kind for which this poet is so cele- brated—passages which, like Hamlet the Ghost, we shall remember for ever, but unfortunately can't quote for the benefit of our commercial friends, having forgotten the words, and, not being in the literary line, don'! keep a rope on the premises.— ED. S. M. H. 