LAW COURTS. MAGISTRATE'S COURT, STRATHALBYN. Before Messrs. J . Walker and J. Rankine. J.P.'s.i Nott v. Edwards. — Information under the Masters and Servants' Act for desertion of service. Prisoner was brought up under a warrant. John A. Nott, complainant, sworn — I am a con tractor. Recollect on 7th October last engaging defendant as gauger or overseer on all the contracts I took from tbe Strathalbyn District Council. Defen dant was with, me when the tenders were made,, and also when the one for the Finniss Flat work was made. Defendant agreed with me on 29th November to work for 8s. per day, and that if I signed the contract he would see it properly carried out. The work was to commence on Monday, 2nd December. Defendant distinctly understood this. He came to me on Sunday nigbt, 1st December, and asked what time he should start to work in the morning. Told him 6 a.m. Did not see defendant at work, and have not seen him since until to- day. Was put to con siderable inconvenience by defendant leaving. Com plainant by his books and pass-book showed an over payment to defendant of £1 19s. By defendant — Said I would pay every night if you required it. This closed the complainant's cose. William Edwards, defendant, sworn — Am a laborer, and live near Clare. Never made any arrangements with- the complainant to go to Finniss Flat to work. Told him before finishing tbe last contract that I would not go to Finniss Flat. The contract near Mr.Starks was the Ia6t on which I was engaged by Mr. Nott. By Mr. Payne — I went to Mr. Nott's on Sunday night. Did not ask him when I was to go to work. Nothing was mentioned about the work. Mr. Payne addressed tbe Bench on behalf of his client,*and asked the information to be sustained. Tbeir worships dismissed tbe information. 'Would you not, Sir, start, as Mr Garrick does, if you saw a ghost ??' s«id Jemmy Bo- iwell to Samuel Johnson. ' I hope not,' replied Johnson ; ' if I did, I should frighten tbe ghost.' A youth in the city, who had by a fall broken one of his ribs, was asked by tbe surgeon who attended, if the injury he sustained was near the vertebra? — ' No, Sir,' replied he, 'it was within a few yards of the monument.' 