SOUTH AUSTRALIA. Adelaide, Monday. News has reached here from the Mauritius dated March 10th. Fever was still prevalent. The fort was aban- doned and one regiment sent home. The crops were splendid. Bowman's Forest. — It is by no means strange that both practical and theoretical men have never lost faith in Bowman's Forest. We have reiterated time over time that a lead must exist there, and that it only wanted capital to find it. There is a regular amphitheatre of highly auriferous ranges, and every day tends to show how rich the reefs are, and at their foot gold has been discovered in the gutters running out of each gully, which paid well in patches, but the true lead must be sought for lower down in the Forest where these leads have become one great one. The sink- ing, however, was deep even at the foot of the ranges, and will, of couse, be still deeper down among the farms, but we believe that the want of capital is about to be supplied by the formation of a company to test the Forest thoroughly. Accident. — A groom, named Jervis Kelly, in the employ of Messrs Robert son and Wagner, at Tarnnvingee, while running in some horses on Saturday afternoon, was thrown from his horse, and whilst being dragged along the ground, was kicked by the horse, causing severe fracture of the left leg. Medical assistance was procured from Beechworth his leg was set, and he was yesterday forwarded to the Beechworth Hospital. Valuable Gift. — We have much pleasure in informing our readers, that His Honor, Sir Redmond Barry, ever thoughtful, and considerate, has left in Beechworth, to be presented to the Athemeum, twenty- four, folio sized photographs. These valuable additions to the Institution have been obtained by Sir Redmond Barry from the trustees of the Melbourne Public Library, of which His Honor is a prominent member, and they consist of copies of the most highly colored pictures in the Royal Gallery of Dresden. They are accompanied by four charts, illustrative of the Italian schools of painting, from the most remote pe- riod to the the present time. There is only one condition, a necessary one, added to the gift, merely that some ar- rangement must be made, that the pub- lic shall have a chance of seeing them. This might be effected by setting a day occassionally for that purpose. The photographs will be presented to the committee shortly. Sir Redmond Barry, who has more than once visited the Athenaeum, and expressed a high opinion of its efficiency, deseryqs the best thanks of this community. The photographs were chosen by himself, and we believe packed by his own hand, and if we be rightly informed, he has ex- pressed an intention if his gift, ap- peal to be appreciated by the public that the Beechworth Athenæum will not in future be forgotten. Important Decision. — The case in which the Beechworth Warden pro- ponded so startling an opinion yesterday is unavoidably held over. The Rutherglen Gold Mining Com- pany Registered. — This company washed nearly a full machine of wash- dirt on Saturday morning, which turned out 5oz 2dwts. ; this was from one drive on the outside of the lead, for the week's work. A machine will be washed next Friday, which is expected to be still better. Ovens District Hospital Alfred Wing. — The adjourned meeting of ladies was held in the Board Room yesterday afternoon, and was extremely well at- tended. Messrs Castieau, Drury, and Bentley, represented the committee, and commented on the crowded state of the hospital, and the urgent necessity for extra accommodation. They also stated, that influential residents of the surround- ing townships had been communicated with, and that it was hoped a Sub- Committee of ladies would be formed in each centre of population throughout the district. The ladies present determined upon at once commencing an active can- vass, and divide, the town into, districts as follows : — 1 — Mrs Castieau, and, Mrs Newson. Bank of Victoria to Wesleyan Reserve, Church-street to High-street, and back to Bank. 2 — Mrs Fox, Mrs Slater, and Mrs Drury. Agricultural Reserve to Old Post Office, left hand of Camp-street to High- Street, and back to Reserve. 3 — Mrs Bentley, Mrs Brett, and Mrs Bowman. Turner's garden, to Bank of New South Wales ; down to Finch-street, including Loch-street, and back to Garden. 4 — Mrs Gillan. and Mrs Morrison. Littlewood's, to Bridge, Church-street, to Finch-street, and- back, up Camp- street to Littlewood's. 5 — Mrs Montague Smith ; Beechworth East. from Agricultural Reserve to Pound. 6 — Mrs Fox. Mrs Slater, and Mrs Drury, North side of Beechworth, not included in the above. 7 — Mrs Dempster. Mrs Hickling, and Mrs Zincke ; South, side of Beechworth. not included in the above. 8 — Mrs Kay, and Mrs Dingwell, Spring Creek. 9 — Mrs Hvym, Silver Creek, and neighbourhood. Polling Place at Jericho, — Mr James Kelly, who is a member of the Mining Board for Gipps Land, as well as of the Beechworth. Board, lately re- presented to Mr F. J. Smith. M.P., for North Gipps Land, that the voters at Jericho were very badly treated in that Electoral District. Mr Kelly showed that, the voters living-in the vicinity of Jericho, where the population is nearly four times as numerous as at Donelly's Creek, have to go to the latter place, travelling over thirty miles of mountainous country in order to exercise their franchise. Mr Kelly has received a reply from Mr Smith, to the effect that he has present- ed the letter to the Chief Secretary, and he has no doubt the representation will be attended to. The Act, requires a par- ticular course to be taken. More Litigation at El Dorado. — It would almost seem as if litigation was to be the doom of the new claims on the El Dorado, although we are happy to say that, the United Ovens Gold and Tin Mining Company has survived all such difficulties. A claimant has now set himself up for the ground of the Great Extended Gold and Tin Mining Company below, in the shape of Mr Allan de Lacy, a gentleman well known on the lower diggings and not entirely unknown in this. We have been informed that proceedings for the purpose of en- forcing Mr De Lacy's claim will be im- mediately commenced, and we trust will be as speedily settled. Amateur Entertainment at Ruther- glen. — The amateur entertainment in aid of the Church of England parsonage fund came off with grand eclat on the evening of Thursday last, at the Town Hall, Rutherglen, and was well attended. The audience were kept amused and interested through the evening, and the whole affair has been pronounced by competent judges to have been the best amateur entertainment ever yet given in Rutherglen. Mr J. Cooper sang "My Home in Kentuck," and "Dear Mother I've come home to die." Was loudly applauded. Mr Brig den gave "The Slave Chase" and "Man the Life Boat." We may say en passant that in this style of songs he is rarely equalled by any amateur. Miss Elliott played those pretty "Cornflower Waltzes," and sang "Fair Shines the Moon" in such a happy manner that the audience de- manded an encore, in responding to which she gave "Let us be happy while we may," which was also well received, later in the evening she sang "Her bright smile haunts me still." We hardly know how to attempt criticising the songs of Miss McShath, as a serio comic singer she has never been equalled by professional or amateur in this dis- trict, and each song was loudly encored, in her appearance she had all the fresh- ness and grace of an amateur, combined with the ease and self-possession of a professional. The duetts sang by her with Mr Lay (and to which he had adapted short diologues) were certainly the gems of the evening, although the beautiful sentimental song "Beloved eye, beloved star" received a well merited encore. Mr Lay sang a bariton song, "Keep your powder dry," a comic song, "Had you seen the Ghost," this being encored brought out the "Ould Irish Gentleman." On his next appearance he sang "Lagar Bier" and the "Old Deutsch Shentlemen," these old songs always come in for first honors whenever Mr Lay brings them out. The play of "Nan the Good for Nothing" concluded the performances. It was thought by some that the character of Nan was too difficult for an amateur, but all agree that it did not suffer in the hands of Miss McShath, indeed it would compare favorably with the personation of many professionals. The audience appeared perfectly electrified and as- tonished at the manner in which the characters were made up and sustained. Great credit is due to the ladies and gentlemen who so ably performed the parts assigned to them, and especially to Mr Lay for the successful way it was conducted. The musical part of the performance was executed by that accomplished performer, Mrs McKay, in her usual brilliant style. We are not aware of the amount realised, but think it must be something good, the audience numbering about two hundred. Another entertainment under his superintendence is already spoken of to take place on the 24th of May, next, in aid of the fund for the Alfred wing of the Ovens District Hospital, and we wish succes to the effort. The Toll Case.— In the Wangaratta toll case it will be seen that the decision was for defendants and not for the plaintiff, as appeared in our last telegram. A full report of the case will be found in another column. Extraordinary Case. — An inquest was held, or rather partly held, at the Ovens District Hospital, yesterday, on the body of a man who had died there on the previous day. The deceased Robert Haig Simpson, was very well known at Stanley, generally by the name of "Daddy Simpson," as he had a genial nature, although according to the evidence he occasionally drank very hard. We particularly refer to the inquest, as it presented a very curious question, in which medical jurisprudents cannot fail to be interested. The deceased, who had been drinking at Stanley, was taken ill on Monday, and appeared so bad that his son was sent for, who on taking off his clothes found extensive marks, of which he did not know the nature, on his left leg. De- ceased seemed weak, but said distinctly he did not feel much pain and was sensible. He was then taken home and on the first night discovered some symptoms of delirium, which, however wore off. He, however, gradu- ally became weaker, and Dr Dempster, who was examined at the inquest, hav- ing been sent for, pronounced the case to be all but hopeless, and that the cause was extensive burning. He was then, by Dr Dempster's advice, removed to the Hospital, but soon afterwards be- came delirious, and died on Sunday, just one week after he had shown symp- toms of illness. He never explained, although asked the cause of the injuries, and in fact, evidently did net know, bnt there is no doubt about the cause, of death, only the burning to which it is to be attributed, is decidedly not com- mon burning by contact with a flame, a fire, or an incandescent substance. The body presented a most extra- ordinary appearance. There was a burned spot on the cheek bone, a burn on the skull, and another on on the left leg and foot and thigh all on one side, but they were not charred— they were, as Dr Slater said in his evi- dence, roasted by prolonged heat. The extraordinary part was, that the clothes of the deceased were not burned, al- though there can he little doubt he had them on when the burns occurred. Dr Slater's theory is this : That a man can be roasted to death before a fire without his clothes being burned, and we have little doubt of it. A juryman put it in this way to the doctor : "Whether he did not mean that a man could be severely burnt by a smoothing-iron, which would not burn even a linen cloth if he placed it on his hand and kept it there. The heat of boiling water will scald a man to death, but will not de- stroy cloth if rapped around a vessel con- taining it. It is certainly a most curious and interesting question, for, if a man were found burned or rather roasted to death, in the bush with his clothes on, the theory, would be that he was first burned by some miscreant and then his clothes put on after his death. Who knows whether this very case will not explain some of those so-called spontaneous com- bustion cases. The inqnest will be re- sumed on Thursday before the same jury at half-past twelve o'clock, and we hope the police will secure the clothes in which deceased was at the time of the occurrence, as no doubt the micro- ssone will show that they have been subjected to the action of prolonged heat. Billiards. — A billiard handicap is advertised to come off on Monday, 27th inst., at Newson's Empire Hotel. The nomination is advertised at 2s 6d, the forfeits at 2s 6d, and the acceptances at 5s. We believe there are a few entries already made. Mr Newson his pur- chased a new table, and one of the best we have seen out of Melbourne. The billiard room has been undergoing ex- tensive alterations and refittings, and when finished it will be a very neat and comfortable billiard room. We believe Mr Newson intends opening the room on Thursday, but if the alterations are in any way delayed it will not be till the night of the handicap. We only hope that the room will he patronised as it deserves, and that the table will prove as good a one as it looks. Tetimonial to the Rev. Mr Robet- son. — The testimonial to this gentleman will be presented to him at Wangaratta, to-morrow evening, at the Scotch Churh, Wangaratta. The public are invited to be present. Imposture. — An old man excited great commiseration in Beechworth yes- terday, by his emaciated appearance, and by being sundenly seized with a fit in the street. On coming to himself, he stated that he had not had a bit to eat for three days. The Mayor sent him to Mr Clarke's, to he provided for during the night, but after having several plates of hot soup, he appeared to rally a little, and then refused to take a bed. There was a small collection made for him, and then he quietly took his de- parture. Unfortunately the same man was shortly after seen in a fit near the Hospital, and had exactly the same com- plaint when he recovered. We have no doubt the man is unwell, but there is something a little suspicions in the matter. Concert in aid of the Benevolent Asylum. — The arrangements for the amateur concert in aid of the building fund of the Benevolent Asylum are pro- gressing most satisfactorily, and on Tuesday evening, the 21st, the amateurs will meet Mr H. Stanley, at eight o clock, to decide upon the programme and arrange for practice. It is grati- fying to know that ladies and gentlemen in Beechworth and from various other parts of the district have responded in the kindest manner to the invitations sent to them in making this concert worthy of public support, and of the truly charitable purpose it is intended to benefit. One of the attractions, and far from being the least either, will be the presence of more than one fair amateur who has not on any former occasion graced the hall with her pre- sence. This remark applies also to the new gentlemen amateurs, but, of course, in a comparatively less degree. The Leper. — The unfortunate China- man afflicted with leprosy, who was lately committed to jail as having no means of support, has been admitted into the Hospital. We have been in- formed that since his admission every Chinaman who could walk at all has colonially speaking, "cleared." 