.REPORT OF THE BOARD OF EDUCATION. The report of the Commissioners of JvJuoatiozi for the year 1S07-S contains much interesting informalion for the public. It records a steadier progress in educational pursuits by the youth of the colony during tlie past twelve months than any official document ever published on the subject. .New schools have been established, the number of teachers and trainers has been augmented, the average attendance of scholars has increased, and valuable additions to the elementary courses have been completed. Almost all the totals given in the following abstract represent a substantial increase in the respective departments to which they refer. Comparing the year 1867 with 1S(jG, an inerea.se of 47 schools, 5700 children on the rolls, and 4127 in average attendance is shown. The latest returns, those of March, 1SGS, give 77,38S children on the rolls, and 5S,33S in average attendance, being an increase over the year 1S07 of 5619 on the rolls, and 4802 in average attendance. The number of new schools to which aid had been granted in 1S67 was 47, of which number 39 were vested, or were conducted temporarily as non- vested schools with the intention of being vested; 7 were in connexion with denominations, and 1 wad a school in connexion with the Asylum for the Eliud. The per-centage of increase in average attendance, comparing December, 1807, with December, 1866, is 13'55; and comparing March, 1S08, with March, 1S67, is 12-36; while the population of the colony has only increased in the former case by 2*47 per cent., and ill the latter by 3*21 per cent. The number on the rolls of each school has increased from 94 to 100, and that in average attendance from 70 to 76. The per-centage of the total population on the rolls of schools has increased from 10'82 to 11 "0-4, and in average attendance from 8*06 to S*S; so that at the date of the last returns it would appear that 1 out of 8'59 persons in the population was on the rolls of common schools, and 1 out of 11'3G was in average daily attendance. The number of school establishments in operation on the 31st of March, 1868, was 722, comprising 819 separate departments, viz., 30 boys', 32 girls', 27 infants', and 730 mixed. The total number of children who attended during 1S67 was 111,119. This return would give for the year ended 31st of March an estimated number, based upon the increase in the average number on the rolls, of 119,819 children. The number of children who attended more than one school during the year could not be given accurately, in consequence of the caprice both of parents and children, being influenced by the simple desire of change. In some cases children frequently removed from one school to another, and instances were known in which children attended two or three, or even more, schools during the year. By dividing the entire number of schools under the distinct headings of town, country, and goldfields schools, the estimated result of attendance was set down at:—Town schools, 40,S94; country schools, 49,3S7; gold-fields schools, 29,538. Deducting the per-ceutages from each class of schools, the approximate result of distinct individual attendance during the year was shown to be—40,894 town schools, 46,251 country schools, and 25,361 gold-fields schools; total, 101,906; showing that 17,913 children, or 14'95 per cent, of the whole, attend more than one school during the year. The number of children attending private or other than common schools for the year ended 31st of March, 1867, had increased to 15,192. The returns for the same;period of 1868, had not been complete, but, assuming the same ratio of increase to have been maintained, the number of children attending private schools on the 31st of March, 1S6S, would have been 20,274; and estimating that the same percentage of children attend more than one school during the year, it will be seen that 17,243 distinct individual children attended private schools during the year. This calculation shows that out of a population of 604.570 parsons 119,149 children were attending schools, being 17*93 per cent., or 1 out of 5'5S. The total number of cliildren attending common schools for the year ending March, 1868, between the ages of 5 and 15, was S5,601, or 52*45 per cent, of the total population between those ages. The actual attendance given by each child on the rolls equalled 132 school days, or 26 2-5th weeks, showing that each child attends 57*39 per cent of the time the school is open (230 days, or 46 weeks in the year). This statement compares favorably with corresponding statements of attendances both in England, Ireland, and America. In the United States, it had been computed that the average number of days' attendance for each child in the year did not exceed 106 days. In Canada (in 1865), out of 360,000 children enrolled, the average number of days' attendance to each child during the year did not exceed 96 days; in England (according to the statistics of the English commissioners of 185S-61, taken from five pairs of " specimen districts" containing oneeighth of the population of the kingdom), the average number of days' attendance did not exceed 129 days; in Ireland (according to the report of the Commissioners of National Education for 1S66), the proportion of the total aggregate number of children who attended National schools during that year was to the average attendance as 91U,S19 to 310,225, or only 34*72 per cent.; while in Victoria the per-centage reaches 40*08. The per-centage of passes during the half-year ended the 30th of June, 1867, showed a considerable falling off as compared with the preceding half-year. The decrease had been attributed to the regulations on the subject of re-classification rather than to any fault on the part of the teachers. In order to insure a more satisfactory return in the number of passes obtained in _ the colony, as compared with those in England, it is in contemplation to amalgamate the standards of examination upon which the grants for results are paid with the programme of the course of instruction; but no change in the manner of payment will be made till 1869\. The result of inspection under standards had become more uniform in the diflerent districts than it was in 1866; and the difference per 100 passes between the highest and lowest number given was 16*14 for 1S67 as against 24*27 for 1806. With respect to the revision of the general regulations, framed under the Common Schools Act, the commissioners have since the commencement of the present year framed six additional regulations, embracing important amendments on those hitherto in force. The first regulation provides for one annual examination under standards, instead of half-yearly; the second limits the number of teachers to be allowed on the staffs of common schools, whereby a considerable saving in expenditure will be effected; the third relates to the increase in the salary and the numbers of pupilteachers, by allowing head teachers of the second division of competency to have them instead of confining them to teachers of the first division; the fourth provides for the reduction by ono-lialf the amount paid for destitute children, by which an estimated saving of over £6000 per annum will be effected; the fifth provides for the adequate instruction, with proper appliances, of infants in schools where no special infant department was attached. The sixth has reference to an amendment in the rules respecting training, whereby greater encouragement is given to the superintendent of the training-school to retain the teachers in training under his charge for a longer course by the payment of two bonuses for the same individual on passing the examinations. AVith respect to aid to vested and non-vested schools, the 10th^ section of the Common Schools Act prohibits the establishment of a new school within two miles of a school already receiving aid, _ unless the number in average attendance at the existing school, added to the number whose parents undertake in writing that they shall attend the proposed school, make up 200. But it frequently happens that the residents are dissatisfied that the education of a locality should be entirely in the hands of one denomination, and steps are accordingly taken for the establishment of a vested school, and the necessary application made to tlie board. Where the aid has been continued to the already existing school, it has been found impossible to comply ^vith the application. The commis sioners, therefore, have resolved to hold themselves at liberty to withdraw aid from the original school and to grant it to the new one, which being public property, and all denominations being fairly represented in its management, will give equal advantages to all. Under the head of inspection, it is mentioned that the districts have been re-anuuged, su ;u> io equalise the amount of work in each—a step which had become necessary in consequence of the unequal growth of the several districts—by the addition of new schools, and in order to prevent a recurrence of irregularity at the period of inspection. From the commencement of the present year only one examination under standards in each year and one full inspection without notice, are to be made; these inspections are to be supplemented by as many incidental visit3 as the time at the disposal of the inspectors may permit. It is presumed that these unexpected visits will prove of great value in ascertaining the true every-day condition of the schools, as distinguished from the exceptional condition induced by the inspector's notified visit. Travelling expenses will be paid to the inspectors according to a specified scale, which has been so fixed as to practically increase the salaries of these officers. In all cases where defects in furniture and apparatus, want of proper out-offices, and inaccuracy of records had arisen after repeated disregard to warnings, the stringent measure of suspending aid was adopted. Generally the inspectors report favorably of the discipline maintained in the schools. They commend also the instruction conveyed in reading, but complain that good penmanship is not sufficiently aimed at, and that the needlework of the girls is not so well attended to as it might be. lleferring to finance, a sum of .£110,726 Cs 8d is set down for fixed salaries. The receipts of the board up to the 31st of December, 1S07 (inclusive of a balance of £4042 5s 7d), amounted to £134,572 lis; disbursements, £107,934 lis 9d; deficiency, £33,362 0s 9d. The overdraft at the London Chartered Bank at that date was £37,012 12s lOd, but in consequence of the stoppage of payments by the Government, only <£94,277 6s lOd had been drawn out of the whole vote of £1S2,G1S 0s Sd, leaving i 88,340 19s lOd due by the Treasury. From the 1st of .September, 1S62, to the 31st of December, 1SG7, a sum of £770,262 9s 4d had been expended by the board. Of this sum, £29,771 Ss Gd had been spent on school buildings, of which £17,970 ISs Id had been locally contributed to meet £11.800 10s ud expended out o£ the public funds. The receipts on account of school-books had amounted to £13,290 2s 7d, while the payments had been £15,941 ISs lOd; showing an expenditure out ox the public funds on this account of £2051 10s 3d, the whole of which sum (less the amount contributed to schools by the sale of maps and some portion of school furniture) is represented by the stock in hand. The amount estimated as required for the service of 18(58 is £177,210 3s lid, showing a net decrease, as compared with the amount voted for 1SC7, of £540S 2s 9d. During the year 1807, 1054 reports of examination for certificates were received. 220 teachers were examined more than oneo, making the total number examined 828. Of the number of teachers examined, 19 obtained a classification of the first division of competency, S5 the second division, 13 passed in the literary subjects for the second division, and 21 in the literary subjects for first division, requiring only to pass in the art of teaching in order to be severally classed. Of the whole number examined 3S8 failed to obtain any classification. Of those who failed, 73 teachers and assistants employed in common schools were rejected, and salary withdrawn from them, as being unqualified for employment. Of 302 candidates for employment examined, 2 were classed in the first division of competency, 29 in the second division, and 32 will be entitled to a certificate of the same division on their passing a satisfactory examination in the art of teaching; 239 failed. Of 11 teachers wlio attended the examination for honors held in January, 1SG7, 3 received certificates of the second class, and 8 failed to obtain a certificate for honors. At the examination for honors held in January, 18G8,2S teachers attended, of whom 5 obtained second-class certificates (including one who was classed at a previous examination, and who had not been promoted). Teachcrs now pay far more attention than formerly to preparing themselves for the examinations, and classes have been formed in many places to assist them_ in this endeavor. This, however, is an advantage denied to teachers in outlying localities, who are compelled to depend on their own unaided exertions. Alterations in the system of examination for honors, and of naming the text-books of examination, are contemplated. In order to adopt a uniform principle in dealing with the dismissal of teachers, it has been determined that a committee are not obliged to give a teacher reasons for dismissal; but if a teacher appeals to the board against dismissal, the committee will be required to furnish the board with the reasons for the dismissal, and a copy of such rciisons will be sent to the teacher from the office of the board. Cases of dismissal are not to be sent to the district-inspector unless it shall appear requisite after the teacher's defence has been received. Notice (unaccompanied by any remarks) will be sent to a teacher when intimation of his dismissal has been received and if he makes no objection within a fortnight from the date of such notice, his dismissal will be°sanctioned. The number of female teachers in comparison with males appears to be slightly increasing, and several of the smaller mixed schools are under the charge of females. IE education is to be introduced extensively into the thinly populated districts, and at a reasonable cost, women must bo still further employed. In the United States of America the large majority of teachers are females. This fact is noted as a subject well worthy of consideration. The number of reports received during 1807 of the examinations of candidate pupil-teachers was •189. An analysis of those reports shows that 215 "were examined once, 64 twice, 18 three times, 14 four-times, 3 six times, 1 seven times, and 1 eleven times. At the annual examination held in January, 1888, 206 were examined, of whom 31 passed, 44 were allowed further trials in certain subjects, 7 were suspended for copying, and 124 failed. Salaries were withdrawn from 25 in consequence of their having failed at two successive examinations, but in' 11 cases appeals were received, 10 of which are under consideration, and in 1 another trial has been allowed. The number of schools licensed for pupilteachers on the 31st of December, 1S67, was 133, the number of pupil-teachers allotted was 364, and the number actually employed 259. The number of additional schools licensed during the present year has been 8. Up to the end of 1867, 195 reports of 113 teachers in training have been received, of whom 24 passed for the first class, and 40 for the second class, and 49 failed to obtain any classification. Of candidates for admission to training 71 were examined, 36 passed, and 35 failed. At the examination of singing-masters lield in January and July, 1867, 7 candidates presented themselves; 1 passed firstelas3, 1 second; and 2 third, and 3 failed. During the year '29 singing masters have been employed, giving lessons in singing in 120 common schools. The average number of children taught singing in 128 schools was S207, at a cost to the board of £1166 7s 5d; and to parents ,£11S9 10s 5d. At two examinations of drawing masters S were licensed, and 6 failed to obtain a license to teach drawing; 11 licensed masters are employed instructing pupils in 53 common schools. It is intended to propose that teachers of schools who pass in singing and drawing shall be required to give instruction therein to their pupils, receiving for the same a certain fixed annual payment. In 53 schools the average number of children taught drawing was 2725, at a cost to the board of £136 Is lOd, and to parents of £455 5s 5d. The classes for elementary and advanced instruction in military drill and in gymnastics have been completed, and certificates have been issued to 33 membera of the elementary class, aud to 22 members of the advanced class. The sum placed for disposal for new schools in 1807 was £12,000—£4000 for salaries, and £S000 for buildings. Since October last salaries have been granted to 47 schools, and about £S000 towards buildin". During the year 290 members of the Church of England have been appointed members of local committees, 167 Presbyterians, 144 Roman Catholics, 115 Wesleyans, 30 Independents, and 53 of other denominations. The school-books published under the authority of the Commissioners of National Education in Ireland are, as hitherto, more in demand in the schools of this colony than any other series, principally owing to their cheapness. Dypsomaxia.—Thursday's Daylcsforcl Mercury has the following:—"A young man, who is very respectably connected, and whose name we purposely withhold, lest publicity should prejudice his chance of reformation, yesterday afforded a sad example of the effects of an uncontrolled appetite for stimulants. He was charged at the police-court with petty larceny, and committed to Castlemaine Gaol for a month, in the hope that medical treatment in the prison hospital might restore him sufficiently to take enre of himself. From the evidence it appeared that the prisoner entered in the night, and from the street, the cellar of a well-known hotel here ; having thus found admission to the bar he removed five bottles of brandy aud secreted them in a quartz shaft in rear of the market reserve. He then returned and entered the bar once more, probably with the object of obtaining a further supply of spirits, but the temptation to indulgence proving irresistible, he drank so much brandy on the spot that he was unable to leave the premises, aud lying down on a sofa in the parlor was soon fast asleep. In the morning the housemaid found the inebriate snoring still, and on giving linn a shake to rouse him he got up and ran out of the house. Nothing more was seen of him for two days, when he was discovered in the quartz shaft—the brandy being nearly consumed—almost dead. He was removed to the hospital, and after a week's detention there under the doctor's care, was arrested for the theft. The unfortunate man presented a miserable appearance in court, trembling in every limb, and looking prematurely old from the consequences of his debauch. Mistakes Identity.:—Ati extraordinary case of mistaken identity lias come to our knowledge. About two months ago a man was found dead or dying intho verandah of a house in Hotliam. At the inquest subsequently held upon the body a number of persons testified to its being that, of a man named Collai'd, some of the witnesses stating that they had known the deceased for a considerable period. A verdict of deatli from sanguineous apoplexy was returned, and the friends of the deceased in England were written to informing them of the event. The day before yesterday, the man Collard appeared in Hothani alive, and in his usual health, after some months' sojourn in the country. The terror of the female members of the household where he presented- himself was extreme, until he had satisfied them he was real flesh and blood and not a ghost. This seems to have been one of those curious instances of personal resemblance that are sometimes read about in novels or seen upon the stage, but which are generally regarded as existing only in the imaginations of fertile story- writers, or ingenious dramatists. The case was reported to the police yesterday, as it is of some importance for the genuine Collard to establish his identity, inasmuch as he has been in the receipt of an annuity, which of course will have been discontinued on the news of his supposed death.—Argus, 2Sth August. Proposed Gilts Land Railway.—Mr F. L. Smyth, M.L.A., introduced a number of gentlemen from the Gipps Land District to the Chief Secretary and the Commissioner of Railways, on Wednesday, who presented some statistics, in addition to those already forwarded to the Railway department, in support of a line of railway from Melbourne to Sale. These statistics set forth that 7 A per cent, could be realised on the outlay for the construction of the line, which would run through an important and extensive agricultural district, and that the returns from agricultural and mining produce, from cattle traffic, from general merchandise, and from passengers would be very great. They asked that the Government would look into the statistics before deciding which of the three lines projected should be first constructed. In answer to a question put by Mr Smyth as to the truth of a rumor that the Government intended to construct the Western line after the Ovens line had been completed, the Chief Secretary said that it was the present intention of the Government, on the completion of the«aorth-eastern line, which would occupy about two years, to proceed with the Western and Gipps Land lines simultaneously, as they would be then in possession of sufficient plant and sufficient labor to cany out both works. Mr Jone3 undertook to hand over the statistics to the Engineer-in-Chief for his report thereon. 