i A GnAnnro:Dcscnrrroir or OmINA.-A i country were the roses have no fragrance 'and the womedn io petticoats; where the I labourerhnano Sabbath, and themagistrate no eonso of honour; whore the roads bear I no vehicles, aud, 'the ships no keels ; . wheor old men fly kites; where the needle points to the south, and the sign t of being puzzled is to scratch the antipo. des on the heel; where the place of hon. our is on the left hand, and the, seat of intellect is in the stomach; where to take i olffyour hat is an insolent gesture, and to i wear white garments is to put yourself 1 into mourning; which has a literatnro :without an alphabet, and a language with. out's grammar. A melancholy case of suicide occurring at Kynetonis:thus reported by a local journal: -"A 'young woman named MIary Henry, it appears, contracted an intimacy some monthf ago with a man onmed Jem Nokley, a warder in the Kynetoni Hospital. The acquaintance was first formed by the girl's delivering Sc;ed.. iad 'lthdfbd undred-s r AM eupply of the institution. She stated to her mistress and others that he promised her marriage, but this he denies. Some weeks ago she told her mistress that she never would have any one if Noklcy did not marry. her, and that she had a great mind to drown herself. 11cr mistress told her that the man, who is not an Adonis, and was by many years the girl's senior, did not cure for her. A couple of months ago the deceased went to service at WVoodend, but did not remain long there till she came back to spend the holidays in Kyneton, when she had frequent o opporunitics of meeting again with Nolkley, and still persisted in saying he t was going to marry her. Before leaving, t her former mistress thought from her t language that an inmproper intimacy had 1 taken place between them, and it is L generally believed deceased was ecie,,te. [ On Saturday night, it appears they met in Baynton-street, but he denies that any unpleasant words passed between them. It was proved, however, at the inquest that on Sunday morning she told her a landlady they had some till the eroening before. She was last seen wending her way to the bridge, and next morning her e mantle and hat were found on the banks r of the Campaspe, nearly opposite to d Brgylo's mill, and the body was soon after tound in the river. The jury, after a n lengtlhened investigation, brought in a verdict that deceased comunitted suicide is by drowning herself whilst labouring under tenmporary insannity." A leading article in Molday's A.,laide 1 Ad?'ertise, strongly declainis against the action of the Victorinn Government, in litera:ly proolainmingtheir own indi'pensa bi ity, and actually having the impudence to go to the country on that very issue, and ask the electors to give them earte- 1 blanche to overthrow the constitution and establish a dictatorship, insolvency and fraud. A Barechus lfarsh paper thus refers to the candidature of Menssrs. King,. Iiddell, I and Sm:th, for West Bourke :--* A strong and active committee will be found at Golden Point, lied Hill. Sinimou'slleef, and Burry's lcd'f, who will work ener getically for our well-tried and highly e esteemed friends. Opposition to Messrs. I King, Riddell, and Smith rsill he vain and fruitless. We have every contfidenre that v they will be returned by a large majority I of voters. We hope Gisborne, Lance field,. nacchus Marsh, and Melton will t set to work in right good earnest." A good story was told us (Iamilton c Sepeetator) the other day by a squatter in s this ncighbourhood, and which is worth t repenting. An old shepherd in his em- t ploy had a considerable sum of money coming to him, having left his wages in his master's hands for some time. The man evidently had very little idea of the t value or the uses of monoy, and when hlie i pocketed the roll of notes-the result of his cheque-ho was a little perplexed what to do with them. He had a favourite dog that had served him faith fully for some time, and. being imbued with the virtue of gratitude, he considered that Tossezr should share his prosperitv. " You havibuTenis a true-l.eud-o. -o .ol. fellow,"quoth the shepherd, and "lam not the man to be ungrateful. Here's a fieer for you, old chop." Saying which, he crammed a £5-note into the dog's jaws, evidently thinking that he was suitably acquitting his obligation. What the dog thought of the mouthful we are of course unablo to surmise. - BOAT DIFrTED To SOA.-Considcrable excitement (says the Newenstle corres. pondent of the jllaitland .1eercury) was occasioned about twelve o'clock on Thursday by it becoming generally known that a boat, containing in all about six men (sailors belonging to one of the vessels in port) had been drifted to sea by the steady southerly wind which was then blowing. From. what palrticulars could be gleaned it appears that the men had, byway of spending their holiday pleas antly, been out boating. Previous to their proceeding on the trip, they had supplied themselves with liquors, 'of which' they must- have partaken pretty freely',;for not one of the ntiluber was in a position to'take charge?of the boat, s'hicli, about the time mnicitioned, was seen to be fast drifting out to sea, the men being then seated on the thwarts and making no attempt whatever to reach the harbour. Shortly after the' position of the nmen was observed, the steam-tug Prince Alfred was despatched to rescuo them, which she succeeded in accom plishing near the bight, whore the boat was taken in tow and brought into the harbour again at about ond o'clock with out any accident having occurred. ' We find the. following lively account in the. Western WToekly ie?Ves, published at Plymouth, of the 28th September :--"A girlappecared before the Plymouth magis tetes on Tuesday on a charge of drunken ness, who stated that she was an emi grant to Australia, who had got into dis grace since her arrival at Plymouth, and had lost £17.' It turns out that she had beeon selected by Miss Rye for a free passage to Melbourne, ,but when she arrived at the Plymouth railway station she was drunk, and. the same night, before going to the emigration .deupt,. she was soon acicosting men in the streets, and was subsequently lodged in the police-station for disorderly conduct. She was allowed togo oin'bord tlie ship, and a commulnica. tion was made to her .lljesty's.Emigra lion" Commissioners .in London, who telegraphed. down to haren her removed from, the vessel. This,rwas done, but prior to leaving she bohved in a manner which showed that she had long been ad 'dioted to vice, avowing her character,and declaring tthat.she had intended to con tinuo thei same course in 'Mellourne. She remains in Plymouth,: and has al ready shown that the commissioners' decision regarding her was a correct one.. - ACCIDenNTs naOu BLAsTING.-A 0or respondentof the Dayleoibrd .Express, a Mr Vernon,O.E,,dircts attention toa very probable cause of many of the accidents, resulting from. blasting by-un powder. viz., compression of airt,,l'Mr. Vernon says :--' A short time sit'ibeo there- ap peared.' a statement to 'the effcet that accidents in blasting were niot, as a great rule, caused by the use of metallic rods for 'tamping, but rather by premature combustion and explosion, through the medium-of ' compressed air,' and that, consequently, wooden - tampers were equally dangerous with iron ones. This assertion (except in isolated cases) is not in accordance with either theory or prac tice,and it is a generally admitted fact that when premature explosions occur during tamping, they are due to ignition of the powder, directly or indirectly (through the fuse) caused by the friction of the rod on the sides of the drill, and not by compression of air. This latter may be the cause in certain . isolated cases, in which it is. quite immaterial whether the tampers bd of wood, iron, or copper. As is well known, atmospheric air contains a certain large amount of latent heat (varying according to circum dft'(u, iurifill'S ribctsa=ma rdalepcd of six inches with powder, the remainder will contain 13.3 cubic inches of air; if now an air-tight plug be forcibly driver into tile drill until the end of it be only one inch above the powder, it is evident that the heat contained in the 13.3 inches of air will now (by diminishing the con taining capacity) be concentrated in the small space between the powder and plug. More heat also will be generated by the percussion and friction consequont upon driving down the plug. Tho result will of course be premature explo sion. But no one with any intelli gence would ever thialk of using an 'air-tight plug' to fill up the drill, and under no other circumstances could accidents occur through the medium of compressed air. Vlhilo the ordinary method of usinu powdrered carth, putting in small quontities at a time, and tamp ing gently withl a wooden or coplper rod is adoptel, no ldanger can be apprelhended. In blasting ironstone rocks, hovweer, if tnmping be adopted, great chre should be taken to select earth fbr stopping as free from silica as possible. For this purpose pulverised clany-sand, or any eartls in which almunia is the principal constituent are to be preferred. A method much used with great success by Frenchl and German engineers ronsists (swhen the drill is moderlately deelp) in simply ' stlopping with fine sand, gently poured into thel powder: no tamping rods of any dersrip tion being used, by this metlhodl, all dan ier is obviated, and if thie blast'rmiss fire' t.o charge is easily, and withoaU risk, withdrawn, • and considerable economy in both time and labour effected." A LnvD DOCTOR.-A Frenchman just returned from New York states that being unwell one day in America, he ordered a doctor to be sent for, and to his great surprise there shortly came to see him a benutiful girl, who felt his pulse, sounded his chest, asked him questions as glildv as an old doctor, by no means avoiding " delicate details," and then writ ing a prescription, took he.: leave. The next mornina he went to see his physician in petticoats. lie found her, ate.roous crowded with patients, and hserelf sitting before a desk covered with papers and surgieal instruments. Sometime 'after wards lie met "Dr Kern" at a ball, where she appeared in the usual dcolhtte style which ladies assume nowadays. VWhile the dancing was going on one of the parties fell l; thediceolelledoctorwhlipped out her lancet, bled the unfortunate dan sese, saw her home, and then returned to the ball and continued her dance as though nothing had happened. Tnoa ]tEsuaRnRCTION FROa A NIGOER POIaN oFr V? w.-The following is a story told by the Bishop of Tennessee, at the recent Church of Congress, as show ing the education of a plantation, preacher. Ito said I wansvisiting aplantation when the bell as rung, and the negroes, number-. bering some 500, gathered in the parlors and piazza of the house, belongin -un fortunately for himself, to a bachelor. After reading a chapter to them Ipreached and said that I would hold a service the 4- d _ _ " _.a u hltwe .on -be presented. I b aptise between seventy and eighty, and, after a service, I fell into conversation with ' Uncle Toney,' a plantation preacher. I asked him about various Christian doctrines, and finally said, ' And what about the resurrection P"' With very solemn face he replied, ' You see master, intment is intmont.' 'Yes.' ' Well, you see daro is a speritual body', and dis hero body made out of dues.' 'Yes.' ' Well, you see, when do angel Gabriel comes down from ]Heaben and soin' up and down do riber Jordan, a blowin' of his trumpet, and de birds ol? Heaben singin', and do bells of Heaben ringin', and do milk and do honey rainin' down on all do hills of }Heabon, he will bring do speritual body wid him down from Heaben, and take dis here body uip out of do dus', and tak' the intment and rub it on, den stick togeddor-and dar doy is." ]aEDERIOX -DOUGoLAB, TrEi AscanrCAN CoLoUnRa ORATOR, AND aIS FlEED BnoTrnn.-?Mr. Douglass iresides at Rochester, in a Republic district, which we hope to seo him.ropresenting in Con gress. Lately he has been performing an not of brotherly affection, which we cannot resist the temptation of chronicling-=even at the risk of making public a portion of what was meant to be wholly a private letter:-" I have been, " he writes to the editor of the Independent, " keeping a kind of hotel all summer I My poor brother Perry- after a bondage of fifty six years, deeply marked by the hardships' and sorrows of that hateful condition; and after a separation from me during forty years, as complete as if he had lived on another planet-came to me two months ago, with his family of six, and took up his abode with me. To him dear old fellow 1-ono who has carried me on his shoulders many a time (for he is older than I, though my head seems to. contradict it)-one who defended me from the assaults of bigger boys when I needed defence-I have been mainly de voting myself, and gladly do so. I have now completed for him a snug little .cot tago on my own grounds, where my dear old slavery-scarred and long lost brother may spend in peace, with his family, the remainder of his days. Though-no longer young, he is no sluggard. Slavery got the best of his life, but he is still young and hopoful. I wish his old master could see him now-cheerful, helpful, and 'taking care of himself.' If slavery were not dead, and I did not in some sort wish to forgot his terrible hardships, blighting curses, and shocking horrors, I would try and write a narrative of my brother Perry's bondage. But let the old system go. I would not call its guilty ghosts from the depths into which its crimes have east it. I turn gladly from the dark ness of the past to the new and better dis' pensation now dawning,"-ZVcie York Tribune. AMEnICAN FANCIES.--W take the fol lowing from a paper unon " Curiosities of Metaphor" in the Now York -Round Table : -" Some time ago a Chicago critic was very much affected by the play of " Arrabh.nopogue. " "There are pas sages in it,' he writes, " which thunder at the heart like the booming of the At lantie tide, and drown it in floods of bitter tears." The play mentioned by the Chicago critic could hardly have been as affecting as the oratory of a preacher who is described by an admiring editor. " I have," he says, " repeatedly heard the most famous man in America. but there are times when the flame of his pathos licks the everlasting hills with a roar that moves your soul to depths fathomed by few othormen." Evidently this preacher should go to Congress; he is imbued with a spirit of oratory, and would be. an antidote on the principle of "aim. ilia cimilibus curantur," for Stephen H. Branch, who in announcing himself a candidate for Congress at the last elec tion,remarkecd in his card "I man orator, and yearn to roar in the capital, and clap the prey my arrows did slay." Stephen. it will be seen, mingles rhyme with rhapsody. An excellent specimen of hyperbole is mentioned by the lHouston (Me). Times, which says on the question of a now town hall, that one gentleman urged the measure in order, as lie ex pressed it, " that the young men of our town may have a suitable place to assemble, and be so imbued with the spirit of liberty and patriotism, that everr hair of their head will be a liberty pole with a star.spangled banner floating from it." The finest specimen of figiurativr writing we have seen was publislrhed soon Safter our civil war by The' Cresenst Maoctsl, in an article on Lee's surrender. Tie oriter mildly remarks, ." The supreme holr Waso now come wilhen, from across Fane's burning ecliptic, whero it had traced in flnming sheen its luminous path of glory, the proud Aldebaran of Soothernshope, in all the splendors of its express Ifyades brightness, should sink to rest behind lurid war clouds, in the fate' ful western he)aven, there to bring out on dleathll's dark canopy thel immortal lights. of immnortal deeds, and spirits great and n glorious shiining for ever down upon a h cause in darlkness, like thie glittering d hosts upon a world in night." Captain Cadell arrived in the Eselo at Bowen on Satuiday. flo left Viets ria siver on the tth Jthovolsber, anIL rcalled at, Colpanug for solupplliea. lie reports thelstockl and crops at Adam Bay na thriving, lie coausilders th Liverpool River the boit site for the Scapital. 