THE GHOSrS SUMMONS. 'Wanted, sir—* patient.' It was id the early days of- my professioaal career, when patients were aoarce, and fees ccarcer ; and though I was in the act of sitting down to my chop, and had promised myself a glass of steaming punch afterwards, in hunourof the Chriit'iiai season, I hurried instantly into mo intsiaMr. I entered briskly ; bat nosonnerdidl catch S'ght of the figure standing leaning against tbe eonnter than I started fact with ??atnDge feel ing uf horror, which for the life of me I could nut comprehend. - ? - . Never «h»U I forget the coastlines ot tbat fae.— -the white horror stamped upon every fea ture — the agony which seemed to sink the very eyes beneath the contracted brows; it was -awful to me to behold, ttnacenstomed as I was to scenes of terror. ? - ' Yon seek advice,' I began, with some hesi tation. - ' No j I am not ill.' ' Yon retjuiw then—' ' Hush !' he interrupted, approaching more nearly, and dropping his already low murmur to a mi-re whisper. 'I believe you are not rich. Would you be willing to -earn a thousand pounds f' A thousand pounds ! His words seemed to bam my very cars. ' i should be thankful, If I could do so hon estly,' 1 replied, with dignity. 'What is the service required of me. A iiecoiiar look of intense horror passed over the white face before me ; bat the blue-black lipa answered tirmly, 'To attend adeath-bed.' ' ' A thousand pounds to attend a death-bed t WheremmltogoT— Whose is itt' 'Mtue.' The voice in which this was saM sounded so hollow ami distant, that involuntarily I shrank back. 'Yours! What nonsense ! You are not a dying man. You are pale, but you op pear iierftctly healthy. You — ' ' Hush !' he interrupted ; 'I know all this. You cannot be more convinced of my physical health than I am myself ; yet I know that be fore the clock t/11 the tirot hour after midnight I shall be a dead man.' ' But — ' He ebuddered s'.iglitly ; but stretching ont his hamlcnniiuandiu^ly, motioned me to bo silent, 'lam but too well informed of wbat 1 affirm,' he Eaid quietly j ' 1 have received a mysterious summons from the deai). No mortal aid can avail me. I am doomed ae tbe wretch on whom tbe jnrlge has passed sentence. I do not dime tither to seek your advice or to argne the matter with you, but simply to buy yuur ser vices. I offer you a thousand pounds to pass the ninht in my chamber, and witness the eceue which takes place. '1 he Bum may appear to you extravagant Bat 1 have no further need to count the cost uf any gratification ; aud tbe spectacle you will have to wiineBS is no common sight of horror.' The words, strange as they were, were spo ken calmuly enough ; but as the last sentence dropped slowly from the livid lipe, an expression of such wild horror again jiasse.l over the stranger's fate, that in spite of the immense fee, 1 beMtated to aiiBwer. ' you fear to trust to the promise of a dead man ! See here and be convinced,' he ex claimed eagerly ; aud the next iustant, on the counter between ue, lay a parchment document; and following tbe indication of that white mus cular hami, I read tbe words, ' Aud to Mr. Frederick Bearf, of 14 Hi^h-sweet, Alton, Ibe. queath the sum - f one thuuraud pound, for cer tain sen'ioe rendered to me.' ' I have had that will 'drawn up within the last twenty-four boars, and 1 signed it an hour ago, in the presence of competent witnesses. I nm nra|iat« -. you see. J}St-w, do yon accept my offer or not ?,' ' My answer was to walk across the room and take down uiy hat, and then leek the door of the surgery communicatiug with the house, It was a dark, icy-cold ni^ht, and somehow the courage and determination which the sight of. my own name in connection with s thousand pounds bad given me, flagged considerably as I found myself hurried along through the silent darkness hy a man whose death-bed I was about to attends He was fcrimly silent ; but as his band touched mine, iu' *mte of the frort, it felt like a burning coal. '? ? On -we went—tramp, tramp through ths snow— on, on, lilt even I grew weary, and at length on my appalled ear struck the chime* of a church-clock ; whilst close at hand I distin guished tfii showy hillocks of* ch'uroliyarJ. Heavens ! was this awful scene of which I -Was to be the witness to take place veritably amongst tbe' dead J 'Etetenrjiroinea the doomed man. 'Or*- clous God 1 ' but two Uonri more/ and that ghiwtty messenger will faring the summons. Goirif, come ; for mercy's sake, let us hasten.' There was but a «hort road srparatiog as now from » wall wliiuh surrounded a large mansion, ami nlong ibis we hastened until we reached a small door. ' ?' :' '' Passjiig through -this, in a few .minutes we were (ti-altliilv ascrnding the private ?tsircass to * splendidly-furnished apartment, which left no dnubt of the wealth of its owner. AH wns intensely silent, however, through the house; ahftiibwit this room in particular there was aetillneis ll:«t.a» I gated around, struck roe ss alrnoit ghistly. ? My companion glanced at a dock on the mantelshelf, and Batik into a large chair by the Bide.of the fire with a shudder. ' Only an hour and a half longer,' be muttered. 'Great hea ven! I thought I had more fortitude. This horror ' nnmane me.' Then, in a fiercer tone, and clutching mjr arm, he added, *' Ha I' you mock me, you think me mad ; but Wait till you see— wait till you see 1'. ' I put my' hanil xta bis wrist ; for there was now a fever, in his sunken eyes which checked the BiipereUtiou^ychill which hud been gathering over me, arid nLade'me* hope that, after all, my Bret suspicion was correct, and that my patient was but the victim of some {earful hallucina tion. ' Mock yniH' I-answered soothingly. 'Far from it ; I sympathise intensely witn you, and would do much to aid you.;- Ton require Bleep. Lie down, an3 leave meto watch.' Be fcruaned, but rose, and began throwing off bis clothes ; and, watching my opportunity, I slipped a deeping powder, which 1 hid m«n.gail to put into my pocket before leaving the sur gery, into the tumbler of claret that stood before him. The more I saw, the more I felt convinced that it was the nervous system of. my patient which required my attention ; and it was -with sincere satisfaction I saw him drink the wine, and then'stretoh himself on the luxurious bed. ' Ha,' thought I, as the dock struck twelve, and instead of a groan, the deep breathing of the sleeper Bounded through the room; 'you won't receive' »ny snmmons to-night^ and I may make myself comfortable.' Noiselessly, therefore, I replenished the fire, poured myself out a laige glass of wine, and drawing the curtain so that the firelight should notdismrb tbe sleeper, I put myself in a posi tion to follow hiis example. How long ,1 e'.ept I know not, bat suddenly 1 aroused with a start and as ghostly a thrill of horror salver I remember to bave felt in my life. Soriielhing--v(ht,t, I knew not-seemed near, something n'aqielegs*'but unutterably awful. Igafd round. . Tbe fire emitted a faint blue glow, just suffi cient to enable me to see, that the room m exactly the same as when I Jell asleep, bnt that the long hind of the clock wanted bat five minutes of 'the' ^mysterious hoar which .was to be the death moment of tie 'summoned' nian. . ; ? ' Was there iny^'mg in. it, then 1— any truth in the strange story be told t The silence was intense.1 Iconjd not iron hear a breath from the bed ; and I was atout to rise and approach, when again that aw|ol horror seized me, aud at the same mflment toy eye fell upon the mirror on poffltetuVaw^indTBAw— . ;,sOref t heaven J that awfnlshape— that ghastly Bfiookery'bf whathad been humanity— was it fljSllji a-ies3enger from the tuned, quitedeadt . j.t Btood there in visible death- clothes ; bat the, awful face was ghastly with oormption, and,the sunken eyes gleamed forth a green. glassy glare which seemed a rentable blast from tbe internal fires lielow. , : ?-? , To jnove or ntter a sound in that Jiideoas .presence was -impossible ; and like a statue 1 sat and saw that torrid Shape more elowlv to* warda'thebckL-i, v : c , ' :.--J* What was the awful some enacted there, t know not. I. ieard nothing, except a low stifled agoniiea'^roin; and I saw the shadow pi that ghastiy Wwohger bending over the bed. \VTiether ft ^wmB dreadful bat wordless sentence iuW^hlesi lip, convey** «s it stood there. I know, not; but for an instant the snaaow -n a ciaw-like hand, from which tin thud finger was missing, appeared extended ever tbe^toomed man's head ; and then, as the ciookJatruck one clear silvery stroke, it felL and a wilk shnek tang through the room-i death-ehnek. I am not 'given to fainting, bnt I certainly confess that the next ten minutes of my exist ence was a .cold blank ; and even when I. did manage to sUgger to my feet, I gated round, vainly endeavouring to understand Hie chilly horror which still possessed me. Thank God I tile room was rid of that awful presence-I saw that ; so, gulping down some wine, I lighted a wax-taper and staggered to wards the bed. Ah, how I prayed that, after all, I might have been dreaming, and that mv ? own excited imaginataun had but conjured up some hideous memory of thedissecting-wom I But one glance was sufficient to answer that, No ) The summons had indeed been given and answered. ' I ftashed the light over the dead face, swollen, convulsed still with the desth-affony ? bnt and. denly I shrank tack. * ' Even as I gated, the expression of ti» fact seemed to change : the blackness faded into a deathly whiteness j the convulsed feataras te laxed, and, even as if His victim of that dread apparition still lived, a sad solemn «m1« stela over the pale lips. ' I was intensely horri6ed, bat still t retained sufficient self-consciousness to be struck pro. fesd»nalry by such a phenomenon. Sorely there was something more «'«i super natural agency in all this I ^^ Again I scrabnised the dead face, and even the threat ami chest ; but, with the exception of a tiny i-imple on one t*mple beneath a cluster of 'iiair. not a mark appeared. To l.'.r.k at the C'lrpse. r-ne would have believe! that tlii« man bad in.leert meii by the visitation vl God, peacefully, whilst sleeping. Ho«- l»Dg I stood there I know not, but time enoiiph to gather IU3' scattered senses and to re flect that, all things considered, my own jw Eiti™ would be very unpleasant if 1 was found thus unexpectedly in the room of the myste riously dead man. So, as Eoise'esEly as I could, I made my way out of the houfe. So one met me on the pri vate staircase ; the little door opening int-i the road was easily unfastened ; and thankful in deed was I to feel again the frtsh wintry air as I hurried along that road by the churchyard. There was a magnificent funeral goon in that church ; and it was said that the young widow of the buried man was inonsulable ; awi then rumours cot abroad of a horrible apparition which had been seen on the night of the death ; and it was wispered the young widow was terri li-d, ami insisted upon leaving her splendid mansion. I was too ms'ttififd with the whole affair to risk my reputation by savins what I knew, and I should have allowed uiy share in it to remain for- ever buried in oblivion, had I not suddenly hoard that the widow, objecting to many of the levies in the Lift will of her husband, intended to dispute it on the ground of insanity, and then and tliTe gradually arose the rnnionr of his be lief in having received a mvsterious summons. On this I wenl to the 'lawyer, and sent a mossaze to the lady. that, as the Inst pfrtt-n who : had attm'leil her husband, I uniic-rto'.k t - prove '. h:s sanity ; and I tasnugh't her to grant me an j interview, in which I would relate as Etrange : and horrible a story as tars had ever heard. i The same evening I received an invitation to \ gi to the mansion. I was ushered immediately into a splendid room, and there, i-tindiui before the fire, was the most dazzlingly beautiful young creature I had ever s^en. She wae wry small, but exquisitely made ; had it n't be n for the ilinnity of her carriage, I should have believed her a mere child. With a stately bow she advanced, but did not speak. 'I come on a strange and painful errand,'' I be^-un, and then I started, for I happened to glance full into her eyes, and irnin them d»on to the (-mail ri«ht hand grasping the chair. The nel'.ling ring was on that hand ! ' 1 conclude you are the Mr. K'ad whn re quested permission to tell me some absurd ghost-story, and whom my late husband men tions litre.' Anil as she spoke she Btretchel out her left hand towards something — but what I k new not, for my eyes were fi&ed; on that haid. Horror ! White and delicate it might be, but it was sha]-ed like a claw, and the third linger was missing ! One sentencewasenough afbrthat. ' Madam, all I can tell you is, that, the ghost who sum- ] moned your bufband was marked by a sin?u!ar ? deformity. The third finger i-n tbe lefcfcand was ' missing.' I said sterniy ; an.i tbe next instant ! 1 had left that beautiful sinful presence. Thai wil] was never dispatch. Tbe neit Ej-rtinr. tx-. I rece:red a cheque for a thou- j E&Bd; : 'Can as : sod ihe next news I heard of the ?sriicnr was, that the bad herself seen that awful sjipirdon, and had left the mansion im mtfiii.ifcjy. — Bsfjrario, 