El'lTOMiS OF NJ-WS. • It is understood that P;is liiiinent will nor meet for the triiiisiictii.vu of Sjttdint'ss iKlore the first w.'.ek ii•• fi-bruiirv lie*:. »Vo le»r.i <-!>m .Mr \Y. S. SfOw w.<* r<\--J«-i.»e.' from custody on Monday evening, und proceeded from Gcel'ihg .to Melbourne by t!:e tr-.in. Amonsjst tlie pnsM-'tigers by the sliip Globe, from l.ivernool, i>n Saturday wa- the lion A Perry, a hitlt-brutlier to the Earl of Limerick. Mr Manninir, the undersecretary of Queensland, who was murderously assaulted by the clerk Bowermitn, is rapidly recovering from his dangerous wounds, and will shortly be convalescent. The mate of the ship Avondale died of smallpox in Melbourne, on Friday. . According to the Jlrarat Advertiser, "a requisition calling upon Mr David Blair to resign his sent for Crown lands is talked of in influenr.hi! circle* nt the Reefs, Pleasant Creek, where a feeling of dissatisfaction, almost approaching to disgust, has been engendered by the manner in which that gentleman has discharged his Parliamentary duties. The proprietors of the Wagga Wagga Advertiser oflor a prize of one hundred guineas for the best original essay on what should be " t he future land policy of New South Wales." The essays are to be sent iti by tlie first of March next. The Ballarat Star of yesterday reports that on Monday Joseph Detra^h, William Hawthorn, and William Whitworth were arrested by Sergeant Delan/ of the local police, on tlie charge of linying criminally assaulted Em'ina Smidley, near Kaviiilikh'^«hanty, at Greenock On Monday morning the valuable entire horse Wrtstler, belonging to Messrs Oirilvy, ol Acton, died. Death was oiused by the inflamed state of the stomach. The loss to the owner is heavy, Wrestler being a favorite sire, a prize-taker, and valued at £700. The Tarrengoioer Times reports that, at the annual-examination of the Newstead Common School, an election of the best boy and girl formed part of the proeeeiin-8. On the noil relating to the boy being declared, a protest was at once entered, on the ground that bribery and corruption, hy means of lollies, &c;, had been carried on by the successful candidate throughout the morning. The protest was sustained mid tlie election declared nail and void. From Queensland, we learn that the drought has broken up, and extensive showers of rain have fallen. A splendid topaz has been found in the neighborhood of Adelaide. A lad named Cohen, fifteenyears of age, attempted suicide at Mudgee, N.S.W., a Jew days ago, upon being reproved by his parents. A cheque for £1,500, to which the namoof Landale Brothers, the well-known squatters of Kiverina, had been forged, was.recently cashed at the National Bank. The suspected forger, a man named Fearn, is in custody. A man was arrested at the Spring Creek rush last week, on suspicion of his being the murderer of John Harper at Taylor's wool shed, near Deniliquin, oil the 21st October last. A in»n named James Kenny was found dead in the bush, abuut seven miles from Redcastle, last week. Death was tho result of natural causes. A newspaper is announced to appear at the Spring Creek rush on Saturday next. A patient in the Geelong hospital died a few days ago from the effects of chloroform administered to him by Dr. Keid, the resident surgeon. A lad named James Wilkinson was killed at Bullock Creek, near Sandhurst, on Saturday, by the falling in ot the roof of a deserted hut. A boy named John Farrell went to bathe in a reservoir at Catherine's lteef, near Sandhurst, on Friday, ventured out of his depth, and being uuable to swim, was drowned. Dr. Shiel, the Catholic Bishop of Adelaide, has returned from Europe by the ship Orient, which arrived on Saturday. A few days si -ce, a cow was killed at the Sandhurst slaughtet-yards, from the stomach of which the remains of a tolerably large snake wa« taken. It is reported that great finds of copper have been made ninety miles north of Port Energetic, South Australia. A few days ago,-a lady wheeling a perambulator through .Main- street, Cfilliern, ran it over a shake. She managed to get away safely; but the snake left the-ni.-iAs of its -teeth on the wheel of the perambulator. The number of persons who hare arrive! by sen in the colony, during the month of October, was 2,956, and the number departed 1.997, leaving a balance in favor of immigration of 959 souls. Hares have been seen by two gentlemen at different times in the Inmbaiik ranges, near Bacchus Marsh, and it is believed that sparrows are in the township. We are informed that tlie declaration on behalf of the plaintiff in the case of Alexander v Jones was delivered to the defendant's attorney on Saturday. Last week an unfortunate man was found dead, with hiB throat cut, in a paddock near the township of Koroit. Oil Saturday, the guard's ran of the mid daytrain to Sandhurst was discovered to be on fire, at Ravenswood, and had to be detached, necessitatingconsiderable delay. The fare from Sandhurst to Spring Greek (the new rush,) a distance of fifty miles, is o .ly fiveshillings ^ Mr Wemyss Jobson is in the United States, delivering what he calls "Lectures on Australia" In one of them he promises to give " his experiences of the Victorian Parliament of which he was a mem be r - „ Hls programme has sensation headings a la G. F. Train,such as " wasoflerod ChiefSecretaryship but indignantly sefused—Sensation in Melbourne— Sent for hy the Governor—still refused to take office, and several other palpable lies." A project has been started in Launeeston for til* employment of Chinamen in prospecting for gold in the neighborhood of Table Cape. Large stations of back country in New South Wale, are eoing a-begging. Though they have plenty of grass, they have 110 natural supplies. The St. Jirnaud Mercury gives currency to a story that on Messrs Lsion and Perry's, Honeful Reef the men have refused to work by night," owing to the ghost-like sounds which are heard proceeding from all parts of the claim. An inmate of ilie Beechworth Hospital for the insane, says the O. M. and Advertiser,^escaped from custody on Thursday Jast; and has not, we believe been since heard of. ' The Wesleyan Church, Birker-street, Castlemaine was crowded last Sunday evening to witness the induction into the Christian faith, by baptism, of four Chinese converts. The Kev. E. King officiated. On Monday while an. inmate of th. Benevolent Asylum, Castlemaine, named Woodward, wu eatine in^ in^his'throaC a " ^ * ° f We;are told that in con.equence of the Herald and wShSSS 1 V >* PW**"?.'thelllnstr£ed- 1 W " W ' ' 1 " J4!' e e e discontinued. of Thomas Danes wat killed on Wednesday last lu the mine bl .1* Waver^y 3 opcratire Company, at forest Creek Co- „ A woman natned Brown died suddenly at Barker's .Cr£k on Saturday, from "the burs&ig; of a blood A pair of English linnets .hare bebn lately 7 .eeh near the court liouse, Majorca. • A miner nam.d Taylor while descending the shaft in Ballersiedfs claim on the Victoria Reef? Bendigo on Monday evening, about seven o'clock, by .ome means musing His footing ,and fell ofi the Udder a depth ot seventy feet and was killed' T i ,e /.'federal Stafldar'a" commenting upon ; the -diminutive-siae andJiarmleM appearance of the .uppo.ed bushranger Duigan, *ay, that "if the you£r Royal on Mond jr night in East I/ynne r, t f 'V be ,!>eld in the vestibule of the lbU wlh'inst r ® hT,, ° atre ?" tl,e 23r£ and : -;T l I e , Pol y n e» ia Co- formed -to trade in and with the * > 3i Island., was formally infe„ rp„ rctia bn Monday^ »• n an numed Thomas 3;Keefe Me drowned him-' . bMhe continued drunkenne.. and nu^nduct of h« Mr Marco. Clarke of Melbourne ha. dramatised the sensational novel ofFoil! Play"" The drama was successfully played it the Duke -of Edinburgh Theatre on Mondny night. ® Iti. Matsa'ifiat ilie HonUTj) WoAdis intends ro pr.iCiUi Ju ? prufestion at We.timn.ler Hull w»tu» ti.w, |>io*b»i)ly, to-a feat th, ft^u.e of -Commons. « . ,. • .j, 'ihe committee ofthe Ballarat Agricultui! ind Paitoral boctety decided on Saturday la.t to hold a *•will ?>e«pplied.Ji>r On the.occasion , The S. A Jti-gisUr report*^^ nninunlly 3jBn« lot of liorsM was .hipped, on Thursday, on Soard »he §ir Bobert Sa.f, lor India. 