ektertainmevr st the pupils OF TEE NATIONAL SCHOOL. We are glad to chronicle'.lhe success of the second literary and musical,entertainment given by the scholars'ofthe Kyneton National School. It'oScurrld- - last" 3 Weanesday' fevening in the Mechanics' Institute and was attended by a very laffi'eiiumber/ofvauditors, both old and youngj Ihe building containing, inclusive i)f ;the:60 or: godchildren on the sUge, considerably over^400 J -people. Wjb - have,Iittl.e.hesitation_.either,Jn. saying that the entertainment, as a whole, deserved the patronage it received. We would not, and, and we are quite sure that those more immediately connected with the achool-would- Inot place »uch;exhibitiqna -above their proper lvalue, but laking'them at their right valuation, [as: an incitement to emulation amongst the boyi 'ancl, : in ; their'way,' an introduction to'public life, we are bound ^o Say that the affair was mostcridifable to all (engaged in it. " Of course where a number of mere boys alone have.-tb make their appearance beiore a large audience, such tis. that jof Wednesday night, it would be too much to expect an uninterrupted "succession - of .clp.ver, and; successful recitations,......But .this we may say, that a very fair proportion of the appearances of the boys was more than fsreditable, and that no hitch worth men tioriing appeared in the course of a very extensive programme. tBepreparation of which must have given/the head teacher, Mr Storie much; es}raiabpvr,-pnd;the execution,- of which he is'to be'congratulated upon. The entertainment began at 7 o'clock, at Which hour the E*€i&;,0..!ySnce; M;A.,;iDorresponident pf-the jschool, took the„cliai.r and.opened ttlio'fprocoedifl.'B» .suitable ~ remarks. There wereWx quasi dramatic" pieces on the programme, which were-mostly carried oiit with spirit and appreciation iofj-the;authors' meaning. " The Attrattivei Young/Lady.'? deserves'special mention as one of the best., ;It was enacted by Masters Gourlay,. Eogers, '"Bates, and 'Lavor. TheDungeori^Sceh'erfrbm-Piiarro, was given by : Masters Maxwell and Dakiri.; ' Tlie dialogue between Sir Edward- Mortimer'and Wil ford was • forcibly spoken • "by Masters Gourlay and ! Southern. The scene from William- Tell, in : which the trial of skill takes place, was acted by Masters Pritchard, Bates,-Johnson and Murray. Iii this Master Pritchard's neat conception of the work was noticeable. The. dramatised ^version , of Bob Sawyer's Party, from Dickens, which is a rather difficult piece 'for boys - to master, was yet fairly acted by Masters Hollis,' Laver, Brocklebank, Bamsay", Stewart. Moxwell,-Miller, Carter and Connell. A comical little sketch calle.d the Conju^at ; ii'g Dutchman' was'Tepreserited by Masters Pritchard, A. EogerjS-.aqd Armsfrorig." The various' recitations were given with different degrees of "ability". _A_greater mastery and ability was visiole in the.best .pieces which,y including. the dramatic, selections;,"/were all of a muchmore difficult nature than those of the first exhibitiou of the jjoys-in-April last.- Master Geddes • recited the Chameleon, and, it was.no mean feat for Master Pritchard to recite with such facility and correctness of style a difficult poem like Browning's" Pied Piper of Hamelin. Master Hollis is to be: commended for his rendering of Bernardo and Alphonso, from Lockhart's Spanish" Ballads, and Master Armstrong tor his very spirited delivery of Home for the Holidays. :> Master Warburton fairly recited The Soldier's Pardon. Master Council'si comic recitations The Quack Doctor and The Collegian and the-Porter were miich and deservedly applaudeafas were also Master Laver's Marco Bozzaris, and The Captain's. Whiskers, the. first of which deserves, from its indications of growing'mastery of ^reciting power," special mention. The remaining recitations. The Well of St. Keyne, by Master Moody; No Grumbling, by Master Rogers; Toll for the Brave, , by ^Master Willis; The 'Treasures of the Deep,,by "Master Beid ; The Death of Boderick Dhu, by Master Attwood; The Mariner's . Dream, by Master Bamsay ; .The Death pf.Jteeldar, by Master Murray; and the -Pakenham Ghost,-by Master Miller, all more -or—less: contained features worthy of commendation.. The musical part of the entertainment, was not. up; to the-literary part nor "Could it.be expected to be so, seeing that the choir consisted <of all ;the .upper classes irrespgetive^-of selection on account of vpcal ability. We understand' that3Tr Storie intends iu fulure making a selection.of singers jis well as reciters, so as to prevent the-overwhelming of the good; by' the -bad in an indiscriminate mixture.: :One or two of the part'songs, however, were well dbneV particularly the Danish ''Sea -Eang'B-Sbng, by Masters Miller, "Jtilmson and Gourlay, and .the Boat S.ong of .the 'Nile; by. Masters Hollis, Sogers'and Gourlay, Mr Storie assisting ;n both pieces. The!vote ^f'tUanks to'the reciters'; the girls,^jtbjphairmanj.and; this .head teacher were proposed and seconded By Masters Hich'ardson, Masterton.'Field, Jobson.-Carte'r.Blair, Pritchard and Hollis. The proceedings of a pleasant evening were brought to a close by the singing;of the National' Anthem, < >The proceeds for the entertainment, were for thebenefit of the fund of the school repairs, and we cannot but say the plan -of making-the-boys-work-for-tlie improvement jof Jheir own building is preferable, setting,aside tlie conssderatioh of the benefit to ttiem'selves^to the system of suing injorma. pauperis to the public. . ,,. "...'•' . '.,.:-.•;., 