SENSATIONALISM. What is sensationalism, and who is sensational ? I will strive to tell you. The late Mr. William Shakespere was an arrant sensational writer. He wrote the play of " Macbeth," which is founded mainly on murder and witchcraft. He wrote "Hamlet," in which there are many murders, a suicide, a suspicion of madness, and a ghost. He wrote "Othello," in which there is jealousy, and also murder. He wrote " King Lear," in which you will find, murder, blindness, and madness. He wrote "Antony and Cleopatra," in which there is suicide. He wrote " Julius Cæsar," in which there is murder and a ghost. He wrote "Richard the Third," in which there are no end of murders and no end of ghosts. He wrote " Romeo and Juliet," in which luxuriate poison, murder, and premature interment. He wrote the "Merchant of Venice," in which there is robbery and elope ment, and an attempt on the part of a Jew bill-discounter to cut open the stomach of a Christian gentleman. The late M. de Voltaire highly objected to Shakespere's sensationalism. He called him un barbare grotesque. He preferred mur- der a la Grecque, when you only hear tho slaughtered Agamemnon groaning behind the scenes.He liked Peloponnesian adultery. Heracleidan seduction, and Attic incest. Ben Jonson, Beaumont, Fletcher, were not sensational writers. Ben's most sensa- tional play, " The Alchemist," is made up of the humours of a conjuror, a swindler, and a woman of the town. Desdemona is sensational ; Doll Common is not so. Beaumont and Fletcher depicted the " humours" of their age with strength, richness, and raciness; they represented the manners of their time with pliancy, variety, and fidelity ; but their plays were plays of manners, and not of human nature. They were plays of garments, and not of the life within. So was it with the later comedy-writers. What has become of Etherege's "Love in a Tub," and Wycherley's " Gentleman Dancing- master," and Rowe's "Biter"? Where are Shirley, Vanbrugh, Congreve, and Farquhar ? Where is Foote even ? There is but one play by Massinger, the "Virgin Martyr," and one by Marlowe, the "Jew of Malta," that has survived almost utter oblivion. They are both " sensational ;" that is to say, they treat of life and passion. The Elizabethan dramas of manners are all dead. Who, save book-worms, reads the " Scornful Lady," or the " Custom of the Country,'' or the " Beggar's Bush," or the "Humorous Lieutenant," or the "Little French Lawyer," or the ' Laws of Candy" ? Who knows much about " The Fox," or the "New Inn," or the " Staple of News" ? Yet the people who wrote these things were cried up by self-conceited wits and sages as infinitely superior to Shakespere.Have they kept possession of the stage ? Will they ever obtain possession of the stage again ? Away from bookmen's shelves, the whole rout of them are as dead and gone as a chandler-shopkeeper's ledger of the year before last. In the opinion of dolts and dullards and envious backbiters everything is " sensational" that is vivid and nervous, and forcible, and graphic and true. There is no sensation in the wretched daubs of Benjamin West, or the heartless tea-tray varnishing of Menga; but there is most deleterious sensationalism in Fuseli, and Hogarth, and Goya. Miguel de Cervantes wrote sensationally, but Gongora would have scorned the act. Camoens was sensational, but Lousada was "classic" Wedgwood was a sensational potter, and Flaxman a sensational sculptor. The revival of wood-engraving was a " sensa- tion" as bitterly depreciated by the old admirers of namby-pamby stipple and woolly mezzotint as vaccination was piously denounced by the advocates of inoculation, or better still by letting the smallpox have its own way. The Grub street Journal and the Daily Intelligencer were not sensational papers. The Telegraph, the Standard, and the Star are clearly sensational. Mr. Millais is a sensational painter, so is Mr. Holman Hunt. Mr. Woolner is a sensational sculptor; Mr. Ruskin's art-criticisms are sensational ; Mr. Darwin is a sensational philosopher ; Mr. Fechter is a sensational actor; Mr. Spurgeon is a sensational preacher ; Dr. Cumming is a sensational theologian; so, from, another point is Professor Maurice. As for Mr. Kingsley, as poet, novelist, parson, and historian, he was always sen- sational. Belgravia is a sensational magazine,and Miss Braddon is a dreadfully sensational novelist. Mr. Nelaton is a sen- sational surgeon ; M. Edmond About a sensational wit ; Napoleon III. a sensational soveieign ; and Graf von Bismark a sensational statesman. As for Garibaldi, he was never more than a sensational patriot ; and it was only Gene- ral Grant's sensational obduracy that caused the Southern Confederacy to col lapse. This is the cry, this is the yelp, this is the howl, in which the dullards and the dolts and the backbiters level. Suppose that the sensible portion of society con sent just for a season to lay down their arms, their pens, and their pencils, and allowed the non-sensationalists to have their way ? No more sensation plays, no more sensation poems—by the way, Maud is glaringly sensational, and so is Enoch Arden—no more sensation novels, no more sensation leading-articles, no more sensa tiôn pictures, no more sensation sermons, no more sensation speeches. Let us go back to the calmly dull, to the tranquity inane, to the timorously decorous, to the sweetly stupid. Let some new Macaulay—the old one was sensational historian—take up the nar- rative left us by Thomas Babington, and write : " Her most gracious Majesty, Queen Anne, was a very good Queen. She was much attached to the Church of England. Her Consort was called Prince George of Denmark. He was a great donkey, and used to get drunk. Queen Anne was very fond of good eating. She was very clever at making cordials. She had a famous general, whose name was Churchill. The French called him Malbrook. He won the battle of Blenheim for her. Queen Anne is dead." There, if that be not classical, I know not what is. There are very few words of more than two syllables in this non-sen sational excerpt. Or let our novels be on the model of the Grand Cyrus or Beli sarius. Let leading-articles begin, " They write from Vienna that tho Emperor re- fuse's to treat, and that the Great Turk is likely to give some trouble on the Danube." In lieu of reports of debates in Parliament, let us have " Conversations in the Senate of Blefuscu." Let our Royal Academicians turn coach-painters, or cut out profiles in black sticking-plaster ; let Mr. Phelps play Macbeth in the uniform of a captain in the Guards ; and the bishop of London, in a wig like a bird's-nest, preach a sermon in St. Paul's against photography and the Electric Telegraph. Don't let us move, don't let us travel, don't let us hear or see anything ; but let us write sonnets to Chloe, and play madrigals on the spinet, and dance minuets, and pray to Heaven against Sensationalism, the Pope, the Devil, and the Pretender; and then let dulness reign triumphant, and universal darkness coverall.—" On the 'Sensational' in Literature and Art," by Sala, in Bel- gravia. 