DECREASE IN THE EXPENSE OF WORKING OUR RAILWAYS AND HOW- IT IS EFFECTED. , ...''.'' '.i. it' To timber office Weight ' feiw,-I'notico "in to-day s Herald,(17th),,a ". lecturing' jioilting-ej.pen8es of existing, lines of . Railway " for the last three years, uhicli'sh&vv.s;« likely' considerable decrease in the working expenses. per mile run, at i'8jS7,r|cWi)'a\é4 fill the two previous years., " This looks' very vital on paper, and is, no doUTJt,"n. nice little plum.williwlrîchtû section somomeo'suie the acidity of the Opposition; but for the minds, of'prncticaltmon,' Who have the future welfare in" the colony at'heart,'and are not mere ttnio:servcis( it assumes a difieient'iispect altogether, and I think it behoves a such to look carefully into the matter, and see whether this is in case of real economy, or whether it is aspecifnonof the false economy which invariably or mars a heavy full rates dale. -, ? i .. ' ' ' i ; of There is a story told of a very economical man who managed. to reduce hitherto to three grains, of , cot in a day So far so good, but then L. it died. Now, Mr. Editor, 1 cheer that this is just the course which is being pursued, ' as the present time with our railways, namely, that everything is being neglected in order to show a decrease of expenditure, and that really this decreaSe of , 6d. or 7d. per mile run means., in plain terms, an increase of some, thirteen,, four, times. the amount which will involve-" has expended some twelve months hence (it not before, in order «toorcsui-citate.the ghost which will remain of our' ectly and once efficient rolling stock and permanent way. Some fifteen or eighteen months'.iitii. our ii'iily¿iiy.s Wcle nil nil '. or losing- 'a day.' trip. tellingly' stock was in good condition; and about;, that time we imported a lot of new locomotives, at great expense to the country, from the beat -English market, These latter, being new will, it allowed, nth for a long time without costing anything for repairs, assistant items which nearly' enough attention can be passed I over as not actually; endangeim'gyao fabric but these, are joined, increase end what might be done to-day for little or ñojhing^in'the course of time becomes a a serious matter. ''The same applies to carriages and all rolling stock-horses,. everything connected With the subject. , This,' I think, -no] one million; but - the" principle of real economy in! working railways is, to ; keep the ; whole plant in ; its prime. condition, it, allowing only the natural , depreciation' values is j, inseparable' words wear and tear.. flows this carried our on our lines!" I am afraid I think If a commission of practical men were to înBpçtt^Qiir . i railways in toto, the report they would give would be to the' order that the whole of the Want' hss"déteríomted''a(í!pür. cent., if not more ; and that, this, deterioration (minus the unavoidable loss, from wear and tear say 7 per cent.) ought to be added to the return before we come at the actual cost per mile run. In fact; we^nrr-iwearing' out the bones and sinews of our railways to such an extent that it will take an enormous outlay in fhej'iontr not to. nifdiib.jip^fon,, the pre.sent economy., ( v e r- l 'i , />-l , a i j ' I am, Sir,'v'ûnr obedient servant, I Í.M'. "Miss E R: H. Nye's ; í liTtle April. 