THE NOVELIST. PHINEAS FINN, THE IEI8H MEMBER.* BX ANTHONY TaotLora. CHAPTER XLYIII. "TCHE DUKE." By the middle of September there was assembled c. large party at Matoliing Priory, a .country mansion belonging to Mr. Plantagenet JPallieor. The men had certainly been chosen in referenoe to their political feelings and ijjoeition,-for there wag not a guest in the (house who had voted for Mr. Turnbull's 'Clause, or the wife or daughter, or sister of nany one who "had so voted. Indeed, in these days politics van so high that among poli ticians all eooiai .gatherings were brought to gether with some reference to the state of parties. Phineas was invited, and when he arrived at Matching he found that half the ^Cabinet was there. Mr. Kennedy was, not there, nor was Lady Laura. Mr. Monk was there, and the Duke-with the DuchesB, and Mr. Gresbam, and Lord Thrift; Mrs. «Goesler wsb there also, and Mrs. Bonteen, Mr. Booteen being detained somewhere out of tthe way ; and Violet EfEngliam was expected in two days, and Lord -Chiltern at the end of «the week. Lady Glencora took an oppor tunity -of imparting this latter information to Pbineaa verjr soon after his arrival; and Fhineas, as he watched her eye and her mouth while elie spoke, was quite sure that Lady -Glencora Jraew the story of the duel. " 1' shall be ?delighted to eee him again," said Phineas. " That is all right," said Lady Glen cora. There were also there Mr. and W -Grey, who were great friends of the Pallisers, -and on the very day on whioh Phineas reached Matching, at half an hour before the 'time for dressing, the Dnke of Omnium arrived. Now, Mr. P&Uiserwas; the Dake's nephew and heir,-and the Duke of Omnium was a very great person indeed. I hardly ?know why it ebould have been so, but the Duke of Omnium was certainly a greater man in public estimation than the other duke then present,-the Duke of St. Bungay. The Duke -of St. Bungay a useful man, and had been so all his life4 fitting in Cabinets and serving his country, constant as any pet* in the House of Lords, always ready to take on his own ehoulders any troublesome work required of him, than whom Mr. Mildmay, and Mr. Mild may's predecessor at the head of the liberal party, had had no more devoted adherent. But the Duke of Omnium had never yet done a day'a work on behalf of his .country. They both wore the Garter, the Duke of St. Bangsy having earned it by service, the Duke of Omnium having been decorated with the blue ribbon,-because he was Duke of Omnium. The one was a moral, tgood man, a good husband, a good father, and a good friend. She other,-did not bear quite *o high a reputation. But men and women thought but little of the Duke of St. Bungay, while tlie other -duke was regarded with an .almost reverential awe. I think the secret lay in the simple fact that the Duke of Omnium had not been -common in the eyes of the people. He had contrived to envelope himself in something of the ancient mystery of wealth -and rank. Within three minutes of the Cuke's -arrival MM. Bonteen, with an air of great im portance, whispered a word to PhineaB. " He <ha8 come. He arrived exactly at seven!" " Who has come?" Phineas asked. " The Duke of Omnium 1" she said, almost reprimanding him by her tone of voice for his indifference. " There has been a great doubt ^whether woo he would show himself at last.' Xady Glencora told me that he never wil pledge himself. I am soglad he has come." "I don't think I ever aa# him," said , fhineas. " Ob, I have - wen him,-a magnificent* | -looking man! I think- it is so very nioe of ; Lady Glencora getting him to meet us. It is , "very rarely that lie Will join a great party, but i 'they say Lady Glencora can do anything with ! .hftn wnoe tbe heir was born. I suppose you tiave heard all about that," "Uo/'said fhineas;w I have heard nothing of the beir, but I Iknovr that there are three or four^bies.'* - " ', *' There was do heir* you lmow, lor ayear «nd a half, and theywere all m ^itttpoir j *nd the Duke wais very nterly quarrelling with hu nephew . .udon^kiww^y thing to** ? .aid Phineas, wh& was mot very fond of; the . lady who wasgiving&iarthe; information.- 1 >r; ' If^but «inor ; ' ' mth jOjo, She u/flp, j to. AH0' * -to* M. favourite forone of' the j raoes on the yenr morning say 1M !g*W ' '' | '' ; " No ; padMr,F«ltyer?' has never knowo wh&t; io do with him since. But it was very pretty ofthe Duke j-waslit toolF"??iy-'V? -i? .:',j ' to to Mrs. Bonte,en how !U^{LV^e' thougbt about the Duke of Omni^m,-^* email was Bis respect for a great peer who tookno part kn politips,-oould &)$pfeteot hlmsellf -from*a pertain feeir^ ofan^ety M^^to aspect aid f*it'anfl . ^fprds^of ? thermae' of whom people rigUt of wirtMWii&fc; iftdneto ftafi" lias ? ^^nrehiiod by die pi'opriltm of "rJClis Auitip' l tliougbt BO much, of whom he had heard so often, and of whom he bad aeen «o Utile. He told himself that the Duke of Omnium should be no 'more to him than any other man, but yet the Du^e of Omnium was more to him than other men. When be -came down Into | the drawing-room he was angry with himself and stood apart;-and was then angry with himself again because he stood apart. Why | Bhould he make a difference in his own bear ing because there was such a man in the company P And yet he could not avoid it. When he entered the room the Doke was standing in a large bow*window, and two or three men were standing round him. Fhineas would not go neat the group, telling himself that he would not approaoh a man so grand as was the Duke of Omnium. He saw Madame Max Goesler among the party, and after a while he saw her retreat. As she retreated, Fhineas knew that some'word from Madame - Max Goesler had not been received with the j graciousness which she had expected. There ! was the prettieBt smile in the world on the lady's face, and she took a corner on a sola with an air of perfeot satisfaction. But yet Fhineas knew that she had received a wound. " I called twice on you in London/' said Fhineas, coming up close to her," but was not fortunate enough to find you lH "Yes;-but you came BO late in the season as to make it impossible that there should be any arrangements for our meeting.' What can an; woman do when a gentleman calls on her in August P" " I came in July." " Yes, you did; on the 31st. I keep the most accurate record of all such things, Mr. Finn. But let us hope that we may hare better luck next year. In the meantime, we can only enjoy the good things that are going." " Socially, or politically, Madame Goesler?" " Ob, socially. How pan I mean anything else when the Duke of Omnium is here P I ; feel so much taller at being in the same bouse i with him. Do not youP But you area spoilt child of fortune, and perhaps you have met him before." " I think I once saw the back of a hat in the park, and somebody told me that the Duke's head was inside it." " And you have never seen him but that once ?" 11 Never but that once,-till now.w " And do not you feel elated ?" " Of oourse I do. For what do you take me, Madame Goesler P" " I do,-immensely. I believe him to be a fool, and I never heard of his doing a kind aot to anybody in my life." . [ " Not wben he gar« the racehorse to Lady GlencoraP" " I wonder whether that was trae. Did you ever hear of such.an absurdity P As I was saying, I don't think he over did anything for anybody;-but then, you know, to be Duke of Omnium P It isn't necessary-is it, that a Duke of Omnium should do anything except be Duke of Omnium P" At this moment Lady Glencora came up to Fhineas, and took him across to the Duke. The Duke had expressed a desire to be intro duced to him. Fhineas, half- pleased and half-disgusted, had no alternative, and followed Lady Glencora. The Duke shook hands with him, and made a little bowt and said something about the garotters, which Fhineas, in his confusion, did not quite understand. He tried to reply as he would have replied to anybody else; but the weight of the Duke's majesty was too much for him, and he bungled. The Duke made another little bow, and in a moment was Bpeaking a word of condescension to some other favoured individual. Fhineas retreated alto gether disgusted,-hating the Duke, but hating himself worse; but he would not retreat in the direction of Madame Max Goesler. It might 6uit that lady to take an instant little revenue - for her discomfiture, but it did not suit him to do so. The question with him would be, whether in some future part, ojf his career jit might not be MB duty to assist in putting down Dukes of Omnium. At dinner Pbineas sat between Mrs. Bon teen and the Duchess of St. Bungay, and did not find himself very happy. At .the other end ofthe table the Duke, the great Duke, was seated at Lady Glencora's right hand, and on.! lib other side Fortune had placed Madame Goealer. The greatest interest which Fblb*«s had during the, dinner ffas in w/*to^i* ( ing the opereAlana,-the triumphsntly auooefs-i fti operations of ttw* Udy. Before dinner ! she' had been wouhded -by n»feT)uke.T{ie Duke had not <^ndej>^ded to abiJOrd. ijie .honour of'jtli jto .omelittie flattering, ^ lady had uttered on his behbot She had said alharpwprd ortwoin . her momentary anger to Fhineas ; but 'when* Fortunb wi6vst>' gojkl to^hiw inttat hiat^r olE her plaoe sit dinner, . she was not Cool enough tp throw aw^y h»r chance. Throughout the aoup and fish ejie wAa very quiet. She said m word or two. after "her first glass ofch'ampague. The Duke refaspd two dishes, bbe glided intownye^iw.*,r'$jrlid he had his rout mutton befo^Mj^ she was 10roll play, and as she eat her peach, (tie Duke Was bending over her with his most graoioiis 'mine. .. ""i" 1 «* Didn't you think the se^ibn was ve^y long, Mr. Finn P" s*id thpDuehesf tqPhiueafc. I " Very tang indeed* Duche^' aa^d sFhwe^,1 with hi(t attention still fixed ion Madame Mjix: Goesler. . 5)heit'*I i -;*»i daresay he did," $aid Guineas. That duke and that duchess were no more than any other miu apdany other man's wife. The session bad not been logger tothe Duke of St. Bungay tharito ill the public servants Phineas bad the greatest possible respect for tbe Duke of St. Bungay, but he could not take mnoh ibtereSt in ' the wailing* of the Duchess <m her husband's, behalf. "And things do seem to be so very uncom* fortable now," s&Id; the Duchess,-thinkibg partly of the resignation of Mr. Mildmay, and partly of tbe fact that her ova old peculiar maid, who had lived with her for thirty years, : bad retired into private life. " Not so very bad, DuohesB, I hope/' said Phineas, observing that at . this moment Madame Max G-oesler's eyes were brilliant with triumph. Theft there came upon him a sadden ambition,-that be would like to " cat out" the Duke of Omnium in the estimation of Madame Max Goesler, The brightness of Madame Max Ooeeler'e eyes had not been, thrown away vpon our hero. Violet Effingham came at the appointed, time, and, to the surprise of Phineas, was brought to Matching by Lord Brentford. Fhineas at first thought that it was intended ( tbat tbe Earl and his son should meet and make up their quarrel at Mr. Palliser'a house. But Lord Brentford stayed only one night> and Phineas on the next morning heard the whole history of his coming and going from Violet. " t have almost been on my knees to him to stay," ehe said. " Indeed, I did go on my knees,-actually on my knees." " And what did he Bay ?" " He pat his arm round me and kissed me, and,-and,'-I cannot tell you all that he isaid. But it ended in this,-that if Chilterh can be made to go to SauUby, fatted calves without Btint will be killed. I shall do all I can to make him go; and so must you, Mr. Finn Of course that silly affair in foreign parte is not to make any difference between you two." Phineas smiled, and said he would do his beat, and looked up into her face, and was just able to talk to her as though things were going comfortably with him. But his heart was very cold. As Violet had spoken to him ; about Lord Chiltern there bad come upon him, j for the first time,- for the first time since be had known that Lord Chiltern had been refused,-an idea, a doubt, whether even yet Violet might not become Lord CTniltern's wife.' His heart was very sad, but he struggled on, -declaring that it was incumbent on them both to bring together the father and son. " lam so glad to hear you say so, Mr Finn," said Violet. " I really do believe that you can do more towards it than any one else. Lord Chiltern would think nothing of my advice,-would hardly speak to me on such a subject. But he respects you as well as likes you, and not the less because of what has occurred." How was it that Violet should know aught of the respect or liking felt by this rejected Buitor for that other suitor,-who had also been rejected P And bow was it that she was thus able to talk of one of them to the other, as though neither of them had ever come forward with euch a suit P Phineas felt his position to be so strange as to be almost burdensome. He had told Violet, when she had refused him, very plainly, that he should come again to her, and ask once more for the great gift which he coveted. But he could not ask again now. In tbe first place, there was that in ber manner which made him sure that were he to do so, he would iask in vain; and (ben he felt that she was placing a special oonfidenoe in him, againBt whioh he would commit a sin were he to use her present intimacy with him for purposes of making love. They two were' to put their shoulders together to help Lord Chiltern, and while doing so he could not continue a suit which would be felt by both Of them to be hostile to Lord Chiltern. There might be opportunity for a chance word, and if so, tbe cbanoe word should be spoken; but i he could not make a deliberate attack, suoh as be bad made in Portman»square. Violet also probably understood that she bad not now 1 been caught in a mousetrap. j Tbe Duke was to spend four days at Match ing, and on the third day,-the day before Lord Chiltern was expected,-he was to be seen riding with Madame Max Goesler by his' ' side. Madame Max Goesler was known as a, perfect horsewoman,-one indeed Who was *»tber fond of going a little fast on horseback, tod who rode well to bounds. But the Pake, seldom pored out of a walk, and oh this (occasion. Madame Max was as steady In her btiAvnd .almost as slow is the mounted ghost in iZtots Jttan. Sub it wu scud by some < that the conversation between them was aiot -slow. JAn$ Ibis nfcxt -xjmjnttg ' the 5 Dtoke and«> Madam'eMw. Gtoeelet>ew,! 'together before luncheon, standing on aterraboat tbqi back of the bouse, looting . down on paety. who *ere playing croquet on the lfcwh, ' V " ?ojp£ never playT* said1 the Duke. Jt "^bj^eBi-^tw doW$ve^tbinfj 4 lite!*," . , "lamsureyou wouldftlay well. Why do . i : j "Ishould like to see you ,wi(b your mallei/' «I amsorry iyour Grace cannot be gratified. Ibaire fcla^ed croquet tijl l im tired of it, and: tencpm?. to thiak^ boysaM girls.-: The great thing ; is v to gtve them oppor tunities for fiteticg, and it does that." ;? " And whatwith youii the ohoioeit time t'4 much on the ohoieQ perton. What do you recommendf / " Ab,-I am «o ignorant. Icanreoommend .nothing." .. r ?' ' *' What do you ay to a moiuMa*top ^ dawn on a summer day P" asked Madame Mai Goesler. t - " You make me shiver," said the Duke. " Or a boat on a lake on a summer evening, or a good lead after bounds with nobody else within three fields, or the bottom of a salti mine, or the deck of an ocean steamer, or a military hospital in time of war, or a railway journey from Paris to Marseilles ?" " Madame Max Goealer, you have the most uncomfortable ideas." " I have no doubt your Grace has tried each of them,-successfully. But perhaps, after all, a comfortable chair over a good fire, in a pretty room, beats everything." " I think it does,-certainly," said the Duke. Thto he whispered something at which Madame Max G-oesler blushed and smiled, and immediately after that she followed those who had already gone in to lunch. Mrs. Bonteen bad been hovering round the spot on the terrace oh whioh the Duke and Madame Max G-oesler had been standing, look ing on with envious eyes, meditating some attack, some interruption, some excuse for an interpolation, but her courage had failed her, and she bad not dared to approach. The Duke bad known nothing of the hovering propinquity of Mrs. Bonteen, hut Madame Goesler had seen and had understood it all. " Dear Mrs. Bonteen/' she said after wards, "why did you not come and join us? The Duke was so pleasant." " Two is company, and three is none/' said Mrs. Bonteen, who in her anger was hardly able to choose her words quite as well as she might have done had she been more cooL "Our friend Madame Max has made quite a new conquest," said Mrs. Bonteen to Lady Glencora. " 1 am so pleased," said Lady Glencora, with apparently unaffected delight. " It is such a great thing to get anybody to amuse my uncle. You see everybody cannot talk to him, and he will not talk to everybody.*' " He talked enough to her in all conscience," said Mrs. Bonteen, who was now more angry than ever. 