CATHOLIC INTELLIGENCE. FIRST COMMUNION.—The children of St. Patrick's and St. Francis' received their first communton on Sunday last, and this most important event in their lives was rendered the more memorable by the fact that Pis Lordship the Bishop administered in each case. The little ones who then received the most precious pledge of God's love the Church has to bestow were addressed by the bishop in terms suitable to the occasion. CONFIRMATION.—On Tuesday last, the octave of the Immaculate Conception, 560 children and several adults received the sacrament of confirmation at the hands of the bishop, the Revs. G. V. Barry, EL England, and J. P. O'Sullivan assisting. Before the rite was administered, the bishop addressed those concerned on the nature of the sacrament they were about to receive, and exhorted them to prepare their hearts to worthily receive the gifts of the Holy Ghost. His lordship also impressed upon them the duty of corresponding with the graces they would receive, and of persevering under all temptations and trials in the performance of good works. On Tuesday the bishop administered confirmation at the Convent of Mercy to the children attending school there, and likewise addressed them pertinently to the holy purpose for which they were assembled. ST. FRANCIS' CIIOIB.—Great efforts are being made to have» the organ at St. Francis' ready for use on Christmas Day; and though the improvements which are being effected are very extensive, and much remains still to be done, no fear of a disappointment is now entertained. The alterations in progress prevented the use of the instrument on Sunday last. | I CHURCH LANDS.—There are notifications in the Gazette of December 15, that sites for Roman Catholic Church purposes have been reserved permanently at Mansfield and Alexandra, and temporarily at I<auriston. THE BALLARAT CHRISTIAN DOCTRINE SOCIETY intend holding their annual picnic on the 6th January, the feast of the Epiphany, at the Lai Lai Falls. Through the kindness of the Commissioner of Rail, ways, a special train will convey the children and teachers to Lai Lai. It is expected that there will be over 600 children, and about 200 adults—the latter consisting of the members of the society and their friends. The Ballarat Volunteer Fife and Drum Band have been engaged for the festive occasion. The refreshment Committee are working hard, making provision for an ample supply of sweetmeats and fruits, and more substantial edibles. The sports committee are also active; they are busy drawing up a programme for the day, and they intend giving prizes for the various games, a sum of money having been voted by the society for that purpose. The train will leave the Ballarat West station at eight o'clock, and return from Lai Lai at half-past seven p.m. 