BARLOWS ENTERTAIN HE NT. The inimitable Barlow, in his characteristic entertainment at the Lyceum, last evening, was rewired with great applause. His singing of the sweet Irish ballad " The Dear Little Shamrock " was most expressive, and " The Ghost" brought the first part of the programme to a most suc cessful termination. " Old Sarah Walker," in the sentimental, and " Pat Molloy," in the comic strain were received with every evidence of satis faction. Nothing in the programme, however, excelled the quaint singing of " My Old Wife .and I both in the acting and singing the piece was a gem. Mr Barlow's performance on the rock harmonican is very clever. His negro singing and dancing and acting set the house in a roar. Mr Goulstone at the piano, and Mr Youle in two comic -'songi, added to the enjoyment of the evening. . Sandhurst Borough Election. — The ad journed meeting of electors favorable .to the election of Mr Angus Mackay, as a member to represent the Sandhurst Boroughs in the Legis lative Assembly,, takes place to-night at the Niagara Hotel. Amatedb Performances. — The dramatic performances of the Eaglehawk amateurs, are announced to be repeated to-night at the Town Hall, Eaglehawk, the prices of admission being reduced one-half, so that all may have an opportunity of witnessing some clever acting, and contribute their mite at the same time to. a laudable object. Meetings This Dat.—Working Miners' Com pany, Camp Hotel, Eaglehawk, eight o'clock; Johnson's Ileef Drainage Committee, Royal Hotel, eight o'clock. • j Popdlab Readings.—The fifth of the Beries of popular- readings-at- the- White Hills takes"place to morrow night at the Oddfellows' Hall, White Hills, when several novelties will be intro duced. Mr J. J. Casey, M.P., will occupy the chair on the occasion. ■"■■■ i The Monument Fond.—A meeting of contri butors to the fund for the erection of tombstones, to commemorate the death of the three children by the explosion of fireworks on board the mimic Galatea, and also for defraying expenses in con nection with their funeral, will be held to-night, in the Town Hall. Donations to the Mechanics' Institute — The Secretary desires us to acknowledge receipt of • Cassell's large map of London, iti several sheets, from Mr T. Swift; arid of a large mounted map of the United States, from Mr: S. P. Hogg. Bubglabt.—Between the: hours of. twelve o'clock ou Monday night and yesterday morning the store of Mr Bush, in Williamson-street, was broken into and entered by some ■ persons. Entrance was effected by the removal of one of the shutters of the store facing Williamson-street. On making search round the store the proprietor discovered that the loss sustained- consisted of nearly two hundred pounds weight An attempt had been made to carry off the safe, as a rope had been placed around it and it was moved a little from its position; but the thieves evidently found that the safe was too heavy to be moved. The" Whatheb.—The thermometer registered in the shade, at Messrs Joseph and Go's, Pall Mall, yesterday, as follows.:—9 a.m, 71° : noon, 85°; 3 :p.ra, 85°; 6 p.m, 84°. Maximum, 95° ; minimum during the previous night, 62'. Barometer, 29 80. :. v ' The' Epsom Outzagb.—At the Police Court, Ballarat, yesterday, the Chinese, Yung Fung Kie, charged ou. suspicion of being implicated in the Epsom outrage, was discharged, there not being sufficient cvideuceagainst bim. .■ Mf 