GENERAL NE W8. . PATENT FRENCH TILES-A company formed io Sydney for the purpose of manufacturing a peculiar description of roofing tile, has reoently oommenoed operations and produced an artiole whioh is moah superior to the tiling hitherto used here. The oompany has established a manufaotory on the Botany Road, Waterloo, where these tiles, whioh are oonstmoted upon a new plan, patented in Franoe and proteoted here, are produced. They are exceedingly elegant in appearanoe, and shaped and com- pressed by msohinery, are very solid and durable. B\ means of small grooves, and the peculiar manner in whioh one tile laps over another, a roof constructed of tbem is perfectly water- tight. It is impossible that rain can either beat upwards through tha interstices, or can find its way between the joints. Should the water get under- neath the outer edge, it is oaught in a groove or small trough, and rons away-should it ever overflow the first groove it only gets into another, whioh also oarries it olear off. At the same time the " lap" is not great, and therefore theteresults are attained without adding to the weight of the roof. The tiles themselves are heavy, but when laid npon the battens they are much lighter th*n ordinary slates or shingles, by reason of the slight lap requisite, and the few battens that need be used. These tiles are very oheap-a roof built of them coati about two thirds as muoh as a slated roof-they are very cool, very healthy, wear very well, and look very well. 'No nails are .requited to fasten them to the battens, as they are firmly aeonred by means of a small notoh or ledge at the upper end of eaoh tile. A terraoe of seven hontet on the "outh Head Road, Paddington, just oompleted for Mr. E, Viokery, are roofed with these tiles, and they certainly look, very elegant-muoh more so than most roofing oon strupted of similar materials.-S M. Herald, June 1. SHIPBUILDING IN STDNBT -The Herald hat resumed its nottoet of manufacturing industries iu Sydney, with a description of Mr. Outbberl's establishment The writer aays that Mr. Cuthbert, during the last three years, has never had lesa than 230 hands at work, though al times he has had over 250, Ho first oommenoed business some twelve years ago, and since then he has built twenty- six véasela, ranging in length from 90 feet to l61 feet, and in tonnage from SO lo 600 tons. Of theae seven were steam vesielf. The notioe oonoludes with the dlsoourag ing Btftiemsnt that at the time of his visit tbe large yard, with all ita applianoes for carrying on works to a very large estent, was all but idle. luatead of the fourorfive^ vessels of the laigest size lying at the yard, with swarms'' of busy shipwrights labouring at them, only one smalt vessel was undergoing repair. Misunderstandings have arisen between Mr. Cuthbert and the Shipwrights' Asso- ciation, and only a short time back that gentleman die obarged all his hands. Having work on hand, however, that conld not he delayed, be was compel lud.to take on, at their own terms, the necessary number of men to com- plete the oontraol he had undertaken. Binoa then he has employed men only «s he required tbem, and as work carne in, and he no longer engages Ja that speoulative oonstruotion of vessels to wbioh we owe tome of the best sea boats that have left Mr. Cuthbert'*yard. The wages and woik of the men are now fixed by an arbitrary soale laid dowu by the assooiation. DEATH FKOM TUB BIT« or A VENOMOUS REPTILE. We regret to have to report the death of Mr. Fisher (of Three Mile Flat, Welllington) who was bitten while on the Marthaguy by some venomous reptile, The unfor- tunate man expired on last Thursday evening, after hav ingi suffered the most acute agony for about a fornight. It is yet unknown what bit him, butha himself asserted that it was a " wood adder."-Dubbo Dispatch, May 30 TRUNO TO LAI A WRLSH GHOST -Abernant, near Aberdare, ia at present in the enjo)ment of a ghost locally certified as the spirit of the deceased wifo of a woikmtu who had threatened her husband before ber doatb that she wonld hauut him if he ill .treated her ohildren, and who seems to have had reaaon for keeping b»r word. Tbe spiritual influence is ohiefly manifested by jug», chairs, and table« jumping about the house ; but the ex-parish constable, who was sent for to lay the Îhost, waa made the subject of a different manifestation n reply toa solemn request he received a blow witb a stone, and was laid himself instead of laying the ghost The polioo were sent for, and they tied the deorated daugbtei's hands, thinking she was at the bottom of the affair ; but the latest aooounls tay the ghost oontlnues its manifestations, 