ST. ANDREWS CATHEDRAL. THE history of the Cathedral Church of St. Andrew dates from as far back as the month of August, 1819, nearly fifty years ago, when Governor Macquarie laid the original foundation stone. After that proceeding there was a cessation of the work for some consider- able time, owing, it is believed, to the funds having been diverted to buildings of a parochial character According to the testimony of the hon. Charles Cowper (for several years Premier of this colony) that gentleman was himself present when the first foundation stone was laid ; but during the long time that the project remained more or less in abeyance, a change in the site was, for some cause, decided upon, which necessitated a relaying of the foundation stone many years afterwards. St. James's Church was commenced, and took precedence of the projected Cathedral. At this time, and until the year 1835, the pre- sent diocese of Sydney formed part of the diocese of Calcutta. In 1836 the late Dr. Broughton was consecrated Bishop of Australia, and in the following year, on the return of that Prelate to Sydney, he reverted to the design which had been initiated by Governor Macquarie. The foundation stone was thus relaid by Sir Richard Bourke, the Governor, on the 16th May, 1837, during the episcopacy of the late Bishop, whose name and designation (as the first and sole Bishop of Australia) are inscribed on the north pillar next to the Communion rails. At this resumption, or rather real commencement of the work, the old foundation stone was removed and placed in its actual site, other expenses being also incurred in commencing the present building. This site for the building was at length satisfactorily determined by a grant from the Crown, made on the 15th day of January, 1856, but, singularly enough, not taken up by the Church authorities until as late as the the year 1865. The structure made some slight progress after the re-inception of the undertaking in 1837, but, from a variety of causes, did not get on as fast as might have been expected, considering the great wealth of the religious body to which it belonged. Twenty-eight years ago the walls were not more than five or six feet high, all round ; and after an increased impetus had been given to the work, and the walls of the choir were built, it remained, for several years more, unroofed—a mere unsightly shell, wholly devoid of any use or architectural beauty. In this earlier part of the history of the church the architect was Mr. James Hume, recently deceased. On Mr. Hume relinquishing the post of architect he was succeeded in 1846 by Mr. E. T. Blacket, who made several improvements in the architectural details of what had already been built, and greatly modified and improved the entire plan ; Mr. Blacket has continued to be the architect up to the present day. In 1846 a committee was formed for the purpose of completing the Cathedral, and that committee has carried on the work up to the present time. It was on the 23rd of July, 1855 (when the present Bishop was in attendance at a meeting of the committee) that it was dis- covered no grant of the land had been properly applied for ; but the oversight was promptly rectified, and a grant obtained from the Government in about a year afterwards. The projected edifice had of course been somewhat delayed by the death in England of Bishop Broughton, and the unavoidable delay that followed, pending the appointment of his successor, the present Bishop. On his arrival here, however, a renewed energy was displayed, and it was resolved that St. Andrew's Cathedral should be completed for use. In 1860 the Building Committee waited upon the Metropolitan (who according to the terms of the grant was the trustee), being desirous of knowing what were his views on the matter with regard to the purposes of the building, and the mode in which it was to be used. The answer of the Bishop —entered on the minutes of the committee, on the 27th December, 1860—was of such a character as gave them every encouragement to proceed. From that time to this the building has steadily progressed, being materially assisted towards its present state of completion by the large contributions of persons who have subscribed towards some special objects in connection therewith--such as the windows, carved woodwork, pulpit, and ether similar details ; the great cost of which could not be conveniently provided for by any general subscription. In the month of July, 1865, a public meeting of the members of the Anglican Church in this colony was held in St. James's Schoolroom, presided over by the late Governor, his Excellency Sir John Young. The result of that meeting proved to be eminently satisfactory. Public interest was once more fully awakened. In that, and in the following year £9,500 was subscribed by the general public for the completion of the structure ; £1400 being also received through the Bishop from the Moore Estate. Two thousand five hundred pounds were also collected by ladies in the diocese, for the purchase of an organ ; and a sum of three hundred pounds was subscribed by children for a baptismal font. The disbursements of the committee between January, 1865, and August, 1868, amounted to more than £12,000; and there did not appear to be any prospect of difficulty in getting all that should yet be found necessary. Thus, at length, on the meeting of the Diocesan Synod in August last, it was announced that the church was so far completed as to authorise the hope that, with some additional exertion, it might be possible to have it opened on the 30th of November (St. Andrew's Day). A special Ordinance for establishing and regulating the constitution of the Cathedral was, on the 4th of August, introduced by Mr. Alexander Gordon, the chancellor of the diocese, into the Synod ; and having there been fully discussed and amended, it was read a third time and passed on the 13th of that month. In pursuance of this arrangement the Chapter of the Cathedral has been made to consist of the Bishop, the Dean, the Chancellor, the six Canons and six laymen. The Canons are in office for life, but the lay members are subject to election every six years. A great meeting was held in the edifice, on the 13th of August last, at which the Earl of Belmore presided-- the object of the meeting being to organise some movement for obtaining the funds required. These steps, taken for the purposes of public worship, have proved to be successful, for St. Andrew's is to be consecrated to-day. St. Andrew's Cathedral is of comparatively small dimensions, for it is, within the walls, lather less than 160 feet long by 62 feet in breadth, the transept being 110 feet long by 14 feet only. It, of course, will bear no proportion, in point of size, to the great Cathedrals at home, but in its appropriate decoration and internal arrangement it is considered, by competent judges, to bear comparison with many such structures of a far greater size. The whole building (choir and nave) is not more than eight feet longer than the great choir of Chichester Cathedral; but it is, on the other hand, eight feet longer than Oxford Cathedral altogether, and not more than 20 feet less, in its entire length, than that of Bristol. It consists of a nave, choir, and sacrarium, and north and south transepts. It was a part of Mr. Blacket's plan to have had a low lantern tower at the intersection of the cross, but that design has, it is believed, been abandoned. There are to be two towers at the west end of the nave, and pinnacles are to be added along the top of the outside walls. In the choir there are nine windows ; three in the north wall and three in the south ; and two similar windows on either side of the Oriel. In the north transept there are three windows, and in the south is the organ and whatever openings for light are required. In the lower part of the nave are ten large windows (five in each lateral wall) and two similar windows on either side of the Apostles' window in the western front—all (thirteen in number) filled with richly stained glass. Besides these windows the entire church is still further lighted with clerestory windows corresponding to those we have mentioned. It is a Gothic building in what is usually known as the later Decorate Style, inclining, in some of its exterior details, to the Perpendicular. Although it is to be the Cathedral, or Mother Church, of the whole diocese, it will also have to serve for the purposes of a Parochial Church for the ecclesiastical parish of Sr. Andrew, one of the central districts of this city. In proceeding to describe the interior we shall begin by observing (what has above been noticed) that on the north pillar, next to the enclosure of the Communion Table, is inscribed the name of the late Dr. Broughton as Bishop of Australia, the name of Dr. Barker, the present Bishop, being carved, in a similar manner, upon the corresponding pillar, on southern side. The six pillars in the nave bear the names and 'designations of the Metropolitan and Suffragan Bishops who met, in this colony, in Conference, in I860. They are in order as follows:—William Grant Broughton, Bishop of Sydney and Metropolitan; George Augustus Selwyn, Bishop of New Zealand ; Francis Russell Nixon, Bishop of Tasmania; Augustus Short, Bishop of Adelaide ; Charles Perry, Bishop of Melbourne : and William Tyrrell, Bishop of Newcastle. From the official account which has been published 'we learn that all the stained glass windows of this church, twenty-six in number, are (with three exceptions) the gifts of individuals; and it needs, no one to inform those who have visited the building that most of these windows are in the highest style of modern art. The windows on the south side of the nave, or body of the church, present. the Miracles of the Saviour, the corresponding windows on the north being illustrative of our Lord's Parables. The two western windows represent the Transfiguration of Christ, and the Baptism of our Lord--the latter being at the extremity of the northern aisle next to the baptistery. The two corresponding window, at the east end of the two side aisles, are the Last Supper, and the Resurrection. The windows on the north side of the choir represent the events in our Saviour's life prior to his ministry, whilst the windows opposite are devoted to events after the Crucifixion. Thus a connected series has been given in the designs, so as to harmonise throughout. THE THREE LARGEST WINDOWS--(1) The western window represents the Apostles and Apostolic men Simon, James the Less, Andrew, Barnabas, Matthias, and Jude, in the upper row. Thomas, James, John the Baptist, Stephen, Philip, and Bartholomew, in the middle row. Peter, Matthew, Mark, Luke, John, and Paul, in the lower. This beautiful window is the gift of Mr Thomas S. Mott, of Greenoakes. Cost, £576. \--(2) The northern window (end of the transept) was presented by the late Mr Charles Kemp. Upper row--Behold the Lamb of God, Call of St Andrew, Call of St Peter. Middle row--Receive ye the Holy Ghost, Day of Pentecost, St Andrew preaching. Lower row--Crucifixion of St Andrew, Crucifixion of our Lord, Crucifixion of St Peter. Cost, £329.-- (3) The oriel or great eastern window represents the following subjects, in 21 compartments; there being three rows, and seven lights, or compartments in each \--Two Disciples following Jesus; they came and saw where He dwelt; the Ascension; Andrew finding Simon; he brought him to Jesus; calling of Andrew and Simon; feeding of the Five Thousand; Ordination of the Twelve Disciples; Andrew and Philip with the Greek Worshippers; the Good Shepherd; Jesus foretelling the Destruction of Jerusalem; the Day of Pentecost; Andrew crossing the Euxine; Christ's injunction Feed my Sheep. The three central lights, in the uppermost row, represent the Ascension; the three corresponding lights, in the middle row, the Miracle of the Loaves and Fishes; and the three central lights, in the lowest row, the Day of Pentecost. This window was erected partly by Cathedral funds, and partly by special subscriptions, in memoy of Bishop Broughton. The total cost of this window was £812. TRANSEPT WINDOWS--The eastern window of the north transept was erected by the members of the legal profession, in memory of the late Mr Justice S. F. Milford and Mr Justice Edward Wise; both of whom died in 1865. It contains illustrations from the Life of Samuel; each having the the text referred to (from the 1st book), in the following order. The 12th chapter, 24th verse; the 7th chapter, 16th verse; and the 3rd chapter, 9th verse. The armorial shield on northernmost light is that of Mr Justice Milford, having the date of his death, 26th May, 1865, encircling it. That on the southern light is the shield of Mr Justice Wise, with the date of his death, 28th September, 1865. This window is by C Clutterbuck, Maryland Point, Stratford; and the total cost of its erection was £102. The opposite window (western side of the transept) is by Lavers, and Barraud, Enders street, Bloomsbury. It was erected to the memory of Captain John Pike--formerly of the 73rd Regiment, but afterwards a settler near Merton on the Hunter--by his widow. Captain Pike died at Tours, in France, about six years ago, bequeathing large sums in charity, to various colonial institutions. The subject of this window is the Supper at Bethany; Mary annointing the feet of Jesus; taken from St John's Gospel, 12th chapter, 7th and 8th verses--which are inscribed beneath the picture. CLERESTORY WINDOWS--The smaller window in the north transept, on the western side behind the pulpit, is to the memory of the late Mr William Macpherson, of Blairgowrie in Scotland, for many years the holder of various public offices in this colony. He died at the residence of his son, Mr Allenn Macpherson (by whom the window is erected), on the 11th March, 1866, aged 81. The subjects are, Moses lifting up the Serpent, John the Baptist preaching in the Wilderness, and Abraham offering up Isaac. The manufacturer is C Clutterbuck, and the cost of erection, £64. The corresponding window in the south transept (near the organ), is erected by the legal profession (of which he was so long a member) in memory of Mr James Norton, for above thirty years Registrar of the Diocese. He was born at Ore Place, in Sussex, England, and died at Elswick, in this colony, on the 31st August 1862, aged 67. The window opposite (eastern side of the same transept) is erected by members of the legal profession, and other friends, in memory of Mr Robert Johnson, a member of the Legislative Council. who was born in London, on the 17th December 1812, and died at Brooksby, Double Bay, on the 6th November, 1866. NAVE AND CHOIR WINDOWS--The window representing the Last Supper, on the north side of the altar, was presented by Mr John Campbell and Mr Charles Cowper; the corresponding window, on the south side, representing the Resurrection, was presented by Mr S K Salting. On the south side of the choir are three windows. The first window represents the women at the sepulchre, the appearing of Christ to Mary Magdalen, Mary telling the Apostles, and Peter and John at the Sepulchre. This was presented by the executors of Mr Thomas Moore. The second represents the three Marys at the Sepulchre, they held Him by the feet, the journey to Emmaus, and the Supper at Emmaus. The cost of this window was defrayed by public subscription as a memorial to Mr Charles Kemp and Mr George K Ingelow. The third represents Thomas's Unbelief, his Adoration of Christ, Meeting at the Sea of Galilee, and Christ's Charge to Peter. This was presented by the family of the late Archdeacon Cowper. In the nave are the four windows representing the Miracles of Christ. The first window represents Christ Walking on the Sea, Healing on the sabbath-day, the Cure of the Leper and the Cure of the Infirm Woman. This window was presented by Mrs Edward Aspinal. The second represents Christ Casting Out a Devil, the Draught of the Fishes, the Blind Man Restored, and the Healing of Ten Lepers. This was presented by Mr Edye Manning and Sir William M. Manning. The third represents the Centurion s Servant Cured, Cure of Peter's Wife s Mother, Cure of Dumb Woman, and Cure of the Cannaanite Woman s Daughter. This was presented by Mr George Cox and Mr Edward Cox. Tlhe fourth represents the Cure of the Man sick of the Palsy, the Calming of the Sea, the Miracle of the Loaves and Fishes, and the Miracle in Cana of Galilee. This was presented by Mr Robert Tooth. Of the three west windows (besides the Apostles' window already described), that window representing the Transfiguration--at the end of the south aisle--was presented by the family of the late Deputy-Commissary General Laidley; that representing the Baptism of Our Lord, by the family of the late Sir James Dowling, C J; and that (on the north side of the baptistery), representing the Temptation, by the late Mr Thomas Whistler Smith. Proceeding up the north aisle of the nave, to the eastward, you come to the four windows representing the Parables of Our Lord. The first window represents the Sower, the Pharisee, and Publican, the Good Samaritan, and the Prodigal Son. This was presented by Mr. John Croft. The second represents the Unjust Judge, the King's Supper, the Unjust Steward, and the Wedding Garment. This was presented by Major General Sir Edward Macarthur. The third represents the Barren Fig-tree, the Ten Talents, the Lost Money, and Dives and Lazarus. This was also presented by Major General Sir Edward Macarthur. The fourth represents the Rescuing the Lamb, the Good Shepherd rejoicing, Go into My Vineyard, and This is My Heir. This was presented by Mr William Charles Wentworth. Re-entering the choir on the north aisle are the three windows representing Events before Christ's ministry. The first window represents The Annunciation, the Meeting of Mary and Elisabeth, the Birth of the Saviour, and the Angel Appearing to the Shepherds. This was presented by Mr George Macleay. The second represents the Magi seeing the Star, the Journey of the Magi, the Appearance of the Magi before Herod, and the Adoration of the Magi. This was presented by Sir Daniel Cooper. The third represents the Presentation in the Temple, the Flight into Egypt, the Visit to Jerusalem, and Jesus in the Temple. This was presented by Mr Henry Osborne. All of these magnificent windows are from the same manufactory, that of Messrs Johnn Hardman and Co of Birmingham. The cost of the three great windows has been already mentioned. That of the others varies from £206 for each of the choir windows, north and south, to £180, the price of each window in the nave , and £136 for each of the windows under the towers. MEMORIAL BRASSES--Most, if not all, of the stained glass windows are intended as memorials, but beneath several of them the name of the person commemorated also appears on a brass plate attached to the wall, beneath. The style in which these brasses are executed is of a highly decorative character, and in an architectural point of view they are unexceptionable; they improve instead of detracting from the general effect. BISHOP'S TOMB--The effigy of the late Bishop in his robes, and a facsimile of his tomb in Canterbury Cathedral (he having died while on a visit to England), are in the north choir isle. The inscription on the tomb is--"GULIELMUS GRANT BROUGHTON, Primus Episcopus Sydniensis, Australasiae Metropolitans: Obiit xx Feb. M.D.CCCLIII; Aetat LXV." The recumbent figure is a very striking likeness of the late Bishop. THE ORGAN.--This magnificent instrument (the powers of which are not unknown to the public) is the gift of the ladies of the diocese, and is placed in a gallery in the south transept. It was built in 1866, by Messrs. Hill and Sons, of London, under the direction of Dr. Monk, the organist of York Minster. It contains 37 stops, and 2374 pipes; and has 6 couplers and 7 composition pedals. The entire cost, including freight, (towards which Mr. R. A. Hunt and his family contributed £100,) insurance, duty, and charges for erection, has exceeded £2000. It was put together in the colony by Mr. C. J. Jackson, of Sydney, with the assistance, as architect, of Mr. W. H. Nash. The instrument is of the most delicate finish throughout. The pipe metal is of the superior kind called "spotted" metal. The compass of the manuals is from CC to A in Alt, fifty eight notes; and the compass of pedals CCC to F, thirty notes; the instrument having three manual organs and one pedal organ. Each of these is independent of, but may be connected with the others, for producing such qualities of tone as could not otherwise be obtained. The Great Organ, which contains 928 pipes, has the following slops: bourdon, 16 feet; open diapason (No. 1), 8 fe et; open diapason (No. 2), 8 feet ; stopped diapason, 8 feet; spitz flute, 8 feet; octave, 4 feet; harmonic flute, 4 feet; twelfth, 3 feet; fifteenth, 2 feet, mixture, 5 ranks; trumpet, 8 feet; clarion, 4 feet. The stops of the Pedal Organ, which has 240 pipes, are open bass, 16 feet; violone, 16 feet; sub bass, 16 feet; quint, 12 feet; violoncello, 8 feet; bass-flute, 8 feet; fifteenth, 4 feet; and trombone, 16 feet. There are 812 pipes in the Swell Organ, which has the following stops: bourdon, 16 feet; open diapason, 8 feet; stopped diapason, 8 feet; cone gamba, 8 feet; octave, 4 feet; fifteenth, 2 feet; echo cornet, 5 ranks; oboe, 8 feet ; horn, 8 feet ; and clarion, 4 feet. In the Choir Organ, there are 394 pipes and seven stops ; lieblich gedacht, 8 feet; dulciana, 8 feet; pierced gamba, 8 feet; gemshorn, 4 feet; lieblich flute, 4 feet; flautina, 2 feet; and clarionet, 8 feet. The instrument has six couplers:-- great organ to pedal organ, swell to pedal, choir to pedal, swell to great, choir to great, and swell to great (sub-octave). There are four composition pedals, for changing the stops of the great and pedal organs combined, and three composition pedals tor the swell organ. Wind is supplied by two large bellows, one of which is used for the pedal organ, the other for the three manuals. The quality of tone of all the stops is very fine. The harmonic flute, the oboe, and the clarionet, with the trumpet and clarion of the great organ, are exquisite. Each of the stops runs through the entire compass of the manual, or pedal organ, to which it belongs. The front pipes are elaborately decorated and tastely disposed. It stands in a handsome gallery of carved oak, with two gaseliers of polished brass and other appropriate ornaments. THE PULPIT.--The Pulpit was the gift of Mr. Robert Towns, presented in the joint names of himself and Mrs. Towns, their initials appearing accordingly on the panels in front. The carving of the ornaments on these panels, and of the acorns and oak leaves bordering the top, deserve especial mention. It was executed, as was also that on the lintel under the organ, by Mr. John Ferris, of Little Norton street. The cost of the pulpit, including the stairs and stone platform, was £270. The platform is formed of a solid block of Pyrmont stone, with the sacred monogram carved on the southern face. The pulpit is reached from the northern side by winding stairs, with a carved oak railing. THE FONT.--The Font placed in the north western tower opening was erected by the contributions (for the most part in very small sums) of children; the subscriptions being from such, exclusively, as had not yet been confirmed. Around the rim of the font are inscribed, cut in the stone, the following words, taken partly from xxxv. Ezekiel 25th verse, and partly from 2 Corinthians, 6th chapter and 18th verse. "I will sprinkle clean water upon you, and ye shall be clean; and I will be a Father unto you, and ye shall be My sons and daughters.'' And at the base, on the front step, is the following:--"The Offering of the children of the Diocese." The stone of the basin and capitals (resembling closely Caen stone), is from Otago, in New Zealand; and the pillars are of red Australian granite, from Gabo Island. The total cost was £250. Water is supplied to the basin, and removed from it, by concealed pipes. The font stands on a low platform of stone, to which access is had from the eastern and southern sides. All the details of this baptistery have been much admired. Whether viewed from the body of the church or from the northern aisle the font is certainly a most beautiful object. TILES Ann MARBLE FLOORING.--The elaborate marble and encaustic tile work covering the choir and space within the communion railing, with the steps leading thereto, is by the Messrs. Field, of London, executed under the direction of Mr. Gilbert Scott, R. A. The cost there, excluding incidental charges, was £867. As yet there are no tiles of a similar character in the nave and side aisles. Towards this beautiful ornamentation, the Metropolitan contributed, from funds at his disposal, the sum of £1000. SEATS IN THE CHOIR, &c.--The; choir desks, the cancelli, the episcopal throne, the sedilia, and the vestry screens at the eastern extremities of the side aisles, are all elaborately carved in American oak, and are by no means the least remarkable of the decorative details of this structure. Provision has been mode for lighting the interior during evening service by twenty gaseliers, formed of brass and ornamental iron work--all of which (except the two in front of the organ loft), are about 15 feet high. Of these gas standards there are six in the nave, six in the choir, two in the vestry screens, two in the tower opening, and two in the transepts. The corbels, hooded mouldings, and other more indispensable ornaments, are not unworthy of the edifice. The rafters of the wooden roof are picked out in different colours, the intervening spaces being painted blue, with gilded stars. The ornamentation of this, the main roof, and a similar treatment of the roof of the side aisles has been a great improvement upon the original plan. Access is had to the interior by four principal doorways:--one in the western front, facing York street ; one at the end of the north transept ; one at the south-western corner of the nave, and one at the extremity of the south transept under the organ. WORKMEN EMPLOYED.--The foreman of the joiners is Mr. W. H. Hudson. In addition to Mr. Ferris, the following carvers have been employed in the building \--Messrs. Hodgkin, Sanderson, Morris, Cunningham, Quill, Ward and Son, Tinkler, Bland, and Bernasconi; and the following joiners--Messrs. Moss, Bretnall, Sanbrook, Thackeray, Thursby, Thomas, and Robinson. The mason executing the work on the font, the pillar shafts excepted, was Mr. Benjamin Brain ; and the carving of the stone bosses, and names on the nave and choir pillars, was by Mr. Isaac Brown. The Eagle in the choir was carved by Mr. William Hodgkinson, and was the gift of Mr. Edward Oram. The carved pillar supporting the Eagle, serving as a lectern, was supplied by Mr. Hudson. In to morrow's paper we shall present our readers with a full report of the ceremony of opening the Cathedral. The consecration is to take place to-day, during morning service. 