CONCERT IN St. LUKE'S CHURCH, WALLSEND. From an Occasional Correspondent. On Monday evening we had the pleasure of hearing one of the most select concerts we have ever heard in this place. Although the audience was not so large as one would have thought from hucIi a laudable object, yet w-- have not seen a more respectable . and appreci ative audience at any previous concert. We believe tlie urico of admission was rather hierli for the times, and being a sectarian affair it was not -likely to be so well attended. The concert commenced about eight o'clock, by an overture from our old and esteemed friend, Mr. Lovell, and his four assistants, which was rendered in good style,' after which the Union, sang that beautiful glue ' Awake, iEolian Lyre' in excellent style. The next piece was a trio, ' The Blue 'Bells of Scotland,' but owing to one of the gentlemen not being pre sent when announced, it was passed on till a later hour, when it was very ably rendered by Messrs. House, Lovell, and Ross. The noxt piece was a-ronda, 'Tell me, Mary, how to Woo thee,' sung by Mr. P. Young. We must, in justice to Mr. Young; say that wo seldom or ever heard him in better voice than lustre veniug, and his perfect' rendering of the ab'ove VrijVde ft, undoubtedly, the gem of the evening. The choruses from ' Macbeth,' by the Union, were really excellent, and we are sure, with, a little more practice, they will be able to- sing ? them perfectly. Mr. Davis then gave ' The Ghost,' for which he received an encore. . Mr. Fnniug was, as usual, the old racy comic, convulsing the audience with his songs. Mr. C. Cleveland gave a recitation— r' The Ruinnd. Cottage' — in excellent style, his rendering of the various scuues in the poem being rare illustrations ot tho beauty of elocution, when handled by such nn eminent orator as Mr. Cleveland. Mr. R. P. House sung ' Donoise the Bravo ''? in a sweet strain, for which ho was loudly ap plauded. Tho beautiful quartette ' List to the Convent Bells,' brought to a close the first part of tho programme. The second part was opened as before, with an overture from Mv. Lovell aud his band, after which the madrigal — 'As it Fell upon a Day'— was well rendered by tho nuion ; after which Mr. T. Jones sang with his usual good taste,' ' Mother would Comfort Me.' The duot, by tho Messrs. Young — '-The Minuto Gun'' — was- very well sung and upplauded. The instrumental duet ' Nornia,' by Lovell and Son, is worthy of special mention for the masterly way in which they rendered tho very difficult runs and shakes in that excellent piece of music. Tho trio, ' Little Farm,' was well sung, and elicited loud bursts of applause, and the trio (from Flora Decks) was very well sung by Messrs. Young, Mackay, and Jonos. Mr. Craig's rendering of the ' Spanish Champion' was very well, but, we think, rather savouring of the pulpit than the stage. Mr.'Davis's was also well rendered, as was Air. lAining's, especially in tho ' Fino Old Irish Guiitloinan.' The choruses from Mac beth, in this part, were well done. The part, ' Wo ily by Night,' is worthy of special no tice, mid the glee ' Sleep Gentle Lady,' with tho^ singing of the National Anthem, brought to an end one/ of tho most agreeable evenings wo have spent for a loug time. During the evening the Ruw Spicur Wood read a vory spioy piece in the Yorkshire dialect, entitled ' Old John's Trip to Lun'on' (London.) The cordial vote of thanks passed to tlie singers and instrumentalists, was replied to by Mr. Mackay, on behalf of the Union, ami Mr. R. Jones on behalf of tho baud. This termi nated a most agreeable evening to all con cerned. 