CITY CORRESPONDENCE. Adelaide, Marck 12,1868. The Mayoralty of George Coppin, as Pasquin lias it, is not offering well. He has never got the Town Hall decently filled yet; and so ashamed have the Corporation become of its yawning emptiness, that a calico marquee lias been erected inside; to prerent the audience losing sight of themselves. At first it was impossible to hear beyond the third seat of the dress cricle, and anything that was to be heard generally rose straight up from the stage and disappeared among the plaster cupids overhead. The stage was roofed in-then it became pGTsible to hear at the back of the dress circle, and even a little in the second seats; all beyond were left in utter incompre hensibility, and the gods might as well too be stone deaf, as have to doubt the negative evidence of their senses. With the assistance of a Corpo ration grant a false roof has been erected, reach* ing from the proscenium back to the front of the gallery. - Thus after a week of lost time, both to Coppin 'and to Adelaide, we can say that we have a deeent theatre. All the architectural beauty of the roerm is of course destroyed, and the perfor manc&jmaglit;, as far as that goes, be given in a circus; but the stage arrangements are exquisite, and the properties are worthy of a much better company. It is impossible to conceive on what primaple Mr. Coppin selected the satellites of his great tragicstar,contrariety, I presume, or the more professional principle of counterfoil. It had been assumed that Mr. Anderson would monopolize all the dramatic taste which Adelaide could command, and that the enthusiasm of the "farinaceous village" would require to be restrained rather than incited-a woeful mistake, as Mr. Coppin discovered the first night of the season. In the whole company there are not more than half-a* dozen, wild look as if they had ever before faced the footlights ; this has given some unexpected variety to the pieces, for every tragedy has had a veil) of unintentional humour in it, and every comedy has had a tragic turn. Mr. Coppin must have become convinced of his error, for it is stated to-day that he is off to Melbourne to pick up " fulling stars." And the great tragedian, Ander son-what is he ? Why, he .is a rather big man, -with the true Kemble strut, and the drum elocu tion of Macready. He believes, it is said, that the ipantle of Macgeady has fallen directly upon him; but I do not much envy him the inheri tance. It came rather late in the day, for public taste has began to undergo a change with regard to the tragic stage ; the mock classic style has been carried too far, and a new style has arisen, which at liberating tragedy from the tradi tions of the green-room. Even John' Kemble might, now harangue to empty benches were such an actor as Fechter in competition with him. The English public are declaring in favour of the. transition, -and the Victorians have empha tically done the same. In Melbourne Anderson. began, simultaneously with Montgomery and Fechter,\&e.;, and had to beat a premature retreat to the Provinces. It was at one tima thought that the contest might be renewed here; but Adelaide is apparently not in a fit state of purse for so expensive an amusement. If Montgomery visits us at all, it will be only to read in White's Rooms, perhaps. Mr. Anderson's engagement appears to close on Saturday, when in all proba bility he will take farewellof the Australian stage. If he could be persuaded to let alone Hamlet, he would I believe rank higher as an actor j here it did him more harm than he could overcome in a month, notwithstanding the genuine ability he has shown in other characters. Bulwer Jjytton's melodramas are about his proper range-Claude Melnotte being the best we can remember, and Evelyn also very good of its kind. Politics after fine arts, you say." We have at present almost no politics in the city; you are monopolizing that article in the provinces. Hardly even a candidate have you left to us. Santo smelt brimstone in East Adelaide, and, like a good Calvinist, has betaken himself to the milder latitude of Barossa. Mr. Reynolds is for the nonce "the last rose of summer blooming alonebut the Reform Association is still de termined to take the bloom out of him. They have not as yet selected the "old hat," which, in Higginbotham fashion, is to be put up against him. Mr. Boucaut apparently hopes to be the coming man, though he has not decided in what particular direction, or on what particular prin ciples to come it. A short time ago he was accused by his West Adelaide constituents of being a round man in a square hole; and in en deavouring to get out of that difficulty, he is likely to come to the ground between two stools, lib rising politician has ever acquired a reputa tion so easily as he, and none could have made greater havoc of it. Coming out under the colours of the Political Association as a double red, his first taste of office turned Vnm so conser vatively blue that his old friends ceased to know him. On retiring from office he came out in piebald form, like the clown in the circus-one side blue and the other red. At present he is in doubt which to retain, or whether he had better not wash out both and repaint a protectionist yellow. He has got himself a requisition from I West Adelaide, and has another circulating in ! East Adelaide among the Native Industrials. The question is whether Beer or Bonuses will be the safer horse to mount. The city awaits his decision. Mr. Raphael awaits it with double im patience j for if Boucaut crosses the street there might be an opening for him. Mr. Reynolds is sick at heart waiting for it, lest a skedaddle like Santo should be deemed advisable for him. The only city candidate whose course is clear is Fuller. Heisasingle-mindedman, andstickstoBeer. If the West End Brewery should not be opened upon him, he will remain to the last a stanch defen dant of the publican interest. It is quite possible that the election may be a fluke after all; for though many are lavish of their tongues, few find their purses deep enough for the liberal expec tations of the free and enlightened. One-half of the constituencies are likely to see walkovers, notwithstanding the diversity of land schemes and Northern Territory doctrines paraded at public meetings. There, we have stumbled once more on that Northern Territory business. The ghost of our past folly is beginning to haunt us, and there seems to be no escape from him hut by paying his little bills. He has been; frightening the Cabinet into daily fits during the recent warm weather. He has been causing some candidates to make great fools of themselves, and of the con stituencies which they aspire to represent. When it has become physically impossible to avoid a breach of contract, we wish to go in for a modi fied swindle. The Government are urged to survey the 300,000 acres of land anyhow and anywhere, and to tell the land-order holders to help themselves. It is rumoured that the insane advice is in danger of being accepted; and from a Government point of view, it is the easiest, safest thing that can be done. Contract with some adventurer of a land surveyor to have the 300,000 acres ready by March next, and send home instructions to the Agent-General that it will be ready. When the five years expire there may be 300,000 acres surveyed, in which case land- order holders will swear that they too are swindled into purchasing land which is not worth settling upon. Should the survey be bungled, as there are nine chances out of ten of its being, the landorder holders will be rushing to the Supreme Court for redress, and Judge Gwynne will give them Yerdicts as fast as they can apply for them. The unsuccessful surveyor will return to enliven the embroglio with a little extra liti gation; and the Moonta case will be forgotten by the lawyers in the new harvest of fees and costs. The cry against returning the money is being raised chiefly by men who are to blame for pre venting a compromise two years ago. The undertaking was damned beyond retrieval when McKinlay returned from the East Alligator. The Blyth Ministry seeing this, proposed a series of resolutions which which would have wound it up creditably, and without great expense to the colony; the Legislative Council approved of them, hut the Assembly voted for continuing the fool's play. Then came Captain Cadell, with his " circumambient radiance," which has melted the last £20,000 in the Northern Territory Treasury. Those who demand a survey should remember that all future expenses must come out of the South Australian revenue 5 and whether we at tempt to compromise with the land-order holders, or to stave them off with a sham fulfilment of the contract, there will be a heavy cost to bear. 