CHURCH RATES The daily papers have received Mr. Gladstone's Church-rate But with much favour, and all seem to think that it will be accepted by the House of Lords. Mr. Gladstone will once more carry a off the palm by settling the most irritating controversy' of this generation. The Guardian approves of it. The Record spotters about it like a man when he has a part in his mouth which he de- tests, but knows he must swallow, and is afraid to let it fairly enter his throat. The Ritualist papers regard the loss of Church-rates with great equanimity, fancying, perhaps, that they see a possible advantage to their own schemes in the wording of Mr. Gladstone's bill; but the high-and-dry school cannot bring their minds to it. The John Bull would "far rather accept Mr. Hardcastle's bill for total abolition, than this mockery of a compromise,'' and calls upon the Church party to bestir themselves to get Mr. Gladstone's bill referred to a Select Committee that is, to smother it The most liberal of our provincial contemporaries can find nothing to object to in that sixth clause of the ball at which the Committee of the Liberation Society stumble. Thus- the Norfolk News says -.-" We- can see no reason why Churchmen should not 'subscribe for the support of their church, nor any reason why having subscribed, they should not be compellable in law to make good the promises binding in honour's Nor we either, English Independent. THE ghost of Sir R-P-rises : " Thou but it now. Ring, Cawdor, Glamm, all As the weird women prophesied and I fear Thou play'dst most foully fort." " I am not the dupe of the Marquess of Carabas I am not, I trust, the dupe or tool of anyone whatever. Believe me, sir, there is that at work in England which, taken at the tide, may lead on to fortune. I see this, sir I a young man, uncom- mitted in political principles, unconnected in public life, feeling some confidence, I confess, in my own abilities, but desirous of availing; myself, at the same time, of the powers of others. Thus situated, I find myself working for the same end as my Lord Carabas, and twenty other men of similar calibre, mental and moral ; and, sir, am I to play the clarinet in the drama of life, because', perchance, my fellow actors may be sometimes footed oocMtoaaür knaves official Grey. 