DESTRUCTION OF HER MAJESTY'S .- THEATRE, LONDON. fcv On the night of Friday, Dec. b', one of the handsomest, certainly, if not the finest, theatre on London went the way of all theatres, and was burnt to the ground in less than two hours. ? The fire was first observed at about a quarter . io 11 o'clock and shortly after the first alarm all the neighbourhood knew it far and near, for the theatre was one gigantic mass of flame in a few . ttinutes. Anything like attempts to save pro perty, that is to say, the properties in the theatre . —was out of the question, for the interior glowed like a furnace, and the flames, darting through the slight roof, created a draught which instantly made all hope of saving either the building ©r anything in it totally impossible. The fire 'Caused its own alarm, and large draughts of metropolitan police from Scotland- yard were instantly detached, under the command of Mr. Superintendent Walker and Mr. Kettel. The supply of water seemed ample, and fire-engine after hre-engine as they came rapidly up were, tinder the directions of Captain Shaw, at once got into the best positions for checking the spread of the flames, for all hope of extinguishing them at their source was hopeless. The glare at this time Was Been all over the metropolis, and tens of thou \- bands flocked from all points towards the great ? centre oi the disaster, while cabs, carriages, and «ven waseons blocked the thoroughfares which led to it. In a short time the steam tire-engines Were in full work, and as fast as the now it is to be hoped obsolete hand engines arrived they too Were set to work. Ihe steam engines threw ' volumes of water with tremendous force, and where their jets fell they seemed to explode in clouds of steam. Not so with the hand engines; which required some 30 soldiers to work them, and the feeble dribble from which was easily directed and governed by one man. The theatre was the main source of the whole fire. As is always the case with theatres, it burnt like a tar-barrel, bub. as usual, left a mass of flame and heat which worked ' quickly and surely through into the surrounding buildings. House after house around it was gutted, in spite of all the efforts of the firemen. The flames, however, were well within control, and the engines were principally used to keep the walls of the main building cool, for in many places 'they were bulging ominously. Still, from this Work they had every now and then to be diverted as fresh flames appeared in the houses around. It ? has always been said that Her Majesty's Theatre was so provided with large water tanks t-n the roof, that anything like danger to the building from fire was impossible. What these tanks were doing it is impossible to say; but one, at least, when the flames reached ifc, burnt with a fierce flame like so much straw. That there could have been any water in it is impossible. Of , the theatre itself, one of the finest in the worljd, nothing remains but the bare, roofless walls, the immense masses of charred materials in indescribable confusion covering the whole space on which the building stood. All the edstly properties, all the wardrobes of the es tablishment have perished, as have also the or chestra, the grand pianos, and a musical library of incalculable value, which had taken years to collect. Madame Titiens alone has lost jewel lery worth from £1000 to £1200, in addition to all her magnificent stage drebses. The grand vn.gau, rruwu tuon iiva-uy s&ouu;, ailU. »U uae Stage ; ?:;, *3enery and decorations, painted for the most part by Telbin, Grieve, and Calcott, have been destroyed, and the whole fabric, with all its sur Jpoundings, is in ruins. By an odd circumstance the only thing which has survived the general wreck is the dress in which the ghost in .Don Giovanni was wont to be played. The actual And prospective loss to Mr. Mapleson, line lessee, is estimated £12,000, and the disaster, as it affects him, is greatly aggravated by the fact of his not having been insured to the amount o? a single shilling. He was about to effect an in surance, but ib had not been completed. The. large duty chargeable upon theatrical properties Is understood to have previously deterred him. 2a the course of Saturday, Dee. *7, her Majesty, through the Lord Chamberlain, sent a messaye to him expressive of her sympathy and regret, and a . telegram from Sandringham, in similar terms, accompanied by an expression of hope that no lives had been lost on the occasion, was . .-£? ; received from his Royal Highness the Prince of 'its '»**? ttt, ? ? ii 1 1 ? Sympathy for His Holiness. — The Roman Catholics of London assembled in great numbers ' on Wednesday, Dec. 4, at a public meeting in St. James'a-hall, for the purpose of expressing sympathy with the Pope in his present trying eurcunurtwnces. Amonget those present were Archbishop Manning, Bishop Grant, Lord Den bigh, Lord Aruridell, Sir G. Bowyer, Sir C. Clifford, and other members of the Catholic aris tocracy, together with a great Dumber of eccle siastics. Dr. Manning, who presided, address ing the assembly, said that they were met to condemn the efforts of the revolutionists at Rome as an outrage and sacrilege both against the Pope and the Catholics of England. The present meeting had been demanded by the voices of about 11,000 people, and it was just that the whole Catholic world should make it self heard upon the subject. The King of Prussia, whea consulted upon the matter, had declared, that the Roman question ought to be settled in a manner satisfactory to the feelings and dignity of his Catholic subjects ; and it was only iust that the feelines and aspirations of the 6,000,000 inhabitants of this kingdom who ac knowledge the Pope for their spiritual head should be consulted in a like manner. When opinion was divided upon mere matters of poli tics he would not interfere ; but in matters of principle, where the dignity of his religion was concerned, he would engage in any contest. We had heard much of Italian unity and aspirations, but we had only just been reminded (in a French despatch) that Ehere was a Ca tholic world. He hoped that the move ment just begun in that hall would spread throughout every nation of which Catholics formed a part. Rome was not the capital of Italy, {but of Chriotendom ; every Catholic had a direct interest in the maintenance of its inde pendence, and they were assembled to deny the right of Italy to absorb it. He had frequently beard from- the lips of the Pope himself that he only esteemed his temporal power as essential to the free exercise of his spiritual functions : and he was sure the Pope would lay down his life rather than give up that temporal power. It was the duty of every Christian government to protect Rome. We had been told that the En glish Government was the best upon earth and Rome the worst. He (the archbiBhop) accepted the first part of the proposition, reserving,, how ever, unlimited private judgment, but he utterly rejected the second. He .maintained 'that the government of the Pope was thoroughly just and merciful, and he claimed that it should be guaranteed, like that of Belgium, by all the Christian Powers. Unless Rome was at peace there could be no peace in Europe, and he would remind all those who advocated the part of re volutionists that no usurper or conqueror had interfered with the Pope without having been humbled. Five resolutions were then put to the meeting expressing devotion to the Holy Father, abhorence of the designs of his enemies, and admiration of the Papal Zouaves. After wards, an address embodying the spirit of the resolutions, to be forwarded to the Pope, was read by Lord Denbigh and approved by the meeting. 