THE ORGAN OF THE FREE TRADE LEAGUE AND THE SQUATTERS. (Prom the Economist, Feb. 21.) For some years past a rather melancholy spectacle has been exhibited in Collins-street. A newspaper which, at one time, had not merely achieved the largest circulation in the Southern Hemisphere, but secured the confidence of the great mass of the people; whose progress was so rapid that, with pardonable conceit it was almost justified in saying', " Come on, great Times "—has been suddenly arrested in its career, and suffers from premature decay. -Doubtless its type and paper are improved, and it is favored with a large number of advertisements. As a commercial speculation it may still be profitable, but in every other respect it is only the ghost of its former self. It 110 longer receives and it no longer deserves the confidence of the people. Probably it may be said, and with truth, that the department of news is still most effective, that the reports are faithful and full, that the commercial and shipping intelligence is accurate and complete, and that the (own) correspondents of the paper in the colony and elsewhere, do their duty. It may be even said with truth that very many of the leading articles are excellent of their kind. Withal, however, no colonist who has been here ten years will deny that the Argus is no longer a power in the State, but, on the contrary, is a byeword for impotence as a political organ. It is not for us to enquire too curiously how this has come about-, or to reveal, if we knew tiiem, the secrets of the prison-house. But we think we can explain in a few words, without any such revelations, the proximate cause of the tremendous fall of the Argus from its position as a political power. The best mode of illustration is to compare it with the Times, and we ask,—What is the secret of the prodigious influence exercised by the latter journal throughout the civilized world 1 It is the superior knowledge of its leader writers. It has been a wise maxim of the proprietors of that journal, to employ as their contributors, not merely men who can write well, but men who possess superior special knowledge. The talent of clever writing is a very common faculty, as is shown by the myriad brilliant works of fiction, and treatises on politics, philosophy, and every department of literature, with which the press is overcrowded. But we speak within bounds when we say that not one man in a million is fitted to write the leaders of the Times. The question arises—how is the work accomplished ? We answer, by the fulfilment of two. conditions—1. Division of labor. 2\. By no writer being employed unless he lias special knowledge of his subject. The writers in the Times are experienced men, and thorough adepts on the subjects entrusted to them. For an article in the Times on finance, for example, or on a mercantile subject, it is absolutely necessary that' the writer should be as familiar as a Gladstone or a Baring, with all its details; otherwise, on 'Change, the Times would be treated with ridicule and contempt, and a week of ignorance or absurdity would be almost fatal to its reputation. In order to maintain the prestige of the Times, the writers must not merely possess an intimate knowledge of past history, and of the British constitution, but they must be intimately cognisant of the men of the time, of the various political parties, and of the secret springs of public action. It is evident that the men who write must long have resided in or near the political arena, and must, so to speak, have served their apprenticeship in the workshop. What would be said of the Times if it imported its writers periodically from New York, Calcutta, or Melbourne, to enlighten London on English politics 1 Such a course would be considered mere lunacy. We have _heayi-it stated that none but Englishmen are employed in the Bank of England. It is absolutely certain, at all events, that all the articles of the English press are of exclusively native production ; and we would say further, that a contrary practice would be the surest prelude to the destruction of the power and influence of the English fourth estate. Is it necessary, after the above description, to compare the British press with our Argus 1 or is it necessary to give one word of explanation as to the decline of its influence 1 It is notorious that the articles of the Argus, able as they frequentty are, being the production of men of exclusively English ideas, fall stale and flat upon tha public mind ; that they are frequently ridiculed or treated with silent " contempt. And that, even when a really good article on a colonial subject, and treated from a colonial point of view, appears, it rereceives a great deal less attention than it deserves, simply from the suspicion that it is not genuine; that it is of the same stamp as the multitude of others in the same columns which would he equally applicable to the wants of Paris, or St. Petersburg]), as to those of Melbourne. The results of the Argus management are, in one sense, fortunate. If that journal unfortunately has been rendered impotent for good, it is equally impotent for evil. Still it is necessary to watch its utterances ; for it is bad policy to despise even a contemptible enemy. It is on this principle that we notice the late attacks of the whilom leadingjournal on the pastoral interest, and its lucubrations on our land policy. In another article, to which we direct the attention of our readers, we have discussed the stupendous blunders of the Queensland democracy, lovingly adopted by the Argus, and recommended for adoption in Victoria. Consequently, we do not require here specially to notice this illustration of American prejudice, or English vulgar error, imported into Australia ; but we desire to say a few words upon the policy of the Free Trade League organ, in endeavoring by such means, on the eve of an election, to enlist the sympathies of the masses with and for its party. The discussion, by the Free Trade organ, throughout the whole struggle has been entirely from an English point of view; and has been, in a colonial point of view, intensely stupid. The writers of the Argus vividly illustrate the side of John Bull's character which foreigners love to ridicule. Despising and ignoring Mill's celebrated exception in favor of a new country, which was permitted, to a certain extent, to protect nascent industries, the Argus, in the rudest, most offensive, and most dogmatic terms, has denounced every one as an idiot who does not go the whole length of England. England has adopted a certain policy; therefore, in all circumstances, and in all cases, England must be right and all the world wrong. In fact, in a great measure, this fanaticism has been the political ruin of the journal. Up to this hour the Argus is the willing slave of the Free. Trade party, endorses and promotes its most questionable schemes, and its too frequently narrow and selfish policy. The Free Trade party thought that a sop to the mob, in conceding the demand of the selectors, that the rent be considered part payment of the purchase money, would help them at the elections. This scheme the leading; journal promoted, and thereby ruined it; for the free selector said,^ effect, Timeo Danaoset dona/erenies. It was thought by the Free Trade party that a good cry for the elections would be the announcement of a league of the squatters with the Government; this the obedient organ endorsed, and thus naturally ruined this littleIgame also; for so soon as the Argus announced it as a feet, the people disbelieved it. I inferring to our comparison with the Times, we ask^-what would be thought on 'Change, and throughout England if the Times were some morning to announce that the merchants, the manufacturers, the landed gentry, the shopkeepers of England, or any other large body, had made a corrupt league with Mr. Disraeli ? and yet the idea would not be more absurd to an Englishman than to an average colonist is the assertion, gravely made by the Argus and maintained notwithstanding repeated and flat contradictions to this hour, that the squatters have made a compact with the M'Cuiloch Government. The two cases are entirely parallel. The squatters are spread over as large a space, and have as little communication with each other as any of the English classes above-named ; and it is moreover absolutely certain that there has been no communication among themselves for any political purpose. Had there been suc-h, can it be doubted that some evidence of the fact would have been found and given when the Argus was dared to produce it ? But, after all, a grave question arises; and we are forcibly reminded of the story of the Confessor, who asked a stable boy if he ever greased the horses' mouths. The stable boy was innocent but afterwards profited by the hint. Our own opinion of the origin of the Argus calumny simply is, that the M'Cuiloch administration and their organ the Age, perhaps independently, have been led to see the folly of viewing Australia through the mists of Am Sri can prejudice or English error; that they are beginning to understand that the laud question in Australia is one which should be treated entirely on its own merits. They perceive, though dimly, that agriculture in Australia is still an uphill and hazardous game, which should not be forced nor unnaturally fostered. Above all, that an existing interest, beneficial to the country, should not be sacrificed for the sake of one which is in embryo, and which experienced colonists believe cannot be developed. Practical men know that these ideas are sound, but seen through the Euglish spectacles of the Argus, any indication of approval of them is considered proof positive of a compact with the squatters. j\ T ow, at first, this idea of a compact with the M'Cuiloch administration, was scouted by us as a vile defamation; but, on second thoughts, we see nothing in the idea at all repulsive. If the Free Trade party will have it, let it be so; and were this wretched Darling grant out of the way, we candidly confess we would much rather be in the hands of Mr. M'Cuiloch than in those of Mr. Duffy, or of Mr. Duffy's associates. At all events, Mr. M'Cuiloch is a man of business; he has been sufficiently long in Australia to understand the relative advantages and prospects of grazing and agriculture; and we firmly believe that., so long as he is in power, there is no chance of Parliament committing such an atrocious folly as the passing of a Homestead Act. "We have no wish to say an)"thing unfriendly of the Argus. The worm that is trodden upon has its feelings, and so, doubtless, have the pastoral tenants of the Crown; but,, in our humble opinion, the Argus has been the worst enemy to the Free Traders, and is, at this moment, a tower of strength to the M'Cuiloch administration, as well as a potent friend of the pastoral interest. We do not see any reason why the pastoral tenants should quarrel with or revile the Argus; and at the same time we do not see an)' reason why the pastoral tenants should not profit by the hint that has been given to them. 