OUB EPISCOPAL VISITORS. . We had no fewer than three . bishops preaching in Melbourne on ' Sunday, the 8th November. The Bishop of Liohfield preaohed at . St. James's in the forenoon ; Christ Church, Sooth Yurra, in the afternoon'; and St. Mary's, Hotham, in the evening. The Bishop of. Wellington preaohed at Trinity Church in the morning, and at St. Peter's in the evening. The announcement that the Bishop of Lichfield was, to preach at St. James's Church drew a large number to that place of worship on Sunday morning. The crowd was so large that it was impossible to find accommodation for all in the pews, and the forms which were- intro? duced into the aisles were occupied as fast os I they wero deposited. . The audience, compriBeot representatives of every denomination, and in I whatever direction ono looked might bo Been persons who may % briefly described as local I notabilities. The secret, of the .attraction I manifested on this occasion is not far to seek. I Bishop Selwyn is' not an ordinary man,' nor I even an ordinary bishop. ? In his, case it is not the office whioh has given ' him prestig'e, but tho character of : the man Who has been called to the office. Forsaking the comforts of an English home, tho advantage, of high social I position, and. the prospeot ot rapid promotion which* might ,. be considered secured by his aristocratic connection, he. early . devoted him-; self to the arduous and obscure work of a, mis sionary amongst .savage tribes ;v; and for six and twenty years he has kept at his post, labor ing with a measure. .of zeal, perseverance ,aud success surpassed by few of .the moat , famous missionaries either in ancient ,j6f modern times; Nor has his work been', merely, that ot _a. .mis- sionary. ; for in the . constant' ware 'ftgljftgexii ti'§ natives of New Zealand and *.tjie canonists no has aoted the part of /poace-makeg,' and to his honor be it said that not seldom has lie (exposed himself to the hatred .ot.the polonists by.his earnest pleading for .native \iljjQiaZ.l\\\ti&,:l£~'jL remarkablp man every* -way ; eq'uallyvdiatin-. guished for his nthletio.. vigor,, his. .intellectual adaptability, and his Spivit', of .philtintbropy. As tho congregation disperaeil after the (se'r vice on Sunday, they got together ^n'.little^'otB,' and each one had some story to tpnjUustnitiVo I of the physical and mental., manliness; ql ! ? the preacher they had been tolieor..: \ PeopYo.jyio had read Miss Yongo's .M-.Dais'y^h'aiji?,! s'eepaed! to, have got it into , their \headW tliat BiBh'op Selwyn , is the original^ N,OJJmau;JMCay,.Jcff.It^er novel:; it is probable^ ,ffiatt their, impresVionia correct. As to the 'sj'^rmon jfmen ' he - preached at St. James's on Sunday morning, we have room.' for nothing tint tlio slighteatfiint of its purport.' Referring1 at., th£,;patset to some, of .the mysteries , of, . t Divine' . , providence',', ;, which! occasion .murmuring, ..on tour part, '''US' thought the most ; feasible' a'oluiipn,. of bheae mysteries was ,,to /be .found in tn'e^, hypothesis that, the scheme of , Providence contemplated a gradual and..:progre8sivo development from a ^tato 6l .imperlection,' and that happiness did : notjConsistjn^ho actual:' attainment ;pf perfec tion } but , ij£ ,t ha . . lVcipef ul pur^ait-g; it\ : : 'jAj^pJy. ing .this doctrine to ^circum'^an^esi of .apparent' failm;o and actu^disnppointnjeflt,' he proceeded to exhort his hearers t,o maintain confidence, per severance arid hopefulness in every work which as, Christian men they had to do in the world, The ,B.ormon, , though by no means, .brilliant considering, it morely,as , an .injollectual. per. formance, ,w?p- .marked, by certain, ph'aracjfceris-, tics, which are essential in eVery,pu'bIio.aac[fessl tliat isiwort^ 'listening, to. , It, was .specially ire rriarkabla : for .its' fitness to the occasion., , The great fault , of most sermons is, that, howovor suitable.., thioy might huvo been two hundred years,. ago,' they are oujjof placo now. . ;They are^egregious anachronisms. vThe.oonspicuous merit of the bishop'-a sermon was it's- being the utterance. of a man' who is evidently, in fou rapport yiitii the time in which we live, , and the circumstances witH which we have.'jo deal.. His illaatrations, and Kb bad many, ware chiefly drawn from the kind.oi life withwhioli we ar,o familiar in .tho colony.', Tho attontiori' of the' audienpe.i never flagged for a moment, .not- wittistanding the oxnanstion/they haj(, to. en dnre.in sitting tjirougl) tho long service 'which'' precedes tho, sermon ia the Abglican Church; In the' evening his Lordship .preached in St. Mary's Church, Hothara, which was' opened Sunday for the first jtimo Hinco the addition of the new transept' and nave. Thu building, whioh now presents a noblo and beautiful ap pearance in the interior, was quite crowded, and many persona wero unable to obtain sitting room. There was fall choral evening service, conducted according to High Church cere monial, the responses being intoned and the prayers read or rather chauntod. The collection after the sorvico amounted to £18 3a . 3d. The Bishop of Tasmania ?prbuchod tho morning ser mon in Biohraond, on the occasion of tho cele bration of the seventeenth anniversary. The church .was crowded, and the bishop took his text from 5th Ephesians 19, 20 verses. At the afternoon service, the Snnduy schools at St. Stephen's, Cremorno, and Buolnngham-plnco, were assembled,- and addressed by . the , inpum bent, and between three and four hundred memorial books were distributed amongst the children. Tho. collection ,, during ;( tho. day amounted to £30,,nnd :w|ll bodovoted to the rodxiotJon of ^o 4eb^ of th.o ohurch jngriirad by I I- tho restoration ? of- tlio nave. - The BiRkop of Tasmania preaohed in the evening at All Saints' Church, St. Kilda, in aid of tho Melanesian Mission. Ho preached from 1 Timothy, chap. ! y.,. verses 24, 25, and in simple but forcible language impressed upon his hearers the neces sity of regulating their lives in the conscions ness that their most secret thoughts and actions cannot be bid, but will follow them to the Jadgr ment. It was. announced by the incumbent, tho Bev. Mr Gregory, that tho address of the, laity to Bishop Selwyn was lying in the vestry for signature. , , . . ?. ?,-,,'..??? ' His Lordship tho Bishop of Lichfiefd preaohed again on 9th November. The church selected for, the occasion .was St. Poter'a, and, as was to be expected, there was an immense crowd present, ; not , only, the pews ,and aisles being crammed, bat.veven, the doorways, and many had, to go away. . Thorp, was fall choral evening, seryioe. The Rev. H. H. Handheld, the incumbent, road sqoh of the prayers as wero not' intoned ; and the Bev. Messrs Gre gory and Bardin read the epistle and gospel, at ! the communion table. The Bishop preaehedirom Acts, chap, x, verso 34, 'ThenPeter opened his mouth, and said, ' Of a trath I perceive that God is no respactor of persons ; but that in every nation he that feareth Him and worketh righteousness is accepted of Him.',' The prttaqher's object was evident the moment the text was . announced. In the course of his evangelical labors he has too. often oncoun tered the unchristian apiritof exclusivenessand contempt for inferior races, not to feel that it is an obstacle in the ,wayj; calling for stern re buke,' and he. did rebuke it in whatever form it is apt to manifest itself. Two passages in the sermon were speoially memorable. Referring to the argument in support of slavery deduced from the inferiority of ihe African race,' lie exclaimed intones tremulous with emotion^: '}_ And this was the argument used by men whose Anglo-Saxon forefathers, at the very' time when St., Peter, was taught the lesson that God', lSj no respecter of ^persons, were regarded, as ..the, moat .abjedt savages , that were .brought into the, BomunyBiave, *norke£ 1',',. The other re markable passage,., was .at ,tho close, of the eermon,.,when, ,taking up the prevalent no I tibn iL,thatiit.the aboriginals of . , Aastra I liafi^ore, -utterly , unpivilisable, , and, .had I better.be allowed, to die, out thSn be. bothered I with'attempta on'.our part at converting them, . he 4enied:tbie inherent incapacity attributed to I th'em, questioned the ine vitablenoss of the doom I assjgned- to them',' hinted that it .was, a question I to.be left to .Providence ; and finally implored I ma hearers' that, just, as a inother did not de spwe r,h'er dying child, _ but ratiior. prayed I the _ more, earnestly the ne.^rpr : ,its. dedtii Beeme'd ., approaching, s,o might ., ihey, neye^ cea^'e, to, pray, and, labor, for ..thb^cbnyorsipn of , the. brack's so long , as, a single fanaily pf the I fape,_wA8,lefij in the land.,,. At .thi'e, close of |Jip] sermon a collection was madp in behalf pf ? the Meianesiau^MlBsipn,., \n Th'e Bishop i&'en'pfq- no,nuoedc the benediction and the large con gregation diBpersed. . ? . \ Jas'RI^!;a^Bl;r^^9^.-oF;.4:?DE:!i?ls^s., ? , y ,,»-,. .i.A' Iarge(it(o'dy,- br,;,th0, oJerg^.^and, ;laity.aftejr t^e sermon adjourned .£5Kft'e';,jsohool;rploin,' for ithe purpose, bi ;. rpreseDtmg - addresses tft.^Jns .,Loi;dship. (The, .school-room, (., was ^egsely,crp,\y;dea; His Eoydship the, Bishop; W«,,. addressed^, by, the .,Rey.;,.lMrrChM(e,' on behalf of the clergy,', in the folIo'wingierms.^TT; Rights Reverend Father m God, I, have been requested by the Very Reverend ttf'p',I-ean of Melbpurno, and ,,by .the clergy .present ^on this occasion ,; fb presen'^ €a you an ^'ddresa. ,|The p;panxo(iues(s nia|o stat^, that^ sudclen illness prei^fitB, hia},jita|i^..great;regret,,from being present; on tins pcoasion, and he fears .that the sapie. cause will prevent him accompanying you on j^ur embarkation. I have also %o express regret on the part of a large body of the clergy ijnat,. ,me ppDprjunity^oi^seenig.. ana Rearing y.ouv Lordship.: was n6^.na,ffprded ib.allin | the diocese; lor^^fejeLconadent that . without an exception then? name's wonld have, been added to ,t lie address which I am about to road. '.'To the Bight Reverend Father, in God, Q-eorge. AugUBtus, Lord:, Bishop of Liohfield Prunate .oi .^Newc^ealand.-^-May i£ ,please your ?..Lordship,— We,' ? ih'e^. priests and dea cons ,ef , i the ?, diocese of , Melbourne, are most t(hankf alto have this opportunity of welcoming your Lordship among us, anil, brief a's your stay necessarify is,, we are glad that we are ppr mitted; to. tender to; you , an assurance of the profound respect; and esteem, in which you are held.iby, us, in common with our brethren in the churph at large. It did not, indeed, need thegrntificatipu of seeing yon faoe to faco to make your Lordship .known and esteemed among usV. !The...remembranpe of . this, pleasure will but .strengthen , those ties by. whioh you are already, bound to the members of all the branches of our church, in those colonies. We desire to express, our ttiankfulness to Him from whom all. good counaels and all righteous works ? proceed for, ^your abundant labors in New Zealand, f,or the love of soula whioh im pelled you again and again to sail in a frail vobsoI to those islands of. the Pacific whero Christ had never been named, and for your wisdom, in selecting as your coadjutor arid successor in this wide mission Bishop . Pat terson, who readily forsook all that he might., follow his Lord to tho uttermost parts of the earth. We will endeavor to re member,, that tho foundor. of the Melano sian mission, has pointod out to tho. Austral asian Ciiarcit that it is her. duty to fester it ; and wo hjop^ that tidings .which you :m'ay re ceive 'from time to time in your English home of an increasing zeal on behalf of tho work' whioh the head of the Church enabled ( you to begin, may show that we are grateful for the gift of him who gloriflod the name of tho Lord in tho isles of the Bea. Nor while , wo offer our hearty congratulations to jour Lordship on your having been translated to an anoieqt Eng lish see, we feel that yon arQ,l6s.t to the colonies. Your , translation, to Liohfieldis.a.l jpitihijig pyidepdo, ^hftt thp , phiirdh ; in t^a cplonieB is rp garHecl jiB in ftll ew'enHala one body ftjth tlio I church'athoiffc; — Acco'jSt 'our'assUMiices thut our prayers ahall not bo wanting, to Almighty God our Heavenly Father that Ho would make your voyage to England_safo,^nd in aU things direct, your ., way :/;b,efprXTyou\an^ His most blessed keeping.-— We subBoribeoar selvea your Lordship's . affeotionate frienda and servants.' [About 40 signatures were at tached.]. .. . ..-..)?. .1,!,. ...... . I . Bov. jJ.Pottbb,' of Bollorat, addrbssing hjs Lordship said : As, one of the up-country clergy, I, have been. requested to express the great re gret tfiat is felt by the clergy in. the counUy that they have not had an opportunity, owing to. time and circumstances, of. signing the address.,. At the same time, I feol that it is a dnty which I am honored in performing, to say that . we felt that, in your Lordship's appoint ment to an English diocese, a great act of justice has been , done to the colonial church, and that; the English . church has acknow ledged the groatest effort made in modern times to spread the Gospel of Jesus Christ. Wo feel joy beyond measure at your Lordship's appointment to ? the see of Lichfield. With regard to your Lordship's viBit, wo feel that it is something to bo. remembered during pur lives, and the grace., we have received, and the words you- have spoken will.be enduring things amongst us. ? .Not only do we feelour selvosmore closely bound to the mother church than before y bar appointment, but wu also feel that yon have been. the i cause of stn-ringup our zeal for our Lord and Master, and have inspired tis with now, enthusiasm for His holy work. \VVje asiLybur prayers and your blessing. . Sir WiLziMt ^Stawemi (the Chief Justice) then advanced; qhd read the following address on ...lJehaii ,of.0,flio jlai^y: — ' To the Bight Reverend .; GeorgbT, Augustus, Lord Bishop of Lichfield,' Metropolitan ..., of New Zealand, — Ah lavmen. . of the Church of. England in; theo diocese, of .Melbourne, we deBire.td talce itie opportunity given ub by your Lord ship's short stay to avow the deep veneration and affection with which you. are regarded by us, in common with the whole Anglican com munion. To attempt to approach you with terms of. panegyric would be an impertinence on our part; but when wo .think of your labors in New Zealand for so many years, of the ihcroaso of its episcopate by means of. your Lordship's efforts, of your voyages to the islaridB^of the South Pacific, and of your origination. of a mission in .those ' regions be yond- .yoa,' .we ..are , constrained to bless tble Giver, of all good, ; who wrought effeotudlly in him who, has, been lately stylp(l in .the pulpit of hja own nniversity .' our . Augustine of th'e Sputh.'i j Your.; Lordship's dppoiutment to the Bije, of. Liciif^bld has gladdened the hearts of pur brbtliren in.England, who, wo rejoice tolearii, have,, readily responded to your call to them to, talte, part in, confeierices iu the diocese over which, we pray that , you may long presided Wa, may, . be ; permitted io. expresB ,our iiope ' that ;- ajti association such aa, that which' your Lordship .has so, happily , inaugurated, may eyentualiy. become the rule in every diocese ofj^onr, communion, and that the .united counsels and exertions of -clergy and ,, laity may tend . to the, supply of, what is wanting, in 3Urr ohurch, ,and to the strengthening of what remains, in .it. We.^aajbsarib.0.. ourselves with jre/it respect,, your- Lords hip's ( dutiful i.serr vantal , [About .500 signatures. wore attached.] His Lordshiti Bishob Selivyn; havin'cr..- re- ceived the addresses, replied :— My dear friends land brethren both of j^he clergy, and laityj there is, something peoaliarly . toaohmg to tny, mind iii the, maiiner in, whicti these ( two addresses have been . preBenied, because they seem so.conipiotoly to carry bu'tj what has been our endeavor for many years past, viz., to. unite ihe . clergy and laity with thoir bishops iii a more cordial co-operation for. the better carrying, into effect the, work, of Christ.. This has been the main object of that synbdica^ system which has] been established iii the Australian colonies and in New Zealand. It is the same system which the address read by Sir William Stawoll states has been carried out in an English dio cese. . There are, in fact, two or three English dioceses an which a system of the same kind, has been . established, and the effect is this, - that it has secured. to us that benefit from, whioh wo, hayo felt the blesseot fruits in this country, in the assistance of the faithful laity with the, clergy in carrying out the work' of the Chrirbh. From the first day I went to New Zealand, I had the. frank and cordial Bupport of the late Chief Justico of New Zealand, Sir William Martin, and you have the .assistance of vonr Chief Justice. Sir Wifham Scawell, and other. Judges, laymen in tho ohurbh. ,,, Another point alluded , to in the addres, whioh' commends it- elf deeply to my heart, is, the .mention that . ia made of the Molanesian Mission. I do not consider it necessary to commend that work to yon for any .greater interest than you feel at present.. . J, have found how deeply the ohorao tor of Bishop Patterson has impressed itself 2n all your minds, arid his- loving spirit, is. Bolf-doniul arid his humility are known and felt by. all those who have been brought into contact with him, or who havo heard his addressoa wherever delivered. I havo ro doubt that you will continue to support him, and that in the words of the second lOBSon read to night, you will esteem him very highly, and love him for his works' sake. I consider no greater blessing could bo granted to any man than to have Bishop Patterson for a coadjutor. But in speaking of him I would rather add to . his name all thoso whom God hath given to us ia this country since Bishop Broughton's ar rival in it. Whon I first came to Sydney, in 1842, Bishop Broughtori was the only bishop in these vast regions. Ho stood alone with a small body of faithful men, whilst now we havo to thank God that the dioceBci over which Bishop Bronghton then pro Bided is divided into nine bishoprics in Aus tralia arid five, in, New Zealand, besides the ' lilelanpaion Mission'; presided over .by JJisn'op j Piitterao'n; making fifteen bishops united. t , ,Tho ' flbld whioh twenty-six years ago was entrusted ' f,o oi\fl riifti) h(^q wopdorfully Jnorvpned, and there li«a beon ru, increase of tbo clergy in. like proportion. ' There are , now, . , I . believe, .in Victoria; 111,, and in Now Zealand, _ I ,be liovo, 106 clergymen, so. tfiat the plpigy .' Have multiplied twentyfold by tkb division of the diocese.., Bat when I speak of ihe number of the clergy, I feel how deeply I need your prayers when I toll yoa that the number of the olergy-f all Australia and New Zealand united arc not quite equal to my own clergy in the diooese of Liohfield. Yoa will understand why I desire your prayers for the support of God's spirit in the new work which I have under taken, 'when I mention that I have the charge of 900 clergy, of 600 parishes', and a pastorate of 1,200,000 souls. I might have shrank from the duties, involved upon me had I been left to my own ohoice. But it was placed upon me by an authority to which I coald offer no opposition, and I aooepted it in the. firm reli ance that God would give, me a larger mea sure of grace to enable me to perform the worki I shall never cease to think of these Australian colonies, and of my diooese of New Zealand. I am thankful I have ccmo among you oven for so short a time, to talk with, you as friends, so that we may remain united in heart, though separated by half tho circumference of the globe, and offering dp our prayers to the samo Throne of Grace look forward to the time when we shall meet together before .that Throne, and en tor in to that kingdom, from which there will be no separation, where all will be united one with another, and with that God who has made us one, as He and. His Son are ono. I beg yoa most affectionately to ac cept my parting blessing. May tho grace of our Lord Jesns Christ, and the love of God, and the fellowship of the Holy Ghost be with you all evermore, Amen.' ' His 'Lordship shook hands with several of the clergy and laity, and afterwards withdrew. 