LYCEUM THEATRE. Of all Shakspere's creations that of " Hamlet" is the one most difficult for an actor to essay, be cause of the intellectual subtilty with which it is invested. Was he or was he not mad is a question that will continue to puzzle the scholar, and ac cording to the light in which thu is viewed by the actor there will be differences in the representation of the character, and it will depend in a great measure upon him to decide public opinion on the subject. " Hamlet" was produced last night at the Lyceum, with Mr Anderson as the melancholy Prince. There was a larze audience, and the tragedy proceeded very smootbly, though some what slowly, for it was a quarter past twelve be fore the curtain dropped. In physique Mr Ander son is too robust for the generally received ideal Hamlet, and the voice too deep. These disad vantages, however, are bidden by the rare intel ligence of the representation, the fine elocution, and admirable acting. Though this is Dot bis best character, Mr Anderson nevertheless invests it with - a charm that prevents the attention from wandering. The soliloquies, especially that beginning " Angels and ministers of grace defend us " in the ghost scene, were excellently well de livered. The ghost scene altogether was very fine. Mr Rayner as the Ghost was all that could be desired; the elocution was perfect, nothing sepulchral, but yet mournful and replete with quiet dignity and repose. The scene with the Queen was a wonderful piece of acting, and the death of Bamlet was represented with almost painful accuracy. Altogether, we can fairly say that the Hamlet of Mr Anderson is one of the finest we have seen. If it is inferior to that of some other actors it possesses meritB peculiar to itself. Particular speeches and soliloquies' dis appointed us, but the general effect of the whole performance was, in a high sense, pleasing. It was most creditable to this company to place " Hamlet" so fairly on the stage, especially consi dering the difficulties under which they labor, and theyreallydeserve the hearty support of the public. Mr Appleton as Laertes was tolerably effective ; be is a young actor full of promise, and possesses a good voice and enunciation. Mr Milne was not so good in the part of Polonius as he usually is in his representation of characters. The beautiful advice to Laertes was very hurriedly 3nd carelessly given. Mrs Woolridge, as the Queen, enacted her part well. The fair Ophelia, by Mrs Walter Hill, was unequally acted, but in the mad scene her success was un doubted. Mr Miran's King Claudius was very fair, but it is not unkind to remind him that the word " draw" is not pronounced " drawer." At the end of the first, third, and fifth acts Mr Ander son was called before the curtain. To-nigbt he l appears in his finest character " Ingomar the Barbarian," and also as Petruchio in " The Tam ing of the Shrew." ALLEGED THEFT.—A man named Henry Kavanagh was charged at the City Court, Mel bourne, on Thursday, with stealing a bag con taining L149 from a miner named Hancock, residing at Sandhurst. Hancock had come to town for the purpose of enjoying the recent festivities, and in the course oi his wanderings in search of amusement, he strolled into the dancing- room of the Kildare Hotel, Little Collins-street, on Wednesday evening. He there met Kavanagh (who is brother to the landlord), and, after some conversation, they had several drinks together. Hancock took a bag from his breast and paid for the drinks. They afterwards went into the parlor, accompanied by a woman named Eliza Thompson. It was suggested by Kavanagh that a " toss" for more drink should take place. Hancock agreed to the proposal, and lost the toss. Kavanagh afterwards went away, but soon returned and made proposals for a second toss. Hancock re- fused to accede, whereupon Kavanagh ordered him to leave the house. A scuffle ensued, during which Hancock missed the bag containing his money. He immediately accused Kavanagh of the theft, but the' accusation was stubbornly denied. Hancock was shoved out of the house, and he then gave information of the occurrence to Constable Buchanan. The constable proceeded to the hotel and searched Kavanagh, but he was unable to trace any of the missing property. An important witness in the case was the woman Thompson, who stated that her husband was at Wood's Point. Her account of the affair, when called to give evi- dence, was not very concise, and, in fact, she appeared still suffering from the " drinks" taken over night. Her inconclusive replies to Mr Read, who appeared for the defence, convulsed the court with laughter, bat were taken in thorough good humor by the solicitor. He might "cackle till doomsday," she declared, " but he would not get anything from her." " What was he driving at?" "Why didn't he mind his own business, and shut up—she wasn't going to have any of his impertinence." Expressions such as these fell from her in reply to every one of the questions, and Mr Read was at length fairly obliged to abandon his task. The prisoner was remanded until the next day for further evidence. ROBBERY AT THE VULCAN REEF.— Late on Sun- day night, or early on Monday morning, the workshop of Mr Steggall, shoemaker, on the Vulcan Reef, which stands apart from his dwell- ing-house, was entered, and the whole of the leather, boots and shoes, which it contained, to the value of about L10, were stolen. The thieves must have got in through the window, as the door remained fastened, and must have had some kind of trap with them to carry off the heavy portion of their plunder ; and as Mr Steggall heard a cart passing about three o'clock on Monday morning, he suspects that this was the time when his workshop was entered.— Inglewood Advertiser. 