THE BROOKE MEMORIAL. TO THE EDITOR OF THE ARGUS. Sir,-In answer to a paragraph which appeared in your issue of the 30th ult., regard ing the disposal of funds in possession of the Melbourne Garrick for the purpose of aiding the above object, I beg to offer the following remarks. The net proceeds of an amateur performance, given at the Princess's Theatre in 1886, amounted to £24 15s. 6d. This sum would have been larger were it not that some persons, moving in what is termed respectable society, purchased and used ticket for which they afterwards refused to pay. Some years ago the Garrick Club contributed the sum of £21 13s. to the fund for raising a statue to Shakspeare. As that project has fallen through, and the treasurer to that fund is about retuming to the donors the amounts of their subscriptions, the members of the club have decided to add their share to the Brooke- fund. I have also received from Mr. T. W. Cooper a draft for £13 12s., being proceeds of an amateur dramatic performance given at Castlemaine in aid of the latter object. The members of the club have now under consideration the best purpose to which this money can be applied. Subscribers outside the club will be duly consulted in the matter. In conclusion, I can only regret that what once promised to become a magnificent memorial to the gifted actor has, like many other similar projects, so miserably failed. I have the honour to be. Sir, your obedient servant, J. M. FORDE, Hon. Sec. Melbourne Garrick Club. Melbourne, May 1. A GHOST," which caused much trepida- tion near Handsboro', Mississippi, was so frightened on its second appearance by a display of firearms that it has not appeared since. A LADY of rank in Paris, though in no danger, will have it that she is about to die. telegraphing to her husband, an absent diplomatist, she said- " Return at once. I'm very ill, dying." According to the story, he an assured- " Urgent business detains me. Wait a fortnight." The fortnight is past, and the lady still lives. . J Ubi LIKE HIS LUCK There is a touching simplicity in the circumstances which resulted in a decree nisi with costs, in the case of Moss v. Moss and Bushman in the Divorce Court. Mr. and Mrs. Moss were married in August, 1861, and lived happily together at Brompton until 1860. But on the t 13th of October in that year Mr. Moss had occasion to visit Manchester, and his wife affectionately accompanied him to the Euston Square Station to see him off. Just as the train started Mr. Moss was subjected to the _ agony of seeing Mrs. Moss contemplating with more earnestness than was agreeable to him a soldier-like looking gentleman on the platform with whom he was unacquainted. When Mr. Moss returned from Manchester Mrs Moss in her turn proposed to pay a visit to a cousin who resided near Sud- bury, in Suffolk, and Mr. Moss affectionately accompanied her to the Shoreditch Station to see her off, when he was again disturbed by the sight of the same soldier-like looking gentleman attempting to enter the carriage in which he had placed his wife. MIS.ÍÍ>Í4>SS, however, frowned and shook her head. and the soldier-like looking man entered another carriage in the train. The husband's suspicions being not unnaturally aroused by these coincidences, he repaired to Scotland-yard, and invoked Detective Wychcr, through whose instrumentality Mrs. Moss's frailty was placed beyond doubt, that lady and the soldier-like looking gentleman-one Captain Bushman-havinß taken up their abode as man and wife at the Red Lion Hotel, at Colchester. Mrs. Moss ingeniously pleaded first fault," and the gallant captain observed, " Here's a pretty go just like my luck," when they were discovered at the Red Lion by the petitioner and his father, accompanied by the father of the frail Mrs. Moss.-Pall Malt Gazette. 