MEETING IN THE BUSH. [An original story from the Adelaide Observer.] " Of course," said on old stockman, between the whifls of his pipe, as he sat comfortably by the fire of the Stag's Head, in the township of M "of course, in an old country like New South Wales, there are plenty of yarns to be got, fit for making into books; bnt who is to get them, 8nd who is to write the books ? That's the question." And this was by no means a foolish remark : for whereas nothing is more common than to read of people sitting down and telling stories to each other wiih an ease and precision that would make the fortune of an ordinary circulating library, yet the fact is nothing is so rare as to find a person who can give a detailed account, on the spur of the xnoment, of any interesting, event which he may have met with in the course of his life. He will say, "Yes, I knew til about it at the time. But the whole matter lies in a nut shell. The husband, you see, was murdered —the wife married again—and ever since that time his ghost has been seen at night-time, drawing beer in the cellar, just as he used to do when he was alive j ana that's about the whole of the matter, as far as I can recollect." Something of this sort it was which I said to the old stockrider, in the sitting-room of the Stag's Head, and he admitted that he never was a " good un" himself at telling stories. Still, he hadn't gone about the colonies for the last forty years with bis eyes shut, and he thought he could remember an incident of life in Naw South Wales which would just suit me. Many years ago he was travelling through the country some forty miles from Sydney in company with two strangers who had not beenlong in the colony, and who were on the look out for a cattle run. Through many miles of varied country the travellers passed until they came to one of the outside cattle stations. Here they found a house of better appearance than usual. It was well built of slabs, and it contained several apartments, which was a rarity; for at the stations generally the huts were of one room each, and the sleeping accommodation consisted of sheepskins and old clothes spread across the floor from one side to the other. But the improved appearance of the dwelling-place which the travellers had now reached was soon explained. The stockman, who had dismounted, had scarcely reached the door, when a young woman stepped forward; and not only was this an agreeable sight in itself, but it seemed most particularly to astonish one of the two strangers, who, after looking hard at the young woman's face, evclsimed— • " What! old Jobn Brien's daughter in this ont-of-the-way place! Good heavens! what shall we come across next ?" His companion, too, had been struck by the appearance of one of his own countrywomen in the far-off bush, and as he was in advance of the other he began to enquire of her by what accident so favourable a representative of old Ireland, had thus reached the outside boundaries of civilization. "We have been transpor—," began the young woman sadly; but at this moment she fixed her eyes on the other visitor, and then she uttered bis name— "Captain O'Connel!" with astonishment " Captain O'Connell, who saved our lives," she went on—"and now standing at this door! What a sight for my husband this Then the husband was called; the travellers were welcomed with unmistakeable pleasure ; and the tea, the damper, and the fried beef-steak were more abundant than ever. The husband, too, tried his hand successfully at brewing s bowl of punch; and, with much joy at the presence of the Captain—to whom on some account he evidently felt himself a life-long debtor—he promised to find his guests excellent sport tne next day at kangaroo hunting and opossum shooting. But how had it happened, thought the Captain's travelling companions, that two such people had become prisoners of the Crown ? " You seem to have known our host and his wife before," said the Captain's companion, as they rode out next morning. " Yes," he replied, " it was in Ireland that the circumstances arose which brought the nan M'Dermot within the reach of the law, and it was in connection with these circumstances that the wife had spoken of himself ass friend and a benefactor." The Captain then related the particulars of their offence as follows, and those particulars can be verified by pnblished fects:— He wsB in command of a coast-guard station in Ireland, and had long been on the watch for a party of smugglers, who had managed to carry on their depredations without being caught; for the whole of the population in the neighbourhood were on their side, and were as ready to assist them as tbey were to obstruct or mislead the soldiers. Still the captain went on, in the hope of some day catching the offenders in the act, and at last he had information that there was a large cargo of brandy, tea, and sugar to be " run," and that the chief actors in mis affair were to be an old smuggler—Richard ^M'Dermot and his four sons—one of whom—Robert—was the liveliest and most rattling young Irishman in the country. This young man, too, was the favoured lover of the daughter, of a small farmer, who by no means approved of the natch, and who, there iB reason to suppose, was instrumental in putting the coast-guard officers on the scent of the smugglers. At any Tate,, the Captain, with' SO men, was ready at the appointed time, and this '• _ force he took to the spot where the landing was to be effected. Some he stationed behind rocks, and the others sheltered themselves in , the brushwood which grew along the path, • hy which the contraband goods were to be — .carried. • " Hie work, however, was not pleasant; for, in addition to other disadvantages, the night was dark and rough, with occasional bursts of thunder and lightning.' But the darkness . was what the smugglers required, and towards .midnight it became evident that they did not \- . intend to disappoint those who were on the iook-out for them. First a blue light was ••"••'•".seen for a moment or two on the rocks, not fer from the spot where the soldiers were lying in ambush, end this light was presently ; «ephed -to by a red light which Jlashed^api ward,find --which for a moment showed thS outlines of a lugger at a short distance ^iWihore. - the sound of footsteps and voices ^ |»droats -ye *ee a marchin' L I F E " Thin it's the false signal at North Point j that they'll be afther dropping upon, Show the red light an' let's have the job done afore they Sod out their mishtake." It was the voice of old M'Dermot that the Captain heard, and whilst this conversation was going on between him and his son three boats were approaching the shore from the vessel that had shown the signal.. The foremost of the three, in fact, was already close to the beach, and ip a few minutes the smugglers began to land. Then the Captain ordered his men to move cautiously down. But by some clumsy accident a musket went off, and at this sound the smugglers took alarm. Some rushed back to their boats, and others, who had advanced, pressed forward to gain a pathway which led through the scrub. With these the soldiers at once closed, and there was a sharp struggle in the dark—the rain all the lime pouring down in torrents. Swords clashed fiercely, and a pistol shot now and then told of close work; but the. military could not have made much use of their firearms if they had been so inclined. .It was while this rough-and-tumble fight was going on that a pistol was fired almost in the Captain's face, but the shot passed over his shoulder, and struck the man behind him full in the breast. The poor fellow fell dead. At this moment the Captain seized the smuggler! who was nearest to him, and held him with determined clutch until his arms and legs had been bound, when, with one or two others who had been secured further down the beach i he was removed, a close prisoner. ] This man was Robert M'Dermot, the eldest son of the old roan who was at the bottom of all the mischief; and now the charge against him was that of murdering one of His Majesty's soldiers! On this charge he was in due course tried, and as he persisted in his refusal to tell who fired the fatal shot, though he declared that he himself was innocent, the jury fonnd him guilty, and the Judge sentenced him to death. As a means, too, of striking terror into the smugglers, it was ordered that the execution should take place in the immediate neighbourhood of the recent outrage; and here, heavily ironed in the dungeon of an old forttess, the unhappy prisoner awaited his death. In charge of this fortress was Captain O'Connel himself, and as it was his evidence which had told most strongly against the prisoner, whom he seized immediately that the fatal shot had been fired, he had urged him earnestly to tell the truth, and to save his own life by stating who it was had fired off the pistol. But the prisoner was silent and obstinate.'. He would not save his own life at the cost of 1 another's. The law would therefore take its course, but on the night before the day of execution the Captain was intreated to let the prisoner see for the last time the young girl to whom he had hoped to be married. She begged for this boon with tears and prayers, and at last the officer consented. The interview took place; and then the prisoner was left to prepare himself for death, but before morning there was a violent outcry in the prison. First of all, the sentinel on watch was heard to fire his musket." Then there was a rush to that side of the old fortress which overlooked an adjacent lake, and I soon it was known that the prisoner had At this unlooked-for event the country was roused for miles round, and the coast was so keenly watched that it was impossible for the smuggler to get away in that direction. He was almost certain, in fact, to be recaptured, for there was reason to believe that a musketball had hit him whilst he was crossing the lake, so that he was probably too much hurt to make much exertion. In the meantime captain O'Connell was suspended for bis lax notions—and they were not uncommon in those days—of prison discipline ; and the young woman, Mary Brien, was arrested for having aided the prisoner to escape. She had managed, in fact, to give him a steel file on the night of their interview, and had afterwards procured a boat for him when he had got off his irons and broken away one of the bars of the prison. This, then, after five or six years had elapsed, was the young woman whom the Captain and his companions now met in the far-off Australian bush; and, as she truly said, he had been their greatest benefactor; for if he had not granted the interview which! led to the escape, her husband, McDermot,! instead of living to .be a prosperous stock-( owner in Australia, would have perished on: the gallows for a crime which he had not com-] mitted. It is true he was recaptured before he was able to leave the country; but, in the meantime, the smuggler who fired the shot and, killed the soldier came forward and confessed' his crime. —™NJ The sentence of death against McDermot was therefore commuted, and he was adjudged the smaller punishment of transportation for life to the lately-founded settlement ot New South Wales. Here, too, his wife, the brave- hearted girl who bad fought so heroically to save him from the gallows, was allowed to accompany him, and to help him to build up a new home ipthe distant bush. The Chatham Islands were visited by three earthquake waves on the 15th of August last. The principal settlement was destroyed, and covered with sand and seaweed. BROWN TEODT IS THE PLENTY RIVER. —The Hobart Town Mercury of the 6th instant learns from one of the salmon commissioners that the spawning for the present is now over, and that the rill at the bead of trout pond at the Plenty exhibits in places a compact mass of spawning beds or rids, from which an ample supply of ova has been removed for distribution. Many of the eggs have been examined microscopically, and exhibit in every instance a healthy embryo. From the same source we have the more gratifying intelligence, that during the past two months, June and July, the brown trout in the Plenty River have been forming their rids, which abound for a distance of two miles above the ponds to such an extent that in many places the mounds of gravel, each the resting place of thousands of ova, literally touch one another. To sportsmen accustomed to the trout rids of an ordinary English brook, answering in size to out Plenty, some of these recently made rids would appear gigantic, many of the mounds being from 6 to 8 feet' in length, by about two feet in breadth, the gravel of which they are composed containing stones of more than a pound in weight. The largest rids were formsd by fish vaiying from eight to ten pounds in weight, and each pair was, in many instances, engaged from three to four days in the construction of one rid. ? ? THE demand for the farina manufactured at Warrnambool appears to be on the increase. The firm advertises for girls to assist in making up the packages, and there is no doubt of the district being able to furnish potatoes enough to supply the demand. PROGRESS OF SUGAR GROWING.—THE cultivation of sugar-cane in the Clarence and Richmond River districts is rapidly becoming an important industry.' A sugar-manufacturing association has been formed, and at a recent meeting of that body the president, the Rev. J. H. Graven, handed in a list of sixtynine farmers on that- part of the Clarence River who had agreed to plant sugar cane this season. The list specified the number of acres each settler would grow, amountingin the aggregate300 acres, and from the spirit already manifested at Ulmarra, and likely to result from three or four meetings tbat are to be held in different localities during the ensuing eight or ten days, it appears probable that the proposition of the Colonial Sugar Refining Company, which is limited for the present year to the erection of one mill, will be totally inadequate to the requirements of the planters. Indeed the agent of that company has found, on personal enquiry, that there are farmers, enough between (Jlmarra and the Northeastern end of Chatsworth Island, to grow sufficient cane to require fully' Six powerful mills. The cost of mills adapted to manufacture the produce of 300 acres is estimated at from £5000 to £7000, and some approximation to the return upon the outlay may be gathered from the price that the Sugar Company have offered in the first instance to give for the cane. Below eight degrees of Beaume's saccbarometer the company decline to purchase the cane, but commencing at eight degrees, they will give Is for every degree per ton, delivered at the mill when it is erected Mr. Hall takes the average of cane juice at ten degrees, that will be ten shillings per ton. The purple cane, he thinks, will average eleven degrees—that will be eleven shillings per ton. 