BURIED ALIVE AND SHOT AS A )» ./. .. GHOST. ?? . "V.;.. Tho Olovolnnd Plalndoalor tolls the following «trango,;inoulonts ns having occurred in ' Southorn Ohio !tr7»".'l .., r . i " An, oldgontloman, nomod Dolos Winans, becamo frantically angry with his son bocausoi ho had lost a largo Bum pf lila father's monoy on o' bos. nis fron slod foaling» soon got.tho' bettor of him, and ho foiled his Bon.!? tho , floor with a,blow- of his list, and im- mediately, theroaf tor foll down in asonsoloas condition. O i oat exoitomonb tn tho family ensued. Tho mothor ran soroamihg fbr'oaaiàtànee^whleh was soon forth oomlng.Jn tho .person's, of eovoral of tho'nolghbours. Mr. Willans wa« found In, an npparontly ' llfoloss oon uitlon,, with blood i flowing from bil nose and mouth,}, ,,,. ,(. j j .... , "A siibswjuont examination,by a nhysiolan lod to the onnouhoomout, hy him. that Mr. winans had dlod »rom thtf bursting Of U blood - voaaol. So evidently .? ' . ri / ?.:.-.». '> .:. ' -'I -/j .. ; v - ? . ' ? had tho vital »park.Hod that no effort at resuscitation waa made, and tho romains wura pronarod for burial as promptly aa possible. Tho funeral of tho. ' doooaeod' took plnoo the following Wodnosday.. Mr. Winan's body had only boen' oofflriod tlió 'provióua' day, lip to which time it had lain dripod' in' a shroud 'in tho parlour, Notwithstanding tho wondorful;life-look of. tho skin, and tho colour of tho fuco, it occurred to no one to sug'gost a postponement until. death was absolutely coi tain. Tho f uno'al was largely attondod and ovory bódy ienarkod tho life-liko appearance of thodoooased. Tho 'romains' were temporarily placed in ono of'tho vaults of,tho oomotory, owing to tho fact tliat a. brick tomb cOmmoncod for tholr reception had not boon completed. ' ' " At IO o'clock on Thursday 'night the villago was thrown,' into ,groat, excitement by tho roport that a ghost .had been seen in the ? comotery a Hhort timo ooraro, 'and that, tho old'lady wlio ll rat ea w it was frightened into a ût\, from which it waa doubtful whether? '? ah'o .' would ' rooover. ? Thinking that probably ,.:'?, the !.. ghost ? wo3- porsonatod by soma scoundrel, : who had played tho trióle eovoral timos before, a humber of .porsons armed thomsolves with, shot guns, proceotlod' to tho cemofory, arid com mouccd a cautious inspection-thnir hearts thumping in their bosoms in spite ot ' thoir assumod bravado. Tho/, had not long to .wait; ¡for thoro flitting among tho tombs, was a .white object plainly to, ba soon,, With trombling hands they,'raised' thoir, guns, and ; fired, When-strange :fact fora'ghoèt- they saw1'tho ' white creature fall, botween a couplo 'of graves. Ticking up courage, thoy cautiously approached ' the 1 obj cot and turned a.lnn orn upon' ir, Tholr fcolings j can' bo ' bettor 'irriagihod .'than dosoribed. w^on, they ; found that tho ghost was tho lately deceased Mr. j Winans, j ".Whilo. a portion of tho party picked up tho 'blooding and senseless body of tho old gontloman, and started homeward with it, the remainder haatcned to tho vault- Thoro thoy found Mri Winon'B coffin broken open," and lying upon tho floor, arid tho coflln [of a deceased lady, that had been placed upon it,' liko jwiso thrown, downj from tho shelf, and '. standing on pud, ako partly' brbkon open, displaying its ghostly inmate. - The' Vault door Which was rather a,weak affair, hud-been forced opon by tho resurrected man. Tho party then wont'to Mr. Winan's houso, anti hero thoy found that his wounds woro not Borious and that ho bad recovered his sonsos, lio had boon carried to tho comotery in a trdnce. ' Karly on Thursday bvoning ContciousnbjB'flashed 'upon his mind that he was Southed alive. ' > Thia lent additional strongth to his Struggle to got' free, and ho finally succoedod in bursting open, tho collin." 