DIXON'S SPIRITUAL WIVES,* , Tho boole oonBÎBtB of aîxty-Boven short | K ohaptors. Twenty-one tell ot unneoesBary, ,'even tiresome lengths the story of tho Pauper Paraclete " and the Female Ghuroh, J at Königsberg in Prussia. Twelve give an J: aooount of the Agapcmono, or the Abode of | i liove, in;the County of Somerset, England. Twentyono relate tho sooinl effeotB which followed" tho,, great Bovival of 1832 in r ..America. Tho remaining chapters are ..'devoted to diiTcrent nspeots of the general I aubjeot ; . Natural and Celestial Affinities, Free Love, Spiritualism. There is a word ol about Brook Farm, and Now Harmony, Swedenborg, Robert Dale Owen, Fourier, A. J. Davie, and lesser, notabilities. A liberal :t ; supply of what Mr. Dixon, would probably ' call,philosophy is sprinkled over the pages in , the form of reflections and oomments, . sometimes eagaoious, sometimes wise, but ' aomotimes very fanoiful and very superficial. ' '' He prides himself on his generalisations, and ' his generalisations are wild enough to con ?viot'him óf ' oôoa'sional foolishness. Ho associates institutions together that wero '.radioally different in their purpose and soope. V He "utters in tbe, samo breath, the names .of ti KobertDalo.Owob and Charles Fourier, men ' who wero so far apart in thought nnd pur poBO that they would not have known caph pother, in the region of ideas. He finds t affiliations, between Spiritualism, and Swedenbergianism, and oharges ¡ Mr. Davis with plagiarising from the Swedish Seer.' He has a notion that the instinota which lead to the doctrino and praotioe of ;('Bpiri tnal marriage,'!--are native to the Gothic ' raoes, and that the general movomont i in the \- direction'of this now liberty is duo ' to their \- supremacy' in civilisation. Woencounter '» thea'sÍ oddities frequently,'but they aro'rathor " amusing than annoying'.'. More objection- able, than they aro the blundering statements , into", whioh Mr; Dixon ia: betrayed'by tis i rapidiand' reokless1 stylo.;, statements that äre'J peouliarly üñfortú4áte/.;b'eoaúse they implicate persona,, many, of whom are living pow to read Mr. Dixon's wonderful aboounts of their lives and opinions';;'! Mr. ' Robert Dale?! Owen will hardlyE-bless him (for ¡i the .- reports here. given of: his dootrines and efforts ot reforming, sooiety by the abolition'! of marriage ;- nor will 'jMrJ^JA; Jj'.Davis owe; him 'thanks\ for .the' pássngés' ho':plips\frpm,hie 'life"story. ¿WereiMrB. Farnham, living,'.she ifould, pro : bablysend a keen arrow'aftêr tho man ,who V^rnsrepresents tho tendenoy of her teaching ; , and som'rj'disciple, of Professor George Bush *may¡ fer tain cl ¡ned to 'do-' the. same thing in ,; defenoe'lirnhat earnest man'B.bélieisJ It will \'/ be...news'io: spine that'a book of Dr. Bush's .was the sourco of all tho spiritual cirolos in America and more startling news to others ' that the founder of Brook Farm, with' his ., f'iitilo'band of poets nnd scholars introduced Swedenborg to the intellectual world . of ,New-EngIand." .Tho "idealists of Brook Farm" may have fancied they " saw in a /'combination of Fourier and Swodenb rg the germs of a new order of things fruitful of i good alike to the, body and soul;" but we doubt if tboy euspeoted any suoh thing -Zenobia and Priscilla mi^ht have "sent Lj; ¡Brook1 Farm the way of Bed Bank," if Brsók ; : Form had not .been thc first to dio a natural ' dëàth, or", if they had beon tbero, except in Hawthorne's romantic pages ; but as they ".were -not, " tho pio-nio of poets and. lovely .w/>i^en¿í had; not; the opportunity of being broken up by any seraphic jangles, j Mr. f DixPn's» attempt to drag everything, and ', Je\¿ery,bódy into his apirituál wife theory . isabquj; ns successful as it ought to be.' .'-< . i./vThó.í attempt, beside being rash, is un ^.'néoeSBary.-'Tho-author's general theory is , "qu^të Abroad enough to.cover all his essential ioots', and' 'it has the merit of being demon- strable* Thai."theory, stated with tho ut most fullness and abundantly illustrated, is this : 'Thattho doctrine and praotice of Spiritual " Marriage;. as exhibited, in cora munitiei both; abroad and dt home, results from an ovorstrained religious exoitomerit. It ! is'setup nothy> avowed sinners, but by pro- fessed saints ; by those who bolievo them- selves exalted.above tho flesh-not by those who know themselves subjeotod to it. It has' ita interest rather as a psychological phenomenon, thahu aa a condition of social : ethics or a ,phase of private morals. Tho . story of it is. a,story of men and women reaching after Heaven, and trying to divest . themselves of bodies. We shall find its . ; origin in prayers, raptures, ecstasies, mys tio dreams and visions of the perfeot state, not in the unruly affections of the animal man, It eomea from/the oonventiolc, not from the house oí' disreputo. In every instance tho rough common people havo risen in wrath : against it. In Germany, Sohonherr,. Ebel, tho Countess Ida, and the rest, were| spiri tual illuminati who imagined themselves . ' elevated to a sphere ,- that transcended the earth and its ¡laws. In England, Prinoe, . with tho other inmates of tho abode of Love ^ dreamed of'a new dispensation pf the Holy Ghost, o'i whioh.they;wero the heralds, and "...of a .ne w"oar,th. pf Jwhich r they wore already \- inhabitants. lu America, Brimfield, Qnedia, ¡¡arid all tho other communities sprang imme- diately'; out of-tho Groat -Revival, pf. 1802, : I and'wore founded by !,mori 'and 'women who !-had .'.eithor led ', the, Revival, or, hail | expo rionood the now.lifo in it. ' Similiar causes i gave birth to tho polygamy of Mormonism. The Free Love, of the Spiritualists claims .tho..aatije celestial descent, and appeals to the Barne, heavonly sources. j i iThe rationale of the matter is expressed i in'a letter'to'the author from John H. Noyes/ .''..'^Revivals ' aro theocratic' in their] very .jnaturb; ,thoy introduao. God, into human 'affairs. .Tn tbe conservative theory of Revi vals,; this power is reetrioted to tho oonvbr ^sion'of I souls j but in ' aotual experioùoa it 1 gpes, or tends to go into all tho nffnjira of life. ' The theocrntic tendency, if it poes beyond religion, naturally runs first into somé form of socialism. ' Religious love is very near neighbour to sexual love, and they always get mixed in tho intimacies and social excitements of Revivale. Tho next thing a man wants after he has found tho salvation of his soul, is to find his Eve and , his Paradise." Mr. Dixon's Book is an illus tration and proof of this position Thoj pro fossors of tho Spiritual Marriage Philosophy were all Perfectionists. -w-> ''.tin1 a fow,,dayB',"!eaid Prinoo, tho hind of ; tho Aghpomoito to Misa Agnen Nottrldbo, an ' elderly.''spitistor rvh'o.hutl dosirablo uidnoys, t.,'/fxWiii!'l,*'i,Pç!'iV"ÎM.V' inári'iego to Bíothor j ttlppuiu4.'1,r .Tbovlady< talton by sui-priso, suggbated ^"eottlomontfl.'i . " "STou will'uood ." Splrltiml Wivpi." Ly William Uepworth Dixon lame, pp. iBb. none of theso thing«," Prinoe replied. " In this offuir you must; think not of vtáe world, , but of God." "But my mother,", pleaded Agnes. .. God is your father and your mother," said Prinoe. . " Lawyors," oho urged, " take time." » Why do you want a lawyer, dear?" asked Mrs. Starky. /...", : . "Well," said the blushing spinstor, "for tho ohildren'a sake.". j ., , , , , " You will have no children," Prinoe broke in. " Your .marriages with . our brother will be spiritual, only; your, lovo to your husband will be pure, aooording to tho will of God." Prinoo was a mystio matured on tho writings of Gerhardt Torsteegen. Tho 'work of graoe, he deolared' was accomplished in his soul and flosh. "In mo," ho said .to Mr. Dixon, as they sat conversing in his private parlour at tho Agapomone. " In me you seo Christ in tho flesh. Christ in my flesh." Tho Holy Spirit, ho believed,, had entered into him, had died in bim ro that his old body was no longer living. He 'had disoardod self, had ooasod to commit sin, and even to be capable of sin. j ! "Your rule of life, thon, is like that f nuns and monks-a rulo of abslinenoe ?" j " The rule of angels," answered Prince ; a rule of pure onjoyment in the Lord. Our brethren and sisters live in love, but not sin;" «Flesh is now saved and reconciled to God;" -The- "Pauline Ohuroh"--founded in tHo course ' of the Great Revival in Amerioá, taught the'doctrine that men may attain to the,perfeot state in which they shall be mado ¡inoapabie: of sin. At Manlius, a village in Onondaga County, the " Saints " began: to dobate'whether tho old marriage vows would or would not be binding in the : new heaven and the ne w earth, and the dootrine was openly announcod that the kingdom of heaven was at hand. ; that with! 'tho 'old world whioh was then passing away, would go nil legal bonds and rights ; that old ties wore about ' to bo loosonod and old associations to end, inoluid -ing those of parent and child, ' of husband .and wife. Tho old' rights weie, .te..,bo re , placed by new ones, lt was suggested thai the new relations of souls waa .that of the 'spiritual husband to the "spiritual bride, and ' that 'expression qame into ; lise , to 'desoribe the relation.betweón men and women whioh soon booame popular as well ¡among women as among mon throughout the whole of what was known as tho " Burned, Distriot.' " The Marriage Supper, of the Lamb," wrbto Noyes, ono. of tho prime apostles of tho new dispensation, "is a feast ot whioh every dish is free to overy guest." The tendency at first was toward asoetioism. Ann Loe and Luoina Umphreville held» that in the day of Grace neither men nor women must think of love. Wedlock was discountenanced. Married people suspsoted thoir relation to be one of sin. Engaged people broke their engagements. The female saints had become so good that the young men of the district said they were good for nothing. But this high state could not last. Nature would havo hor way, and tho descent from the heights to the depths was swift and deplorable. Fanaticism of every sort came in. Tho two yearnings became so mixed and fused in the,reveries and transports to which both men and women were addicted that the carnal desire could not be separated from the spiritual craving, nor tho spiritual craving from the carnal desire. 1 All sense was lost of the difference felt by ordinary men between flesh and spirit, spirit and flesh. ' , '/Tho story of the Agapemone, first 'told authentically ia Mr. Dixon's book, is the most : instructive passage in ' it."¡ We quote ; the description of the1 outside : . V ' j , . Tho soeno is beautiful With all the' beauty of: oar weitern land. In front springs a dome of cornfield, crowned with the picturerqoe nnvo and tower of Char linoh ohuroh. At tho base of this hillock flows the soft.wooded valley toward Offer Sto*y, a place, re- nowned in the pt>etry of Wordsworth and Coleridge. In the distance near oooagh for every glada and park to star.d ont freshly, ron the Quantock hills. A Bpire, a hall, a castle, marks tho site of some story famous 1B .oar onrly annals. Hut what in this valley at our fcot. In tbo winding lane on our left, Is that fan ci fal and striking gronp of buildings ; a church to whioh tbo spire ¿ns not yet been built ; a garden, cooled by sh-obs and trees ; a green-house tbroDgod with plants ;nn ample sward of grass, cut through by winding walks; a row of pioturesquo cottages in tbs road, a teomd row in the garden ; high gates by tho church ; a tangle of buildings in tho front and rear; farms, grana- ries, stables, all of them orimion with creeping Autumn»! plants ; that jjroup of buildings is th0 Agapemone ; tho homo of oar male and female Saints. , Here is a pioturo of tho inside: Thomas led mo in'o tho obief room, which I saw at once wai a ob arch.. Three ladies were soatod near a - plano, at which one of them was playing when we oame ID. My saree was mentioned to them, by way of short .Introduction ; they limply ourtiied and left the room, their own hames not having bcea pronounced in turn. One of lnoky gacss, had once been Julia Starky, daughter, of the. Rev., Ur. Starky (» clergyman of standing.in society, and of high reputo in tho English Ohorob), and Wes now the second wife of Brother Prince: but:alie was not mado known to me, either tiren or afterwards, by her .married name. After the u ual rematks bad been mado..about the fine morning, and tho pleasant dr ito, Thorens neked me il I would go at onco to Brother Prinoo'sroom, il said 1 should first Ilka to esk bim four or flvo question!. ' Ho . bowed;and bent himself to answer; but bo seemed to be ll) at ease while wo remainod alone ; and our talk' was now and then broken by the entrance of some »liter, who slipped into tbo room, listened for a moment,' and then went ber way. I began to soo that itli not the habit of this place to allow any brother, nny elster, even one of ago and rank, to hold private conversation . with a:gueat, Each Saint appears to keep watoh and Ward upon his fellow, 1'iinos may dwell apart, and hold himself nocoHntuble to none. But tho reit of his people 110 tinder bonds, and only aot and speak ia each Other's proiohoe. ?'. , ' For half .an boor I was loft alone with theso ' two bottle's In tho church, ... , , "V, Yoi; tn th« ohnrch ; lounging on a rod sofa, near a bright fire, in':the coloured'light of high lancet wludows, filled with rich,émlncd glass; soft dubious beueath my feet ;'a billlmd-tablo on my right band i; cburoh fornlturo in oak and hrn's about mo ; and nbove my head tho stared symbol of tho Limb and Dovo, fimVod noil supported by u mot of bilHard-oucs. : Tills room, 1 knew, was that in, whioh the Oroit MunlloiUtlon had token plaou ; that mystio rito through which livlni» flush ls soid to l.am beeo reoonoiled to God. Lovely to tho eye, cnluilng to tbo heart, this ohambtr was," nnd ii. Tho . stuined-glnss windows shut ii lu completely from tho world, allowing lothing le»s othrresl thnn tho light ol' day to penetrate thoso walls. A rich rid IVrrian onrpet corore'd tho floor; In contrast wiih ithe dsrk'brown oaken roof, Ked enrtnins draped the windows, tim (jinns in whioh was painted with a niystio.il dot loo ; allamb, n lion, and a dovo-the lion standing on a bod of, rosen, with .a ubannor. ,on nhioh theao wurde aro inierlbod i ' ;' OH, ll Atti, Hei.f Li ? 1 Tbo tthironojr-pieca waa a Une oak .frame of Oolhio work, Ut In with mirrors, , A barp stood iii ono corner of tho room,; a large rolerpcuit in onbthor, A few books lay bn tho tahlee, not' m'àbb used-Younu> Nl^ht 'fhóug|its, a'Turnor Gallery, Wordsworth's Greece, aiid two. op three niora.-' Low bookcases mn cunnii tho walls,:filled'with roligious Tolumes. iliory balla lay cn the urucii baise aa if tho Slaters had boen rcoently at play, 'the wholo room had in it s hush and splon'donr whioh affeotcd tho imagination With a kimi of ano' Mow oould I help thinking, ai', lent alune, of that mystic, drum» in which Brother Prince hud played Ibo part ol hero "Madonna" 1'atersou tho part of heroine T "Do you work «nd play OB SimdaysT'' I Inquired of the I11 mt Anointed On», wheo fae eine baok. " We bavu no Sundays,'' lie replied j' " all dayl wltb ii« are Bsbbatbp, »ucl every thing we do ie consecrated to the I»ord." " They Ilka to play came». I hear, os Sunday as a , protest against the bondage of the world. ", Will you now como in to see Brother Prince 1" said Thomas. " Ob, vos," I answered softly ; and the keeper of the Seven Stors and the Soven Golden Oindlesticks led tb way. , Mr. Dixon's book is important as oalling attention to tko faot that a large portion of the social immorality, that is supposed to prevail in America above any other part of the civilised world ia due to the fierce reli- gious excitements whioh periodically sweep over the country, and for a time unsettlo the feolings ¡and principles of tbo poople. It is not wholly due to tho, linonse whioh demo orátio institutions and democratic liberty are supposed to encourage. So far as this pecu- liar kind of immorality has been' organised in communities, it is entirely duo to this cause,' and will disappear with it. The sober, sensible oommon mind has from tho first re- volted from it. The " Sinner*" have dealt out strong moasure of porscontion against tho "Saints"on tho saore of thoir celestial and torrential affinities. The doctrino of Spiritual Marriage has found no favour, and has taken no roots among tho people. Mr. Dixon, wo aro persuaded, greatly exaggerates its spread. When ho insinuates that the Spiritualists, as a class entertain it,' and more than hints' that tho four , "millions who oro 1 rd ported to '?>, - "bolong to : that soot in tho United States ??; ¡mean ,.; by liberty of tho Spirit this liberty of the Flesh; we feel certain' that he does immense au'd scándaloús ,injustice tb great numbers pf rë speotablo men and womon. .,? And we know I that ho utters what deserves no better name than' slander ,whcn ho1 says , that ;|"in tble United States tho' great disparity in'tho two sexes has deprived society of tho conservative force engendered by fear and: shame," that "no .woman in tho 'oountry . needs to oafo whether she'-'offends .brnot ;»* that ; " sho; is hardly: more responsible ; tb ber; lover than" to her groom ;" that; " Free Love., in- stead of being universally condemned has in America its poets, orators, and preachers ; ! its newspapers, lecture-halls, excursions, picnics . and colonies, all of whioh kelp to give it a cortain standing and authority in hor oyes." All those'appliances for propagandism there aro no doubt; but the help they afford in giving thoir immoral philosophy, outbio thority, and standing is of very insufficient oh ar ao ter. Tho harder thoy work, tho moro they publish, the moro.thoy injure tho cause they advocate. Tho peril in our society is lesB from the avowed than from the unavowod teaching; and Mr. Dixon not only says.what is untrue, but says what is deeply injurious when.ho declares that the doctrine,, " Every man has a right to do as he damn pleases" is popular or is likely to become popular ; in America. , *,; ? ~, ; Indeed, nothing has" surprised, us; moro . as wo perused those pagos, than the small amount of aotual demoralisation-that is charged. Tho natural safeguards provo too strongs for .a theory, a passion, or a whim, and- the i forces of social conservatism come in at the last mo ment to hold overt indecency in check. Even in Mormonism tho "Saints" do not have it all their own way. And out of Mormonism, they do not soem -. to doBiro. their own .way. The past is not so hideous, nor th î future so menaoing as Mr. -Dixon would like to havo . us think. ¡ The volumo before us will -do. this much harm, that it .may give oountonanoo to'thoso who are ready,to misinterpret tho',signs of jdemo orat'w institutions, andi to prodiot dissolution from the, abandonment of the Old; World restraints on human oonduot. But it will do good by presenting' poworfully tho ' avile of immoderate excitement . of , the moBt ardent feelings, by leading' to'i deeper ro flcotion on tho tr no and falso relations of tho soxes, and by opening the oyes of, multitudes to tho necessity of observing tho primary laws of social life. Tho good the work will do, may outweigh tho evil. If it could bo ns wisoly as it will bo widoly read, we might oxouse tho reckless brillianoy. of the author's stylo, and event forgive the blunders, whioh will burt no ono so much as himself.-New York: Tribune. ,;.?/; ' .',,' 'V ] 