^ EARLY ENGLISH NEWSPAPERS. I -'-54 d' I till from the Cornhill for Julyat s . IT has often seemed to us to be a subject for curious reflection that the newspaper system, end of the chief pillars of our modern civilised . front, should, for so long after its establishment in England, have made so insignificant a progress. The vast power of the daily press has ceased to surprise our minds, because, like the swiftness of the telegraph and the force of the steam-engine, it has become part of our daily life, A man cannot sit comfortably down to his breakfast without having the small-talk of the world served hot upon the table and he cannot sleep in peace unless through the day, like a genuine quinine, he has been discussing " great and startling intelligence, the shock of empires, and concussions of the body politic." Lord Lytton but expressed a common feeling when he declared in his well-known speech that the noblest legacy to posterity would be, not our railways, docks, or public buildings but a file of The 'Times. The same feeling led the great Frederick to insist upon the circulation of the journals in Prussia, and to order his school- masters in every village to read out the news to the country-folk. To most of us this seems but common sense ; but many well-informed people will tell us that we have become too proud of our newspapers, and too prone to vaunt their superiority over " all the works of Thucydides :" they compare the intense publicity of our modern life to the glare of the solar' microscope and to borrow another expression from Emerson, " are tired of so public a life and joined, running hither and thither for nooks and hiding-places." Yet, with all this, nothing is clearer than the fact, that for three-quarters of a century after the introduction of journalism into our country, its professors were regarded by decent people not so much with fear as with contempt, and almost loathing. Not a statesman or an author of any repute had a word for the struggling news mongers, who might expect in the course of their lives to become acquainted with the gaol and the pillory, and who were by no means sure of escaping the court-martial and the gallows. Sir Roger L'Estrange, himself a journalist of experience, has left us a lively account of their condition in the proposals which, as official censor, he published for the regulation of the Press in 1673. The ordinary penalties for offences connected with the Press comprised, according to this eminent authority, death, mutilation, corporal pains, and banish- ment. Besides these we read that " penalties of disgrace ordinarily in practice are many, and more might be added." Among these penalties were the pillory, stockS, whipping, carting, and condemnation to the mines ; these, it was considered, might do well enough for the authors, " for whom nothing can be too severe that stands with conscience and humanity ; " but the censor was at some pains to invent more lenient and yet it effective punishments for the printers and binders, and the hawkers and mercury women who might be concerned with unlawful, publica- tions. His object was rather to make them ashamed and publicly ridiculous than to treat them with needless severity. He proposes that they should wear some mark of ignominy, " as a halter instead of a husband, or one stocking blue and the other red, or a blue bonnet with a red F or S upon it to signify either treason or sedition, according to the circumstances." It is true that these proposals were issued after the restoration of Charles II., when the press laws were far more savage than they had been during the licence of the Revolution ; but it must not be forgotten that the Presbyterians had been so keen to curb the freedom of printing that they had evoked the wrathful thunder of the Areopagitica, and that even Milson's eloquence had not convinced them. An entry in the Journal of the House of Commons, before the King's return, shows us that even a respectable person found to convey intelligence to the wrong side, by means of his news books, had to take his trial by court-martial as a spy, and was liable to very summary execution. Some of the accusations brought against the early newspapers are too trifling and fantastic to deserve a serious answer. They resemble those charges against learning in the abstract, which statesmen and philosophers were once compelled to refute in ponderous times. One set of writers accuse these papers of raising all the wild passions of the Civil War : " Devoted to political pur- poses," says the elder Disraeli, " they soon become a public nuisance by serving as the receptacles of party malice, and echoing to the farthest ends of the kingdom the insolent voice of all factions, in the same strain he proceeds to express his contempt for the writers, who were " so well adapted for the scurrilous purposes of the newspapers with a fire and a vehemence which to us seems pedantic and absurd. And there is hardly a biography of any one of these men which does not conclude by calling him a turncoat or an affected coxcomb or by declaring that he showed the real baseness of his nature before he died. We need not here set up a grave defence of party journalism, or seek to prove that men were zealots for a cause before a Mercury or' a Gazette was born. But we may express a slight surprise that learned writers should have for- gotten Lord Bacon's prescient words upon the subject of fugitive publications. When the heat of passion is over, they are not, said the philosopher, the worst seeds of a perfect history and he compares them to a nursery garden out of which, in course of time, a fair and stately garden may be planted. And not only have the very journals of which Disraeli complained become the basis of modern histories, but we may remember that Dugdale rested the greater part of his View of the Late Troubles upon the journals of the time, such as the Perfect Diurnal and the Armies' Intelligencer, so that the value of the journals was known even at the time when it was a disgrace to be a journalist. Charles I indeed, seems to have had a very just appreciation of the value of the news books as materials for history. Under his superintendence a collection of nearly 30,000 pamphlets, broadsheets, and newspapers relating to the war was set in hand, and such care was taken of them that the University of Oxford went through the form of purchasing them for £1000 in order, if there should be need of it, to make a more vigorous struggle against Cromwell for their possession than any private person could undertake. Another accusation, once very prevalent against the journalists, was that the cheapness of news led directly to the destruction of ancient records and manuscripts. It is an undoubted fact that valuable documents were at one time destroyed and suffered to perish with almost criminal carelessness. We have all heard the story of Sir Robert Cotton who found his tailor preparing to ship an original Magna Charta into coat-measures, and many of us have felt aggrieved at the way in which old muniments are still stuffed into damp cupboards and mouldy chests in some country towns. But it is hard to see what connection exists between this spirit of Vandalism and the introduction of cheap news. In times of revolution, we are told, monumental things become despicable," and, doubtless, at those some periods a great desire for fresh news will arise on all sides ; but it is rather hard to put all the effects of revolutionary feeling upon the journalists. Mr. Knight Hunt, in his history of the Fourth Estate," countenances in some degree the notion that the neglect of antiquity was due to the newspapers, and gives a lamentable account of the time, not even now so very distant, when- copybooks were usually covered with illuminated MSS., and " records flew about like butterflies." Aubrey lamented the darkness prevailing in Wiltshire on this point, and tells sad tales of the two sons of Parson Stump, his friend, who, being gunners, were used to scour their pieces with ancient title-deeds ; the glovers too are said to have found old parchment very useful in their business. We heard a story the other day, which shows that the spirit of destruction was not confined to the humbler classes. The chapter of a celebrated cathedral had allowed the wall of their muniment- room to become ruinous, and never cast a thought on its contents. At last,' I one spring-time, a person looking through a crack in the outer wall saw mysterious black and white objects whirling and fluttering up and down. On examination these proved to be jackdaws making their nests, as was their Went, with fragments of priceless charters and title deeds. Such was the ignorant carelessness of a past generation. But we cannot assume that it was due to the spread of newspapers, unless we could also imagine that these offending canons, glovers, gunners, and mechanics would, on being deprived of their cheap news, have fallen back on the study of these chartularies and base Latin deeds, of which we are regretting the loss Many other hard things have been said of the founders of the daily Press; but we cannot in a short essay do more than indicate the chief facts in its early history for the purpose of illustrating its true character, and of dispersing some of that odium which has been cast upon it by writers whose minds were coloured by an antique prejudice against all liberty of the Press. A fine collection of materials for the history of newspapers was made in the last century by one John Bag ford, who desired to be the historian of the whole art of printing. When he died a pensioner in the Charterhouse, he had gone further in his writing than the prospectus of his work, but his note-books and memoranda, being preserved in the Harleian collection, have formed the text for elaborate dissertations by Chalmers, Nichols, and other antiquaries, which have been further illustrated by the indefatigable Timperley in his Dictionary of Printing. From one of Bagford's note-books we may extract the following character of the journal- makers, as it appeared to a writer in the middle of the seventeenth century. After describing them as squirting scribes, who serve out history in pennyworths, and may be called authors only by the same figure as a North- country pedlar is styled a merchant, this lively writer thus bursts out :-" Methinks the Turk should license diurnals, since he prohibits books. A library of diurnal is a wardrobe of frippery. From their weakness they are fain to join forces, as their custom is, in crossing committee ; they tug at the pen, like slaves at an oar, a whole bank of them. They fight in the posture of the Swedes, and fire one over another's shoulder. ... In short, a diurnal maker resembles an historian as a devil resembles a man." The system of newspapers in England is not of any very great antiquity. The English Mercury of 1588, preserved in the Sloane collection, was long supposed to be genuine, but is proved by Mr. Watts to have been forged at a later date and a proclamation of Henry the Eighth, against light persons who have published books of news, is shown very clearly to have been directed only against the occasional pamphlets and broadsheets, which, from the I irregularity of their publication, can at most be called the forerunners of newspapers. The Gallo-BcTghi, of the reign of Elizabeth, seem to have been hardly more than annual summaries of the chief events upon the Continent. Itwasnot, says Bagford, until nearly the end of the reign of James II, " that the news began to be in fashion, and then, if I mistake not, began the use of the mercury women." The outbreak of the Thirty Years' War aroused the public attention, and one Nathaniel Butter a bookseller and pam- phleteer of twelve years' standing, took the idea of printing a weekly newspaper from the Venetian gazettes, which used to circulate in manuscript. After one or two preliminary attempts, he acquired sufficient confidence in his public to issue the following advertise- mentions any gentleman or other accustomed to buy the weekly relations of news be desirous to continue the same, let them know that the writer, or transcribed rather, of this newest, both published two former news, the one dated the 2nd and the other the 13th of August, all of which do carry a like title with the arms of the King of Bohemia on the other side the title-page, and have dependence one upon another; which manner of writing and printing he doth purpose to continue weekly by God's assistance, from the best and most certain intelligence ; farewell, this twenty-three of August, 1622." The difficulty of tracing the sequence of his subsequent publications is much increased by the habit, which he soon adopted, of changing their names week by week, according to the quality of the contents. It seems clear, however, that for several years he was the sole purveyor of regular news from the Continent, with the exception of the Imperial Intelligence, printed in 1626, for Mercurhts Britannicus. It must have been therefore upon his head that the invective was concentrated with which the appearance of a regular newspaper was greeted in the literary world. Ben Jonson was never tired of cutting jokes upon his name. At one time he is called the butter-box, at another the news is described as "rank Irish butter, with a hundred other punning allusion. Jonson has left upon record his reasons for an unceasing hostility towards Butter and his industrious imitators. There could not be said the poet, a greater disease in nature, or a former scorn put upon the time than the public hunger for pamphlets of news set out every Saturday, " but made all at home, and no sy liable of truth in them." And not only Jonson but Shirley in the Love Triehst and many other authors of that time, have bequeathed abuse to the memories of the journalists, " who weekly uttered such a mass of lies." As far as Butter was concerned, we think that the charge was unjust. His journals, though instructive, were somewhat dull, being, for the most part, translations " from the High Dutch," He claimed, indeed, little more than the merit of being useful. " Whosoever will be cunning in the places and persons of Germany, and understand her wars, let him not despise my Corantoes " Yet his critics, both in that age and our own, have treated him to sarcasm appropriate only to the most flippant and amus- ing of liars. The fact appears to be that a set of emissaries, for the most part broken-down soldiers and copper-captains, were employed by the minor pamphleteers to ferret out the news of the town. The guiding principle of these newsfactors was that " ink must furnish ale and threepenny ordinaries ;" their practice in a dearth of news was to concoct letters from " an eminent Jew merchant in Germany," and the like, or to write true relations " or portentous events in distant country towns. Their classical learning, though only hanging to them in shreds, easily taught them how cattle might be made to speak, blood to rain in showers, and armies to be seen fighting in the air. Timperley cites, from one of these emissaries, an account of the lovely mermaid, easton the shore at Greenwich by the late high wind, with her. comb in one hand and looking-glass in the other. In dull times it must have been difficult for an honest man to fill his book of news, and we are told of some amusing shifts to which publishers were driven. Some in despair would leave a column blank; others filled up the space with extracts from standard works on this principle a bookseller is said to have published in his journal the whole book of Psalms and half of the New Testament. A newspaper of a later date points out the advantages of the plan, and remarks that people may thus be enticed to read, " who would be frightened at a large volume. The plodding men who followed Butter in establishing the newspapers have received the blame which is honestly due to the concoctors of bubble broadsheets ; we suspect, moreover, that a dislike of free printing caused their influence to be exaggerated; the country was not so benighted as to be thrown " into a state of feverish excitement " by these stories of a cock and a bull. After the death of Gustavus Adolphus the thirst for Continental intelligence was much assuaged, though Butter still prospered under the Style of Butter and Company. A few un- important periodicals, such as the Young Gallant's Whirligig, etc, made their appearance, but it was not until the outbreak of the Civil War that Butter's idea received any great development. One or two " grand journals," and " perfect relations," were printed in the year 1842 and on the 1st of January, after the King's retirement to winter quarters at Oxford, the Mercurius Aulius was issued, under the patronage of Charles himself. The anxiety felt by the Cavaliers throughout the country for news of the Court was as keen as the excitement which, twenty years before, had driven the public to Butler's office for information about the Emperor, the Grand Seignior, and the Protestant hero of the North. The news-letter slowly rotating through half a shire before the arrival of its successor, was felt to be quite unequal to the new demand and the court-journal immediately became the progenitor of a swarm of mercuries, diurnals, and nocturnals, of every colour in politics, and every grotesque variety of title. Within the next two years we find notices of journals with such headings as Mercurius Ftt missus, Vapulans, Aulicomastix, and others which would have made Quintilian stare and gasp, Others, as the Scotch Dove (which professed to hear news of the King), the Kite, Vulture, and Screech Owl, were content with their own language ; while one journalist came forth under the hybrid title of " Mercurius, not Veridicus, nor yetMutus,lul Cambroon honest Britanmts.'\ We find also something ludicrous in the title of Aulicus : his hue and eng after Britannicus, 1645, when we learn that the respective editors of Atdicus and Britannicus were at that time " bedfellows in the Fleet Prison." The court news thus started by the King was edited by Birkenhead, then a fellow of All Souls, to whom probably we owe the fortunate circumstance that a fine collection of early newspapers is preserved in the library of that college. He discharged his functions so well that his election was procured to the chair of moral philosophy, from which in due time he was expelled as a black malignant by the Presbyterian visitors. We owe him some respect as the true father of party newspapers, but his connection with the Press has been almost fatal to his reputation : his biographers allow him a turn for raillery and buffoonery, but assert that in prosperity the baseness of his spirit appeared, and that as licensee of the Press after the Restoration he neglected all his old associates. At any rate we cannot deny that he was industrious, since, like Marat with LAnd du Peuple, he wrote the whole of his newspaper himself. The joke used to run, according to Anthony a Wood, that the king's party made a weekly assessment of wit and news at the heads of the houses in Oxford, as if, having taken all their plate, he must needs have their brains as well ; but this was a calumny. We must now describe the fortunes of another woman, a clever journalist in our opinion, but in that of his biographers a " most suitable, most seditious and reviling author." March- mont Needham had tired of half-a-dozen pro- fessions between hair g college and becoming an attorneys clerk in Gray's Inn. His attention was caught by the success of the King's newspaper and other journals which were being published at Oxford, and he forth- with dashed into notice with an opposition print, the sarcastic Mercurius Britannicus, in August, 1843. He soon became the idol of the London mob, but being disappointed at the rigour and disfavour with with which the Puritans Heated the Press, he took the occasion of some sudden affront to go to Hampton Court and beg the King's pardon on his knees for his opposition. This was in 1847, in which year he began to publish Mer- curious Pragmaiicus, dealing especially with news from Westminster, and being full of witty abuse of the Presbyterian party. After the King's death Needham was reckless enough to publish another " Mercury for King Charles the Second," instead of rushing to the popular side, as he would have done, if he had been the political chameleon described by his biogra- phers. For this obdurate clinging to the royal cause, Needham was laid in Newgate and condemned to death. The Independents were then in want of a smart writer against the Presbyterians, and Needham was only too glad to save his life by scourging the declining faction weekly in Cromwell's Mercury the Politics. After the Protector's death, his old enemies procured his removal from the post of parliamentary intelligence, and he went abroad, finally purchasing a general pardon, like all the rest of the world, after the Restoration. Needham is often taken as a representative journalist of those times, and writers, even of Disraeli's eminence, have vilified him in the most unmeasured terms. We are told, that " this patriarch of newspaper writers was a man of versatile talents and still more versatile politics : a bold adventurer, and the most successful, because the most profligate, of his tribe." But the only real evidence of this versatile profligacy is the fact that he left the royal cause when it was hopeless, and when only the choice remained to him of being hanged as a needless martyr, or of undertaking to write against the Presbyterians, of whom he had been all his life the consistent enemy. Disraeli, at any rate, was mistaken, when he wrote thus of Needham's conduct in 1649: " Our mercurial writer became once more as virulent Presbyterian" He seems, indeed, to have had an impartial feeling of detestation for the journalists on both sides, since, after thus gibbeting Needham, he remarks, that the royalists were not without their Needham" in the hard-working and consistent Birkenhead, whom we have before described. The next personage of importance in the history of newspapers is that prince of partisans, Roger L'Estrange, who, by his unswerving attachment to the royal cause, is said to have earned the esteem of Cromwell himself. He is remarkable for having been the writer of the best newspapers which appeared before the age of Queen Anne, and, at the same time, a most bitter enemy to the freedom of the Press. He was appointed license or censor in 1863, and in the same year was given authority to publish all newspapers, periodicals, and pamphlets, not exceeding two sheets in size. He appears to have looked upon his newspaper as a noxious thing, suffered to exist only that an income might be created for him in return for the labour of purging the Press. Yet he spared no pains to make his Public Intelligencer readable, and if we may trust his letters now preserved at the State Paper Office, expended in the first year more than £500 on "spyes for collecting intelligence." Three years afterwards he estimated the profits at £400 a-year. Nothing can show better the surly contempt of L'EStrange for the newspaper system, of which he was one of the chief founders, than the audacious prospectus contained in the first number of the Public Intelligencer. After stating that his Majesty has been pleased to commit the privilege of publishing all intelligence to him, he thus addresses his humble and expectant public : " As to the point of printed intelligence, I do declare myself (as I hope I may in a matter left so absolutely indifferent) that, supposing the Press in order, the people in their right wits, and news or no news to be the question, a public Mercury should never have my vote ; because I think it makes the multitude too familiar with the actions and counsels of their superiors, too pragmatical and censorious, and gives them not only an 'inch, but a kind of colourable right and licence to be meddling with the Government. All which doth not yet hinder, but that at this juncture a paper of that quality may be both safe and expedient ... so that upon the main I perceive the thing requisite, and for aught I can see yet once a week may do the business, for I intend to utter my news by weight, and not by measure. Yet if I shall find, when my hand is in, and after the planting and securing of correspondents, that the matter will fairly furnish more, I shall keep myself free to double at pleasure." L'Estrange's correspondence with Lord Arlington shows that he worked very hard at making his newspaper a good thing of its kind. He sent paid correspondents, or " spies " as they were called, to all parts of the country, and even induced some respectable persons, under promise of concealing their names, to contribute occasional paragraphs ; these persons were for the most part repaid by sending to them their newspapers and letters free of postage. Another set of " spyes" was employed in picking up the news of the town on Paul's Walk or in the taverns and coffee-houses. L'Estrange printed about sixteen reams of the Intelligencer weekly, which were, for the most part, sold by the mercury women who cried them about the streets. One Mrs. Andrews is said to have taken more than one-third of the whole quantity printed. These hawkers and news women were a great trouble to L'Estrange, because, as he said, " under countenance of their employment is carried on the private trade of treasonous and seditious libels ; " we find accordingly that he was continually bribing them into good behaviour. Each of them received forty shillings and several quires of newspapers as j early wages, and they were all taken by L'Estrange himself to an annual dinner at Hornsey, " with coaches there and back." During the prevalence of the Plague it was very hard to conduct a newspaper at all. The best customers had gone with the Court to Oxford, and L'Estrange had the further misfortune of losing eighty of his printers and workmen by the disease. He did not himself leave his post, but worked so energetically that the circulation of the Intelligencer, notwithstanding the Plague, was increasing rapidly at the time when the favour of the Court deserted him. Advantage was taken of a slip in the weekly intelligence to deprive L'Estrange of his monopoly in favour of the new Oxford Gazette, published in the winter of 1865 and transferred to London in the ensuing spring. The Gazette was placed under the control of Williamson, then a rising Under-Secretary of State, under whose austere influence nothing was suffered to appear which could excite or even amuse the public. The salaries of the " mercury women " were rigorously cut down, and the annual feast at Hornsey abolished ; a small sum was offered to L'Estrange as compensation for the loss of his monopoly, which had been created by letters-patent. His lamentations were terrible, and so persistent that Williamson had at last to threaten that " Mr. L'Estrange should be prohibited." His letters to Lord Arlington are full of complaints that the newspaper had only just then begun to pay, and that these small profits were his sole re ward for spending his private fortune in the royal cause, and for the labour of purging the license of the Press : ." After all this," he writes, " I am marked out for beggary, infamy, and briefly the worst that can befall an honest man, but God's will and his Majesty's be done." He continued for some years to do odd literary jobs for-the Court, and was particularly useful in ridiculing the accusations brought against its Popish tendencies ; this he did in his Observator, a weekly paper which appeared in 1884, in the form of questions and answers. By this course of procedure he much offended the Romanising clergy, who abused him roundly as an " affected and meddling coxcomb." He died in 1794, and was the object of the following rapturous eulogy : "Alive distinguished for unshaken truth, In old age injured, and traduced in youth, 3 by rising glory shines above our reach, To dare the impotence of human speech. Hail ! bright embodied being: ! gone from hence To be all intellectual eye and sense, To reign with mai tyres and with kings dethroned, Rewarded for that cause the just have owned." with a good deal more in the same strain of fustian eloquence. L'Estrange has not been a favourite with historians, and we confess that his harsh measures towards the Press are apt to raise a feeling of repugnance. He is accused, , too, of corrupting the English language by the I roughness of his style, having been " anxious to accommodate it exactly to the taste of the common people." But he was certainly an enthusiastic and industrious writer, who raised the tone of the Press even while taking pains to fetter its liberty. When he lost his monopoly, that era of desolation began which Macaulay has so forcibly described. The" newpapers became completely sterile, omitting events even of such importance as the trial of the seven ¡ bishops, and were supplanted in popular favour by the manuscript newsletter, which were, I in fact, the only journals of importance. On the day after the abdication of James II. three fresh newspapers appeared, and many more burst out after the appearance of the official journal under the style of the Orange Gazette, But it was not until 1694 that the King was induced to abolish the censorship and to permit free trade in news ; " he doubted much," says Hume, " of the salutary effects of such unlimited freedom." The newspapers increased and multiplied exceedingly for the eighteen years between the abolition of the office of licenses and the passing of the Stamp Act, in 1712, by which a halfpenny tax was laid on every half-sheet of intelligence. Swift has described for us, in a letter to Stella, the horror and alarm which fell on the literary world when three-quarters of the weekly authors were thus cashiered by Act of Parliament. "Do you know that Grub street is dead and gone last week? No more ghosts and murders for love or money. I plied it close the last fortnight, and published at least seven newspapers of my own, besides several of other people's and now every half- sheet pays a halfpenny to the Queen The Observateur is fallen, the Medleys are jumbled together with the Flying Post, the Examiner is deadly sick ; the Spectator keeps up, and doubles its price I know not how long it will last. The town fortunately did not yet lose its daily " two pennyworth of wit and instruction, and all persons of sensibility were still able to enjoy the flow of Addison's perfect English, as they sipped their morning dishes of the finest " milk Bohee." We do not profess in this brief sketch to have completely rehabilitated the characters of those who, in the seventeenth century, founded the mighty system of our newspapers. But, at least, we have shown that a vast deal of un- reasoning prejudice against them has existed, even in the minds of scholars and philosophers. Butter was not such a fantastic liar, nor Needham such an unprincipled turncoat, as the chroniclers of the movement have asserted. Birkenhead and Roger L'Estrange, though rough in their literary manners, were hard-working, hard-hitting partisans of a kind that even now is not to be despised. Many causes contributed, as we have seen to form this prejudice. The penal laws, doubtless, had an effect in deterring quiet and contemplative authors from meddling with the dangerous trade of journalism : they would not risk the pillory for the chance of scathing a minister. Another cause of dislike to the cheap journals was the idea that news could not be collected without having recourse to those persons whom we call correspondents and special commissioners, but who were then called spies, and informers. There were, besides, two notable bugbears, which have hardly been driven away by the light of our modern civilisation the one is the notion that a cheap Press must be the spring and engine of revolution ; the other is the fastidious feeling which may best be described in the words of its most learned exponent, that a chaste genius will banish the painful subject of politics from his elegant pages :-" The writer in 'polite letters felt himself degraded by sinking into the diurnal narrator of political events, which so frequently originate in rumours and party fictions." 