COLONIAL FUNDED DEBT. TO THE EDITOR. JOHN LAW'S GHOST. Sir—The elaborate scheme propounded in the communicated article in the Advertiser of 17th would lead, if it could be carried out, to dear rates of money to private borrowers, to jobbery. and to fraud, embezzlement and bankruptcy. A Bank monopoly such as is proposed would not be tolerable or tolerated, nor would Saving! Bank depositors or Friendly Societies feel very comfortable at seeing their frugal meant squan dered in a Post-Office a century earlier than required, a Local Court-House, and a Lunatic Asylum—.altogether involving upwards of £100,000 —being built simultaneously. By what means would Oorerment meet the demands of depositors, suitors, and members of Benefit Societies, when their money "had once been squandered? How could such an operation as the late £400,000 loan, effected in London at 8 per cent, premium, hare been managed here, and another for £800,000 to follow closely ? The "strictly local Bank" shadowed faith reminds me of the celebrated John Law's Mis sissippi scheme, as exemplified in the following extract from "John Law, the Projector," by Harrison Ainsworth :— I And * engage," rejoined Law, seriously, that the shares will be eagerly sought, and rue so rapidly, and to each a height, that if you buy a thousand pounds' worth you shall win ten thousand in less than a month." This assertion elicited ""Hnmtinng of aston ishment from all the party, and Sir Harry shouted out " Bravissimo! that's the scheme for my money. I shall go for a thousand shares." " well all go in for ten thousand," cried the others. '* Make a fortune while we are about it. Success to your scheme, Mr. Law." The scene changes to Paris. "A. Royal Bank (or strictly local), eh? That is the scheme!" cried Saint Simon. "The Sieor Law proposes to nuke the whole nation a grand Banking Company," said VQlevoL "A magnificent idea, eh, M. Le Due?" " Very magnificent," echoed St. Simon. "I wont wearyyou by detailingmy scheme, M. le Due," observed Law to St Simon, '"but I design to represent the whole of the revenues of State andallfunded property by banknotes; in a word, to substitute paper money for metallic currency, the advantage of which change I have satisfactorily demonstrated to His Boyal High ness." "The scheme is perfectly Utopian, and scarcely merits consideration," sneered Noailles. " Hum 1 I am not so sure of that," observed Saint Simon, "I have declared my ignorance of financial matters, but this plan deserves at least consideration." " Granting the utility of a Royal Bank," ob served Noailles, " though I would not have it conducted on the plan recommeded by the Sieur Law, a season of general distrust like the pre sent is unfavorable for the experiment. Such a Bank is not wanted, and, if established, would not assist ub in paying off the State debts. We must proceed slowly bat surely, suppressing all useless 'ex penses—retrench in every department.'" "Such measures will accomplish little," ob served Saint Simon ; " recollect what Tolly said when he had made aIikeexperunentand failed 'Petty rascals only, fall into the nets of jus tice : great thieves escape.'" Tour communicator will be able to elaborate his scheme by reference to the work quoted from. How true it is that history reproduces itself. 