NEWS AND NOTES. We have heard a great deal from tha Age about the wickedness of attacking Sir Charles Darling, but Fri dey's issue of that journal contains an attack on our present Governor which exceeds in vulgar coarseness anything we have met with yet. Tho. attack is the more outrageous, because only a short while ago Sir J. H. T. Manners-Sutton was held up as quite a model by this same journal. Here is one specimen of the sort of language used by "loyal liberal" folks in refer ence to the Queen's representative:—" He ia better fitted to be the overseer of a workhouse, solicitous only for the approval of his board of guardians, than to have charge over a community of independent citi zens. He is a political Hubert, without any of the compunction of Hubert in the play. It is the curse of Dukes as well as Kings to be surrounded by 'slaves who take their humors for a warrant,' and Sir Henry Manners Sutton is just such a slave." There is a large number of men at work cutting the catch-water drain above Beale's to lead the water from the springs to Beale's that now escapes in the basaltic formation below the springs. It is expected that the drain will pour a good volume down in about a week's time, and already there is a stream running in. At Kirk's the feeder is strong, and the decrease in the level of the water of that reservoir is now hardly appreciable, so that we may hope that the worst is over as to a deficiency of water. A correspondent makes the following suggestion—■ "Would it not be well, now that there are, say 4000 miners out of employment owing to the want of water for mining purposes, for the Western Council to em ploy a number of them at the Swamp, say at a reduced rate of wages ; each man to bring his own tools and barrow, so that the council should be put to no out lay on that score." On Friday afternoon Mr David Clark, Piggoreet station (writes our Smythesdale correspondent;, was brought to the police camp, Smythesdale, in custody of Constable Boyan, on a charge of having assaulted, with intent, Elizabeth Christie, a little girl five years old, his own granddaughter. The alleged assault is stated to have taken place in the Presbyterian Church at Piggoreet, on "Wednesday afternoon. It appears that at the time referred to, a woman in the locality saw Mr Clark take the little girl into the church, and having some suspicions she went up to the building and went inside, when she observed Mr Clark having the child stretched on a form. The female then, it seems, gave the alarm, and the attention of another person was attracted to the spot. Much more of the evidence which will, it is said, be forthcoming at tho police- court investigation, could be furnished now, but pending that investigation, it is of course'not desirable to mention anything which might prejudice tho case against the prisoner. Mr Clark is a widely known and influential gentleman, and the case has, as may be imagined, excited a most uncommon sensa tion in the district. The prisoner has been remanded to Friday next, but has been admitted to bail, himself in ,£500 and two securities in £250 each. It is said that Mr Clark was somewhat under the influence of liquor when the alleged offence was committed. The annual ploughing match of the Glendaruel, Beckwith, and Clunes Agricultural Association took place on Thursday, 11th June, but the attendance was not large. The Primitive Methodist Church, North Clunes, was formally opened on 7th June, when J. Richard son, sen., of Spring Hill, preached in the morning and afternoon, and the Rev. W. Hunt in the evening. On the following day a tea meeting was held, and subse quently a public meeting, under the presidency of Mr H. Trescott. It appeared from the report which was read, that the cost of the building was about £84, out of which amount upwards of £34 had been col lected. Orders absolute were obtained by Mr Watson, in chambers on Friday, for the winding up of the Grand United Junction Company, on tho petition of Mr Tepper, and of the Webster street Brewery Company, on the petition of Mr Dummett. An order was obtained by Mr Finn, for Messrs Hardy, on Thursday, for the winding up of the Mitchell's Free hold Company, on the petition of Mr Harrison. At the meeting of the Ballarat West Borough Council, held on Friday, tho Amended Bylaw for the Regulation of Cabs was adopted. By it drivers will not be required to wear metal badges, and the scale o£ charges will be at the rate of 6d per half mile, and by time Is Gd for every half-hour and fractional part of that time. A rather smart retort (remarks the Argus) was made in tho Legislative Assembly on Thursday by Mr Long more. Mr Fellows was pointing out the unreasonable conduct of the Opposition in postponing the mere formal motion necessary before any supplies can bo granted, that the speech of his Excellency be taken into consideration. In doing so, the hon. member re minded the House that majorities were not always in the right; for instance, he said, "it was a majority that voted for Barabbas." This hit was received with roars of laughter and cheers from both sides of the House, which were continued and repeated when Mr Longmore rose, and said, " The hon. member forgot to mention that on that occasion the majority was acting under the instructions of the Council." The Western Times says:—" When Tennyson uttered his aspiration for a 'still strong man,' he little thought, we imagine, of Mr Higinbotham, and when Mr Higin bothain adopted the aspiration it is certain he quite as little thought that Henry Mannera Sutton would turn out the 'still strong man' he appears, after all, likely to prove, to the great consternation and un questionable rout of those who consoled themselves by the supposition that he was as readily mouldable to their despotic and whimsical resolves as they had found his predecessor." Our local correspondent thus writes:—"On Friday while returning from the Glendaruel ploughing match, and when on tho Creswick side of Ascot, I saw a horse standing in the bush with a saddle and bridle on. Finding that no person was near the horse, and seeing that it appeared to have been ridden hard, and think ing the rider had been thrown, I searched the bush for a considerable distance for the rider, but without success. As it was getting dark, I thought it • a pity to leave the horse (a brown mare) in the bush, and so brought it home, where I kept it till to-day, when, not hearing of any owner, I handed the horse, &c.;, over to the police. I made enquiries along the road home last night, but nothing was known about tho horse. Two mounted constables are out to-day in search of the owner, but have not yet returned. The horse had on a good double-reined bridle, and a first class colonial pig-skin saddle, with white gutta percha overcoat strapped on in front. I will telegraph should I hear anything on the subject. Tiie horse has just been recognised as being Mr George Pegler'a mare Flirt." The first of " A Course of Lectures to Thinkers" will be delivered in the Congregational Church, Daw son street, to-morrow evening, by the Rev. J. J. Hal ley; subject—" A Personal God versus Pantheism." We have received two letters in reference to a boil ing-down establishment. The proper course is, for those aggrieved to make a complaint to the inspector of nuisances, who, no doubt, will do what is requisite to remove the nuisance. The consideration of the designs for the new Town hall, Ballarat West, was postponed at the meeting of the council on Friday until the 19th instant. Tho action taken by the mayor, in purchasing tho plans signed " Simplicity" (Mr Lorenz) for £30, was ap proved of. The district coroner held an inquest on Friday, touching the death of Thos. Williams, who on the 10 th instant was killed in the Ballarat Freehold Gold Min ing Company's claim. The facts as already recorded were deposed to, and the jury returned a verdict of accidental death. As an instance of the effects of the " deadlock," we (Gedon'j Advertiser) know of one firm in Geelong who have now eleven hundred pounds on their books against civil servants alone. Tradespeople are gene rally complaining of the prevailing dulness of busi ness. Mr Hume continues his expositions and illustra-. tions of electro-bioJogy and mesmerism at the Me chanics* Institute. To increase the attractions of his entertainments, he has added the distribution of gifts, which form not the least interesting feature of his nightly programme. Information was given at the Eastern Police-station on Friday to the etl'ect that on the previous evening the hut of a German, residing near the Half-way House, Plank road, had been entered during his absence, and everything that the. dwelling contained, including a silver watch, apparel, and bedclothes car ried away. No clue was afforded as to the perpetra tors of the robbery. A preliminary meeting took place on Tuesday last at Belfast, at the Steam Packet hotel, for the pur pose of forming a branch of the Constitutional Asso ciation of Victoria in tho district, to co-operate with branches already established at Koroit and Yambuk. Resolutions for tho purpose were adopted, and the meeting adjourned until Tuesday next. The Rev. "VY. Henderson delivered his second lecture on " English Literature " yesterday afternoon before the students of the Ballarat College. In the course of his lecture, Mr Henderson showed that English literature combined the solidity of the German and the sprightliness of the French. Selections from our own poets were read in a very impressive style. A meeting of the Ballarat Football Club was held at Lester's hotel, last evening. There was a very good attendance. Messrs Sanderson, Figgis, Macleod, Dowling, and Duthie were elected to act as a com mittee. Mr D. C. Urquhart was appointed honorary secretary and treasurer. It wa3 also decided that a challenge be sent to the Geelong club to play a match on the 1st July at Ballarat. Side3 were chosen to play a scratch match this afternoon, captainad by Messrs Sanderson and Figgis, weather permitting. We report elsewhere the proceedings at the ad journed meeting of the Ballarat Constitutional Associa tion, and the names of the executive committee and officers of the association. There is some matter in the proceedings, which mil repay perusal by all who are interested in good government, and by all who believe in the very oratorical patriotism of Mr C. E. Jones, the chosen colleague of Mr Yale in Ballarat "West. The Ballarat representatives of the Loyal Liberal Reform Association met at the assembly-room at tached to tho Alfred Hall, on Friday night, but finding the noise of the entertainment given by the Chinese too over-powering, tho meeting ad journed to the Buck's Head, where it was resolved to meet this evening at the Orderly-room. There were 141 petitions filed on Thursday by Civil Servants v the Queen, for arrears of salaries; also the following:—By Edward Davy, for registration of births and vaccinations, and for medical evidence given at Castlemaine; James Hosie, £32 9s 6d; James Ford and Son, £263 2s 3d (in each of these two cases judgment same day, with 2s costs); Win. May, contract, £1164 Os 6d; Thos. Anthony, £245 14s 3d; AVilliam Campbell, £■11 10s, for conveyance of mails, and judgment the same day, with costs, 2s; P. C. Perry, £20, for con veyance of mails; and Robert W. Carrick, for cartage, £33 Is 3d. Judgments were signed in favor of T. Tobin, for ,£391 14s, and £6, 6s 4d costs; and John Orr, .£79 18s 6d, and £6 Is 3d costs. It was quite a busy day in these very busy times at the Protho notary's office; about four hundred certificates were signed there on Thursday, representing nearly £13,000; the highest certificate was for .£898 0s 4d, and the lowest for 12s 6d, including 2s costs. George Corzo, the man charged with wounding Eliza Ah Ling, the wife of a Chinaman, at Eaglehawk, on the 29th ult., was committed for trial on Thurs day by the local bench. The facts of the case have already been fully reported. An attempt to stop the prosecution by a person named "Wall was severely com mented upon by the police magistrate, Mr M'Laclilan. Tho running match for £200 a side, to come off on Monday next, at Wangaratta, between Matthew Hig gins, of Melbourne, and Thomas Cusack, of Wanga ratta, excites a high degree of interest in the locality, and the privilege of erecting refreshment booths, and the tolls of the gate have been disposed of, at prices which, for so small a place, are surprising. It is ex pected that not less than 2000 or 3000 persons will be present. Both men are said to be in first-class condi tion. At present Higgins is the favorite, the betting being 5 to 3, and even 2 to 1, that he wins. Cusack also has lots of friends, but at present they are rather shy, anticipating long odds. The vexed question as to whether publicans are able to recover amounts due for liquor sold to outdoor customers was decided in the case of Urquhart v Smith, heard at the County-court, Melbourno, on Thursday. Judgo Pohlman gave a verdict, with costs, for the plaintiff, who was a publican at Rich mond, the defendant being a civil servant. The Queensland Times reports that "a rather novel application was made a few days ago to Mr E. Bostock in his capacity as a surveyor under the new Land Act. A very intelligent aboriginal, known as ' Melbourne Jemmy,' said he was desirous of taking up some land near Tarampa, and wished to know how he should go about it. In answer to Mr Bostock, he said he would like about 300 acres, and that he would ' settle down like whitefellow,' and cultivate it. He added that he had been ' long time along o'whitefellow, and was no fool,'and that he would takehisginaudpiccaninnies with him and settle on the land. He was perfectly serious in his manner, and seemed very desirous of knowing how he.should proceed to secure the land, which, it ap pears, he expects should be a free grant. Mr Bostock promised to take the matter in hand; but it is feared that as Jemmy is provided with neither caah nor land orders, his expectations arc not likely to be realised. A clause should have been inserted in the Land Bill to give free grants of land to aborigines on condition of settlement and improvement. I'liis was surely an oversight." A " monster meeting " was held on Thursday night at St. George's Hall, Melbourne, the object being to bring forward a resolution in support of Mr M'Cul loch's notice of motion in the Legislative Assembly. The Right Worshipful the Mayor presided, and on the platform were Sir Jones, Mr M'Kean, Mr Casey, Mr Farrell, MrLongmore, MrBurtt, M's.L.A.; MrMunro, Mr Mackay (secretary to the Loyal Liberal Reform Association), Mr Wall, and others interested on the same side. Both platform, hall, and gallery, wero densely crammed, and a crowd was even collected on the staircase. The principal supporters of the late Administration were congregated on the platform, and those opposed took their stand principally at the end of the hall and in the gallery. At eight o'clock the mayor took the chair, and. Mr Jones, M.L.A., moved the resolution in support of Mr M'Culloch's conduct. His speech lasted for nearly an hour. His great points were principally mis statements, especially with reference to his Excellency's reply to the address; and, in alluding to the article on " Democracy in Victoria," in the Westminster Review, he first abused the writer in the most emphatic manner, and then in reply to a loud call of " Name," replied " W(h)att's in a name." The Argus also came in for a very liberal share of anti-complimentary epithets, and though the present Ministry were let down veiy easily, there was a per ceptible sting in every remark about them. It is only just, however, to the speaker, to say that he bore frequent interruptions with great good humor, and when here and there hissed, said that-he had too long an acquaintance with a "goose" to mind hissing. Mr Casey supported the resolution, and Messrs Munro and M'Kean spoke in its favor; but none of these gentlemen went beyond the ground so often travelled over. No one came forward with an amendment, and the resolution was earned by an apparently large majority—the dissentient voices not being supple mented by hands, and the supporters of the resolution using in most cases both hands as an evidence of their enthusiasm. A vote of thanks was awarded to the mayor, and after three cheera for the mayor and three more for the Queen had been given, the National Anthem was sung, and the meeting dispersed without any accident. The second performance of the Chinese Theatrical Company was given on Friday evening at the Alfred Hall, and, despite the inclemency of the weather, was numerously attended. , An entire change of pro gramme—if that were any advantage to Europeans— took place, and at least displayed in an eminent de gree some of the peculiarities of Chinese habits and ideas. Thi3 evening the services of the company have been retained by the promoters of the Saturday night concerts of the J3.V.R. Baud, together with those of Mr and Mrs Simms, which cannot fail to draw a crowded audience at the hall. Mr Rayner's benefit at the Theatre Royal last night was a tolerably good one, and he was received with most enthusiastic applause and several times called before the curtain. He appeared as Hamlet and gave a skilful rendering of that great character, being sup ported by several amateurs as well as ordinary mem bers of the stock company. The programme and cast were as follows:—Claudius, King of Denmark, Mr Carr; Hamlet, Mr Joseph Rayner; Polonius, Mr Musgrave; Horatio, Mr M. W. Moloney; Laertes, Mr Charles Miran; Osric, Mr Harry Power; Rozencrantz, Mr Staunton; Guildenstern, Mr M. J. O'Brien; Priest, Mr Charles; Marcellus, Mr Weston; Bernardo, Mr Bartlctt; Francisco, Mr George; Ghost, Mr J. M. Bickett; First actor, Mr G. Jordan; Second actor, Mr J. Wilson; First gravedigger, Mr W. S. Kemp; Second gravedigger, Mr W. B. Hayes; Queen Gertrude, Miss Madeline Stuart; Ophelia, Miss Blanche Grey; Player Queen, Miss Annie Milner. The afterpiece was " The Irish Tutor," with amateurs. W. B. Hayes, J. L. M'Millan, F. Kruse, and D. J. Doyle, in the cast, besides Miss Milner and Miss Grey. This evening the programme will be " The Soldier's Daughter, and " The Adventures of Dick Turpin |and Tom King." We perceive also that the manager an nounces that he will give presents to certain of the visitors to the theatre, for particulars of which, we refer to our advertising columns. 