Now that the Government havo got ad vices of the arrival of Mr. Vebdon in London, to enter upon tho active duties of tho office of Agent General of tho colony, it is time Ministers should take cognisance of the question of appointing Mr. Veb- don's assistants in tho main work that will devolve on that gentleman. Looking after volunteer armaments, or helping to " look on " at tho operations of tho hanks in Bottling any financial business in tho loan way which may turn up in London, on tho part of the colony, will form only a very insignificant, and that tho outside and tho show, part of tho agent's functions in his now sphere. And to these, doubt less, Mr. Vebbsjj could readily do full justice without any assistance whatover. In the deportment department and tho diplomatic manner of the thing, thohon. cx-Trcaaurer will acquit himself of his duty to perfection. But something far beyond this, in the labour of its per formance and in its intrinsic importance, is required at Mr. Verdon's hands, if his mission is to be of any permanent valuo to the colony, or to bo worth tho expense incurred in its support. And for this olass of busiaess ho will require able and abundant assistance. Tho grand object in view with him must bo to promote immigration of a superior sort on a large scalo from tho United Kingdom, and oven Continental Europe, to Victoria. And to arrive at this end he must have the. attractions of tho colony fully and ably, and honestly laid before tho public, and expounded throughout tho three kingdoms, from ono end of tho country to tho other. Ho must, in foot, causn tho advantages of immigration to Victoria to ho made familiar as household words to the . working people, to tho poor, the striving and the uneasy classes generally. Ho must induce in their minds tho belief that truly, justly, and with out exaggeration, Australia is the land of promise to tho burdened and despondent manual toilor, who in the old country has only tho workhouse to look to, at best, in old age. Mr. VisRDOif must see that all this is dono skilfully, discreetly, and effectively. Ho must superintend the work of others when doing it ;' and he must do it in part him self with his own voice and his own hand, at times. Ho must take care that the work is not overdone nor underdone, but dono successfully and well. To accom plish all this Mr. VEHDOK.muBt, wo re peat, havo ablo assistants— men of busi ness habits and tact — who can : speak as well as write, and transact affairs. The gentlemen fit to he appointed to act as Mr. V erdon's lioutenants in such matters hare to bo selected with care ; and it is at least timo now that these appointments should be at once taken in hand. They will constitute tho corps of emigration sub- agents who willbo stationed in tho principal towns and cities of the United Kingdom. Liverpool, Bristol, Hull, and Birmingham in England; Glasgow and Edinburgh, or Dundee, or other suitable places in Scot land ; and Belfast, Dublin, and Cork, in Ireland, will doubtless havo oaoh their emigration commissioners, or suh-agonts, to promote tho outward flow to Australia of the proper kind of labour from all these looalitios respectively, and from tho tracts of country surrounding them. Thoy will serve as a sort of standing referenco, of authority, upon all questions on which in tending emigrants and their friends may require to be fully and correotly informed, and they mast therefore be something more than mere clerks. They must he able to lecture periodically, and to explain in pnblic meetingB the peculiar nature of tho advantages which tho liberal land Bystcm of Victoria and tho fino soil and climate of this country offer to tho husbandman of Bmall capital and largo in dustry, to tho agricultural labourer, and to every man whoso capital is " the might that Rlumbcrs in a peasant's arm," and tho will to uso it aright. They must bo ablo and zealous in explaining that tho agriculture of tho Sonth of Europe, with its grapes, oranges, and s-ilk, is os natural to and as suooessful in Victoria, and tho southern regions of Australia generally, as is tho agriculture of England with its grain and grocn crops, its roots and tubers. And they must bo competent to superin tend tho shipment of large bodies of emi grants, of both sexes and all ages, in such a way as to insure order, cleanliness, nnd comfort, at tho opening nnd to tho end of tho voyage. It will bo no easy matter to mako a proper selection of tho persons to fill these parts properly, and thus the no- ccssity of losing no timo in entering upon this matter. Besides tho provincial sub-ngonts or commissioners appointed to tho several localities throughout tho country to act in the way wo havo referred to, there will bo, it is understood, an officer nomi nated to be in attendance on Air. Vehdon in London, to act as his secretary, nnd to dispatch the spe cial emigration business of tho London district proper. This secretary to the Vic torian Agency at head-quarters in Lon don will requiro to be a somewhat superior man to tho provincial sub-agents, inas much as upon tho diplomatic tact, busi ness aptitude and savoir-faire generally, which he has at command, will very much depend tho success of the agency in its intercourse and relations with official men of rank and with others eminent in tho hanking, shipping, and trading circles of "tho great metropolis." An awkward man, or one pretentious and assuming in his manners and hearing, or a flippant, shallow, port person, filling tho offico of secretary to tho Agent-General of Victoria would almost unknown to and in'spito of himself frnstrato tho objects of the mission to a largo extent, and hourly and daily undo tho labours of his chief tho Agent General — that is, if Mr. Veiidon would retain such a person at his side nftfil lift Kftfl finfiiA fcrt HTiJorflfnutl liim. But such pests aro often clover in hypo critically appearing what they aro not in reality, and in deceiving the master's oyc ; and they are frequently not found out until it is too lato. Tho Government can not ho too circumspoot, then, in selecting tho gentleman who is to fill this post. Bat they must not let this circumspec tion retard their selection, for tho secre tary to tho agency should properly be the firBt of tho staff appointed Without him Mr. Verdon can scarcely begin the office work of the establishment in London, or put himsolf in communication with tho provinces. By all means, then, let tho secretary bo judiciously selected without delay, and lot tho good work of tho agency ba entered upon without further loss of time than has already occurred. An address was presented to tho Right Rev. Br. Qoold; Roman Catholic Bishop of Melbourne, yesterday, by tho Hon. John O'Shaosrey, In St. Patrick's Cathedral. Tho church was crowded to excess by tbo laity from Melbourno and tbo suburbs, and there was a very largo attendance of clergy from both town and country. Mooy of the latter had come down solely for tho pur pose of personally grcotlng his lordship, nnd con gratulating blm on his happy deliverance from the perils of tho ocoan. A full report will be found elsewhere. The proclamation of the Hon. M. O'Gredy, when Commissioner of Public Works, fixlog part of tbe boundary lino between tbe ehlro of Bnnln- yong nnd tho rond district o! Bungeree, was declared to bo Illegal lit a decision given by their Honours tho Judges in Banco yestcrdBy, upon tho appeal caso of Browa v. the Bunlnyong Shire Council. Brown had been proceeded sgstust to recover en amount due for the registration of a dog, and tho megi,tr;tes decided that hs was liable, disallowing an objection on his part to tho effect that bis property was wllliln tho portion ef land added by Mr. O'Grady to Bungarao. Their Honours now dismissed Brown's appeal again t this decision, and held that tho proclamation was bad, inasmuch as It only defined part of tbe boundary. Thoy also iullmstcd that the appeal cato of tho Bunlnyong Shire Council v. Berry, hoard on tho previous day, would abide ths .same decision. Yesterday wso tbe first day of tho Cnstlcmaino Race Meeting. Tho attendance on tlic course was not particularly numerous, and the racing anything but first- class. For tho Maiden Plate only two horses started. Flying Dutchman was the winner easily, with Standard-hearer pioient. Tho winner of tba Great Centra Handlccp was Phosphorus, with Blondln second, end The Fly third ; a protest was entered against tho winner, Tho Hurdle Reco was won by Standard-heaio1, with Cadger eecond. Return tickets at excursion fares will be issued by tto Victorian Railway Department during the thrco deys of tho Baltaarat Races, tho first work In December. Tho colossal bust of tho late G. V. Brooke, executed by Mr. Summers In London; to the order of the Press Dramatic Association, is now at Mr. Hine's gallery In Collins street east, and will be publicly uncovered in the coutso of a few days. ' Tho bust is a noble work, and does great credit to the artist. The likeness of the eminent tragedian is good, but perhaps slightly idealised. It Is proposed that some little ceremony should tako place at the unveiling. Amongst the publications wo have received by tba Icst EnglHh mall is a printed sheet called tlA " Train Extro," prlniod oad published by Qoo.' Francis Train in the Four Courts Mcrshekee, Dublin. Air. Train Indulges in the most extra vagant nbuse of the English nation and the British Press, and has token tbo trouble to prtnt a farrago of tho most absurd rubbish. Tho Roynl Society meet this evening at half, post 7 o'clock, when papers will be submitted to the members, by. Mr. a'Giiilvroy and tbo bon. secretary. - Mr. M'Gilllvray.'s paper on .'!Aus-. tralian poljzan" wiii he found of muchiatere.it, and is n further contribution to those lie lias already published lu tuo ".Transactions" on tho asms subject., "Tba New Theory of tho Ocoanlc TId£3" is another Item In tho earth- quako discussion wkfch the frightful cala mity ou the coast of South America has brought about, aud which Mr. Bcllby treats la & manner, exhibiting much reading. Members need hardly ba reminded that it Is necessary to glzc in homl. nations of tho officers for 18G9, and that there ere seven vacancies in addition to the ptesidsncy and other prominent posts in the cxccullvu to be filled up. A meeting of shareholders In iho Band of Hope and Albion Coneols wes held yesterday afternoon, at tho Criterion hotel; but as tho attendance was very limited, nothing vres date. A public mcoliugof eolectora of land under the 12th and 42nd sections of the Amending Land Act was recently held at Mew's Five-mile tavern, near Cusllemalne, when there was n large attendance. Tbo following resolutions ,were unanimously agreed to : — ' That lu the opinion of this moat ing it should be urged 'upon the Government and members of Psrlicmsnttbat, in cases where Ihe bona fides of selectors nra shown by im provements/and settlement, all rents from dato of selection, paid or to psy, under tho 12th and 42nd sections ef the Aincnclng Land Act, less 6 per cent., form part of purchase-money, and when one-half of such money be so paid, the said 6 per cent, bo charged en the remaining half only ; \ and that (except in esses of land of exceptional vslne) the prico ol such land be Ll per acre, with the right of pnrchaso with out auction." " That tho rent of all lands under the 42nd section be 2s. per ecro." Mr. J. Williamson was appointed delegate to attend tbe conference to be held in Molbourne on the 1st of December. Tbo bon. tbe Attorney. General, after having visited tho gaol end sheriff's office at Ballarat, proceeded on his tour of Inspection to Ararat. Edward Goodllffo was brought up at the City Court, yeBtorday, on two charges of forgery, ono of larceny as n bailee, and ono of stealing from a dwelling. Nothing now was elicited In tbe evidence beyond what bis already transpired, and tho prisoner was committed for trial on nil four charges. The arguments In tbe suit Carlor (Infants) v. Murphy were concluded yesterday In tho Equity Court, and his Honour Mr. Justice Molesworth reserved judgment. At the City Court, yesterday, a woman of tho unfortunate class, named Matilda Andorson, was summoned for disobeying an order of tbe Court. In January last sbo smashed n pane of plate glass, and was ordorod to pay L10 dsmsges. Sbo agreed to do so In monthly Instalments of L2, but only paid up tbe first month. Tho caso was now dismissed, on her cnterlag Into bonds lo pay tbo remainder in monthly instalments of Ll each. The meoilng of Iho Warehousemen's Cricket Club, advertised to bo held yesterday at Gai ton's hotel, lapsed for want of a quorum — a state of sfihlts which appears to havo became chronic with tba club. This clrcumstanco Is tbo more to bo regretted from the fact that tho ground re presents the sum of L1200, and that in spite of Government aid, etc., tba club Is In debt to tbo extent of L60. Considering that, after all, the young men In tho warehouses are tbo persons most benefited by tbe existence of this dab, the least they might do would bo to show some little interest In tbe matter, and bsstlr them selves to assist tbo officers of the assoclnlion in endeavouring to extricate tbo club from its difficulties. A miner named Geo. Hookway, whilst work ing with his make on Gardner's Reef, Manton's Gully, on Tuesday morning accidentally mot wllh his death. He was ascending the mine when ono ol the portions of the ladder gave woy, and tbo deceased, who seems to lmve been struck in the heed, fell a great dlstanco and waa killed. we nave recoivcu rrom tne iiev. James iiii- lantyne a tractate entitled " Baptism : For Whom Intended, nnd How to ba Administered." The object of the writer Is to supply knowledge and gutdanee, especially to young people. At the Emerald Hill Police Court, yesterday, a boy named Benjamin George Bones, twelve years of age, was sent to tbo training-ship Nel son for a period of fivo years na a neglected child. Ono ef the most extraordinary escapes from seven or eight persons meeting with a sudden and fearful death (relatca tbe Goclong Adver tiser) occurred on Monday afternoon at Cowle's Creek. Mrs. James Welsh and Mrs. George Osborne wont out for a drive with their children, eight In oil, on that afternoon In a light spring vehicle belonging to Mr. Welsh. When they reached Cowle's Creek Mrs. Welsh got out, her Intention being to give tbo horse, a spirited little nnlmil, a feed, while tbo party enjoyed themselves arouad the spot near the top of tho cliffs over the north-western end of Corlo Bay. Mrs. Welsh took the winkers partly off tbe horse, In order to get the bit out of his moutb, when he suddenly took fright and bolted, Mrs. Welsh was knocked down and run over. The horse continued his career, making straight for the cliffs, which horc rise almost perpendicularly to a considerable height; Mrs. Osborne and tbe children all being lu the trap. Tbo frightened animal wes making straight for the brink, and a fearful death for tho whole party appoared Imminent. This seemed certain, as the horse neared tbe edge without swerving In the least, and at last Mrs. Osborne gave up all hope, as he rushod to the verge and actually went with his fdro feet over tba edge. With an Instinct that seemed wonderful, how- ever, he, apparently Beclng the danger himself, made n torrific effort and reinstated himself on level ground. This sudden jerk and tbo Impe tus wero so great, that one of tho wheels of tho trap then went over .tbe edge, and for a second it appeared as If the whale party would still roll down. By nnothor groat exertion tho horae managed to draw tbe cart out again, nnd the danger wa3 at an end, for tho animal was so ex hausted by his efforts that he was compelled to moderate his pace, and was easily got la hand ognln. There appears to be no lack of clerks and en gineers In the neighbourhood of Benalla. For tbo offices of clerk and. engineer to the nowly- created Benalla Road Board, no less than twenty- five applications for tbe former and nineteen for tbe latter position have been received, Edwin Berry, a labourer, employed on board the ntcamer Gothenburg, was descending to the bold yesterday when the ladder gave way, and be fell about 20ft., serosa a bar of Iron, ln|uring bis bock severely. He was taken to the Mel bourno Hospital. ' Tba number of visitors to tbo National Museums of natural history, geology, and economic geology, opplled to mining, agriculture, and tbe arts, fortbo week ending 21st November, wa3 1214. Tbe museums aro open to tbe public dally (Sundays excepted) from 10 a.m. till 5 p.m., fa the north eldo of tho University, and In tiis unfinished portion of the National Museum building at tbo beck of the University. A Mrs. Stanley, from Melton, has Identified the clothes found near the ekeleton which was found at Mount Buninyong sotno timo clnce. LL Uj/ptfUta IUUI SUIUO 111119 81DUD Mr. BQUinlS. Stanley lived at Cambrian Hill, and that the last alio aaw of her husband was when ho was. drinking very hard. lie expressed his Intention of g-ing to Bunlnyong, etneo which she lias not heard of him; It is her Intention to have tho remains exhumed and buried at Melton. ' The dead body of an Infant was found In a waterholo at DunolJy by two children, on Sunday last. Every effort Is being made by tho police to obtain soma ciuo os to who placed tho uMld whero it was found. 'A friend who had au Intorvlew Willi n pas senger from Caps York has communicated tho following to tbe Gladstone. Observer z — — . The, Hamlet's Ghost,, with tho npurlous Couut.oni board, put Into Somerset (Capo York) on' or about tho 15th of August; On being boarded by the police boat, he mado Inquiries as to whether n frigate had arrived there, and on being answered In the effirmative became agitated and eagerly inquired about her move ments, but'jippeared relieved when told that the vessel was (H.M.S. Virago, and that sho; had left the settlement In January. Ho remained eight days, cpd during the whole time kept a bright look, cut for vessels in tho oiling. Tho captidu nnd crew were discharged lnconscquenco of o row between the 'Count' and tbo captain, In which revolvers wero drawn. The crew refused to put the captain' In iron3. Ikuppaars that the Count had kept them in c.Wo by tbrcaicnlng lo glva them twanty-flvIashee a-ploce when he foil In'wilh tbe Austrian frigate ho was atwnys expecting. The acting police magistrate Induced the crew to re-shlp under a fresh ngreemont, ail but the cap tain an|d steward, who remained bebiud. While in port tba Count wiis always dressed la the unl. form wore u sword when on sliora. He made a great display of the money he had with htm, and pur posely left bills of exebango lying about bis cabin for visitors to seo, many of which wero filleil in for large amounts, nnd only wanted bis signature. He succeeded la Imposing upon tbe authorities, taking supplies for his vessel and paying for them In bills, which the -holders will doubtless discover aro about as — ' drafta upon Aldgate pump. Among ,,, " who were ewindled are two naluroll.i. ' named Thorpe. Tho Count bought smul birds, etc , from them to tho amount of .a L30; but some alight compunction must a. touched blm, for, contrary to custom a. , them half cash nnd half by a bill. Botavl on the eighth day, leaving let,.., , tho captain of tho Austrian frigate tn,j bankers In Sydney. The frlgato was ordered . follow him on to Timor. Tho captain hs a with him Is one Austin, late master of th« a.," Reliance, which was wrecked on the s«,.J ® Group. He was picked up and brought?? Bowon, whonce ho shipped as mnto on bo«,i «, Hamlet's Ghost. Two days after she I r Somerset, tho schooner Captain Cook arri !j from Bowen, with a warrant lor tho . tho Count." "n 01 James Madden, n messenger In one of la Government offices, who has been mlsi|DB f Bomo days, was seen yesterday at Footsctny. Mr. Buddeo gavo his second aubsciktim, concert for tbe season last evening, at the To i hail, Prahran, in prosenco of a largo and brinijl'j assemblage. Mr. Buddeo has only given »f, concerts In public, but upon each occasion ,7 hlgh-cl nsa music selected by blm has uniform, 1 been well, nnd even brilliantly, Interpreted , j| tho concert of last evening was fully oniiiu, thoao previously given. The opening ptecahl tho programme was n grand septuor, by Bestial ven, for two pianos, with adagio and olleml movement, and was really brilliantly performlSl by Mre. Wlecher, Mies Horwllz, nnd Mbm. I Ascherbcrg nnd Buddeo ; and " Ntcchtllch I Grusa," a tenor eolo by Storch, was tr ceedlngly well eung by Mr. W. II. poU" man. An instrumental piece for gentlemen amateure, consisting of a ttlo for pianoforte olnrlonetto, and violoncello, by Beethoven' wae to Lava beon glvon ; but in con!tqUcnci of the absence of tho clerlonetle from whom no excuse waa received, an' adaelo from tho snmo composer had to hj ,n|, | etituted. Miss Horwllz played "Un jcu!f d'Ete en Norsvege," n grand fantauk forttJ pianoforte, lu n manner that showed to advenlsnf her powers as an executant. A concerto bvl Heneclt, In three parts— ollegro pntheUcol larghetto, and allegro agitato— was aleo plsyedfi by Mr. JBuddee, Mies Horwllz accompanying on if second pianoforte. Mr. Buddeo Is a hlghiyJl accomplished musician nnd a thorough master oK the art. As a performer on the pianoforte m has no rival In the coloHy. I Mr. Ellery, Government astronomer, lecture® last night at St. George's-hall; the chair beisgf occupied by Professor Wilson. About fifty orl sixty persona wore present, and tbo leeiurertf subject, " Electricity, and tho construction oil loicgrnphs," was treated with great stli/iy, and! very well received. £ "Tbe Pilgrim's Progress" end "The Career 1 Last Voyage, and Fate of Sir John JiauVUn,"i illustrated lectures by .Mr. J. Melvin, attracted il large audience In Alma street Church on M evenings of Monday and Tuesday last. Tht!K.|| turer was woll received and frequently opplauM,® as also wero the different scenes exhibited slii| the Umo-light. Mr. Melvin has been requuttil to re- deliver Ills lecture on " Sir John FranUla"! to-night, In the West Melbourne PresbyUriia) Church. Tbo proceeds, we understand, will la la aid of the church building fund. 1 An entertainment is announced to be given at the Forcstcr's-hall, Colllngwood, for threw nights, commencing this evening. 1 There was a fair house at ths Royal lui night, and tbe performances were very well th ceivod . " Hernial" was repeated laat nlgbt at tU Duke of Edinburgh Theatre, to a good liouis This evening will be produced " Romeo aul Juliet," tho principal characters to be sustalnel by Miss Bowrlng, Mr. Walter Montgomery, aw Mr. Stcolo. 1 