" EXCELSIOn.,, TUESDAY;, APRLL 7, 1868.. SeN?ET Smith remarked that it was not the man who first mentioned any now improvement that deserved credit for its introduction, but the man who talked so loud and long about it, that he finally compelled the public to hear him. It is the. latter- class of public characters which we most require in Gippsland. We have no lack of men of talent; there is no soarcity of minds fruitful of invon. tions, but there is a deficiency of perse verance. Innumerable schemos have been propounded from time to time for developing and advancing the district, someof them Utopian, andt others reason able, practical and feasible, but few of the plans suggested have been carried into eflect. They have been the theme of conversation for a week or a month; their advantages have been discussed, but theirnorelty soon lost its attraction, and as some more exciting topic engrossed the public attention, they have been aban doned.. In some cases, where the sub. jeet was of more than usual importance, meetings have been held and committees appointed to carry the matter to a suc cessful issue, but tie gentlemen composing those committees usually wanted energy ; they could not bear rebuffs and reverses, and after one or two unsuccessful appeals to the proper authorities for assistance Fl: they have abandoned the undertaking in nu despair, and resigned their appointment l, because their applications were not more favourably entertained. Such was the ,h fate of that gigantic movement for erect- ++ ing a termanent entrance to the Gipps. laud Lakes. .lany schemes were pro- fei posed, and each Lad a large number ni of supporters, but the most plausible be proposition has heren permitted to p fall to the ground. With the departure of Tom Cringle from the colony, the matter has been allowed to collapse, and even the ghost of that distinguished A gentleman, which haunted the metro- mi politan papers for some time after the original had quitted the scientific circles le: of lVictoria,had not the courage to revert ex to the subject. Providence has been propitious during the past season; there y have been few natural interruptions to n the usual maritime trafllc; and, although Co our export trade is continually increasing, do because ressels of light draught are able th to ply regularly between Melbourne and th the lakes, we hear no more of the per- do manent entrance. And yet we admit that our present trade cannot be depended th upon. An adverse season may again choke ulp the narrow channel at the mouth of the en Ileeceslliver,and communication may be ka soon cut off in that direction. There can .be no doubt that when, such a circum- cc stance ocura the movement wtll b re- hi vived. Some day, no matter hoe- dis tant, the work will be accomplished ; but e it requires loud and prolonged agita- a tion. The obstacles in the way may be it great, but they are not insurmountable, IT audit is to be hoped that when the ques tion again occupies the attention of thest peotle of Gippsland they will persevere until the work is completed. It is not so much, however, with the lakes' entrance a that we wish at present to deal as with the is clearing of the Latrobe bar. This is a work, a compared witithe other, of very moderate prolortions. Some £1200 or £1300 woud do all that is required to be done, r and yet it appears to be as far from com pleton as it was four years ago. Various t comminittees have had the matter in hands, I andthe result of their labours have been 1 comparatively small. Perhaps, however, h on the last occasion circumstances were vdrf much against the committee. As far baeck'as the years 1865, public meet- g ings were convened, and the advantages a of the lundertaking clearly defined. By a frequent importunities, a grant of £1000 was obtai?ned from Government to assist in bxeiftting the work, and to defray the preliminary expenses. Misr Edward Watson tendered for the work to the ex tent of this vote,, and his tender was anetted as accepted in February, 1867. c Whether Mr Watson had any intention j of'fulfillitng his engagement we cannot say, but it is evident that lie was not in a ptsition to carryout the work; for at the time when the bar should have been opened for traffic, he had not well com- 1 rrenced operations. The engineer could wnt report favourably on the progress made by Mr Watson, who, having failed to comply with the conditions imposed, the contract was cancelled, and fresh I tenders wore invited. This proceeding on the part of the committee afforded a t pietext to the Government to withdraw the assistance which had been pronmised ; for we find inAugust last that the Depart. ment of Works officially stated that, " as tlhe colitract for the works at the Latrobe Jari hadd been gazetted in the name of a EdsardeWatson, the vote of £1000,passed in 1800, would lapse it the work he not carried. out. by him." Thebs committee remonstrated against this proceeding, but the- Government proved obdurate ; the £1000. was added, to. the. Treasurer's savings,. and we have heard nothing further in connection with clear ing the Latrobe Bar since. A letter will.ljo found in another column from a resident in Sale, in which the inhabitants of this township are taken to account for their apathy in a.matter which so closely effects their best interest, and the future importance of the town itselfi Without wishing to argue from the same basis as the writer of the letter referred to, we agree withhimthat the work if completed would confer rmany advantages, not only on the inhabitants of this township, but also on a large portion of the outlying district; the majbrity of our settlers would have a much better opportunity of forwarding their produce to a ready market, whilst the expense of land car ringe would, in many instances be con siderably lessened. Every undertaking which would afford additional facilities for traffle tends to the advancement of the district, and the opening up of our rivers for the purposes of their naviga. tion. iieed not produce any antagonism among our local interests. We are not aware that the Latrobo committee has yet resigned its trust, and should it be still in existence we recommend those gentlemen who. have taken so much trouble for the publia weal,, not to relin quish their task; but on the contrary to renew their exertions, and we have no doubt that their efforts will finally be attended with success. Iftltis.deplorable crisis were only amicably terminated, and both houses of Parliament settled down to the work of practical legislation,-we believe that many of our grievances would receive timely consideration. Suppose we abandon all claim to the £1000t which was voted for clearing the Latrobo bar, there is every reason to expect that a similar amount will be re-voted for the same object; but we miit renew ourapplication, tbor experience of Victorian Parliaments proves that it is only by repeated importunities that we may expect to have the smallest favours conceded. The subscription lists for presentation of a testimonial to Dr Aruclhe will close on the 2nd prox, those wishing to contribute can forward their donations to Air George Ross,. Sale, in the interval.. The monotony of Foster-astreet was en livened on Saturday night by a fracas on curring amongst a number of visitors to the oncert-room at the Club Hotel. In the mdist of the melee, however, the police op portunely put int anu appearance, and, having quelled the distramubace, removed a couple of the tnost demonstrative rioters to'the lock up. A couple of hack races, and one or two trials of skill between pedestrians, consti- tuted the sole amusement as a finale to the race meeting on Saturday on the Greenwattle course. The principal portion of tie day was occupied in removing the booths and temporary structures, and ore night the site was entirely vacated, and left for the cattle to renew their depasturing undisturbed. The entries for tihe principal events of the ' races to come off at Ilosedalo on Easter lMonday andi Tuesday, together with the I weights, will be saen in another column The i programme comprises in all nine events-tire for Monday and four for the succeeding day. The entries for'tha Iosaedale IHandicap, the ] Flying Handicap and the Steeplechase, are a numerous, and comprise some first- rate int blood, so that the meeting bids fair to be CaI a great success, and bolds out sufficient in. 31o du cement to attract a large assemblage. the \- The allotments of laud declared for. thil feited by the government, for non pay- fou ments of rent due in the months of Novemn. obt her nul December, 1S67, will be proclaimed fon open for leasing to-imorrow. the The resignation of .Mr Edward Kelsall, as a registrar of nmarriges for the district of Alberton, has been accepted by the govern- ment. The truth of the old adaze, " Justice has leaden feet but iron hands," was forcibly exemplified in Sale yesterday. Some two years since, a saddle was stolen from Mr Matthew Travers, and all attempts to dis- cover traces of it proved unavailing. Yester day, however, the saddle was identified in the possession of a party in the town, and the police have taken such steps as will doubtless soon obtain a conviction of the thief. A man named Henry Willsford, whilst endeavouring to muster horses in what is known as Dickson's yard, on Sunday, preparatory to the half-yearly muster on the common by the herdsman, was thrown from his horse, and suffered a fracture of the scapula, he was enabled to walk to the nearest house, from whence he wtas conveyed in a spring cart to Sale, for surgical treat- ment. The sale of Mr William Pearson's blood stock took place yesterday at the yards of Messrs Pearson, English and Peck. The attendance was extremely meagre, and there was little or no competition. Fifteen colts and fillies were offered, only two of which met with purchasers at a very mode- rate figure. The subscribers to the muff cricket match- Sto be played for the benefit of the Gippsland Hospital on Easter Monday, are increasing. Nearly £12 has already been collected in half-crowns, the amount of entry; The novelty of the match will, no doubt, excite a good deal f interest, and we may expect to see a large attendance to witness the sport. An accident occurred yesterday morning, near Bairnsdale, to a man named Nathaniel Lett, in the employ of Mr McIntosh on the Mitchell River. Whilst riding in the bush, Lett's, knee came in contact with a tree, causing a compound fracture of the knee joint. The patient was brought into the Gippsland Hospital last night. He was in a weak state, and it has not yet been decided whether it will be necessary to amputate the limb. A meeting of subscribers to the fund for cutting a new track to the Crooked River via the top plains was held at the Shakes peare Hotel, Stratford, on last Saturday evening. Mr Landon having been voted to the chair a committee was appointed, con sisting of Messrs Boyce, Rallston, Landon, Strauss, Walker, Gellatly and Dickens, who were requested to take in hand, and carry out the work of cutting the new line, to supervise the same, and to see that the funds were expended to the best advantage. IMr. A. Strauss was. appointed secretary and treasurer. Mr E. Thompson, an old bush. man in Gippsland, and the promoter of the track was. in. attendance. The committee will meet again on Thursday for the pur pose of conipleting arrangements for carry ing out the, work. About L30 has already been raised by local subscription, Some months ago we published a tele gram to the effect that a rumour had ob tained circulation, in Melbourne that his Excellency the Governor had in November last, sent home his resignation, and that it had been accepted. We observe by the Australasian that there was, at least, some slight foundation for the report; That journal says.1-" During the week a. rumour. has been prevalent that some months since His Excellenoy the Governor tendered his resignation to the Imperial authorities. This is not strictly correct ; but we believe that in a.despatch forwarded about the time referred to, His Excellency, after pointing out the difficulties of the position, intimated that if the course he had deemed it right to take was disapproved of, or if. it was con sidered that some other Governor would be better able to grapple with the crisis, he was perfectly willing to resign. It is scarcely probable, however, that the Colonial-office will act upon such a communication, and, indeed, it is not easy to discover any benefit that would be likely to accrue from the sub stitution of.any other for the present re. presentative of her Majesty in Victoria. Another thing to be considered is, that a too frequent change of Governors is not likely , to improve the character of the colony at homo." In the Government Gazstte of Friday, lands in the undermentioned areas have been pro claimed open for leasing, viz. :-Bengworden, Bumberrah, Coongulmerang, Murmurng.. (Particulars as to the above may be obtained at the Land office, Bairnsdale). Bungaleen, parishes of Nuntin and Sale ;: Heyfield, parishes of Toongabbi and Winnindoo; Invermichie, parish of Stratford ; Macarthur mere, parish of Ycerung ; Mollison's Bridge, parisl of Winuindoo; and Winnindoo (A), Sparish of Toongabbi South. The Governor in Council has been pleased to revoko the cancellation of the under mentioned licenses under the 42nd clause of the Amending Land Act, 1805, viz. :--Henry Bogg, 20a., parish unnamed ; Joseph Finch, 20a., parish unnamed; Thomas R Molphy, 20a., parish unnamed ; Donald McFadyen, 20a., parish unnamed; Thomas Shiells, 80a., Toongabbi North; Francis Stamforth, 20a., Wy.Yung. In tli A rgui of the 3rd instant, under the a head of " judicial and law notices," is noted ] o a " petition for tihe winding-up of. the Gipps- ( . land Lakes' Navigation Company (Limited). L o An impression seems to be abroad that this t n relates to the Glppaland ,Steam Navigation v y Company (Limited.) We have been ro d quested to mention that the notice referred c to has no relation to the Gippslannd Steam a Navigation Company at present trading be. tween thoe Gippaland Lakes and Melbourne I under that title. A boy named Douglas accidentally shot a servant girl named Barbara Johnson, at Newtown, Scarsdale, on Thursday afternoon. Douglas was playing with a pistol, when it went off acdidentally, and.ashot the girl in the face, below tho eye,. As a sample of the excellenco of beef cured in this colony, it may be mentioned.that Captain Ayling, of the Aberdeen clipper ship (rt Moravian, tested on Thursday three casks that had been on board his ship about thirteen months, and the contents oere found to be, if anything, superior to the beef obtained at home. Captain Ay)lig also in- M forms the Age that every voyage the ships of the Aberdeen Line take on their dep:uture Ti from homle bctween five and six hundred tins of sixteen pound Snight each of presecrved fresh meat, which eosts about 7.t per pound. M Now. if, as stated here, preserved meats can co be had at from 4~d to 5dd per pound, we there is little doubt, should the matbe epre- fr served in such a way as to stand a voyage ad home and Lack, a ready market nmay beo found for it, more particularly if the comn- i patny that has already started will go the di right way to worlk about the matter, and fr send a case on board of two or three vessels of free of charge, to lie taken horne and brought ec back again as a sample. The Blollrarrft Sar \writes on the same subject:-"1A number of a1 gentlemen met on Wednesday afternoon, at ln the stores of 'Messrs. Ri. and S. Gtibbs, to rt test a tin of mutton preservedt by Mr. S. S. tI Ritchie's process. The trial tin opened con-. t tained a whole leg of mutton without bone. l It had been preserved lor two months. anll when turned out was all that could be wished. c It appears that at present the company filts wI a difflliculty in procuring ties, and hence the o fact that none of the preserved meat has c previously found its way to Ballarat. All that cou'd be packed has been taken by the I Galatea and the Great Britain; but now that a few tins can tie had, it is, we believe, a the int? tion of MAr. Gibbs to invite the a ptL lieo no taste the meat, for which purpose C a supply will be spread at Craig's loyal I1 Hotel on an early day, of which due notice will be given. We may mention that the preserved meat can be lauded and sold in Europe at about 4d. per lb." An intention, on the part of Mr. Gibbs, highly hospitable I and Iaudible. 1 It is stated that the Minister of Justicn I has allowed Mr Nolan, J.P., an inquiry into thie charge made against him of being a Fe nian sympathiser. Their Ionours the Judges in Banco, after. consulting with Mr Justice Molesworth,Chicf I Judge of the Court of Mines, on Thursday decided that, although as Judge of the Court of Mines, from which it was con. sidered there was no appeal, Mr Justice SlMolesworth had decided on a question,. r they could entertain, the same question I when it came tbefore them on a point of law. The matter arose out of thei case of McCafferty v Cummins, in which it was con tended that the Band of Hope Company had forfeited some ground through not proceed ing with, the work in. accordance with the local byelaws. The company, to avoid for. feiture, had fallen back on rights they held to the ground, under a frontage claim, before they converted it into a block claim; but the Chief Judge of the: Court of Mines had decided that frontageo claims merged when a block claim was taken out for the same land, and the c.?e for the Banco Court iras stated by the Judge of the Ballar.t Court of Mines Sly consentof the parties. A country paper states that a discovery of silver has been made at Linton's,and that the a discoverer, Mr Tibbet, has applied to register 640 acres of the ground in which the metal exists. The metal lihas been found in payable quantities, and oil the surface. There seems, however, to be something; not satisfactory about the alleged discovery. Mr Lynch, the mining surveyor, wsas on the ground on Thursday for the purpose off marking out claims, but nobody was present to indicate r the locale of the find. Flocks of emu are now taking their way e down from the mountains of Gippsland towards the plains, where they prefer spending the winter. Some of the miners on the Dargo had an interesting chase after a flock last week, and, with the assist ance of swift kangaroo dogs, managed to secure one or two birds in very good feather. A Beechworth journal thus refers to the late running match : - " Cusack has challenged Higgins, the now champion runner of the colonies, to run different dis tances. in the Wangaratta district for tile sum of £200 aside. We hear the same sum 1 that Cusack received for running in Mel s bourne will be offered HIiggins for.runner in y Wangaratta. If accepted by lliggings (and e we think he can scarcely refuse to run in Wangaratta on such terms), the race will likely take place early in May. The following notice ofra singular accident is given by the Soutl Australian Regsiter, as o having-occurred at Port Adelaide on Friday : -" A man named Daniel Woeman, employed in ballasting the Clodian, whilst engaged in shovelling sand front a barge alongside, accidentally struck his shovel violently against a large stone placed to hold a tar. t paulin spread between the barge and the vessel, and the violence of the concussion broke his asmn above the olbow." What is a " colt" was a question partially raised in the County Court at Ballarat on Wednesday, in the caso Duke v. Helpburn and another. The plaintiff bought " a bay colt," which turned out to be a (worthless old horse, aged fourteen years. Parentheti. cally it was argued that a horso is always a colt till broken in. The pratice in police and district courts of not paying due attention to the proper wording of conviction orders, is becoming rather too common to meet the ends of justice. Some week ago, says the Hleral, Mary Couzens, the landlady of the Cross Keys hotel, was fined L'20, or in default one month's impoisonment, for allowing pros titutes to assemble on her premises. The conviction, however, did not provide for any previous effort to levy the nroney by Sdistraint, and yesterday at the BIourike Oeneral Sessions, Mr Justice Pohlman, after hearing the arguments of Mr Quinlan, through which the woman appealed, do. a decided that the conviction mwas not legal, and rquashend it acncordingly. It seems ex. traordiunry' indeed, that magistrates will not see that a fuine may be levied fromn a ann in due course, even though he iayi not happen to have the exact amount in hIis pocket at the time the line is ismposed. In the ease of George Simns alias "' Pro. fessor Jacques," santenced to death at the t MeIlbourno Sessions for a capital offeneo on the person of his daughter, the Executive have comnmuted the senltence to toen years' SIhird labour on the roads, time irst three in a ironis, thitr beiing rea8ona to believe that theb girl was ai ssoentingl party. ' 