THE SOUTH AFRICAN GOLD FIELDS, : -WHERE THEY ARE, WHAT THEY ARE, .'??; AISTD THE BEST ROUTE TO THEM. ? IVonxPort Elizabeth to Hope Town there are ?several. .excellent roads. The Baardepoort, vid Uitenhave, and through the Gvaaff Remet divi sion, iis the most direct. Over the Zuurberg, wet: the Somes set Division, a very excellent voad has been constructed, and this is tho road gene rally travelled by carriers. They pass through the village of Cradock, and eo forward through Oolesberg on the Hope Town. Distance from .Port Elizabeth, 375 miles. There is, of course, .constant and easy communication between the' various towns and the border districts. The distance from Port Elizabeth to Hope Tuwn i* certainly not more than 375 miles. From thio a regular trader's route exists to the gold regions. Certainly other routes exist — such for instance as from Coles burg, by Phillipolis and Faurc smith in the Free State, or via Potchefstroo'n in the Transvaal Republic— but it would be con fusing; to indicate all, and thare are good reasons for giving a preference to the one detailed. By adopting it not only ia a regular track taken, but both the Orange Fres SUte and Transvaal are avoided. It is probablo that difficulty would exist with regard to taking fire-arms and ammunition through either, or both — and they are still thoroughly independent of the British Government, and one of them (the Transvaal) lays claim to dominion over the gold country Great inconveuienee miy be experienced in passing through, these countries. Any person who g3es by Potchefstroom must turn to the west ward in order to avoid the Tsetse fly* and joiu the Cape colony route indicated. He then can go either northward from Mabosta, along the banks of the Mariqua, or may proceed to Kolo beng, the place of Secheli, who is the Christian chief of the Bakwains, and . with whom a mis sionary (Rev. Mr. Price) resides. Looking at our route statement, it wiU be seen that a weeks' journey from this print briug.3 a traveller to Batnangwato (or Sho'ahonglpMachin's residence and the missionary station of the Rev. Mr. M 'Kenzie. It is then necessary to tarn north east, and by means of a well beaten and level track the Tati is reached in eight or niue day?. In the country between Machm's place (Barnangwato) aud the gold-fields, there are ? many small streams to be crossed. These arc* not always running, but pools at least are in variably to be found. The climate is remark ably healthy, and although the summer tempera ture is high at midday, the mornings, nights, ! and eveuinga, even, thoa, are cool and comfort able. Oil all side3 the country is well wood«d and there is plenty of grass. Small game may be found iu abundance, and the giraffe, rhino ceros, and buffalo are s b ill occasionally to be seen, but the elephant has now disappeared. The rainy season commences in the month of November aud ends ia March. The route through the colony to H^pe Town is, of course, always easily travelled. It is unnecessary to extend this pamphlet with remarks ou the climate and capabilities of the British posses sions and Free States of South Africa. It does not seem mat apropos to mention that numerous diamonds have been found close to the Orange River, within the Hope Towa dis trict, as well as in regions nearer that river's source. One valued at £400 has been sent to Eugland, and the last diamond weighs 13 carats, and has been, this month, for war led to Cape Town for inspection. Most of these gems have been thoroughly tested in London, and full in formation regarding them is in the possession of Mr. Julyau, the A«ent General for Crown Colonies. *The Tsetse' (Glossinia morsitans) is a dipterous insect a little larger than the common house fly and of a brown colour with four yellovi bars across the abdomea. Dr. Livingstone says, 'its bite is almost certain death to the ox, horao, and dog.' It is harmless to man, and also to the mule, ass, the antelope, and wild aukaals. The Cape colonists' have not the slightest de sire to exaggerate the importance of the valuable discoveries of gold, which are now attracting so much attention — but it ' certainly does seem desirable that the facts in their posse3siou , should be mado as public as possible. IE it occur, as seems highly probable, that strangers ;', will be attracted to our shores, they must boar J in mind thac the gold regions ars at such a con- j siclerable distance from any port, that at least £30 or £40 will be required to tike each person ; to tho diggings. The mode of'coavo'yanee gene- ! rally is by bullock waygon,,ancl'the average rate : of ( progress not more than 20 miles a day. Transport is abundant and easily procurable, while judging from' the comparative rate3 paid befcwean- Natal a*vl ihv Fr3ts Stales and Port , Elizabeth and the Free S'iatn, it is much cheaper here than in the sister colony. Tents would bo very' useful, — an 1 warn clothing, as well as the, usual requisite?, should b-- provided. 11 .lies at 8 of coarse, ineoj:ip1iiM,blv superior to oxen for, passenger transport, and a company is now being formed which will si'cnra regular communication at reasonable rates between Port- Elizabeth and the goUl- fields by inoann of mule wagon trains. By thn means pnsseas^rs will resell the dig gings in befcwesn twenty to twenty five days f rcm this port. CORRESPONDENCE' BETWEEN HIS EXCELLENCY TITE GOVERNOR ANT) 'YL-UJEIIN, TOGETHER WITH LATrST IXTELLTGKN-CE. O.\ the 29fcu of M. ireh, 18RS, thd chief M«ichin addressed she letter r.o II, s Excellency Sir P. E Wo'iehousi-\ Governor of the Cape Colony to which reference h.n.s already boon made. In Lhi-i communication h 3 refers Co Un1 fixct tb.au t'^dcrs ;uvl visitors had pa.Vly cravolled through his country for mviv year? ; ail, -i.fter alluding to the existence of rich gol 1 fiel Is, rae'itmns th.it the Transvaal Government LiJ desired hun to haul tho di'j'jricfc ovav to then lie proc-eds to state that he i& wiiimg to give up the eoontiy to Britain for sufficient compensation (details of which could be subsequently settled) in conse quence, chiefly 'of his feeling utterly unquali tied to govern such a community as that of gold diggei-3 h described to be.' The letter termi nate3 in the following manner : — Meanwhile, and until I hear from your Excel lency, it is my iunention to encourage such gold diggers as make their appearance, by granting them permits fco dig at a nominal price, by en rolling the names of such psvnit holders, and by empowering one or more of their number to ad minister justics in the gold- fields ; and these I shall take in the earnest hope that speedily my weak efforts to sustain law and order among Biitish subjects. may be superseded, by the ad vent of the power, of Eugland.' In reply to this letter, Sir P. E. Wodehouse (on the, 2ad June) iaforms-Machiu that he is gratified at the confidence expressed in the British iGoveruaient, and acltnit3 the obligation of protecting him, as far as possible, from suf fering wrongs at the hands of any subjects of of her Niajssty. But in order to enable His Ex cellency to judge of the manner in which this can be accomplished, full information is re quested both with regard to the gold country and the means of * travelling to it. The Rev. John Mackenzie (missionary with Machin) on the 20th May, 1858, writes to the Governor stating' that it was not in his power to send any spacimeus of gold when he despatched his first letter. 'Last week, however, an Englishman on his way from Moselikatza'o to this place, picked up a few pieces of quartz at the diggings loose piecas lying on the surface — and the en closed is part of one of those. A richer speci men was obtained from the same lunap of quaitz (which was not originally so large as a man's list) but this had been given away before my ap plication.' \ At the same time that this last quotsd communication arrived, several samples of gold quartz were received in the colony. Letters arrived from the diggers. Mr. G. Black writing from the '{Victoria Digging!,' says :- 'The pit we have sunk is about forty feet deep, an old sinking, -perhaps five hundred years ago. We are going to the bottom of it to see what they have been doing, and we shall know how to get on. It is there where we have found the gold .dust, among9t the old stuff that has been dug before, when we get there we expect to find the noggefes. There is every prospect of success, as far as we can judge; for miles aod miles all round there are quartz ridges, and room enough for thousands here, All that come must come on the same footing that we have come, except that we have found what we have come for, but not in sufficient quantities to pay, but still iu expectation of doing so.' The Rev. Mr. M'Keuzie mentions that there is an abundance of game, both large and small, in the immediate neighbourhood of the tjold iields ; but in order to kill them, an experienced hunter, on horseback, is necessary. Mr. Black says, I4T think we shall be short of water iu the middle of winter here ior working purposes. We shall always have plenty for our own use.' Gold dust aud gold quartz specimens were received by several merchants in Port Elizabeth, ! and thb news was looked upon as confirmatory, and satisfactory. The N,ital papers express themselves in the iuo,it sanguine terms, and re- ' ? mark upon the exact manner in which Herr ' M.uich's statements ure ii course of being veri fied. The Transvaal Aryus thus writes upon the subject :— t ;'' Potchefstroom -was 'thrown into a state of considerable ^ excicement ' on the 2nd (July), ' f when it became1 known ttiat the Rev. Mr. ! 'M;Kenzie had ariiyod. The excitement became ' intense when it was ascertained that, the rev. ' , gentleman had brought intelligence of a late date \ direct from 'the Victoria gold- fields, was the bearer of several letters from the diggers them selves, and had brought n sample of gold from ' the now u:^mg-\ ,Of course we went to cce, ,' i ?having beon attacked, fov tho time being, with '. all tho symptoms of 'the gold fever. The --; ' mj-th,' as the gold dibovory has been torn^d, ha3 resolved itself in(o a. itu^e, clous fact. The samples produead by the Rev. Mr. Mackenzie r-' are two pieces of qunrtz, partly crystalise'd,' ' '.' richly, very richly, slivJded with gold, having' solid pieces, some latgov even than a pin's head, , imbedded in the stouo, and yet the richer pieces, parts ol tne same sto/.-o, tiad already been for-', ' warded to Sir Philip Wodahonse, aad also to i Graham'a Town ; those pL-cs we have not seen, but the rev. gentleman azures us that they a'e richer far than those brought by him io Potch- ' of-stroom, aud thdt all are parts of the same ',,. scone taken fiom ihe suifu/o, picked up close' ; to where the diggers arc now at woik; in fact, iL the oul'pan-pUuje. Thes-ts pieces of .quartz ' ' fully prove the supeiiur riehi.ess of these now, , and vast gold-fields, to vruich the; name of 'Vic toria' had been given, in honor of her Majesty '' the Qaeen of England. All doubts, therefore, - that may at one time have been felt, ought now, we consider, to be effectually dispelled.' The JS'atal Mercury last to hand, observes : — 'The specimen of gold from the 'Victoria' diggings was exhibited at the store of Mr. A. W. Evans iu West-street Durban, it was a really splendid one. It w as exceedingly rich, the parti cles of gold shining thickly all over the quartz. Alongside of it was placed a specimen of golden quartz from the Calif or- nian, mine, with which the Victorian specimen contrasted most favour ably. Mr. W. H. Evans estimated that a ton of such quartz would yield from 200 to 250 oza. of gold. Mr. Erans' store was visited all through the day by crowds of anxious Durbauites, who all seemed more or less smitten with the golden fever, and were anxious to assure themaelves of, the full reality of the ' diggings,' by visiting and inspecting a specimen from them. This speci men was forwarded by F. W. Ried, Esq , of Potchefstroom, who bad it from the Rev. Mr. M'Kenzie, and it is one of the specimens com mented on by the editor of the Transvaal Argus.' It appears from the last intelligence that Mos elekatze has entirely withdrawn his claim to Machin's country. In writing this pamphlet, it will be observed that the latest information from the gold- fields as above, appears in a supplemental form at the end. If fresh intelligence of importance arrive it will probably be published in a second edition. The work has necessarily been hurried on in order not to lose the mail for England, which leaves on the day of publication. The fact that gold- diggings exists throughout great and fertile regions, has been demonstrated, j the best road to them pointed out, and the latest { information supplied. The immense fertile re { gions of South* Africa, now may obtain, thafc at j teutioa they should long ago have received. In conclusion. I desire to tender my besfc thanks to Mr. Hume (A. C. Stewart and Co.)f and to other gentlemen, for the very valuable information and assistance rendered by them. The suicide mania continues unabated in 'New York. On the 29l;h Catherine Youghau cut her threat with a ras *r ; Daniel Miller, who had been lockvd up on a charge of a3saa!t and battery committed suicide by hauging himself to an iron bar of the ventilator o( his cell. An unknown man at Coney Island blew out his brains with a pistol shot. All in 24 hours. A Mr. Mangum met a ghost a few nights ago, npar Corinth, Miss., fired for ten minutes at it, climbed a tree, fell to Mie ground, and a day or two after being found died -in great agony, de claring that the ghost was the spirit of a yoang man whom he had killed during the war. A terrific explosion of oil occurred last night, July 25th, at Album Oil Works of Lafferty and Waring, about three miles from Pittsburgh, Pa., resulting in the death of a young man named. , James Gonigle, and the fatal injury probably, of Robert Lafferty, one of the proprietors. The man i« still missing, and ia supposed to have ? been killed. Two horso thieves were ly ached at Memphis, Tt'un., on the 30th July. 