SSCRAPS.__ ON RECEIVING FROM? ENGLAND ABUNCH OF DRIED WILD FLOWERS.:?:?:: *(W. A. Magazine, October.;) Pale Ghosts I of fragrant things that grew among The woods and vallies of my native land, Phantoms of flowers I played with long ago:- Here are the scented violets I sought In their cool nooks of verdure, and the bells::: That fringed the mountain crag with lovelhesti blue; Here are the flushing clusters of the.May,: i The dainty primrose on its slender stem ;-. And the forget.me-not--all faint and:pale :.,. As those dim memories of home that haunt:-. The exile's wistful heart 4n banishment. I look around arnd see7 A thousand gayer tints ; the wilderness - Is bright with gorgeous rainbow colouring ;*:- . Of flowers that haveno dear familiar names I see them closing erethe dews of night Have touched -their waxen leaflets: close they i::. fold Their tender blossoms through the dairkeied Shours, ?nd will not:open, though the fractious windsi,: Should-vrestle with their roots and strain.:tlhei 1stems. Trhey?aiknntiit.niitil the softer:?irs,-'. : .;ii Bieathed from the isyi lips of earl' morn ::i C-me 4ihiisperiing "lo the lordly siisinighi,"-? Biut ii my hind th se- i u 0mmoi ias Lie Ll:el p1icessed a aslighyt elecriG link, By wnchyh thougit .over- passes time :and spce,i. Inotll iraoidlsi th it plkeoid tJsiio othoi Iarids That never more to any tobh4 ft mine Shall tirill res osive - Blessed bi those hianids Withiir sp'iproous lars, Efrwitful throuiih lonig 0 1 all ih s t uest tomdere) t cliarities. i~·: : ;.'·. ·;~.·:~·sr`~ ·.7B WHAT 5 iit you mus t keep aIifter: givinoi- itto anotihier ?-Your wo?d?: . . :':i S: Wui is it impossibife for a i persionwio lisps to believe in the existence?of :younhlidies ?- ie .takes every. miss for a i~iythi. : W o¾rn is the most liberal manl The :Grocer, because he gives almost everythiig a weighi. IixiVu " str·iCk 'tlhe i-yre;' as the chap 'said when lie iknocked down a slandereri:. : Th':Ti is tihe end of my tale,' as the tadpole said when :he turned iito a billl-frog. .ASi a lady her age, and the infortnation con :tained in her reply: \ili probably iinot be reliable'; but inquire the age of heir dearest friend, and the ariswier nmay be imnplicitly believed. THE three most difficult things are-to keep a secret, to forget an injury, and to make good use of leisure. OLD fools are more foolish than young oncs; they have had much longer practice,. - THE farmer is a conquerbr.whi wins Vi etories upon important fields---at the poiit o-f- the ploughshare. :: r. a -R not thle writings of an egotist,: if you would nt:come iunder the (iifluence of the evil SSToInS generi~lly aie a mysteryb?bt you can always see the drift of a snbw-storm. "T Tmnsis paying dear for good company," as the rook said when he was put? into the pigon pie. :*NEVER run in debt, especially with shoemakers -for then you can't, say your sole is your owvn. HOLLOWAY'S OINTiuENT AND PILLS.-These highly esteemed mediciaments cannot be too strongly recommended for curing most of the maladies to which humanity is lheir. They are as suitable for the child first entering on the journey of life as for the aged and infirm. The Ointment is a specific for the cuts, bruises, abraisons, and eruptions, oftened witnessed in the nursery, and it is no less efficient in healing up soundly and permanently the chronic ulcers and bad legs which so often heap misery on advanced years By an early attention to the instructions wrapped round each packet of Ointment and Pills, any moderately intelligent person may abridge or avert the discomfort and misery of chronic ill-health. 