SELECT POETRY. MARRIED FOR MONEY. It was all over between us, you thought, when we parted, It was good-bye to me and and to trouble or care; A sigh and a tear, a poor boy broken-hearted, Mattered not for what feelings had you then to spare? It was nothing to you that my best hopes were shattered, For you know all the time that you meant we should part; Did you think with fair words I should ever feel flattered, From lips feigning truth with such fairness at heart? Ah, lovely and lost one, I lurk in the gloaming, And think of one midsummer twilight last year, But one little year past when we two were roaming With hand locked in hand by the still solemn mere, Have you, love, forgotten that night and those pledges, Half whispered, half sobbed, 'neath that calm summer sky? While still in my ear faintly shiver the sedges, And still the low splash of the water sounds nigh. Thet tell me you're happy; and yet, on reflection, I find they talk more of your wealth than of you; And if you have moments of thought or dejection, It may be those moments are known but a few. You've a boudoir in buhl, and an Erard a queue, love; You breakfast off Sevres of the real bleu du Roi; While what could I give you, whose heart was so true, love, Save that pour posy ring, with its 'Pensez a moi?' Now blame not your husband, nor think you're used badly, For 'twas simply a matter of money and trade; You named him your "figure," he paid it most gladly, But your heart was no part of the bargain he made. He wanted a wife who could well head his table, Who would humour his whims and obey his be- hests, One lovely and clever, one willing and able — To prove his good taste and to talk to his guests. There are times when 'midst riches and splendour you languish— When to still your poor conscience you fruitlessly try— Whilst tears are fast falling in bitterest anguish, You confess there it something that money can't buy. Yes, love, there are mem'ries that will not be buried, There's a ghost of the dead past that will not be laid; And while in the maelstrom of pleasure you're hurried, Do you never meet the sad eyes of the shade. 