©fce eg&tug; iflointitg ¿gerald THURSDAY, DECEMBER 24, 1868. In the Legislative Council, yesterday, Mr. Owen in reply to questions relative to the Panana route postal communication, stated that the Government had received no despatches relative to the discontinuance of the line : but that the local agents of the Panama, New Zealand, and Australian Koyal Mail Cempany had informed the Government, that on the return ot the Rakaia, which left here on the 2nd instant, the service would cease ; and in reply to a further question as to engagements with the P. and 0. Company Mr. Owen stated that the sudden and unexpected termination of the Panama contract, the Government had not had an opportunity of considering the general question. Some time was occupied in irregular discussion as to what the House should do pending the discussion of the Stamp Duties Continuation Bill in the Legis- lative Assembly-Mr. Owen asking the House to wait without previously stating the course he in- tended to pursue, or the object he had in view. At length the Pmesident invited members to retire for refreshment and to return at half- past 6. At half-past 0 the bill to continue the present Act to 31st December, 18G9, was brought up from the Legislative Assembly, The Standing Orders were suspended, the bill was read a first and second time, taken into committee of the whole, reported without amendment, and returned. The Council, on return of the Clerk of the House, adjourned until 4 p.m. Wednesday, Cth January next. In the Assembly, yeste^ay, ? Mr. Sutherland, in answer to Mr. Farnell, S9id that a survey of the Purramatta River had been made, but the Government were not prepared to recom- mend the expenditure at present. Mr. Samuel moved the suspension of the Standing Orders so as to be at liberty to carry a bill to continue the Stamp Duties Act through nil its stages in one day. He presumed that the proper time for dis- cussing the bill would be when ihe motion was made for its second reading. Mr. J. Stewart objected to tho renewal of this Act, and as the £55,000 for the Panama route would not be required next year, the stamp dutieB, which reached about that amount, might be done without. Mr. Haut nccuseâ Mr. Stewart of obstruction in niBking these observations. After some remnrkB from Mr. AValkeh, Mr. Piddington, Mr. Lvcas, Mr. Lee, and Mr. Huhns, in which all idea of obstruction wus repudiated, Mr. Samuel replied, and the motion was put and carried by a m bj irity of 41 to 5. On the motion of Mr. Samuel, the bill to continue the Stamp Duties Act was brought in and read a first time. Mr. Samuel moved the second rending of the bill. It 'nns intended to continue the duties for twelve months, and thiB period he thought to be quite short enough, in all conscience, as it would require the House to meet «gain in July, in order that the mea- sure should not lapse. He thought there could be no objection to the bill, as it was one which had been lett behind by thelatc Government. , Mr. Eagak denied that this was the same bill, though he allowed that he had been prepared to pro pcBO a twelve months' extension, But then, in doing this, he would haye slated the financial policy of the Ministry. 'Hie present Administration had not done this, and it wns not known that this would form part of their fiscal policy. He thought 6ix months would ben quite sufficient term, After some further observations from hon. mem- bers, the bill was read a second time. In committee, Mr. Piddington moved an amend- ment, limiting the continuation of the Act to six months. This wbb opposed by Mr. S. C. Bkovyn, Mr. Samuel, and Mr. Forste« ; and, after Bome discus- sion, wbb negatived on a division of 20 to 20. The bill \v»s reported, and the adoption of the report was carried by 40 to G ; and the third rending by a majo lity of 39 to G. Dr. Land moved the House into Committee of the "Whole, to consider as to the granting a gratuity of £1000 to Mr. Thomas Scott, of Brisbane Water, for his sen ices in establishing sugar-grewing in the colony. He would not now inflict a sp»ech on the Hou«e, but leave his remarks in support of the vote to the time when the House should be in committee. Mr. G AiuiETT seconded the motion, considering that no person had done more than Mr. Scott to enhance the material welfare of the country. Mr. J. Stewaht opposed the motion, because Mr. Scott had received land, assigned servants, and money , assistance fiom the Government to enable him to carry on the work ; and yet, after forty years, Mr. Scott had not succeeded in establishing n factory. ! After some few words from Mr. Lackey, Mr. H011ÏHT6ON and Mr. Martin recommended a reference of the matter to a Select Committee. Dr. Lang rcplipd, and the motion was put and carried by a majority of 25 to 10. , Mr, K0WI.AK obtained leave to bring in a bill to pre- vent the spread of the Oidium Tuckeri. The House went into Committee on the Road Act Amendment Bill, and the two clauses contained in it were agieed to without amendment. Mr. Roiieutson moved that the House, at its rising,, adjourn to Tuesday, 5lh January. This was agreed to, and the House rose at twenty minutes to 8' o'clock. _ The loss of many days on the vote of "Want of Confidence is not compensated by the quality of the discussion, or the value of the result. "We have not a majority which pro- misas any material change. ,The contest for power will be renewed. There are on both sides the House many who differ in nothing save on their title to rule, and the colony has no concern but that they should consent to alternate possession, since' they cannot cast lots. The discussion is but a repetition of charges and epithets, sometimes applied to one man, sometimes to another, and in turn to all. There is indeed much quotation of old speeches and letters. Eulogies, never perhaps sincere, ave now retracted, and imputations revived long practically ignored by co- operation. What hours have passed in restating and reviving them. Could there not be some method found to shorten these recitals like that for quoting Acts of Par- liament. Could not those passages where Mr. Forster describes Mr. Robertson, and Mr. RoBEBTsoK Mr. Parkes, and both Mr. Martin, be printed in a book paged and numbered, for facility, of reference, so as to avoid the necessity of spoiling the copies of the Herald by dogs-ears without end. Dr. Franklin recommended to his eld father, who pronounced a long grace before meat at every meal, to economise time by one grand thanksgiving over the provisions in bulk and barrel. It would help the House if they consider as read every para- graph once recited and referred to them as lawyers do to cases in point. We may be told that the object of these long accusations is to gain time and collect the lagging adherents. In this instance the advantage was on the side of Government as in possession, and every new convert was likely to excite the fears and hopes of those who doubted, as well they might, the inclination of the balance. We have been told some racy stories respecting the means of conquest, but we might disgrace the representation by revealing them, with- out causing a momentary blush on veteran cheeks. We must all of course receive with great delight the solemn declaration of Mr. Lucas, who is like the mathematical ass between the two bundles of carrots, held tight by the equality of attractions, and starved a victim by his incorruptible impartiality. Mr. Lucas gives us his three years' expe- rience of patient hope. Be once believed the post which fate reserved for Mr. Sutherland was stamped by destiny with the letters J. L. These heads of parties are always cheating simple-minded patriots, whose eye is singly fixed on a police magistracy, a vacant place, or a blessing of some sort. Mr. Lucas's lament deserves record. It is like the confession of Cardinal Woxsey ; it is the " Vanity of Vanities of the Preacher." While several of our . politicians have been earning the title of Honorable and the right to the official button, Mr. Lucas has learned in the school of adversity. "During this time he (Mr. Lucas) had been compelled to swallow many a bitter pill, voting for measures he did not like and opposing others that he was disposed to support. In this period he had seen more deceit, hypocrisy, and dishonour- able feeling, than during all his past political experience." We should really be dis- posed to sympathise with his afflictions where we quite convinced that Mr. Lucas throughout the happier portion of his parlia- mentary career has not enjoyed great facilities for taking care of himself. The difficulty he has recently encountered is that Mr. Robert- son, with his large political family, had to cast off Mr. Lucas, and so he was left out in the cold. This process has made many a patriot. The Martin and Robertson pills having disagreed so much with Mr. Lucas he will now imitate the resolution of the fat knight, Jack Falstait-"purge and live cleanly." The defeat of the motion of Mr. Parkes is no great misfortune. There was nothing in the composition of Robert- son's Cabinet to make *' a trial " dangerous to the public. Mr. Forster has been very elaborate in his contempt for all newspapers, especially the Herald. Mr. Robertson in the course of the session has repudiated them. We owe nothing and promise nothing! But these gentlemen, who have pronounced them incompetent, have heretofore been their col-f leagues j and thought, it no dishoaour/ to sit at the same,. Council. The colony has been cured of nervous anxiety about the compo- sition of Governments. They "have seen Ministries in which few men 'could face .their creditors, few pretend to statesman- ship except ' by intuition, few .except pro- fessional men compose a decent paragraph. People aie not, therefore, terrified at the aspect of the Treasury benches now. The feeling of society is that the Parliament itself is a something apart from the colony, and that if we never had another law enacted for the next seven years we should be able to live, providing the per centage of coin "going astray" were in reasonable proportion. We îepeatthe great failing of the Assembly is the gross peisonalities it tolerates. It is this by Milich it lias lost position in the colony. It is impossible to respect a House which permits its speakers to impute every crime in the Decalogue to its most eminent men. If truly imputed, they cannot but imprint the maiks of deep dishonour. If said without foundation, they show a barbarous insensibility to a good name. Some who ought to be most considerate, from their social and educational superiority, have not always justified the expectations their position has suggested. 'lhere M'as one speech wc nctice with regret akin to sorrow. Mr. Isaacs has shown him- self a master of invective, and we will not say unprovoked ; but no human being has a right to speak of a fellow-man in such terms as these : .; If his (Mr. Forster's) insignificant life were at an (lid this night, New South Wales would go on perhaps mere prosperous because of his death ; and except in a very small circle indeed ii week would not elapse befóte he would be forgotten. He would, descend -' To the \ilo dust from whence he sprung, Unwept, unhonoured, and unsung.' In the deep dishonours of the grave the lion, member would be surrounded by the corruption which he desired while living to tasten on others. But a time ' would come when in the- last consciousness of life the images of those whom he had thus vilified would rise like threatening ghosts before him." Our several shares in the memory of mankind are doubtful in reality as in value; but when we speak of the death-chamber, the grave, the dissolution of an adversary, we should do so with a sense of our own need of mercy. Such words are light to piofanity. At least let our political rhetoric respect the majesty of death. We remark without grudging the self-control displayed by Mr. Martin in his able defence of his Ministry, and the more so that he suffered considerable provocation. Mr. Parkes pos- sesses a place in public consideration peculiar to himself, and those who infer that one or two recent mistakes have thrown him into lasting ' exile had better wait before they act too decisively. Crossing over is not difficult in dry ' land, but it is a question of time and tide. " Tnis thing of the Presidency is like a ? maggot," said President Linooln. " If it takes hold of a body it manages to eat through the skin and into the flesh. The maggot has not taken hold of Grant yet, but there is no knowing how-soon it may begin to bite, nor how .deep it may go." Well, it has bitten -bitten the nation perhaps more deeply than the man ; and Grant, who, from being the idol of all parties, has recently been abused by one-third of the people as " the molasses thief," the " pony-stealer," the " cotton speculator," the " drunkard," the " deaf and dumb," " Hiram on the spree," " the butcher," " the tyranlji' the " military ignoramus," is tossed up on the surf of a mighty popular agitation, and now finds himself master of thirty millions of people and the " Bird of Freedom." So great a movement cannot be simply local in its effects. Its influence spreads from the shores of the American continent, like the Titanic convulsions of which we have recently been made aware, and it therefore becomes ,us to look into the exact nature of what has taken place, in order to see whether it bodes ill or good to the world. A soldier has taken the position from which a tailor has retired. It would be almost cor- rect to say he has succeeded to a position from which the tailor has been thrust; for Johnson's presence at the head of aflairs has scarcely been endured to the end of his term of office. It is reasonable to desire to know whether the one master will prove better than the other-whether the scissors will be found more lenient than the sword-whether the arbitrariness of the civilian will be as rigid as the arbitrariness of the great military captain. Many will augur ill from the fact of the politi- cal and military forces being united in one man, and he the pet of the army. Time alone will dissolve or confirm the fears that arise from this source; but in the meantime -it is perhaps possible to assist our minds to speculate intelligently respecting what the future is likely to be by taking a rapid glance at the man himself, Ulysses S. Grant, President of the American Republic. American biographists seem to consider themselves to be nothing if they are not pre-Raphaelesque. Thanks to this disposi- tion, we are left in no doubt as to the bearing and characteristics of the newly elected President. And gathering all together that has been thrown in our way by both parties in the recent conflict, we find shaping himself out before us is a quiet and perfectly-poised man-whose face speaks of .reserved and subdued strength-of a tem- per under complete control. There stands, in fact, before us a gentleman of the Lincoln school - solid - patient - en- during - genial and kindly - a man with an eminent capacity for business, and the ability to mind his own-a man who moves steadily to his conclusions, but is always equal to the emergency, and, notwith- standing a general slowness, seizes upon the moment of victory quick as lightning. He is represented as a steady plodder at "West Point, who did his work reasonably well, and made little impression on his tutors. He shrinks with womanly modesty from all things vulgar, and is not given to profanity. Genius is displayed by some men in the choice of the men they select to, execute their designs. The discovery of Lannes, Duhoc, and Bessieres, showed that Bona- parte was possessed of the divining-rod that could detect co-genius under the most unlikely surfaces. It was Grant's glory to be served by such captains as Sherman, Sheridan, and M'Pherson ; but he selected them from positions where they would not have been seen by an ordinary eye. Military success is a great test to a man ; but it seems not to have disturbed Grant's equanimity. The serenity of his nature .appears to have increased as he ascended, and when the victory of Vicksburg made him Lieutenant-General of t'ae army, and he was strong with the strength of successful M'ar, there waB nothing! in his appearance to attest the change. The same thoroughness t'nd common-sense which characterised him in the camp was i carried into political life after he had suc- ceeded to the supreme command, of the 'army. He was as victorious in his opinions as in his military movement». To us his statesmanship has been the statesmanship of common sense. His forte has been to do what was possible to be done at the time and to attempt no more. '* My paramount object," said Mr. Lincoln, " in this struggle is to save the Union, and is not either to save or destroy slavery." Grant, with a quick intuition which struck at once to the root of the question, and a corresponding glance at the forces at his command to enable him to effect his view, replied-" As anxious as I f.m to see peace, and that without slavery, re-established, I would not be willing to see any settlement until this question is for ever settled." Grant's conduct in navigating through the sandbanks of Reconstruction is suffi- cient to inspire confidence in his wisdom, humanity, and moderation. What did he say to those who insisted that the victories of Gettysburg, Vicksburg, Chatta- nooga, and Winchester, &c;, M'ere imper- fect unless the most noted captives were taken and hanged? When a bloodthirsty spiiit of revenge animated the populace maddened by the death of Lincoln, it re- quired a strong and serene man to say, " Vengeance is weakness : punishment is folly ; the scaffold will only dim the glory of the sword; blood enough has been shed; soldiers should not be hangmen ; mercy is sternness ; these men were gallant men ; we have not been warring with jail-birds like &' sherifl's .posse ; the duty of the hour is am- nesty to rebellion; let us begin with a pardon to' ' Lee;" these were the words of Grant. And so, if we follow the President in his policy in respect of the amnesty to a conquered rebellion, the military protection to the loyal negro' against the rebel white, until such time as the civil law gave him the power to protect himself, and the repress sion of the rebil spirit, his acts are such, so far as'we know them, as to commend them selves-to our sense of what is just, and mag- nanimous, and noble. What are his uews of foreign policy we da not know ; but, taking Reverdy Johnson's opinion, as delivered in the hearing of a British public, to express the sentiments of the Repub- lican party in America, there is little to appre- hend and much to hope for in this direction. The selection made by this great party appears to be eminently satisfactory, and one that is likely to serve the cause both of peace and progress. The Enomrh My ii..-Wo understand that no difference will be unido in the delivery of the English mail in oonso-, i quenco of to-morrow boing Christmas Pay. Tho letters will be sorted and delivered as speedily as possible after l they como to hand. ' i Distjuct Conn-.-Cause List : Millor v. Johnson, ' Howitt v. Hart, M'Oinlny v. Cowan, Sharpo ot ux. v. Sirkott, Morrison v. Gralwin, Morrison v. Burton, Carroll v. Hnnning and others, Spngnoletti v. Simpson. Ordination at St. Andrew's.-The name printod, H. Parker in this paragraph should be H. Barker. The gentleman ordained was Mr. Hugh Barker, formerly prac- tising as a solicitor at Grafton, and whose name was on Saturday last at his own request struck off the roll of attorneys of the Supreme Court. Thk Civil Service Musical Society's Concert. -There was a crowded and fasliioniiblo attendance ot tho Masonic Hall last ovoning on tho occasion of tbo seventh concert niven by the abovo society. Amongst tho audience were his Excellency the Earl of Belmore, and Mr. Du Cane, Governor of Tasmania, v.iho on arrival were received by a guard of honour. The entertainment, which was one of the most successful of the series, reflected great credit upon all who took part in it, and reflected marked credit upon tho musical conductor under whoso direction the orchestra hag been brought into its present efllcient state, «nd tho choral department drilled into very i reditable proficiency. Tho programme ombraced a choice» i election of vocal and instrumental music, the execution of i onie items of which would hiivo done credit to professional . talent. A basso song " A bandit's life," was splendidly endercd, as also tho soprano aria from Sonámbula, > ' While this heart its joys revealing." The chorus .' Kow tramp," by Bishop, which concluded tho first part of tho programme was rowarded by an encore. Tho second part went off with increased success, and a greater disposi- tion to tax the vocalists was exhibited by the audience. The executants of Arditti's "Stirrip cup," and Ernani, nvolami wcro deservedly encored, und although the same penalty was escaped by thoso who took part in the Miseiero chorus, from Verdi's popular opera II Trovatore, it was no less deserving of tho heartiost marks of approba- tion. The evening's amusement concluded with God Save the Queen. Woollamba and Paddington Literary Society. > -The last meeting of tho members of this society for the present year, took placo at the Congregational Sohool- room, Point Piper Hoad, on Tuesday evening last, the chair being occupied by Judgo Dowling. The entertainment on the occasion consisted of an excellent selection of readings, which were commenced by the Kev. T. Kemmis, who read with powerful eflcct and pathos, " Tho Brothers," by Joan Ingclow ; followed bv a spirited rendering of Hood's amus- ing. " Talo of a Trumpet," by Mr. It. Nott. Mr. C. O. Helm then read, with taste and feeling, " The Pauper's Burial," from Oliver Twist ; which was appropriately followed by a humorous reading, by Mr. W.'D. Meares, of Albert Smith's well known " Philosophy of Evening Potties ; " the whole being brought to a successful con- clusion by another reading from tho Rov. Mr. Kemmis, entitled " Tho Angel's Story," by Adolaido Proctor. At tho cIobo of tho proceedings it was announced by the chairman that the next session of tho society would com- mence in March next ; and the audience then separated, evidently woll pleased with tho entertainment which had been given to them. " L'Extincteur."-Our attention has been called to the portable self-acting iiro-engino patented by Mr. Dick, the colonial agonts of whom are Messrs.W. It. Gulh'ck ano Co., Pitt-street. The apparatus is of tho simplest construe- , tion possible, and, if wo may judgo from tho criticisms of tho English Press, it has been repeatedly proved to be a most eiloctivo and valuable moans of extinguishing fires. 'I ho engine consists of a ejylfnder 30 inches in height by IO in diameter. In tho centre it has a perforated tubo; and is fitted with steam gauge, hose, &c.; The patentee thus describes the instrument :-" L'Extincteur not only affords tho means of at once grappling with a fire on its outbreak, when it is comparatively small and oaBy to master, but it does so with that most powerful of all antagonists to fire-Cakiiokic Acid Gap. This gas is projected upen tho flames-not in its simplo gaseous stato-but by means of water highly impregnated with it, and thus, while it is perfectly harmless to tho op»rator, it nets with concentrated ? effect upon tho firo. L'Extinctour stands always charged and available for Instant action. It can be used by any person, without loss of time, and will extin- guish any fire in a few minntes, in those stages of its pro- gress during which it may bo attacked from tho interior of tho building in which it takes place. It is simply and speedily charged according to the instructions sont with each canister of the chomicale. Tho gas is genoratcd from within the vessel itself, and frem its compressibility affords tho power which projects tho liquid. The working pressure varies from 35 lb. to 65 lb. per square inch, according to tho temperature of tho surrounding atmosphere, and tho pro- jectile range of tho jet is from 35 to -10 feet." Wo boliovo thitt a public test of tho engine is to take placo in the course of a few weeks, and proof may then bo expected to bo given of its capabilities. Paixi-ul Surgical Operation. - Tho Melbourne Argus states an interesting and at the some timo an un- usual operation was on Thursday performed successfully at tho Melbourno hospital, by Dr. D. J. Themas. Tho patient was suffering from cancer of tho tongue, for which ho had a portion of it removed in New Zealand. Somo timo after wurds tho disease returned, and he como over to soo what could bo dono at the Melbourne Hospital. Tbo danger of his caso was fully explained to him, and tho uncertainty as to tho results. However, he was determined to run tho chanco, and yesterday tho wholo of tho tonguo was excised. Tho prclimina»- steps to the operation are in themselves of a very formadnblo nature. Tho patient is doing well. Ho boro tho operation with great courage, as in such casos chloroform cannot bo administered. Bread irom Egyptian Wheat.-Wo (Maitland Mercury) have been shown by Mr. William Tierney, of Rosebrook, a sample of bread mado from Egyptian wheat. The loaf in question was perfectly sweet and wholesome to the tasto, although rather darker in colour than tho erdinury wheaten bread. Being home-made it was not, perhaps, quito so light as bakers' bread; still, there was nothing whatever in this loaf to justify tho absurd pre- judice entertained by many persons against tho uso »l «our from Egyptian wheat. According to Mr. Tiornoy, this wheat íb the most profitable that the farmer can uso ; it withstands tho rust, gives an excellent yield per acre, and a good return of flour per bushel. # The Harvest of Sovth Australia.-It is calcu- lated bv the South Australian Register that tho present harvest will give a yield of about 0,000,000 bushels of wheat for that colonv. Tho surplus over local require- ments is expected to bo nearly the same as it¡ was m laut» "Tue Dentlio-UIN MunDER-Another man has hcon ".¿.«mI at Warrnambool, on suspicion of being the mur K of Harper Tho Molbourno Argus ottos the follow T? with referonco to tho man John Lindsay, now in SI on tho charge -Tho man who stands charged S the murder of a shearer at Deniliquin in October 1 ist, »««on Ihursdoy last remanded from tho City Court to tho v""hero tho enmo was committed Sufficient evidence Sr tins purpose was taken by tho Court, but it afforded lillie additional information ns to tho circumstances under winch the deed was done I ho priboner s real nauio is Tnniffl Locan, his \anous altases having, with ono ¡¡«ration, been bestowed upon him by comrades .nih whom he has from timo to timo associated The exccition is tho numo of John Lindsay, which ho »doiUdinordei to a\oid identification where ho vi as not ncrson-ill) lnovvn, Lindsay being his mother s maiden minc He « a un,"° of Olaggow When only fourteen vears'ol ' lie was tried for stealing apíceo of bar iron, \ uluod «t7'd and, being fonnd guilly waa sentenced to seven reiis ! tmil servitude What collateral circumstances may Lue bid to do with tho soventj of this sentenco it is, of «iii se impossible to say , but it is cxtrcmolv improbable that for u lirst offence ot this kind bugIi heavy punishment would lo inflicted Fe ur j cars of tho seven ho pissed m PatUniibt Reformater}, Islo of ^ ight, and was then «lui 1 ed lo laen ima with other conv lets This was m 1852, andiiiiiiiodiatclj upon arrival howat engaged bj a squatter at Lonirford with whom ho remained two j eui s, at tho ex ninition of which timo his good conduct had entitled him io a discharge Afteiwards ho was emplojed by Sir Richard Dr) us a drover, and remained in that bcrviec for «ouie time, and th n ho commenced ii sort of roving life, winch brought linn into jScw South Wales, and has resulted in his being charged,at the «¿oof JOjcirs, with n crime for vi Inch, if I roved against him, his life, is forfeit Thoo i« no nj ne mineo of intention to otteu.pt turther evasion now-prisoner reudilj confesses to bo i0 tho man «.ho st ibbcd Barpei , nor does, ho seem at all inclined io rc-cnt tho action of ¿he oilicers who brought him to luslico, but ho Jin complain ot tho conduct of the man Tflvlor, for whom ho was working at tho time of this occurrence la) loi, it seems, is a fron «el'ctor under tho î»ew South Wales Land Act, nud has ii picco ot lund upon which some woolsheds aro put up lhcro ulsu^ ho lias a dunking Minni), a butcher s shop, and a general store Hi» habit is to lake tho shearing of flocks by con- tract, get monto do tho work, and then supplj them with ill Hit) want, or he thinl s they may want, jit his own price, deducting tho amount frrm their earnings It is not much nionev that goes past tho drinktng-shant) in a general w i), but whatever may do bo is prett) Certain to lind its way (jack to Mr Tu)lor h) ono or other of those upplmnces Prisoner had been working for tho Messrs Landale, Drotbers, who gave lum a chequo in payment of wages, for something over ¿0 Ho set to work to " knock down this, and succeeded in doing so much moro quickl) than ho expected, for ho was robbed of £7 As a conseeuicnco of this '' sprco ' he gdt into tho lockup, and waa fined for drunkounoss and disorder!} behaviour Jlr la)lor thon appeared us a "good Samaritan, ' paid the fino for prisoner, ns well as two or three others, and in consideration thov were required to sign nn agreement to work for him at a cortuin ppco, the nifiouut of tho lino being of courso deducted troai tho wftges Tbc men voie driven over to the place and sot to work, and Mr lay lor managed matters so well that their nione) was tpent almost before it was earned Prisoner s own words aro - ' Wo vi oro drunk even Sight, and no mntter what a man earned, if it wero 6s or 7s or Si, ormore in tho da), it was alwavs sure to bo spent that night Tho day this happened thero had been several gallons and half gallons shouted for, and at night wo was all ready foi drinking, and got drunk at taylors bar 1 was to di mik that I did not laiovv what had been dono ' FATAL ACCIDENT AT WEST KEMPSEY. -From the Macleay Herald we learn that that Mr. Archibald Stewart, superintendent of Mr. Alexander Cochrane's cattle station at Long Flat, Macleay District, had been thrown from his horse, and killed on the spot. A number of the residents of the town immediately went to where it was stated the acci- dent had happened, when they found that the report was too authentic. About 11 o'clock on the 11th instant Mr. Stewart arrived at Kempsey from Long Flat, and shortly afterwards he, in company with Mr. C. E. Taylour and a blackfellow, drove some six head of cattle to Seven Oakes. In returning they had reached Mr. T. Clark's slip-rails, on Glenrock Plains, when, the ground being level, they quickened their pace. Before going far, however, they pulled up. Very soon after this Mr. Taylour and the blackfellow started off again, at a smart canter, and when they were a short distance ahead the de- ceased galloped after them, saying "look out for me" just coming up to them as they were nearing some cattle which were grazing on the road. One cow. in front of Mr Stewart and Mr. Taylour, appeared not to know which way to go to get out of their road, and before either rider could pull up, Mr Stewart's horse had come into contact with the cow, knocking her down, and, throwing its rider over the other side of her, tumbled over itself on to its rider. This accident forced Mr Stewart and his horse immediately in front of Mr Taylour, whose horse also fell over the cow, thereby throwing its rider some distance away. All this happened in the space of a few seconds - quicker than tongue or pen can describe. Mr. Taylour at once scrambled up and ran to his horse, but seeing Mr. Stewart lying on his face and not attempting to move, he went to him and turned him over, asking him to get up, being under the im- pression that he was stunned. Blood at once gushed from his ears, nose, and mouth, and in another moment vitality ceased. Deceased did not speak, nor attempt to speak - nor even move - after he fell Iiie Latb Hwiuicane vr B YTituitBT - The Bathurst Times of Saturday Bays -Tho hurricane on luesdav last was f ellowed by a heavy fall of rain on Wednesday morn- ing, which, towards noon, increased to a perfect storm, accompanied bv a wind nearly as violent as that rocordod m our last issue I or a short time the town and suburbs appeared to be enveloped m one sheet of water, driven by tho wind with perfect fury from tho north-west, Tho storm did not lost long, but, from its v îolenco, there was overy renson to fear that considerable damage had beon done m tho neighbourhood In the ovenmg, it was reported in town that Lansdowne farm, in the possession of Messrs DcUnv und Ashworth, had suffered so severely that îOO ¡icreB of wheat had been utterly destroyed by a hail storm that had passed over thoir beautiful cultivated fields Luckily, this report turned out to bo in- correct, for, although tho storm passed over their form, it took its courso through that portion of tho land where the wheat had been reaped ead was in stooks, and consequently no damago was sustained Wo aro sorry to sa), however, that the crops of Mr Beckett-formerly partner of Mr Denny-wero totally destroyed, a hundred acree of wheat, ready for the sickle, wero complctly threshed out by tho fierceness of tho hail storm, and the straw was literally cut to pieces This is a dreadful loss to a )oung beginner, and ono that can never bo guarded og unst Amongst other placeB that were visited by tho storm on Wedneada), tho Hereford Estate, in tho ocoupation of Mr T J, Hawkins, sutlercd considerably , tho house w as much shakon, and three chimne)s out of four were blown down A largo brick building was also lovelled , fruit tree« were torn, up by tho roots j the fence of the sheep-fold was com- pletely destroyed, a stuck of hay was partially bio m away and tho fodder scattered about m all directions In fact tho premises exhibited a scene of completo confusion after the storm, and it will take some timo to restore it to anvthing liko order again At Mr Joy s farm, on tho Peel Road, tho storm did a good deal of damago to the crops In its course it made a lano through tho wheat and corn as if thoy had been cut down with a scythe At Palmer, also,,we hear that the wind did much damage to several stacks of ha), which wero a good deal knocked about, and somo of it blown awa). After the storm a steady rain set in, which lasted until Thursday morning, so that the ground got a good toaking, much to the bonelit of garden vegetation Yestoiday all appeiranco of rain had departed, but wo may venturo to hopo that the drought is at length broken up Attemited Bliiglaki at Mldgee-ror somo time past the inhabitants of tho western part of Mudgee (accord- ing lo the Western Tost) ha\e boen repeatedly visited by a midnight prowler, who has specially had his eyes upon the larders and Btobles, food for man and beast apparently being tbo objects of his prey On Sunday evening Mi M îlkin« n, of the Bank of New South Wales, was aroused In tho barking of his dog, and making his wa) to tho stable, found a man there Ho struck a match for the pur poee ot identifying him, when ho was saluted with a sharp blow in Iho face, and ho immediately eloseil with his as- sailant The latter, how o\ er, prov ed too powerful for him, and escaped, lca\ing behind him a couple of bushels of .oro which ho hod bngfeed up ready for removal Tho darkness of the night, unfortunately, piecludod Mr AVil kmson frem obtaining sufficient mow of hiB unwelcome visitor t« distinctly identity him Tho polioo havo beon indefatigable for somo time past in endeavouring to traco this thief, but hitherto ho has managed to evado them Bail in Cases m Attími ted Suicide -In the caso of persons charped on Monda) last with an attempt at sui- cide at M agga Wnggn, tho Bench (sa) s tho Advertiser) were at issue with tho solicitors-Messrs Titzhardingo and Gibbes- on tho subject of bail Tho Bench held that an attempt at suicide waa an attempt to commit a fcleny, and that under the general law regulating such cases tho grant- ing of bail was discotiounry 1 ho solicitors contended, on the othei hand, thaÄt was compulsory. In consequence of this tho Bench telegraphed for instructions to the Attorno) - General, who replied to tho effect that tho Bench weio right that the grinting of bail was entirely diecrotionar), and, that being ho, magistrates should uso great caution m exercising the power m particular cases Bail has been, thcieforo, refused, but tho depositions go to tho Crown Lau Office to day, and it may bo that after duo inquiry tho Supreme Com t ma) direct bail to ba granted SrvEiiE Accident-Tho Murrurundi correspondent of the Maitland Mel cuni writes -A person named Daniel ùiiiib, of Scone, met with a dreadful accident It appears that Sims had a team of twelve horses harnessed to a wag- gon with bouio thrco tons of loading, when, on tho summit of the lange, tho horses took fright and started off down the Mountain towards Doughboy Hollow Sims fell and the wheel passed ovei him, fr-ctured ono leg, and com- pletely smashed tho "patella" or kneo-cap, ho was al»o much cut about other parts of tho body T wo of his horsos weie killed, and tho dray completely broken to pieces buns is reported to bo doing ob well as can bo oxpected 