HAWTHORN POLICE COURT. TUESDAY, November 24. [Before Messrs. F. Walsh, O'Grady, O' Brien, and Williamson.] No NAME.--Robert Jordan, summoned by Constable Ilynes for having no name upon his dray, was fined is. aud 2s. Gd. costs. Lawrence Mayne, charged by the same constable with a similar offence, was mulcted in a like penalty. AssAuLT.-Elizabeth Hicks sued Mary Allen for an assault. It appears that on the evening of the 4th of the present month the delbundant presented a bill to the complainant, who replied that she had nothing to do with it, as the affair belonged to her husbanud. AMrs. Allen then went away, but returned almost immediately, and struck the cemplain. aut twice in the face, saying she would tear her to pieces. The assault complained of took place in the public street. Later in the oveu ing the defendant again abused Mrs. Hicks, who declared that she gave provocation for the assault. A young woman named Dyer de posed that ?le saw Mrs. Allen strike Mrs. liclks on the face, but did not hear the words that passed between theus. For the defence, it was stated that Mrs. HIicks was in the habit of abusing Mrs. Allen, and that, in fact, the one was as bad as the other.-The Bench were quite convinced that the defendant had committed the assault complained of. It al. peared that this was not the only time, as live months ago she was bound over to keep the peace ; and but for certain peculiar cir. cumstancos connected with the ease she would be severely dealt with. The defendant was ordered to pay the line of l0s., with 5s. costs, or in default, seven days' imprisonment. THE STANDING CASE.-Mary Holland v. Patrick Holland; maintenance-a summons to show cause. The defendant did not ap pear, and a warrant for his arrest was ordered to issue. WAoas.-John Early v. Phillip IHen nessey; work and labour £3. 17s. 9d.-Ver diet ibr the amount claimed, with 2s. Gd. costs. The court then adjourned. A friend who had an interview with a pas senger from Cape York, has communicated the following to the Gladstone Observer : " The Hamlet's Ghost, with the spurious Count Attems on board, put into Somerset (Cape York) about the 15th of August. On being boarded by the police boat, lie made inquiries as to whether a frigate had arrived there, and on being answered in the affirma. tive, became agitated and eagerly inquired about her movements, but appeared relieved when told that the vessel was II.M.S. Vira go, and that she had left the settlement in January. He remained eight days, and dur ing the whole time kept a bright look-out for vessels in the offing. The captain and crow were discharged in consequence of a row be tweeon the' Count' and captain, in which re volvers were drawn. The crew refused to put the captain in irons. It appears that the Count kept them in awe'by threatening to give them twenty-five lashes n-piece when lie fell in with the Austrian frigate he was always expecting. The acting police magistrate in. duced the crew to re.ship under a fresh agree mont, all but the captain and steward, who remained behind. While in port the Count was always dressed in the uniform of an Aus trian captain of cavalry and wore a sword when on shore. He made a great display of the money he had with him, and purposely left bills of exchange lying about his cabin for visitors to see, many of which were filled in for large amounts, and only wanted his sig naturo, iHe succeeded in imposing upon the authorities, taking supplies for his vessel and paying for them in bills, which the holders will doubtless discover are about as valuable as drafts upon Aldgate pump. Among those who were swindled are two naturalists-one named Thorpe. The count brought stufied birds, &c.;, from them to the amount of about £30, but some slight comlpunction must have touched him, for, contrary to custom, he paid them half in cash and half by a bill. IHe sailed for Batavia on the eighth day, leaving letters for the captain of the Austrian frigate, andt his baunkers in Sydney. The frigate was ordered to follow himn on to Timor. The captain he has with hinm is one Austin, late ismaster of the brig Relianceo, which was wrecked eo the Solouion group. Ho was picked up and brought into Bowen, whence lie shippedtl as Ite on board the I-Iamlet's Giost. 'Two dllays f'ter Uie left Somerset, tile schooiner Cap?tlin oiuoik arrived from ]lBowen, with a wiarruant for the iarrest of the Count." The London Mloney Mlarket Review, speak. ing of the lately-established Col,nial Society in the great rapital of the wo Ild, avys: 'l The Counltil Society has very drlliuite and very useful objects. It intends to provide a place of' meeting obr gentlemen connected with the colonies ind with British India. The present ullices are in L iombard-street. It intends to estnblish a reading.room and library, as well is a museum, where all sorts of colonial iftrmtation may be obtainehd, and all sorts l' colouial ir'ducts exhibited. And, must desirable of Ill, it is iintended to ftcili. tate the ilterchange of expelience nming persons couiected with all the dependencies of GrCeat Britain, which, to the use of quota.. tines, are so wide that the sun never sets on them. In all this no party or political ques tions aire to enter, so that the society will be 'practical in its ends and purposes; cuiltivat ilg union for commIon good, aIilmng alone at progress. \We are glad to observe that, with Lord Bury ias the president, there is asso ciated a Iniost influoutial list of vice-Ipresidents, iimost of whomi have served the state in high offllice, and a council of men of eminelnt expe rionce in coljnial life and adusinistratiou. The Swiss jouruals narrate a terrible story of which the Lake of Geneva was the sceio on Saturday night, October 3. About two o'clock in the afternoon iE. Andr, D?'rivtiz (lormnerly mayor of St. Gingol ph), set out from Vovoy in ni small boat, to return to that place, being accoumpanlied by his son. A fear. ful wind sprang up about three o'clock. The boat was upset, and the party were thrown into the water. Butt they haind enough strength and energy to cling to the boat, and to right it. They wore even enabled to place the mast across it, so as in somei degree to steady it; but having been deprived of' their oars, which had disappeared when the boatl was overturned, they had no other resource than that of holding on to the bunt to avoid being washed away by the waves. Being in water up to the waist, they left themselves to their fate. One instantithey hoped to be east ashore near Noville, but a terrible south wind immediately carried them out to tihe middle of the lake, where they were driven about during the rest of' the day and the whole of the succeeding night. Towards evenilg some boatmen front Vevey told two relatives of thi sulfferers that they had set out from that town, anid that it they had not got ashore t; oy munst be in great peril. Efforts were minade as quickly as possible to send a boat in search of them, but the violence of the wind prevented this. A lantern was the exhibited on the shore. The light, as it afterwards turned out, was seen by the wanderers, but they were overconme with fatigue and cold, and their limbs were incapable of any exer tion. Towards iniduight the father told his son that his strength was failing, and that hbe felt himself to be dying. He bade him fare well, gave him some message for his family, and then expired in his armns, being sixty- five years old. ThIlle son, whoso age was twenty two, was then left in the midst of the waves with his father's corpse in his arms. Four or five hours imoro thus passed away. Be tween four and five in the morning, daybreak having arrived, the survivor recognised the blaths of Montreux. His cries of distress were then heard and hlelwas speedily rescued. A NEY RoeIt STEu?rEa.-Ou a late after noon (ays the Scotsmoi) a very remnarkablo sight was seen in this city. A train of fheavily-laden coal waggons, looking exactly like a luggage train, was observed cominig steadily up tho steep incline leading into Edinburgh from Dalkeith. It was one of M?r. t. W. Thomson's patent road steamers with indiarubber wheel tires, having four hugo loaded waggons in tow. Each waggon weighed, when empty, two tons and three quarter, and carried a load of five tons and a quarter of coals, making the gross weight of the waggons thirty-two tons. The road steameor weighs eight tons. Thus, a total of forty tons was in motion. The road steamer had drawn the train from Newvbattlo Col liorios, eight miles from Edinburgh, over at very hilly road, with rising gradients of one in sixteen. There can be no doubt this in vention of the application of vulcanised in diarubber to the tires of road steaniers)'orms the groateststop which has ever been mnado in the use of steam on common roads. it completely removes the two fatal diflliculties which have hitherto barred the way to the use of traction engines-viz., the mutual de struction of the traction ouniue and the roads. The indiarubber tires interposing a soft and elastic cushion between the two, effectually protect thoem from overy jar and jolt-in fact, as much so as if the engine were travelling over a tramway of indiarubber. A boautiful marchioness had a narrow oscape from drowning last week as she was paddling her own canoe on the Thames, near ,Maidenhead. Her boat struck a sung and tilled imnumdiatoly.-Luekily, a nobleman (a friend) passing at the time in his canoe, pad died up, and saved her ladyship. The ren coutre of the marquis and his friend the imarchioness, both an canoe on the same spot and at thebo miglit-hav-beon tragic momient was singular.-G-Cbo Joinlssal, Aug, 29., 