ITALY. Roman Affairs. —In spite of his trials an4^ anxieties, the health of i.e lioly Father i%. ♦hank God, still good. He ha* assisted at the celebration of the Immaculate Conception, an4 when he intoned the ' Te Deuoi' and gave his blessing, his wondrously-sweet and powerful voice filled the vast Church of the Holy Ape #- ties. On the sumo day ito siyutd the decree for the convocation of the General Council, which will be held on the same day next year. Hie. work with the prison tira has been ene ; of mercy and pardon. Of course, it was inevitably to b« ? expected that any officials uuiler his own Go verument who had decLired in favour of the iao vasion must lose their p aces, as being no longec trustworthy. Others who iuive been disloyal t« their King, aud who have used their, wealth te aid his enemies, in.iy have been deprived of that wealth for the cure and pension of his wounded soldiers. Such things are naturally to be ex* pected in case of a foreign invasion, ab«tted bp home treachery. But with regard to theforeiga. prisoners taken at Mentana and also whore h*. haB manifested nothing but the most; foryivh%; patience ; for in their case policy cannot inter fere with the sweet prerogative: of-;iijerey. A^ few weeks ago the veiaciouBltme«corr««pond-jaV, gave us a niost mendacious' account ,ot an Jntea1.; view between a prisoner, ; Giovanni Oairoli, an-^ « '^ia Holiness. The prisoner would not accept of ?? lay kindness, we were told, and returned the loving words of the Pope with scornful and bitter taunts. So ' down with him to the lowest dungeons beneath l the caBtle moat.' Cairoli was taken from the hospital, immured in a fetid dungeon at the express and direct order of his Holiness, and we might never expect to see him again ! ! Thus said the Times. But now the flame paper cooly tells quite another tale : — Young Giovanni Cairoli, of whose captivity and sufferings so much has lately been heard, and who waB reported languishing in the depths t-f a Papal dungeon, suddenly appeared in Flor ence the other morning, to the delight of his friends, unexpected as a ghost, with short cropped hair and wayworn garments, bnt in pretty good case for a ball and four bayonet ? thrusts in his body, and some of those wounds are still open. » . . ; So, you see he must have been carefully nursed Had doctored. Listen to the sequel : — \- ..After the numerous circumstantial accounts received here of Cairoli's interview with the Pope, and of the reproaches addressed by him v to his Holiness, it was rather curious to learn from his own lips that the shadow of the Ponti fical presence had never once been cast upon his bed, and that he had never set eyes upon ihe proached with his own and with Italy'B suffer ings. This tabulated interview created great sensa tion in England. It went the round of the . papers, and was made the subject of many a .; leader. We must do the limes the justice to :. say that it has inserted the contradiction, aud we trust that other journalists who caught at it .;?.; greedily as a good bait for their editorial work, ?.. will follow the good example. Most of eur readers will remember that when the arch- conspirator — or rather the tool of the . arch-conspirator — was in London, the Prince of Wales went to see the lion of the red-shirt. ; He has now sent money to the wounded brigands, ... and a. correspondent of the Pall Mall Gazette draws the following unanswerable parallel : — I see in an extract from a Turin paper, in your impression of yesterday, it is stated that the .. Prince of Wales has subscribed £100 to the fund . :' for the wounded Garibaldians. In all probabi- ' lity this is not true but it is' perfectly true, aV. stated by Monsieur Rouher, that what he styles : ? 'the mercenaries,' engaged in tjafe attack on the Papal States, were almost entirely paid from funds raised in England. What should we Bay v- in England if the French or the Americans were to subscribe to the fund for promoting Fenian i. outrage in this country ? And yet Garibaldian v ism in the Papal States and Fenianism in England i are not so very dissimilar. In theory both repre ; sent what they affect to style a national move ment to upset a tyrannical Government, and in practice they both affect to consider the murder , of policemen and Zouaves and the blowing up of v prisons and barracks as perfectly justifiable .. means. If we consider, ourselves at liberty to ? subsidize the reckless men engaged in the attempt to overthrow Papal power in Italy, can we be sur prised if the French and Americans consider \- themselves equally at liberty to subsidize men, ? not a whit more reckless, engaged in the attain pfc , to overthrow British power in Ireland ? Religion . apart, would it not puzzle the most accomplished v jurist to define the difference between an ^'American Fenian' and an 'English Gari baldian'? r Let his Royal Highness put this in his pipe ' ? and Bmoke it. 