THE ARCHBISHOP OF SYDNEY ON THE EDUCATION QUESTION. AT the summer examination of the Bathurst Roman Catholic Schools, the Most Reverend Dr. Polding delivered an address, a condensed report of which appears in The Freeman (Sydney). But the address as published, however much or little it may have been curtailed,' is well worthy of being extensively read; and, therefore, we reprint it for the benefit of our readers. The eloquent panegyric pronounced by His Grace upon, the Sisters of Mercy will make every Catholic who reads it proud that the Holy Faith he professes has its Divine influence so signally exemplified in the charity and piety of these holy Sisters. His Grace the Archbishop said:— "Ladies, Gentlemen, and Dear Children,—This day brings our academic year to a close, and for my part, though I have seen many climes, and have had my share of rejoicings, and, thank God, very little afflictions, yet the last few days have given me greats pleasure than I have ever enjoyed. We have two schools here—a male and female school, not yet established eleven months—still I venture to affirm that they are not inferior to any in the colony; nay, more, (and here I speak from experience,) they could be compared with advantage with many in the old country, of long and respectable standing. What is the cause of this? There has been perseverance, a true spirit of self-denial for the sake of the children— self-denial—a thing unknown in those school) where religion is not the corner stone on which the education of youth is placed. Let no person, then, come forward and tell us that education and religion must be separated. Here, by the beautiful and beneficent effects of the latter, we have seen schools rise up as if by magic. In every age the wisest of men have taught that virtue and religion alone, united with education, can make men and nations great. You are all aware that it had been the special care of the great philosophers of antiquity, in ancient Greece and Borne, to form schools for the training of youths, and the greatest of these great philosophers have even urged that virtue and education should walk hand in hand. The great motto of Plato, the prince of philosophers, was. that, ' There is nothing more divine than to form children in virtue. Mark the word 'divine.' Such was the great esteem that this pagan had for virtue, that he declared it a God-like act to teach the youthful to obey its precepts. Aristotle, the philosopher, so much admired, even in the present day, for the wisdom of his sayings, says— ' All depends on the education of children, whether as regards indi- viduals, or the entire commonwealth; for good customs are the fruit of a plant cultivated, and of a youth well disciplined.' It has been. well remarked by an eminent scholar, that 'moral life has its birth, and its progress, no less than natural life. A child that is deformed at birth, will be deformed during life. The same may be said, relatively of a man whose mind has not been well trained in his youth. Without a species of miracle he will be vicious in his old age.' ' Train up a child,' says the Holy Ghost, 'in the way he should go; even in old age he will not depart from it.' And Holy Job says of the wicked man, "that the vices of his youth will sleep with him in the dust.' The opinions of the great modern statesmen, Peel, Russell, Gladstone, (here his Lordship cited a number of eminent names favourable to his view of the case) are unanimous in declaring that, to be efficacious, religion and education must go hand in hand; and Guizot, the most illustrious of French statesmen, and a Prostestant, emphatically pronounces this opinion. In fine, all the great men of the day declare that education, combined with religion, is necessary for the stability of the state, and that any state is fust hastening to decay and ruin where these two fair sisters are un- naturally separated. Here, thank God, they are not put asunder, but both go hand in hand—the one pointing Heavenward, whilst the other explains the the things of earth. Education opens out the other tres- sures of knowledge before the young mind, explains to it the principles of science and letters, and imparts to it a tone of activity and energy well calculated to the due development of every human faculty; but I ask any rational being, who knows that man is composed of body and soul, is this all-sufficient ? Is there no such desideratum as the training of the heart, the cultivation of the moral faculties, and the subjection of the passions? Will man, in the storms and strifes of life, control his evil inclinations, subjugate his appetites, and repress those vicious desires so pernicious to himself and society, merely because his intellectual nature has received development? Alas, my dear friends, experience has, in every age, given us examples of sad depravity of heart and laxity of morals, accompanying the highest culture of the intellect. Religion, and religion alone, it is that aids the development of the nobler faculties; and where she assists and directs, the results so earnestly desired by the great thinkers of ancient and modern times are certain of attainment; namely, the full development of the intellectual as well as of the moral activities. Well, my dear ladies, you, at all events, have the great advantage of being trained in schools where irreligion and corruption of heart will not be the sad consequences of your intellectual culture. You are taught by ladies who, in another land, received the highest education, and who, before they abandoned everything for the Kingdom of God, walked in the highest ranks of society, and were members of the first families in their native places. I will read to you their description, in the beautiful language of the poet:— ' She once was a lady of honour and wealth, Bright glowed in her features the roses of health; Her vesture was blended of silk and of gold, And her motion shook perfume from every fold; Joy revelled around her—love shone at her side, And gay was her smile as the glance of a bride, And light was her step in the mirth-sounding hall, When she heard of the daughters of Vincent de Paul.' This description exactly applies to each of the sisters engaged in training your youthful minds. What, then, do they want in order to make them models for your imitation? Is it learning ? They were taught, as ladies, from their childhood, and moved in the highest rants of society. Is it sanctity and blamelessness of life ? Suffice it to say they are Sisters of Mercy. Is it devotedness and courage? Let the 15,000 miles of boisterous ocean, and the perils of the deep which they braved to carry to you the benefits of their services, answer. Let the terrors of Balaclava, and the horrors of the hospitals at Scutari, bear testimony to the courage and devotedness of the head of this convent, whose sister—a Mother Superior, like herself—from the beginning to the end of the Crimean war, forgot the pleasures of home, and abandoned family and friends to pour the balm of comfort and the consolations of religion in the souls of the poor wounded soldiers during that dreadful campaign. I fear, my dear friends, I have been carried away, and have unintentionally trespassed on your patience; but my heart is rejoiced at the prospects before me of having, in your virtuous daughters, what my heart so earnestly desires -a rising generation of good and religious, at the same time highly accomplished, females, who, in their future homes will cause the sanctifying influence of religion to be felt. And now, my dear children, I will take my leave of you, in the firm hope that you will always remember and put into practice the admonitions and instructions you have re- ceived during the year from the religious sisterhood under whose control you have had the happiness of being placed." 