To the Editor of the PASTORAL TIMES. Sir,—If I recollect l ightly, the time for the proclamation of this town a municipality is drawing near, therefore, it is necessary we should be up and stirring to put"the right men in the right place"—I mean the Aldermen. The positions are of a highly honourable character, and require gentlemen of energy and ability. Much will depend upon the right working of the municipility, and the consequent welfare of the town, upon those who are entrusted with the corporate management. Jhe absence of those damaging elements, such as party toolings andprejudices, from the Council Board will be essential. Hitherto, there has been in moBt of our local Public movements too much recrimination and bad feel- ; personal rancour has at times ridden high! All these should be set aside, and our future aldermen should, as I hope they will, devote their best exertions for the well-being of the town, and that only. There a r o many things of importance which will require their early attention. I hope, in the course of next week, to hear of the names of the probable candidates for the office °f aldermen; at all events, the nominations should be 'hortly considered, to give persons entitled to vote an opportunity of selecting gentlemen whom they think *>U best study the interests of the town and inhabitants generally. I am, &c.;, Deniliquin, August 21, 1868. VICTORIA.—The financial statement was made in the Legislative Assembly on Tuesday eveaing by -" r - M'Cullocb. The hon. gentleman occupied some two hours and a-half in his speech, in the course of *hich he entered into elaborate comparisons of the condition of the revenue and expenditure of the colony during the last ten years. The hon. member calculates that there will be a balance from the 1867, to be carried to the credit of 1868, of £652, and that the present year will show a deficiency of £61,131. This deficiency, however, he trusts will be wiped out before the accounts of 1868 are finally closed. EIGHT FOR ONCE. —The Empire of the 17th inst thus writes:—"Now the framer of the land laws never contemplated putting the free selector in undisturbed possession of land which might be eligible for agricultural purposes; and we are sure that no sane reflecting man would wish that some of the finest land in the country should be banded over in perpetuity as a grazing right to the free selector. All that the selector can reasonably expect is that the same privilege be accorded to him as has for many years been accorded to the squatter—namely, the use of unoccupied land for grazing till it is required for agricultural purposes. The time must eventually come, and selectors cannot too soon learn to anticipate it, when every agriculturalist will be confined to his purchased land, and must endeavour to compensate himself for the loss of the natural grasses by judicious management of his freehold. Except as a temporary convenience, we look upon the grazing right of small free selectors as a positive deterrent to their progress. In many minds the privilege of grazing on the unoccupied lands engenders improvident habits, which make themselves felt in deterioration of stock and lessened production of agricultural wealth, without speaking of the bad moral effects which are the universal corollaries of improvident habits. The intelligent and independent selector will then learn to look upon his grazing right merely as a temporary convenience, which it is his interest to dispense with as soon as possible ; and which in no case is to be considered as worth retaining at the expense and annoyance of a law suit." AN INTELLIGENT JURY.—John Ashplant was last week tried at Sydney tor forgery, when the following was the result:—The Clerk asked whether they had agteed upon tbeir verdict ? The Foreman : Yes. The Clerk: Do you find the defendant guilty or not guilty ? Well, I don't know. We ain't exactly agreed. We've agreed to take the verdict of the majority. His Honour said such a verdict could not be received. The Foreman : We, can't agree; my conscience is divided. His Honour directed the jury to retire, and said that he would take their verdict at nine o'clock. At that hour the jury came into court with a verdict of "not guilty." The prisoner was discharged. THAT only may properly be said to bo a long life which draws all ages into one; and that a short life which forgets the past, .neglects the present, and is solicitous for the time to come. A WAG, some years ago, advertised a carriage to run without horses, with only one wheel, and invited the curious in mechanics to see it. Many persons attended, and in the ardour of their expectation they were shown—a wheelbarrow! RECENTLY a villager was drowned in the Tagus. The Mayor ordered a search for the body, and described the deceased as follows:—Dark complexion, tall, marked impediment in his speech. THE ECLIPSE.—Mr. EUery, of the Melbourne Observatory, supplies the following notes of the eclipse from a Melbourne point of view:—" The first contact of the eclipse this afternoon was observed to take place at 3h. 49min. 34-7sec., and the last at 5h. Ornin. 22 - 5sec. Melbourne mean time. The obscuration at the greatest phase being barely two-tenths of the sun's disc, no sensible diminution of light was experienced. The contacts were observed very clearly, although light clouds occasionally intervened. The exactness with which the times of actual contacts correspond to those predicted, shows to what precision the lunar ephemerides have been brought since the adoption of Hansen's tables.—Argus. THE PSEUJJO COUNT.—By the arrival of the Saxonia some further intelligence has reached Sydney of the sayings and the doings of the pseudo Count Vol) Attems, the owner of the yacht Hamlet's Ghost. The yacht arrived at Cleveland Bay on the 28th July, and the adventurer was lionised to the extreme. He was a guest whom everyone delighted to honour on board the Saxonia, spoke patronisingly of his Sydney friends, and announced his intention of completing his cruise by returning to Port Jackson on the 3rd instant, as -he expected an Austrian war vessel would shortly call at the station to convey him to Europe.— " SOME of the squatters in this district," says the Ararat Advertiser, " are beginning to understand the value and economy of steam agency, and to show a very practical appreciation by the purchase of portable engines, which can be made to do an amount of work that is really surprising. One which we saw erected and at work, a couple of days since, was within the space of two hours employed in sawing wood into lengths for the various fires in the establishment, boring posts for fencing purposes, crushing corn, cutting chaff, and churning, allot which operations it performed in a most satisfactory way. The proprietor informed us that the value and efficiency of the engine and appliances had repaid the cost some time since ; thus posts, which cost by manual labour 3£d to bore, were now bored at a cost of Oid each, and in this way the number of hands which, with the services of the engine, he was able to do without make a very considerable difference in the yearly expenditure. THE PAROO.—I am glad to be able to inform you that we have had a glorious fall of rain, which has come at a time when most wanted. It rained continuously for a day and most part of a night, steady, soaking rain; and we are consequently nowrejoicing in plenty of grass and water. The feed is really magnificent, and the lambing will be everywhere above the average. The Paroo is running strong, and all the waterholes are as full as they can hold. Shearing on most of the stations commences this week, and as there is a prospect of the Darling being high enough to admit of steamers coming up, the wool will be started as soon as possible to endeavour to catch the steamers.— Correspondent Dubbo Dispatch. THE lambing in this district is well nigh concluded. Considering the severity of the season, the percentages obtained have been very satisfactory. Few lambs have died from the effects of the cold weather; and as the recent rains caused a nice spring of green feed, the ewes are in fair condition. THE hon. the Commissioner of Railways has filed, or is about to file, a criminal information against Mr. Alexander, and some one of the other persons who signed the now celebrated statutory declarations, charging them with conspiracy. Evidence of a somewhat astonishing character, it is said, has latterly reached Mr. Jones, which will become pub- lic at the proper time. NEW INSOLVENT.- - James Anderson, of Brighton, late a squatter, now out of business. Causes of insolvency—From having made an assignment in December, 1866, of all his real and personal estate in trust for the benefit of all his creditors, but which deed he had been unable to get signed, the property as conveyed being of the value of £10,560, as insolvent believed; also from depreciation in the value of squatting property, and heavy losses through a drought, further from long-continued illness. Liabilities, £200,061 5s 5$d.; assets, £8; deficiency, £200,053 5s 5jd. Mr. Courtney, official assignee. TREATMENT OF CHOLERA.—The prescription is bicarbonate of potassa, given as a mixture in proportion of four ounces of bicarbonate to as much water as will make a pint solution. One, two, or three dessert spoonfuls in a wineglass of tepid or cold water, to be taken every half-hour, according to the urgency of the case. The remedy to be repeated from time to time, if necessary, at longer intervals. The treatment is free from all risks, and the value of the remedy is attested by the long experience of Dr. Bland, with whon it is said to have originated. THE Murray continues to fall, and is now only eight feet seven inches above summer level at Echuca. PUBLIC CATTLE YARDS AT SIDNEY.—We are glad to see that some enterprising persons at Sydney are trying to establish public cattle yards—among these gentlemen is tlie Hon. John Hay, JI.L.C. The public ought to reap all the advantage of superior accommodation in the wholesale depots for cattle and sheep. We trace in this reform the action of some of our Victorian friends, including Mr. Mann, of Ettershank, Eaglestone, and Co. There is an impression that Sydney folk are a century behind the Victorians. In some matters, doubtless, the latter are a little too fast- -perhaps the cautious maxim of the medium line is the safest and best. A CENTRAL PASTORAL SOCIETY.—Next in importance—in a literary point of view—is tlie encouragement of public lectures on subjects connected, directly or indirectly, with pastoral pursuits. We are much behind Victoria (to say nothing of England and America) in this matter. There is the interesting and important question of meat preserving. Are there not hundreds who would like to hear the subject treated in a popular manner by men able to do so? Are there not such men among us ? Would none of our analytical chemists or medical doctors do so much for us ? Have they been asked ? As a rule, scientific men—indeed, all great scholars— are sensitive. Learning is an enemy to obtrusiveness. Snobbery is generally extinguished by true (and especially scientific) knowledge. We can, therefore, understand why men of recognised scientific attainments do not wish to come forwarded. They are not by habit obtrusive ; but are ordinarily generous and philanthropic. Would they not come forward to instruct us if asked to do so. The history of pastoral enterprise, .the theories and prospects of meat preserving; the sugar cane and the vine, with many other subjects, would form admirable themes for tlie lecturer, as well as the essayist. We, therefore, trust the Society will not lose sight of so cheap and excellent a means of diffusing "useful knowledge."—Abridged from the Sydney Economist. THE following tenders for runs in the Albert district have been accepted :—Frederick A. Stratford, Farmcoat; and Edward James Hogg, Yancowinna West. The tender of Mr. Robert Rand for the run of Union, in the Murrumbidgee district has also been accepted. BUSH TRAMPS.—The Bogan correspondent of the Dubbo Dispatch writes :—" There are about as bad a set of vagabonds travelling as I ever saw. They pretend they want work, and, when hired, bolt with rations the very day they receive them. Three, I know, have been hired at different stations on the river, and, having received rations, absented themselves without leave next day—taking, of course, the rations with them. Such conduct is sufficient to cause settlers to drive all tramps from their stations. It is the men's own fault if the settlers send them away without a feed or a night's lodgings. Another traveller, who had his dinner at a station, and had only three miles to go to the next station, caught a fowl at night; and had nearly finished eating it when he was found next morning in an empty hut. But until we have justice nearer, we sliall have to put up with every kind of fraud and robbery ; for it is too expensive work travelling fiftyfive miles for a warrant, and then seventy to appear against an offender should he be taken." THE SHEARING SEASON.—Shearing (says the Dubbo Dispatch) is going on briskly. At the Beemery shed, the shears have been at work during the past fortnight. At Mr. Ryrie's Enaweena Station operations have commenced; and at Messrs. Richardson's, shearing has been going on since the first week of this month. Mr. Brown, of Cannonbar, commences on the 17th ; and Mr. Christie will shortly follow suit, so that in a few weeks shearing will be general throughout the district. The clip is said to be tolerably heavy, and in excellent condition. THORODGH-BRED BULL.—Mr. Ridge, of Willie, Macquarie River, has purchased from Mr. Richard Morton, of Mount Derrimut, for the sum of £130, one of the pure short-horned bull calves of the celebrated " Butterfly " blood, viz.: Royal Butterfly the thirty-second. He is eight months old. by Royal Butterfly the .sixth, who obtained first prizes in 1862 and 1864; dam, Jessamine the fifth, winner of the Challenge Cup in 1864 for the best beast shown. He is remarkably well grown, with every promise of being equal to his sire and dam. The bull, we believe, is intended for Mr. Ridge's stations on this river.—Ibid. IT is to be hoped the new Land Bill will be a little better than the measure last brought forward by the Government. To suit all parties, it must deal equitably with both farming nnd grazing classes. We, and the interest we advocate, have no objection to free selectors. They are a very desirable population ; and we see no reason why they and the mainstay of the colony cannot grow up side by side. The bona fide tiller of the soil should receive every encouragement; and this can well be given to him without in any way interfering with the squatter. Our land law must be of such a character that either forty or forty thousand acres may be purchased. The upset price of £1 per acre, too. must be lowered. For one section of land in New South Wales worth that price there are twenty not worth 5s. To existing selectors, the grazing right, with a pre-emptive right of purchase over it should be conceded. Then, to the pastoral interest, leases of not less than fifteen years' duration should be issued; for while the present terms of five years are the rule, no squatter will improve to any appreciable extent. Ilis holding is so short and risky that he would be almost mad to set about the extensive erection of fencing, &c.; The saltbush country should not be included in the area open for selection. If, however, at the conclusion of the fifteen years' leases land were required it would be very easy to extend the free selector's limits. At present, however, there is no excuse for allowing the runs to be invaded; there are millions of acres unoccupied in wheat and other grain growing localities; and until these are taken up, there can be no just cause for tlie continuance of the licence that has been in force since 1861.—Dubbo Dispatch. LnjfAcy IN VICTORIA.—Tlie number has been gradually increasing since 1858. In that year, it was 412; in 1859, 490; in 1800,592; in IS61, 667; in 1862, 722 ; in 1863, 825 ; in 18G4, 913 ; in 1865, 984; in 186G, 1120; in 1867, 1300. This is a most unsatisfactory state of things as regards that department. PASTORAL NEWS.—The sheep on most of our stations are now looking exceedingly well, the late rains having greatly improved their pasture. Some of our squatters are already burning their grass, but I am afraid it is rather early ; they are doing it for the purpose of having green feed for the lambing. Lambing will commcnce on some of our stations on the 1st of September, when a good percentage is anticipated. Squatters are cutting down expenses through tlie late fall in wool. Several of them arc fencing in their runs with a three-rail sheep-proof fence, which they find to answer admirably. One of our squatters intends after he has his run fenced with a threerail sheep-proof fence to divide it into paddocks by a two-rail sheep-proof fence.. lie gets his po3ts split but five feet long, and lias them placed eighteen inches in the ground, thus leaving them three feet six inches hi^h ; he then makes a specific bargain that no rail his to be under twelve inches wide. The first rail is placed six inches from the ground; he then leaves a space of six inches between the bottom and top rail, thus having the height of the fence three feet. The fence costs but two shillings per rod, and answers all purposes required for sheep. He intends putting a flock in each of these paddocks, by which means he will be able to do with but a few shepherds; it will also benefit the sheep greatly, and it is well-known that sheep do much better in paddocks than being constantly driven about. I am glad to be able to state that some of our sheep farmers are sowing artificial grass for their sheep. Italian rye-grass seems the favourite. Some of our sheep graziers have been compelled to feed their flocks on hay during the present winter, grass being so exceedingly scarce.— Armidale Correspondent S. M. Herald. AT the National Grain Show, held at Geolong in July last, the judges who examined the preserved meats decided that they should be retained for a period of three months before they gave their decision on the qualities of the meat. There were four samples of preserved meat exhibited—one by Mr. James Manning, of New South Wales, and three by Mr. S. Ritchie, of the Melbourne Meat Preserving Company. The latter also submitted two samples of preserved mutton. The samples were opened by the judges—the Hon. C. Sladen, M.L.C., and Dr. Carstairs—on the 6th instant, and were partaken of at luncheon by the members of the Committee of the Agricultural Society who had met for business on that day. The samples were generally approved o f , and the residue of the meat, retained in the open tin3, was then placed in the Secretary's office, simply covered over with brown paper, where the samples have since remained partially exposed to the atmosphere. The judges, after subjecting the exhibits to this test, have at length determined in favour of the meat preserved in Melbourne, the principal reason being that, although thus exposed for ten days, the meat continued perfectly sweet and good, while the New South Wales exhibit became bad the day after it had been opened.—Argus. A CORRESPONDENT writes :—" A natural curiosity is to be seen at Mr. Somerville's, butcher, Riddell's Creek, in the form of two lambs, half goat and half sheep ; the bleat is of a goat, the head legs and feet are of a goat, also the half of the tail, and the body is marked in various places as on a goat. Mr. Somerville will make them a present to anyone who feels interested in the above." THE Melbourne correspondent of the Alexandra Courier contributes the following item :—" I saw a machine at work the other day which is likely to cause a great change in tlie sheep farming interest ; it is no less than a machine to shear sheep by steain, and from what I saw of it, it is likely to be a complete success. Tlie machine is made of brass, something in the shape of a small trowel; the motion is got up by a turbine wheel, about three inches in diameter, and this is geared into another wheel on which is fixed a cutter; in front is a comb which serves as a guide and guard against cutting the skiu of the sheep. Tlie steam is conveyed from tlie boiler by a tube of india- rubber; this tube or pipe is double, having one inside the other; the inner one is the injection and the space between the two is the ejection. The machine can be handled quite easily, and will be used just in the same fashion as the shears, but will cut much quicker and far cleaner, without the least danger of injuring the fleece or the sheep. It is expected that it will be all completed and publicly tested in time for this season's clip. The inventor has been about three years at work on it, and has just got it into what he thinks aperfect state." QUEENSLAND COTTON.—A good deal of cotton continues to arrive at the gins, but the season is, notwithstanding, fast drawing to a close. Very little, if any cotton remains unpicked. Active preparations are being made to get the new crop in early, for which the present weather is very favourable. The quantity of clean cotton passed at the Ipswich Customs to date is 3093 bales, representing, 954,8071bs.— PRO RATA. —Arjus. Empire. —Dubbo Dispatch. Queensland Times. 