CURRENT TOPICS. The official inspection of the Gcelon<* Volunteer Artillery by Colonel Anderstn took place last evening"in the parade ground of No. 1 Artilleiy. and seldom hare we seen the reserve present o livelier appear ance. The weather was beautiful, and the sweet strains of music as discoursed lay the band, attracted hundreds of visitors, many of whom were of the fairer sex. The members of No. 1 Company fell in shortly before seven o'clock, when their arms and accoutrements having been inspected by the Colonel, to whom Captain Stubbs acted as aide-de-camp, the troops were exercised in a variety of movements until half-past seven o'clock, when the dram and fife band of Xo. 2 Company could be heard approach ing, and shortly .afterwards they entered the reserve. The whole then went through the usual brigade" drill, and notwithstand ing that sonic new movements were intro duced ? they acquitted themselves c ceedingly well. - At the conclusion of the ; drill Colonel Anderson, addressing JIajor Heath, said he was very much pleased with his men, their arms were in good condition, he had not seen a dirty belt amongst them, and their general ap pearance was very neat; they had also given him great satisfaction by the manner in which they had gone through their drill. Turning to Captain Ilashleigh, he said that he had not been able to see how the uniform of his men looked, as they had arrived too late on the ground, their drill, however, was very good indeed. In expla nation of Captain Rashleigli arriving late, we might state that it was owing to a mis understanding with Major Heath, whom he had understood would meet him at the top of Moorabool- street, where he had been kept waiting.' There were 103 of the 2f"o. 1'company, and 93 of the Ho. 2 pre sent, the band of the latter not being in cluded. The officers: were Major Heath, Captain Kashleigh, aud Lieutenants Mack lin and Price;, Captain Isard and staff, Surgeons Reid and Kelly were also present.; The band played at intervals, and it may afford them some satisfaction when we state that Colonel Anderson expressed himself as highly pleased with their efforts. . : Our readers, Scotchmen, in particular, •will be glad to learn that the Comunn na Feinne Society are beginning to show signs of life, and that there will be a grand High land Gathering on Hew Xear's Day. A; meeting of the members was held last even ing, when the chair was occupied by R. dc Bruce Johnstone, Esq; and, on the motion of IHrD. M. Barry, seconded by Mr J, King, it was decided that the annual meeting should he held on the 1st of January; .also, that the programme should be prepared by. Friday next. In the meantime it was'fully understood that some novelties would he in troduced into' the, programme, including; prizes , for a half-mile race of sufficient Talue to attrrct all the crack runners of the .colony. -.- Among the viators present at tile artil lery inspection drill, last evening, were a. number of the Volunteer Cavalry, in uniform. Several of them, however, ap peared in mongrel costume, half in and half out of i uniform. This was quickly noticed.by Colonel Anderson, who gave Captain Isard a quiet hint to the effect that he did not admire such conduct. We trust this hint will be understood and acted upon in the future. We regret to learn that an accident occurred, yesterday, at Colac, by which Mrs George Mercer met with some in juries, but not of a severe character. It appears, as near as can be ascertained at present, that the lady in question was in company -with Mr and Mrs M'Millan, in their buggy when one of the bolts gave way, causing the vehicle to upset. 1' or tunately no'injury tvas received by the other occupants of the buggy. There was a very numerous attendance at the land sale held by Messrs Ogilvic & Robinson, at Mack's Hotel, yesterday, but the bidding was not so spirited as we anticipated it would be. For some of the town and suburban allotments fair prices were realised, but for country lots, with the exception of those in the parish of Moor panyal, not a bid was made ; even Queens clift', where land sells at such a high rate, was neglected. This is probably accounted for by the fact that the buyers present were under the impression that a high reserve had been placed on the prices of land in question, and did not feel disposed to speculate beyond a certain margin in this favorite locality. The total amouut realised by the sale was about £1377, the titles being Crown grants. Ninety-nine feet frontage to Brougham-place, by a depth of ninety-nine feet to Baylcy-street, realised £-2 per foot. An allotment having 33 feet frontage to Bayley-street, by a depth of 99 feet, was sold for £19 16s the lot. Two allotments in No. 12 -B, section 33, each having a frontage of sixty-six feet to M'Killop-street, ietched thirty-two and thirty-four shillings per foot respectively. Three other allotments, with a frontage to M'Killop-street, realised 10s Gd, lis, and 15s 6d per foot. Band in Henry street sold at 5s and 5s 6d per foot, whilst 105 feet 6 inches frontage to Sydney-place west realised fifteen shillings per foot. Eighty three feet frontage to Swanston- street, by a depth of 132 feet, was sold for £78 17 The bidding for two allotments having frontage of sixty-six and thirty-three feet to Little Eyrie-street, was very spirited, and the amount realised sufficed to prove that property anywhere near the chief business localities in town is improving jn value. The auctioneer, when selling these, said he fully anticipated 50s per foot, but his hammer did not fall until the price had reached £3, Mr Wilkinson being the pur chaser, For allotments in Queeuscliff, Buninyong, Maddingley, Birregurra and Albcrton in Gippsland, and Bcllarinc, there: were no , bids, no country buyers being among the assemblage. Six allot ments in the parish of Moorpanyal from No. 277 to 2S4, both inclusive, realised £6 103 per acre, whilst allotmeut No. 293, .containing Ga. lr. lp was sold at £12 10s per acre,' One hundred and eighty-one acres in the parish of Tutegong, was with-, drawn at 30s per acre, whilst no bid was. made at all commensurate with the value of Davidson's buildings in Tarra-strpet, for which the auctioneer started the price at £3000. . "An extraordinary phenomenon, showing the effects of the peculiar weather we are now experiencing, was shown to us jester-' day." It consisted of a branch of a cherry tree, now growing in a garden in Ciiilwell. There were cherries on it within a week of ripeness, and it also had .several bunches of full-blown flowers, the flowers being of the second growth. We are informed that the whole tree exhibits the same, singular1 feature. We are at a loss how to account for it, except in consequence of the very curious weather we have lately been favored 'with. ' - .' We are requested to state that, the wit nesses who attended the General Session's in August last, and the assessors who at tended the County Court in August and October, can receive their . expenses upon application .at the office of the Clerk of the Peace, Supreme Court, n .' \- - The ipemhers of the Geelong Troop of ,Prince of Wales "V"." V. Cavaly were 'officially inspected by Colonel Anderson, yesterday. The mi&tcr; pas not so largc as it might have been, only twenty-one being present. " These, however, composed the elite of the troop, and the manner in . which they went through various exercises was very satisfactoiy. Captaiii Isard was the officer in command. We trustthenext time they have to parade before Colonel Anderson there trill be a larger number present, as it is a poor compliment to pay ! their indefatigable teacher, Sergcant-Major Price, to profit by his instructions and not attend and show what they can do on such an important occasion as that of yesterday. After making a tolerably successful- tour through the chief inland towns of |he colony, the Australian Bellringers -will return to Geelong on Saturday, where it is their intention to give an entertainment in aid of the local charities previous to pro ceeding on a tour through the neighbouring colonies. The friends of Mr Ulidge, of Camper down, will be glad to learn that that gentleman, thanks to the able treatment of Dr Iteid, under whose care he has been siuce the 27th of May last, lias entirely recovered. Mr Illidge was suffering from abscess and inflammation of the right lung, and he has forwarded us a letter expressive of his gratitude to Dr lleid for so skilfully curing him of such a complicated disease. Snakes, says the Western Times, have never been so numerous in this district as they are this season. On East and West Sinclair, the ran of Mr F. Hamilton, there have been no less than 111 killed this season. It is reported to us also that a woman resid ing in the forest, near Heywood, killed, last week, 42, and various accounts from other quarters reach us, showing that those reptiles are very abundant. They are mostly the i black snakes, and unusually large. The chairmen of the various committees in connection -with the Town Council, were elected yesterday, for the ensuing year. Alderman Reeves was elected chairman of the public works committee. Finance Councillor Upton. Market committee Councillor Roberts. Legislative—Alder man Garratt. Water supply—Councillor Johnstone ~ ; The yield of the Albion Company, Stciglitz, for nine days previous to their last cleaning up was 201 oz from 263 tons of stone, showing an improvement on pre vious yields. The Government Gazette notifies the proclamation of commons in the agricul tural areas of Bridgewater. Chiltern, Irre warra, Irrewillipe, Moyhu, Pyalong, AVat gania and Yallook. . An old colonist expresses surprise, say8 the Daylesford Mercury, at the number of deaths from snake poison, as he never knew but one case . terminate fatally in former days, and that'was owing to an aboriginal child ■ having been hurt loiw before the fact was discovered. He says that the natives and ' old hands,' on beiiw bitten, instantly place a tight bandage above and below the fang marks, and then cut out the part. If there was a wild cherry tree at hand, a piece of the bark was torn off, and the inner side applied to the flesh. If powder could be obtained, it was poured upon the- incision, and then fired. The success of these remedies evidently depended upou the promptness with which they were adopted. Old residents, moreover, had greater self-reliance, and more experience as bushmen, than the majority of existing colonists. ; The calculations of the late Mr Isixon, when he was engaged in establishing glass works. , in this; city, were based to a consi derable extent on the ability of his partners to turn out such useful works as kerosene lamp glasses, &c.; .In this he does not appear to have- heen mistaken, for we (Argus) "have now before us a lamp glass, sent to us by Mr Thomas, the manager of the works, which is a most creditable speci men. It is light, clear, well shaped, aud apparently equal to the best imported glasses. We trust the efforts of the men who are thus endeavouring to establish a local industry, which may become very im portant, will be well seconded by the dealers in and buyers of such wares. Tuesday s Gazette contains a long list of allotments forfeited .for non- payment of rent during the months of August and September, and non-compliance with the provisions of the Amending Land Act, 1S65. The Melbourne correspondent of the Ballarat Star writes:—" I mentioned on Monday that nothing definite had been settled with regard to the appointment of a secretary to the Agent-General, Mr Ycrdon. I may now go further and state that the subject has not even been mooted in ■ the Cabinet. It is not even decided that such an appointment shall be made; nay more, nothing has been decided as to what, or what kind of assistance Mr Vcrdon shall receive, for all his duties are not yet defined; for instance, with regard to-imuiigration. I believe a circular will very shortly he issued from the Govern ment printing office requesting the borough and shire councils, and district road boanls, to make any further suggestions they de sire should be incorporated in the new Local Government Acts. Many of the recommendations ot the last Conference have been introduced iuto it, and this circular will simply have reference to any further amendments that may have sug gested themselves, such as that with re gard to special audits recently shown by the proceedings of the St. Kilda Borough Council." We (Argus) hear of nothing to be done at the military bead-quarters in reference to the Hew Zealand disturbances. IVc believe, indeed, that there has liecn no communication from the Hew Zealand Government on the subject; and thus the rumour that the 2nd battalion of the 14th Regiment stationed here are under orders to be in readiness for departure is no more than a canard. It may be eight or ten days before anything definite is known. ■ In the Equity : Court. on Wednesday, judgment was given in the case of llastie v Curdie, a suit to determine the construc tion of the will of the late Mr John llastie of Colac. There was a surplus income, after payment of the annuities and legacies, of about U4000 a-year, and as there was no express gift of surplus income, the suit had been instituted to determine who was entitled to enjoy it. His Honor was of opinion that the testator intended to dis pose of the surplus income hi the same way as the investments, and he therefore directed the trustees to invest the surp'us funds in securities of the class directed in .the will, for the benefit of the parties interested. He declined, however, to ex press any opinion as to the rights of tlio respective claimants, leaving the question to be raised by future proceedings. The case of Carter v Murphy, which was also a suit relating to the disposition of property under a will, was commenced, and was only partly heard when the court rose. The-testator was the late Mr Patrick O'Dea, of Kilmore, who left property to the amount of £70,000. A great many persons are concerned, and 110 less than twelve counsel appeared in the suit. It is notified in Tuesday's Gazette that a County Court for the recovery of debts and demands under the County Court Statute, 1SG.3, is to be held at Mortlakc once at least in every six calendar months. . The Ballarat Star reports:—The case against the late Ballarat Postmaster, for embezzlement, came before the District Court * yesterday morning, and will be found reported in another column. Mr Gurncr, Crown-solicitor, prosecuted, and Sir M'Dermott was in charge of the case for the prisoner. After calling about half a-dozen witnesses to prove that the prisoner had drawn money irom. the Government account without placing it to Government purposes, he was committed for trial at the next Ballarat Circuit . Court. He did not display much nervousness in, the position in which he was placed, and.with the excep: tion of addressing, a few words to Mr M'Dermott, took no part hi the case. The court was crowded. The cheap fares which recently were charged by the steamers between Mel bourne and Tasmania produced an enor mous "increase of»' traffic;' but as they were too' low to he profitable, and as the oppo sition steam-vessel (the Bob Roy) has been sent to Mew Zealand, a re-arrangement of charges has taken place. The following is now the scaleTo or from Hobart Town and Melbourne, cabin, £3 10s; steerage, £2 10s ; in . both cases without provisions. On the Launceston "and Melbourne line, per Dcnrgiit, .cabin, .£2 5s; steerage, £1 5s; in both cases without provisions. In the Tasmania, £2 16s, cabin, with pro; visions; steerage,£1 5s, without provisions. On the Sydney line,' the saloon passage from Hobart Town is reduced to £6 6s, or a return" ticket , for £10 10s, provisions being found. The steerage passage, with provisions,'is fixed for £3 10s. While the late low rates of passage on tlic X,aunccston line are raised, there is a concession to public opinion on the Melbourne and Hobart -T.qwn line, and the passengers who are not able lo eat on a short sea voy age have not now to pay'ftjr fqod which in many cases is wasted. A friend who liad an interview with a passenger from Cape York has communi cated the following to the Gladstone Ob server :—The Hamlet's Ghost, with the spurious Count on board, put into Somerset (Cape York), on or about tlic 15th of August, On being boarded by the police boat, he made inquiries as to whether a frigate had arrived there, aud on being answered in the affirmativebccauic agitated! and eagerly inquired about her movements, but appeared relieved when told that the vessel was II.M.S. Virago, and that she had left the settlement in January. He re mained eight days, and during the whole time kept a bright look-out for vessels in the offing. The captain and the crew were discharged in consequence of a row between the '* Cqunt" and the captain, in which re volvers'were drawn. The crew refused to put the captain in irons, It appears that the Count had kept them in awe by threatening to give them twenty-five lashes a-piece ■when he fell in "with the Austrian frigate he was always expecting. ." The Acting " Police Magistrate induced the crew to re-ship under a fresh agreement, all hut the captain and steward, who remained behind " While in port the Count was always dressed in the uniform of an Austrian captain of jcavalry, and wore a sword when on shore. He made a great display of the money he had with him, and purposely left hills of exchange lying about his cabin for visitors to see, many of which were filled in tor large amounts, and only wanted his signature. He succeeded in imposing upon the authorities, taking sup plies for his vessel and paying for them in bills, which the holders will doubtless dis cover are about as valuable as drafts upon Aldgate pump. Among those who were swindled are two -naturalists, one named Thorpe. The Count bought stufibd birds, &c;_ from them, to the amount of about .£30, hut some slight compunction must hare touched him, for, contrary to cnstom, be paid them half cash and half by a bill. He sailed for Batavia on the eighth day, leaving letters for the captain of the Aus trian frigate and his bankers in Sydney! The frigate was ordered to follow him on to Timor. The captain he has with him is one Austin, late master of the brig Re liance, which was wrecked on the Solomon Group. He was picked up and brought into Bowen, whence he shipped as mate on hoard the Hamlet's Ghost. Two days after she left Somerset, the schooner Cap tain Cook arrived from Bowen, with a warrant for the arrest of the Count. ' The Southern Argus reports a fight with a snake::—On .Saturday evening, a son of Michael Delaney, aged 16, who resides with his father on Mr Zouch's farm at the Yass river, was, while working in a field on the bank of. the river, attacked by a huge snake, which-caught hold of,his trousers at the knee and took a piece of them away. . The cries of the lad attracted several persons, and his father was the first to run to his assistance, who upon hearing his son cry out " a snake," seized a large hoe and ran up; hut as he came near to where his sou was standing, the snake became furiously- mad, and rushed at the father. A regular battle now took' place between the father and the snake. As he would make a blow with the hoe at the snake, it would take a spring and leap higher than his head, twisting itself into various attitudes, thus bespeaking the man ner in which it was enraged. After seven or eight false blows, Delaney succeeded in disabling the monster, which when killed measured a little over eight feet,.and was of the brown species. It is believed that the cause of the snake's anger and disposi tion to show fight was occasioned by its nest having been disturbed on the previous day and the eggs broken. TVe believe that this snake makes the ninth that has been killed near the same place this year. Alluding to the letter from Dr Dempster to Professor Halford on the late snakebite case, as published in the Argus, the O. and 3d. Advertiser says:—" There is, however, omitted from the paragraph aveiy interest ing portion of Dr Dempster's letter, where he pointed out that the injection of antidotes or counteracting stimulants into the veins" of dogs bitten by poisonous snakes, wbich Professor Halford seems to think originated with himself, had already been tried in, Beechwortli by Dr Slater and the Kev Air Howard with marked effect, if not complete success. We have seen carbolic acid for instance used in this way by these gentlemen with perceptihle benefit, and it was a stand ing theory . with them that all outward applications, although they tried several known so-called antidotes, would be of no avail, and that with whatever they might hope to succeed it must have the same chance of speedy and intimate circulation with the blood as the snake poison itself. In fact it was no doubt the form of ' the fang of the snake and the manner in which the poison was injected that suggested that means of counteracting it, which will in all human probability prove successful. The man is doing welt but is still a little stupid, and complains a good deal of his leg." The Madagascar correspondent of the Port Bouis Gazette writes:—" One of the new musical instruments possessed by the natives of the interior of Madagascar, and which seems indigenous to the country, consists of a thick hollow piece of bamboo about three feet long, with strings resem bling violin strings, seventeen in number, but which are composed of the skin of the bamboo skilfully detached from its sur face, and kept from touching it by small pieces of wood, similar to those by wbich violin strings are supported, placed under neath the strings, and' by means' of which they, the strings, are also tightened, and when played upon by well-trained fingers, they emit by no means unpleasant music, and quadrilles, waltzes, and nume rous airs can be played thereon. The name of the instrument as pronounced is, in the malagash language "Valeha," though it might appropriately be termed the "Malagash harp;" but as to whether the idea of the thing really originated in the Hovas brain, which is more imitative than initiative, or was borrowed from that of some of our stringed instruments, such as ■ violins, guitars, &c;, is doubtfuL The papers announce that the last sec- tion of the great line of rail from Paris to the Mediterranean, which is to connect the French frontier with Italy, will he open to the public on 8th October from Nice to Monaco. 