FRIDAY, MARCH 6, 1868. Among the sales of CroAvn land lately aunounced in the Government Gazette, is one to Avhich the attention of those in- terested in the establishment of docks at Melbourne ought to be directed, and Avhich involves very grave considera- tions as to the- administration of the Lands department. BetAveen the Mel- bourne Gasworks and the fence of the railway terminus there is an allotment of some three acres, which has been, since 1863, in the occupation of Mr. WILLIAMS, M.L.A., and on wliieh that gentleman has erected workshops for the manufacture of railway and other carriages. On March 7th of last year tliis allotment was gazetted for sale by auction, but on Mr. DAVID MOORE bringing it under the notice of the As-, sembly, the sale was postponed. The objections taken by Mr. MOORE Avere, that no land ought to be sold in the locality,'since it Avould be certain to be required some day for dock purposes ; that the valuation of the improve- ments-£6,895-Avas excessive, and must prevent anyone but Mr. WIL- LIAMS bidding for the land ; and that the upset price of .£100 per acre was notoriously very far beloAV the value of land in that part of the city. On a subsequent day, the 20th of the same month, Mr. MOORE moA'ed for a copy of the lease under Avhich Mr. WILLIAMS held the land, and of all correspon- dence relating thereto. The return to ' this motion enables us to relato suc- cinctly the history of Mr. WILLIAMS'S endeavours to purchase the allotment, and of the conduct of the Lands de- partment in regard to it. The application for a lease under the 50th section of the Land Act of 18G2 is dated 27th September of that year. It Avas granted; and on the 20th November following, the lease Avas exe- cuted. The main conditions of this lease Avere, shortly, that the land should be used only for tlie'jmrposes 0f a fac. tory ; that the, rent should be ¿£50 por annum ; and the term seven years. On the 25th April, 18G4, Mr. WILLIAMS applied by letter for permission to purchase, urging as the ground for the application that it Avas necessary to raise a breastwork round the allotment, to prevent a recurrence of the damage Avhich had been experienced some little time before from floods. This application wks referred to Mr. SKENE, who're l ported on it in theso terms :-" In my " opinion' it would be tífladv^ablo that ", so large ' an area of land, \,actually| " abutting on the terminus of the* Vio1 " torian railways, should be alienated " in fee simple. . . . At the time' " of making his application for a " lease, Mr. WILLIAMS could not have " been ignorant of the fact that the site " applied for was periodically inundated " by the overflow of the Yarra." This report does not appear to have been communicated to Mr. WILLIAMS at the time ; for the only memorandum in it is that the consideration was postponed by the Board ; and in the following Novem- ber Mr. WILLIAMS repeated his applica- tion, and reminded the Board that he had applied in the previous April. But it does not seem that anything further was done with this second appli- cation, except that, like Mr. SKENE'S report, the consideration of it was postponed. In January, 1S65, Mr. WILLIAMS wioto for the third time, asking that he might be permitted to purchase, and on this occasion the papers show that ho actually did get an answer ; for in this letter is a minute signed "J. G., for President." "The " Honourable the President declines to " sell land in this locality. So in " fonn Mr. WILLUNS. 24 | 1 | 65." " Mr. WILLIAMS verbally so informed ; " put up. 1 | 2 | 65.-J. G." Those minutes are perfectly intelligible with the exception of the last two words. What tiley mean we are unable to say. From January, 1865, to January, 1867, nothing further appears to have been done in the matter j either Mr, WIL- LIAMS was satisfied with the answer ho received, or he thought it hopeless to make any more applications. But be- tween the two periods just mentioned, a chango took place at the Board of Land and Works-Mr. GRANT suc- ceeding Mr. HEALES. A change also oc- curred in the circumstances of the Minis- try, and in the position of Mr. WILLIAMS. The Ministry had commenced that career of lawlessness which they have not yet abandoned, and which has led thom to resort to all manner of questionable and unquestionable expedients, in order to obtain support ; and Mr. WILLIAMS had become mayor of Melbourne and an influential Ministerialist, Whether Mr. GRANT disapproved of written appli- cations, or whether Mr. WILLIAMS had discovered that there were far more effective methods of approaching the Land Office than by written communi- cations, which could afterwards be pro- duced, we cannot say; but the next document that is published in the return is under date 25th January, 1867, and is a letter from Mr. HARDING, one of the surveyors of the department, to the President of the Board, in these terms : " In accordance with verbal instruc " tions received from you, I have made " survey and valuation of the improve " ments effected on an allotment of " land near the Melbourne Gasworks, " on BATMAN'S Swamrjj and loa?od " to WILLIAM Yrâ-i-iAîiô, Squire.1' It would be interesting to ascertain why these " instructions " were " verbal," and why, after the report of Mr. SKENE, and the previous decision of the Board, the one and tho other should be ignored, and Mr. GRANT should, on an applica- tion, made we know not how? issue " verbal instructions," of the terms' ôi which no record seems to have been kept. Mr. GRANT, in replying to Mr. MOORE, said, " Mr. WILLIAMS made out t( a very fair case to the Government for " submitting the land to auction." But where is the record of this 1 The only case made out, so far as this return shows, was one ..on which Mr. SKENE reported unfavourably, and which the Board deemed anything but "fair." After three formal written applications, Mr. WILLIAMS was definitely told that the land could not be sold. What happened in the interval between the last application and the " verbal instrnc " tions" given by Mr. GRANT? However, the valuation was made, and included not merely the buildings, but the plant and fixtures also; for Mr. HARDING enumerated in what he calls the " description of buildings," " two steam engines," " boiler," " steam-hammer," " pulleys," "circular " and vertical saws," "forges," "blast " pipes and fan," " benches," " furnace," " derrick crane," and " weighbridge." Now, the public has a right to know whether the " verbal instructions" given by Mr. GRANT to the surveyor, directed that officer to value these machines and implements, and include them in his " description- of buildings ;" and, fur- ther, whether such a method of valuation is commonly employed, and is consis- tent with the provisions of the Land Act. However, by regarding this machinery and plant as part of the buildings, the valuation was swollen to £6,895 ; and the Board, on the 20th January, 1867, agreed to the sale, and accepted the above valuation. On this Mr. WiLLiAMS-executed a surrender of his lease, and the land was advertised for sale ; but at this point, Mr. MOORE interposed. It is now advertised again, to be sold at the same upset price, and with the same valuation, on the 27th of the present month. There is an unpleasant and question- able air about this transaction. The inclusion of the machinery and plant has the appearance, to say the least, of an intention to make the valuation as high as possible. The fixing of the upset price at £100 an acre for land close to the railway terminus is not less suspiciouit. For less than three acres of land at COLE'S and RALEIGH'S Wharves, and no very great distance from tho allotment in question, the Government agiecd to pay something like £8,000 an acre. If this bo not too much, surely £100 an acre for Mr. WILLIAMS'S land must be far too little. Were the allotment sold without the incumbrance of over-valued improvements, we venture to say that it would fetch nearly, if not quite, ten times the upset price put upon it. Then, again, do the Go- vernment purpose to treat the Melbourne Gas Company in the same way, and make over to them the land they occupy at £100 an acre"? Is all the land in tlie swamp to be disposed of at this ridiculously low price? And why has the land been put up again at all before an explanation could be given to Parlia- ment 1 Has the fact, that Mr. WIL- LIAMS has now become a Ministerial member of the Assembly, had anything to do with it f" These aro questions to which an answer should be sought directly Parliament meets. Meanwhile, it is the duty of the Chamber of Com- merce, aa the only representative of the interests'itivolved, to protest'against the alienation of any land in that part of Batman's Swamp until the site and extent of the docks Avhich will some day be constructed are definitely deter- mined. The prevention of infanticide is a question surrounded Avith difficulties, and the more closely it is examined tho greater are the perplexities Avhich pre- sent themselves. In providing for the mitigation of one evil, you encourage the groAvth of another. Admirable as AA'as the purpose, and beneficent as has been the operation, of Foundling Hos- pitals, these institutions have, Inevorthe less, favoured the spread of immorality. When a proposition Avas made to admit deserted infants to the Hospital of the Holy Ghost, in Paris, in the early part of the fifteenth century, it Avas nega- tived by CHARLES the SEVENTO, Avho sagaciously remarked that if this propo- sition were adopted, " many people " would have fewer scruples in aban " doning themselves to sin, seeing " that their illegitimate offspring Avould " be provided for, and they themselves " relieved from all responsibility and " solicitude." M. DE GouROFr, who investigated the subject, at the instance of the Czarina of BUSSIA, about forty years ago, and Avho pursued his inquiries in the principal countries of Europe, arrived at the conclusion, which he sup- ported by elaborate statistics, that the crime of infanticide was less prevalent in those states in which no foundling hospitals existed than in those in Avhich they did. Among other instances ho cites the city of Mayence, Avherc, betAveen the years 1799 and 1811, the number of infants deserted and exposed Avas only thirty. On the 7th of No- vember, 1811, NAPOLEON established a Foundling Hospital, Avith a vieAv to the preparation of recruits for his army, and betAveen that date and March, 1815, Avhen it AA'as suppressed by the Grand Duke of HESSE-DARMSTADT, it received 510 enfanii, trouvés. During the Avhole of the folloAving nine years there Avere only seven infants exposed. But -whether such hospitals mitigate or aggravate the prevalence of the crime they are instituted to lessen, is a ques- tion not so material to discuss as the* origin of the evil itself, and the means by Avhich it may bo diminished. No-, body conversant Avith the general spirit of European legislation in regard to seduction, paternity, and filiation, can fail to be struck by its injustice towards women. The laws framed by tho strong bear with onnresfjiye severity upon the weak. The victim, has to enduro all the consequences of a transgression, for AA'hich she is perhaps less culpable than her betrayer. Even to enable her to obtain a miserable pittance for the maintenance of her illegitimate, offspring, she must make a public avowal, of her shame, and subject herself to a cross-examination from which every woman not absolutely destitute of modesty nuiçy sh^nk, wjftb. horror and.! cH-giiSt. And society is not less unjust than the law. Jt places her under a ban; but its demeanöti? is unaltered: toAvards her seducer. Hi»M.» brutal' soever may be his passions, »Rd hoAv unbiidled soever his gratifica-'' tion of thom, not a back is turned upon him, not a door is closed against him. Society resen'es all itsfroAvns and all its reproaches for his unfortunate victim ; Avhile it promotesseduction,concubinage, and prostitution, by setting up fake standaids of domestic life and social economy, by discountenancing habits of frugality and simplicity, by stimulating ostentation and luxury, by conniving at the general corruption of manners, and i by multiplying the impediments to early ' marriages, or to marriages of any kind, ' unless the persons contracting them pos- \ sess the means of maintaining an opu- , lent appearance. Considering that the family is the basis of society, no principle of legisla- tion would appear to be so sound as that which should impose upon the author. . of a child's existence, and primarily up- on its father, the responsibility of its'" education, training, and support. In the case of illegitimate children, how over, this principle is Avholly disregarded. Ijt is true the putative father can be coin', pellcd to make a small payment for the physical sustenance of his offspring; but beyond this, he is relioAred of ali responsibility. He may even repudiate his pecuniary liability, if he has reason to believe that the mother's fear of ex- posure will prevent her from bringing him into a police court. Consequently, none of the consequences of his'immo- , rality fall upon him. She alone is the victim and the sufferer ; and very often,!, she becomes an infanticide. The law is her enemy ; and so is society. For the principal Avrongdoer there is almost ab- solute immunity ; and for her nothing but penalties and disgrace. "When " an act of felony or of assassina " tion has been perpetrated, " ob- serves a recent AATiter on this subject, " society demands immediate satisfac " tion for it. It ought to pursue the " same course when individuals aiming " at the evasion of the first of duties, be " queath to it demoralisation and de " cadeneo by abandoning to it their " illegitimate children. The father of " a natural child should be compelled to " make an official declaration of its " birth within three days, and this " single declaration AA'OUM establish the " duties of paternity." The writer cal- culates that such a proceeding would havo the effect of diminishing by ninc tenths the number of foundlings ex- posed in France. We are not un- mindful of the fact that this might afford indirect encouragement to an- other crime, which, unfortunately, is by no means uncommon even now j1.' but this cannot be accomplished without medical assistance, and the number of unscrupulous practitioners is happily so' small, and the risks attending the crimo are so great, that there is not much ¡fear of its assuming more dangerous propor- tions than at present. '* '.« One of the wisest of the legislators of ancient Greece placed tho libertine on tho same footing as regards civil disabilities ..with the professional concubine; and be- fore *we can hope to remedy these social evils, of which, as a correspon- dent observes, child-murder is but a single phase, we must dqualise the seducer and the seduced before tho law and in the eye of society. Wo must not continuo to treat* the illicit indul- gence of one passion as a venial offence, irtv/e subjecting other infractions of tho $ ml law to pains and penalties, al- though such infractions may be, in reality, much less injurious to society, and pioductivc of far less pernicious con- sequences ; and we must remember, to quote the words of a distinguished authoiess, that " it is impossible to " found order and libeity upon the " moral anarchy which is established by ." the despotism of the passions." Tlie Executive Council met yesterday, to . consider tho casca of tbe several prisoners now lying under sentence of death ; but the .evidence was so voluminous that no decision was arrived at, and the matter was postponed until Monday next. As showing the straits to which tho civil servants have been reduced, wo may mention that during the last ten days the Equitable Loan and Investment Company, of Elizabeth street, has advanced over £10,000 on account of the judgments obtained for salaries due, and expect tvithin the next ten days to .disburse in the same mannor £20,000 more, The charge made for cashing the judgments is ninepence in the pound, and tho employés Mho have been compelled to avail themselves of the accommodation thus offeicd belong principally to the Government Priuting . office, the Mining department, the Detective police idepartment, the Botanic-gardens, and the Custom-house and Crown Lands depart 'ments. By the City of Melbourne, which arrived at an caily hour this morning, wo leceived our liles by the Panama mail, New South Wales ipapers to the 4thinst., and Wellington papers to tho 2Gth February. There is but little in- telligence of any interest from New Zealand ; but elsewhere wo give extracts from our Panama files, and also an account of the late destructive fire in Sydney. A number of the defeated candidates at the late general election dined together, at the Loudon Tavern, last night. The proceedings ?were private. Our contemporary, ' the Evening Star, has the following excellent nanni ka on the rula, tivc st length of the. Ministerial and Opposi- tion voters at thelate elections :-"There is one very simple''modo of exhibiting tho strength of partids in some of the constituen- cies, the correctness of which must be appa- rent even to the meanest capacity. In those constituencies which return "only one mern 'bra; and for which there was only ore candi- date on each side, the result must exhibit the numb» of Ministerialists and Oppositionists Take these, viz. : _-_I ". I ° Dalhousie . d12 828 Eveljn. 891 123 Gipps Land (Non h) .. 570 639 Gipps Landb (South) . .. . 182 118 Mornington. 437 213 Normanby . 339 soo Eodno). 480 213 iBrighton. 403 37s 'East Bourke Borouglm .. . 600 390 Emerald-hill ^. 887 829 Murri) Boroughs .. ..-.,- 227 172 Portland., li 190 114 Warrnambool.* .. 277 172 ^lilllaiiiitown. 4S8 HO _Totala .O.OSO 4,871 Thus 111 these fourteen constituencies 0,080 persons voted for the Government, and 4,871 against them, or exactly in the proportion of «five to four. Is this anything like the won- derful unanimity which Mr. Higinbotham .pxpock'd when he went to the country? Yet 'these are the constituencies in which the Go-v crnment is strongest ; for out of the foui tcen scats the Opposition (although almost as numcious as their opponents) only secured 'two. It would be well if the Ministerial jour- nal Mould address itself to explain or 'ex- tenuate this fact-which, even with its brazen, eífiontciy, cannot be denied- that' C.0S0 Ministerialists returned twelve membeis, while 4,871 Oppositionists returned only two." ' ' ¿jfjani a bundi ed Melbourne gentlemen lad ¡the' good lïck t0 8ivo the S0'^ to ye3ter day^s excessive heat by ,1oininSin on exceed- ingly pleasant excursion down tho vi}'. . ° John Penn is a very clover little steamship . that has recently arrived in Victorian waters from a Thames building-yard ; and her enter- prising owner,' Mr.' J. Johnson, of Mcwburn park, Sale, choso yesterday as the proper occasion for giving his extensivo circle of acquaintances a tasto of the new steamer's . quality, and also a comprehensivo tasting of, -tho best wines-native and impottod-that are procurable in theMelbournc market. Tho John Penn sailed from the Sandridge railway pier at half-past ten, with a party on board that comprised gentlemen distinguished in all tho sections of our colonial society, and after a smart run, made fast to the Queenscliff jetty at about two p.m. On' the trip down she had run ten knots of the reel without being pushed to the full extent of her, capacity. Mr, Johnson's guests enjoyed an houi's stroll about Queenscliff before the Penn's gun recalled them on board ; and v htn all were assembled, the ship cast off from the pier, and the seiious business of lunch very soon commenced, It is scarcely necessary to say that this was engaged in with > becoming gravity and eagerness. Every thing, fin the way of tood was ex- cellent, and the wines were better still, if that were possible. From . lunch timo until the Penn mado fast to the Australian '?«barf, at about oight o'clock in the evening, ?the festivities continued without interrup- tion, and a great many toasts woic drunk x> ith the utmost cordiality. Mr. D. S. Camp- bell proposed the health of "The founder of the feast," to which Mr. Johnson re- sponded, giving some interesting reminis- cences of his old colonial life. Captain Lawrenco then proposed the health of "Cap- tain Meikleham, master of tho John Penn ; " which being duly responded to, the Kev. Mr. Guinness proposed the health of "Tho Messrs. Johnson,, jun.," sons of the ownei of the ship ; to which one of those young gentlemen replied with much good taste and good feeling. The excursion was altogether -a most agreeable one to all who took part in it, and will long be lerotmbored as a very pleasant holiday. We may mention that the John Penn has been planned and built expressly for the west coast of New Zealand trade, and that she is exceedingly well suited for that business. On Monday next sho will sail for her destina- tion ¡ and all who enjoyed yesterday's trial trip in her will bo delighted to find that she proves a commercial success. The Geelong Races, which took place yes -^ 'day, were well attended, there being he- len 2,000 and 3,000 people present. The \ ( ucing was good, and the favourites were ^beaten both in tho Geelong Handicap aud the Hurdle Eace. The former, was won hy old Baroon ; Old England, the favourite, heing second; and the latter by Mariner's Daughter. Tho Maiden Plate iwos appro- priated by Beadsman, by Boiardo ¡ and tho District Plato by Lath. There wore two pro testsjlodged during the day-the one ágaínst Barwon, for jostling in the Handicap,,which, was decide jil "his favour; and tho' other against ¡LathliiinJthe District Plate, as not being a district horse. In this lattor tho stewards ^deferred, giving their decision till J t appears by.a report from the veterinary j eilffjeon who has been in attendance upon the I highly bred horse Stockowncr, the present I Great siro of the Maribyrnong stud, that this j fine animal lias, under treatment, been brought into a fair way of recovery. It seems that the horse had broken the largo bo'ne of the shoulder (the humems), at the lower part of the body. On Tuesday the horse Avas re- leased from his slings, and was able to walk lo his own loose box. The circumstances connected with the grounding of the ship Arima on the 25th February, -while coming up the bay, were inquired into yesterday by the Pilot Board. After healing the evidence, the board con- sidered that rilot Hannah, in whose charge tlie vessel Avas at the time, was not account- able for the grounding, this having been caused by aicccnt accumulation of sand off the Swan Spit lighthouse, not hitherto known to exist. The phoal in question had, it appeared, formed quite lately, and seemed to bo caused by a deposit of drift-sand, swept doAvn by the tide fiom Cole's Chan- nel. It is about a cable length and a half long, and trends N.N.K \ E. Its ex- treme southern end bears from the Swan Spit light S.E. byS. AS., distance 172 fathoms! the northern extremity beats fiom tho light E. by S., distance 142 fathoms ; and there are sixteen feet of water on the shallowest part of it. Captain Fullarton had sounded in tho same locality twice since. January, and had never found leas than tlîrcc and a half fathoms. I . The usual Avcekly meeting of the Committee of the Benevolent Asylum'was held yesterday afternoon. "Mr. Thomas Dickson presided, and thero weie present besides-Messrs. Tankaid, Barwiso, Zox, Lynch, and Wild. The supeiintendcnt's report stated that three inmates had died since the lastL meeting, leaving the present number at 491. From the same document it appeared that the cost of maintenance during the month had been £901 5s. Id. Several vacancies having been filled up, Mr. Barwise moved that it be a re- commendation to the subscribers, at the next general meeting, to haA-e the institution in- corporated under the Ilospital and Charitable Institutions Act, 18G4. Mr. Zox seconded the motion, which Avas agreed to. The com- mittee then adjourned. There have been in the lost two days about 270 petitions filed v. the Queen, ia the matter of overdue salaries. The Crown witnesses (unpaid) have been clamoious at the office of the prothonotary, and it is said that tho fund for their payment is just now once more exhausted. In the Old Couit-houso yesterday, boforo Mr. Justice Williams and a special jury of twelve, an action for libel, bl ought by the Hev. F. C. Platts, Church of England clergy;' man, Sandridge, against Captain Daniel M'Callum, sccretaryof the Victorian Seamen's Mission, Avas commenced. The case ' AAÏII be concluded to-day. ' ? ' ' Mr. Justice Molesworth yesterday gave judgment in the equity suit of Georgaon v. Patterson. Although the case has been con- tested to a hearing, as the defendant gftA'e up all that plaintiff asked theie Avas no substan- tial question to be decided by the Court, und the suit proceeded apparently to determine Avho should pay the preliminary costs. His Ilonour mado a decree in plaintiff's favour ; but, as both parties Avere to blame, 'gave costs to neither. TAVO cases were tiied in the Court of Mines yesterday- Oxky v. Little and Croker v. Wigg. Judgment was reserved in each. At the sitting of the Supreme Criminal Court yesterday, Archibald Baird Wardrop was brough tup to receive sentence. A number of witnesses spoke to the previous good character of the prisoner. Ills Ilonour passed sentence of one year's imprisonment, Avithout hard labour. John O'Brien,, who had pleaded "Guilty*'to a charge of theft, was sentenced to two years' hard labour. The Court adjourned sine die. At the Bourke General Sessions yesteiday, the learned Chairman mentioned that he had just'beon informed of an outrage upon the proceedings of a court of justice, pcrpo trated yesteiday by partisans of a prisoner having followed with threatening languago a AVitness in the case of Reg. v. Thompson and Jones. Ile denounced such proceedings, and intimated that the course of the evidence taken in the cose should attract the notice of tholicensingBonehof thoCity Court, in refer- ence to Tattersall^ Hotel with which one at least of'the prisoners Avas1 Connected. Richard Can tion was found "Guilty" of embezzling funds belonging to a Forestéis' lodge at Col lingwood, and was remanded for sentence. The appeals Avili be heard to-day. Mr Charles Dalrymple, Avho, it maybe re- collected, leeéi.üy exhibited panoramic YIWÎ of "Heaven and Earth" at St. George's Hnll, has fallen into the hands of the Philis- tines. A few months back the panorama AVOS the joint property of Messrs. Alexander and Dalrymple. Alexander assigned his in- terest in the matter to a younger brother, and ATent away to NOAV Zealand. Dalrymple and Alexander soon afterwards started on a pro- fessional tour through Tasmania, but after visiting several toAvns, Dalrymple returned to 'Melbourne, having previously instructed his ,p_rtner to complete the tour. To his uttor astonishment Dalrymple met Alexander in Melbourne on Wednesday, and on inquiring about the panorama, he was informed that it Avas in poAvn. Dalrymple immediately hastened to the pawn-office indicated, where ho was informed that Alexander intended to remove the "A-iews" atan eaily hour on the following morning. Determined not to be outwitted, Dalrymple attended at " uncle's" establishment at daylight yesterday, and forcibly carried away the almost used-up vestiges of " Heaven and Earth." , Later, in the day Alexander applied for a warrant, and his lirasoiblo paitnor shortly afterwards foil into the clutches of Detective Black. The body of' a' man was found floating in the Yana yesterday hy Mr, John Bryant, boatman, of Prince's-bridgc The polico were communicated Avith, when the body was quickly recovered, and rcmoA'ed to the morgue, at Batman's-hill, for the purpose of identification. The hotly is described as that of a man about shvty years old, 5ft. 9in. high, slender build, dark red hair, Avhiskers and moustache inclined to grey, Avhiskeis Avom all rouud the face ; dressed in light-grey A-estand trousers, grey Crimean shirt,,Avhitc linen collar, white inside flannel, Avhito cot- ton socks, and black silk necktie. The body had'neither coat, boots, nor hat,,and1 the only prop« ty found Avas a pair of spectacles in a black paper case. r ' A daring robbery was committed under vio- lent circumstances at tho Humraums Hotel, corner of Bourke and Russell streets, shortly after midnight on Wednesday. Between twelve and ono o'clock, and after the doors of the hotel had been locked and secured, and the lights extinguished (with the exception oi a night-lamp), Mrs. Cooper, the landlady, fas- tened the bai-, and Avas proceeding up-stairs with the cash-box in her hand, when she was suddenly blindfolded from bohind", thrown doAvn A-iolcntly, and the cash-box Avrested from her possession. A waiter named George Sayce, Avho slept in an adjoining joom, AVOS alaimed by the noise, and he rushed out half' dressed, and seeing the prostrate position of Mrs. Cooper, ho immediately seized the strange man. A short strugglo took place, but the waiter received several blows on the temples from some heaA-y instrument, which tendered him insensible. The unusual noise and scuffle at the bottom of the stairs attracted tho attention of Mr. Cooper and a lodger, 'who were upstairs. They descended, and discovered Mrs. Cooper on the floor in an almost helpless condition,' and the .waiter stretched, senseless. The robber, had effected a,clear exit,, Jcavjnga billycock,,hat'-behind him. ¡The presumption iis'that .tho ruffian wal .well acquainted with 'the "premises, and after effecting his object, he. rushed through a passage, reached the back yard, and having scaled'the gate, he gained a right of-way leading into Russell-street. Medical assistance was quickly procured, when it was ascertained that Mrs. Cooper had received a severe injury in the knee, and some nasty sei ¡itches in the face. Sayce sustained a deep wound on the temple, hut not of a dangerous nature. _ During the aftornoon of yesterday tue cash-box was found in Ricmuuna l'ad dock, near the East Melbourne Cricket ground. A number of bills of exchange, building society scrip, and other documents, valued at £1,000, remained intact, but the ready money, amounting to about £t, had been removed. On Saturday evening an accident occurred near tho Richmond-bridge, under circum- stances which demand further inquiry, A labouring man named Charles Harland, re- turning from hi«, work, wns overtaken near tho Prince Alfred Hotel by an American buggy, containing threo men and two women. Though it was broad daylight, the horse was driven against him, and throw him down, the vehicle passing over his body. The driver and the other persons in the' vehicle looked out, and saw the accident, but insteadof offeringanyassistance drove rapidly away. The unfortunate man, who is upwards of sixty years of age, was carried into a shop near the hotel; and after being lefrcshed with some tea, a gentleman procured a cab, in which he was carried homo to Mollison- strcet, East Collingwood. Ho lias since been nndei medical treatment, and it i«, feared that ho has been permanently disabled. Wc call attention to the facts for the purpose of inviting anyone who can holp to identify the persons who have been guilty of this wanton outiago, and who are respon- sible for the injury which Harland lias suf- fered, to communicate with Mr. E. A. Atkyns, solicitor, Eldon-chambers. The norticultuial Society of Victoria held their usual monthly meeting on Wednesday last, at the Mechanics' Institute ; Mr. W. Clarson in tho chair. Amongst the corre- spondence was a letter from the Royal Horti- cultural Society of England, in reply to an application f i om this society, asking for scions, &c;, of all their fruit tiecs. The letter was as follows :-" South Kensington, 23rd Dec, 18G7. Sir,-I have the honour to acknow- ledge the ícceipt of your favours of the 21st and 27th September last, wherein you ask the council of this society for a giant of scions of fruit trees for youl Iloiticultui al Society of Victoria. In i reply, I am diiccted to express the pleasure the council have in complying with your re- quest. The directions as to time of sending, also mode of packing, shall be strictly fol- lowed out, so that I trust they may arrive in healthy condition. The unanimous feeling of our council is that horticultural societies might and ought mutually to assist one another ; and on our part wc shall at all times be pleased to foiwaid jour advancement by any means you can suggest that is within our gi asp.-I have the honour to be, sir, your very obedient servant, JAMES RIOKAKDS, Assistant Secretary. To Mr. John Toon, Hon. Secretary'Horticultural Society of Victoria." The report of the Gai den Committee, ap- pointed to examino the fruit, as to correctness of name, &c;, of the tices now bearing in the society's gardens, was brought up ' and le ceived, and the committee were requested to continue their labours in this direction, the lesultpioting that numbers of the trees íe ceived from the various colonies and Eng- land arc not true to name. A resolution was also arrived at, that at tho next meet- ing of the committee the. question of holding a spring exhibition 'be decided upon. The following now members were announced :-Messrs. Broughton, Crompton, Beattie, Deeble, and Moffatt. Mr. Phillips having lesigned the collectorship, Mr. Bcddy was appointed to act in his stead. Amongst the exhibits, Mr. Ronalds, of Richmond, showed a laige stand of Zinnia Klegans (fiore pleno), containing blooms of every shade in colour. This flower still maintains its posi- tion as the best and most effective autumn blooming annual ; also blooms of the Passi flora Buonapartii, and a plant of Cissus Discolor, lcmaikable for its very ornamental foliage. T. Lang and Co., of Ballarat, exhi- bited a very fine bloom of the Liluim Ama turn, and also blooms of a new liluim from Japan, temporarily named "Exqnisitum," in every way well worthy of its name. I Last evening an apparently large fire was observed in the neighbourhood of Hcrne hill, about two miles norn Geelong. The Geelong Fire Brigade, with their engine, were promptly in attendance j wit on arriving at the scene of vh<î conflagration, it was found that it was caused by the owner having set Hie to a field of stubble, in order to get rid of it. The members of the brigade felt natu- rally annoyed at having to come so far on a fruitless enand, moto especially as notice should fiist have been given by the owner of liis intention to do so, and a general feeling i was expressed that ho should be called upon ( to pay the expenses of the brie ade. An accident of a serious character occurred yesteiday to Mr. J. G. Mack, of Berry Bark, Cressy. He was riding to Geelong on a recent purchase, the celebrated trotter Panic, when he was thrown off at Murghebolac, sustain- ing serious injuries, from the effects of which it was at first thought he would riot recovor. Subsequent reports, however, stated that the danger was not as great as at'first antici; pated. ! At the usual "monthly meeting of the com- mittee of the Geelong and Western District Agricultural and Hoiticultural Society, held yesterday, it was resolved, in considera- tion of several shows being held in tho last Week of March, to postpone the National Show of Grain till Thmsda'y,'the 2nd April. The meeting was adjourned till next Satur- day, for the purpose of appointing judges for the various departments of the exhibi- tion. 'The Hobart Town Mercury has the fol- lowing on recent ovonta in Victoria: "Since the Assembly was dissolved, nothing has occuncd to show that Ministcis were light and the Connell wrong. Nothing in the colony ; nothing at homo. Nothing in the course of the elections themselves, nor in tho conduct of the Ministry'whilst without a Parliament. On the contiary, they lcmain pretty much as they woio in point of numbers in the Assembly,-and they have gono on floundering out of orte difficulty into anothei before the public.(*' "First, the Governor re- fused to issue any mole warrants for tho pay- ment of money on their confessions oí judgment ; and noxt, the banks, after con- senting to discount those judgments, now decline to do so any longer without bottei security. From home, the accounts have been anything but what they could have wished, and this will piobably appear to be moie decidedly the caso when tho despatches fiom the Colonial-oflice como to be pub- lished, The whole of the common-senso oi the mother, country is against them, and the British Parliament will doubtless be against them when it meets, if it has not met already. In! all this, thero is nothing to lead the Coun- cil! to any other conclusion than that they arc light. And why should they set consti tutioíiáljlaw at defianco at the bidding oi Mr. Higinbotham, or any other persone desirous only of serving their own views oi ends 1 Nay,'more : whore is the shadow of c pietence for believing that thoy will de so?" ' . j We have our files from South Australia te thqSrd inst. We talco > the following .from tho S. A. RtptBter of that' datel-^¡The final announcement .made last w,c<$C;Ó^o'the c!osl o/ entertaining His Royal Hjgfinejss theipúkc . of Edinburgh! ought noti'to/goiunnoticed. ? After all the fears about.'onormóüíPexpcndi turé,' it turns out that £16,000 will more than cover tho whole of the expenses incurred by tho Government of South Australia on. account of this Royal reception. Seeing, then, that everything was right royally done, the colonists ought to be thankful to the committee of management for the care and labour Avhich they must have devoted to the matter." , '1 he Duke of Edinburgh, Theatre AVOS closed last night, the amount of public patronage accorded to this place of amusomont no longer justifying the co- operative company of actors in keeping'it open. "The Child of the Regiment" and the builesquo of "The Lady of Lyons" were re- peated at the Theatre Royal last night, Miss Marion Dunn sustaining the leading parts in both pieces. The chief atttaction at the Princess's AVOS the nautical diama, "The Wreck of the Rapid." Both houses announce a new-extiaA- aganza, founded on the mytho- logical story of "Acis and Galatea," for Sa- turday evening. In our list of auditors elected for the vari- ous municipalities which appeared in yester- day's issue the name of Mr. Christopher Hall, for Brighton, was accidentally omitted. As the General Grant Relief Fund is about to be Avound np, all persons who ha\\-o col- lected funds aio requested to at once forward their bubsciiption- lists, together with the sums received, to tho ticasuier, the Mayor, at the Town-hall. The election for two assessors for Bourke Ward took placo yesterday, at St. Patrick's hall, and considerable interest was mani- fested in the event. At the close of the poll it AVOS found that Messrs. A. Stevenson and W. F, D. Ii vino were elected. At a meeting of the Upper Yarra Railway League, held at the Old England notel, Heidelberg, Mr. J. Sutherland in the chair, the bon. secretary ropoited that the sub- scription list and piomises amounted to neaily £100. Mr. Cyrus Mason Avas unani- mously elected collector to the lcagu», From the incicasing interest taken in the scheme, it Avas a generally-expressed opinion that by an energetic canvass of the districts inte icsted, the leaguo would be in sufficient funds to commence the flying survey of the line in a very few weeks. At Lilydale, on Tuesday last, the members and friends of the United Methodist Free Chuich held a tea meeting, to commemorate the opening of a place of worship, orected some twelve months smco in that locality. The tea was numerously attended. After tea a public meeting was held, Mr. Toon in the chair. Addresses were delivered by the Revs. J. Walker, Barton, and AVestacott, and Messrs. Wilson, Beatty, Ellingworth, and other friends. The proceeds of the ser- vices in connexion with tho anniversary amounted to £28. During tho evening selections of sacred music were given by the choir. We learn that the members of the Military Dramatic Club haA'e consented to givo a pei formance, in tho Mechanics' Institute, Eme- rald-hill, on'Tuesday next, the 10th inst., in aid of the funds of the Emerald-hill Benevo- lent Asylum, on which occasion-by kind permission of Lieutenant-Colonel Trevor, ,C.B,, and the officers-tho band of the regi- ment will be in attendance, and perform seAcral pieces of music. The performances will commence Avith Tom Taylor's comedy ol " Still Waters Run Deep," to bo followed by a variety of dancing, singing, and instrumen- tal solos by members of the band. The honorary trcasuier of the Deaf and Dumb Institution begs to acknowledge, Avith thanks, the folloAving sums received during the month of Februaiy, in aid of ti c mainte- nance fund :-Per horoiary secretary-Bo> rough Council Fitzroy, £5 5s. ; proceeds of the fCte given by the Manchester Unity Indepen- dent Order of Oddfellows, per Joseph M'Lean and Geo. Langridge, £140 ; Bo rough Council Browns-and Scarsdale, £5 Boiough Council Steiglitz, £2 2s. ; Unitec Road District Board, Gisborne, £3 3s. East Loddon Road Board, £5 ; Shire Coun eil Marong, £5 5s. ; Borough Council Warr nambool, per W. J. Jamieson, mayor, £10 Per superintendent-J. Fairfax, £1 ; F. Fur niss, 10s. ; Mills, Misses, per W. Stokes, Sputl Yal ra, £10. Per collector- Sands and M'Dougall, £1 Is. ¡ Maries and Son, £1 Is. Pyno, Roath, and Co., £1 Is. ; Bligh and Harbottle, £2 2s. ; A. Macfarlan, £2 ; R. A, Fitch, £1 ; Connell, Watson,' and Hogarth £3 3s.; James Port and Co., £1; W. B Jones, £1 Is. ; Dalgety, Blackwood, and Co. £2 2s. ; Banks Brothors, Boll, and Co., £1 Is. ; Vaughan, Moule, and Seddon, £2 2s. M'Clurc, Valantine, ,and Co., £1 Is. ; Law renee and Adam, £1 Is. ; T. Tyson, £1 ; J M'Ewan, £1 Is.1; Henry Box-and Co., £ Is. ¡ E. Cohen and Co., '£1 Is. ; M'Cullocl] Sellar, and Co., £5 5s. Total, £2179s. 