S e[ingiou 3ntet[i ]ence. CHURCH OF ENGLAND. The twenty second meetingoftheLaunceston lIhurch Union was held on the 17th instant, the Mechanics' Institute, the Lord Bishop n "Free and OplGn Churches" was deli 'ered by the Rev. A. Barkway. A now organ has been, opened at St. George's Church, Hobart Town. SYNOD OF TAS MANIA. The first session of the new Synod of Tas mania was heol at Launceston during the week commencing on 10th instant, and term inating on 14th instant, both inclusive. This was the first occasion upon which a session has been held in the north, and in the opinion of the Bishup and many of the members the experiment resulted in such a success as to justify a periodical sittinst at Launceston. His Lordship's adlress on opening Synod was as follows: My Reverend Brethren and Brethren of the Lnity. Ihtvesommoned Synod to hold its Session in Launceston in the hope that exoerience will show that the great object for which Synod has been consoitnted will be better attained. That object is to unlite the Clergy and Lally of -the whole diocess for the purpose of general consuloation and legislation. The practical consequence of Synod meeting in llobat rTown has been .to de prive it of the presence of almost all the clergy, and most of its SynoJsmen belonging to the Northern Archdeaconry. Many plans hare been projected for the correction of this fundamental defect, bet, to iaiy mind, all of them would be attended with evils greater than those which they sought to re move; among such were the voting by proxy, and the assembling at some central place between Hlobrt Town and Lu,'ceeston. I am aware that there are disadvantages which we may expect from the departure from our hitherto uniform practice of meeting in Hiobart Towni, but they are capable, if not of removal, yet of great mrodification. Th'e principal obje:tion, and indeed the only onl of any importance is this, that we may be deprived of the preseoce of many I Southern Syno:lsmen and those, too, whose judg. !ments have done much to shape our counsels, and the result may he that the resolotions of one session of Synod held in the North mty be can colled by asubsequent one hell in the South. There is one unchangeable element, however, itn our constitution, and that is the President s and whenever it may' appear to him that a resolution invlolving a radical principle which affects both Archdeaconries, or any principle which may have important 'earings upon the whole Dioces, and uploln wlich there should be united sentiment andl united action, it will he the duty sl the President I ossuspeod his sanction unsti the question has been re opened at the subsequent session of Sytno. t held Is the olt rpa:rton of tle island. By this means upon him will fall the duty of preventing o all ne.lsided leglilatlou, and ofl nmending and hlnrmrnloing that which should be ono and to undivided--lllothe Dicess of'l'asslania. Lot us, in to all our dolieS, avold'the spirit of disunlon. YVe on are free rrom many inifliiaoces which attanh to on ptolitical aroaue, whero private interess oenter into of the oantrovcrsies el man,. T?ih remniubranci di thalt it Is oura in legislaoe upon matters which th involve the eternal Interests f ourselves, our Is families, and our follow loon, and thalet it Is 1 terribly inconateno to bring into our discussions os "envy and strife," lho works of the fnabt, will s surely operate upo Christian hearlt, and provcnt, It as heretofore, the display of any otller feeling llthan at that of mon consul lg in a wilode and eomnpreheo o sivr stlrit of COtIstian blrotherhood for tihe whole family of th Church. Suffer one otlher word of counselt I hatotsoer our tiand flndoth a to do let as do it ulth oall our might." Let our c words le Iew, n d our tllought matured. I e have more than oi?s ventured to reoonmmund that I no now snhoeut of, real lvnportanou be inlrodced I wltich lias not beea previously submitted to mom. r bare of Synod, fter being examined by some v competent Counpl In the absence of any staold a Ing commitler, us, in Viltori nand lsoewlere, tie t Bishop's Council of Advice has this year, to some extent, discharged thils dty of " receiving and c considerilng" roijects intenlod for our deliboration. a Th le tenOency. at rat ttome. f on litiaperfet knowledge of any subject under disoussion Is to nOprofthlo wasao of tim', sod I am sure Ithat such a system as that which ihas been now par. Ilctlarly for the first time adopted, will greatly eonnomise air slrength and time, and lead to a larger and ntore regular attendnceo. The clergy a and Inlly can spare three days for earneost energetic work, but they cannot spare heart or leisure for lahor difulsed over a whole' week, with a possble Sunday intervening. a I am shhi with pleasure to report some co siderallo inireawo in the work of Church-boilding a and Ciurcnh.extonalou since we last met in Synod In the Soltbern Archdeeconry the settlemeons along D'IEtreer.stealu'a OChbnnel nre at length ll placed under tia care of a rosident clergyman, a whole locomotion from place to place Is accom plished Ib a boat, built by subscription, and naasoed by the voluntary zeat of some young men. Towards the cost tile chil Iron of the Sunday Schools tniode a liberal contri,ution. In the Northern Archdeaconry, Abr. Mitchell's ordi- i nation not only enables him to minister to the inhabitants of llnwarra and Bishopabonrne, but to pay a missionary visit to paris of the Arch. deacoury which the Church has nas yet failed to t penetrate. The inhabitants residing on the Rivers a Loeen and Don, hitherto united with those on tlMeqlersey, 'have petitioned both myself and the r IFipaloe Comnmitteo to be formed into a separate posh under Mr. Bronie, who has been long a kdown to thom ,s on energetic Catechist; and c t liy have undertakeo to raise the smnunt of a Spond required by the resolution of Synod. e asome settlers are also engaged In the erection t a small clohurcl. It has been objected to the I stem of Church ex'ension that it is our duty conserve th finnds at our disposal for the 'nefit of existing cures. No doubt care shonid a taken to protect present claim., but I hope at the general sentimeont of Synod will bhe iu vor of the trinclple of extending the ministra. ions of the Church in proportion to the extension f the fonds which vacancies in the scheduled ores place under our control To adopt any otller principle would be equivalent to saying what no other denomina. tion that pretends to Christino zeal would say, that the larger our resources the less should bb our exertions. It seems to me that our duty Is to see tbht as our resourceC becomC n IarFp. an sthe largershall no thile feld of our operations. Tie appointment of AIr. lBrome as an ordained elergylmno, at tile earlest request of the people among whom ho lhas been so well known ns a .Lay Reader, eounables the Church of England to unite by a net work of ministrations the entire North Canst from Port Sorell to Circular Head. This desirable end being effected, as I trust it will be, I am not diaposed to advise for some time to colme any farther division of cores. Per halps it may even be possible to consolidate some already existing. The most important want, which should now be kept in view, is tllat of a missionary or itinerant clergyman in each arch. deaconry, whose workl anti journeys should be marked out by the Bishop and Archdeacon, or a ocal committee under the presidency of esob Archdeaeon. Meanwhile, it is our mission, for more reasons than one, to employ, in destitute places, the services of volunteer laymen. They may be made most valuable pioneers. Experi. once has already shown to me that a district left to IIeelf soon begins to lose every desire for ordi. Inances of religion. On the other hand the settlers of some other district who have been kept together by tile voluntary zeal of a compe. tent and educatoel layman, so far from confound ing all ideas of distinction between the layman andi ordained clergyuiau,are gradually taught to ,desire tile blessings of a more completo Church system. 'The .occsilonal visit o the clergyman tends to draw stronger lines of demarkation between thatwoloffces, as they are taught to oiserve that to him alone pertains those functions which, by the word. of God, by the practice of primitive Christianity, and, according to the common inltilets of mankind, cannot, witbont i profane presumption, be claimed by the ordinary Iayman. The recourse to such a lay agency, I am perunaded, has led on to the em ployment of a resideat clergymana at Long BUy in the South, and Torquay and the Leven in the North. To liy.ogency, properly and carefully o adminislered, we owe it that South Arm, do. prived as it was of the valuable services of Mrs Gelllbrand, continued still weekly to witness the assembling together of the entire little papolation. who love to worship God through the liturgy of Stheir ftthers. Ily the zeal of the same layman, 1lr. T. Westhrook, in connection with Mr. Patter. isol, the little church at Kaugaroo Point has been cleaned and imnproved; ando what is more, i8 filled lby a devout congregation, whllich is visited periodically Iby the incombent, nod occasionally by myself. Ili this place a Sunday school, under Stheir Superintendent, gothers together the lamhs I of Christ's fl?:k. I cannot too o hghily commend Sthe self-denying labors ot Mr. Westbrook, who, when he might well claim the privilege of oejoy Iug his Slnday rest with his family after tihe very ardoops laoors of the week, chooses rather to r spend the wholloe day in crossing and recrossing oftlen a dangerous sea for the discharge of his Clhristiso Ibaers at South Arm; As of old, so slow, I wish that I may have to record, if God shall so b.ess Isia extmople, "Ilis zeal bath pro voked very ilnny." I have ton slate that new churehes are li I course of erection at the Leven, nt'Cludloigh a near Delor ine, at Constitution 11iil, at Jernss a lent. and at O'Brien's Bridge. a\Ve have had thie eatisl'etion of lately witness. I ing tile Inying of the foutndation stone of tlhe new I clthedral, wllilh will be, in fact, a eliple parish ohblrclil, a lluch needed io the capital of the Scolony. It has been determined to erect nothing Smoro than a nave, and Ilave obtained thue soat sent et the ',Chrlstian Knowlcdgo Society' to g doaote thelr promised grant, contrary to their Sutoal practice, upon a portion only of the nudor. tsking. By th e dootrminat on, we shall be -able to confineourselrve to a task w'itlh oight to be ensily within our reach I aum glad to recipro onto the sentiment of our metropolitan, the Bitshop of Bydney, in regard to the functions or a cathe* dral in these imodett times, "The services should he of that olharactor and . frequency whllc is commnon in cathodrale at home, but I do not think It desirable to introduce services of an ornate kind nlto our pariah churches." And my own opinion entirely Eoords with his, .tat when for simple clhants and hymtns of praise there arb sahbstitled elahorato performances in which the chair only can Jlin, we do a ureat wrong to thte congregation, whom we dqprive of the opporln. oily of unitingll in this most hnport.nt elem at d? all congregational worship. I observe that the conduet of the new cathelodral at Sydney will lig committed to a lChaptor, ouperlntonded by tl[s Dean, part of whleh Is to he nominated by the Bishop and part Iby the Synod. I am disposed to recommend the adoptloit of a similar constitution when the proper time satll arrive, as tending to assooiate with it the idea that it is the propertyof the whole dieoses and not of the capital. I hope that the linerality of churchman will enable us to complete what has now actually been begun. For what we know, the future may reveal to us that tlise is the most favorable time to do a good work which had better have beoon douo some years ago. After all, it Is uat an exceptional work, and io stead of magnlfytlui ditficlitios let us not act the part of a Salblhailt, but of Noehalemih; and with one valiant effolt tinlg It to a completion, and leave ouraelves at liberly to commence new work. I must here rooerd my conviction that we are ero, remiss io tat establishtinrg a o.ter5.t chisery for the increase of Chlirch foods for the geneal Church work. We have no appliances sufilent to reach more than a mere fraction of thie professed nmembers of the Church The eon sequnnce Isn that they often make thleir contrlbu tions ti other cosmmunions, simply Leauso other eontlmanlonas apply to them. Oar nxeaeotlve, it appears to me, might with aivrantage be made more bread and popular. Paroc'tala or simlar oasoelatioas need to be formed, and the names of subscribers should be enrolled and published. W\oll.tos.ro parishes should cherish a drairo to he IndopeFtdent of the General Church Food. In Vletoria the Chourc recognises dfloereot grades of piriehees,ca?lingced according to their ability to mailntain their own clergymen, and to eustain their parish church without becoming pensioners upon the general fund. From that fund the parishes which ate most lavoraoly circumstanced receive no help; a second class, less favorably circumstanced, receive a certain amount of help; and a third class, consisting of poor inhabitants, or those very widely scattered, receive the largest share. If we are not prepared to adopt a scheme which Is admirably adapted to fulfil the Apes. tie's precept to " bear one another's borthen," [ confess a wish to see springing op amongst nor town parishes and well situated rural ones anll honorable desire to forego the liberty to claim their share. There Is one great practical evil to which I I desire to draw the attenaton;f Synod,the dalibera tlion upon which will be invited by the Secretitry. It Is one fIraght with grave results. \Ve have 1 no eufnlcient means for relioying parishes superin. tended by incumbenct whose age and nleimity render thiem incapable of meeting tie necessitits of colonial cores. Fqr the eternal iatereste of the parishioners, tno ieb than for their own com fort, and for the credit of that good name which r they may have earned in other times, some logtaliona, and relief as the rcult of oeat ltogis I. lstion, is Imperatively eoteanded. I desire also to draw attention to the neglect of tle a ucation oftlhe youna. I wish that I could perst'ade all my reverend brethren to imitate the example of some of them, ijn devoting a portion e of their energies to the religious instrustion of our children in the public schools. These pt? io schools may be the only possible schools assi ed by the Government; but they are necessarily imperfect in the most essential principle of riat elucation; their imperfection, however, inay be largely supplied by the clergyman. It falls to the daily teacher to impart secular instracttao, and to Inculcate lessons of moral conduct untt a ie:igious instroction, the knowledge of the way of salvatioo, and of those truths which must under lie all moral educatton, must come from the r ministers of God's sanctuary. A faithful clergy man will not neglect the school any more than he will the church. The Sunday School, the primi tive practice of public catechlsing in Church at least once a month, anti an habitual attendance at the daily school, allowed to every minister of Sreligion byj the wise regulations of the Board of EIducation, will form part ofthe bounden duty of every trui and conscientious servant of Christ. Older children who are, or who fancy that they n are, too old for Sunday Scllool attendance, should It be formed if possible into a separate class, held, if possible, in a different room, and known as the n ib!o or Confirmation Class, or, as it is called in n one parish, "The Bishop's Class." The rite of confirmation ought to be administered with if greater frequency than has been the woont, and I take b le opportunity of expressing my readiness to pay annual visits to any' parish In the diocess, ihowever sntall, where the clergyman has a few y say ten- candidates tot'resoent. Annual admilis t_ trations at St. David's have witnessed larger y numbers of catechomen1thty wore present at the i previous triennial confirmations; and the advan tage to the general community arising from a careftl and systematio course of rolfgioes instruco r tion among the young, qs they are about to enter to upon the iantlcs and ta ptations of lifo,ecannot h be properly estimated. at It will be remembered that Synod, at the last a, meeting, requested nlmato take measures for the r. redluelion of tho fees ::tr marriage by license. I ,n have ascertained that the only sca'l which, Jo the id oplnon of the clergy woulnd meet the eovil corm r plained of, is one to which the Registrar of the y Diocese reooses to give his consent. A relgstrar r at homne, by virtue of his letters patent, has the as power of resisting any attempt to interfere with id his emoluments, anti i is a qiestion which I feel o, unItatlo to answer how far thl like protection ex r. tends to tlhe colonles. If the funds at the disposal y of the Synod permitted it, the difficully would be to :ot rid of by offering compensation. Assuming ig thib to be beyond oar power, the Synod will have Is t n say whether we shall allow Cuurob people to so be induced by the low chargeof pther denomi tl nations to repair to their miniaterelor marriage, or a whetl er it will hold either myself or the Sfliciatnlg cleorgymn harmle's. If the Regiptrar in sthoieta appeal to a court of law. I think that oar ,It ultimlat aim should be to solemniso the offices of I. the Church without fees except such as voluntary bncevolence sony protepti My own impression E. It that the Registrar has no other than a mo?a w claim u,on Synod fonompeonastlon. I found sIt that opinion upon tile fact that the ecclesiastical to liws of Ellgion I are not nocessarily binding upon tg the colony; and tlsat, In theey a thee Ihw, the a. English Churclh is a voluntary assoclation bound toby the laws which ilsel( has made, and which i derive their force only by its own cousent. It so, r thIis Synod Iseaompetenlt to declare.that the lshop, from whlose letters palOetl IAoted to thet rlegistrar that oll el claims Ilis floil, and certainly exorbltant I'eo, ansil ne altogetholer dispro portlonalo tilte mleans of tile colony, Iis ipower to recall tlhe letters pI.oont, or to modify their terms, or to maoko oai othler arranigeluolit for the registration of tomarriages wlhihl tiho clreonnstnncea of tile cololy may require I moust he underntool to be spenkine of lhe legal claim, Irrespective of those moral clanls to which long service and very mIeral concession to the wishes of the clergy may entitlo the geutlcman who now holds lhe office. The movement at home, to which 1 liae led lost year, at length hs led to tile apl)poltiment of a Royal Commission. PuhiO opinolon, legitimately expressed, is, in theso dlys, a much more i ff.ctive weapon of repression thnu an action at law, which savors too much of persecution to sauit the temper of the age, My object, on that occusimn, was to analyse the rationale at that mnnvelment, and to point oat that ill a time of excitoment there was a danger of confounding anso exaggerated corontonial which, we hdll too much reason to fear, might be the outward expression of unscriptural doctrines, with that sober aud decent form of worsllp which happily had begun to take tie Iplace of cold ans4 spiritless routlne with which we were oeetoo familiar In BEngland. A. tnii'Illgont Churelnman will surely apprecinto thie tditfren,,ao :betw(on a relapse Into that hesrtlesoeC Ls which had cootrlbatled its fuloll shard to the prevalence of dissent, and that love of exbestire rittil Iv llt, n by Its very excess, reases to be a reveient ritual, and becomnes a polmpous ceromoidi. 't'110 np poiotment of a ItRoyal Conmmsliona, I' the place of any rashl exercise of auitalrity, 'ill, I ceariln'ily iope, induce tihe loaders of this nlovlCIent to abide by the conclusions at which tihe Couiminti lion willt arrive. Tnat report, probably, willi point out what practices are iniexpedient as well as illegal, Into whic'l tihe zl of some of bltht clergy and laity hlave been led. ily con victlon, no less than by education aid l?hnit, r my own pretlections are lII flvor of a quiet, a atlole, yet becoming ritual, the chainol ol aon t not the substitute for a true and spiritui it worship. The first day of the week should be t a day of rest and of religious improvaneent-" the I torcl that shllows the way." To seuro these 1 Inestlmable blessings to the mass of the popula- c tlion is not, in my opinioo, to invite them to t other meetings and other places which the Church r dose not know and cannot consrerate, I.1 order to listen to lectures, however improving in Ihem. J selves, hut to reader tier own siervices more in viting and heart-stirring-slid more thlio ill, tg open tier places of worsthip with eqult hand to the poor as well as to the rishll. I cannot for. bear here to commend tihe valuable lecture opoin free sittings delivered by h r. Ozounei at tile annual meeting of the Chiirch Union, held in this town, when I had the advantage of presiding. One of the advantages of the Lams eth Conference may be to secure to as a less restrictive system, and one more suited to our colonial wants. Like the iris of the eye, the' rules of the Church must have some elasticity, contracting or expandin" nccording to the prevailing taste and circorustances of the ago. And onqaestionhbly titlis desire for a warmer and, I might say, more stimulating character of religious service had largely manifested itself, even among those who had deserted the com. tunion of the Church of E?ugland. Our Chlrch must not forget that her strength consists in her comprehensiveness, and that not so much ill the spirit of compromise, as of a .larg and liberal sympathly witll ,td reveorence for the ,tua excorcse of private judgma"nte-- ltimpeIchsiVenelss both in dogma and ritual. No good will he separate from evil; and so, if an expensive sys tem of Church government he adopted, it willtt of necessity follow that there will ever te men who, if they use their liberty of private jaulment at all, will tie verging perhaps dangerously close to Geneva. or dangerously close to oltoe. Thits diversity in unity, within certain limits, is not her shame hilbut Ihr boast. Yet limits there n1st' lie, and the q estion arises who shal lay tL mn dawn ? The voice of the Church its:if, and tot of the ildi. .vidoal bishops, much less of indivlin ti parishioners, most dfineoo these limits ; and those to whom authority is given most enforce the observance of them. This principle of Churcn discioline was laid down from the very beginnimg ""Obey those who have the rule over you. BIow.!mportant, then, that we should pray that a' sound and faithftu mind should he vouc`ha(ed to those on whom so grave a responsibility rests, that they may preserva for as and those who come after us our ancient landmarks. For if rules sud dogmas, which are essential to the very existence of a Church, be contracted overmuch, as some would wish, the Chorcht would degete. rate into one of many sects, each of which nmay represents troth-but a one- sided and exclusive view of truth. On the otilier hand, it these rules and dogmas are so relaxed as to admit of any interpretation that individual libertly chroses to put upon them, and if tle limits ofl the Church are madeso wide as to admit men of all creeds-from the most debasing superstition even to the denial of the Lord that boulcht them--tihe very essence and meaning of a Church would .Le mado to evaporate. Perhaps the tieo mtsy be approaching when itwill be admitted that lf the English Church woual vindicate this her claimn to comprehensiveness, she most aim at union of worship and communion more'than even unity of confeassion of doctrine, content with essentials already defined by the early councilsa ind the primitive Church. Sloce we last met in Syno:l, you are aware that an important conference has tmet at Lambeth, upon the invitattoo of the Archbishop of Canter. bury. The idea originated in the minds of Colonlal Bishops then in London, who were dismayed rty "the conflicting decisions pronoonced by ecelelasl tical lawyers upon the very credentials of the colonial churches, and their general relation to the Churchb at home. Immediately the American Bishops pleaded for admisslon to the general colt. ference, on behalf of their own Church. Then the Provincial Synod of Canada i r.ed their own still str.ouer ruche, and was backed up by the Lower House of Counncation, in a request toads to the Archbishop, that his Grace should ossemale, a council or conference of the blahops of the whole Angliean Communion. The Archblshop ro* sponded boldly to the call, with the chlrisi.un hope that, though no such council was conipetenl to declare definitions on loints of doctrine, yet that the unity of the Anglican Church woull be .practically promoted by the closer bonds of "peace and brotherly love," and "the united worship and common counsels" of an asselt.tly which, for noumbther and influence, haIs io pirece dent since the Reformation, Of the 75 bishon' who attended the Conference, 18 belongedl : the Blome Diocess, i19 to those of theo United Stala. and 23 to those of the eldonies. Some persons Sho do not bear sufficiently il mind the tents. tive and Informal character of the Conference, may regard the results as disproportinnate to its magnltode and imposing charact r in aiy snucb Sdisappointment Ido not ehar,. I thlik the mnor.l "effeola must be considerable; andl it is fmposaitle to calculete the future practical cons quecce that ttay flow from what I regard as merely a p'e.* limlnery convention. The very presence of so tanlly representattiveo of the Anglo - Stxoon Church is an cvidence before the eyes of the I world of doetermlniation to abide by It the faith," deduced frolt Iloly Scripture, witnessed by tile eorly Chllurchl, and sot forth in our liturgy and formularies. That aesehlbly is an evidence, I truer, that the ril ludita willl he mailtained by her worhlwide comuntnullb , Slhe will hold the ( faith once delivered to her koeping, neither added t to by any assumed trerogitlve of Church aotitarily nor enhltrated from by any presumptuous exercise of private Judgment She will impose no articles of faith except whst can be proved by the " sure wsrrant of Holy Writ," bat Holy Writ construedl once for orer by the crerds and cnonetls of the primitive Church, not susject to tie fluctuations I of private Interprelnation -tiat prolific source of endless subdivisions. She will add no now article of fatll, but holding fast those which have been defined iu her primitive liturgy and scriptural formularles ; anltuig not to limit beyond what Ihas been already limited by them, but to eomprehend I all the varieties and shudes of individeud oliol I which do not defy their manifest scope attd menu. I late. It tmay be welt tar tlte Synod to nominate c a commlittee, in order to be prepared for the dilcuesion of any enhJect which msy he re'erred I to it by the Lambeth Conlbreon . I am advised that the judgmentol tihe olonl bishops will be r asked upon a report on the tftt mode for re a moving tie injulry and scandal itleged to have a arison from the present oonditl n of the Churcllh in Natlt. I need not tell yoe how rave and t delicate such a question Is, rich practically f amountts to this--whether the lihop of Natal I has exceeded 11th limits of F i vte jtudiment. a When we remember that thougI the very canon a of Iloly Scripture rests upon he authority of it the primitive lChurch, yet th authrity lineas o never attempted to lefine the ejract tituro and tI ttelniig of itltplration, the telection of all t authority fromn without, and the forgetfulnete of p that Apostolic caution, that" no Scripture is of t private interpretation," is an evil syosptoim of the r times in which we live. I confess that my own a flers for the future point more to thole incipient I heresies which treo leading the ago to the denal1 a of our blessed Lord's divinity, rather than to t the return of sup:ratition. Superstition is the C olt'pltio of darkness: Sociolfatisin of the buold h and aaplltcal speculation of unsatisfied Intellec t I recogoise, at leess, In this conference tile. v utterance of a strong desire, felt by a vrst con- r rlunioul, to be placed tnlder' a mort perfect t organisation-s desire of liberty in unity. The t torch of history will help to invest tile S.e of i Cuaterbury with the status of a Patriu'ch, but t not of a Vicar of Christ. 1Dr thlat light such a conference may lear how t to meet the want of the a;e, to t control the lihberty of living thought by a sub- I mission to constituted law, to recognise in au. c thority Iromt without which, divine in itsorigin, e moat not cramp the life or restrict the humnan min I in open questions, or the effect may a) that c the domtl s of theology shall come into l outlict with the truths of science, nad there mry then a arise amongst thoughtful men an udversal I stillness-hut it will be the stillness of a sup. preessed unbelief. I wil briefly refer I to tw important partitulars made prominent by the resolutions of that lupor taut Conference. The oneis practlical, the Ether theoretical. First, it is haelt that while the dose union with the lMother Churabs demands tlle ui,,tn..'.ne. t'.ilhlon, alteration, of the standled of faith and doctrine which, we have treutly received t neverth'ess eachl Provice, I .do not satvy each Diocesr, bitt eaulf Province, should have tihe right to make adaptations of nod additions to the services of the Chlurch. as its pecuiar circum stances may require. Sue', changes. however, are very properly made liable to revision " by any Synod of the Anglican Communion in which tile said Province shall be represented." The other particular rclefers to the growliIr desire for tile more visible union of Chtriteodom. Grca' an I well-nifh hopeless as thedillicultiesnow appear for any true, substantial re- union, they are not irceater than those difficulties which tile infidelity a ad tile wickedness of man oppose to tile very e progress of Christianity, and yet we are taugh: I to pray, " Thy kingdom come." Similarly we Scannot altuether blame the enthusiasm of those who yearn for the fu6filment of our Lord's othler prayer, "That all itay be nl thallt the warld a may believe that Thau hast sent me." Yet the i, prospect may appear very smal . Before this a consummation, after which every true heart must e yeran in tile abstract, there are two preliminary ohstacles which must be first removetd, if the IReformed Chureb of England shall take Ier ti- a d Iupon her impregnstle and never-to te. Surentered position, namely, Iloly IVrit, inter. preeled byI the l'rimitiee Church--that Primitive SChtreh by whlose authority the very canonicity of Ioly Writ was determined, anlid by wholse fidelity a precious heritage has been handed down to us. rllose two preliminauury stumbling.blocks which no sophistry or explanation can remove, are--" The universlt sovereiguty asserted C for the See of Rome." and "the prsolical ex.lnta s tion of the blesecd Virgin Mary os mediator, in the place of her Divine Son, and the addressing of prayers to her as fntercessor between God and matn." God forbid that tii. coveted blessing of f a Intimate tanl visible union shiould ne purchased by the Reformed and Primitive Church of Eno. Slnd at the price of those or any other supersti. stions, which the Reformation aswept awany as unknown to the early C Church, by whose standard the principles of that Ileformatiuo were guided. It is the glorious mission of olr ownl Eglisglh Church to guarl the entire fontdallon of Christ's Irutlb, surrendering Io stone here nndI no stone there to modrn horesey or unre iLf on the one hand ; aRn on tile other to I protect it fron tle re- intrusai of those supets!i. tines by which, onie after another, thit truth of aGod ians been in complratively recent dtys die. torled or overlaid. S Upon one sunbj~ct it is desarahle that the judg ment ol Synod should be deefhcld at once. I r refer to thie Bill which the Secretary of State a will bring before the ] glishl P.utliament after a I Ealter, upon the plincipesrof which it is i:npor t? t that tile opttlatns of tile cilontalt churchies Sshould I comtuonicated to hi Graceo the Se:ro ltury ol State, r to tile Artellishop of Cantor. Ibury. The fundamelntal ptineiple is now we!l Sundllerstood, that no coercive power can exist in outy counttry except with the c,)enout of the legls Ina'ro of that c matry. It fllows from this prin :ciplo tlat no new See calnl e created at bnhose, i. vested as the EInghst Sees are with c'eredve jurisdiction, without an Act of P.,rlllri.let thIat Ithe Crown, in cunceeditu a e,nstittion to atny s colony, has abandoned Its sapremln?y over all causes eccelesiastical in ithal country; 'tud ih it Ua, r sccle-.lsticnl tei'taual with co.rcise jurisdinli t 'an exist iI any colony upon the saulhoriy o h Qeon's IuerttersPlatet nait writhout :he cint...= Ioa t'Ce Colo',i t Patrliamentt . I toinwti Iram tihe app'icaltiun of thiis prinoeiple, that the coercvet I aithorlt)y, claimed by the Nletropollit a of tIhe SAfrican hnrthers overlthe litlop itf Natil, can not be sustained in tow. The lea'lty, indeed, ol our own coerolve jurisdiction In Tasmalis to soctred to our branoh of the Anglloan Church by our Constitution Act. But although we are prore' touted againtt this partlcular evil which t Ihas vexed the African Church, Ihoro nro other evils arlsing flom tilh now relation in wh to we stand to the Molter Churoh, some of whloh might besot us i, anvy veoanoy ol the See, I and some beset us now, whloh it is the t object of the Duke of lBuckingham's Bill to cor* I reoot. That B1ill proposes first to give a legal status at home, with all the rlhth to disobarge clerical duties, and to hold preferment to such clergy as have been duly ordainued in any of the coloules; secondly, that hill proposes that since the right of self governnent In exerolsed by the colonial Churoch, so the privilogo of oleeling Its own bishop should be conoceded to the province to whiolh It belongs, anil Ise consecration sbould oceur at the hatnds of three bishops of each province, according to the esnons of the Ulniverel OChurch. For it seems necessarily to to low that IIf the Crown can of itself claim no coorolve nuthority, o?r territorinal jrisdlction over such colonies, so nellher should It, or ran I legally, claim the appointment of the blhtesr. I the royal suopremacy, in matters eeleisi,tical, hi ceased, the privileges inherent in asnoelnpremna coase withl it. My own consecratton was, I5 e. (love, the very pst Ifnstance of consecration Iaani r from a ,m.doto of the Crown i and this brit l me t '" the practical qoretion whtch I no w a.sm tted to Us: what scheme shall o adopted for the oleo lon and consecration f future Bishops in the Dionesa P The Bill prt tosed by the e Dc ke of Buckinhlam sooks to tran for tlla right of uo;mination from the Crown in o tihe hands of Synod, adopting the priucipl whl Ich ava guided tie Chouroh from the earle ages. From the Canons of Primitive C.necills learn that thle Bishop was elected by the cle y of eacll Dio:es, and the election was approved iy the laity before he was presented for consecrat n to thle Metropolitan and his other Bishops of t province. Many amongst ts may perhaps prel the plan whiceh teas hitherto prevailed for I reasons They may desire that tihe chief psnt r should be selected from a larger number of Prr a hyters tllan can be found in a limited Dioce ts and they may desire the continunceo orthat coon c lion which has hitherto bound the colotr i Church with the mo:her Ohu:ch at htme. It mi t, however, be borne in mind that thie lhll in qu a tion does not limit the choice to any one Dine so, whether at home or abroad, nor does it hinder he right of petltioning the Qu co for a lice tee to the Archbishllop of Canteroury to concseer ae the Bishop nominated by tihe Diocess, especi ly if such nominee should be selected from Pres oy ters at home. If the experience of the Amori :an Dioeess be taken as a guide, tihe nomination of the Bishop must depend upon the consent oft vo thirds of the clergy, ant two thirds of the con :ro gations : or, as it woald be amongst as, two-t irds of the Lay Syuodsmon are required to signify heir approbation. Without, however, conromi int ourselves to any details whatever, the neca city of holdtng another Synod may the obviate by our affirming, if it is tIought expedient, tihe o simple and general principles of the bill w cl have been affilrmed by the diocess of Adolaid - 1\. That it is desirable that the Synod of he diocoss should nominate its future bishops. 2. That they should receive conteeration at t e hands of the Metropolitan and of his com'pr vincialt bishops, or of tite Archbishop of Caante bury, under liceocoe from tie Crown, if epetition shall be presented to the Secretary o olt to for that porpose. I ,rtret that my address nat extende elt "vond thile Imis Wtth lh I h ad prm toy' sell., I have only to add that I trous t lat the delibor.tonos of this onewly.elected Sy od may vie with the last in the spirit of to icrance, brotherly respect Ir difference of opino , fee. dom from party narrowness, and a stead deter. umination to be guided by the one motiv of pro muoting the bonor of Christ's Church, and be ex. tension of Iles kingdom. And if our lay-b rethren of the Church are willing to devote the ir tite and talents, and sacrificeoo their ease, in order t to relieve us of the burden of ecular Sd.ltiee, we, my reverent brethro , are bound so mouch tile more to devote ourse e to the Word of Gad and the opiritual inter s of a the people committed to our keeping. Go cive n usgrace to be more in e troest; intanot in so, r out of season; careful to give no elf nrce. tltt I the ministry be not blasmd ; mixing in the aecu. pationa and relaxations of life. no further than our example and presence shall serve to sanctify t them.Avoid all scenes of worldlyamusement, ooles. , your presence distinctly shall control or sanctify a them, as otherwise you endorse, by your high r authority ansd the atlthorily of your Master, and are partakers of the evil. I know tlhat our religion is cne rather of principle, and not tiie Judaism a oe of rules; and what cannot be indulged ia by one without spiritual harm may be so by another. Sttll, there are scenes There the "pride of life,' not to say the ' liust of tihe eyes," predominates; a where night Is torned into day-seones of recrea. Stion in whlch tno lay Christian can well take part without some spiritual loss; and the spiritual guide must hesitate to the anywhere where he Scaneot but encourage what he cannot correct. FI inally, let us set our face eteadhstly I against popular error; "constantly speak tithe f truth, boldly rehoke vice, and suffer patirnt'y I for the truth's sake," wllatever may be theco n. sequence of tite faithful testimony we near for our dear Lord. As it is no common trust t committed to our keeping so no common rpenalty awatts our unfaithtulness. We knowu t not how soon tihe Son of Mlan may come, a but we do Itnow that the time is very asbort which falls to each of us for "the; hastening of His Kingdom, and accomplishing the number of Ilis elect." May we have grace to bq found faithful, and to give up. oar account ?'twtlout shame at ths eoning. Let us avoid the entlnglo ment of earthly cares, and give ourselves wholly to the glorious work of bringlol men to Christ- to whichl at ourtordination we declared ourselves to le called by the Hloly Ghost. ly reverend [ brethren, let us show in our daily work and con. verestion, by our ministrations amoug the living and dying, that we indeed believe still what we then so solemnly affirlmd bhfore God and nman. SRaepor/.--The reports of the Southern and Northern Flinance Committees oere I agreed to with some slight amendments Northern Adtclhdeaonrty.-Rev. H., P. Kane proposed "That Synod be moved to confide the udtninistrntion and control of? tho. financil afltir't of this A'chdeaconry to a Comnmittee, to consaist of the Bishop, the Archdeacon, Clergy and Lay Synodsmon of this Archdeaconry, voting as ,in Synod." An itanendment by I1ev. 1M B. Brownrigg.os ftllnws was eotried :-"Thlnt the flnadcial ,,fflirs be ontrustei to a committee conestaing of the Bihhop and tie Archdeaebon, ceirgy, nrd Iy Syunodsmon of the awhold Northern Archdenoconry, eaojeob' to all regalationi of the Syno.l." . Jnoumbencies.-A motion byl Rev, A. Davenport to the oeieot that prior to tho tap f. pointmoont of an Inoumbeut the Finance ti1 Committee should be entisfiod that the conu- a tirlbutlous of the parishioners would bo forth. 2 coming, was lost. di Aged Olergymen.-A motion by Rev. A. oa Davenport providing for worn out clergymen or retiring on a pension, and the amount if b uqdoer £200 to be made up to that sum by or Synod, was agroed to. Absent Olergymen.-On the motion of the A Rev. A. Davenport the following was agreed a to :-A blergymen shall not receive his ofloial a income during his absence from the diooess C unless such absence be authorised by tho J Bishiop in writing, and the extent of qny t< leave of absenoe so authorised shall be notified a to the Sonretary nt the Synod. Publication ofNootices.-It was resolved ti that:-" Noticoe now required by resolutions I of the Synod to be published in the Hobart 6 Toron Gazelle, may be inserted instead thereof ,I in the Church Notes, or any other newspaper a5 approved by the Bishop for the purpose." 1 Marriage Fees.-The following motion by it Rev. F. Hales was carried .-" For a seleoot committee consisting of Archdeacon lteiboy, e Rev. H. O. Irwin, Church Advocate, Mears. a Green, Taveloin, and the mover to report to t! this Synod in this session, on thie subject of the fees now payable for marriages n and marriage licenses." Society for promoting Ohr'sltian lnore- a leJge.-A commiteeoo was appointed to make t such arrangements as they think fit concern- t ing the books and other things belongingi to the Hobart Town branch of the Society which has discontinued its operations. Lake River, 'c.-On the motion of the t Rev. J. Norman it was resolved "That the districts of tie Lake River and Isis be erected into n separate cure, and that Cressy and Saundrilgo be constituted a curacy attached to Longford, provided the o'nims upon the General Church Fund nroenot increased." Maecquarie Plains.-A. petition having r been received relative to stipends in errear, a select committee was appointed to make en quiries. Northern Finance Commlittee.-On the motion of Mr. It. Green it was agreed-" Tiat after payment of such sume as may from time to timo be ordered by the Synod, the Secro tary of Synod shall pay to the Finance Com mitteoe of the Archdeaconry of Launceston a moiety of the balance remaining from the amount received under the State Aid Distri-. bution Act." Ritualism.- - motion by Dr. Valentine was negatived relatrve to it being proper for the officiating minister, after ordering the elements, to return to the "north side" of the tablo, and there to consecrate. Ceommeitteev.-The Southern Finanen Com mittee, Board of Patronage, Court Triers, and Council of Advice were appointed. Northern Finance Coomittee.-Reaolved "That authority be granted to the Northern Finance Committee to nominate a sub-com. Wuittee to carry on the general business of the Church Fund, to meet monthly as hereto fore." ' Provincial Synod.-A committee was1 ap pointed to consider the question of a Pro vincial Synod for the province of A'us ralia. The Olose.-A vote of thanks havi g been passed to the Bishop, the Synod close . 