THE WEEK'S NEWS. St. Patrick's Temperance Association.—The usual quarterly soiree of this Association and the Guild of St. John the Baptist was held in the Catholic Hall on Wednesday evening. There was a moderate atteudance, the Rev. J. 15. T. Woods presiding. The entertainment was a very agreeable one, consisting of vocal music by several young ladies; selections by the brass band, which has attained to considerable proficiency under the management of Mr. Lilly white; recitations, and the performances of the amateur bellringeis, whose ' tintinnabulistic skill did them great credit. Miss Morris presided at the pianoforte during the evening with her accustomed ability. The Victoria Regia.—The specimen at the Botanic Garden is progressing most hopefully, as the subjoined memorandum will show:—"Un the 20th we discovered the first flower bud, I aud to-day (2Sth) about 5 o'clock p.m. the flower began to open. A few hours before it expanded I the bud was seen to move itself as far as possible in one direction, then back again in a semicircle, and finally raised itself out of the water to rest and expand upon the young leaf, with which it was pro duced. The flower is very fragrant, the perfume being that of a pineapple. At the present time it is 13 or 14 inches in diameter, the largest leaf being fivefeet two inches."' Mobe Raen at Blinman. — The following memo, was received from Melrose on Tuesday, and forwarded to us by Mr. Todd:—"Mail-guard reports nine (9) hours' splendid rainfall at Blinman aud neighbourhood on Sunday, 27ch. He thinks the rain was pretty general north of that place." The Bribe and its Destination.—With refe rence to the sum of £5 sent some time ago to a gentleman in the employ of the Central Road Board, and supposed to have been intended as a bribe, we are now informed that it has been pre seated, through the Secretary of the Board, to the Committee of the Orphan Home. The Civil Sittings.—The insurance case of Eider and Others v. the Adelaide Marine and Fire Insurance Company was continued ou Friday, when Mr. Stow, Q.C., ou behalf of the defendants, applied for a nonsuit in an able and exhaustive address. Mr. Way followed, and Messrs. Fenp, Ingleby, and Boucaut replied on behalf of the plaintiffs. His Honor, having very clearly reviewed | the facts and the authorities bearing on them, ordered a nonsuit on tbe ground that the plaintiffs, as owners of the vessel, had not given due notice of abandonment on receiving iuformaiiou of the disaster. Another case against the Universal I Marine Insurance Company in respect of freight, ; which was set down in the cause list, was settled out of Court. Muirhead Flat Drainage Work.—On Sep tember 24 our correspondent writes:—"At these works about 120 men are now employed, but in consequence of the wet season the excavating of the drain proceeds very slowly. Dams have been | made in various parts of the flit to. divert the j water from the course in which the work is being [ ' carried on, so as to enable the men to work dry, I but the land is of a very spongy nature, and the percolation so great that much difficulty is expe rienced. The drain, so far as completed, has had the desired effect of carrying off the water, and no doubt, after a few days' flue weather the flats will be sufficiently dry to afford employment to several hundred men. Sly grog-shops and wiue shanties have of iaie been a complete nuisance at tbe main camp, but with the diligent interference of the P.dice and Crown Lands Ranger they have been compelled to remove. Ou tbe 2ist instant the dwelling-house of Wm. McCarthy, a labourer, was wilfully set on fire. It appears that he was not a favourite amongst his fellow-workmen. He had left his house a few days previously with his wife and family. When the fire broke out, several persons were soon on the spot, but nothing could be rescued from the flames, and everything the poor man possessed is destroyed. A subscription is being made to assist the family in- their dis tressed circumstances. There are slight symptoms oLtlie gold fever raging here, but the reports by the late papers not being of a very glittering nature, appears to have acted both as a cure and a preven tive." Seaweed at Glenelg.—The farmers in the | neighbourhood of Gleneig seem at last to be con vinced of the value of seaweed as a manure. During the last few weeks large quantities of it have been carted away, and scarcely a day passes without huge loads- of it being removed. It ap pears that when it was tried some time ago. it was found of great use in destroying the slugs as well as fertilizing the ground, ana the saline matter with which it is completelysaturated is said to be an effectual remedy against red rust. ! A Narrow Escape.—A few days ago two lads ! of the name of Bills, sons of Mr. John BiilB, builder, went (says our Strathalbyn correspondent) to one of the many pretty bends in our river for the purpose of getting: a load of sand, when the horse and cait by some means got back into the water, where it was so- deep that the cart was covered, and the horse, all except its head; both lads, however, held the reins and kept their posi tion iu the body of the eart, when Mr. Jackling,. sen., jumped in and brought them both safely to the margin. He again went in, and, with assis tance, undid the traces under water, freed the horse, and got him nut alive. Fortunately the torrent which had been flowing from the late rains had been abating for some twelve hours. Had the accident happened on the previous day, nothing could, seemingly, have saved either the lives of the lads or the horse. The Darling.—Our Wilaannia letter of Sept. 21 aays:—"We had a few hours' rain yesterday. There is no prospect of a rise in the Darling, and £ am afraid the wool will have to remain on the stations for many months unless taken away by drays. A fine mob of fat cattle from the Momba Station, consigned to Dean- & Laughton, passed down yesterday." Our Meniadie correspondent's communication of September 20 contains the following among other items:—"A mob of 250 fat cattle from the Meningie Station, in charge of AS*. Drover Moore, for the Adelaide market, has started. This lot of cattle is considered by com petent judges the primest and fattest ever sent from the station or from the Darling district, which speaks well for cattle management. The \ river, which had risen three feet last week, is falling as rapidly as it had risen. The warm weather has fairly set in. A great many teams have started for Wentworth- All the old convey ances in the district are getting repaired, and draught horses are rising in the market. Carrying firms are starting into existence, with the hope of having a prosperous trade.for 12 months in prospect. There seems to be a little activity amongst us at last." Sudden Death near thbBurba.—Asbepherdi aamed John WardmanH expired suddenly at the World's End Bun on Monday last. Mr. Warland, the manager, had observed that deceased had been, unwell about a month. On. Monday he appeared much worse, and Mr. Warland sent him from his ■Sock to the head-station. Much against deceased's wish Mr. Warland started- to the Burra—distant sixteen miles—for medical assistance. He there engaged Dr. Dashwood's services, but before thai gentlemen reached the station Wardmann had expired. An inquest was held at the Mineas' Arms, Kooringa, next day before Mr. MacDermott, S.M., when a verdict of died from natural causes was returned. The doctor's evidence was to. the effect that disease of the heart was the immediate cause of death, accelerated by exposure to cold and living in a penurious manner. It was stated at the inquest that deceased had saved a considerable sum of money, and was about returning to Switzerland, his native country, to spend the remainder of his life. Meeting at Monarto, District of Nairne.— A public meeting was held at the house of Mr. F. Sommer, Monarto, on Thursday, September 24; Mr. W. J. Venning in the chair. The Chairman stated that this meeting was to take into consider- ation the best means of obtaining a supply of water for the inhabitants and their stock through- out the summer months. The following resolu- tions were then passed:— Mr. Geo. Venning, jun., proposed, and Mr. F. Sommer seconded — "That the well be cleaned, or that a new one be sunk, at the Reserve, Preamimma." Mr. Collins proposed, and Mr. Wundersitz seconded — "That a tank be made near to the native well Preamimma, and the spring be made to continually flow into it for domestic use." Mr. F. Sommer proposed, and Mr. Faehermann seconded — "That a trial for water be made on the Reserve near Section No. 222, by sinking." Mr. John Venning proposed, and Mr. Wilmer seconded — "That the Nairne District Council be memorialized accordingly by all the ratepayers in the Monarto Settlement." Messrs. Venning, Coupar, Elder, Sommer, and Wundersitz were appointed to wait upon the Council. Votes of thanks to the Chairman and Mr. F. Sommer closed the meeting. Lands Titles Office.—The following is a com parative statement of transactions in the Lauds Titles Office ;duriBg the months of September, 1S67 and 1868:— Applications Transfers Alortgages Transfers of mortgages Discharges Powers of attorney Caveats.. Encumbrances Transfers of leases Surrenders of leases ... Declarations of trust Licences... Transmissions Withdrawals of caveats Writs Certificates of death Certificates of marriage Totals ... 480 470 Fees of office ... ... ... £469 2^. £485 2s. Value of land brought under Act £27,S. 8 £44,950 1867. 1868. 00 60 134 142 136 131 36 20 17 14 53 69 1 3 3 5 2 1 4 3 5 4 4 — 3 2 2 10 2 3 2 2 4 — 1 1 NabROW Fboape fhom Drowning.—A mail engaged in fishing for Murray cod had a very narrow escape from a watery grave while hauling in his lines on Tuesday last near to . the entrance of Lake Albert from Lake Alexandrina. He was in an iron boat about 14 feet long called the Mirage, which, having a flat bottom, capsized in a short swell and sunk, leaving him to Btrike out for his cutter, which he reached after being nearly overcome by exhaustion. The boat was originally built for the late Surveyor-General to explore the » Northern lakes alleged to have been discovered by bis deputy. Caution to Teamsters.—A few days since an accident occurred about four miles fromTuugkillo, on the road to Mannum, which might have been attended with fatal consequences, through the carelessness of a teamster carting copper ore from the Beedy Creek Mine leaving portion of his load on the road. It appears a cart belonging to a tradesmen at Mount Pleasant was proceeding down the bill towards the Murray, and when passing the ore-bags the horse started, and pro ceeding over the sideling came to grief; fortu nately, however, without fatal results to either horse or driver. The Thistle Nuisance—Although year after year this pest has received the attention of onr Legislature, it is rapidly on the increase in very many portions of the colony, and, strange as it may appear, yet it is a fact that very many of the District Councils are overlooking this, and large patches are allowed either to be cut after seeding, or are otherwise not noticed. The attention of the Surveyor-General has, we understand, recently been directed to this, so that the Government must or ought to be fully alive to the necessity for carrying out the provisions of the Thistle Act. The Beedy Cbeee Mine—Quantities of copper ore are now finding their way from this hitherto fotsaken mine, and being carted to the Blumbetg Smelting Works recently erected. It Is hoped by all wishers for the advancement of the colony that those interested in this project may be successful. The smelting operations have been conducted, on grounds of economy, at Biumberg instead of Beedy Creek, owing to the scarcity of wood at the latter place. The old survey has been let by the Company to a large body of our German cousins, and a township is chained out, so that the country almost close up to Mannum will be, and in fact is now, under the operations of the plough. Pbince Alfbed Sailors' Home.—The fort nightly meeting of the Executive Committee was held on Friday, October 2. The Secretary stated that the Port Corporation, on receipt of an applica tion from the Committee to invite tenders for filling up St. Vincent-street, had resolved, in the first instance, to ask the Government whether the ' sums contributed towards the work would'be sup plemented by Government. No reply had been received by the Town Clerk. The Treasurer re ported receipt of £?, as proceeds of an entertain ment given in North Adelaide by the Juvenile Amateur Christy Minstrels. It was mtntioutd that Captain Wagstaff s suggestion for a bazaar, to be Held on board the Commissary, in aid of the funds, had net been adopted, as several - ladies to whom the matter had been referred were of opinion that the limited stay of the ship in port would not afford the time- requisite for preparation. Captain Wagstaff had, however, handed the Committee £10 10s. as his subscription to the Sailors' Home. A letter was read from the Hon. 1'. Eider, announcing that Mr. A. L. Elder, of London, had authorized him to contribute £100 in aid of the movement. The amended trust-deed was passed as recommended by the Subcom mittee, and it was resolved that the institution be brought under the. provisions of the Associations Incorporation Act. A message was received from Mr. G. F- An gas, expressive of his warm interest in the matter, and hoping that the erection of the building would be proceeded with in a short time. The Secretary reported that Mr. B. G. 'Thomas hoped to have the plans and specifications ready within a week. Morphett Vale Branch Bible Socket.— Our correspondent writes:—"The thirteenth annual meeting of this Branch of the British and Foreign Bible Society was held in John Knox'g Church on Monday evening, September 28; Ms. James Clark, J.P., is the chair, there being about 100 present. The meeting having been opened with praise and prayer, the Chairman expressed regret that circumstances had occurred through which the late President (Bev. J. Daniel) had sent in his resignation. The Secretary, Mr. Samuel McGregor, read the report. After reviewing the efforts of the Parent Society, it said—'In referring to our own Branch yoctr Committee feel much gratified to notice a considerable increase over the sales of last year, and notwithstanding the scarce ness of money the people seem not to neglect having the Bible in their hands. Your Committee are also gratified to see-that the difficulties which seemed to stand in the- way of carrying on the operations of the Auxiliary during the past year (ike salaries of Dr. Tucker and Mr. Phillips, and which this Committee united in opposing) are being done away with. Matters that seemed at first sight insurmountable, by friendly conference, due thought, and deliberation have been explained, and found not to contain those elements of discord which it was at first thought they contained. Onr three depots report as- follows:—Mr. Hocart, Morphett Vale, has sold' 24 Bibles; Mr. Carter, Sappy Valley, SO copies: and Mr. Fox, Claren don, has on hand 84 copies. In concluding their report your Committee would earnestly solicit the continued support of the cause, and seriously con sider its claims before saying no to the collectors.' and would ask them to imitate the spirit of the Peterborough farmer, who^after reading the report of the London Missionary Socit-ty, resolved to hit on something new, ana: said, 'I will give a sovereign for each of its missionaries,' and drew out a cheque for £123— the number employed. Shortly afterwards anothsr addition of 13 mis sionaries was made, when be forwarded £13. Mr. John Sinclair moved the adoption of the report. Mr. Alexander Anderson seconded. Carried. Mr. J. S. Sanders, of Adelaide, moved—* That this meetiDg would gratefully acknowledge the hand of God in the continued and increasing success michsafed to the Parent Society's labours, and notwithstanding the dulness of the year in finan cial matters, the large number of copies of the Sacred Word sold by this branch; and that this meeting feels itself bound to support the principles and practices of the British and Foreign Bible Society in the future.' Mr. Moore, of Adelaide,, seconded, both speakers enlarging upon the resolution. Carried. The Bev- IS. Baker moved—"That the thanks of this meeting be presented to the officers and Com mittee for the past year, and that the following be the officersland Committee for the ensuing year:— Messrs. James Clark, J.P., Chairman; B. Bain, Treasurer; S. McGregor, Secretary; Committee— The ilevs. J. Benny and, C. Hall, Messrs. T. B.. Kelly, Thomas Darby, C. M. Sprigg, John McLeod, E. Bridgeman,. A. Carmicbael, Thomas Poulson, Thomas Brown, W. Smito, and James Tank." Seconded by Mr. Huinphris. and carried! The Bev. J. Benny moved a vote of thanks to the tady collectors in suitable terms. Seconded by Mr. A. Carmichael, and:carried. A collection was then made amounting to £2 16s. Votes of thanks to the deputation and Chairman followed, and the meeting was closed with praise and the benedic tion by the Bev. Jv Benny. It may be noticed, in addition to the action taken by the Com mittee during the past year referred to in the report, that a resolution was passed that the above meeting was to be held in the new Baptist Chapel, on the ground that the meet ings having hitherto been always held in John Knox's Church, because of its being the largest building in- the district, now that the Baptist Chapel was the largest building it was de cided it should be held there. Afterwards it seems rumours of inconsistency began to prevail inas much as the pastor of that Church, the Bev. O. Badger, had resigned from the Committee, and is connected with the Bible Translation Society. It was said that it would be weakening the bands of the Adelaide Society in the affair of their late Secretary, Mr. Whiting, whom they had asked to resign in consequence of his connection with that Society, and therefore to hold their annual meet ing in that chapel would be inconsistent. Upon this the President, the Bev. J. Daniel resigned, on the ground that if it was inconsistent to hold the meeting in the Baptist Chapel it was inconsistent in him to be connected with the Society. The Committee met and rescinded the resolution, and then proposed to hold the meeting in the Union Chapel; bat this was lost, and an amendment carried that the meeting be held as before in John Knox's Church. The Committee accepted the Bev. J. Daniel's resignation, stating Ithat the in consistency was "not on the ground that it was a Baptist Chapel, but that the pastor thereof was a member of the Bible Translation Society." They also expressed their satisfaction with the Bev. J. Daniel's assistance during the whole time he had been a member of Committee; and then elected Mr. J. Clark, J.P., as President. The Botanic Gabden.—In another colunn will be found an advertisement offering a reward of £25 for the detection of the selfish thieves who have beeu lately {robbing the Botanic Garden of some of its choicest plants. This action has been forced upon the Board by the many depredations which have been committed during the la6t few weeks. They have been very reluctant to take public action in the matter, but now that they have been compelled to do so we are sure the public will give their best assistance to bring the offenders to light. The plants have evidently been taken away when the men have been at their meals, and the pilferers have evidently been persons who knew what they were doing, for they have mostly con fined themselves to rare and valuable specimens. The Boaid have also made application to the Government for the occasional use of a detective to aid in discovering the thief or thieves. It will be worth while for the public to know that the rule prohibiting persons from entering the Garden with a flower in their coat-button, or exhibited about them, will be rigidly carried out, and the new instructions will entirely meet the quibbling con struction of some rising lawyers, who have con tended that the use of the word "flowers" did not prevent them bringing in a flower. On Sunday next the Victoria Kegia House is to be open to all comers, so as to give the labouring men and their families an opportunity of seeing this splendid production of nature. 1)eath of Da. Wtt ttgret to have to record the death of Dr. John Walker, J.P., Pro tector of Aborigines, which took place suddenly at the York Hotel on Saturday morning, September 28\. He had come down to breakfast apparently in - excellent health, but about half-past 9 he was seized with vomiting and a pain in the back of his head. ~ Dr. Moore was sent for, and he at once pronounced the illness to result from an attack of apoplexy. -In about an hour's time the patient had ceased to breathe. Df. Walker has been a colonist of a good many years' standing. He carried on practice for some time at Strathalbyn, and in November, 1861, was gazetted Protector of Aborigines, a position which he filled satisfactorily till the time of his death. A few years ago he visited England, and daring his absence his duties-were performed by Mr. E. B. Scott He was of quiet, retiring habits, and his loss will be regretted by all who knew him. The remains of the lamented gentleman were con veyed by hearse to Strathalbyn on September 28, and a large number of the inhabitants went to meet the funeral procession and followed it to the graveyard—the Strathalbyn Cemetery—the Strathalbyn division of the Duke of Edinburgh s light Dragoons in foil uniform forming the rear guard. Throughout the day various flagstaff's dis played their bunting half-mast high, and. during the passing through of the monrnfnl cortege most of the shops were closed, and tbe large bell at the Presbyterian Ghurch was tolled at half-minute intervals. A most impressive address was given at the giave by the Rev. John Anderson when the last earthly remains of the departed were deposited in the tomb beside those of his late wife and child. Sudden Death.—About half-past S on Saturday morning, tbe 26th instant, a man named George Glue, a greengrocer, residing in Gouger-street, was found in a sitting posture on the footpath in Hindmarsh-square. He was supposed to be in a fit, and the police took him to tbe Hospital, where he was pronounced to be dead. A post mortem examination was made on the deceased by Dr. Carey Rees, who found that death had re sulted from apoplexy; the Coroner <&lr.; Ingleby) therefore considered it unnecessary to hold an inquest Marine Boakd Proceedings.—A few days ago Mr. Connor, a member of the Marine Board, com plained to us of our reporter having omitted part of the proceedings of the last meeting. We requested him to procure a copy of cbe missing portion from the minutes, which he promised to do. It appears that he telegraphed for the same, and it was immediately supplied to us; but through some misapprehension, it was inserted in the Observer last week as a letter from the Secretary instead of being placed under its proper head. We are indebted to Mr. Connor alone, and not to the Secretary, for the extract in- question, the Secretary having simply supplied it at Mr. Connor's request. The Jewish Calendar.—The JewLli new year commenced-on September 17, a day expressed in their Calendar as Tisliri 1, S329. On Saturday last Tishri AO -occurred, the Day of Atonement; which .is always kept with peculiar strictness. Ac cording to custom, a 2ft hours' fast was observed, andpervice in the synagogue was kept up through cut the'whole day. Sonek Australian Elocution Societs-.—The quarterly business meeting of this Society was held at the Institute on Saturday evening. There was a ^numerous attendance. Mr. T. Macdonald was elected President fur the ensuing quarter, Mr. R. W. M. Waddy re-elected Secretary, and Messrs. C. Drops and S. Benjamin were appointed Com mitteemen. A vote of thanks was accorded to the retiring officers and properly acknowledged. The Secretary reported that the average attendance at the meetings had been 25, and that great interest had been displayed by the members in carrying out the objects of the Society—the giving of readings and recitations. The usual business was then proceeded with. Temperance Meeting at Steventon. — A meeting in connection with tbe Band of Hope at Steventon, one of the affiliated Societies of the South Australian Total Abstinence League and Band of Hope Union, was held in the Schoolroom of the Wesley an Chapel on Friday evening, the 25th. There was a large attendance of young persons and adults. Mr. - G. Dunn, the President, occu pied the -chair, and after some recitations and melodies, addresses were delivered by Mr. J. T. Headdey, of Beverley, and Messrs. G. W. Cole and G. Newman, of North Adelaide. The Society is successfully conducted, and contains over 100 members. Some additions were made to their numbers during the evening, and the meeting closed with a vote of thanks to the speakers. Temberance Meeting.—On the evening of Friday, September 25, the fourth monthly meeting of the Band of Hope in connexion with the Wes leyan Mutual Improvement Society was held in Pirie-street Lecture Hall, under the presidency of the Rev. J. G. Millard, when the attendance wa: large. Mr. Bonython read effectively an extract from one of J. B. Cough's orations, entitled " Man and his Masters." Appropriate temperance addresses were afterwards delivered by Mr. W. G Coombs, the Revs. Millard and Rigg. Recitations were interspersed. Judging by the attendance these gatherings are becoming very popular. Accident to Mr. Tothill.—On Wednesday afternoon, says the Btinyip, as Mr. Tothill. teller of the Adelaide Bank, was riding home from the rifle matches, in company with Councillor J. H. Howe, they commenced raring. Mr. Tothill was slightly in advance, when his horse got his fore feet iu a hole and fell rolling over ills rider. Councillor Howe turned his faoise sharply round to avoid riding over Mr. Tothill, when the suddenness of the action threw h m also to the ground. He escaped comparatively unhurt, hut covered with mud; but Tothill was much shaken and braised, and had his lower lip cut through. Dr. Nott was i sent for, awhfound that he was not seriously j injured, andrwe are glad to say Mr. To hi I' was sufficiently recovered to proceed to Adelaide on Friday. i The South-Eastern Mail Coach Bogged.— On Tuesday at about 20 miles from Lacepede Bay tbe mail coach from MacDonneli and Gambierton was bogged in the mud. The passengers had to walk to Lacepede Bay, canying their luggage, having abandoned the each, and the mail-bags were taken on. The country was thoroughly flooded. Mr. J. D. Sutherland, who was among the passengers, was taken ill, and this caused the postponement of tbe case of Clark v. Sutherland in the Supreme Court. The Southern Argus has some additional particulars of a previous mishap, this accident, and kindred matters. It says" On Sunday last the overland mail from Mount Gambier did not reach Strathalbyn until 6 o'clock in the evening, nearly four hours after its proper time, occasioned by an accident which recurred near Kingston, where the horses bolted with the omnibus, and came into collision with a telegraph post, whereby the vehicle was capsized, and ths pole broken. After splicing the fractured part as well as they could the journey was pro ceeded with, and the 'bus fortunately arrived at its destination wit'icut any further m<shap. On Wednesday there was a still greater delay, the mail not reaching Strathalbyn until nearly midnight. It appears that the coach had got as far as Hensley's Flat, between Narracoorte and Kingston, all right: hut in going throngh the flat, which was covered with water and very boggy, the coach stuck fa-t. The driver endea voured to rouse up the passengers to assist in extri cating the vehicle; but while lie was doing so the wheels sunk deeper into the pipeclay, and the horses in their efforts to drag the 'bus out of the bog u ifortuuately broke the pole. Thus they were unable to go anv further with the coach, and tbe passengers and the guard with the mail-bags had to push on the best way the could with the horses to Kingston, where they obtained other means of con veyance and proceeded oo their journey, arriving at Strathalbyn at about midnight on Wednesday. We are informed that the whole distance from Narra coorte to Kingston is at short intervals covered in water, which in many places is up to the axle, and the soft pipeclay on Hensley's Flat, when satura'ed with water, is so tenacious that it is with great di: culty the coach can be got along, and when it once i iff i gets bogged there is iff getting it out again without an immense amount of la1 our. We do not think that any blame can attach to Messrs. Cobb & Co., who certainly do their utmost to ensure the safe and speedy transit of mails and passengers to and from Mount Gambier; but in the face of these natural obstacles it is certainly impossible for them to prevent these frequent delays. Surely it would he (tetter if the authorities were to devote some money towards the improvement of these dis graceful roads instead of spending so much on •'white elephants." While they show their anxiety to have quick communication with Mount Gambier by binding the contractors down to a ceitain time, they pay no attention to the wretched roads wh'ch have to he travelled over. We are certainly not surprised at the delays when we hear the accounts which are given of the roads by those who are unfortunate enough to have to travel over them. Decline op Law Business at Kapunda.—We (Herald) don't know whether it is lo be attri buted to a doing away with the credit system in Kapunda, or to the fact that in the pre-ent bad times litigation is a luxury too costly to beindulgtd in, butcertainly, be the cause what it may, business in tbe limited jurisdiction of the Kapunda Local Court has declined to its minimum; as on no one of the three Court days during the present month has there been any business worth mentioning transacted. On the full jurisdiction side, however, this month the deficiency was made up, there having been several new trials, &c.;, on the cause list. Ant Poison.—Caution.—At Lyndoch ton Saturday last some ant poison, mixed with sugar, was spilt on the floor of a house. Two young children found it out, and commenced eating it. shortly after which alarming symptoms manifested themselveB. Dr. Richter was sent for, and adopted remedies, which providentially proved efficacious, but it was 24 hours before one of the children could bo pronounced out oi faaf&i.;—Bmyip, iliLiCroos Outrage.— On Saturday night a most cowardly outrage was perpetrated at the Port Bridge, and the police, with all their vigilance, have yet found no trace of the perpetrator. Miss Sand well having been dettShed till rather a late hour in the Port, set out at 10 o'clock to walk to ; the Peninsula. On peaching the bridge she became a,ware by the footfall that she was being followed by some person who seemed to suit his pace to hers. The man suddenly rushed after- her, and caught hold of her neck, saying "he would throw her into the river." She screamed, and he seized her most savagely, and absolutely lifted her to a level with the handrail, when, by a violent exer tion, she succeeded in eluding his grasp, and making a rush towards the Port she met two young men, who volunteered to hunt the aggressor, but he had vanished. Information was given at the Police Station, and there the matter rests, for although Miss Sandwell is positive she cou'd identify the ruffian, no clue has been forthcoming. The Church of England.—We have before us a neatly-printed pamphlet (Roberts, 58, King William-street), intituled " A Brief Sketch of the Bise of the Church of England; with some Obser vations on its present Condition and Influence, by the Kev, John Crawford Woods, B.A. Pub lished by request." The work is in the form of a lecture, and is divisible, as may be seen from the title, into two parts. Of them the first is a clear j and masterly piece of history, which cannot but be valuable; while the second conveys the opinions of the lecturer, who speaks of course from his own point of view, making, as he says, " some plain remarks upon things of which he disapproves," but " without," as he adds, "offending against the spirit of Christian charity." Upon those portions which refer to the doctrines and forms of the Church-of England, it is not witbin our power to express an opinion; but of the lecture generally we can only speak in terms of approbation. Trenity Church Young Men's Society.— Judged by the number of tbeir public and semi public appearances, the Trinity Church Young j Men's Mutual Improvement Society are in a very j active and healthy state. It certainly numbers - among its members many well-known amateur , elocutionists, and its enteitainments generally are very successful. Such was eminently the case with their half- yearly soiree on Monday evening, September 28. The large schoolroom adjoin ing the church, which had been neatly decorated in honour of the event, was crowded, the arrangements were unexceptionable, and the programme an exceedingly good one. It was rendered all the more attractive by the Rev. J. Gardner, who, as it happens, here made his last public appearance ia South Australia; seeing that he is to leave by the Coorong, for Melbourne, <e» route for Launceston, bis new sphere of labtrar, to which he will undoubtedly cariy the hearty good wishes of the colonists, by whom he has been so highly appreciated. Mr. S. Tomkinson presided, and in a few practical sentences introduced the business. He especially recommended young men to cultivate habits of careful thought, so as to be able to form -opinions of their own which they might cling to in after years. After two or three musical pieces, given by Mrs. Lyons and Messrs. T. VV. Lyons and A. James, and a recitation by Mr. A. McDonald—"The Sea Captain's Story" —the Chairman -called upon the lecturer. He said the presence of the Rev. Mr. Gardner was sug gestive of the regret they all participated in on account of his being anout to leave them. The first sermon he heard on arriving in South Aus tralia, in 1850 was from Mr. Gardner's lips. He had never since then ceased to regard him with esteem and affection. This feeling would follow him to his new home, and in saying this he was expressing also the sentiments of the meeting and the colonists generally. (Cheers.) He had kindly undertaken to give them a lecture on elocution, and no one was better qualified for tie task, for elocution had been his study from ltoyhood. His lessons in this branch had been of service to the youth of the colony. The Rev. Mr. Gardner, who was received with a hurricane of applause, gave in a summarized form his admirable lecture on the sub ject announced. As a piece of composition alone it would command attention, but from the vast amount of information and sound advice it conveys it well Reserves the high reputation it has attained. The rev. gentleman shines as a popular lecturer—an accomplishment which will no doubt be turned to good account in Tasmania. The rest of the programme was taken up with songs, recitations, and readings. The vocalists, besides those already named, were Miss Vaughan, Miss Bishop, and Mr. U. Lyons, and the songs were for the most part capitally sung. Mr. S. Toms gave a reading, " Death of poor Joe;" Mr. A. Mullen a recitation. "The Execution," fromIngoldsby'sLegends; and Messrs. Shakespeare, Mullen, Calf, and Potter the ghost scene front Hamlet. It .was, on the whole, a serio-comic exhibition; hut the comic pre vailed completely when the gas was turned down to give a supernatural effect to the apparition of the gentleman in dress clothes who did the ghost. The audience with ; a determined misconception of the situation, in sisted upon regarding the very telling interview between the Prince and his murdered father as laughable occurrence, and the solemnity of the parting adieux was most inopportunely broken in , upon by the erowing of an amateur cock. However, j the greatest good feeling prevailed, and the evening ! was very agreeably spent, llie Rev. J. Reid, in proposing a vote of thanKs to ihe lecturer, said the < Very Rev. the Dean would have gladly performed ! the duty bad he not been absent through illness. ! He was quite sure the departure of Mr. Gardner j would be deeply regretted, not merely by the body ! with which lie had been connected, but by all the ! religious bodieB to whom he had given material aid. (Cheers.) Without the least flattery, he could say that his loss would be felt as a public loss, and he was only echoing the sentiments of all when he expressed his heartfelt good wishes for hjs future prosperity. In his future work God speed him. (Cheers.) The vote having been agreed to with hearty acclamations, the Rev. Mr. Gardner slid:— ! Mr. Chairman, Ladies, and Gentlemen—I beg ' leave to thank you most sincerely for the very hearty way in which you have received the re marks of my friend and brother Mr. Eeid. I honestly assure you I shall carrv with me outbe morrow the liveliest recollections of the very : pleasant evening—my last in outh Australia— ! that 1 have spent with you. Wherever I may be 1 shall always cherish a recollection of the pleasant days I have spent in South Australia. The light and shade are very exquisitely blended. It lias not been all sunshine with me anv mere than it may have been with you, either in this land or any other. I do not expect to enter into any paradise upon earth; but the years 1 have spent in south Aus tralia have been years of very great pleasure. A ny dark spots that may be seen only serve to bring into greater prominence the bright and pleasing scenes by which I have been surrounded. I have sought during the years I have been here to do good in the midst of my own people, and in the midst of others. (Hear, hear.) I have ever shown, ; I trust-, a disposition to co-operate in every good word and work with men of every name and every nation. (Hear.) And, Sir. allow me in conclusion ■ to express my warmest thanks to you and to all. • and should any be visiting that lovely island I am about to go to on the morrow, I trust they will not , pass my humble dwelling, if they tan in any way : find it out. 1 shall always be glad to see there any ; son or daughter of South Australia. (Prolonged i cheering.) A vote of thanks to the vocalists and - Chairman, proposed by Mr. Toms, was duly ac- ; knowleiiged, and the proceedings terminated with the singing of the National Anthem. ; Supreme Court.—An application for the trial j of ten actions against Mr. "W". J. T. Clarke, Mount ; Gambier, in the Circuit Court, occupied the atten- j tion of the Full Court on Tuesday morning. The : removal of the causes to Mount Gambier was ; opposed by Mr. Stow, Q C, on behalf of the defen | dant, on the ground, among others, that the j inhabitants from whom the Jury were chosen were ; prejudiced in favour of tire plaintiffs, who are : farmers seeking to recover damages for destruction j of their property by fire, alleged to have arisen on j the defendant's property. After hearing Mr. Way i in support of ths application, a rule absolute was ordered, Mr. JusticeGwynne dissenting. During the course of the argument a somewhat amusing dis- j cussion took place respecting the quality and ! character of Mount Gambier Juries, Mr. Justice | Gwynne considering them to be composed of the j "most impracticable set of men he ever met with in his life." The Chief Justice and Mr. Wearing, however, fully vindicated our South-1 astern Juiy men so far as their experience went of anything in the way of objectionable or disrespectful conduct, and, in fact, in their judgment rather paid them a compliment. The decision is important, as tending to settle the practice with regard to trials of causes at the Circuit Courts. Bench of Magistrates —A small amount of business was transacted by the Bench of Magis trates on Monday. They refused to consider Mr. Cullen's proposed amendments to the Licensed Victuallers Act iu reference to night licences, as they had no jurisdiction in the matter. Esmeralda Silver Mining Company.—Cn Monday a meeting of the shareholders of this Company was held at Mr. James Scott's office, I Currie-street. The articles and memoranda of the J Association were read and agreed to. Directors were appointed, and the usual routine business | was disposed of. Silver.—We understand that 500 ozs. of silver have b"en produced as the result of further crushings at the Almanda. Some of the Directors of the Potosi visited their property again on Satur day, September 26. Operations have been some what impeded owing to the wet weather, but we believe that five tons of stuff are to be at once brought to Adelaide to be crushed with the Chilian mill in Mr. Wentzel's yard. Fire on Yorre's Peninsula.—Captain Heath, of the schooner Cynthia, informs ns that about 1 o'clock on Sunday morning a hut on Messrs. Rogers, Sanders, and Stevens's Bun, near Oyster Bay, Yorke's Peninsula, was desttoyed by fire. The buildi. g in question is a long stone hut with thatched roof, used as a kitchen, &c.;, by the men employed at the station. About 110 men were sleeping in the loft of the building when the fire broke out in the roof, and so rapid was its spread that they had barely time to escape with such articles of appaiel as they were wearing at the ' time, everything else in the building being de stroyed. It is believed that the iqqI ignited by some sparks from the chimney. Sib James Febqdsson.—From private advices we learn that Sir James Fergusson was to leave England for South Australia in October. Depasture of the Kev. John Gardner.— The Kev. Mr. Gardner left Adelaide by the 1.40 train on Tuesday, September 29. There was a considerable assemblage on the platform to 6ay farewell, a large proportion of whom proceeded with the rev. gentleman to the Port. Amongst those 'present we observed members of Parlia ment and of the Civil Service, several of the ministers in and around Adelaide, and nearly all the office-bearers and a large number of the mem bers o'f Chalmers Church. We understand that Mrs. Gardner and the family remain in Adelaide in the meantime. Philosophical Society.—The 152nd meeting of this Society was held at the Institute on Tuesday evening, September 29; Mr. W. Hanson in the chair. About IS members were present. It was resolved that Mr. E. M. .Martin be requested to take the office of Auditor. Dr. Schomburgk read a | lengthy but interesting paper on the history, &c.;, of the superb waterlily, the Victoria liegia, which is the name originally given to it by his late brother Sir ltichlrd, who discovered it in Guiana, and was the first to make it known to the world. The name Begia, the Doctor stated, after referring to authorities on the subject, to be the result of a typographical error. The latter part of the paper described the history of the plant in this colony, which may now be seen in flower in the Victoria House at the Botanic Garden. The Doctor was ap plauded at the cl ose. Mr. S. V. Pizey then read a paper on meat-preserving. He treated the subject as a means by which the hands of humanity and morality might be strengthened, Uy providing for the starving millions in Great Britain, and showed an available surplus for the purpose in the colony in the great waste in boiiing-down establishments. He also adverted to the great waste of fish at home, which might be used, and referred to the various processes employed in meat- preserving, giving his opinion in favour of that in which bi-sulphite of lime was used, and by which fish also could be turned to account. Numerous statistics were quoted in the paper, and the question of utilizing horseflesh was spoken of. At the conclusion a brief discussion took place. Mr. Commissioner Hamilton expressed an idea that if the sulphite of lime process was found to be as successful as Mr. Pizey poiuted out, the people in Englaud would adopt it and so a field would not be opened for the colonial article. Mr. T. Magarey said if the process could hot be adopted in England he did not think this colony would be able to aid much in supporting the starving millions there, and even if it could it would be but for about a generation. The simple question was whether they could preserve meat 60 ! as to leave a profit, and if Mr. Pizey could show that he would benefit the community. He had tried the experiment of boiling down two horses last summer, but did not fiod it answer. His Honor tbe Chief Justice thought that tbe question far consideration was simply whether any process could be adopted by which persons in the colony could make more profit out of their stock than they did. by their present mode of disposing of it; if they could administer to the wants of the starving millions in England in addi tion so much the better. They need not be afraid of England utilizing all the means of preventing waste there that they possessed. Mr. Pizey stated that at present one-trdrd of the meat was thrown away by the squatters i-i their boiling-down esta blishments, which could be made available for a profit. He posses-cd testimonials as to the efficacy of the sulphite of lime, which it wasestimated would not cost, including casks, labour of killing, the chemical, and other incidental expenses, more than three farthings a pound, and if they could obtain only twopence a pound on the 20 pounds of meat per slieep now thrown away, it would be a great advantage. The Chief Justice moved that the thanks of the meeting for bis interesting paper, and their congratulations on the success which had attended his labours in naturalizing the Victoria Kegia in this colony, be given to Dr. Schomburgk. Mr. Hamilton seconded. Mr. Magarey moved, Mr. C. A Wilson seconded, and a vote of tbanks was passed to Mr. Pizey for his interesting paper. The meeting then closed. Scottish Art Union.—The distribution of prizes in connection with the Art Union of Scotland was held at Edinburgh on the 25th July. The principal prizes consisted of paintings by well-known artists—Waller Paton, Gourlay SteelL, Sam Bough, J. B. Macdonald, Horatio McCulloch, T. Graham, MacV tarter, Ballantyne, &c.; A very fair share of winning .numbers are held in Australia and New Zealand. Our own colony has two—namely, No. 8,906, the Rev. Father Smyth, and 8,939, Mr. F. Ferguson, Wallaro >. The prize in the former case is a picture. "The Alarm,'' by J. B. Mac donald, value £30, and in the latter a statuette, in parian, by Copeland, after tbe original model by Brodie, subject " Penelophon." Tbe Adelaide agent.. Mr. D. Culley, Flinders-street, expects to have the prizes on view shortly. The good fortune which South Australians have generally ex perienced in these drawings is sure to foster a taste for such aesthetic speculation. New Cornwall Mining Company, Limited.— A special meeting of the shareholders of the above Company was held on Tuesday, September 29, at tbe Masonic Hall, White's Rooms, for the purpose of considering the advisability of closing the mine. There were about 30 of the shareholders present, and Mr. Luxmoore occupied the chair. The Chair man stated that the meeting had been called iu consequence of the captain of the mine having given a written notice that he was unable to carry out the agreement which he had made with the Company, and, in conclusion, said that the liabilities of the Company were £1.(5 0 Is. 4d„ and the assets £75(5 7s. fid., leaving a deficiency of £893 13s. lfld. Captain East stated that he was very un fortunate in the working of the mine. For the last seven months he had been carrying it on on his own responsibility; but that on account of the men leaving his employ there was not a sufficient return of funds, and 'he was therefore obliged to give up the agreement he had made. He had sunk down SO fathoms, and lie wai of opinion that if sufficient funds could be raised to sink down another 2) fathoms, he would he in a position to give a correct idea as to whether the mine would pay or not. He had incurred great liabilities in the working of it, over which he had no control, and he hoped that the shareholders would pay them for him in return, for which he would allow a consideration as to his future salary. The Chairman here read a resolution from the Directors, wbiehwasasfollows:—"!. Thatthework of sinking the engine- shaft shall be proceeded with. 2. That the Directors are authorized and empowered to declare a call of 5s. per shaic, pay able in two instalments of 2i. 6d. each as required. 3\. That all shares in respect of which any arrears of calls are now due shall, in default of payment of all such arrears asd interest within 14 days from , this date, be absolutely and irrevocably for feited t > the Company, and the registered shareholders immediately proceeded against for recovery Of the respective amounts due. Dr. Clark wished to know if this call for 5s. per share were made, whether the money so realized, which would amount to about £3,000, would be sufficient to cover the expense of sinking another 20 fathoms. Mr. East thought it would. From nine to 12 men would have to be engaged, who would be able to sink two fathoms a month, which would cost be tween £250 and £300, including contingencies. An amendment was moved and secouded— that a call of 2s. 0J. be made, to be paid in two instalments of Is. 3d. each. The Chairman then put the resolution and the amendment to the meeting, on which the former was carried. Dr. Clark thought with respect to the liabilities incurred by Captain East that the shareholders had nothing to do with them, as they were private ones. Mr. S. Baphael understood that the liabilities incurred by Captain East had been for the benefit of t he Company in sinking the engine-shaft, and he thought that in justice to that gentleman his claim should be considered. It was moved and seconded that Captain East's request with respect to his liabilities should be referred to the Direciors and Messrs. Goddard and Allen, to consider and report thereon. Mr. L. Clyde said that if this motion were carried it would be giving the Directors a great responsibility, and he thought it would be best to take the opinion of the meeting. There being no amendment the motion was carried, and the meeting terminated. Silver Ore Specimen's.—On Tuesday, Sep tember 29, there weie exhibited at the Exchange several specimens of silver ore from the Potosi aud Ben Lomond properties, with the results rf assays a> taclied. The Potosi specimens resemble closely the stuff now being crushed at the Alinanda. One of them taken from the solid lode j has yielded 78 c zs.; another, in which there is a large admixture of clay, 25 ozs. The Ben Lomond specmeus are very pretty. One of them is ticketed as yielding at the rate of 2-5 per cent, copper and 91 oz3. silver to "he ton; the other, 12 per cent, copper and 28 ozs. to the ton. Euro Mining Company.—At a meeting of the Directors, held on Tuesday, 29th September, it was determined to call a general meeting of the share-, holders to consider the proposition of resuming operations at the mine. The Bremer Mine.—On the 25th our corre spondent writes:—"At the mine I am happy to say a discovery has been made this week which : cannot fail to add materially to the monthly j samplings. The drive north of the engine shaft at the S3-fathom level has been extended the last three months beyond the main bunch of copper, with the view of cutting what is known as the I " North Bunch.'" This was last seen at the 53 fathom level, and has now been struck at the 83. This will give give a back whole for thirty fathoms, and is expected to yield a large quantity of copper ore. Confirmation at St. George's Church, M.ygill.—On Sunday, September 27, the Lord Bishop of Adelaide held a confirmation at the above church. The Incumbent, the Kev. T. E. Neville, presented IS young women aud 10 young men to be confirmed. The former being all in white dresses and veils produced a pleasing effect, and the deportment of the whole of the young people evinced their consciousness of the solemnity of the occasion. Three confirmation hymns were sung by tiie choir during the service. The Lord Bishop preached a most eloquent and impressive sermon from the 5th Eph., v. I, to a very large congregation, numbers being unable to obtain seats- The service was concluded by the Lord Bishop pronouncing the benediction -CV/iimmi c led. The New Governor.—We believe that no official intimation has been received by the mall relative to the new Governor of South Australia. Mb. G. M. Waterhouse.—A London letter informs us that Mr. G. M. Waterhouse was shortly to visit New ZealanA.but it seemed uncertain whether he would come on to Adelaide. Consular. —The mail has brought information that Mr. Adolph von Treuer, J.P., has been ap pointed Consul at Adelaide for the North German Confederation. The Consulates for Prussia, Ham burg, and Bremen have consequently lapsed. Detention of the Panama Mail.—-We have been favoured by Messrs. Heriot, Fullarton & Co. with the following memo., received by them from the London agent of the Panama, New Zealand, and Australian Royal Mail CompanyThe Rualiine will not arrive at Sydney until October 8. She must await the arrival of the Tasmanian, dispatched in place of Atrato, which has returned to port disabled. The Tasmanian left South ampton August 14."' Institute Lectures.—The first of the spring series of lectures at the South Australian In stitute was delivered by the Rev. John Gardner on Friday evening, September 25. in the Reading room. There was a large attendance, and Mr. C. Todd presided. In introducing the lecturer, Mr. Todd referred to the kindness of the rev. gentle man in consenting to lecture, notwithstanding the hurry and bustle consequent on his departure from the colony. He intimated that it was pro bable nest month they would have a course of lectures from Mr. James Smith, of Melbourne, who had promised to give them some time age, but was prevented from visiting this colony in con sequence of political disturbances in Victoria. The Chairman further observed that they were largely indebted to various rev. gentlemen for their lectures, and he thought, looking at the subjects of the lectures for the series, the audience would agree that the Governors , had done their best to instruct and interest the community. (Applause.) Gn an ordinary occasion his duty would he of a formal nature, but in the present instance—it being the last time the Rev. Mr. Gardner would appear before them—if be did not say something esore he should fail to represent the true feeliDg or the Board of Governors of the South Australian Institute. Few could afford to lose such a man as John Gardner, and those better acquainted with his colonial career than himself would be better able to appreciate the valuable services he had rendered from time to time to that and other public institutions, which had had for their object the promotion of the happiness and well-being of the community. (Applause.) He hoped their loss would be his gain, for the rev. gentleman would carry with him tlie heartfelt good wishes of all in South Australia, and though be might find more friends in Tasmania, he would not find warmer ones than in this colony. (Hear, hear) Mr. Gardner then delivered 3tis lecture on "Nineveh and Babylon," observing in com mencing that the subject was not simply in teresting as ministering .to the curiosity of man, but it was rendered of deep interest from its close association with the volume of inspira tion. Its tendency was to set aside at once and for ever the confident assertion of the Deist, and to establish on the most warrantable grounds the fact 'that " God reigns amongst the children of men." A study of the subject only tended to prove that the Bible had stood the test of ages; chat it had nothing to fear from the advancement of time or the ever-increasing" triumphs of art, but stood forth with a purity, sublimity, and truth of its own, rebuking and humiliating those who had attempted to disprove its statements. He then passed on to speak of Nineveh, "that exceeding great city," once a wonder to the nations of the earth by reason of its architecture, its vast re sources, and advancement in science and art. but now blotted from the face of the earth—a striking fulfilment of prophecy. He quoted extracts giving an account of some of Layard's remarkable discoveries amongst the ruins of Nineveh, and concluded by a brief description of Babylon as given in Scripture. The graves of Babylon spoke in language the most eloquent and powerful of God's dealings with guilty men and impious nations, and exemplified the great truth that neither wealth, splendour, ad vancement in science and art, nor learn-ng would secure the continuance of a kingdom. There must be a recognition of the Word of God. The Bible must be regarded as the Magna Charta of men's liberties, and its principles were the only ones that would survive the ravages of time. The Rev. J. C. Woods propose! a vote of thanks to the lecturer for his very interesting and eloquent lecture. He was soou about to leave the colony, and they ought to thaok him, not only for the present, but for the services he had rendered to the Institute during the last five years. Mr. Gardner was not only a lecturer, but he had given them some beautiful examples of elocution, and he had been also of great service to country Institutes and to the cause of education. He . had takeu notes of the performances of the youth of the colony, who, though they might ' have found fault with him for so doing, after they grew to be men would be thankful that Mr. Gardner had kept them up to a high standard. (Applause.) It would be known, loo, that tbeir friend bad been a foremost man in a'l improve- j ments in the colony of a social nature. He was genial and pleasant, and it could be said of him, as they said of John Knox, "He never feared the face of man;'' and although he had sometimes been opposed to his fellow-citizens, they had always found in him a magnanimous and generous foe. (Hear, bear.) He was sure they would all give Mr. Gardner the warmest of wel comes should he visit them at any time. He heartily moved the vote of thanks, wishing the rev. gentleman every prosperity and happiness, and that usefulness might attend him in his new j sphere. (Applause.) Mr. C. S. Hare seconded the motion, expressing his entire cmcnrreuce in the sentiments of Air. Woods. Mr. Gardner, in acknowledging the vote, which had been carried by acclamation, said he could not ex press what he felt at the kind aud courteous manner in which the motion had been placed before them. He thought it exceedingly creditable to the head and heart of Mr. Woods, who bad long been engaged with him in the same field of labour, hut differing as they did in somepointsvery widely. He assured ihem that that gentleman's compli ments were not empty ones for he had privately given expression to his kiud feelings toward him self. He also felt deeply indebted to Air. Hare for his kind remarks. He Dade them all an affectionate farewell, and assured them that be saw no ret son why he should not visit South Austi alia again at some future day. The audience separated after a vote of thanks to the Chairman. Lefevre-terrace Mutual Improvement So ciety.—On Tuesday evening, September 29, the annual soiree in connection with the above Society was held at the Baptist Chapel, Lefevre-terrace. There was an exceedingly good attendance. The meeting was presided over by Dr. Campbell, who in a few remarks introduced those who were to furnish the evening's entertainment. The read ings. recitations, and musical selections were very creditably carried through, and elicited hearty applause. The President (Mr. Stoneliouse) deli vered a very instructive and amusing lecture on "The Nose." He observed that his reason for choosing such a subject was a benevolent one, as it was his opinion that people now-a-days thought j too little of their noses, although that organ occu pied such a prominent position. Tlieie was a time when it was thought much more highly of than at present. It was fre quently referred to symbolically in Scripture, and our language at the present time was full of expressions relating to it. The nose was said to be a sign or symbol of the character of its owner, and its indications were quite as clear as those of phrenology. The soft part of the nose had a soit of creative power, and adapted itself to the abilities of its owner, while the bony portion was an abutment of the skull, and indicated the character of the individual. The rev. lecturer divided liis remarks on the character and formation of noses into six parts, partieulaiizing especially the following:—The Roman nose,, which was arched and promiuent. resembling the beak of an eagle, being very broad near the eyes. It indicated the highest energy of character, and a mind ready for command. Of Grecian ; noses there were two or three varieties, the purest being neariy in a straight line from the forehead, and was considered the most graceful of any, but j was exceedingly rare. The s -cond \ ariety denoted ' great delicacy of taste and love of the beautiful, and the third, which parti ok in some measure of the character of the tinman nose, pride, ambition, and love of power. The cogitating or thinking nose was very broad, and showed great brain power. The Jewish or Syrian nose was curved . from the root to the tip; liut was not the exclusive J possession of the Hebie.v nation. It denoted quickness of perception and commercial shrewd ness. The genuine snub nose was fortunately very j rare indeed. It was hard to describe, being misshapen, and most unmitigaledly ug'y. It was' broad, flat, shorr, and, in fact, there j was nothiug to take hold of if necessity I should arise. It was remarkable that a man with a snub nose never became illustrious, unless it were by accident. The turn-up or "Celestial" nose was of many varieties, and had been possessed by some of the most distinguished men of all pro fessions. it was said to indicate secretiveness and inquisitiveness, and was generally possessed by the best thief detectives. The nose, however, was not always an unfailing index of a man's character. The rev. gentleman concluded his lecture by giving an abstract of the remarks of Mr. George Catlin on tlio Yinoo Etc "Tl.o -t • It- 1) the nose in his work "The Breath of Life.' showing the advisability of keeping the mouth closed, and breathing through the nostrils. Thanks to the choir, the lecturer, and the Chairman closed the evening's entertainment. The Farmers and our Land System.—The Narracoorfe correspondent of the Mount Gambier StandardreportB that several residents in that neigh bourhood, attracted by the Victorian land system, attended the last sale at Hamilton and bought farms—one investing in 640 acres of fine land, and others in other areas. The same authority states that the capital lost to the colony by even this small migration will be £9,000 to £10,000. Our own South Rhine correspondent, who has at various times sent particulars of tiie removal to other colonies of fanners from the neighbourhood of Springton and Eden Valley, speaks lately of numbers being on the eve of removal who are hoping they may be enabled to stay by a liberal Land Bill being at once introduced; and other country correspondents testify to the same state of things bfipg yery general. Yelta Mind? Company'. — On Wednesday aftetnoon the ordinary general half- yearly meeting of the shareholders in this Company was held a the Arbitration Boom, King William-street; Mr W. Wadham in the chair. There was a large attendance. The balance-sheet was taken as read, and adopted. The Directors1 report stated that in pursuance of a resolution of the shareholders, prior to Messrs. Green and Lindsay's leaving for England with a view of obtaining additional capital, they had materially limited the operations in the miDe. They congratulated the shareholders upon the recent discovery made by Captain Kitto, and said should the present favourable ap pearances continue, which there waB no reason to doubt, there could be no question that a very considerable quantity of ore would soon be raised from the new workings. The captain's report was then read, whiili took a very sanguine view of the prospects of the Company. Messrs. Wadham, J. L. b\ Tuxford, and Walsingham W. Tuxford were elected Directors. Messrs. Wicksteed and Stodart were appointed Auditors. The Chairman said that the Directors would be glad if the share holders would consider the question of making a call, in order to carry on the workings < f the mine. At present £5jt2 was due in excess of their assets, not taking into account about 20 tons of ore 'which had been raised. He suggested that a call of 10s. be made, to be paid in in stalments of 2s. 6d. In answer to a ques tion, the Cliainnan said the Company could not sell the shares which had been forfeited. The Hon. W. W. Tuxford thought it advisable to guarantee the Directors to the amount of £1,000. it was decided without discussion to make a call' of 5s. per share, payable on Monday, October 5. The Hon. W. W. Tuxford moved that two Trustees be appointed, in accordance with the deed of settlement, in place of those absent from the colony. The Chairman thought it wrong to re move the gentlemen from that position who were absent from the colony on the Company's business, and, according to their deed, their removal need not follow in consequence of their absence. In reply to Dr. Phillips, the Chairman said he did not think there was much probability of Messrs. Green and Lindsay's selling the mine, and that the former gentleman had written out that if they did not succeed by the time the next mail left they should give up the task. On the discovery of the new lode the Directors sent a telegram to him, telling him not to do anything until be heard front them by letter. The Chairman then brought forward the question of forfeited shares, stating that by the 13th clause of the deed of settlement it was provided that all shares upon which the calls were not paid within 21 days after being due should be declared absolutely forfeited. The Directors had, however, not carried that out strictly, but had in certain instauces taken calls a few days after the 21 days had expired. Some time back 209 shares on which calls had not been paid weredeclared forfeited; but since the Company had been fortunate enough to make the late disco veries certain shareholders whose shares had been declared forieited had tendered their money and a certain amouut of interest, and demanded that the Directors should receive their calls, because they had received others after the 21 days had expired. They supDortcd their application by certain legal opiuions. The Board had consulted Messrs. Belt aud Thrupp (not their own solicitors): but as tiieir opinions had only come in that day, they had had no time to decide in what position they really stood. He assured the meeting that the Directors were unanimously of opinion that those shares should not be reinstated if they could legally pre vent it. They would rather sacrifice half their shares than do so. But if these shares could be legally reinstated, there was not the slightest doubt that the persons who had applied would en force their claims. In reply to Dr. Philiips, the Chairman said the Directors had for the last two years allowed calls to be paid a little after the 21 days had expired. They had been paid in from two or three days to a month over the time. Dr. Phillips said he understood Messrs. Cullen & Wigley were the defaulters whose shares had been forfeited. They were the solici tors of the Compauy, and had drawn up the deed of settlement, it certainly seemed to him exceed ingly strange that the gentlemen to whom they were accustomed to look, and had every right to look for advice in difficulty, should be the first to raise such a question, and to desire to override 'he deed they had themselves prepared. He asked how long it was that they ceased to pay calls. The j Chairman replied that Mr. Wigley had not paid any calls since February, 1S67. Forty-two shil lings and sixpence were due ou each of his shares. When lie first began to get into arrears he requested that his shares should not be forfeited, and said he was willing to pay interest on the calls; but the Directors considered they were not justified in -complying with that request. Mr. Cullen had paid nothing since March, 18§7; 48s. per share were due from iiim. They were the parties who had applied to have their shares reinstated. Dr. Phil lips considered it an outrageous proceeding that Messrs. Cullen and Wigley, who deserted the Company when they considered it a sinking ship, and had run eight and nine calls into arrear, should now, when its prospects had considerably changed, wish to be Dut in the same position as those who had stack by the mine, aud been the means of making the late discovery. In answer to a question, the Chairman said a legal decision had been given that a Company had no power to recover money due onfalls. He characterized Messrs. Cullen and Wigley0s proceedings as being monstrously unjust, whatever might be their legal power. He said the Company's position was not owiDg to anv fault in the deed of settlement, but to the Directors, who had gone beyond the letter of their powers. He suggested that the meeting Ehould nominate a committee of shareholders to confer with the Directors as to what course should he taken in the matter ; and subsequently Dr. fhillips, the Hon. W. VV. Tuxford, and Messrs. D. Baines and W. D. Gray were appointed for the purpose. Several shareholders, being much displeased at the course taken by Messrs. Cullen & W igley, intimated their willingness to pay a special call in order to test the Suestion in the Supreme Court. After a brief iscussion it was resolved that all shares forfeited by the non-payment of the call in May last that were good up to that date be reinstated. It was resolved that the Directors be requested to remove the Solicitors of the Company. A vote of thauks to the Chairman terminated the meeting. Steam Communication with the South.—a meeting of shareholders in the venture to secure steam communication between Port Victor and Port Adelaide was held at Smallacombe's Hotel on Thursday afternoon, September 24, when not withstanding the inclemency of the weather a gteat number of gentlemen from Goolwa, Port Victor, and other places were present. Mr. T Goode, J.P., was voted to the chair, and com menced the business of the meeting by stating that the meeting had been called for the purpose of receiving the report of the Committee which had been appointed a; the general meeting. He then called upon the Hon. Secretary, Mr. J. F. Bottomley, to report progress. Mr. Bottomley said since the last meeting he had met with several gentlemen, who had been prevented from attend ng, who had expressed themselves as very willing to take shares in the venture. The Committee had drawn up a series of propositions to be submitted to Captain Smith, and he believed the Chairman had been in communication with that gentleman, and they would therefore hear from him as well as from Captain Smith, who was present, what the result had been. The Chairman (Mr. Goode) said that the propositions whicli formed the basis of agreement between themselves and Captain Smith were, he considered, fair for both parties. The settlers would secure the weekly services of the Goolwa steamer, and if the venture proved a successful one, as he had no doubt it would, each shareholder or guarantee would receive a propor tionate share of the profits, and if loss should be sustained then they would be called upon to bear their proportionate share of that loss. It was proposed to have one hundred guarantees. The minimum share of loss (if any) to each guarantor to be J£l 6s., and the maximum £5 4s. per annum. To these conditions Captain Mnith had agreed as the basis of agreement between himself aiid the settlers m the district, and he was happy to say that the greater number of the shares had been taken. The meeting then testified their ' approval of what had been done, and decided that a Managing Committee, consisting of the following gentlemen, should be elected to carry out the in terests of the shareholders in connection with Captain Smith:—Messrs. T. Goode, J.P: (Chair man of Committee), J. Henderson, J.P., P. C. Greayer, A. Graham, and C. Hathway. It was arranged that the Committee should meet at Goolwa for the purpose of making such arrange ments as will no doubt secure great advantages to the public, and also a legitimate share of the river trallic. The steamer Goulwa has large capacity for cargo, and it is the intention of Captain Smith to make every necessary arrangement in order to secure the greatest possible comfort to passengers. Several ladies and gentlemen in the neighbour hood have already taken advantage of the oppor tunity afforded them of a sea trip to Adelaide, and they have expressed themselves as highly gratified i at the caTe and attention hown them on board the vessel. ■ Seppelt-feld Distillery.—Mr. J. E. Seppelt's steam d:stillery and manufactory for brandy, liqueurs, cordials, and wine, situated at Seppelts feld, near Nuriootpa, is now one of the recognised establishments in'the colony. The building, which is 18 x 25 feet, is substantially erected of stone, roofed with iron, and has a bonded store attached. On the right of the entrance one of Piston's appa ratus fitted out with all the latest improvements is placed. The boiler, containing 180 gallons, is on the opposite side. The coiling apparatus is attached to the still and is supnlied with cold water constantly flowing from a well 50 yards distant from distillery. This water, while serving its pur pose, gets heated to a certain extent, and for the sake of saving fuel is thrown by a force-pump into a boiler. By every possible contrivance the working is made economical and easy. The steam raised in the boiler is passed through an inch pipe into the still, which is filled with the wine to be distilled. So soon as the wine commences boiling the spirit rises in the form of steam, and passes through several pipes into the cooling-apparatus, where it gets condensed and runs into another vessel These spirits are £0° overproof. Spirits of wine almost invariably contain more or less fusel oil and other foul liquids, and also emit a very dis agreeable odour, so that they must be purified. This is accomplished by redistillation, &c.; Sixty gallons of rectified spirits can be made weekly. First prizes were obtained bv the proprietors for liqueurs, brandy, &c.;, at the Melbourne Exhibition Of 1866, qnd the Exhibition in Adelaide in 1S57, Primitive Methodist Missions.—On Wed-1 nesday evening, September HO, the annual meeting of the above was held in the Primitive Methodist Chapel, Morphett-street. Mr. Cassel occupied the chair, and the attendance was small. After singing the Eev. T. Braithwaite offered prayer. The Chair man, in a few remarks, introduced the Bev. J. 6. Wright, who gave a statement of the affairs and prospects of the mission. He said that all the people of his denomination were missionaries if they tried to propagate the Christian religion, which was their only abject. All could do their share, if it were only doing a little; and where there was a will for doing good there would be a way. He read from a book which had lately been published in England the following figures to show that God was with them in their workifc a denomi nation There were altogether 159,798 meraliers of the Primitive MethodistConnexion, which indicated very rapid growth. The net increase last year was 4,848. exclusive of 2,000 deaths. The number of travelling preachers was 916, and of local 14,020 There were 43,642 Sabbath-school teachers, and j 247,969 scholars attending the schools. The deno minational income for the year was £14,OUO. While this indicated very rapid growth, it also showed solidity. The members of the de nomination in London intended to send two missionaries to Africa as soon as they could find suitable men, and he thought it was a most necessary work, as there were thousands of Europeans as welt as negroes iu that country who ueeded their efforts. He trusted that they would soon be sent. God had blessed them as a body in this colony. Twelve years, ago they were almost unknown, and now they had churches all over the country. They had just sent a preach-r (Mr. Thomas) to Mount Gambier, and he was doing a good work there. Many had been added to the Church, and the cause was prospering. They had also sent a young man (Mr. Price) to. Narracoorte. He was a new man, but he had been made a blessing there, aud he was partly supported by the people. The Rev. T. Braithwaite said that their work was an important warfare, although some spoke very lightly of it. It was a difficult work, and they had to contend against enemies who were numerous and weighty. Fifty-eight years ago there were only 10 members in connection with their Church, and their great increase was owing to the fact that their ministers had well wielded the sword of the Spirit, and the people were a praying people. Their forces needed to increase both in numbers and in efficiency. He trusted that there would be a good collection. A collection was made, which realized 13s. ll^d. A vote of thanks was accorded to the Chairmau, and < the meeting closed in the customary manner. Interim Governors' Salaries.—On this sub ject, which may come under discussion heie by and-by, we extract the following notes from the Argus ot the 24th inst.:—"In reply to an address from the Legislative Assembly, the Governor yesterday transmitted copies of all correspondence on the subject of the refund by General Carey of a portion of the salary received by liim when adtni uistering the government of the colony. Under the regulations of the Colonial Office an officer administering the government Gf a colony is pre cluded from drawing more than half the usual salary of the Governor, the other half of the salary going to the new Governor from the time of his embarkation. So long ago as the year 1856 the attention of Mr. Labouchere, then Colonial Secre tin y, was called to the peculiarity of the language of the schedule of the Constitution Act by which the salary is fixed. Mr. Labouchere, iu a despatch on the subject, while disclaiming any desire on the part of the Imperial Government to in terfere with whatever construction might be put ou this provision by the Government and Legislature of Victoria, says that such a con struction would not be allowed to interfere with the payment of half salary to Sir Henry Barkly— who had just been appointed—from the date of his embarkation. Soon after the recall cf Sir Charles Darling, Mr. Cardwell forwarded a despatch to General Carey, calling his attention to the despatch of Mr. Labouchere, and expressing i bis concurreuce in the view therein expressed. But this despatch did not reach the colony until tile arrival of tiie present Governor; and General j Carey, apparently being ignorant of the regulation j I already referred to, and of the despatch of Mr. ! Labouchere. drew the whole salary duiiDg the | three months he held the office of Acting-Governor. I Sir Henry Maimers-Sutton pointed out to General Carey the regulation, and requested him to .refund | one-half the seiary from the 23rd June, the date of His Excellency's embarkation. To this General Gare.v replied that be understood the reau'ation in question only applied to Crown colonies; that ; he fully believed himself entitled, under the Constitution Act. to the whole amount of salary; and that he had incurred expenses in oider to keep up the position which he^ held. In a subsequent commuuication General Carey says that he was assured by the Treasurer (Mr. Verdon) that lie was entitled to the full salary, and requested Sir I Henry Manners Sutton to bring the whole case under the consideration of the Secretary of State, expressing his (General Carey's) willingness to abide by the decision of Lord Carnavon. Ibis Sir Henry Manners Sultuii did; and in December, 1S66, Lord Caruavou replied that he desired the colunial regulations to he upheld, hut he thought in any case iu which the salary was divided a sum at the rate of £1,000 a year should first be set aside, to pay the expenses of private secret try and staff, and that the balance should l e equally divided between the acting and newly-appointed Governors. Ou the receipt of this. General Carey at once paid to His Excellency the sum of £653 SK He was not, however, satis- ■ lied; but as Mr. Verdon had informed him that the Governmeut would place a sum on the Esti mates to reimburse him the above amount, be applied to the Colonial Office and to the Horse Guards for permission to accept it. This permis sion was granted, the Duke of Buckingham saying: —"If the colony choose to relieve him (General Carey)" from the inconvenience he had descrilied " by making mp liis salary to that which he natu rally supposed it to be, I think he may avail him self of their liberality without infringing the rule wlucb prohibits the acceptance of a present by an officer adminstenng the Government of a colony." On the 2nd March, 1868. the Under Treasurer addressed the Private Secretary, asking the amouut refunded by General Carey, intimating that it was in contemplation to put a sum upou the Estimates to repay it. The amount actually drawn by General Carey was £2.688 3s. 3d., to only one-half of which, or £1.344 Is. 7<k, he was actually entitled ; of the balance, £618 Is. Id. should have lapsed to the Treasury. But General Carey has not been asked to refund any part to the Treasury; lie only paid to His Excellency £653 9s., and has therefore received £2.634 14s. 3d . or £690 12s Sd. more than under the Colonial Regulations he was I entitled to. In a minute dated 15th October, I860, | Mr. McCulloch took a very proper view of the case, j He says—" The payment was made to the Acting ; Governor in terms of the Constitution Act; but | this Government cannot interfere with arrange ments or stipulations which may be made by the Imperial Government Jegardiug the destinatiou of the money so paid." I Evangelistic Work. —In one of the went localities in Melbourne the Eev. James Taylor, a Baptist minister, has lately opened a building destined to serve the manifold uses of a church schoolroom, lecture-room, reading-room, and library, for the use of the most ignorant, destitute, and nealecfed section of our city population. The institution is altogether ms-ctarian; the necessary funds have been raised by private subscription at the instance of the exemplary founder of the charity, and the place is open every evening, and si"pplied with books, newspapers, and periodicals; while lectures and readings are to be occasionally given, and religious services performed on the Sunday.—Australas ian. Photography. — Very excellent bust and full length carte-de-visitc photographs have been taki n of the He v. John Gardner by Mr. Duryea, of King William- street. In the full figure representation Mr. Gardner has on the orthodox Geneva goun and bands, and looks the very model of a sturdy Piesbyterian. The i ortrait is extremely faithful, and the finish admirable. We refer to our business columns for further particulars. On the same occasion a sight was afforded of the completed portraits of the Upper House. Mr. Duryea has been engaged in preparing framed coloured copies of the members of both Houses. He lias finished the first branch, and made progress in the House of Assembly. We saw a number of those which were ready, and can pronounce them admirably clear and life-like. In addition to the copies in oil, ordinary phot"g-aphs have been executed, and the portraits of the whole of the members of the Legislative Council mav now be seen grouped around the President. These are mounted on a large sheet, and the names are underneath. The Eev. James Jefferis in the Highlands of Scotland.—The following is an extract from a letter received from Mr. Jefferis, dated Balla chulisli, Loch Leven, August 11. After describing an unsuccessful search through Edinburgh for some friends, he says:—"The next morning we ] left (I say we, for my brother is with me) for the old and well-known route up the ForLli, walked from Callendar, through the Trossachs, and round Loch Katrine to Loch Lomond; tarrying by the way at the farm of Mr. David Stuart, of Setter where on the Sabbath we had a pleasant service, attended by people from the scattered farms in the neighbourhood. Very earnestly we lifted up our voices in the good old Scotch psalms, and I dis coursed to them awhile—Hot in so long a sermon as I suppose they usually listen to—about the love of Him who beareth our grief6 and carrieth our ! sorrows. Since then we have come westward j through Glencoe. and are now on the borders of a very beautiful loch of sea water. The ! colouring of the mountains last evening i was strikingly beautiful. To-day they are clad m j sombre robes. The lagged clouds hang down from summit to the lower slopes. The burns (creeks) are charged with water, ami many a cascade comes leaping down white a:-d furious. Iain enjoying my trio greatly, though it is hurried on account of my wife's health. I am glad to say Mrs. Jefferis is better than she has been. I have keen com pelled on account of it to delay my return, but the months will soon roll round. Early in 18(591 hope to be with you." Colonial Manufacture.—We were shown on Monday by Mr. Beyer, District Secretary of the ALU. Order of Oddfellows, a number of embossed seals, manufacted for the District by Mr. D. Schmidt, of Gawler-place. The seals are very strongly made, and appear to be quite equal to imported articles of a similar description. Eacli Lodge in the colony is to be supplied with one. . Ceosades, Ancient and Modern."—A pub ie lecture, under the above title, was delivered by the Rev. C. Manthorpe on Thursday evening, October 1, inthe Hindmarsb-square Congregational Chnrch in aid of the funds of their Sabbath- school. There was a large attendance, and in the unavoidable absence of the pastor—Kev. F. W. Cox—the Hon. Thomas Reynolds presided. After a few remarks upon the happy results of Sunday-school training; the Chairman introduced the rev. geDtleman, who commenced his lecture by detailing the circum stances which led to the early crusades. About . the end of the first century an opinion prevailed in<~.. Europe which popularized the idea of a crusade to* the Holy Land, it being generally believed that the-, thousand years mentioned in the 20th chapter of Heveiation were about to be fulfilled, and that- . Christ would soon make His second appeaiance in . Palestine, which was now regarded with the greatest veneration, and multitudes of pilgrims flocked thither from all parts of Chi istendom. These were systematically plundered and maltreated by the Turks, and on their return filled all Europe with complaintB against the infidels, and the indignation and enthusiasm of the people having been roused to the highest pitch by the fiery zeal of Peter the . Hermit, the first crusade was commenced in 1U96L led by Peler and Walter tbe Moneyless, and joined' by Godfrey de Bouillon, Robert, of .Normandy, Baldwin, and others. Having described the'leading incidents in this and the crusade of 1146, in which tbe Emoeror Conrad 1IL and Louis VII. of France took part, that of 1188, led by tbe Emperor Frederick Barbarossa, Leopold of Austria, and. joined by Philip of France and Richard Ceeur de= Lion, as well as those which took place; subsequently, and haying, adverted to the causes which led to the successive failures of these expeditions, which ri suited only in leaving the wrecks of armies and the bones of hundreds of thousands bleaching on the roads leading to the holy city-victims to a blind en thusiasm and fanatic zea1, and in establishing the Moslem more firmly witbiuthe wails of Jerusalem —he spoke of the beneficial effects of the cniBades. upon the state of society in Europe. It roused the people who had been slumberiug in the lap of superstition, promoted the growth of civilization, , opened up brighter prospects for the hopes of the ; rising generation, robbed feudalism of its glory, . resulted in a general extension of ideas, and opened , up commercial intercourse between the Eastern and Western nations. It weakened the power of, Kome, shook tbe faith of the people in superstitious, practices, and prepared them lor the more complete - enfranchisement of mind achieved by the reformers; a few centuries later. He then spoke of the gloomy picture which these crusades presented from & Christian pointof view—the land of J udea the object of superstitious veneration; the cross worn as the badge of the warrior, ana floating in the breeze before those whose garments were soaked with blood; vengeance taking the place of mercy, audi, the extermination of the infidel aimed at instead n of his conversion, the doctrine of human merit to - be secured by good works instead of the apostolic doctrine of justification by faith—Christianity totally set aside—such were the crusades. He then came to modern crusades, which tbe Church of Christ had taken upon herself, and which she was still carrying on. Cod had commanded His Church to be a working and a fighting Church—to fight against all forms of evil and to work for the -. diffusion of all good. The Church on earth was the Church militant; God was her strength and , shield; He taught her hands to war, and her fingers to fight; and He called upon all Church members, as soldiers of the Cross, to fight for lum. It seemed that within the last 100 years the Church had realized this great and glorious fact. Where were their ounday-scbools, Missionary Societies, ! Bible and Tract Societies, and all the various agencies in tbe Church for the destruction of evil a cestury ago ? Just as a general torpor prevailed in Europe previous to the crusades, so in tbe 17th and the early part of the 18c.li century tbe ( hurch lay cold and dead until God raised up men like - Wesley and Whitefiald to preach Christ crucified,, and a general awakening took place. Tbe bene ficent designs of God were now clearer than erer - to the view. Men were sent forth on their errands of mercy, and would uot rest till t;ie world had learnt the truth and was won to Christ. As ritualism, rationalism, and infidelity owed much of its momentum to tbe zeal and fanaticism. of individuals, so their Sunday-schools not only in their native land, but elsewhere, with tiieir 300.000 teachers and millions of cbiidren, arose through Robert Raikes; to poor Johu Rounds, another true soldier of the Cross, tiiey owed tbe establishment of their Ragged Institutions for the homeless poor of the community; and in mis sionary enterprise they had William Carey—a man raised up for Christ's sake to take possession of ' India, and make it a gem in the Saviour's crown. The world might call theEe mad; the Church deem, them enthusiasts, but so were the Apostles of old. They were not mad, but in earnest—true men, characterized by depth of conviction, purity of., mind, and entire godliness, and in the name of. God they joined battle wiiti the foe, won victories,, and gathered spoils. If society benefited by the ancient crusades, how much mure so by the modern ones, in which the weapous were so different. It was this which encircled the brow of England with diamonds. Her Church did not believe in the spear and the sword. She might welt adopt as her motto that which was engraved on a lighthouse on the English coast—" To give light and to save life." Then were modern crusades destined to fail at las'.? They answered boldly and eniidiatically no. God was their strength; He would h.-ip them, and turn to flight the army of the aliens. The Church to day proclaimed war to the death against the king dom of Satan; she would never cease uutil every inch of earth was won for Him whose right it was. Their object was to rescue the world from the wicked oue, and win it to obedience to Christ; to make it a world upon which angels might look down, and as they looked shout, "Hallelujah, for the Lord God omnipotent reigueth." 'Their hin drances were great, but they had the Lord on their side. There was a "good time coming" for the Church and the world; they were gaining ground;. the shadow on the dial of human progress was. lifting; nothing could turn back the soldiers of the Cross, and they looked f.Jrward to the time when the whole Catholic Church would give a shout which would at once strike dismay into the hosts of da:kness, and proclaim that the Roni reigned. 'The rev. lecturer, who had been listened to with the deepest attention, received hearty applause at the* close of his lecture; and, on tlie motion of Mr. ti. Whitmore, seconded by Mr. Geo. Bccymgour, a cordial vote of thanks was passed to him, a similar compliment was also paid to the Chain Daring the evening a number of musical selections were very nicely given by the children of the tiunday school, on behalf of whose Library Fuud a collec tion was made. Bible Society Meeting at Hind marsh.—The annual meeting of the Hindmarsh, Bowden, Brompton, Tliebarton, and Belt Branch of the British and Foreign Bible Society was held on Tuesday evening, September :0, in the District Hall, Hindmarsh, Notwithstanding the absence of the Kev. Dr. Tucker, the Society's Agent for tiiis and the neighbouring colonies, the attendance was highly satisfactory, the Hail being fihed to oveiflowing with an auuience evidently competent, to uudei stand anil appreciate the proceedings of the evening. The meeting having been opened with reading the Scriptures and prayer by the Kev. J. Stoyel, of Bowden, Mr. h. A. Tarltou, the President of the Branch, occupied the chair, and struck the key-note for the guidance of subsequent speakers in a speech eloquent, earnest, and pertinent. He especially alluded to the evangelical efforts associated with the great Exhibition at Paris held during the past year, aud expressed his conviction that they would bo found to surpass, in their beneficial influence upon the world, all other appliances which were there congregated pro fessedly with the same design. The report stated that on account of the general depression and other incidental causes the year just concluded has not been so financially prosperous as the year pre ceding. The amount of free subscriptions was £2114s., as against £36 3s. Id.; aud tiie subscrip-' tious for Bibles, £3 IDs., as against £5 8s. for 1867. The balance-sheet showed the sum of £41 4s. 3d. as the total of moneys received, of which £26 16s. 4d. was in the bands of the Treasurer. Addresses were delivered by the llcv. J. Pollilt, as the representative of the Society, also by the ltcvs. CI. \V. Patchell, T. Porter, J. Stoyel, \V. L. Sinks, S. L. Harris, and also by Messrs. Barnden, Dil lingham, and Pickering, which commanded the undivided attention and sympathies of the audience by their earnestness and noble sentiments. The collection amounted to £6 Os. fid. South Australian district of Rechabites. S.A.—A temperance meeting in connection with the South Australian District of Rechabites was held iu the Primitive Methodist Chapel, Norwood, ou the evening of Monday, September 28; Mr. Thos. Rhodes in the chair. Addresses were deli- - veri-d by Messrs. Holland, Maley, Alcock, and. Madge to a very good and attentive congregation. At the close a Tent, called the Aik of Refuge, No. 32, was duly opened by the District Deputy Ruler Brother M. H. Madge, assisted by D.T. Holland, D.S. Alcock, P.D.U.K. Rhodes, P.C.R. Brice, D.R. Moore, and Brothers Tapscott and Madge. The D.D.R. declared the Tent duly opened, and called on the D.T. to read the dispensation granted by the District for opening the Tent. The following officers were duly elected: —Brothers Thos. Rhodes, P.C.K.; W. Fisher. O.K.; W. Hill jun., D.K.; H. F. Newberry, Secretary; John Bray and W. J. Newberry. Stewards; \V. Woods, Levite; G. t'argey. Guardian; and W". Hill sen.. Treasurer. The usual business being concluded, the Tent., which bids well to be a flourishing one. was duly closed. , Bletchley.—A numerously-attended meeting was held in the Schoolroom, Bletchley, on Mon day evening, September 21 for the purpose of thanking Messrs. Cheriton and Rogers for their successful endeavouts iu securing the opening of a post-office at Bletchley. Mr. Robert Foster was j voted to the chair. Mr. Francis Edwards proposed j " That the thanks of the meeting be conveyed to | Messrs. Cheriton and Rogers for their kind and | successful endeavours in procuring a mail from Strathalbyn to Bletchley, which will begin on the 1st October." Mr. Charles Doclierty seconded, and Mr. James Hamlyn suppor'.^J. Each s oke in high terms of those who had benefi the neighbourhood by supplying a great want. Pultexey-stkeet School Soikee.—On Friday,. September 2i, the annual soiree of Mr. Moore's school took place in the schoolroom, Pulteney street. There was a large attendance, and the chair was occupied by the Rev. James Pollitt,. who delivered an appropriate address to the scholars. The entertainment, consisting of read ings, recitations, and songs, was got up anil carried out by the juveniles in a very creditable manner. Thanks to the Chairman, and checrs for Mr. Moire and the ladies, closed the pro ceedings. 