The counti'y has made grout ulloivauce, for the difficulties of Ministers, and tho (shifts they have boon, driven to in currying out tiio business of their different doiKivUnuuts. But seriously speaking the constituencies ima gined that after the power was givou, uo timo would bo lott in rcasgumljliuif Parlia ment. Instead of such a result following the Lato elections, the public; buuiuuss is left in the muddled state previously OAiatiug, and without a«y attempt to dnw ordur from tho chaos of Victorian politics. Tho end must come at last, and we hou no good rea son for postponing the good or evil day ! longer than is actually necessary. We havo I all had our laugh mid joku over tho misorios of tho Civil servants after tho firdt one or two months of the dead-lock, but iu truth this enforced state of impecuniosity is, after un experience of i}vo or six months, seriously injuring tho progress of tho coun try. }Vo have in a certain sense got rid of one JissyiBy t%r ouSn' *° hayo done sj. Not withstanding tho ravings of tho Opposition Press .jJjout the non- rcpresontal ions of mino rities, ^ho.voioo of tho country has unani mously- -upheld the detenniuatiou of the Legislative Asseiixbly to liand over the £20,000 to Lady JJarling, and we cannot conceive it possible that thu Upper House in the face &f; such a dosision, will continue in their insane attempts at supremacy. The theory that minovities ought to control ma jorities has long ago exploded, as well in Great Britain dm in ho/ colonies, and it id simply an absurdity fo attempt carrying out ectji a doctrine iu Yictoriu.. What measures Mifiicters and their followers -!;it«nd to adopt if the ippuncil continuo in the.:r obstinacy we certaiftjv ignore, but that thoy should be speedily and b.nergetically- put to Jhe test, is the opinion t/-.'h of the supporters of the Minjetry and thefr'^'PoPen.ts. 3Jhi» gi«at dispute onoedisposeddC amicably if poggible, bij^atall evonte finally BSity&i; ™» maylook forward to sotne practical and ,v«ry necessary legislation. The electors, in the /ace of the dawdlinginactivity of Ministers, are already beginning to eompkin. People are heatvil/ ^ick of the Darling grant dispute, and are tismptfii to exclaim with.no little reason ' a plague 09 both your Houses.' 'Wu do not go ?0 tat as to fay that Ministers are purposely remaining inactffe, but wo do think tiiat a lack of energy in displayed in reassembling the ftu^iameat of ihe conntiy. - 'M it were done, wten 'tis1 done, then 'twere well it were -Jcnc qckVy '? Ta'lw Me i?ta^ is tc ing lost and opportunities aro certainly slipping away, perhaps beyond rocall, to ensure the prosperity of the colony. Victoria wants money, and tho capitalists of Europe are eager to lot us havo it on most advantageous terms, a like oppo;iunity may not recur for many years to w-me. Without foreign aid pur water supply and railway esUj. sion schemes must collapse, because even wero the necessary capital in. the country, a guaranteed interest of six per ce-ut. per annum would fail to attract tlio local money lender. As regards the benefits to result to the colony as a.borrower of capi tal, we think there can bo no question. How many local pioneers of industry would gladly pay this rate of ip.lerost? How many Lave paid double thi».t rate, or twelve per cent., and yet havo realized a handsome profit on their entovjirise ? It must be candidly ad mit tod ihatloss has too often resulted to the borrower at fifteen und twelve per cent., Lut wp.,-0 this rate reduced by one half, docs it not sooui feasible that such losses would bo reduced to a lniuitnnin. Scarcity of money and the consequent high rates of interest practically put u stop to all ordinary enter priao iu Victoria, and until our legislators can bo brought to boo ihe folly of trusting to the limited resources of the colony in py oae- cuting the public works so urgently required tho present generation a.t least cannot realise tho prosperity that in a new country they had every reason to. expect. Great as the resources of tho colony naturally are, nod profitable uts in a measure have Leon iuvostmoutH in local industries, still iu a very slight dogruo aru tho colonials iudebto J. for thwir dovolopjnuut to foreign capital. This is suruly not as it ought to be. A Mexican, 11 Spanish, or a Russian, loan, certainly offers inducements far inferior tu that oifered, or iu a position tu by olfored by Victoriu, and yet how many millions of British capital have boon liyun.-d into the lansof such nliiim uuts, while Victoria has hitherto refused, to accept the proil'erod aid so nocessury (0 her progress. Money and an increased labor bii]-ply aro urgently wanted in Victoria, and by securing thu ono wo are certain to secure thu other, and tliu duty of tho Legislature after ' buryiug tho hiUchet,' is to tako ad vantngo of tho favorable Ktato of the monoy imtrliot and to proinoto. iuunigration. The liberal land uct now in force has certainly proved beneficial to tho country, but wliaf, in thi) faco of a plenteous harvest can the farmer do. without consumers for his surplus produce. The area of land under the plough i-i iucroawug yearly, without proportionate increase in tho cousu^iption of food; with out railways or evou goul ordinary roads, tliy fnrmors anJ produce growers iu coun try districts, at a distance from Melbourne, itrn practically deprived, of a market. In sobor carnost wo would call upon our rulers speedily to recommence tlie duties of tlicir j)ositi')n, if thoy do so manfully they may dopoud upon tlio continued support of tho ptsoplo they roprcsejit. Dead-locl;n have uh'cady becuiiio a nuisuncu, l«t the hut bo put an eud to with u firm hand. There is every reason to hopo that the Uppor Kouso has scon the error of its ways, and that tho lato dissolution has had the effect desired. At all evimt.s tho country expects a speedy return to work by their representatives or tho wheels of tho state-ooach must per force bu made to revolve. TI13 newly elected have their work before them, and we should ima gine that fur their own sakea as well as tliat of tho country, they will riso above tho idlo influences of the hour. The weather during the past week has been more than ordinarily sultry and oppressive. On Sunday and Monday ami the two succeeding day6,tlie ther mometer in the sun marked 183 degrees— in the 6hacle ranging from 90 to 100 ; whilst bright re flections of light at eventide to the north anil west, gave token that extensive bush fires were raging in that direction. Stockowneis and dairymen arc already beginning to complain of scant feed for the cattle, but wo favorable to vegetation has been their aeason generally, that little fear of serious inj ury from drought need be entertained. A contested election, whether parliamentary or municipal, has been of late years so great a rarity in the Avoca portion of the district that the rate payers were in no alight degree pleased to see on Tuesday last two candidates coming forward for' the representation of the South Riding in the Shire Council. Both gentlemen, Messrs Trevena and Johnston, at the close of the poll, were found to be very much on a level in trie esteem of the ratepayers. Mr Johnston polling 03 voles, while his opponent polled 65, the latter being thuB returned by a ma jority of two votes. Very little excitement was manifested in the day's proceedings, as will be seen by Ihe fact that barely a third of those entitled to vote maile UBe of their privilege ; this indiffererc: is, however, explained by there being only one pol ling place appointed (the Shire Hall), and the can didatea could scarcely expect the attendance of voters who reside at a distance from the township. The loss of a valuable and much prized horse befel, we are sorry to aay, Mr Edmund Parrinton of Avoca, last week, and that after a most extraor dinary fashion. The horse was found dead in the bush suspended from a tree, into a forked limb of which, apparently with a view of rubbing himself, he had inserted his neck j unfortunately for the poor brute bis efforts to get free were unsuccessful, for after a series or struggles his bead had become so irmly' wedged in the fork that death must have en sued from suffocation, . , Some six weeks ago? it will be remembered, that Atoc» received.* visit from an impecunious indi vidual, who after running up scores with the local Bonlfac* to--* pretty cnusiderable amount, sud d,«tfjr«nd mysteriously disappeared.' ' This accom plisfckj Hrinvifer has tomed op at Belfast, in the W«ternY!£«triet.'. /Arrested there by the policeon suspicion of 6H05 A* defaulter Tyndall, constable NoUd,' of Ballarat VJ- tint Over to identify the jprisbner,' and found that he was not die man ?wanted, but » rascally swindler nai.:ed Roberts, Who some tirod aihee victimised a number of persons in Ballerat by his tpepous professions and fraudulent pWta'Kj.' The fell.-,-* hi? ci-rrird t-r ib; scr.u'i game at Geclong and Belfast, The real name of this knave is nol Roberta, but Henry Spencer, and he is ? clergyman who some time since in England received a sentence of two years' imprisonment for swindling. We are glad to hear that it is the intention of some of our local amateur dramatists to give a per formance in the course of two or three wteks in aid of the fund for establishing a Mechanic's Institute at Avoca, A better object there could scarcely be. We have not heard the name of the first piece, but believe the second will be the burlesque on Sir Walter Scott's ' Talisman,' written by a local author, MrCooke,for the' Royal,' at Melbourne, some years ago, which will be specially localised for the occasion. The amateurs will have the advan tages of an old favorite, Miss Madeline Maxwell, who has returned to the colony after a visit to Eng land. At the Handicap meeting of the Avoca Shire Turf Club, on Tuesday evening last, Ihe hortes for the two leading events were weighted as follows : For the Avoca Shire Handicap : Post Boy, 9st 4lb, Spip Set, Jack Sfit, B. A. 7»t 71b, Blair Athol 'at 21b, Lady Clare 7sl, Darkie 7st, Bonny Dundee 7at, Mariner'o Daughter (1st 121b, Eaglehawk Gst 10!b, Aggravstor Gst 71b, Kedhawk Gst 5ib, Devil skin 0-t 5!b. For the Free Handicap ; Postboy 9st 101b, Snip Oat Gib, Jack 8st Clb, Lalh Ost 41b, B. A.8»t3lb, Whalebone Bst 21b, Sir Walter Jbi 121b, Faugh a' Ballah 7«t 121b, Hlair Athol 7»t 8!b, Lady Clare 7st l!b, Mariner's Daughter 7»t 41b, Little King 7»t 41b, Bonny Dundee 7st 21b, Poor Mick 7fct, Little Horrtlc 7st, Both 7«t, Aggravator 7sl, Mubjc Gst 121b, Mots Rose Gst 121b, Siam Gat 121b, Banjo Gst 121b, Our Nell Gst 101b, Piuneur Gst 101b, Commodore Cbl 81b, Marmiou G»t 81 bi Jeannie Deans Gst 81b, Coninnc G&t; Ulb, Itedhawk Gst 71b, BareboncE Gst 71b, Skylark Gst 71b, Mari gold Get 71b, Eaglehawk Cat 71b, Eurin (Jarip Gst 71b, Eclipse Get Alb, Butcher Boy Get jib, Nelly Gray Ost filb, The Miller Cs,t 61b, Caritford Gst 41b, Devilskin Get 31b, Merry Kate Ost, Alice Gst, Tor mentor Gtt, Exile's Ghost ,'jst 101b. In the list of new insolvents umler vesting trder dated the 2{th February, is the following :— ' Jis. Dodd, of Avoca, cattle dealer. Causes of insol vency : Depression in trade, lotBes in business, and inability f collect dcbis. Liabilities, £422 3s Cd ; assets, £283 3° 5(1 ; deficitney, ^1.31, Mr Court ney, official assignee. Solicitor, Mr Cooke, Avoca. The Colonial Montldy for March, appears in a new garb of a rather sombre kind. The contents of this month's number, if not as bulky as usual, are of an entertaining description. 'The Miseries of [loyalty' is an article written by an author well conversant with liis subject. ' Freighted with Silver,' a tea tUetch, is very interesting. ' Long Odds,' a novel, the first two chapters of which appear in this month's number, bids fair to turn out a very readable stury. The proprietors, while expressing tbemtelies pleased with the succ^s already attained by the Colonial Monthly, look for a circulation still more extensive, add liave made arrangements to supplement their liierary btaff from England. It gives us great pleasure to note at a meel ing of the authorities of ihe Melbourne University, held on Saturday last, for the purpose of matriculating students, that two young geutlemen, Messrs James Holland and Mr John JolniBon, hailing from Avoca, were amongst Ihe few who passed their examination with 'credit.' A number of other students are men tioned simply as having ' passed.' We are happy to have to record the firnt attempt at piscatorial acclimatization made by a townsman, Mr Allans, n, of Hi^h htreet, who while in Mel bourne, about a fortnight ago, purchased half a doz. young golj and silver fish, which he afterwards set free in one of the permanent water holes in the Avoca river. Their tranr-port from Melbourne in a healthy condition entailed no littlo trouble upon Mr Allanson, and, as tome little return, we trust to tee his well meant efforts ultimately crowned' with mccesfi. An inquest was held by the district coroner at Bird's Hotel, Amphitheatre, on the 2nd inst., to learn the origin of the fire which broke out in a corn stack (comprising about 600 bushels of wheat and 30 tons of straw ) on the farm of Mr Jeremiah Johnson at Glenlogie, on the 10th of February last, at about half-past ten in the forenoon, whereby the largest portion of the property mentioned was destroyed. The out-buildings, consisting of a barn, tliree-ttalled stable, piggeries, and thirty rods of fencing, from their contiguity to the blazing corn suck, were aluo destroyed by the fire. The evi taken tended chiefly to relieve a neighbor of Mr Johnson (a fanner of the name of Bos-,) from a suspicion entertained by. the farmer that Ross had originated the fire. It appeared that some time in last May angry words had passed, between them about the cattle belonging to Ross having intruded on the land of Juhuson and been summarily ejected from it by Johnson's dogs, when words of warning are alleged to have been used by floss to. the effect that be (Johnson) had better look out for himself or be might have a match put to him.. Ross, however, ilenieJ ever using tho words im puted to him. There was no evidence whatever of any act of Hobs to connect him with the origin of the fire, and the wonts referred to were therefore1 only looked upon by I lie jury as a' sort of lirvium, fulmen. The jury returned an open verdict and expressed an unanimous opinion to the effect that it How had talked or a match to his neighbor Johnson, he did not mean a'lucifer.' It may be added that the evidence to some extent favored the view that the fire was accidental. The property destroyed was estimated by its owner at .£200 value. Scenes in the cemetery are at all times painful but when sorrowing friends attend the fruil remains of mortality to their final resting place and fir.d— as has frequently been the case here— that graves have to be enlarged on the spot through a too miserable economy of space in shortening the labor of the grave-digger, it is really too bad. Com plaints are bitterly made under this head, and some steps should be taken by the cemetery tr.istees to prevent their recurrence. The following licenses to occupy Crown Lands under the 42nd section of the Land Act, are no tified in the Government Gazette of the 2Blh Feb ruary as cancelled thrpugh npnpayment of rent :— ' For 6t. Arnaud and Landsborough ; Brain, J«., Carapooee, 7a Or 13p ; Duthie, George, Lands borough, 3a 3r 22p ; Edmunds, John, Unnamed, 12a2r0p ; Fitzgerald, D. K, Kirkeila, 37r 3r21p, Fitzgerald, William, Glenorchy, 69a Or Op ; Har Ifin, Alicbael, Evereley, 18alrS3p; Meyer, T. BoS.''! 'Boloki 19a'3r21p; Meyer, J. H'., Boola Boloker JOa 3r ?P{ Mickle, David, Unnamed, Morrell, William, Tphuter, 20a Or Op ; Start, Ed Ward, Crowlande, 20a Or Op; ' 6eaborn, Henry, Un H.nod,' ' For Avoca : -Ah Ping, Cltulogie, £1 Or Op ; Fritz, Carl, Glenlogie, 4a Or Op ; Turner William, Yehrip, 30a Or Op ; Townsing, Charles, Glenlogir, 10a Or Op.' Welsh, George, Glenlogie, 40a Or Op.' The Melbourne Illustrated Pott for February contains the usual number of well-executed engrav ings, amongst others the wreck of the General Grant on the Auckland Islands. The different tcenesin IVince Alfred's; tour in the neighbor ing colonies are engraved with considerable skill and vigor. Two. engravings representing the blow ing up of Clerkenwell Prison, are rather sensational, but as the Post is chiefly intended for transmission to England, the choice of such subjects appears to us like sending coals to Newcastle. At the last meeting of the Council of the Accli tnatizttion Society held on Tuesday last. Dr Black mentioned that he, in company with Messrs Sherwin, Godfrey and Purchas, had visited the Plenty Ranges during the last week, and had liber ated there several young English pheasants, Indian jungle fowls and guinea fowls ; and that from the fitness of the country, there was every reaion to believe that the birds would do «ell, The demand for flour at Young's Boader Mills, Bacchus Marsh, is so great just now that tbe men are obliged to work till a late hour at night. On Monday morning the steam was got up at one o'clock, in order to keep the supply something near tbe requirements of customers. The flour is of very nuperior quality, which re suppose is the reason fur tbe run upon it. We saw two samples of wheat with the miller which could not be beaten in the colony for weight and quality. — D.M. Guardian, Wild horses are become so numerous on the Bogan (M.S.W.) as to be a serious nnisance to the squat ters in that part of the colony. A station holder asserts that he saw on a recent occasion a mob of thtse brutes, numbering not less than 1000. Per sons who fence arc free from them, and as fencing progresses, the animals are forced to abandon their old walks and seek ' freah fields and pastures, and do not patronise posts and rails.' When ell en close their holdings, what is to be done with the wild horses . They must be got rid of some way. On a run the presence of 1000 or 1500 wild horses is anything but a joke to a squatter, who, as i8 oftentimes the case, is not blessed with an over supply of either grass or water. A cow of Mr H'm, Finch's, of Tjlden, had the extraordinary number of four calves, of full growth, one day last week, being three bulls and one heifer calf. They only lived a short time. The tame animal had twin calves twice previously, to that in the course of four years past she has given birth to tight calves altogether. She was rejred by Francis Kuberlsoi), Esq., formerly of Carlsruhc. The Castlemaine Daily Keica of Saturday last has the following : — ' The talk in town to-day is about the Rev. I*. Moore, of the Roman Catholic Church, Hargreave street, having voted twice at the late election. Referring to the Castlemaine roll we find that Mr Moore qualifies for the Cas tlemaine division !-y manhood and residence. On the Chewton roll he qualifies for properly, the same being the Roman Catholic Church of St Mary's. Mr Moore first recorded Ilia vote at Chewton, where he was asked ' if he had voted before at the Game election V and he replied in the negative, tie then came into town, it teems, and registered his vole at the municipal chambers, no question being there put to him, for the reason it would appear that l:e was well known as a Catholic resident. It must be stated, in justice to the Rev Mr Moore, that he alleges he was under the impression he was entitled to two votes. The act, ho.vever, is very stringent on this point, and it is well it should be known that for llius contravening the law the Rev Mr Moore has rendered himself liable to a penalty of £50.' Messrs Legge and Taylor's patent safety bridle and rein appear to increase in favor down country. The Ballarat Courier says, the patent bridle and rein were tried on Wednesday, according to pre vious intimation, at the Eastern Oval, prior to the commencement of the sports of the day. Mr Legge drove down to tbe Eastern. Oval in a four wheeled trap with a cult he had purchased in Mary borough, and driven from there, and which was perfectly quiet. The apparatus consists of a run ning check-piece, reeving through the ring of the snaffle bit, and the rein continuing through a swivel attached to Ihe throat strap as a secondary rein into the driver's hand*. By it the pressure is. brought to bear, not on the lower jaw of the horse as in other bits, but on the lender corners of the ?noutb. The hardest mouthed horse must give in to it. Mr Braytnn's horse, Che nos kee, was apain tried in the same harness, this time without winkers, and although he showed some disinclina tion to that at first, owing mostly to the crowd and band of the B.V.R., lie at last made a start and went three times round the course in first-rate style, notwithstanding that Mr Brayton plied the whip roost unmercifully to try and make him bolt, but through the whcle trial he was perfectly under control. As we understand that several of our market gardeners have made preparations to give a warm reception to the plunderers of their fruit-trees ,wlio were so successful iji their depredations last year, we would call thoir attention to the following: ? 'A man named Jphn M'Donald, in a recent at tempt to rob the garden of Mr Barrett, farmer of Murchison, met with a very unpleasant reception. While in the garden he came in contact with a loaded gun, which seems to have been suitably fixed for the purpose intended, as it exploded and lodged the charge in (he leg of the depredator. His cries attracted, the neighbors, and he wgs taken to the local hospital. It is considered that his leg will have to be amputated. Sentence of death was passed by the Chief Justice, at the Criminal Sessions yesterday, upon Bernard Cunningham, convicted of the murder of John Fairwealher, near Kellor, on the 23rd De cember last ; and upon John Williams, an Ameri can, who was found guilty of having committed s criminal assault upon Theresa Tiernan, aged twelve years. His Honor held out no hope of mercy in either case. Sentence of death was re corded against Jobn Edgar, convicted of a capital assault upon Flora Vickers, at Kyneton, but it was intimated that his Jife would be spared. The Custom House authorities, says the Age, have recently effected the seizure of a large amount of goods which will doubtless have a satisfactory effect in preventing import merchants defrauding t be revenue. A t present it is not desirable to pub lish names for obvious reasons, but from what 'has transpired publicly we are able to 'give Eomp fif the particulars. A Melbourne firm purchased in Lon don a large quantity of goods at a figure far below their value, and had tbe goods shipped to them. When the purchase was landed in Melbourne an invoice was presented at the Customs, bat- the authorities knowing a little about tbe real value of the articles enumerated in tbe invoice, refused to accept it as the correct one. A messenger was thereupon sent to tbe firm requesting tbe original invoice. Thejdemand waa iDstaotly complied with by an unsophisticated clerk, much to the dismay. of his employers. On comparing the two invoices, a discrepancy of some fifty per cent was found in favor of the importer. Tbe authorities at once intimated their intention of confiscating tbe goods and inflicting tbe fine of .£100 ellowed by law. Various reasons are urged by the authorities why the fine should not be inflicted, and documents have been produced in their favor, but uptil the receipt of advices from England no further action can be taken in the matter. The Age, alluding to the number of licenses for feited under the 42nd section of the Land Act has the following : — Glancing over, the columns; we meet some old familiar Dames, but it would not in all cases be safe to attempt identifying the bearers thereof. There is for example a John & Shaugh nessy, who scarcely be our portly friend the new M.L.C. William Henry Pettett is donn for a defaulter; so is Patrick Coatello. Robert J;. Glass has forfeited quite a string of allotments, and the naxe of J P. Glass is conspicuously frequent on the list. All tbe forfeited allotments will be proclaimed open for leasing at tbe several land offices on a day to be fixed hereafter. The Hay correspondent of the Pastoral Times lets to a little additional light upon the mysterious plate robbery : — ' Before tlie Hay Police Court on Monday, 24th ult., Charles Starlat, alias Alston, a middle aged man formerly resident on Mr Lang's station, was charged with being an accessory to a robbery of plate, the property of Colin Simpson Esq., J.P., the resprcled proprietor of Mungadel Station, formerly the property of Gideon S. Lang, Esq. It appeared that some time ago a quantity of plate and jewellery was stolen in a most mys terious manner from the dwelling of Mr Simpson, either on the evening preceding or oa the morning the family were going to Melb.ourne. An attempt to discover the perpetrators of the robbery failed and the matter remained enshrouded in mystery, until last Wednesday evening circumstances oc curred which threw some light upon it. Some time after dark, it is said, a man appeared at the garden fence at Mungudal ; his face was covered with crape and he carried a gun. He asked to see Mr Simpson ; and he went out and on asking what he wanted, the man said that if Mr Simson would give him a hundred pounds he would bring the plate to him as he knew where it was planted. He denied being in any way connected with the robbery. After some time he agreed to take fifty sovereigns, but refused to take a cheque as he ob served that it might be stopped at the bank. On Friday evening, he again came to Mungadel and brought with him the jewellery as promised ; Mr Simpson having meanwhile got the fifty sovereigns and marked each of them with a file, so that he might identify them if ever required to do so. tie gave him them in a pnrse, and oh the man asking for a book he gave him a Bible. Alston the pri soner then went away, but on Saturday the police having come to hear something about tbe matter, Senior Countable Hurley and Constable Harper succeeded iu arresting him near the Sixteen Mile Gums on Sunday. He was riding a horse and leading a pack-horse, and was at first very bounce able to the police. In searching the swag they found the fifty marked sovereigns, ajso the Bible. These, of course, Mr Simson could identify, but he could not positively swear to the prisoner, on ac count of his wearing black crape, The prisoner denied all knowledge of the robbery, and was remanded for tlie production of further evidence.' The Gazette of Tuesday last contains a notice that collectors of agricultural statistics have been engaged siuce the 1st inst. in procuring paticulars respecting the cultivation, live stock, &c;, in all tbe districts throughout the colony, and have been instructed to pay a personal visit to all occupied lots of purchased or leased land of a larger extent than one acre. Th-ir returns are due at the Registrar-General's office by the 1st April next. Any occupiernot called upon prior to that date is requested to notify the same to the Regisfar General in order that steps may be taken to rectify, the omission. A curious announcement was recently made in a parish church in Nottinghamshire, whereby the congregation were somewhat surprised. The clerk gave opt the following notice:— 'I hereby give notice that the Duke of Portland's rent day will be held at tlio Swan Hotel, Mansfield, on Tuesday, the 31st of October;' and adding without any pause, f Let us sing to the praise and glory of: God.' It appears that the Duke's agent had re quested the cltrk to inform the tenants that the rent day would be on October 31, and that worthy old gentleman thoughf that by announcing it from the desk would be the best means of giving it publicity. ' ° A preat deal of discomfort arises from over sensitiveness about, wl at people may say of you or your actions This requires to 'be blunted. Con sider whether anything you can do will have much connection wiih what they will say. And, besides it may he doub'rd wbe'her they will say anything, at all about you. Many unhappy persons seem to, imagine that they are always in an amphitheatre with the assembled world as spectators ; while all Hie world they are playing 10 is empty benches. They fancy too they are the theme of every passer by. If, however, they must listen to, imaginary conversations about themselves, they might, at any rate defy the proverb and insist upon hearing them selves well fpoken of. Under date ' Baltimore, Nov. 14,' the Neu York lribune gues the following :—' About twelve o'clock today, as E. A. Pollard, the his torian, of ' Lee and His Lieutenants,' was pas sing in front of the Mnlthy House, , he was ap proached by a eon and naphew of Henry. A, Wise, named John snd Douglas Wise, each of whom fired a shot at Polltrd, one of the shots passing thrnusb his riaht arm, he having his wife on his loft arm at the time. Pollard at once drew his pistol, but was unable.' to raise it to give * return firp, on account of the wound he had received, and the ball from the weapon struck tbe pavement. The Wises came up from Richmond this morning to obtain satisfaction from Pollard', for a letter recently published by the latter in reply to a letter of Henry A. Wise on his (Pollard's) « History of the War,'* and had previously declared.flieir inten tion to shoot him nt sight. This afternoon John and Joe Douglas Wise were arraigned before the magistrate, and waiving an examination, they were bailed in 3,000 dpls. each to appear before the Brand jury. Mr Pollard's wound ib severe, the bone being shattered, but is not necessarily dan gerous. He is now doine well. '' 