STflBEAT PARIS FRUIT SHOW. As yoa have already published at - lennUi an account of the display of fruits at the Pomological Congress, it will not bonccessar on this occasion to enter into great detail as to the kinds of fruits now on view at the ex hibition. Suffice it to Bay that the collection comprising as it does the fruit shown at the rnnrrress. ia an exceedingly large one. The hoases . and covered way devoted to fruit throughout the season are now at last as full as they can hold, while others of greater size are equally occupied. Thus the showily decorated pavilion in tho centre of the garden has been cleared, furnished with benches, and now con tains about 500 feet run of bench, accommedat in¥ sis rows of pears and apples as thickly placed «s they can stand ; and sometimes, in addition, heavy baskets of magnificent pears arranged along at the back. Here are placevl tho ]ar'o collections of Baltet of Troy-is, and Croux of Sceaux, large fruit-tree supplying nurserymen, ns well as of several horticultural bocietics, tho wholo being well arranged, eaon kind neatly named by having a small label pasted on it. In many cases, however, the names of tho exhibitors are not given. To describe in dividual fruits or dishes of fruit wonld meroty be to give a string of adjoctives filling many columns, for not a few of the exhibitors show several hundred kinds of pears, and tho marvo; is that, with fow exceptions, they are of superb quality. B is not only tho extent but tho chui acter of tho display that astonishes tho English visitor as lionse after houso and stage aftoj staoe of frait is seen, Even in the pavilion there is enough of fruit to .mako a fine show, and tho saaio applies to the Palm-house, where M. Andro Leroy, of Angers, occupies nearly a fourth of tho space with many hundred varieties, of pears aud npples in fine condition. Jr.miii and Darand, Cochet, DeBeine, and most of ths creat fruit--n-owing nnrserymon, exhibit enoi moua collections. It is not only by tho sizr of the very large kinds, lfko Uvodalo's St. Cm mam, that vro arts surprised— imiJorted spec mens of these' have often been soon as large at London fruit shows— but by tho generally increased size, nnd greater depth aud beautyot color, of the smaller and medium-sized varieties. This pear question is in a curious state at present, some contending that it is tho climate of Prance which gives tho French superiority in hardy fruit« ; others, like, the ' London Market Gardener' in the Times, that French pears aro 'coarse, granular, and iu3ipid 1' One contends that it is tho heat of tho sun that makes French pairs 'hard ;' another, that i is the 'samo heat that gives them their su periority. I can state from, experience that tho flavor of French pears is in every way equal to their nppeaarnce, and that it is absurd 10 endeavor to prove that our climate is better suitedfor tho culture of this magnificent fruit. If, according to somo, we have the finest cii mata for tho pear, how is it that wo do not grow it as cheaply and well as the French ': How is it that Oovent Garden is obliged to bay so largely from them ? How is it that , really good pears aro only obtainable by the wealthier classes in London ? The truth is; that wo aro as far behind' tho French in the cnltnre of tho pear as wa. are. before them in that of tho Pelargonium and green house or .stove plants ; wo have already learnt much from them, and have much more to loam. Their climate I believe to be finer for the fruit tluin ours, but that faot is simply a reason why we should pay the more attention to tho wants of the trees. To suppose that becauso the climate hero is better, tho i rencli may leave the trees _' to Nature' more than wo do, or tako less troublo with them, would be a great mistako, and one likely enough' to bo incurred by persons who have hot visited this country. The French attend much more to their trees in every way than we do. Their most usual mode of training is the pyramidal fora, which we have adopted from them so os tensivoly. Thoy uso the quince as a stock to a considerable extent, but they are aware that though very valuable on humid soils, it is worthless upon vast areas exactly suited to tho wants of tho pear grown on the pear stock. It is certainly an inestimable: boon to havo a choice of stocks, which wo may adapt to tho two different sets of circumstances ?; but it strikes mo that tho ad - vantage is more for tho private or amatem grower than tho fruit-buying public. For it, wo ought, I think, to havo more ' special cnl turo,' and in tho case of tho pear cultivato it to a large extent on tho pear stock in soils suited to itB wants ; and there are many thou sand acres now devoted to less lucrative crops that would snit it to a nicety. What I moan will be best understood by a roference to the peaches at Montrouil. There by growing very oxtensively, and paying special attention to ? the peach, they aro enabled to supply good poaches tn every restaurant in Paris, andl am cer tain that a similar system adopted ia England would make good fruit familiar to tho middle and working classes in our largo towns, and render us loss dependent en tho Continent than we aro at present. I may here stato that tho vaiiety of cordon forms, and many fancy methods of training aro not in general favor with the good French frnit grower. They have been so mncb advocated by seme writers in England, that I came here with the impression that they were everywhere to be seen ; ho such thing. The only cordon that I have seen give a really good result is the simple horizontal bofore alluded to by nio. This simple horizontal cordon might be adopted in both large and small English, Irish and Scotch gardens with the best results. It is, I think, very much mora certain of suc cess and e{ giving satisfaction than. tho small bush apples of the same stock — tho Paradise. Tho pear is grown also as a horizontal cordon, and I havo seen it fertile in that way ; but re cent visits to French fruit gardens havo con vinced me that the pear as a simple cordon is not to be recommended. On the other hand, what I havo said of the horizontal cordon is confirmed; A border covered with lines of those, rather close together, will eventually prove a most useful feature in the good Eng lish fruit garden, no matter what our present opinion abont tho matter muy bo. With the pear as a pyramid (on the Quince in small gardens, and where tho soil and climato aro suitable, on tho pear stock for general cultiva tion), and with simple useful forms on walls, like thosa under Mr Powell's care in tho Royal Gardens at Frogmoro (whero by the way the quince is in no favorj, we might, genorally speaking, bo pretty safe for crops of good garden fruit. For tho supply of tho people who now usually get their fruit bad and dear, an im proved system of orcharding, and increased facilities of carriage is the great want. To ' plant orchards' of cordons with tho hope of benefiting anybody but the nurserymen who sell thorn, would be absurdity itself. Tho simple, and, so to speak.natural forms that tako care of of themselves to a great extent are the ones bested suited both for England and Franco. To return to tho exhibition : tho apples, though not nearly so numerous as regards the number of varieties as the pears, are wonder fully fine and handsomo — many of.the very best having been gathered from tho horizontal cordon that I advocate Altogether five structures are devotad to tho exhibition of pear3 and apples alone, aud some miscellaneous matters which I have no space to mention. The long covered way dovoted to boscs, vegetables, and fruits all the season, is now nearly filled with grapes, mostly those kinds grown for wine, and in which we have little or no interest. ' Tha culti vation of the vino indoors Is not at all under stood by tho French gardener. By far the best grapos in the Exposition- aro shown by Mr Knight of Pontchartrain, who displays in fine condition many of the best known English kinds, and with them splendid specimens of tho Chasselas Napoleon — a grape noble in bunch and berry, which ought to be procured and grown by all good grape growers in England. A rod of the vine is shown, thickly suspending its beautiful well-shaped bunches, and equally disposed clear yellow, oval ber ries, as big as those of a Muscat. There are not many pines shown, but of theso somo are very good, though »ot better, if so good, as the fine onos which may be often seen in the window of the great purveyor of fish, fruit, &c;, in the Palais Royal. It is too late for French poaches to be shown in good condition, though one or two large dishes of fine fruit WMe sont by growers from Montreuil. I havo before spoken of two handsome specimens of perfectly trained peach trees in the garden; but during the past few weeks another speci men lias been added, which deserves mention here. It is the finest and most perfectly trained peach tree I have ever seen, perfectly fnrnisbad with capital, well ripened wood, and in all respects perfect. To show this treo the exhibitor has had to sacrifice it— the branches of one side being cut off near their union with tho stem to save space in convey ance, and placed again in position when tho treo was placed in the garden, tho other and exactly corresponding side being left intact. ? The 'branches of this start from the erect stem in an exactly opposite manner, and after running their allotted disiuice, hori zontally, ascend straight to the top of the wall, eaoh uppor branch shortening of course. Tho lower and all- enclosing lino of branches is about sixty feet long, tho tree twelve feet high, and a model in every respect. Its pe cn'iiarity, as compared with our best specimens, is that the wood is as good, as fertile, and as strong at tha base of tho long branches as at the top, indeed stronger. It seemed better and thicker the nearer it grow to tho base «f. the branch, the thick central stem being clothed with young shoots to its very base, so that the tree was a masterpiece This tree is eleven years of age, and has for about four years been at about its present size. This may be the proper placo to mention that I have lately seen a method of training pears which is very simple, and, I think, woil worthy of extensive uso. It consists merely of trees with an erect central stem giving off two pairs of branches oppositely ; theso branches ascend obliquely, and tho trees being planted rather close, tho branches crosu and support each other. They aro in fact solf-supporting espaliers, tho branches being tied together with willow twigb. ? This thing I havo seen in good workihff order, nnd beliovo it to bo worth a dozen of the simple cordon system for pears, .because the troo is allowed something more than a chance for a contortod development, and thero is no expenso for supports ; the ugly ap-. peoranco too often presented by the rough sap ports frequently used for such is also prevented. Thoy will form capital things for running along the backs of borders, -fcc.,and may bo employed in many ways. I may add that thero aro enny exhibitions of hardy' fruit about here now. The display six days every week in tho central market is enormous and very fine. Great quantities of fine though not solected fruit are sent in small shallow baskets, which merely afford a base on which to pile up a lot of about twenty-fivo larce fruits. They are then covered with long straw, and tied snugly and safely with twine over it, just in tha way tho French pack their oysters. This may seem a trifling point, but it is a really important one; for' everything which facilitates the cheap and quick transit of fruit, or oven of tho empty baskets which havo conveyed fruit, is a gain to tho fruit bnying pnblic. Being very shallow, und of an oval shape, theso baskets mi;y bo sent back, if desired, in a very small Bpnco, and cost a more trifle in tho , beginning. Twenty-five good pears in these may be bought for from two francs to. two and a half francs. _ Of courso, there are many other ways of 'sending, and many other prices for selling, the choicest 'fruit; but I merely mention this because it seems a convenient way for tho middle and working classes of fruit buyers in towns.— W. R., Gardeners' Chronicle. A ?Wonperfut. Woman. — Till within n few years provious to the commencement of tlie present: century, a complete specimen of tho hardy Celtic race remained, who inhabited a cottago on the borders of the Llanb'erris. Lake. This was Margaret Uch Evan, of Penllyn, tho greatest hunter, shooter, and fisher of her time. She kept at least a dozen or two of dogs, ter riers, greyhounds and spaniels, all excellent in their kinds. She killed more foxes in one year than all tho confederate hunts did in ten ; rowed stoutly, and was queen of the lake ; fiddled excellently, and knew all the old Welsh music ; nor did she neglect the meohauic arts, for sho was a vory good- joiner ; and; notwith standing sho was seventy years of ags, \?us the best wrestler of her time, few young men daring to try a fall with her. For many years sho had a maid of congenial qualities ; ' bnt death, that mighty hunter,' as Pennant re marks,, 'at last earthed this faithful com panion. '—Land and Water. Marvels in America ? We copy a few items of news from the American papers : — A train on the North-western Hailroad, ia tho western part of . Iowa; was recontly delayed ona hour and a quarter by grasshoppers, which covered the track so thick that tha engine-drivers slipped on tho rails. There was a sovero hail storm in Cheriango county, New York, and the Binghampton Republican says of it: — ' Tho storm came on with a-ich forco that the hail dug the potatoes and the rain washed them ready for cooking, and the corn waa husked ready to break from tho stalk.'— An American says that a party of travellers who havo been exploring along tho Yellow Stono river, in tha far north-weat, ro port that on eight miles of the country there aro tho most wonderful volcanic appearances, blue flames issuing''frbm tho ground, accom panied by a strong whistling sound, craters abounding in every direction and streams of molten brimstone. Hell was tho naino they gave this nowly discovered country. Extraordinary Strike. — A Ghost in x Coal-pit. — At Shirland Colliery, near Alfre ton, Derbyshire, lately, while the men were (is usual working down' the pit, one of them asserted that he had seen a ghost. The apparition was described as 'in shape like a man.' Instantly the news was spread throughout tho pit. Soon tho busy occupations ceased, and the colliers trooped together, with horror- stricken countenances, demanding to be taken to tho bank. When those who were below had thus loft work, and had come to the surface, thoy met tho ' day shift' pre paring to descend. The story was told, and, as tho nows spread from mouth to mouth, a simi lar horror to that which prevailed below seemed to be communicated. The day men refused to go down, and all tho colliers thereupon re: turned to their homes. In this wav nearly two liundred men and boys havo ' laid them selves idle,' aud tho ghost presumably holds possession of tho pit. A collier was acciden tally killed in ono of the workings lately. — Weekly Dispatch. Extraordinary Adventure. — Tho Italian Consul has sent to the British Consulate (at Constantinople) a young English sailor, brought to Constantinople on board tho Italian barque San Ciriaco, of Ancona, which had picked him up at soa under singular circum stancos, recalling ono of tho half- romantic half-humorous incidents in Captain Marryat's novels. On tho afternoon of Friday, 6th Sep tember, the barqnOj while some ten miles from shore off Capo Degat, on the coast of Spain, hearing repeated cries for help a long way off to windward, hauled tho ship to, lowered a boat and sent it in the direction from which the voice seemed to come, and about half a mile off the boat fell in with a man with his head only above water, who turned out to bo a young English sailor named William Blank, a native of Sal combe. It appears that Blank wns a lmud on board the Ocean Bride, bound for Newcastle, from Agostere in Greece, that he had been dissatisfied with the treatment he recoived, and that a fellow-sailor, a Frenchman, who shared his dissatisfaction, persuaded him, when the ship was off the Spanish coast, to jump overboard and swim ashore— first buoying themselves up with aorks. Accordingly, at 9 o'clock on Thursday night, 5th September, they carried their adventurous plan into execu tion. The Frenchman was a good swimmer, but Blank could notswimat all, and was merely supported by his corks. The Frenchman swam ahead, towing Blank with a line towards the shore for about a mile, when he pretended to be seized with cramp and cast off tho English man, who then remained bufteting the waves for eighteen hours, till picked up by tho Italian .barque on the following afternoon, so exhausted that ho had to be hoisted on board. Several vessels had passed him unnoticed, till his voice from the deep reached tho ears of Captain Belloni, who treated him with the greatest kindness all the way to Constantinople. Tho master of the Sarah Watson, bound for Sunderhnd, being in tho Consulate for tho purpose of procuring a hand while Blank was relating his adventures, overlooked tho breach ! of discipline, and deeming the Salcombe man a plucky fellow, shipped him at -once fer the voyaga to' England. — Levant Herald. 