f.OfiAT. COURTS. Adelaide: Wednesday. Jdne3. IBcfore Mr. 11. & Downer, 8.M., and the Hons. U. ti. Everard, M.L.C., and J. Hodgkiss, M.L.C.I FtTT,r. jnnTsnrfrnnv fnrvn.V Two unsatisfied judgments were disposed of. Thomson V. McKAY.-For £41 4s., for schooling. Mr. Hotcheltfor the plaintiff, and Mr. Mildred for the defendant. Referred to the arbitration of the Special Magistrate ; defendant to pay costs. Shiei.Ii t. Spencer.— For £37 0s. 2d., for work and labour done. Mr. Buodey for the plaintiff, and Mr. J. W. Downer for the defendant, who ^pleaded a set-off of £20 10s. 6}d., and paid £1 lSs. [lid. into Court. Verdict for the plaintiff for the I sum. paid into Court. NORMANVltLR: WEDNESDAY. MAY 27. P. Dunn, J. iMcEntee. and M. Clark, on the information! of Police-trooper Laurence, were fined, with costs— the two former £1 13;. each, and the latter £1 Ss.— for being guilty of riotous anil disorderly conduct in Yankalilla Township on Sunday. May 17. R. Burgis was charged by Emily Burgh, his wife, with using violent threats towards her and her children, and thut she believed him to be a lunatic unfit to be at large. Information dis missed. CIVIL SIDE. Ayris v. Holmes.— Claim for £5 10s., for a cow. Plea, admits £4 4s. lid., balance of account paid into Court. Verdict for plaintiff for full amount claimed and costs. Pascoe V. Bb»ant.— Claim 17s. 6d., lialance of account for beer. Plea, not indebted. Verdict for defendant. MobphettVale: Wednesday. May 27. I Before Mr. K. J. Peake, S.M.I HA3KELL V. (JKEGGd.-For £5 Os. 6d., for wheelwright's work. Defendant appeared and paid £3 into Court, but denied the balance of debt. The evidence showed the contract between the parties, and that the wheels ma^e in that bargain by plaintiff were of inferior unseasoned timber and workmanship. Verdict for £3. amount paid into Court; plaintiff to pay costs of the day. FULL JUUISDICTION. [Before Messrs. K. J. Peake, sj.JL, James Clarke, J.P.. and Richard Budgen. J.P.] ilocAUT v. Wkllboubne.— For £21 10a. 5d.. storekeeper's account. Defendant appeared, and said he was not indebted. Mr. Anderson, for de fendant, said his client disputed every item of the account. The Special Magistrate said this was a mere question of account, and hod better be re ferred. Plaintiff and defendant agreed to refer to Mr. James Daniels, of Morphett Vale, whose decision would be entered as the judgment of the Court; costs to abide the event and the costs in the cause. Hocakt V. Flanagan.— For £3 4s. 7d., store keeper's account. Defendant admitted the debt, and asked for time. To pay deit and costs at the rate of 20s. ner month. C1UUINAL SrDE. (Before Mr. E. J. Peake, S.M.I Budgbn v. Uuthinson.— Information for illegal rescue of one sow and three pigs, lawfully im pounded by informant. Defendant pleaded not guilty. Mr. Kiehard Budgen said on May 11 he Kent his son to take a sour and three pigs to the Horseshoe Pound. The pigs hod been trespassing on his place. Before they got to the Pound defen dant released them. Corroborated by Richard James Budgen, John ttudgen, and Thomas Barber. Mr. Anderson, fur defendant, objected that the pigs were not b.-ing led or driven to the Pound, and that taking the pigs in a catt to the Pound was an illegal way of impounding under clause 14 of No. 8. 1S5S. The Special Magistrate ruled that the pigs were properly taken to the Pound, hut was quite willing toieserve the point if Mr. Anderson wished. The Court fined defendant &»., and costs 27s. tM.-in all £1 12s. tM UODGKN V. HnTCHlSSojf. — Information for assault. Defendant pleaded guilty. Mr. Anderson tendered an apology on aehalf of defendant, which was accepted, and defendant agreed to pay -0s. costs. Budge* v. Fkatherstone.— Information for assisting in an illegal rescue of one sow and three pigs on May II, when being taken to Pound by informant. The evidence was the same as in the lirst case— Budgen v. Hutchiusou. Mr. Anderson contended that hU client could not l-e punished for aiding and abetting, inasmuch as some one else had already been punished fur the illegal rescue, and the remedy under the Act was not cumulative. The Special Magistrate said it appeared there remained another who deserved punishment. If the defendant was the Bervan t of the person already punished he could see the force of the objection; but if the defendant wad an independent peison who came to assist another in doing an illegal act he must take the consequences, and he therefore lined defendant or., but would suspend his final decision till next Court-day, as this was the first case of the kind he had heard. Farrell V. UKYN0LD3.-The Special Magistrate committed defendant to Adelaide tSaol for :!0 days for nonpayment of fine and costs inflicted February £U. 1SU8. Blikman: Monday, May 25. [Before Mr. U. t!. Swan. I James Purdie was charged by Police-trooper J. B. Porter with having attempted to stab him self. From the evidence given by the trooper it appeared the prisoner wan at the t'tne under the influence of drink, and that it was more as a mad threat than with any real intention. The Magis trate with a caution discharged the prisoner. Blinman: TuuhSDAY, May 2S. I Before Mr. U. C. Swan.] John Cockings was charged being drunk and disorderly at the mine, and lined 10s. Civil Sittinqh.— The following U the cause list for the Civil Sittings, which are to be presided over by His Honor the Chief Justice:— Tuesday, June 9. Bruce— 1. Clark and Another v. Forbes— Brook. Bruce— 2. Acraman andOthersv. KiiiRer— Whitby. Bruce-3. Bank of Adelaide v. Shannon and Others— Robinson. Wednesday, June 10. Strangways — 1. Aahraeade v. Mais— BakewelL Daly— 5. Ryan v. Gibbs -Scott. Whitby -rj. Clarke and Another v. Chamberlain— Stuckey. Thursday, Jujtcii. Bruce— 7. Wiles v. Sowton— Brook. Mttnn-8u Young v. Ashby— Parker. Friday, June 12. Brook— 9. Bean v. South Australian Insurance Cotnnany-Labatt (Special Jury). Bruce— 10. Cherry and Another v. Kankine— Brook. Wigley— 1L Cherry v. National Bank— Daly. Tuesday, June id. Burton— 12. Lcake v. Sutherland— Brook. ROMAN CATHOLIC FESTIVAL ON WHIT MONDAY AT GAWLER.— A correspondent has sent us the following :-The holidays of last week, including the Queen's birthday and two days' horse racing, would have left us without any celebration of one of the most ancient holidays of the Christian Church, but for the considerate recognition of it by the worthy and much- esteemed pastor of the Roman Catholic body, Father Reynolds, who planned in a spirit of great liberality a day's enjoyment for the younger branches of his flock on Whit Monday. Early on Monday morning the flag of the Gawler Young Men's Society was seen waving on the breezy tummit of Church Hill, near the Presbytery, and at 10 o'clock nine wagons with sundry lighter conveyances and a small squadron of horsemen were assembled at the spot, the former freighted with the children and teachers of the ''Christian DoctrineConfraternity, with sundry assistants to the number of 200 of whom 135 were joyous juveniles. After singing the 'Hymn of the Confraternity' and 'The Soug of Australia,' the whole started in procession for Mr. JamesKain's farm, about four miles down the Gawler River, the beautiful banner of the Confraternity with its motto Oportet nos in Cruce gloriari leading the way, and national flags gracing other parts of the cavalcade. The catechumens who had been admitted to baptism at Easter were, according to the early usage of the Church, habited in white, 'as emblematic of the spiritual purity which the rite of baptism is supposed to confer;' and hence, according to the best etymology, the name Dominica Alba, or White Sunday, the Jewish Feast of Pentecost, when the Apostles were 'baptized with the Holy Ghost and with fire,' and began their ministry by baptizing 3,000 persons. In early times Easter and Whitsun Eve were specially set apart for the cere mony of baptism, and an ancient manuscript homily in the Harleian collection informs us that —'In the begynnyng of Holy Chirch all the children weren kept to be crystened en this even at the font-hallowing; but now, for enchesone that in so long abydynge they might dye without crystendome, therefore Holy Chirch ordeyneth to crysten at all times of the yeare; save eyght dayes before these evenyns the chylde shalle abyde till .the font-hallowing, if it may savely. for perrill of death, or ells not.' The readers of Strutt; Brady, or Brand will be aware that in process of time this solemn season of the Church was converted by the vulgar among our forefathers into one of excess and intemperance, forming a striking contrast to the pleasing and rational commemoration of it under description. Arrived at Buncrana Park, the sylvan farm of Mr..Kain, which was rendered more than usually picturesque and attractive by numerous flags waving welcome, the young among the visitors betook themselves to various sports and exercises, while the elderly portion were engaged in spreading tables with ' most abundant fare, brewing the cup that cheers without alloy, carving poultry for appetites too delicate for beef, ham, &c.;, and getting ready sweets for a dessert, all provided by their generous pastor, whose attentions throughout the day to his flock were indefatigable. Music, vocal and in strumental, occasionally enlivened the hours which passed rapidly over one of the most delightful of our autumnal days. I should mention on enteringthe grounds the Confraternity sang Cardinal Wiseman's beautiful ode ' God bless the Pope,' and in leaving at 4 o'clock they sang the 'Song of Australia' and the National Anthem, giving cheers for Mr.Kain. The party, after a day of enjoyment without the least draw back, reached the Presbytery at sunset, where they sang the evening hymn, concluding with cheers tor the Queen, Pope, the worthy pastor, and the teachers. A quantity of the broken victuals was'considerately distributed the following morning among the poor of St. Peter's and St. Paul's con gregation. The Confraternity has for President the Rev. Father Reynolds; Vice- President, Mr. L. Purcell. jun. ; Secretary. Mr. James Callagan, its object being the imparting religious instruc tion to the young on the Sabbath afternoons, and it is but justice to their zealous teachers and catechists on my part (not being of their com munion) to testify to the moral and socially bene ficial influence among the young of so judicious an institution. 