TAILORS. I The poets, in celebrating the praises of spring1, have laid special stress on its quality of decorating all things afresh, everything then becomes in new liverv <lad, and all of it is due to vernal in fluences. Lke Christmas, however, spring and its attendant advantages come onlv once a year. But look at tailors. They can make spring all the year round, frus trate the co I iDriiffwnee of the gods, baffle the continuity of the seasons, and turn you out a brand-new set of clothes in the very m ddle of winter. It is supposed to be man's lofty destiny and vocation to subdue nature; and so it is. But it is the tailor that does it for him. We have all heard of the time of vear when tbe wanton lapwing gets himselt another crest, and when a young man's fancy turns to thoughts of love. But, thanks to tailors, the wanton lapwing can now jget himself another crest in any and every -month out of tbe twelve 5 and, thus equipped, can turn bis fa'.cy to thoughts 6f love in Januarv just as well as in May. Tbe con sequence is, that he does so. Birds, assisted only by clumsy Mother Nature, pair but once a year Men, assisted by tailors, strive to pair all tbe year round. More than that. Not only do tailors enable men to do so at times when other . animals, for want of fresh crests, cannot i dream of allowing themselves such an in i duigence, but they positively pr jmpt them | to that highly desirable line of action. Many a man, w o has most innocently ordered himself a fresh suit, and into whose modest head it never before entered to try his luck in love-making, has suddenly become so enamoured of himself on seeing his manly figure draped in new and re splendent garments, as to allow the plea sing suspicion to grow up in his mind that his clothes might possibly make him as agreeable to some fair damsel as they have just succeeded in making him to himself. In some instances it is more than a sus picion-indeed, it is evrn more than a con vie ion. It is a passion, a mania, a governing impulse, driving the man to go and play the gallant there an i then. We have alreadv given ampin reason why men sli mid feel bonn^cg »ratitnde to,tailors j but here we suddenly com'1- upon reasoa for women b^inji eqwailv «ra"eful. B 'tween them, will 'hey not have the decency to re move tbe stigma which has so long attached to their benefactors ? Whv not erect a public s*atue with, on the pedestal, some such inscription a= this:-"To Tailors: From the Men and Women of England." Bu-, if the statute be not feasible, let the name at least of tailors be cleared from reproach. It is an ape peculiarly given to the rehabilitation of injured reputations. Henry VIII., Tiberius, Nero, Blue Beard, have already profited bv this character istic of the period. How many shady reputations have not tailors rehabilitated ! And shall they alone, of all people, find no one to do them justice? Ordinarily speaking, tnev do not even attempt to do for themselves what they perform so lavishly for others But we have hear < of one instance, which will alone suffice to show how, if they choose to confine the advantages of their noble art to themselves, they migbt cut-in its secondary sense the whole of the human race, A distin guished client of a distinguished tailor was being married under circumstances of do mestic affliction, which made it necessary that tbe ceremony and its attendant festivities should be, as the phra«e is, ex ceedingly quiet. Round the alfar rails, accordingly, were but few witnes- es, but among tbem, ex officio, was the tailor who made the bj*idegio>m eq'ial to the occasion. At the dose of the m »rriaire service, the lady who was giving the wedding-break fast, and who, by tbe way. was no iess a personage than a duchess, thought it in cumbent upon her to invite one or two of the gentleme n present, though she did not happen to know them. She looked round. saw a remarkabiv well-dressed man stand ing rattier afar off, and invited him. He had the presence of mind to accept her grace's invitation, but the good sense not to avail himself of it. She had innocently invited the bridegroom's tailor. The true story is but an illustration of the indubi table fact, that tailors obtain for thousands of men coveted invitations which oth^r wisri they would not tiave a ghost of a chance of receiving, and which tailors could, if they liked, procure exclusively for themselves. That they do so much for us and so little for tiemselves fills us with an overwhelming painful sense of our own inferiority and dependance, and oi their unrivalled virtues and self denial. We. could cover pages in trying to exhaust the considera.ion of their merit*,; but we must content ourselves wit i: mentioning only just one more of their' claims to public esteem. To some young men thev act almost, if not entirely, in loco parentis. When hard-hearted fathers; refused to give tieir well-droned son another shilling, when tight-fisted uncles cannot be p: evaded up >n to come down handso.uely any longer for their dashing nephew, penurious mothers dec'are that they h;»ve given their darling boy the la-t ten-p iuuu note tbey can spare, when even mai len aunts close their lax purse strings! and give an ominous shake to their vene-: rable heads, the tailor step* in and plays the pan oi the go d Samaritan. Fa bers, fnotheis. unclts, aunts, guardians, Lord Chancellors, may fail aw.ty, but »e will never abandon his client. H.e still will; dress him, and sail--still will give him credit. More than that; he will providei iim with 8hi?t<\---<tuds, sleeve links, cigar-j cases, even cigars. Gould fidelity be morej constant, or friendship more perfect? Nay, he has been known to provide him spare cash-money down. Nor even here does his tender care come to an end. The young gentleman, supposing: him to be in the military branch of her Majesty's service, is suddenly ordered to the wars. His father is quite willing that he should go. So are his uncles; so are his aunts; so even are bis mother and sisters. But his faithful friend, the tailor, will not hear of his bein? exposed to the dangers of a campaign or to the perils of a battle-field. He forribly prevents him from going. To prate about I >amon and Pythias, or Nisus and Eurvalus, after thid is a mockery. Modern life requires no such worn ou*'. | instances of touching affection. Tailors provide fresh ones for us all the vear! round. Imperial Review. A HUSBAND in TROUBLE.-Last Tuesday night, as Mrs. Stansbury was about to b ing a bucket of water from the hydrant, sbe found an old basket suspended from the knob of the front door. Putting her hand.into the basket she found some thing " alive and kicking," but so en veloped in soft material that no further discovery could be made without unwrap ping the object. A piece of paper, folded like a letter, lay beside the animate bundle. Mrs. Stanbury very quickly turned into the house, and by the light of the lamp sbe examined the billet. It was addressed to her husband. In a great state of ex citement she broke the seal, and read as follows:-''To Joe Stanbury-Sir-I send you little Tommy, which you will please take good care of, and bring up right, so that it may turn out to be better than its daddy. Oh, what a sly rake you are! Who would think that sucb a staid, sober old spindle-shanks could be such a tearing down sinner, took at it-it is Joe Stan bury all over. You deceived me shame fully-letting on to be a widower: but now do a father's part. Your broken hearted Nancy. P.S.-Don't let that sbarn-nosed wife of yours see this letter. Gammon her with some kind of a story about matters and things." Mr. Stanbury was in the basement kitchen, quietly easing his supper, and little did he imagine what a storm was brewing overhead. The door of the kitchen staircase was violently thrown open, and Mrs. S. yellei out angrily, " Stansbury, you villain, come up h^re j here's a mess ior you.' The asto nished "tansburv very hastily washed his mouth and obeyed the summons in a burrv. " Don't you want to see Nancy the dear, broken-hearted Nancy?" cried Mrs. Stansburv, when her guilty husband h ibbled into the room. " Nancy!-what Nanct's that V said the sly old rogue, in feigned peipl-xity. " Why, Nancy, the mother of Tommy that has been hung at the door, Mr. Stansbury. Ah, you look mighty innocent; but just read that letter, and then look into that basket. Don't be afraid; it won't bite-it's got no teeth, poor thing! You'll know it, for it's just like yoa-all over. And, please good ness, I'll expose you before everybody I know." And in less than five minutes Mrs. Stansbury collecrei a room full of spectators to witness the proceedings. Anxious expectation sat upon every coun tenance as the enraged lady tore away cloth alter cloth from the body of the foundling, the vigorous movements of whic t astonished everybody. "It is full ot the d 1 already,'' said Mrs. Stans bury; " that shows it's his; you'll soon see that it's like him in everything else." At last, the swaddling clothes being removed, out jumped the baby, which made it's escape through the open door. It was a large torn cat. The joke was placed upon them by a mischievous young lady who lived next door.-Ohio Journal. " Fm afloat! I'm afloat! " screamed a young lady of powerful lungs, and fingers to match, as she exercised both at the piano. "I should think you were," growled an old bachelor, "judging from the squall you raise.51 MoHorvay's Pills.-Source of Strength, -No deep philosophy is wanted to prove that health and vigour depend upon the purity of the blood; yet how few act upon this troth, com pared with the many who neglect themselves and lay the foundations of the most formidable com plaints, when a few doses of these purifying Pills would give them instant comfort and future health. Holloway's is no palliative treatment, but the most searching and fundamental means of redressing all wrongs in the stomach, liver, kidneys, and throughout the circulatory and nervous system. . Holloway's Pills are most ad mirably adapted for a family medicine, since the most youthful, delicate, and susceptible may fearlessly take them, when more violent measures would be highly dangerous.-Advt. As Irishman who had just landed said:-"The first bit of mate I ever ate in this counthry was a roasted potato-boiled yesterday. If ye don't believe me, I can show it to ye, for I have it in my pocket." 