?'?: FRANCE. THE STUDENTS OF THE PA.RIS UNIVERSITY - Tj3E SCENE' AT THE SORBONNE. Anything more thoroughly and amusingly French, both in the whole conception and in the details, than. the scene in the great hall of th,e Sorbonne, we scarcely ever remember to have read or heard of. For dramatic completeness and effect' alone, to say nothing of its 'other recommendations j it is a scene which we poor prosaic citizens of humdrum England can scarcely rival even on the stage. No touch is wanting that could make it more perfect or more French. A brilliant crowd has assembled in the great hall of the Sorbonne to see prizes distributed among the pupijs of the various colleges and Lyceums connected with the Paris University. Crowns of laurel, as in classic triumphs, are placed by the hands of the Minister of Public Instruction, on the brows of those youths who have most highly distinguished themselves, and as their names are read out thatof Cavaignac, son of the famous Gene ral is heard among them. In a moment a loud 'and continued burst of applause re sounds through the hall. The son has 'won a Greek prize, and the audience seize upon this apt and admirable opportunity for the. most enthusiastic expression their lungs and limbs can convey of admiration for the rather. Hie .rrmce Imperial is there assist ing in the distribution of the prizes, and he too,, following the example of his tutor, General Frossard, an old comrade of General Cav'a^gnac, magnanimously joins in the ap plause of his father's great rival. So far everybody is delighted, everything has gone ofiHVell. Not a single stage effect is wanting in tliis brilliant background, all rapture and radiance, to heighten the tragic gloom of the impending catastrophe. The cheers cease and. the boy Cavaignac is called to have his brow bound with laurels — so should desert in Greek be crowned — but, like Hotspur's spirits, though called he will not come. ' A Professor' — who, by the way, is a painfully prosaic figure, the only one happily in the whole scene, and who on a future occasion should be most carefully eliminated — is so disgustingly rnatter-of-fact as to think that the boy did not hear the summons,' so he calls again. This time the youth hesitates ; he rises ; he leaves his place ; he makes a forward movement. In another moment, it is awful to reflect, the son of Cavaignac might, perhaps, have had a bit of laurel put on his head, of course amid a thunderstorm of applause — might even have been compli mented on his knowledge of the Greek lan guage by the son of Napoleon. But exactly at the right moment, with a precision worthy the most veteran of theatrical ghosts, a female form — we presume, veiled— half rises, and with outstretched arm forbids the youth to stir. The audience recognise Madame Cavaignac, and at once seize the opportunity for cheering the boy because he will not take the prize as heartily, as they just now cheered him because he got it. The ex citement within the hall extends without. The 'young people' take \\\p the cheering, and are immediately arrested by 'sergensde ville.' Everybody is in the most delicious enjoyment or glorious emotion, xo crown all, yesterday there comes a telegram an-, nouncing that ' the Government is . very anxious at tli£ excited state of feeling among the students'— the above mentioned 'young people.' Could anything be finer than all this or more French 1 France in. a fever because a bay of 15 is forbidden by; his mamma to take his school prize in the j presence of another, lad of 14 ! Let Madame j Cavaignac by all means, if she so pleases, j teach Tier boy to shun Napoleon and every-; thing Napoleonic— to renounce the Emperor j and all his works. If young Cavaignac had \ been forced to meet the Prince Imperial, he | could not have been blamed for refusing to accept honours or civilities from him. But he has no right voluntarily to take ad van- : tage of the Imperial University, and to com pete for the Imperial prizes, and then use , the opportunity to insult the Emperor's son. Escape From a French Pitisq?r.— An escape which reminds one of Monte Christo's adventures is reported from the military prison ' at ? Tours. A soldier recently con demned to 5 years' seclusion, a dark tem pered individual who used always to retire a few .minutes before the rest withdrew ; thy other .evening as usual, when they reached the cell, his two fellow prisoners remarked nothing particular about the place, and their comrade appeared to be fast asleep. Ths jailers too made, their rounds, and all seemed right till, thr} next morning; the prisoners being called vt;:- :.o Mass and the melanclioly looking soldier \v-t waking he was joked at aiKljbullied by his companions ; but as this did not rouse him they went to the bed and pulled the blanket about, when loi they saw the bed was not occupied by the- soldier but by a figure- suniciently .well got' up to deceive the keeper's :? eye.; 'i- A ^bolster and ' other clothes 'had, served - the' purpose, the -bolster behig coiffed with the::undress uniform' cap the 'prisoner,* used 'to put on at night. Of course the director of the. prison was imme diatelyi informed ? of the discovery and the j place searched. It was obvious the strata gem had been resorted to in order to facili tate escape. Nowhere was the missing man to be found ; at last they arrived- at the conclusion that he must have got through a certain dark passage, the existence of which was almost forgotten, and which was closed only by one padlocked door. Anyhow, the prisoner has made off and has not been traced, though he must have been very lightly clad indeed Avhen he left. ? ? 