, THE , AMATEUR ENTERTAINMENT. Last evenirig tlie second entertainment of tlio Amateur ; Club, for ikehenefitiofitkq local charities jvak 'givett .tlio j 'l£6yti.l, find sdrircely a ,glV't6 the invitation 'of thb-Ainateurs ,tham the , crowded house affdt'ded: ' 'The !lovvei" j)at-t was ns full as; it was well j possible it'could' lie,' arid taiaiiy were in the boxes. As on the ixrst occasion the entoi-tainment 'opened iWith tlirco -scenes ; from Hamlet, also- those first presented. . The effect of one iiight's- "public rehearsal " was evident throughout the ; whole of this histrionic efl'ort. We vvoifld have been unjust .to ourselves if yes- torday wo had been too liberal of praise, but still it must be remornbered vve were riot hypercritical. Thc ' fonrior might have induced a spirit incom patible with improvement where riot even a Kean coi-hi say .lie vvas perfect., Tlio latter vvouid lihvo' heeii 'uncharitable. There was a qaroful- ricss . fiihriing through the whole of Mr Neill's perloimance last night which broiiglit to tlie siri> face some of tlio best poiuts. ; This vvas especially So in tbe caution given by tlip I'ririco to tlie courtiers. - Tlio -address, of tlio gliost vvas given- better than oil tlie previous niglit, .and the dialogue of sliort passages, which form a peculi arity in this part of Iiamlet, Were also telling. At the fall 'of the curtain Mi- Neill was ioudly called for, and overwhelmingly received. Tlie ghost also was honoured with a coll. In the second part of the entertainment Mr Wil liams sang a Chinese song, arid proved himself an nliriost inimitable mimic: The Japanese, per formers again cbnvulscd the house, and dis played great. dexterity. The whole. were called before the curtain, but Mr T.' Hunter did not respond. Botweeii this and tho hurlesque Messrs Mvlrpliy tand Goode gave a clever duet on the cornopean. The hm-lesque was a prolonged strain on the-risible faculties.. . Mr Hammond could not be excelled as the Widow Meluotte ; Mr J; Hun ter's Claude Meluotte was a lively representation ; Mi- Willidms as Pauline was irresistible.; Mri T. Hunter, . as Madame Decliappelles, was quite up to tlie part ; arid Mr Owers as Beauseant, vvas 1 ubiHUiUi. AHL UIUL1 |)Ulln 1YUH5 llibU WCli sustained. At tlie end the company /was called before the curtain. Mr Reid, of the' Talbot drug :store, kindly supplied tlie Japanese with a che mical .wliicli ignited by the application of water, arid burned for soriie time with great brilliancy. We must not allow this notice tb . close, with out necording a high meed of praise to those who have been at very great trouble to give such A 'capital .entertainment, and for so .worthy an object. Only those who have been behind the scenes can tell the labour involved in theatrical entertainments," with cvorv appliance to .be ob tained. Tho success wliicli has crowned tlie efforts of the ' amateurs must be pleasing to them, and they truly deserve a so well earned sense of gratification. It is notified that on Saturday evening the entertainment will bo agaih produced, tliis time for tho benefit of tho club, and a crowded houso will certainly be .the result. , 