COUNT VON ATTEMS -CAPTURE OF A SWINDLER. (Extract from the Hanfelsblad of Batavia.) [TRANSLATED BY GREVILLE AND CO.] Sourabaya, October 5. The commander of the Austrian yacht Hamlet's Ghost, who has arrived in this port, has made a com- plaint to tho English Consul, that on his voyage to this place, when cose under the Java coast, he had met an English ship; that on firing a salute in honour of the British flag, the ealuto was not returned. Now we road in a newspapor of Passoeroean the following, which clears up the mystery:- Com- mander Said Alaogaf, in charge of the British brig Diamond, which has arrived here from Probolingo with Rattinese horses, mentions that he had been attacked near Bezockia by a Prussian or Russian cutter, of about eight kijangs (13 tons). That the cutter fired a blank cartridge across his vessel, and afterwards one with ball. On his threatening to sink the yacht she ceased firing. This yacht must be the same whioh Said Aleegaf had already met at Koepang in Timor. She was manned by Europeans, and belonged to Sydney. The Melbourne Argus transcribes a paragraph from a Batavian journal (the Handelsblad of October 21) that an adventurer, who is recognisable without diffi- culty as the pretended Count Atterns, whom many Sydney poople have too good reason to remcmber, had caused some little interest there, and had ultimately succcedcd in getting into custody. The paragraph states that some noise had been occasioned at Soura- baya by the doings cf an Austriun count, who arrived there sorne time ago in a yacht from Australia, The count first attracted notice by complain- ing that an English schooner which he met with on the way had refused to answer his salute As the version of this matter was given from another source, by the report made by the captain of an English schooner called the Diamond, which had arrived in Passoesosan with horses from Java, that he had on his way fallen in with a Russian or Prussian yacht, which had fired first a blank cartridge, and afterwards a shot at his vessel. However, attention was soon drawn to the count on account of other cir- cumstances. A commercial firm in Batavia received a warning from Australia to look out for an Austrian count, who had in a questionable way obtained possession of a yaoht, and was sailing in it to Java. This warning was conjoined with the reports of a great many impositions practised in the preceding year in Europe, particularly in Holland, by a person who represented himself to be an Austrian count, and it was thought that the tourist from Australia might be this person, These sus- picions were telegraphed from Batavia to Sourabaya. The warning, however, came in some respoots too late. Tho count had already discounted at the bank a bill of exchange for a sum not stated, and it was sub- sequently remarked that the paper in many respects resembled some of the fradulent paper negotiated the year before by tho pseudo count at Amsterdam. Although tho warning came too late for prevention, it carne in time, perhaps, to bring to a stop the career of this successful swindler, as it was thought proper under the circumstances to arrest and detain him pending inquiry. This was the condition of the inuoli-toadied Sydney visitor at the date of our latest intelligence-lying in custody, while inquiries were . being instituted preliminary to a criminal prosecution. 