AN EPISODE OF ??THE BALACLAVA CHARGE. THE following purports to be an aecount, narrated by himself, of the share taken by a certain John Paine, alias butcher Jack, of the 17th Laneoors, in the doings of that glorious yet mouroful day: " Well, you see, it was in the autumn of 1854 that the English and French armies were lying lovingly enbugh !oge. thor in front of Sebastopol, that 'nut which took themn such a time to esolrck. Our cavalry had a camp of their own on the hillside near Cadikoi, and the old SDeath's Head and Cross Bones,' to which I belonged, was there cmongi the rest, forming part of the Light Brigade. We had a separate odommissary of our own, and handy men we're told off from the various corps to not as butchers. I' I never was backward when there was any work to do, and when some fellows wete moping about hoplessly in the tents or going sick to the hospital, oevery morn ing I was knocking about as jolly as a sandboy, doing a job hero aid'one there, and always trying to get more or loss tipsy before nightfall. If ever you drop oacross any of the old Crimean Light Brigade, just you ask them if they ro member Butoher Jack, of the Landcrs, and see what'the answer will be. I was as well known in the brigade as old OCar digan himself, and in my rough and tumble way got to be quite a popular character. Indeed, if it had not booeen for my inordinate fondness for the drink, T might have got promotion over anod over again. But I used to find my way shoulder-high into the guard-tent pretty reogularly once a week, and more than one saved the skin of my back by being known as a willing useful follow whbo sober. "One slaughtering day' at the Com missary we had killed, flayed, and out up our number of beasts, and there was a lot of rum knooking about, for tbohe Commis sary Guard know how to get at the grog, and were free enough with it among the butchers, for the sake of nice, tender sleak. Paddy Heffornan, of the Royals, nod I managed to get as drunk as lords before we had time for'a waesh, and one of the Commissary officers came acoross us while in this state, and clapped us in the guard tent before you could say knife. One place was as good as another to us, so we lay there contented enough all night, taking an occasional tot at the bot tie which Paddy managed to smuggle into the tent where.we were confined. It was getting on for morning before we dropped off into 'a heavy, drunken sleeoop, out of whilch the Commander.in- Chief himself would have had a tough job to have aroused us. We must have had a long snoose, for it was broad daylight before we wore awakened by the thundering of an immense cannonade close by, mnaking the very toent poles qtilver again. I still felt doucodly muzoy, for Commissary rum, as you would know if ever you got tight on it, is'hard stuff to got sober off, yet I managed to pull myself together enough to know whoro I was, and could give a shrewd guess what all the row was. I sat up, with the intention of hearing more about it from the guard, but to my surprise there was not a soul in the tent but Paddy and myself, ned there was not even a sentry upon the door. So we both got up on end and had a stretch, and then walked coolly out of the guard tent only to fiud tlheo camp utterly deserted, not a man apparently being loft in it. Turn. ing into' our tent we sat down, and over a refresher from the inexhaus tible rum bottle, we tried, in a boozy sort of way, to argue out the position. From whore the camp was we oould not see what was 'going on down in the valley by reason of a low ridge which intordceptod the view, but we could toll it must be pretty warm work from the hot and continuous firing which wans being kept up. At last'says I to Paddy, ' Why the devil should we beout rfthe fun? Let us go upto theosick holi'rse olines and see if there be anything loft thore fit to putone leg in front of another.' 'Agreed, ories he, heartily enough ; so I got hold ofa butchor's axe, aond' h'o a sword, and half drunk as we .wevre, and just in the condition we had roftoff killing the night before, woe started off for thme sick borses. But it was no go for a niomont borero, for there were but two brules left,. and one of them ihad a leg like ?a pillar letter box, while the other was down on his side, and did not lolkl much like rising agaiu, Dotormlned not to lie beaten, we started off on foot, and mnaking our round by thebo roar of the staff, we dodged down into the val ley just in the roar of the position of the heavy cavalry. "Fill the pot again, Governor, and I may as well tell you it was Baleolava morning,' and the hqavioes had already olicharged the Cossacks and emptied a good many saddles. Russian torses wore gallopIng about riderloess, and Paddy and tyself parted company: to give chase to a couple of these. With some trouble I captured my one, a tidy little irongroy nag, whimh I judged from the saddle and naccoutremoents must have been an oflioor's charger. It was easy to seo from the state of the saddle that the former rilder had beeoon desperately wounded, and tlio reins too were bloodier than a dainty man would have liked, but I was noways squcanmisah, nd mounted the little horse in a twinkling. The momoens Ihad got triy seat, I galloped up to the Heavy Brigade, and formed'up coolly on tlhe loft flank of thle old Royals. They laughed at mo as if I hIad booti a olown in a pan. tomlne, and I had not been in ~osition ,s couple of minutes whelon up catmo Jolhnny Leo, their adjutant, on hIis old bay mare, at a tearing gallop, and roared to me to 'Oo to I---- out of that.' Thoro's no mistake, I was not muchl credit to thlem, I wnas hanre-lheoaded, and miy head was like a biroh broomn in a fit. I was minus i cnt, willh my shirt lcoveso tIurnedl up to thoeshouldcr, andt my shirt, face, and bare hairy armss weore al splnshedil and dar itoed withi blood, wtlioh I hnd pilcked up at thle ,butclharing the lday Ieftre anid lhad oneveor wipoed off. A pair of long, greasy jaik hlnnts cnaoe up to tel thiiglh, antd in srtctd ,f nstword I hadl the one over my shtuldler at the alolpo no regimental as you please. The Ittssian must have ridden very short, for my knees owere up to my nose in his stirrups, and so you may imagine that, taking me all in all, I was rather a hot looking member, es. pecially if you remember I was fully half seas over. "T The heavies wore in position to sup port the Light Brigade, whilch had just got the word to advance. So, when the adjutant of the Royals ordered me off, I looked straight before me, and saw the light bobs going out to the front at an easy trot, and on the right of tho front raonk I caught sight of the plumes in the lance hats of my own corps, the old seventeenth. My mind was mnado up on the instant. Running my spurless heels into the ribs of the little Russian horse, I started off in pursuit of the Light BIrigade as fast as I could make himn go, with shouts of laughter fromn the heavies ringing behind see, and chased unsuooss fully by a couple of oficors of the Greys, who tried to stop me for decenoy's sake. As the light bobs were advancing at a trot, I waso't'long before I ranged up alongside their front flank, and there was old Nosey, as we used to call Cardigan, well out to the front, and in front of hin again was young Nolan of the 15, with his sword down at the right engago' already, although we woroalong way off any enemy. Just as Ioamo up in line with the flank sergeant of the front rank, who looked at me sideways as if 1 had been a ghost, Cardigan turned round in his sad die to say a word to the field trumpeter riding at his heels, and then with a wave of his sword went off at score out to the front. In another second all the truiss pots of the brigade sounded the ' charge,' and sitting down in our saddles and set ting our teeth hard, off we went pollmoll across theo valley as hard as ever horse could lay foot to the ground. Presently we got within range of the Russian bat tery, which was playing right into our teeth, and I saw Nolan, who was a long way out to the front, gallopping as if for a wager, toss up hIis arms,and with a wild ashriek fall from his horse. On still we w6nt, faster and faster, as our horses got excited and warmed to their work, hioed. less of the torrent of shot that came tear. lg Cthrough us. As for myself, what withl the drink in me, and the wild eoroitemnent of the headlong charge, I went stark mad, and sent the plucky Russian horse ahead at a pace which kept me in line with the very foremost. Nearer and nearer we came to the dreadful battery, which kept vomiting death on us like a volcano, till I seemed to feel on my chooeek the Ihot air fromn the cannon's mnouth. At last we were on it. Half a dozen of us leaped in among the guns at once, and I wit-h one blow of my axe brained a Russian gunner just as he was clapping the lint-stook to the touohl-hole of bis piece. With anothior I split open the head of an officer who was trying to rally the artillery detach ment in the rear, and then what of us were left went smack through the strag? glers, cutting and slashing like lieonds, straight at the column of cavalry drawn up behind the battery. What happened then, say you? I can't toll you muoh more than this, that they were round like a swarm of bees, and we, not more seeom ingly than a couple of dozen of us to the fore, were backing and howing away our hardest, each individual mano the centre of a separate melee. I know I never troubled about guards myself, but kept whirling the axe about me, overy now and then bringing it down to some purpose, and over as it fell the Ruskies gave ground, but only to crush denser round mo a minute after. Still nothing seemed to touoh me. They dursn't come to close quarters withthe sword, for the axe had a devil of. a long roaoh, and they dursn't use pistols, for they wore too thick them solves. I'm hpnged if I don't think I should have beeoon there till now, had I not chanced to hear above the din a trumpet from somewohere far in the roar sound Three's about.' Round I whooled, still lashing about me like a windmill, slap through the heart of a battery again, knocking over an artilleryman or two as I passed, and presently overtook a small batch of men of various regiments, who, under Colonel Seweoll, of the 8th, were trying to retreat in somoe kind of order. I was as sober as a bishop by this time, take my word for it, and I joined them hoboeerfully, but the chances of getting banok again to our own side of the valley loolod very blue. The Russian eovalry wore hard on our heels, and we suffered sorely from the. devli?bh battery in our rear, which kept pelting into the thick of us,. without much disorlmination be. twoeon friend and foe. The guns on those forts on our loft, out pf whlsoh the oowardly Turks lad s'neakod, and which had been pounced upon by the Russians, were not doing us mueh good neither, I assure you, and it was all the world like being between the dovil and thlodoop soea. Soon what little information we had got was knooked to pieces, and then the word was ' Every man for himself, and God help the hind most.' A young fellow of the lth IHussars and mysolf hung togother for a whilo, both of us trying to make tihe most of our blown and jaded horoes, but at last ihe went, his hIorso shot under himi and himself wounded. As the lad's bueby rolled off, when his hoead touched the ground, iheo gave a look at me which went to my heart, roughas isI was. God pity hIim i he was little more than a boy, and I hlad a mother myself once. I was cout of thie saddle in a twinklling, and Ihad him across the hqlstors and snyself in the seat agais only just in time, for the damlnable Cossacks wore down upon us like so many wolves. Oh I he was a good plucky one was that little Russian horseo; right gamely did he struggle with the double land on his back-and hur rahl I hero weoro the heavies at last, and awe are safe. As I was riding to the reot to give thie wounded man up to the doctor, I passed close unlder the staff, who wero on the brow of the hilll ashove mei, but there was no notico taken of ime that I porceivedol. I rode up to our own camnp, and hy and by a seorgoeant came antil mande a prisoner of me for the crime of Ii'oaling out of thie guard tent when oanfiilied thoroin-a serious military offence. I ena loll you. I was'nt shot fr it, thousgh, for aext day I was brought in front of Lucan, who ,as in command of the ca valry, and who told me that although ho had a good mind to try mo by court mar tial, as he sanid I certainly deserved, ho would let mo off this time in oonsidorn tion of tho useo I had made of the liberty I had taken, 'and perhaps ho would do more for mo if I kept sober. And that's how, Sir, I came by this little medal, which is Britain's reward for distin guished conduct in the field. .Thank you, Sir, I'll bo sure to drink your health." 