ENTERTAINMENTS. | THE THEATBES, fte. m Give mo Um To *p«ak my mind."-Skajokuue. : Mr. Lambert is going away for ever, That he did not go away for ever eighteen month ago, appeals to have hurt some people's f iugs. I am sorry for their feelings, bat Boiry MT. Lambert did not go away. Not tint I should have been unwilling to ^ very .much if he had given an absolute ani distinct pledge to go away and had nut gone. But I know BO well that, at the time he took his benefit at the Princess's* on May 23, KJO^Jiis health was in such an indifferent condition, that it was almost certain be would never he able to appear again,tad there fore he said, when be made big benefit speech, it was probably the last fro& ht should appear before them. But he gotbetter, and went to the Royal, of which he after wards became the manager-a fault which it would seem is never to be forgiven by some folks. But he will survive the blame of these persons, and for nay own part, I can < regret that he has determined to. leave us at all. And yet he is quite rightin having made np his mind to enjoy himself at a time of life when'his powers are still unimpaired, and when he has not only the skillto please us (u mtich&s; ever he had, butthekeenness f>f. perception : necessary to enable him to relish the sources of enjoyment he is sure to find in the old country. It is better to let one gd ' away from a feast longing than satiated, and it is quit® sum that all *who remember Mr. Lam bert will think of him, not with commisera tion, and as of one *riio had lived beyond the time wherein he pould be effective, in. his efforts to please^ but as of a hei» who sheathes bis sword in the hour of greatest ©fumphT"ThWre "trSs a great actor once wbolived and-aatedlong eiwugbtobe pitied,~ and v^oww} pa^t^he power of perceir ing that he was endured only for what m had been. .Now Mr. Lambert might g» .ion acting for years without any danger of coming to that Mate; but he, »eve[* thetefc, judges wiselyfor himseJTto anfc cipating that period, by going into the privacy ofi qliiet m jpyment irithallhi« pop* fcuity stfUcljfigingto him. " jt,date#8'^thfr j-JRQ ' penepijesj ^ MedViUi bere of the 3gattawsacfe» ering that ."be bW' i! WW fOj«KdaU* ai^Bo.frorthrtof^0^ relisMo :;t JUk^ai# imnfeoe^T -TTTiong array of characters that will '? ^orompt you to think with admiration "fXfiSTaking, for example, one of I Tmallest, to wit. the Apothecaiy, in « «nd Juliet," it is an instance of "STcan he done by consummate skill in S way of imputing extraordinary effect to which indifferent acting renders fnsLificon't, and almost imperceptible. And Sn might take UP a good many non-Shak spearian ones in. the tome way-Jean, Kase, ^instance, in "Love's Sacrifice" ;Marr in "A New Way to Pay Old Debts ® ; mil* aliis of a like fort Indeed, list of all Mr. Lambert's characters, tith a comment upon each, would make a rouble book, and somebody will perhaps JS day write it. But whether it be written not Mr Lambert's many admirable dra stic portraitures mil live continually in our recollection, and I am sure we shall all think him in a kindly, affectionate spirit long after lie has gone from us, and when the memory of all tbese hflS grown indistlnct Bnd With appropriate taste, Mr. Lambert se lected for bis benefit selections from some of the pieces wherein his chief successes have been reached. The second act of "The Rivals," the first act of "Money," and the screen'scene from "The School for Scandal" show bim at his best; but the pleasure which tbese afforded coftld hardly help being accompanied by a feeling of regret that it was the very last of all the occasions on which we should see him in them. It is nevertheless a source of satisfaction that he leaves us in good health, in the full possession of bis powers, and, moreover, with such ma terial results of his labours among as, that he need suffer no anxiety as to the pour vivre for the rest of his life. The house over flowed with the kindliest feeling oh Thurs day night, Mid his parting address, which we give below, was listened to with the most careful attention, and evoked the liveliest manifestations of satisfaction :~ " Ladies and Gentlemen,-I am about to quit tbis world of mine for ever, to cross the footlights and come and live in your world. It is very much the custom on occasions when people are going out of the world, to mftkfi a fall confession of all their sins, and I will now acknowledge the excellence of the custom by adopting it, so that yon shall not say I gave up the ghost without recounting tbe many 6ins of wuich I have been guilty, both since I came among you and for many years before that time. These, as you may suppose, arc very numerous, for they have been going on without intermission these two-and-forty years. "I will begin with the worstof them, and admit that I have committed murder. In the eariv portion of my career, especially, I acknowledge to having murdered Beveral parts with which I was entrusted, bat of late years I hope I have been less guilty in this re sjweti and the shades of Shakspeare, Ben Jonson, Congreve, Otway, Massinger, Rowe, and Sheridan, have been appeased, I trust, bv my having imparted'a little life toeome ot their creations. But of murder of another kind I have not committed more than one, and as I was summarily executed for it to the great satisfaction of the audience, I may be satd to have expiated that crime. -,ui k'I have committed bigamy so frequently that I cannot recount the instances. I have married more wives than Brigbam Young, so that it is not surprising if I should nave numbered my sons and daughters by scores, if not hundreds.' Some of them, I grieve to say. I have treated with great cruelty, turn ing them out of doors to beg or starve, cutting them off with shillings, forcing them into mercenary matches, and otherwise provoking them to desperate measures. In connexion with these wicked proceedings, I have used tte most violent language to my offspring: tat many times, when in the very on slaught of my furious denunciation, I have relented, and have only uttered half a cone. At this moment, if I had not great stoength of mind, I should < be over whelmed with remorse at the consequences of my seven*. I have to deplore the neces AivinaiLt frequently numbering among my acquaintance, wid even of my friends, some SSs^awpsarA ^^.sssaa-bsSs ftdr dk2Lvtemrliate grade- ftnd that *"nKi - hs tg ggsssssess i jiroi . I ha' bestowed witb i«, and that un* ited, by my »w> X appeal to you to ffi .!« ^,ave managed the Tneatre a«d Whether wo have Ji?n *S? * promises we made in w j8 of our, career? We have S?J« wr wonderful pecuniary suc wwii.- f J" ^ *re have, given our £ value fpr their money, and «, think, at this mo !5 Sk> rePutatjon and popularity tneatre axe as good as, they have at ®nce. it was opened, now nearly thirteen years ago. Let me ask you to continue to tine managerial firm as it now exists at least an equal measure of y6ur sup- ' US!?*-J Tmeint)er8 are all known to you, ' ? aJ?ux?re' SFsatly respected. I l l . e mo8t amicable feelings, and with the siacerest hope that they will long retain their present position. I can assure you that in whatever maimer I can fomard their interests in England, in the way of business negotiations, I shall be too hajppy to do so. . ' And now, ladies and gentlemen, the old comedian who came among you in the vigour ^aoood, quits you in the strength Mid< freshness of his commencing old age. 18 not too old to work, and he tninks you .\nll admit that he has not yet lost the trick of pleasing you. After so many yearn of laborious industry he wishes to rest and re cruit himself, while yet he is capable of enjoy ing rest and recreation. I cannot tell you all the thanks with which my heart is so full. I have made many friends and experienced numberless kindnesses in Melbourne, and I would gladly acknowledge all these sepa rately if time permitted. To those gentle men who have from time to time chronicled my performanceSj and given me the benefit of their critical opinions, 'I am under' many obligations. To my brethren and sisters with whom I have so laboured, I offer my bestand kindest thanks for their co-operation, and I wish them continued success in the practice of the art I have loved so much, and which I believe to be at once the grandest and most difficult of all the arts. And now, to each and everyone, Farewell! In all the future time that yet remains to me, I shall never forget Victoria, and when thinking °Jfr the past, of a long and I trust honour able career, I shall often be softened into tenderness as I think of this stage from which I now address you for the last time. " Again, to each and everyone, Farewell! For me " The rest Is alienee." On Monday night Mrs. Heir took her leave of us, and played Rosalind charm inely. I am by no means clear that it is right for us to suffer Mrs. .Heir to go away out of pure lack of inability to secure such recognition of her merits as she is entitled to obtain, but it is for all that true that this most capable actress and amiable lady, after thirteen years' sojourning in this and other colonies, quits them to seek in other lands the encouragement she is denied here. I am sure she feels the necessity of parting very deeply, for she showed a genuine emotion during thd delivery of the farewell address which, I may remark, was written by an intimate friend of mine. There was, I am happy to record,' a good house, and there were obviously a great many persons \- whom I envied -who saw "As You Like It" for the first time. Mr. Heir played Jaques admirably; and Miss St. Denis-who, by the way, has gone to Ade laide- played CeHa very prettily, and dressed it exquisitely. Mr. Stewart was not happy as Touchstone; and Mr. Harwood, as the banished Puke, seemed all through as if he could not help imitating the peculiarities of Mr. Barry Sullivan. Mrs. Phillips, after a long absence, and after having taken a final farewell of everybody some months ago, reappeared as Audrey, and played it with a zest that might be very profitably emulated. Mr. Bellair was but a stony sort of Or lando, with whom Rosalind would not by any chance have fallen in love; but in truth the part ought to have been given to ME. Monro, to whom the less considerable character of Oliver had been allotted. Miss Chester was something nervpus as Sylvius, and Miss Maggie Stewart as Phoebe looked prettily picturesque. Miss Docy Stewart was in good voice, and sang the airs allotted to the part of Amiens pleasantly enough. Of course Mr. Lambert played Adam as nobody else could play it, and-the rest need no special mention. On Tuesday we had "Grandfather Whitehead," another of Mr. Lambert'sdelightfalpieces, and "The Peep o' fray," in which be plays that cheery Irish priest so refreshingly. On Wednesday he was Sir Harcourt Courtly and Tobias Shortcut. Going back in the order of chronicling, I am glad to know that tfoe benefit last night week for the Italian opera people was some thing more than a nominal one. The house was crowded, albeit the performance was not wonderfully gopd. At the Princess's they have been playing a piece with the queer title of " Poul a Dhoil" (which interpreted, I am Informed signifies the JDevifr pool). It is of the hyper-sensa tional sort, and the startling situations pet ,Bt> numerous that ,1 jconld not , count jfliei$r. Jta' fact, ..it' conmta pf nothing JM«K4\Tfce tjtyjmin in, Mauve," only with, this difference, that it is all in ^arnatt and not burlesque. It is/jnoreover, intensely Irish, twid a highly intelligent and jlajqg^eayflWenoed friend df.mlne remarked . j^^feryftd indwett* to; (demonstrate the long<8uffering nature of thB Irish character, ihat those^f ^this ^tionality among the audience did not profrertfi«aingt wh&tj; he «|>propri^«qop$ **pwd the "Cockney* It u uttpriy *m*n$ f ift#^9bo4y .knocked 4ow6, or fcakett ^faonesr}r,or bm>dled lJito!:ii Vault, ^mr*9ro or hifhly^as hwwbiMu bat the hero, irho wm rather o! the flabby and puddingy sort, as good people often Ate, did not, to my thinking, seem quite worthy of her, Mr. Charles Young was a ragged Hibernian of the noble- minded description, doing all sorts of generous things from the most unselfish motives. Last week at this theatre there was an ori ginal farce, by Mr. Humphreys, produced for one night only. 1 did not see it, but it seems a pity for it not to hare been repeated if it bad anything in it at all. At the Duke of Edinburgh we have had that insufferably wearisome and improbable melodrama, "The Will and the Way," and another melodrama entitled "Simon Lee." In the first of these there were two things worth noticing-first, the very fair, if a little exaggerated, acting of Mr. Brown as the old groom; and secondly, the church yard scene in the last act. This scene, though in parts a little hardly painted, was both Appropriate and artistic, barring, however, the painting of the tiles of the church', which looked as if they had been a good deal ruffled by the wind. Besides the aforementioned, there has been some Hiber nianism by Mr. Peter Mansergh, who, some people once thought, would make a clever stage Irishman. Last night a benefit was announced for a Mr. Pole, Ten years ago a Master Pole, of undeniable precocity, played Shakspearian and other leading parts at the Theatre Royal. Is this Mr. Pole the de veloped Master Pole ! Let us hope not. JAQUES. 