the theatres. THEATRE ROYAL. The las" Plac0 ttt th,s PPu,ar P,nce of -count is a new and orlginnl burlesque on f' Z fee® T"y" Mr- w- M' Akhurst> . hnnlrcady gained considerable fame in tho .__i— a successful burlesque writer. The i thorn this Instance lies selected a difficult Inbiecto treat ; but ho baa gone about his work ««kful manner, and produced aplecowhich til bor the most favourshlo comparison with Mi nrdous sffovts In n similar direction. Tho well kown Homeric story hBS been followed tly ckso for all praeticol purposes, and Lhereho departures havo been made from tho itrlet lossfcal account, It has been for the pur- oproduclng effect; ss for InBtence, Pstroclus, hslrimato friend of Achilles, has been trans- fcrne Into on Irlshmon with a strong brogue, lh, nthor evidently taking advantage of (he winning name, and Patreclus helling from Mllels for taking this liberty ; and further, in mdoithst he might be kept on the stage to the he is by some means introduced within the walls of Troy- I' wl" not bB n«t®raary to recowt tho plot, Inasmuch as tho story of tho riegeof Troy must be sufficiently familiar to all who have dipped ever so slightly Into tjio dosses. Tho piece Is well constructed, and ndmtably wrought out to tho finiBh. Mr. Akhirst hos distributed his puns with a liberal hand and the amount of word-torturing was sufficient to heavily tBX tho understanding of tho audience. For a first night's performance " The Siege of Troy" wont remarkably well. Every thing appeared to go pretty smoothly; but after a second or third representation, when all the artistes become thoroughly identified with their respective characters, nnd at the same time intimately acquainted with tho author's mean ing and intentions, then the burlesque wlU bo men to much better advantage; nnd there can bo no donbt as to Its becoming popular and having a long run of success. But tho burlesque as It stands would be improved by tho introduction of some further action tu certain of the scenes, or else a curtailment of some of tho dialogue, as in 8 light piece, which depends almost entirely upon its success for " go," it is necessary that there should be a continuous action, so that the attention of the Budionco should .be ,lffliys directed to the stago. Tho rflwnr also is too abrupt, but this can ha very easily remedied, and n better and grander effect would thereby be produced. A smart army of fl,pcTnnfl has been enlisted, and all tho young Isdias are well dressed; and no doubt well drilled, ffe should like to see a little more, therefore, of this amszonian army in the course of. tho place. The author has been very happy in the selection of his music. All tho newest and most popular airs now so familiar at home, have been in troduced, as well as some of the best known and most highly appreciated of the airs from " Un Ballo in Maschera." " Pal-o'-mine" Is a very pretty air, and was capitally eung by Miss Marlon Dunn and Miss Doey Stewart, nnd ths almost unanimous encoro which they received was well deserved. The laughing chorus and »E scherzo," from Verdi's opera, were very smusingly given, and the introduction of tho music and the action in the fourth act of " Tho Huguenots" gave occasion for a .clever, piece of burlesque. Mr. Hennlngs hos painted same really exquisite scenery. A paubroma las been prepared, with views of Gibraltar, Teneriffo, Rio do Janlero, and Table Bay, so far lllustratlvo of Prince Alfred's. , tour. The reason for Its Introduction Is sufficiently well explained, and it certainly forms a marked feature in the piece. All theso views arc magnificently executed and in the most nrtistic manner. A view of Troy is likewise excsllont as a work of art. The prin cipal characters are distributed pretty evenly amongst the members of the company. Miss Marion Dunn playa Peris, tho young gentleman who ran off with Helen end caused nil the fuss which followed that elopeuient. She neted her part well, end appeared to onter fully into the spirit of It. Her musical efforts were not less successful. Although her dress was of tho cor rect cIssbIc cut, her choice of colours was Dot happy. Miss Docy Stewart looked a charm ing Cupid. She wad bcnutlfuliy dressed, and was all that could he wished as tho god of love. Miss Chester was a very fair Helen, but she was not always audible. Miss Maggie Stewart, as tie god of marrisgo, was as handsome as we are led to believe Hymen was intended to be. lh Mr. Horwood was allotted the part of Cna- stndra, the daughter of Priam,' beloved of Apollo, who had the gift of prophecy con fined upon her, but whose prophecies bt a good reason wore efterwards ren- iered null and disbelieved. This excellent ictor, whe makes a character out of every part la undertakes, has been successful in elevating Cassandra into a promtneni tnaracior, auu wneu le becomes identified with his .part— which is soon will do— bis Cassandra wlll.be numbered miongst his many successes In burlesque acting. "Jr. Stewart, who delights in Hibernian delinea- iens, has an opportunity of displaying himself to sivantsge in Pstroclus, a character created Irish opressly for him. Mr. J. Dunn has very little o do as Priam, King of Troy, but he might sake more of it. We have no doubt that to- light the burlesque will go briskly enough, and that for a long time to come it will continue as a (eatnre in the bills of this theatre. " Grist to the Mill," capitally played, was the first piece, a which Miss Cleveland and Mr. Vincent dis tinguished themselves by their excellent acting. : DUKE OF EDINDURQH THEATRE. The Duke of Edinburgh Theatre was ro- ipened on Saturday night, under the manoge- nent of Messrs. Bellalr, Gill, and C. Hall, and Ihe reception of Mr; Robertson's comedy of !' Casto" may fairly ba classed among the legiti mate successes in the dramatic world of Mel bourne. The comedy is essentially a good one la oil the points wbicn make up dramatic excel lence, and it was very carefully and truthfully acted. Tho latter word, In fact, is tho host to use, for "Caste" is n piece recommending Itself toon audience, not by the exhibition of any morbid sensibility or striking sensations, hut by a spirited and not over- drawn depiction of life as it really is. For this reason the actore at the Duke of Edinburgh Theatre, on Saturday night, were principally called upon to be . easy and natural, evincing occasionally only so much emotion as Is shown In the scenes of erdtnory life, and they certainly did not fail in the task. Tha plot of the comedy, which ploys in 1857, is shortly as follows : — Tho Honourable Geortrs d'Alrnv (Mr. T. S. Bcllairl. is the youngest son of an earl, who, from tbe fact of bis mother's second marriBge with a French marquis of the ancien regime baB been |aft In early youth considerably to his own devices. Be Is first introduced to the audience as an officer In the " Heavies," a fine, manly, but not over and above intellectual youBg fellow of the usual novelist typo of " Heavy." He falls In love with a pretty ballet-girl, Esther Eccles (Mrs. Walter Hill), and in the first act is found In the i Utile house at Stangate where Esther lives with ia lively sister, Polly Eccles, and a drunken ! father, arguing with a brother officer, Captain j Hawtree (Mr. Appieton), as to the propriety ot : marrying tho girl ho loves. To strengthen his own arguments, he, of course, brings forward the hackneyed lines about true hearts and simple faith being better then coronets and NormBn blood ; but Hawtree positively states that " casta " ; forbids a gentleman to marry out of his own sphere. The argument, however, la Interrupted by the entrance of the two staters, and while George Immediately commonces bis love-making with Esther, the other " Hoovy" strikes up a flirta- fisa with Polly. This lively young lady (Miss Tilly Sari) takes It out of tho" swell" pretty considerably; makes him, la fact, hand a kettle, Md perform all aorta of undignified actions, in fiie midst of whlchjmters Mr. Samuel Gerrldge, |asfitter (Mr. Qlil,, the recognised lover ol.Mlss fiticles, jun. The rettun of old M rV Eccles," very drunk, from a tavern, interrupts an animated conversation, and the curtain falls on the first ect. In tho second act the scene Is changed to May fair, where Georgo nnd Esther, who hove been secretly mnrried, are living in happiness, which is somewhat disturbed by n visit from George's mother, tho Maiqulse de St. Mnur (Mrs. Gill), an old lady, very aristocratic, and slightly dissgrcenblo, who, in a long maternal lecture, gives her son her Ideas on matrimony as regarded from a casto view. In the middle of the lecture, Esther, who has just heard of her hus band's regiment being ordered out to India, Is carried In fainting by Polly, and tbe msrqulso Is informed of tho marrisgo. Her indignation Is of course immense, and tlie fiolshlng touch to the fire is given by tbe appearance of Mr. Eccles, smelling strongly of beer, and Mr. Gerrldge equally unpleasant with regard to putty. Frols- sart is quoted from to an alarming extent by the msrqulso, but her anger is for the time miti gated by the entrance of Hawtree In uniform, with the news that George must leave. In an agony of grief, Esther clings to her husband, and while trying, with convulsive fingers, to bucklo on bis sabre, e cbivnlrlc but rather spiteful suggestion by the nmrquise, tbe peer girl's courogc gives way, and she faints in her husband's arms. Tho third act brings us back to Stangate, to find Mro. Georgo d'Alroy a widow, living in poverty with her sister nnd father, but determioed again to go on the stBgc, that her newly-born baby may not starve. Tho gny dragoon sho married, and whu was carried away by tho sepoys, left hor L690 before he went away ; but tho drunken fathor has dis sipated tho money. Mr. EecLs, senior, in fact, is a drunken specimen of tho Turvoydrop order, always talking of his duties as n father nnd a working mnn, but taking excellent care never to do anything in cither lino. To such an oxtcnt < does ho hate tbo " liaristacracy" that he stents his grandson's gold mounted coral, on the ground that tbo infant b a " pauper aristocrat." and when detected and upbraided by his daughter weeps copiously, end retires to await the result of a begging-letter he has written to tbe marqulEC. In tbo meaBtlme there is more love-mnklng between Sam Geriidgo and Polly, in the course of which Sam proposes marriage, holding out to Eccles many promises of future liquor nnd pipes to be had when asked for. This domestic affair settled, Esther comes la reading a letter, in which Hawtree, writing In terms of the most respectful courtesy, encloses her a cheque for L30, and no sooner has she finished it than the marquise Is announced by aid Eccles, who is seized with a sudden fit of reverence for rank. The old lady, however, Is as haughty as ever, but offers to take charge of her grandson, at which Esther's maternal anger Is roused, and the marquise Is very unceremoniously ordered out. Disgusted at being thus deprived of ell chance of drink, Mr. Eccles leaves, Esther then gees with her baby to her room, and Sam and Polly sit down to too, in company with Hawtreo, who calls to seo Esther. In tho middle of tho meal the milkman's knock is heard, and the next moment a well-known voice rings out, end Georgo d'Alroy stands before them, with tho milk can in bis hand. As soon as Sam and Folly come out from under the table, where they had crawled, believing George to be a ghost, all is joy and final reconciliation. The marquise, moved by Esther's patient love, embraces ber as hor daughter ; Hawtree, who has been jilted by some unseen young lady In favour of a marquis, modifies his opinion re garding caste, and Eccles is consoled with the promise of L1O0 a year, to bo given on condition that he settles in Jersey and drinks himself to death as quickly as possible. So much for tlie plot. For the acting, Mr. Bellalr played the part of George d'Alroy better than we have ever seen him play any part of the kind before. He was easy and natural in his manner, and dressed and looked the part extremely well. Mr. Appieton was not qnite so effective lu tho part of Captain Hawtree os he might have been, for correctly conceived it is a very good one ; but he certainly looked It, and that Is no smalt merit. Mr. GUI, as Sam Gerrldge, the honest real working-man, worked out tbo authoi££ ideal into a really clever atristic picture ; and Mr. Milne, who, on very short notice ployed tho drunken old father, suffered it to losa none of its markod points. There is this of merit about Mr. Mllno that ho never spoils a part, and in this Instanoe he was both careful and effective. Mrs. Walter Hill ployed with much pathos and grace the part of Esther Eccles. Mhs Tilly Earl was a incst fascinating little creature as Polly, and Mrs. Gill as tho marquise quoted Frolssart with due unction and emphasis. At the fall of tbe curtain the performers received a heBrty call, and Mr. Bellalr thanked the sudlenco for their reception of tho comedy. The burlesque which followed, " Olympic Games," Is chiefly remarkable for pretty scenery, by Freyberger, ral plot is hazy until tbo end, when Mars and Venus are caught by Vulcan, and Mercury, who who had gone to sleep on the watch, is changed into a cock. The characters were all fairly ployed. Miss Dolly Green looked very pretty as VenU9, Miss Jenny Brlce was duly impudent as Mercury, and Mr. Gill was as funny as ever as Minerva. Tbe general aspect of the interior of the theatre has certainly been improved by the decorative changes It has undergone, and the lessees seem evidently anxious to cater for the public amusement as well as they possibly cau. 