WHAT IS THE POPE? ' ? Unity is the form of the Being, the Truth, and the Beautiful — -that is, the essential condition and quality without which there is no being, no truth, no beauty, and,: con sequently, no life, no intelligence, no Tove, since life is the result or term of the being, intelligence that of truth, and love that of beauty ; thus God, who is: the 'sovereign unity, is also the sovereign life, .'the' ;; sbve reign truth, and the sovereignloveV* Hence Jesus, who knew that his hour was come, that he should pass out of this world to- the Father-, having loved his own who were in. the world ; he loved them unto the end, and as a supreme 'token of his divine love, after partaking with them of his body and blood, he prayed his Father for his assem bled disciples, and for them also who, through their word, should believe in Him, asking ' that they may be one, as thou, Father, in me, and I in thee : that they may be one in us, that the world may believe that thou hast sent me.' TheSon of God, sent for the redemption of fallen humanity, could ask nothing greater— nothing 'riiore divine for men than that they may be 'one with themselves, one among themselves, one with .God, and He the mediator1* of this holy unity, which men had lost i by their fault. The unity which the Saviour ? prayed for is not the nominal unity of the ' Christians' of Newtown, which common j sense must spurn and scorn, but the unity of life, of intelligence, of love ; of life in Him, of intelligence of His sacred word, of love for Him and the Father who sent Him. The Father heard the cry of His Divine Son and glorified Him : one life, one intelligence, one love flew from God thro\igk Christ into the veins of regene rated mankind ; the mystery of the divine unity was accomplished : it exists still. Ttie world hated it from the beginning : they crucified its author : but they could not kill either life, intelligence or love : whatever the genius of evil did against this permanent miracle served only to in crease its splendour. Amidst the divisions of races, climates, peoples, languages, manners, and ideas, amidst the darkness and conflict of, passions and pride, these eternal enemies of unity, one people sprung up which no mountain, no ocean couici bound, which from pole to pole acknow ledged the same law 'and the same magistrates, and had but one thought, and one will. Then the South turned to the North and the East said \- to the West : ' I know you. The poor sat -by the side of the rich without offend ing; the philosopher was taught by the mechanic, and did not wonder at being less wiser than his humble instructor ; the lowly loved the great ones, and great ones loved the lowly. The civilised man sat down under the tent of the savage, or fol lowed his track through the wild woods to show him the path of life and happiness : friends were found for all miseries and con solations for all misfortunes, and the heart .of man felt itself with wonder thirsting after poverty and sufferings, the heart. of man to which gold and pleasures had been as necessary as the air it breathed, and tke blood that filled it ! Virginity became an institution, a want of society, its glory and hope; the deserts were peopled; there were seen martyrs, young infants, weak maidens, old men broken by age, before whom the emperors of Rome trembled; force fell do w, and weakness prevailed,, the slave saw himself free before having asked for his liberty, and it was known through out the world that there was .but one faith, one baptism, and one Lord. The Catholic Church was founded : like the mustard seed of the parable, it had been deposited in the heart of Adam and his posterity .£, it had grown there, although hidden to all eyes but God's, until the divine dew of Calvary .falling on it and impregnating it with a sap of unity which strengthened it against , all divisions and for all eternity, it became a great tree which covered the earth with its shadow, and afforded a place of rest to all the birds of Heaven. But, to this universal Church destined to survive all ages, to the end of time, some force was to be given to maintain and pre serve it in the triple unity of life, of intel ligence and, love, which it had received . ?from the divine architect. Had Jesus Christ remained visible on earth, he him self, would have been the force that had attracted all to him, the centre from which Lad., descended there to reascend ? .again and incessantly flow the ? eter ,. nal stream of unity. But it pleased him not to ? eternalize its visible presence among us,. to leave us his sacred person hidden \inder the symbols of life, and Ins word contained in tradition and the two Testaments, all things which, un able to defend themselves against division, needed a depositary, one and permanent, which should be the supreme organ of the divine word and the inviolable source of universal communion. It was necessary that Olirist, the invisible bond of his Church , should have on earth a Vicar, to be its visible bond, its living oracle, the guardian always armed and. vigilant of its unity. This, of all miracles was the: greatest, and amongst the works of God among men, : there is not one perhaps that induces more maditations, and in which the arm of God appears more. .?.?;? \ How to ] .lace, in the midst of the world, there to 1 e the head and centre of a ?Church in opposition with all its maxims aoid principles, there to threaten it and buttle with it, and every day humble and de fjat it — .an old, weak, defenceless man, an; object1 of envy, and jealousy, and ? hatred to the princes of the earth, whose power he 1 units and watches 1 How to link : ior ever the fate of the Church to one ? single head which the sword of any soldier ? can cut, or the caresses of any emperor can seduce? How to savo this precious head from so many passions always armed H against it, from iniquity, schisms, ?] heresies, wars, the infinite vicissitudes - of empires and opinions, from chance at last, this master of the world, which one day or the other upsets the wisest and firmest combinations and establishments'? There was certainly a problem which human wisdom might have hesitated to solve, a difficulty which, now that it has been vanquished for eighteen centuries, every one except those that shut their eyes, so as not to see, and wilfully darken their intelligence with falsehoods and prejudices so as not to understand, must pronounce worthy of the divine power and wisdom of God. The problem is solved, the difficulty is conquered. Tie Vicar of God, the sixpreme Pontiff' of the Catholic Church, the father of kings and peoples, the_ suc cessor 01 tne jusnerman, in.e visioie oonci of the universal communion, the guardian of t*he divine unity, he lives, he reigns, he rules; he raises among men his. head crowned with the glory of eighteen centu ries, with the tiara, the triple crown which recalls and figures the triple unity of life, intelligence and love. The ambassadors of the nations form his court ; he sends his ministers to all creatures, and his messen gers to wildernesses, the name of which ambition and trade have not heard. This is the Pope — the. rock on which the Church was founded, the guardian- of life, of intelligence, and love, the bond of unity, the head and centre of regenerated humanity. The Church is the army of God against Satan and his accomplices, human passions ; and the world his empire; the Pope is the general, the command erin chief ; under him are the bishops, his' lieu tenants, the priests his officers, his ' corps d'elite' are the religious orders, and with them, under the flag of the Cross by which the world was conquered, march the innu merable phalanxes of the faithful. The Pope, the bishops, the prifests, the religious orders, and the faithful are the Church ; but the head, the supreme magistracy, the sovereignty, the capital assurance that the Church shall be always one with God, as the Son with the Father, that no error shall ever prevail in the teachings of heavenly truth, the infallibility belongs only and entirely to him who heard these words from Christ : ' Tu es Petrus et super hanc Petram aedificabo Ecclesiam meam.' Some will object to this and say we make too much for the Pope : he infallible, they say, and a man ! yes, the Pope is a a man, and we know, we confess and glory in the avowal that the Pope springs from the common stem, that he is made of flesh and bones, and death has marked him like all of us as its assured prey. We know it, we who took Gregory VII out of the shop of a carpenter, Sixtus V, from behind a herd of swine ; we who taking the elected vicars of Christ by the hand and sitting them on the Apostolic chair put under their eyes a handful of burning tow saying : ' Holy Fa ther, thus pases the glory of this world !' We know it, but we are no flatterers, no liars, no base adulators and worshippers of the great. We do not pretend that the Pope speaking common things, conversing at his fireside or in the iatimacy of friends cannot err. Our doctors confess that even as a pri vate theologian the Pope can err, but they affirm, and the word of God asserts with them, that from the moment the successor of Peter is seated on Peter]a chair, when his word is addressed to the whole universe, when come to him questions which keep consciences in doubt, when the Church reqtiires of him solutions and an swers necessary to salvation, then, at that moment, the Pope is enlightened from above, his certitudes are divine, his answers are heavenly oracles : his mouth has spoken, but the Holy Ghost the spirit of truth, has inspired the words. The Pope is not a fetich, but, when necessary, he is a miracle. The Pope has his hour, when he is the plen ary reprosentant of Christ; he has his divine moment, when, although a man of flesh and blood, he hears no more the voice of flesh and blood, but the voice only of the ?heavenly Father, begetting his Word in heaven and extending the eternal flow of this divine generation down to the earth in the heart and on the lips of his Vicar. This stupendous miracle is not performed for the Pope alone, but for the whole Churches, for all and each of its membeis. When the great and noble family of God must be taught in his name, when they ask for the bread of truth, must they receive a stone, or a serpent ? The Pope is infallible, ;hat the Church may not be deceived; lis infallibility is our privilege, our for tune, our glory. All men share in this olessing which is communicated to every Dne in proper time and hovers throughout *ges over the Church as in the beginning bhe spirit of God moved over the waters, to fecundate them and call out of the dark ness and confusion of passion and ignorance, the light of eternal truth and the warmth of eternal- love. 