CURRENT TOPICS. To-day being Ascension Day, there "will be divine service in St. Paul's Church twice. At the eleven o'clock service the sermon will be preached by the Rev. Astley Cooper, and at the evening service, at seven, o'clock, the preacher will he the Venerable the Archdeacon of Geelong. "We are requested to draw attention to an advertisement in another column, stating that this being Ascension Day, full evening service will be conducted at Christ Church, when a sermon will be preached by the Rev. AVni. Hutchinson, after which a collection will be made in aid of the Parochial Sunday School Library. The Victorian railways, in honor of the Queen's birthday, null issue tickets at excursion fares on Saturday the 23rd, and Monday the 25th, trout and to all stations. The Saturday tickets available tor return until Tuesday night, and those issued on Monday available for return until Wednes day night. _ We are glad to hear that the stewards of the Alfred Memorial Ball were'fully occu pied yesterday throughout the time they sat to receive applications for tickets, and that such a number were disposed of as in sures the movement being a success, finan cially as well as in point of the ball being well attended. Taking into consideration the humane object in view, the committee have been induced to extend the time for the final issue of tickets up to one o'clock in the afternoon of Saturday next, the 23rd instant. An accident occurred in the Eastern Cemetery yesterday which resulted fatally to a young man, aged twenty-one, named George Duncan, who was in the employ of Mr 2* athaniel Brown. He with Mr Brown were engaged in erecting a tombstone in the cemetery, and were working upon a scaffold nine feet in height fixing the top stone of the monument, when the scaffold ing having been insecurely fixed, broke loose and all fell to the ground together. When Sir Brown recovered himself, he found his assistant quite dead. The top stone of the monument had also fallen, but whether this struck poor Duncan or whe ther he broke his neck in his fall we could not ascertain. The deceased was seven years with Mr Brown, and had just served his apprenticeship, and he was well re spected by all who knew him. An inquest null be held to-dav. Our Queensclilf correspondent writes:— The election of a councillor for the borough to fill the extraordinary vacancy occurring, took place to-day, and resulted in the elec tion of Mr AV. Leihy to the office. The numbers polled were—For Mr Leihy, 49 ; Mr Behan, 45. An interesting operation was performed by Dr Reid in the hospital last evening by means of the tether spray. During the day an unfortunate lad, named Benjamin Duggan, was brought in who had had his foot smashed and lacerated by the cog wheel of a chaff-cutter, which he was driving, for Mr Thomas Kernot, of the Duck Ponds, and it was deemed advisable to amputate the foot. Generally speaking when such an important operation is per formed tether spray is dispensed with as not being sufficiently powerful, and chloroform used, but on this occasion Dr Reid used two ether jets, and, in fact, froze the leg completely through, the patient never evincing the least pain, Drs Mackin and Wulshe assisted in the operation. m. meeting ot master UutcUers was Held last evening, at the Terminus Hotel, when resolutions were adopted complaining of grievances that have long been knotvn to exist. There is no doubt the butchers have just cause of complaint, and it is to be hoped steps will be taken by the town and borough councils to place them on an equal footing with their neighbours. A report of the meeting will be found in another column. A little boy about two years old, sou of Airs Bell,- of West Geelong, narrowly escaped death on Saturday afternoon last. His mother left him playing about the yaril while she was engaged in household duties. Having occasion to go into the yard for something, the first object that met her gaze was her little boy in a tub, with his head under the water and his legs hanging over the edge of the tub. Scream j, she ran and took the child out, but he was cold and, as it seemed, lifeless. Mr Vigar, the storekeeper, who lived next door however, and who hearing the scream had gone outside, took the boy and used the ordinary means for restoring animation, and after about five minutes' rubbing, had the satisfaction of seeing his lips move. He then administered a little gin and continued the friction, and in about a quarter of an hour the boy was perfectly restored to life. This should act as a caution to mothers of young children not- to have vessels of water standing about without being safely covered over. . . Fifty children were yesterday sent from the Geelong Industrial School to the mew institution at Ballarat; and fifty others were received from Melbourne to occupy their places. The Mayor, the Police Magistrate, and Mr Brown, were the magistrates in atten dance at the Central police court yesterday The business: before them was of very little consequence. John M'Kenzie, for a first offence of drunkenness was discharged. Ellen Jane Craig summoned Mary Murray to show cause why she should not be bound over to keep the peace, alleging that she had used abusive language and threatened to take her life, but as this was not proved, the case was dismissed. Rash leigli v. Slindunke, a claim for £6—an order -was given for the amount, with costs. . A meeting of shareholders in the Web ster-street Gold Mining Company (Balla rat), was held at the Eureka Hotel last evening. Mr AY". F. Ducker was in the chair, and there were about twenty share holders present. The meeting was con vened for the purpose of hearing a slate : ment from the delegate appointed at a' former meeting to wait upon the directors and ascertain the true financial position of the company. Mr J. M. Anderson, one of the delegates, said that he proceeded to Ballarat and met the board of directors, whom he found desirous to give him all the information that laid in their power. With the directors he had gone iuto parti culars, and found that the total value ol gold received from the mine had been J-37.150 The amount paid in dividend had been £17,100, and the working ex penses amounted to £-2:300 odd. The rea son given to him for the 'difficulties tin I company were at present contending against, .was that the directors had been 11rpvg some ground situated south of the •company's shaft, -which had, h&ve;'er turned out to be -worthless, and they hd now returned to ground which Wpul prove more remunerative. He had thongl-, it desirable that the manager shonlV be present at the meeting to explain any thing the shareholders were doubtful of and Mr Fenton was present, as well as Mr Bade, one of the directors. Mr Fenton the manager, then informed the meeting that, owing to a pressure upon Ms time m consequence of law proceedings, he had been unable to prepare a statement to lay before them, but if they would adjourn for a week he would be prepared with a full report. In answer to questions, he said | that the bank overdraft is £1200, that bills to the extent of £450 were payable on the machinery, and that other outstanding accounts amounted to about £700 o*r £800. He reckoned that the liabilities were more than covered by the gold in hand and the plant. Mr Bade ex plained the reason of the directors making the last call to be in order that eveiy shareholder should pay his proportion should judgment be given against them in the action at law now pending. He believed that there is plenty of ground in the mine to last six or twelve months, and that if things are allowed to go on quietly and steadily, will prove to be payable. The shareholders should bear in mind that the mine was one of the most expensive to work in Ballarat, as beiii" surrouuded by so many, a number of- j had to be continually employed to watch that their ground was not rushed by the other companies. After some more con versation on various matters connected with the company, which, however, was not of publicinterest, the meeting adjourned until this day week, when the manager will attend with a report. When "the talent of the various per formers is taken.into consideration, it must be admitted the attendance at the enter tainment given by the English Glee and Burlesque Opera Company last cveniiw was not nearly so good as it might have been. This may perhaps he attributed to the weather, which was raw and cold, hut whatever the cause, we can only say any lover of music will he amply repaid by paying them a visit. The entertainment is very varied—there is a little of even-thing, and every portion is good. The company name their selection from Donizetti's opera of " Lucrez'a Borgia " a burlesque; a bur lesque it is, so far as the language and the make-up of that comical character Sir IV. H Bent, as Rustigbello, are concerned; but no liberties are taken with the music. If the burlesque they give this evening is performed anything like as well as that of last night, it will he worth hearing. Jlr J. H. Melvyn sang " Silver Shining Moon" in a style that reminded us of the real original Christys—we mean the first troupe who under that name visited Geelong, and of which Mr Melvyn was a member. lie must have made use of his voice a great deal since then, and we were surprised to find how well it had woru. Mr Rain ford was "great" in that descriptive song "The Desert," and Mr W. H. Bent was, as usual, very funny; in fact, we might say " very funny indeed." Miss M. A. Liddlc sang several songs very sweetly, but as "Lucrezia Borgia" she appears to be afraid of giving her voice full scope. There is one member of the company that must not be forgotten, and that is Mr Linley Eorman. Last evening he played a fantasia " Home sweet Home" and " La Tarentalla" solo in a style that fairly charmed the audience, in fact, as a musical critic said, his solo was worth all the money paid for admission. The company used a proscenium last evening, and this was found to be a great improvement, espe cially for the opera. This evening there willjbe an entire change of programme. Mr William Richardson, the bandmaster of the, fife and drum hand, has written to say that none of the members of his band played on the ladders, but admits that several were outside the church guarding the instruments. In a day or two, if the matter was of sufficient importance, we be lieve we shall he able to give him the names of the truints. We are satisfied, now that the guilty parties were members of his band, as the uniform of the drummers of Ho. 1 Band are the same as those worn by the men. We are sorry for Mr Richard son's sake he did not let the matter drop, but he must live and learn. The lambing at Cressy appears to have been as successful as that at Bitfield. Mr Hugh M'Vean, of Strathvean, has, we are informed, obtained an average of over 90 per cent. Mr John M'Vean has obtained nearly that number, and the expected average of Sir Francis Ormond will, it is thought, be equal to either of those men tioned. The police yesterday arrested a woman named Louisa Brown on two charges of larceny from, shops in the town. She is also charged on suspicion with stealing a web of holland for which an owner is required. While engaged in tamping powder into a rock for blasting purposes in a quarry at Winchelsea, yesterday, a laborer named Thomas M'Dermott sustained- some in juries to liis eyes in consequence of the charge exploding. He was brought to Geelongand admitted into the ! hospital. The injuries are fortunately not severe. A very good suggestion was made at the meeting of shoreholders in the Webster Street Gold Mining Company last evening by Mr Bade, one of the directors. The suggestion was that persons in Geelong holding shares in Ballarat companies should, instead of allowing a length of time to elapse before'making enquiries into the condition of the mine, or waiting for a crisis, should once a month appoint one or more from among themselves to visit and inspect the mine and the books of the company for the protection of their own interests. By doing this, lie.thought a great deal of ill feeling would be pre vented, and the shareholders woidd be more satisfied by knowing how affairs pro gressed. i A correspondent sends us the following: —A very able essay was delivered at the meeting on Tuesday night of the Geeloug Young Men's Association by Mr Macallis ter on " Our Popular Amusements." The essayist touched upon, theatres, dancing halls, oratorios, and the like. The mem bers took the subject up with spirit, and an animated discussion ensued—indeed far beyond the most sanguine expectations of its promoters. Mr Caleb: Vines having sent in his resignation, Mr James Petti grew was elected in his stead. Next evening a' discussion, will take, place on "Employment for our Youth," which will be opened by Mr James Ingfis who will read a paper on the subject, . Preparation for the planting of two rows of trees in Moorabool-street, from M'Kiilop? street to the Barwon river is now being made. The holes have all been dug, and most of the timber for the fencing is ready. The Mayor has disposed of a hundred and ten tickets, so that only twenty more re quire to be purchased to complete the entire number. The plautiug will take place on Monday next, by the children of those who purchased tickets, on which occasion it is proposed to give them a treat. Some extraordinary yields from the Gympie Creek Diggings are reported by the Maryborough Chronicle. The follow? ing are the returns from five reefs:—Prom Lady Mary Prospectors' Claim, 7 cwt of quartz yielded no less than 14S3oz Sdwt, or about 212oz to the.cwt; from Dodd's Itecf Prospectors' Claim, 2dw*t of stone yielded 27Soz 19dwt 12grs. The Prospectors" Claim on the Caledonian Reef gave a return of 354oz from 3 cwt of stone, and a similar quantity .of - stone from Caie donian Ho. 1 ' Horth, gave no less than 451oz 2dwt. A person named Hash, washed 270 loads of dirt, and secured therefrom 741oz lOdwt.' These, we fancy, are the richest crushings ever heard of. The reflection of the great conflagration which occurred on Friday night last in Melbourne was distinctly visible from Kil uorc, a distance of nearly forty miles. Tasmanian papers report that Mr J. G. L'arker, of Park Hook, Lowe River, has iecu drowned at Benham (his son's resi dence), under circumstances which point to suicide. The Herald / commenting on . ;Mr O'Giad/s revelaaons of the money kept out of . circulation : by the - deadlock," writes:—Here is a sum not very far short of three-quarters of a million sterling, be longing- to the proper public expenditure of the last wo years, kept lying idle in the Treasury on account of these two; de partments alone! "What an amount of labour thrown out of employment, what numbers of artisans, labourers, and others deprived of wages fi'l. what a host of storekeepers and traders denuded " of profitable business, does not tins enormous sum of £6S0,000, lying unemployed in the Treasury, represent! The embarrassment, the losses, the actual riifiering recklessly produced by the M'Culloch Ministry in this respect, surpasses all calculation. And yet it was " the people's Ministry," for sooth, that did all this. All this positive and active infliction of misety—and, to some extent, of ruin—upon countless numbers of " the people" was the wanton work of "the people's Ministry-" It is to be hoped "the people" will not see many such vampire Ministries as that, else the Government of popularity hunting Ministers will he justly re garded as more destructive than abso lute chaos. Bat this- statement of moneys kept out of circulation, under the head of Public "Works arid Heads and Bridges, during the two years ending December, 1867. It does not in clude the iT7^ys which ought to have been by this uuie voted by Parliament, and ready for expenditure on account of the first five months of the present year. This cannot he set down as less .than half a million sterling at the very lowest compu tation. Here we have.up tothepreseDt date, in round numbers, one million and a quarter sterling of the public money kept from profitable expenditure upon public works of necessity and importance amongst the population of the colony—and all for what? All this public inconvenience, suffering, and loss is caused in order to gratify the childish obstinacy of ]NIr Higin bothain on behalf of one of the absurdest crotchets that ever troubled the brain of the most quibbling lawyer. Truly, the people may well ay out to be saved from their friends. 'X'iie -Melbourne correspondent oi the "Ballarat Star "writes:—"In politics the greater portion of the public does not ex press or show in any way anxiety upon the subject There can be no doubt that the ex-llinisters have broken through the bond of friendship that held them so long to gether- The bond of self-interest, of mutual benefit, has been broken, and the members of a once 'happy-family' are he ginning to express their real opinion of each other. Some of the episodes of the inner life of the late nine would he instructive to the general public, and more especially to the special friends of the late M'Culloch Ministry. It may be satisfactory to know that the old stoiy is true, and that when poverty comes in at the door love flies out at the window. The late Ministers ended their amicable relations at the dinner at Scott's hotel to their chief through whom they attempted to laud the party. They are all disgusted that the public has not moved, that it does not care about their fall, their disintegration, or their resuscitation, or what the deuce he comes of them. Those who run can read, and the fact that Messrs Crews. Jones, Cock, and Berry, are the only candidates that could be procured to represent the present Op position is the best sign of the disrepute of JVL'Cnlloch cause, and the intellectual im poverishment of the'Loyal Liberal Asso ciation-' from a source not difficult to guess, a hand-hill, purporting to give two extracts from the Hon. Mr Sfaden's speech at Portland in ISG4, and headed ' Sladen's Land Policy,' is being privately distri buted. .It has no printer's name, and, as far as I can learn, creates no impression. Those who seen it retort with the home thrnst—' Why don't yon print the land policy of Mr I). Gillies? He is the Mi nister ofLands.and not Mr Sladen.'" The Argus states:—Mr Hargreaves has returned xo Victoria from A'ew South Males to prosecute his claims before Par liament inijgnnexion'with the discovery of gold in P-M colony. -He has also, we are informed, instituted an action, for damages against Mr J. S. Butters, the mayor, in connexion with the proceedings last year in jus case. Mr John Edwards, junr, is reported as progressing very fiivourably. Doetors iieaney aud Crooke, who are attending bin, consider that his illness -will not he a long one. A Meljonrne journal has been requested to announce; respecting the admisaon of ladies to -witness the Governor's levee on Monday next, that ladies tickets have never keen issued by the Governor, or through the Private Secretary's office, on such occa sions; and that it is not proposed in this instance to depart from the uniform prac tice. Says the M. A. Mail:—Loyal Libe ralism doesn't seem to pay in any form. The Age has found it is hard to get two penny subscribers, as our local friends do to enlist shilling ones. Yesterday, it an nounced its intention to publish itself next month as a angle sheet, for the low price of a penny, an announcement that would have our sympathy if the efiect were not spoiled by the usual flourish about increase of circulation, which is a sure sign, of a fall ing offi and imposes on nobody." _ According to the Castlemaine Daily Yews, the shock of an earthquake was dis tinctly felt about ten o'clock on Saturday morning last, in the neighbourhood of I'xanklinford. A correspondent also men tioned that a double shock was also felt in the vicinity of Mount Franklin. By the clipper ship Lincolnshire, which arrived from .London, on Tuesday, there has been brought to this colony a line Clydesdale entire, imported by. Mr It Galloway. Young Victor, the horse al luded to, is in very excellent condition One of the largest specimens of the crab tribe ever caught in these waters (observes the Argus) is now to be seen in the win dow of Mr Hunt, fishmonger, Swanston strcet, Melbourne. It weighs fully loilb, and its body is about fourteen inches in length. The monster may no doubt be interesting from, a gastronomic point of Tiew, but the principal, idea it suggests is I the unpleasant consequences which would | ensue to the luckless wight who should come in contact with its iiuge " nippers." It was caught at Cape Bridgewater, near l'ortland, and is very rare. The variety is known as the Crown crab. The Herald writes:—" It is, perhaps, on the whole more satisfactory that the * .Loyal Liberals' should attempt to try conclusions with the new Ministers at the ballot-bos. Their candidates will all be beaten to a man, end thus the proof demonstrative will be s-'ed that the public wall not second the eti?<TCol" the ' Lovals' to frustrate, the re stunpuon of constitutional government hen folks show themselves getting rusty for want of a thrashing;- it is just as well to thrash them at once ."and have done with the business; and that is what is going to he done with the candidates whom the 4 Loyal Liberals' have thrust forward to" eanijjat the re-election of the members of Sir Siaden'sMinistry The 'Loyals' must he in sore case indeed when they could find no others to come forward in their ' cause than the individuals who have been named for that purpose; Book: at Viiliers and Heytesbury, for instance. ifust think ■ of the straits they have been put to, when they are obliged to nominate such a person as Cock to be their candidate for these im portant counties. "Whois Cock? it is asked on all sides. Well, it may not he Cock's fault that he first saw the light in such a condition of life that when he resolved on emigrating to Aus tralia, he had no other way of reaching the Great South Land than coming in 5 Tery hhmble capacity in the household train of the'Bigh t JKev." Dr. Perry. It is rertainly not imposable that a man may be a very good butler and smart footman, and en able statesman as welL But the proba bilities of ordinary life are against the suc eessfid combination of two such very differ ent rolex in one and the same person; and A remains yet to be seen that Air Cock will prove that he is the man to exhibit this rare CQuibiaatisa. AWbfc tsents, the electors of Yilliers and'Heytesbury caniiot fed them selves veryhigkly flattered by the fact of their "constituency being" selected" by jM>" JI'Cullocli and bis friends as the corpusrsile upon which the experiment is to be tried of showing Mr Cock's fitness to deal with ithe difficulties of polities'as well as with :the mysteries of the cuisine ; but who knows ? Code may lay the "Ministerial gentlemen flat on their backs as readily as he would the knives and forks on: the dinner-table. This is a new conntiy, Sir. We are all going ahead, and no questions asked- And look at .Tones. There's a wonderful man —with the Ministry! to-day, with the 'Op position to-morrow, and nowhere the next day. A versatile man is Jones—finmilinr with everything, except fixed principle." A correspondent, whose veracity in 'un impeachable, sends the following to i the Creswick Advertiser:—" An amusing affair happened in this neighborhood (a village riot a hundred miles from Creswick) the other evening, which was too "good to go down to obscurity un chronicled. A farm laborer, recently arrived from the 'ould counthry,' and employed on a large farm, was, after supper, and when sable night had assumed her supremacy, sent out to drive in a cow- which was grazing in a paddock adjacent .to the farmhouse, and which had to be driven early next morning to a pur chaser residing at same distance from the farm. Our verdant friend proceeded on his mission, ' whistling as he went for want of thought,' and on arriving at that part of the paddock where he expected to find the cow, called her by name," knowing full well that if within had she would respond to his call by making her appearance. Our friend was of a rather nervous temperament, and you may therefore imagine his consterna tion when he observed through the gloom a strange-looking shape, robed in white, j moving silently towards him. Horrified, he gazetTon the approaching intruder, until within a few feet of him, when fear obtained the mastery over him, and giving vent to an unearthly yell, which was distinctly heard at the farmhouse, he incon tinently made tracks, at a rate that would have1 defied competition.' Rushing headlong into the house, he startled eveiy by exclaiming ' Oh, murther, I've seen a ghost, and I believe it's me father's.' Iso arguments could induce him to venture out again in quest of the cow, and the good man of the house, waxing indignant at what he termed the superstitious tears of his man, went out himself; hut had scarcely got his nose outsided the door when the 'spectral visitor' appeared before bim at a few .yards distance. ^Nothing daunted by its unearthly appearance, our sturdy farmer went boldly up to the ' ghostly intruder,' who, on observing the farmer, lowed joy fully, and on a closer examination, turned out to he the identical cow the astonished farmer was in search o£ Divestiug it of its 1 gravelike habiliments,' he carried them inside, where they were recognised by his worthy better half as the remnants of a large couterpane which had been put out on the grass to bleach, and which by some means the cow, while grazing, had picked, up with her horns, and in her struggles to get rid of her unwelcome guest, fastened mextncamy on tliem. The laborer has since left the locality, for he coulil not stand the many queries as to whether he had seen, his ' lather's ghost lately.'" AVe regret to observe by the following, which we take from the Koekhampton Bulletin, that our old fellow-townimen, Messrs Headrick and Livermore, have not been so successful in Queensland as could have been wished;—"We believe that Messrs Headrick, Liverinore and Co, of this town, are making an assignment of their estate in trust for the benefit of their creditors. This disaster has been brought about by the great depreciation in the value of station properties and the utter impossibility of realising on pastoral securi ties. -' Their liabilities are, we are informed, about £45,000. The assets are nominally £6-5,000, hut being chiefly composed of sta tion property, it is difficult to say how the estate" null wind up. The largest creditor is the Union Bank, and the Sydney liabili ties are about £8060.'" The Ballarat Courier reports:—A very i smart young man, who prides himself on his appearance and ability, a few days ago was very innocently imposed upon by a vendor | of birds, in this wise. The smart young | man was desirous of securing a canary for his smart establishment, and entered into i treaty with a bird fancier for the purchase of one. The bargain was concluded,' when the smart young man fancied he had secured from the bird lander a beautiful cock bird that would delight the house with his notes A few days passed over, hut not a note was heard, and the feathers of the pet led to a closer examination, when the bird really turned out to he the property of the Acclimatisation Society—in feet, a sparrow. The smart young man consoled himself on his loss, opened the door of the cage, and permitted his sparrowship to depart in peace. I A Spanish lady in Paris has had in her employment for some time an English , coachman—steady and well-conducted. The latter has unexpectedly succeeded to £6000 a year. His mistress, on being in formed of her faithful servant's good for tune, told him he was at full liberty to leave, hut he implored to he allowed to re main, which has been granted, and at the present moment he can he seen driving his mistress round the "Lake" with the same respect as when he was on his £40 per an num and hoard wages. It would not be surprising if the lady who, it is said, is un married, would finish up the romance and give her hand to this romantic knight. In spite of the recent dry weather, says a Melbourne journal, the Botanical Gar dens are looking very well indeed. The Victoria Ilegia is in full flower, and the Peruvian bark trees are progressing; favor ably. Among the recent introductions may be mentioned a lemon-scented gum from Eastern Australia. In connection with the above we may mention that Dr. Mueller is actively engaged, under special orders from His Imperial Majesty Napoleon TTT. in preparing parcels of acacia seeds, for exportation to Algeria. 