STRAY NOTES OF A WEEKS RAMBLE ON THE WESTEBN LINE. I. IT is not very long ago that, in one of my random notes, I took occasion to remark upon the monotonous and dreary character of the road over the Blue Mountains. Passed over on horseback it is certainly one of the most doleful bits of travelling that the equestrian has to undergo. Jolted over in the mail it was — for we have changed all that — a kind of ordeal before which the stoutest heart has at times quailed. Your readers have no doubt long ago forgotten all about, not only particular passages in my notes, but the notes themselves. They have served their turn. If they have not been passed over with a grunt or scorn, they have been read at the breakfast table, have perhaps been commented upon, or even laughed at or lamented over, and then have slid away into the limbo of the lost, making no impression upon the tablets of memory. It is just as well that it should be so, especially in the present case, for, as I have said before, we have changed all that. The road is dreary and monotonous no longer, and that which was a long weary day of riding, and cost much expenditure of patience and horseflesh is now whisked over in something short of four hours. No more patience is expended, for the traveller sits comfort- ably in the railway carnage, and from the window looks out upon the delicious bits of mountain scenery which are presented to his view, or doesn't look out, just as it may chance to suit his humour. By the way, I must recall that word "comfortably." The traveller does not sit comfortably in those precious long oscillating carriages which are used on the Western line, for they roll him from side to side in such a way as materially to derange his internal digestive economy, that is if he happen to have laid in anything for said digestive economy to act upon. This, however, the Railway authorities, ever con- siderate for the health of their passengers, do their utmost to prevent, and they start their through trains to Mount Victoria at such hours as shall preclude the possibility of digestive derangement. Just imagine starting at a quarter to 7 in the morn- ing ! Actually, before the milk has come to disturb the early housemaid at her morning occupation of whitening the door-step. At an hour so unearthly it is utterly impossible that any reasonable man should be able to eat breakfast. I dare say men may be found to perform this feat, but it must have necessitated a long and severe course of training. Then, again, if the traveller chooses the five o clock, he will find that the orthodox one o'clock luncheon has been so far acted upon by the gastric juices as to leave but a poor provision for digestive occupation during the nye hours which will be taken up by travelling. And yet they are better off on the Western than on the Southern line, for on the former there is a refresh- ment-room on the mountains where the train actually stops ten minutes to allow passengers time to bolt a sandwich and swallow a cup of coffee. On the Southern line, however, there is nothing of the kind, so that if the traveller have not laid in his store of provisions after the aboriginal manner, that is, by taking a tightener prior to starting, he will certainly find the existence of a most disagreeable abdominal vacuum by the time he gets to his journey's end. There — that is my preliminary growl and now to get to business. I am not an early riser. I don't believe in it, and don't see anything in it. I never cared about " sniffing the morning breeze." If ever I turned out by accident and got the particular savour of that early air, it was as unpalatable to me as to the Ghost in Hamlet ; and I usually followed the example of the shade of that defunct and ill-used king, by getting out of it again as quickly as I could. " The early bird secures the worm," methinks I hear some one remark. Very likely, but then I don't care for worms. But save another, or I fancy he does, which is much the same thing, " The man who was first on the road found the purse of gold." Well, I hope it did him good. I don't, in a general way, object to purses of gold ; but it strikes me that there is a blunder in the proverb, for the man who lost the purse must have been on the road before him who found it. This puts me in mind of a circumstance that was narrated to me on my journey, and, as it is charac- terisitic of the time and place, I will repeat it for the benefit of your readers ; the more especially as it is agropos to my particular view of the early rising ques- tion. A licensed victualler, who keeps an inn at no very great distance from the main camp of No. 5 Sec- tion of the Great Western Extension, was in the habit of getting up very early upon Sunday morning, although upon every other morning in the week he used, to use his own words, " to take it out of the blankets." The lesson for this hebdominal early rising may be thus stated. On the afternoon and night of Saturday, hordes of navvies were wont to come down from the line and inundate every place, public-house, or shanty, where liquor was to be had. Like the marauders spoken of by Douglas — " A band of fierce barbarians from the hills Rushed like a torrent down upon the plain." The quantities of beer consumed by these wild hordes were something so incredibly large, that, wishing my veracity to be held in respect, I refuse to put them on record. However, there they remained in tap, parlour, or shanty, until the legal hour for closing came, and until they were turned out at midnight to make their way, as best they could, back to their mountain fastnesses. When the ceremony of turning out was performed, they were usually in a state which may be more correctly described as whole — rather than half — seas over. After being turned out into the road, such as were able to keep their feet indulged in frenzied pas seuls, or engaged in a generally promiscuous kind of combat, known amongst the republican denizens of the States as a free fight. Where the unstable state of their legs would not permit of their entering upon this diversion, they staggered and tumbled and rolled about amongst and over one another, until they were picked up and called home at the conclusion of the battle. Now the result of all these up and down exercises, indulged in by the wild denizens of the hills, was that all the little unconsidered trifles which might be in their pockets — loose silver, knives, pipes, &c.;—were shot out, and spread about in most admirable con- fusion upon the road, converting it into a veitable Tom Tiddler's ground, and rendering it by no means unworthy of being prospected by the early bird. An accident disclosed this state of affairs to our excellent Boniface, and so, in consequence, after the lext Saturday night's gymnastic performances of the navvies, in the words of the song :— " He rose up early the very next morning all early by the break of day, And these he found " — not Billy Taylor and his lady gay, for he wouldn't have turned out for such a sight as that, but some thirty shillings in silver, two half-sovereigns, five knives, fourteen pipes in various phases of dilapi- dation, and any number of butt ends of tobacco figs. This was not so bad ; and thus it was that again and again the early village cock that crowed salutation to the Sunday morn, crowed it to him also, and the prospecting was carried on with unabated vigour and success. That was the reason for his early rising, and now for the sequel. On one unlucky morning, he rose somewhat later than usual. The weather was cold and frosty, and there was a cutting wind blowing from the west that made him unwilling to put his head out of doors. He did so, however, and then the first sight which greeted him was that of his ostler, standing unconcernedly whistling at the door. He had some misgivings, but nevertheless began his usual weekly search. " What are yer looking arter ? " asked the groom as he saw his master's eyes bent down upon and quartering the ground. " Nothing particular, " replied the publican as he continued the search. Being unsuccessful, and pressed by his domestics, he ultimately admitted that he was looking for stray shillings. " Yer needn't trouble yourself," said the groom with a grin, " I got all that there half a hour ago " The publican retreated, shut the door, and went back to bed. The early bird found that there was another bird who was earlier. He never got up again on the Sunday morning at abnormal hours. And now to come back to my original assertion that I object to getting up early in the morning. Thus it was that I rose from bed under protest, since that quarter to 7 train rendered it necessary. I tried to swallow some coffee- noir, for as I told you the milk had not come, and I made a desperate effort to get down some bread, butter, and other nutriment. But it would not do. At that hour they were like noth- ing but chopped sticks in my mouth, dry, and without flavour. Giving it up in despair, I rushed off to catch the train. In the streets, the really early birds had all disap- peared. Those I allude to are the men whom you will meet going to their 6 o'clock work, with fresh polished faces, shining and rubiound, carrying red or blue cotton handkerchiefs in their hands, with their breakfast, or lunch, or dinner, or whatever else it may be, tied up in them. These had gone by, and were no doubt, now, all hard at work. They had been succeeded by a relay of dubiously early birds, who go at a less rapid pace, and stop at corners and look up and down as if in search of a breakfast ; who carry no lunch or dinner with them, and seem to be going no- where in particular. This lot of early birds always looks to me as if it had been turned out of nooks and corners by the daylight ; as if it had been snuggled up in gateways or out-of-the way crannies, where the envious sun no longer allowed it to stop, but exposed it to the prying eye of the policeman now coming fresh upon his beat, wide awake and active from a night's rest. Passing all these, I did not miss the train. The first hour on the line was a dreamy and an in- distinct one. I was no sooner seated in the carriage than my eyes imperiously demanded of me the sleep of which they had been so unauthorisedly robbed. They were not going to be dragged open, and kept open too, at these unseemly hours, without, at all events, a vigorous protest against the innovation. Thus, notwithstanding all I could do, I found myself yielding to the somnolency that would not be shaken off. My head nodded, and in nodding formed the most graceful of parabolic curves, for the oscillation of the carriage threw it now to one side now to the other, whilst the leaden hand of Morpheus gave it at the same time the ordinary up and down motion known as " nodding." It was only when the trim reached Penrith that I woke up finally for the day. My senses seemed to come into vigorous and active play only at the legiti- mate hour of 8 a.m., as though they would thereby have told me, " See how sharp we can be at proper times, and compare yourself now with the miserable muff you were two hours ago! Let that teach you to give us fair play!" I jumped out of the carriage, stretched my legs on the platform whilst the train was waiting at Penrith, began to be disagreeably con- scious of not having had a breakfast, and was alto- gether perfectly wide awake and sharp set, ready for the rail and the mountains, and whatsoever the one or the other might bring forth. 