QUE LETTER HOME. On the evening of the 12tK inet. the whole kakNj m startled by a telegraphic message from Sydney conveying the painfuFintelh fence of Hi# Sojal Eigbsm the Duke of ffAinha^gh having been shot in the back by ID assassin named O'FarrelljWhile attending a picnic got up for the benefit of the Sailors' Home, at a place called Clontarf.. The Duke was walking with the Countess Belmore and SirWilliam Manning, and was in the act of Ending the latter an envelope containing a cheque on behalf of the charity, when his aeeailant advanced within a few paces of hie object, drew a revolver, and discharged one barrel at him. The Duke immediately fell, ^i<»yi«ping " My back is brokenand Sir William Manning, turning sharply round, confronted the assassin as he was again taking aim. O'Earrell exclaimed "Stand back," and Sir William, stooping to avoid re ceiving the charge, fell, and the contents of the second barrel lodged in the foot of a gentleman named Thome. At this moment a WBchmaker, named William Vial, rushed at the assassfo, and pinioned both his arms. !Ntimbers of people closed round the prisoneri and it was with the greatest difficulty the police could prevent the infurinted populace from tearing him in pieces on the spot. Asit was, bis clothes were almost stripped from his back, and his face covered with bruiseB. He avowed' to his captors that he was a Fenian, and that be was prepared to die for his country. Sub sequently, when examined before the magis trates, he a'sserted that the task of executing the Prince had been sent out to him, that he had failed, and that he . was not very sorry that he bad failed. There is not a tittle of evidence to sliow^hat he had any accomplices in these colonies, and his antecedents in Victoria lend considerable support to the presumption that his mind is diseased. His trial has co n menced as we go to press, and the plea of insanity will be raised by his professional de fenders. Happily the Duke of Edinburgh, for Her Majesty and the .Royal Family, and for the people of these colonies who were bis hosts, and who have been vying with each other in offering him a hearty and a hospitable welcome, the wound was not mortal. The resiliency of the lower rib against which the bullet struck, deflected its course, and caused it to glance round the lower part of the back, until it finally lodged in the upper part of the thigh, from whence it was successfully ex tracted on the morning of the 14th inBt, and on the 18tb His Royal Highness was pro nounced to be convalescent. It would be difficult to describe, and impos sible to exaggerate, the feeling of amazement aid indignation which was aroused among all classes of the community when it first became known that such a dastardly and infamous act had been perpetrated on Australian soil. If the cynical portion of the English press, which so completely misunderstands our enthusiasm, and misjudges our loyalty, oould have witnessed the spontaneous expression of horror at the crime committed, of sympathy with the Duke, and of affectionate attachment to Her Majesty and the monarchy, it would haTe gone far to" convince our superficial critics, that the sentiment of loyalty to the throne has taken d^ep root in Australia, and that distance cannot weaken nor the lapse of time obliterate it. Eight and forty hoars after the assassin had lifted bis band against the Prinze in Sydney, between six apd seven thousand people flocked to the largest hall in Melbourne, to record their abhorrence of the crime. The ipayorpf the city occupied the chair, the speakers were the political leaders of both parties, and re* presented both Protestants and Soman Catho lics; and the oratory was characterised by an impressivenese and a depth of feeling which touched allhearte. It was a grand spectacle, as any large assemblage, swayed by oneim polse, an^ that impulse a humane and noble one, necessarily mjpft be. Every loyal-senti ment was cheered Jo the echo ; e royrewlu- < tion carnggi by tumultuous acclamationsad, when the Voices of (hat great assemblage, com posed as it was of men belonging to all classes ofsociety, a welled out' into the National . Anthetn, *bere was something solemn in the fervour of- the demonstration. Since then eve*? r plaoe -of importance in the colony Las-, eagerly followed the -example aet by :the capital, and innumerable addresses - of sympathy ftnd condolence haveheen&r;#ardbd> to the Buh'Of Edinburgh, who is nritlerstood4 to batnajely taoved % thele tokens of loyalty andiaffietetion.In Hew South Wale*, in-Sbuth'1 fl iiMif?inirnilnrnV T>nd 'In flJasmaftia,^ ahnilirrteetjflgrhavBbeenhfeld, IMliiij'Wittfnw** ItKTthe latter ialUBlj llnrfliMiii iif ITrtiHl Tnfrn'wwk!d'odtH religion, of all denominations-Protestants, Roman Catholics, and Jewe. So great was the excitement aroused by the deplorable event which we have just narrated^ that a synchronous incident-the resignation on the same day of the M'Cullooh Ministry, after five years' tenure of offioe-excited scarcely any attention whatever. JBy (the Panama mail the Governor of this colony had received a despatch from the Duke of Buck ingham, in which His Excellency was informed that " in the opinion of Her Majesty's Govern ment, the Queen's representative ought not to be made the instrument pf enabling one branch of the Legislature to coerce the other, and therefore that you (the Governor) ought not again to reooqunend the vote to the acceptance of the Legislature under the 57th article of the Constitution Act, except on a clear under* standing that it will be brought before the Legislative Council in a manner which will enable them to exercise their dis cretion respecting it without the necessity of throwing the colony, into oonfusion." This despatch having been formally brought under the notice of the Chief Secretary and his colleagues, they sent a' minute to His Excellency, in which they declared that " the interference of the Crown in a matter so com pletely within the discretion of the Assembly as the form of a bill of supply could not be justified by precedent, and threatened the existence of responsible government in this country." Furthermore, they inquired, with some confusion of syntax, if they were " to^>e subject to the understanding which he is directed to impose, if the Appropriation Bill of 1867 be again rejected." To this the Governor made answer that " his instructions do not impose any conditions on his respons ible advisers, or subject them to any under standing," but that they imposed certain restrictions upon him, and that he meant lo adhere to them. Thereupon the Ministry resigned, and the Governor placed himself in communication with Mr. Fellows, the leader of the Opposition in the Assembly, who declined to undertake the task of forming an Administration unless he were entrusted with the power of a dissolu tion. To this Hie "Excellency demurred, and after making some ineffectual overtures to Mr. M'Mabon, also a member of the Oppo sition, be sought the assistance of Mr. J. C. Biddell, in the hope that that gentleman might be able to construct a Cabinet of moderate politicians -on the Government side of the Lower House. As the Governor and Mr. Biddell are both incurring the abuse of the organs of the late Ministry, the probability is that such a Cabinet will be formed. It will probably include Messrs. Bayles, M'Phereon. J. T. Smith, Wrixon, and Macdonnell; most of whom ere personally respectable, and, under the peculiar' circumstances in which they take office, would meet with considerable forbearance, and, in all likelihood, with some degree of support from the members of the I Opposition, anxious for the re- establishment | of Constitutional rale. The newly-elected As- | sembly has again placed Sir Francis Murphy in j the Speaker's chair, but the formal opening of j Parliament, which was to hare occurred a j fortnight ago, has been postponed for a week, in order to allow time for the construction of j a new Cabinet. The first quarter of 1868 has passed away, and no supplies are available for the public service. Salaries and wages are four or fire months tn atrear, and gnat dis tress is experienced,' not only by persorft in the Government employment,bat by the numerous tradesmen in Melbourne and its suburbs with whom those employer deal. Money-lenders and pawnbrokers profit by the crisis, but it is telling disastrously upon the interests of all other classes. Simultaneously with the operation of these causes of ^mercantile depression, we regret to say that the continuous fall in the-price of wool in the English market is beginning to tell prejudicially upon a large and impprtanfc branch of industry in this polony.,. There fcs# been a gradual decline for the last three years in the value of most descriptions of station property, and the banks are beginning, as a matter of precaution, to withdraw their' apt-' ranees, where the same , are, insufficiently ? covered, and to realise some of jtheir pastoral securities. * . j , On the other hanji, it is satiefaotorytp re port au increase in the yield of our gold-field* . tjie shipments siucethe beg'inpiqgof the jjear, iJ at_« m .'i . A. \ . t_ ' _ AtriS ' ' 'in Zeftiao^ itotal exporte for thVoor-, responding period oi£ . 1&»7 were,.,; only , s39&206OT.? pf which 43^9^oz. jrerfl t^e pro* %diujid 1ij>n'ilteifline. FprtbetigvBlo TheT jtyair ^enwi>t Btefct, jMForded eome ($Untenaope to tfiupip of uncertain origin, that a. Fenian demonstra tion would be made in Melbourne on St. Patrick's Pay. If such a seditious movement bad taken place, it would have been firmly and promptly suppressed, by the authorities. But there was no sign of anything of the kind, and the moat diligent inquiries instituted by the Roman. Catholic priesthood and by several of our Irish fellow-citizens, failed to detect the slightest trace of any Fenian organisation, and at the ball and supper of the St. Patrick's Society, on the evening of the 17th inst., Mr. Duffy, in proposing amidst loud cheers the toast of " the speedy recovery, health, and happiness of Prince Alfred, the guest of Aus tralia," denounced with passionate eloquence the assassin and his possible accomplices; and declared that - there were no men in Vic toria more devotedly loyal and obedient to the law and constitution under which they lived than the 100,000 Irishmen who are settled here. This declaration was confirmed by the plaudits of the audience; and it is right to add, in justice to this Bection of our fellow colonist*, that in all the meetings which have been held for the purpose of testifying our detestation of O'Farrell's crime, our sympathy with the Prince, and our loyalty to the Throne, Irishmen have come forward as earnestly and promptly as Englishmen and Scotchmen. If, contrary to the general belief, Fenianiam does exist in Australia, it has only to show itself in order to be trampled out by an indignant und united people, without regard to creed or nationality. So strong and bitter is the feel ing against it, that at Ballarat some incautious expressions made use of by the brother of the manager of the Italian Opera Company, who, though a native of Ireland, has become an American by babit and long residence, occa sioned quite a popular tumult. Public meet ings were held, and the words imputed to the indiscreet vocalist had to be explained, re tracted, or apologised for, while, at the theatre, " God Save the Queen" was nightly demanded from and played by the orchestra. This being the temper of the public mind, and this the active sentiment of loyalty, not only in Victoria, but in every one of the Australian colonies, it is not unnatural that some umbrage should have been taken here at the partly supercilious, partly sceptical, and partly sneering tone adopted by some of the most influential of the English papers in speaking of the reception accorded to the Duke of Edinbuigh in this part of the world. They seem to be unable to understand, or unwilling to remember, that these communities in their political, social, moral, and intellectual life, are nothing more nor less than, as has been said, so many slices cut out of English society, and transferred bodily to the antipodes. Our thoughts, our feelings, our habits, our institu tions, our national sympathies and antipathies. are identical with those of our brethren " at home," and run in the same channels. Tens of thousands of us were born and educated in the mother country, received our professional or other training there, and cultivate tender memories of old school-houses, play-grounds, colleges, inns of court, paternal homes, and rural grave yards. Like the " earliest mate" of the ennobled statesman in " In Memoriam," this sturdy scion of an excellent stock is apt to ask, bnreferenoe to tbe mother country," Does my old friend remember me ?" Like young men whohavegone from home with no other endow* ment than a father's blessing, and a good stock of energy, industry, health, and animal spirits, to make for themselves a career in distent countries, we are ianxious to enjoy the good opinion of those we have left behind; and we experience something akin to wounded pride and resentment when we find ourselves criticised by English writers in much the same strain'as a traveller would criticise the sayings and doings of a half-civilieed race of not wholly, uninteresting aliens, discovered in some island of the South Pacific.. Our countrymen " at home" have, we must can didly acknowledge, dismissed from their minds the "belief that we are allblack, and speak a barbarous language. They know-gome of them-that Victoria is not the "capital of Syd ney, and that Perth is not la suburb of Mel* , bourse; but they have an indistinct id^ that , this colofly was once a penal'settlement, and their stock of information on all .other points concerning-us is limited in the extreme." We have a right to complain of this. Aoritte who should set himself down to review a book' Without having read a line of it, and without posseyingany acguaintenqe withthe subjwt twat^ofin it,wqddJ|ayiii?nselC«P«i to sereps oeniure { but his oqnd^et js ngfc ^or«,^jjB]l»ensaril q|u^fiedfJo o% ^opiuion(upo^,wy,«>loni»l matter, outoide of quesUons of o^^ion^, and ^op»o»iw |dejoce4^e prinpjpl^ ^ & are nnivepal in &eif; there be. The burlesque of "Acis and Galatea" at both theatres has been the leading attraction -dpriiigfthe ,»onlJ»M,;Pur'|>lMe«^F muiafr -bM 'Usot^n.ttw way of »oenoi7!*ad WMlM the chartctej* havtf beta|fiay#d< :y: UmJiooj V/Kl, I^ Ob»ter, Mr. liarwood^ifc-, J&. Dsaifo rBxn*xtn>ei,m» toitolfalboqtfaeiitlgihMfhetw Mi;«feh tmtsi W f>..'t«arnfV&tto; h-V& rii light comedy and elegant burlesque the i* eminently at boroe« At ilie rrinoMsVMiw Dolly Green, who has been in NewZealanti for the last four yean, made her reappea*anc* three week* ago, Always pleasing,; abe ha* touch improved during her absence, and she received a warm weloome pa the oocasion of her renewed acquaintance with a Melbourne audience. The company at the Princess's is shortly about to remove 4o the Duke: of Edinburgh, which ha* been leased by Messrs. Bellair, Young, and Oo. The brief occupancy of this theatre by Mr. W. M. Brown proved one of the most'miserable of the many theatrical failures In this city. The management of the Royal has been re* arranged, our old friend Mr. Lambert having retired from the co-partnership, and also from the theatrical profession. H0 took his benefit on the 27th ult., and sailed for England on the 22nd of this month in the Reigate, Mrs. Lambert accompanying .him. therefore, is in the hands of Messrs. Vinoent, Harwoo'd, Stewart, and Hennings, gentlemen in whom the public have every confidence. Their latest effort is a reproduction of "The Coreican Brothers," Mr. Vincent sustaining the dual part with excellent ability. The piece is admirably got up. Poor Robert Heir is dead. Be died at sea a few days after leaving here with Mrs. Heir for New Zealand. He lias long been considered as lost to the stage5 but the memory of tiis past undoubted successes has kept his name in good repute, and it will always be associated with the most prosperous days of the legitimate drama in Victoria. Mr. Walter Hill, whoexpericnoedadreadfulaocident about a month ago while playing in *. Rafiaelle the Reprobate," at the Duke of Edinburgh Theatre, n happily recovering. The manage ment of the Theatre Royal lent him the house for a benefit on the 24th, when a crowded and brilliant audience assembled to do a very kindly and well-deserved act of patronage. Mrs. Phillips, Mr. Phillips, and Master Phillips have been giving an entertainment at the Poly* technic entitled "Twopenny's Teaparty" with moderate success; and a Madame Cook, whose intrepidity is as remarkable as her merit is infinitesimal, has given two readings at St. St. George's-hall. The Lyster Company has just terminated an engagement at Bsllarat, and the Messrs. Lyster have got into disgrace in consequence of Bome truoulent Fenian demonstrations on the part of at least one of them. Mr. - Coppin lately came from Adelaide in search of more "talent," and went back without it. His speculations there are understood not to hare been very success ful. The past month has been a busy one with racing men, a great many meetings having taken place; the majority of them, however, have been second class. Geelong held its annual trjBt on the Bar won banks on the 5tli and 6th inst, and a most successful meeting it was, notwithstanding the intense heat of the weather, the attendance having been very numer ous. The chief events of the meeting were the two handicaps, the first of which, the Geelong Handicap, was won by Mr. (Iceland's Barwon, beating eight others; the other, the Criterion Handicap, three miles, fell to an outsider. Norma, by Athoa, a thrce*jear-old- ihose be hind the youngster including Old England^ Cowro, and Shenandoah (the subsequent winner of the Kyneton Handicap tod the Australian Cup). The time was very good, viz., Gmin. 42eec. Norma afterwards won the Grenville Handicap at the Smythesdale Meet ing, the Smythesdale Handicap failing to Mr. Craig's Hiss Fisher by a fluke, Rip Tan Winkle, a Kelpie colt, having been caught napping on the post. A very gotid VlfiyV ncing came off at KyneJon on the V7th,*nd last Saturday the V.R.C. Autumn Hasting was held at Flemington. It was poorly patronised, and the sport was but indifferent. The principal event, the Australian Cup, was won by Mr. Cleeland with Bhen&ndoan;, beating a field of eight bones, all Yery moderate, but the grey mare won vary easily. She Sapling Stakes was won by a' fine Fitherman ftlly, called theB&gpicker;, and. the 8t. Leger was a mere canter for, Mr. Tail's Sydney crack, Fireworks. There,'is much excitement in Turf cirofcesTetpeeting the distribution of the Maribyrpong atud by lottery, Mr. Fisher having resolved to gite up racing. Two thousand-ti&ets; Bare been issued at £10 each, and Although the drawing will not l#ke place, up til A|>ril6,#nd^e iWf. are dispoaM off There are thjrty-fivepruei, in foals, Fishhook, a&dtheyoaog; iwrwe ^in training, A great pedestrian match between CueacV And Higgips, 450 yards,fbr £i00 a side, came off lately, for the championship, ana excited mnch interest; bat it was a Very hbUowaffidr/tbe up-oountiy man, Oi^taiclc, npver having the ghost «f a-chano®, Biggins \ cUngwl hwids, at x&uoh; u 8 to l haring bfero^^ejoyr,, . ] At lhe upjial. mee|in| ol ^ 'dljyCoattdll f on Hbnilai',' agoodiJeol 1;aptiea, Tiwthe only" mattePof Wbro than irtuUwi^ mstm #** * it1 aiswuBion 'to the aalocfthe land at B&kmMi;'i Sivinjp, ,jw)w bp6Qpi()d by itr, Williams's. cOac)i:fti<>tpjy; L CpunoUor FenwdcfcjnoreQ fprppestrt mM ' " " mffflw,W Swjeifib«Wi tidiouled -wonM(in«ny *feaioii«ijJ|>, gtofenpweeftdfofc: ,.dpcfcva«d WW* ?m *4 b-,:.; 