A MILLION A MINUTE. fFrom Belaravia.l That was my fortune. This is no dream, no romance. I set down the simple"truth, strange as it will appear to many. During a portion of my life that was my income —a million sterling per minute—secured to me by papers held in my own hands. The money came to me under the will of old Rodney Gauntlett. Everybody in the city knew him in his lifetime—knew bim as a shrewd, active, hot-tempered man, and called him " old," while he was yet in his prime. As far' as my memory goes back, he justified the epithet. He looked old, withered, dried up, yet there was plenty of life in him, as those found who crossed his path, or tried to over reach bim in the business transactions that took him every day into the chief places of resort in tho city. Except that he was always absorbed in business, he might have been,kind and tender. To me he sometimes was so. - If he ever un bent, it was to his little .Julie, as he called me, and that was more often, I' think, when I had grown out of . my childhood a,nd become a woman,, and:; so more of a companion, to him. I Was the child of an old friend—one Colonel Anthony Wyvern —whom he had. adopted put of charity. Ours was not a very' lively home. .;. Our house was an old one that had held its own in the city when the, city had- even its palaces'. But in the'lbng course of time' it had yielded, ' foot by foot, . to encroachments- on all sides,, until it .was fairly bricked-in, and utterly iost to; public gaze. Old Rodney Gauntlett's own'rooms were on the ground-floor '; they were like dungeons, hut heuever saw them so. All the .year round he breakfasted and dined by candle-light—yellow wax lights,.'in old plated, candelabra, red " as copper, were always' lit for him night and morning. Bridget and; I lived upstairs. Bridget was domestic—housekeeper, nurse, and general servant.in one. She was; as; old as her master. Thin white locks peeped out from under her mob-cap bound round with a black ribbon, and shone like silver. Her skin was yellow aiid wrinkled ; her hands suggested claws, they were so hard and fleshless. But. she had an eye bright and true, as a hawk's j it defied age. Bridget was . my good, "friend and almost sole companion. Our rooms -were three in number, and formed the whole of the second-floor. / My 'share comprised a very large bedroom, that had been a reception room iri the /old . times, Jahd a smaller apartment opening'out of it. Bridget's chamber was outside mine, her. door close to the top of the great staircase ; so that, sleeping there, she," in a manner, kept watch and ward over me. ... The smaller room, in which I lived, was like a room borrowed from the last cen tury. It was wainscoted, and had a high mantelpiece carved over with cupids en gaged in festooning heavy wreaths about it. Above, there was an oval'glass, slant ing forward so that it reflected all belowit. But most conspicuous of all was a Japanese cabinet, very large and cumbrous, black as ebony, with quaint figures in gold and dead colors, in slight relief. It. was now out of repair, and used as a receptacle for papers. ' ■ . I never-recall my room without a | thought of this cabinet. It is especially associated with the first visit of a friend of Rodney Gauntlett's, who afterwards came often to the old house—far of ten er than I cared to see him. I recall that visit like a dream. I seem to see myself, a pale slim girl, straining my eyes over a book in the failing light.. The book touches me deeply, and I am conscious that my eyelids are red, and that there are tears on my cheeks. While I am thus absorbed the door opens, and Bridget enters, preceding two other persons. One is Rodney Gauntlett himself; the other a, stranger—a fine, tall, square-shouldered man, with an olive face, black eyes, and shining white teeth. As I gave^ a scared look, Mr. Gauntlett says, pointing to the stranger, " Mr. Hugh Dimsdale, my dear, an esteemed friend of mine." Wholly unused to visitors, I am confused, but mutter something to the purpose, and am conscious of having my hand squeezed in a broad palm, and held there, a trifle— only a trifle—longer than I feel to be necessary. The memory of what follows is made up of three incidents: the im pression that Mr. Gauntlett is gayer and brighter than I have ever seen'him before; that Mr. Hugh is embarrassingly polite ; and this further, that whenever X catch his eyes wandering, it is always in the direction of the Japanese cabinet, which appears to -have a strange fascination for him. That night's introduction was followed by many a visit on the part of Mr. Hugh )imsdale. It was not long before he de lared himself my devoted admirer, and egged me to regard him as a suitor for ay hand. My patron, too, hinted as delicately as he could that such an ar angement Would be gratifying to him. kit I received him coldly; his coming hilled my heart. The touch of his hand listressed me so that I dreamed of it in he night,' and woke up with a shudder. Still lie came and came: I. had a sus ticion that he knew how ,1 loathed him, ,nd gloried in his power to inflict the tor ure of his .presence on me ; gloried still uore in suggesting a further horror. "Am I never! to prove ray love by howing how happy I can make you?" he vould ask. • k "I am very happy," would be my cold eply. : ; "But as my wife? Ah, if we'could mly realise the future I have planned!" ''The present amply contents me." : At last he lost all patience, and grew airly angry with me. Whenever, we met lis words were harsh, and ; his looks ihreatening. I could not endure this, md in one passionate outburst bade him jegone and trouble ;me 'ho farther.. "I will nevqr be your wife," I said. 'I will die first. ; I iate yotu,; Leave! me." . ... ! He obeyed'; but there "was a malignant j glitter in Ms eyes as lie. strode! from the; room ; and I saw that he bit Ms tMn lips to bleeding to keep in the words with wliich he would have cursed me. For more than a month I saw Mm no more, but during the latter part of that time I had no leisure to give a thought to Mm. My benefactor was taken ill. _ It was the winter time, and he was seized with a slight cold, of wMch he took no heed until inflammation followed, and he .was soon really ill. - Even then he would not deem Mmself an invalid, would, not. see a doctor, hor give up his daily pur suits. Within a week he'was worn to a shadow, his eyes sunk, Ms shoulders rounded, and a cough tore fiercely at Ms lungs. I was' terrified, -but he only laughed at my fears, and declared that he would soon be better. _ On the eighth night of Ms illness I sat late in my room. I was wretched, for I felt certain he was very ill, and needed advice. Sitting there over, the dying embers, I half persuaded myself to1 go to him ; but he was not a man open to per-, suasion, and soon I was almost lost to consciousness in the bewildering perplexi ties of my own reflections. " For an hour I might have' brooded thus. When I. at length started,_ as but of a vision, I was conscious of a chilliness, and of its being very late. I put my hand to my waist for my watch. It wanted three minutes to 2. Was that right by the clock on the 'mantelpiece, 'I asked myself. . Instinctively I.looked up ? . The leaning oval glass reflected me as I sat., I saw my own face and figure, ' and I.saw more. There was- another' face looking over my shoulder—another" figure stand ing at my back! Yes, clearly and unmistakeably I saw my benefactor, Rodney Gauntlett, stand ing there, and bending over me with 'a strange pitying look in Ms face. - - ££ You-here, ;sir!" I cried, turning round,: frightened—I knew not why. . There was no answer. . j i „I half rose. .1 a v. - , As I did so, the form receded from me.: It went slowly, with the shuffling gait of an ■ enfeebled man. The face was,toward me, even when there was the width of the' room between us." Then it turned away.) It turned towards , the,. Japanese. ■ cabinet, | and I saw an uplifted forefinger beckon-: ing me to observe what followed. The; movement was so,natural, so real, that; it scared away the fears wMch were begin ning to parlyseine.' - * t£ Speak to me, sir !" I cried out step ping forward as I spoke. " Or if you are; too ill " . . . : The finger was raised again ; tMs time, as. if to silence me. .Then.the face .half turned;T could catch the-, -expression .of the eyes, audi- followed;ithem. They seemed to single .outv a* spot^a-Jroserbud in the flower- pattern'; of tlie cabinet—' and then the.pointing finger vrent straight tO that Spot'.. ' J."; ; r Unless I i "dreamed, the bud yielded under the.pressure. of the finger-tip ! I saw it sink and spring -back' to its, place. Then almost instantly; -a long, and narrow panel fell out and dropped on , the ground. , , ££ You wish to show; me, the. secret of this?" I gasped, lookin^ltip from the spot where the panel lay£- - : - " To my dismay I Addressed vacancy. The. figure was gone ! ;:: i ■ T b : My alarm -was intense. ■ Had ■ I seen the ghost of Rodney Gauntlett ?. ;.' My conviction was that I had. Yet the finger had touched the spring, the rose-bud had yielded, and there was the result before me ! Could a spirit have done;that ? If so, for what purpose ? - "While, more dead than alive, I asked myself tMs second question," my eyes involuntarily turned toward that part of the cabinet from; wMch the panel.had dropped. A small aperture had been laid bare ; evidently a secret recess ; and what it - contained -was clearly revealed to my gaze. It was ai folded papor. With a tremulous hand I snatched at the paper and tore it open. Casting my eyes hurriedly over it, I saw that- it was a will—Rodney Gauntlett's will. Through a mass of blurred Tetters, I gathered that by means of it he revoked all former wills ; and then I lighted on these words, glowing, as they seemed, in letters of '« all my real and personal estate, amounting at tMs present writing to three millions sterling, • to Julia Gauntlett, otherwise known and designated by me as Julia "Wyvern, my' own true and lawful daughter— " • - I could read no more. The words swam before my eyes. : ... ^ - . What! Was I Rodney Gauntlett s own child? Was it a fiction that he had reared me out of the love he bore Ms old friend ? What mystery was here ?. The awe, the marvel, the mystery of what was passing confounded me. My only proof- of the reality of all was the, crackling of the paper I. grasped in my hand. That was real';: -that, and/the. cabinet from which I had taken it. _Yee ; ani hark.! . TI10 groat hell of;: St.- jraul s •was chiming. Real enough that. I stood; and counted' the quarter-chimes; and then the first for the hour—One; the second—Two. / As the last echo died away, I glancedj again ! at the will, and stooping my head for the purpose, I suddenly fell heavily forward with a crashing sound in my, ears.. A blow had been de^lt from behind, by an unseen handy and. nnder the force of/it I dropped bleediiig and senseless." ^ 1 ; More than a 'week'had elapsed before; the sense of life returned to me. I was in my own bed,- and .- Bridget s'."kindly face was bending over me.- • Pain racked my brow, and I was conscious > of. having suffered intensely. It was some time before I was-.permitted to ask: questions or to receive information as to what had happened. At length Bridget gratified my .curiosity to an extent. ; She informed-me that my patron, Rod ney Gauntlett,'died on the "night to which I have alluded, at three'minutes.to 2, she being then the only person in. tlm house except myself. Her reason for fixing the hour was, that at three minutes to 2—the time at wMch the house ' clock _ gave 1' warning"-—she being ^startled /by- a strange noise, had gone into, his uroom j only to find hnn dead in Ms chair.. While j There a, sound * Overhead;. apprised^ her of iny fall, and at the same moipent St; Paul's struck 2. On rushing upstairs she had found me on the floor where I had fallen, a8 she supposed, in hurrying to 'the :sick man's aid, and - with the back of my head bleeding. At this stage I interrupted her with two questions of the utmost moment to me. Was she quite certain that there was no person in the house besides our selves ? She was quite certain. Did she observe anything peculiar about" the Japanese cabinet, or see any paper on the floor?, No.., These answers startled me. It was hard to believe that I had been dreaming, and yet was it" not more. probable than that all of which ~I~ seemed to have a remembrance should really have hap pened? The apparition, the will, the enormous fortune, the disclosure , of my relationship to Gauntlett, the , brutal attack by which I was overpowered—who would believe in the reality of "these things? How could I even believe in them myself ? It was well nigh impos- i sible; yet it had all been so; real, so terribly real to me, that I could not fore go belief in it without a struggle.. However, I kept my own counsel.' I formed this resolution—I would'- say nothing unless my impressions' received confirmation through' subsequent events. One such confirmation' they did receive— it was a very startling one. When: Rodney Gauntlett's will came to be read,; it was found that his fortune exceeded all; belief. He had been money-grubbing' and speculating all his life, but no one suspected that he had died worth—three millions of money, I His, will disclosed that fact for the first time. Here was a;corro boration of what I. had. discovered in my. dream, or whatever it-was, so strong that it utterly overpowered me. Unless I had read it in the paper I took" from the Japanese cabinet, . how could I have thought of that sum? I eagerly demanded a sight of the: will. It was handed, to me, and one glance dispelled all my illu sions. It was not written on the paper I had seen, and it contained no mention of my relationship to the testator... My name was there, but only for an annuity, of £300 for life. The bulk of the vast fortune was 'left in other ways,' a very large slice falling to the share of the man I detested' and had rejected, Hugh Dimsdale. . /. /f; Time passed on. "I had.quitted the old •house. ■■ All I have ' related had'become 'a thing of memory./ -Bridget was dead. Hugh Dimsdale had; gone I knew not' where. In the process of time/ I had almost persuaded myself out of the reality of what I long held as themystery.of-:my life.' ; 1 ; T y ; . --v/ •• One winter '; evening . an adventure occurred to me. - •' . -/ Returning home from a long , walk I saw a group of persons; bending over some object lying' on .the ground. : As; rthey moved aside on my drawing near, I; saw that it "was a squalid man in' the rags; of a beggar. He was ill, haggard,-'starving'; —yet I could not mistake that face; ; - -hfiHngh. Hinsdale !" I " exclaimed aloud. • . •• • . ; He shuddered as he lay,.thenloqked up' feebly, shading his eyes with a tremulous hand. With that hand he beckoned me; to' his side. Too Weakto speak aloud, it was! only by drawing my ear towards his mouth thathe could make me understand' what he had to say. . It took this form ; ; '' " Julia Gauntlett—for that is your' true, right name—I robbed you of all. I did-it .- —I knew Gauntlett's last will was hidden in that cabinet-r-knew it from; the first'; knew its purport, and strove; to make you mine 'in consequence. Had, you consented, we should have share J the old man's millions—you and I. You re jected me, and I had recourse to. other .means to get the later will destroyed, so that t might benefit by a former will, "under which I was entitled. I was in the house when he died, his life shortened by my means. I passed from his room to yours,-when I had made: sure of the old will that left me so much. I came upon you as you read the will you had found—the true will, in which he had acknowledged'you as his child, and left you all. Ic was I who struck you down and secured, that paper. I swear .to you that this is the truth." ■ ■/■ ~ " But tell me," I cried, " what do you know .of my father's motive in disowuing me—of my mother—" : . , "Nothing." , "And this other will ?" ' "Destroyed. Consumed in the flames.' The fortune can never be yours." . . _ .. They were his last words, spoken with; his stiffening lips:—and they were true. Without, the will, it was impossible for, me-to gain one penny more of my father's princely iortune than I now, enjoy. The wealth he had designed as a recompense for the wrong he had done me—heaven alone knows why !—had flowed away into Other channels, and could never be re covered. - 1: had held the right to it for three minutes only: from the moment of. his death—that in which he had appeared to me—until the .villain's hand snatched' it away. Only for three minutes out of a. whole lifetime ; but during that: space my income exceeded that of any potentate in the! world. It was at the rate of a million a minuter '■■ ■'1 Y .., The East India Company.—The East India Gamp any now consists, besides the proprietors of stock, of a Chairman, five Directors/a Secre tary, and. a clerk. For the offices in Moorgate street they pay a .rent of £250 per.annum. Of all the,vast territories and establishments once in their possession they -now "hold nothing, all having been transferred to the Imperial .Govern ment. Even the far-famed . Oriental Library and Museum have passed from their hands. The Court of Directors now simply hold in trust the capital stock, and_ also the se curity or cumulative fund, to wit, £2,000,000 invested in 1834 in' the funds for the redemption of the Company's' stock; which sum, , by reinvestment of the proceeds/ now amounts- nearly to six arid a: half millions. She dividends guaranteed by the British Go vernment are paid at the Bank of Englandj arid may be • redeemed by Parliament in the year 1874; The capital"" may "then be purchased at £200 for £100 stock. If the purchase should be found inconvenient, the existence of the company may be prolonged, no doubt to the satisfaction of the proprietors of stock, who are now guaranteed 101 per cent, dividend. The company receive a grant of £800 per annum from the Secretary of State for India, for defraying salaries and incidental expenses. A court of director's is held once a month, arid a general court of proprietors twice a year. An astute member of the legal profession looking over some old documents recently, so far forgot himself as to mistake the "will "for the "deed." • - " ; •; 