THE FATE Of BEINC, DEAD AVITHOUT TfNOwTNft TT (From tlio Pall Mall Gazette, July 1.) "" Aye,'1 said Lord Chostoriicld in tho day of his hge,''poor old Tyraivley and I aro both of us dead, if we'oiily knew it." It is astonishing that tins .fact of people being dead for years before they are buried is not more commonly perceived and acted op than it is, and not people only, but boohs, newspapers, institutions, nnd whatever else is capable of having life and keeping the appear ance of it after the reality has come to ap end. For joolt vliero we will, on every side you see incur- allies' 'rind iucapables tripping and stumping pitjipr q«l thither with all tho pretensions and airs' of life as if they ivcro in the hey-day of a career, wliilo in truth they arc only as spent cappon-baUs, tooflilcss watchdogs, ghosts, or whatever emblem one may choose for what was once something and is now nothing. A book, for example, can preserve an amazing air of vi tality and popularity for years after nil the truth that was once in it has been absorbed into cur rent opinion, transferred to new forms and ex presses i ory owing to change of circumstance has ceased to be true at all It is notorious that q journal mqy keep most of its reputation nnd ovor so many of its readers long after any jn- telleptufilTsap has ceaspd to flow in its columns, and after.it' has begun to give its readers instead offriiitage, mere abiindanoe of dry leaves qnd stioks; And so of human beings. It is immensely difficult for a man to know when he is dead ; to know, that is to say, when he has lost tho faculty of moving along with his time' and living in its foremost ideas and aspirations ; when he has no longer anything to liopo for, nor much to care for, nothing to contribute to tho common stock, nor much to receive from tho efforts of others nor any. will to receive it. Of course it maybe said that, '-from this point of view a great many persons are as good . as stillborn to begin with. And this is quite trpo. There is something partly pathetic and partly comic in the number of men and women whom one meets in the world who have never been quickened into hfe by the stimpdqs. of circumstance, and yet who ipove thrpqgu their existence, with all the qionney of active crpatures. They cat ana drink, and, to a certain extent, have the gift of articulate speech, and they go i' tlx' catalogue for human creatures. But what is all tliisbutsimulfttioiiof life? They only move frfapliantasmagoria. Nothing comes of thepi, pxoept a certain blocking up gf the wjiy for theilinng..' 'Tliese persons, however,' .are to bo borne with, -if without sympathy, also without active wrath.- 'Anger directed against blocks is a waste Qf.-ajgood thing. ; : The case of those who have lived and live no more, yet remain on the face of the earth not withstanding, is different. Their obstructive power is of an active sort,, and, with the reputa tion of their lives to back them, their chances of doing n&cl;&Fita;'inost seriously ample.. Take a political for example, who has been bred up in principles that have become sacred traditions with him, and : which appear to him to contain all things that are needful to salvation. The reasons which recommended them to him may have been good reasons, , qnd . for their time (hey may have suited circumstances to perfection. But circum- stances.change, and unless the man changes too and shifts'liis ground to match, then all' the good which lie did and got the credit of- doing becomes in the public mind a ground for continuing to believe in him, and so past benefits grow into a root;of present and future injury. The Americans are often reproached with their short memories towards their statesmon. They 'have a quaint proverb about the exceeding smallness of ex- presidents. ' Yet would it not Lave saved; would it not even noiy savej England, ipany troubles if somo ex;prqnaiers apd ex-politicians of lower degree were id fall iuto as small estate as that of men who have1 fijled high political office in Amerifig ? , :>Tfrp good.that men, do perhaps dies witii'tbem f it. were no; bad- tiling if they should dio wh«i.t|ipy have done what good , they can. For this, is just one of those ' places where our English -fashion of reverence, good and gracious as it'is.in yS0"tmany respects, does us reql harm, acjL jvjll. continue to do so until some, magicjan lias oonfeiTed' on statesmen; authors, and all others whom it may concern the admirable quality of lmoiving exactly when they are dead. There is not one leading man out of fifty with this rare gift of knowing , when the sap lias ceased to flow, whew lus agility in moving wi'th circumstances is has come for the retirement into the cool aiid graceful region of reminiscence. There are so many reasons why even a good man should be reluctant to acknowledge that he lias a foot in the political or speculative grave. : His methods have . answered in past times, why should they npt answey now? He was. in active life when his bppbnents - were in .' the "fourth form at school, for lie was studying the highest problems in ' this or in that when they lyere puzzling over . its very , elements ; surely lie;muBt;l>e (thp vvjsei-, &e.; ? Tlio other siie.pf all' this is not apparent to him, ' that the very qualities which enabled him to understand and tojgfapplei withdoiie set; oft circumstances tlioy most effectually unfit him for tho comprehen sion and settlement of the next sot presenting them selves. . To put it into n formula — a human charactor is njppji mofclijiely . to stiffeu . thqn . hutqan .circum stances 'to reproduce itself. Perhaps tho world finds this out most constantly aud most expensively in the case of military people. No exporionce is able to drive out of the beads of a Government the idea that tlip veteran., rqqst bp tlic right peg-son and tlio bqst person "available to place in command. Because old General Scott bad proved himself equal to tbo con duct of a war in 'Mexico, the; American .Government argued that be was the best man tliey could find to tight a territory, of thousands of square miles. The poor man was, in point of military capacity, as dead ten .years ago a3 ho is now. English -military history is'a long chronicle of the effort of men-with life and an alert vision to break tbe monopoly of command enjoyed by creatures long defunct. The penalties which a people pay for their adoration of experience are a great deal heavier in the long run aud Bprend over the total than any which the adora tion of rashness and audacity would be likely to cost them. Only the penalties are mainly negative. They do not assume the shape usually taken by the penalties oi audacity, of tremendous and striking disaster, about whicll there can be no doubt, nor denial, nor mistake. The mischief of the rule of the dead lies in the number of opportunities of which they rob us, of the achievements that might have saved us but for them, of the heroes who wouldhave risen up to deljver us if they had not been kept unper as though they lycre flames of destroying firo llHhCOU u. ...J ,J V. 4.J, ..ft.iu. Man (Jits for Potatoes.— Ap exchange says thq following rocpipt for rqising potatoes is worth th'e prico of any paper for one year to any farmer that is short of manure. It is as good as the best super- phosphate of lime, mid it will not coat half as much. It has been tried two years, and is good on 'dry land. Take ono cask of lime and slack it with -water, and then stir in one bunliul of fine salt, and then mix in loam enough , so that it will not become unortarj It will make about five barrels. Put in half a pint in a bill at plnDting. Tho Russians have a strange practice of baptising the iufantsi that aro left at their foundling hospitals. The ice of tlio Neva'is broken, and the "Archbishop of St. Petersburg pcrfo-ms tho ceremony,. Some times tho dhihl slips out of tho hands of tho Arch bishop, and is carried down tho stream. " God has token this child, hand me another," is the reply. 