1URIl"D ATlVi, AND SflOT AS A. (H;l)S I'. Tie Olevelnnd Plaindrlenlr tells tilhe following strli?ng inhlellnt' t s havilngl on curod in southern Ohl in: An old gentleman, named Delos Winnsn, became fralntically Ian ry with his son because he haid lost a large rum of his. father's money on a bet. Hlis frenzied feelings soon got the better of him, and he felled his son to the floor with a blow of his fist, and immedinicly thereafter fell cdown in a senselessecondi tion. Great excitement in tile family eni sued. The mother ran screaming for ,ssistance, which was soon forthlcoming in tile persons of several ,nighlbors, Mr. WVinans was hound in nn apparently life less condition, with blood flowing from his nose and mouth. A subsequent examinatlion y a physe cian led to the announcement, by himnl that Mr. Winans Itnd died from the bursting of a blood vessel. So evidently had the vital spark fled that no eflort at resuscitation was made, and tile retlmilns were prepared for burial as promlptly as possible. The funeral of tile deceased took place tile following Wednesday. Mr. Winans',body nd on lybeen coflined tile previous day, up to which time it had lain drapod in a shrond in the parlor. Notwithstanding tile wonderfuil life-look of tile skin, and the color of the face, it occurred to no one to sllggest I postpone llent until death was absollltely certain. The funeral was largely ntrended and everybody remarked tile life-like appear ance of the decenased. The remains were temporarily pllaced in one of tile voaults of the cemletery, owing to tile fact that a brick tomb commenced for their recep tion had not been completed. At ten o'clock on Thursday night the village was thrown ilto great excitement by the report that a ghost had been seen in the cemetery a short time before, and that the old lady who first saw it was frightened into a fit, fromn which it was doubtful whether she would reeteCr. Thinking that plrobably the ghost was personated by some scoundrel, who had played the trick several times before, n number of persons armed themselves with shot guns, plroceeded to tile cemelery, and comlmenled a enutious inspection-their hearts thumping in their bosoms in spite of thleir assumed br:lvado. 'I',hv had not long to wait, for there, ilittin, amlong tile tombs, was a white object plainly to be seen. With Irembling hands tliey raised their guns and fired, when-sItange fact for a ghost-tlley saw the whllite (',ea re fall between a couple of graves. Pickingl up courage, they cautiously approaclled the object and turned a lantern upon it. Their feelings can be better imlagined than described when they fouii that the ghost was the lately deceased Mr. Wi nans. While a portion of the party picked up the bleeding; and senseless body of tile old gentleman, iand started homeward with it, the remainder hastened to the vault. Theie they found Mr. Winans' coffin broken open, and lying upon the floor, and the coffin of a deceased lady, tlat had been placed ulon it, likewise thrown down from tie heelf, and standing on end, also partly broken open, display ing its ghostly inmate. The vallt door which was ratler a weak affair, lhad been forced open by the resurrected lan. The party then wentto Mr. Winans' house, and here they found that hiis wounds were not serious anl that lie had recovered his senses. lie had been carried to the cemne tery in a trance. Early' on Thursdny evening consciousness flashed upon his mind that he was coffined olive. Trhis lent additional strength to his struggle to get free, and he finally succeeded in bursting open tile coffin. 