IMPROVED STATIONS IN RIVER1NA. No. 1—Coree. (From the special Reporter of the Pastoral Times.) In order to remove much misconception in the public mind as to the condition of the stations in Southern Riverina, and particularly to inform those who have not had an opportunity of making themselves acquainted with the improved system of wool-cleansing by hot and cold water operating on the sheep's back, I present the following as the first of a series of these articles. Coree Station is 48 miles north of Deniliquin, and is on the Billabong Creek. I give the modus operandi in cleansing the wool on the sheep' s backs by hot and cold water. The washing depot is on the northern side of the Billabong Creek, and the soaking and spouting tanks- are about 12 yards from the bank, through which a sluice is cut to feed the centrifugal pump, and which is placed in position at the head of the sluice, and near the spouting tank. The engine, working a centrifugal pump, is one of seven horse-power, bought at Melbourne for £280 and is worked to a pressure of 0 lbs to the square inch. It is most compact, and keeps the machinery in motion with perfect ease; of fuel it consumes one cord of wood every two days; the wood is cut for 3s. per cord, and is conveyed to the engine by station drays, The boilers are of 400 gallons each, and are filled by a two-inch pipe from the spouting trough, and it takes about an hour to make the water boil. They are generally filled the last thing at night, a little fire being put on, so that in the morning they are soon heated. The hot-water soak is 28 feet long by from 4 1/2 feet at bottom to 5 feet at top, and 5 feet deep, divided into four compartments, and contains 2,000 gallons of water, to which are added 10 lbs. of soap and 10 lbs. of soda for every 1,000 sheep to be washed. The hot soak is cleaned out every evening, the bottom dipping to a box-drain which, closed and opened with a valve, conveys the soiled water to the creek. The temperature of the water in the soak is kept up to 110 degrees, and washing commences first thing in the morning. The sheep are brought from the yards contiguous to the depot to the small yard terminating in a platform erected two feet above the hot-water soak, into which they are plunged as required. They are then guided into a compartment a little wider than themselves, where they stay for about three minutes. When the proper time has arrived, they are allowed to go forward on to a platform a little above the level of the top of the water of the hot bath. Here the sheep stands for a time—greatly reduced in bulk—the wool sticking close to its sides, the hot water trickling down, and returning to the hot soak down the platform. The sheep now gets breathing time, and though looking much cleaner and less like a vagrant than he did before he got his hot bath, still he is only half clean. Here he stands looking about him, apparently bewildered at the operation. The steam-engine close by is puffing away, while, perhaps, the washers are singing "Cheelyman"'—a song well known to those who have crossed the seas. Eventually the sheep is seized by a man, in whose bare, brawny arms the 50 lbs. or 60 lbs. of mutton encased in wool are as nothing. The animal is now pitched neck and crop into the cold spouting tank, where he is remorselessly seized by two men, one taking hold of the head, the other of the two hind legs, they hold and turn the struggling sheep under the douche, where the water descends from two wide thin jets with great force and in large quantity over the head and body of the bewildered creature. He is kept from 40 to 50 secouds under the jets. The process, hot and cold, takes about five and a half minutes. The sheep goes in a dirty brown, with clotted and matted locks or fleece, and lands on this platform, a milky white, his woolly coat or fleece fitting closely to his sides. Though glad to get from the power of the operators, the sheep in some instances becomes so weakened as to be unable to keep his legs, in which case he lies help lessly down on the battened platform—his fat sides panting, his eyes dilated, mouth a little open, and tongue protruding, he himself looking the picture of despair, apparently about to give up the ghost. Should he lay long in this position, he is helped upon his legs by one of the men, and finally the animal walks or totters to terra firma, quietly making his way into the adjoining paddock, which is one of a series of paddocks leading to the wool shed. Through this process 1,700 sheep are put daily, but the appliances on the ground are capable of turning out 2,000 per diem. There are four spouts, and each one is capable of doing 70 sheep per hour. It struck me that these brush fences answered admirably; they keep the wind from raising the dust, as the outer part of the wetted wool would of course freely catch any dust blowing about, and the outer side of the fleece would lose its whiteness, though the mass of wool, from its cohesiveness, would run no risk of being thus contaminated, for a period, depen- dent on the drying qualities of the atmosphere, of from two to three days, the washed sheep is allowed to roam about these paddocks until he has been handed over to the shearer. Here the sheep is denuded of his woolly coat, which it took him 12 months' grazing to bring to its present weight, and it now weighs about 40 ounces—the wool of sheep fed on the frontage of the run having lost in specific gravity by the cleansing process about 2 1/2 ounces of dirt, grease, potash, &c.; Sheep from the dry back blocks, where they have to travel far for food, and where the surface soil is greatly mixed with sand, lose about 60 or 70 per cent, in weight of fleece. In this saltbush country the fleeces will not be as heavy as in the richer and more fertile districts of the colony. Here in Riverina it takes throughout the year about four acres of average land to sustain a sheep; in other and richer districts one acre suffices. In the saltbush country, therefore, the sheep must travel in search of food—hence he does not fatten so quickly as if he could satisfy his appetite on a small area, and by the same rule the fleece is not so heavy as in better favoured locali- ties; so that independent of the breed or size of the sheep it is still an open question whether carcase and wool can be brought to the same per- fection in the Riverine territory, with its sparsely furnished herbage or grasses, as they are, for instance, in the rich districts of the western parts of Victoria. It is still an open question whether quantity of country can make amends for quality in the soil. In about I00 hours, then, at Coree, from the time when the sheep were plunged into the hot bath, the wool is washed clean, the sheep shorn, fleeces sorted, wool packed by powerful machinery, and the wool en route for England via Melbourne. There were about 25 shearers employed in the shed, and a few assistants, woolwinders, and pickers-up, at 15s. a week and food; for shearing I8s. per 100 was paid, and as a first-class shearer can clip 80 sheep a day, and an average hand do about 50 or 60, the earnings of each man would be from 9s. to 16s. per day, the men finding themselves. At the stations they can purchase meat and flour at about cost price, and sleeping room costs them nothing. It is gratifying to notice an improvement in the shearers as a class, many of whom are farmers of small means from Victoria, aud some of them have grown-up sons, and they possess drays and bullocks, so that in each shearing season in Southern Riverina a farmer, with two or three sons and a team, could earn £100 while his crops are growing. Thus one interest supports another. It must be very short-sighted persons who would preach that the squatting and farming interests are in any way opposed to each other. The charge for conveying the wool to the terminus of the Mel bourne and Murray River line at Echuca from Coree, a distance of about 100 miles, is 80s. per ton, with a bonus of 5s., or in some cases 10s. per ton, if the wool is delivered within 10 days. Each dray can very well take from 20 to 24 bales of 300 lbs. each, or, say three tons of wool, and by industry, with perseverance and sobriety, four trips can thus be made, netting about £50 each team for the season. The 53,000 sheep at Coree (there are 14,000 lambs —these are not to be shorn) are expected to turn out about 150,100 lbs. weight of clean wool, or roughly estimated, at_67 tons, and as each fleece is expected to be worth 5s. at least, making a total of £13,250 for the season's clip. The amount paid for shearing would be £477, to which may be added about 20 per cent, for assistants, or say 690, and the carriage would be something like £300. The station and cattle were, a few years ago, sold to Messrs. Mackinnon & Lydiard for about £60,000, since which Mr. Samuel Wilson purchased it from them, and has changed it to a sheep-station It is enclosed by wire fencing, and is so subdivided as to carry 53,000 sheep and 14,000 lambs, with working horses, bullocks, &e.; The acreage is 130,000. Up to March last there were 74,000 full-grown sheep on Coree, but this was after an exceptionally fine season, as the winter of 1867. The sheep are all of the Merino type, 2. 4, and 6 toothed; among them are 1,000 ewes and 300 rams of Bayly's fine breed. The wool is of considerable fineness, has much waving, some is short in staple, but moderately fine in fibre—it possesses the two excellent qualities of soundness aud fineness. A practical woolsorter of eminence examined speci- mens in my presence, and pronounced them as being nearly as clean as they could be if washed by the best process known. It is customary in England to allow 15 lbs. percent, for dirt on best cleansed wool. On the Coree wool he would allow 18 lbs, being a difference of only 3 lbs. in 100 lbs. Of course there are immense improvements on Coree—one dam alone has cost £1,000—and the capital invested is very considerable in superior stock, in fencing, in wells, and in scores of small works. Economy is here the rule, under the able management of the chief superintendent, Mr. McLean. Coree represents the bright and successful side of squatting. Though the returns look large, I do not think from minute calculations they average more than 15 to 17 per cent, one season with another, and taking all the risks into consideration. While successful squatting pays well in the hands of men owning large capital, it is an avocation demanding more than the average amount of shrewdness, perseverance under diffi- culties, and activity. Turning from the Crown tenant to the Crown itself, there is a splendid future for New South Wales in these extensive squatting runs under wise legislation. Reverse the picture, however, and let the political war cry be "havoc", undermine these improving sheep- walks in the confidence of capitalists, the State's property will decrease in value, and New South Wales will have a large territory overrun with masses of poor settlers, who may exist, but can hardly be prospereus. The Weather and Grasshoppers at Port Augusta.—On October 19 our news letter says:— "The weather for the past week has been very unpleasant indeed; hot winds and clouds of dust all day. Grasshoppers are getting very numerous on the stations near this, and are destroying the feed." Rumours of Scab.—Rumours are continually being circulated that diseased sheep have been seen on this side of the Murray —sometimes it is in the market- yards, then in a flock of sheep no one will tell where, but the intelligence is kept floating about in a most mysterious manner, if any one does know of the existence of diseased or even doubtful sheep, he ought certainly to communicate with the Chief Inspector at once. News of such description is too important to the whole country to be kept in the dark, and conceal- ment is much to be deprecated. We are authorized to state that any communication of this sort made to Mr. Valentine will be held strictly private if desired. The Takeall.—Mr. R. Gilbert, of Middleton, writes on October 19:—"The takeall is making fearful work with the wheat crops in the South since the hot weather set in." We have not had any letters confirmatory of this impression from our own correspondents in the same district, and are therefore hoping that the area in which the takeall is making havoc is somewhat circum scribed. 