THE OPENING DAY. IT is generally admitted that those who are not engaged in the game see most of the play. In all contests, mimic or real, this seems to be true, and impartially regarding the effort made to overthrow the Government, and their defence of their position, we fancy that we have seen a great deal of the game. In our experience of parliamentary contests we have seldom seen one worse played, on both sides. At the opening of Parliament on the 18th we felt some little pride at the un- exceptionable manner in which the whole ceremony was got through, at the enthusiasm manifested in favor of His Excellency the Governor, and the magnificence of the Chambers in which the proceedings took place—erected, by the way, at the sole expense of the Municipality of Brisbane— and we believed that, if some of our Southern neighbours were present, they' would carry away one favorable im- pression at least of this colony of Queensland. But as the proceedings of the afternoon commenced, and developed themselves, it became very obvious that though we might open Parliament in u exceptionable style, we very much lacked the material to carry on a great contest in a manner deserving of approbation. The Speech from the Throne has one merit —its brevity—and many defects. It is not profitable to criticise its composition, though some fun might be got out of those " rains which have partially fallen in di ferent parts of the country," and out of some other remarkable sentences in that latest production of Ministerial skill, but apart from these peculiarities it is vague and weak in the extreme, except in one particular in stance —that in which it promises a redu tion of the ad valorem duties by one- third. In this instance it is either designedly false and written to mislead, or the pro- mise is an entire absurdity. Let us deal as mercifully as may be with it, and dismiss the idea of its being merely a bid for one or two doubtful votes in the House and a little popularity outside of it, and very briefly consider it as though it was meant in good faith, to be carried into practice. Ad valorem duties are not ob- jectionable mainly because of their being 10, or 7½, or 5 per cent, but they are ob- jectionable because of their very nature. The manner in which they are of necessity collected is most objectionable, and sometimes most offensive; they in the most direct manner incite to the use of false invoices and other de- vices for escaping an obnoxious and in quisitorial tax; they are most expensive in collection, and in proportion least suc- cessful in the results obtained there from; they are notoriously inefficient, and the great interest of the public lies between their abolition and their continuance as at present, and not in regard to a reduction of 2½ per cent. The promise of this absolute and fixed reduction is in itself a grave mistake, and certainly is sorry proof of statesmanship. The Ministry and their opponents are just now so evenly balanced that few can say which party shall rule one month hence. The announcement, therefore, of such a specific reduction, to come, will necessarily affect trade —will restrain the taking of goods out of bond, and, as a matter of course, will be some present loss to the re- venue, and possibly a more serious one in the future. Then comes the question, is this reduction practicable or justifiable without such a revision of the tariff as will supply one-third of the amount derived from ad valorem duties from some other source? Where is the proof that the Government can, without it, show a surplus—with it, we make bold to say, that no real surplus can even now be shown; but assuredly there is nothing to justify a sacrifice of one-third of the large amount derivable from the ad valorem duties. The ordinary requirements of the service, as administered by the present Govern ment, are not a shilling behind the revenue they have at command ; and if the fourth paragraph in the Speech means anything, it involves a very considerable outlay, and a large sacrifice of what is considered fixed revenue. How, then, in the face of these facts, is it possible for the Govern ment to advise an absolute reduc tion of taxation, and to do that, even while recommending that we should contract a further loan. But why need we discuss those points; they will hardly appear in a more tangible form than in the Vice-regal Speech. The general opinion is that Ministers mean to try " how not to do it" in regard to this 2½ per cent, and that with regard to the Pastoral Relief business, they are wholly in the hands of the House, and have not a definite policy. The general opinion will most probably be found to be right. However poor a production the Minis- terial proclamation might be, it was sure to find a proposer and seconder, and on this occasion Messrs. Thompson and S. Hodgson were the gentlemen favored with the privilege of moving and seconding the address, in reply to this precious document. It would neither be customary nor kind to comment severely on the speeches of new members, and we shall dismiss them speedily. Mr. Thompson addressed the House in a clear, collected manner, in which we have rarely heard a maiden speech delivered; he spoke strongly in favor of an extension of the cotton bonus, and against railway extension to Bris bane. As for Mr. Sam. Hodgson, he ought to have held by his first reso- lution, and have seconded the resolution in the most formal manner. When he went to the table the beholders felt sorry for him. The irrepressible eloquence of his hustings speech came back upon him and carried him —metaphorically speaking —off his feet, but only for a very short dis tance. Every now and again he used to " touch ground," and drag Jike an anchor in a gale of wind ; but at last he found bottom—in a dam on a main line of road, and got safely back to his seat. The want of confidence motion took no one by surprise; but that Mr. Fitzgerald should move it, and Mr. Groom second it, surprised many. The hon. member for the Kennedy's speech was a very damaging one to the Government, though it was delivered with exceeding tameness. It was calm— too calm—and took up entirely new grounds of objection, and evidently was spoken more in sorrow than in anger. That Mr. George Thorn should surreptitiously skedaddle at the last moment last session, and that Mr. Clark should sacrifice himself to principle and the claims of Warwick, were things hard to be borne, but they were as nothing compared to this defection. Mr. Fitzgerald had certainly helped to pull them through the early stages of existence more than any other man in the House, Mr. Archer perhaps excepted, but even he had not been so tender or so watchful. But Mr. Fitzgerald's nurselings had utterly stumbled when left to run alone, and not only that but they had strayed into extravagance and evil courses. Stating his points plainly enough, but not very fully, the hon. member for the Kennedy declared that he had not confi dence in the truants. The impression made on most people by his speech was that though he had damaged his late friends considerably, he had not made out a case against them deserving of capital punish ment, and that he had not wished to do so. Mr. Groom's speech needs no special remark, excepting that the fact of his seconding the motion appeared to surprise his own party rather more than it did the Government. The speech of the Premier in reply was one of the weakest he has ever uttered. Argument there was none, and style and tone of delivery were Mr. Mackenzie's but it was even worse than this, and in itself furnished the best argument, of the whole debate, that the hon. gentleman is wholly unequal to act as leader of the House, or to occupy the position of First Minister of the Crown. The speech of Mr. Douglas was the speech of the evening. The hon. gentleman for some time proceeded with unwonted, and, as it seemed, forced calmness, and his remarks, which were directed full against the Ministry, were as effective as their constrained and very circumlocutory style would permit. Having delivered himself of a marked condem nation of the Government, the hon. gentle- man suddenly turned round and made the hon. member for the Kennedy and his par- ticular opinions the target for every re- maining shaft in his quiver. He quoted from that hon. gentleman's rather impassioned jspeeches of a couple of sessions ago, Iall the bitter things said by him against Mr. Macalister and the trusting sentiments in the then new Northern Ministry enunciated by him. Each happy hit was hailed with cheers from the Minis- terial Benches, and as the applause grew louder the hon. gentleman seemed to warm to the strange work he had set to himself, and tried hard, now that he had got hold of a brand wherewith to scatter his party, to use it to the utmost effect. Indeed he seemed quite bereft of that caution of which the least astute poli- tician usually exhibits some small modicum, and almost in so many words admitted that he was a bitterly disappointed man, writhing under some real or fancied slight put upon him by his party. Entirely apart from questions of who shall reign and who shall not, Mr. Douglas' political sup- porters will no doubt be much puzzled and vexed by his extraordinary speech of the opening night. Its utter childishness and recklessness have done him irreparable injury as a politician. How it will affect the party with which he has so long acted can hardly be doubted. Mr. Archer was evidently in no doubt as to its bearing, for he with alacrity seized the opportunity of following Mr. Douglas, and in a clever effective speech, made the most of such an excellent chance of showing that leading members of the Opposition were utterly opposed to each other on questions in which the North was particularly interested. When Mr. Archer sat down, the victory in debate was undoubtedly with the Go- vernment ; but it was Mr. Douglas, not Mr. Archer, who had given it to them. As heads were counted the Government had fifteen votes, and the Opposition a like number. The Speaker's vote would of course negative the amendment, and so the victory would be with the Govern- ment, though a poor victory indeed it would be, and not one by which they could hope to be enabled to carry on the business of the country. But had the division been taken at the time there would have been other things to be con- sidered than the mere counting of heads. The Ministerialists presented a compact front, and if there were any men in their ranks not entirely reliable, and not entirely satisfied, they had the good sense not to proclaim the fact. The Opposition, on the other hand, seemed to have all the elements of discord in their midst, and vote as they might, they seemed greatly disorganised. The Hamlet's Ghost, with the spurious Count on board, put into Somerset (Cape York), on or about the 15th August. On being boarded by the police boat, he made inquiries as to whether a frigate had arrived there, and on being answered in the affirmative became agi- tated and eagerly inquired about her movements, but appeared relieved wben told that the vessel was H.M.S. Virago, and that she had left the settlement in January. He remained eight days, and during the whole time kept a bright look out for vessels in the offing. The captain and crew were discharged in consequence of a row between the " Count" and the captain, in which revol- vers were drawn. The crew refused to put the captain in irons. It appears that the Count had kept them in awe by threatening to give them twenty-five lashes a-piece when he fell in with the Austrian frigate he was always expecting. The Acting P.M. induced the crew to re-ship under a fresh agreement, all but the captain and steward, who remained behind. While in port the Count was always dressed in the uniform of an Austrian captain of cavalry and wore a sword when on shore. He made a great display of the money he had with him, and purposely left bills of exchange lying about his cabin for visitors to see, many of which were filled in for large amounts, and only wanted his signature. He succeeded in imposing upon the authorities, taking supplies for his vessel and paying for them in bills, which the holders will doubtless discover are about as valuable as drafts upon Aldgate pump. Among those who were swindled are two naturalists, one named Thorpe. The Count bought some stuffed birds, &c.;, from them, to the amount of about £30, but some slight compunction must have touched him, for contrary to his custom he paid them half cash and half by a bill. He sailed for Batavia on the eighth day, leaving letters for the captain of the Austrian frigate and his bankers in Syd- ney ! The frigate was ordered to follow him on to Timor. The captain he had with him is one Austin, late master of the brig Reliance, which was wrecked on the Solomon Group. He was picked up and brought into Bowen, whence he shipped as mate on board the Hamlet's Ghost. Two days after she left Somerset, the schooner Captain Cook arrived from Bowen with a war- rant for the arrest of the "Count."— Gladstone Observer. The Rev. W. N. Truss, of Donington, near Wolverhampton, having written to Mr. Disreali, inquiring whether women will be entitled to vote at the coming election, the Premier replied, through his private secretary, that" it rests with the revising barrister alone to decide whether names are properly placed on the list by the orenMn." 