EVANGELICAL RELIGION. We have received a copy of an admirable little treatise by. the Rev. J. O. Ryle, entitled " Evangeli. eel Religion : what it is, and what it is not." It hbe been reprinted here by several atlen. dants at St. John's Church-principally, we believe, members of the Young Men's. Asso.i ation-who ate uncompromising opponents of ritualism. We are not aware whether this step has been taken in consequence of the suggestion made by a correspondent of the Examinoer a short time since, who deprecated the discussion of this question in newspapers; but under any circnmstances the gentlemen entrusted witih the duly have made a wire selection, and the etlensive distribution of this pamphlet at the present time cannot be otherwise than beneficial. Mr. .yle gives no uncertain sound. He sees the danger, and points out the remedy. Oar space forbids lengthened extreote, but we may give the points which he elaborates with great power and perspenuity. On the adfirmative side they are:-(11 The aboolute supremacy it assigns to Holy Scripture, as the alone rate of faith and practice, the alone test of truth, and the alone judge of controversy. (2) Tite depth and prominence it assigns to the doctrine of human sinfulness and corruption. (3) The paramount importance it attached to the work and oti eo of our Lord Jesus. Christ, and to the nature of the salvation which He has wroeght out for man. (4) The high place whinh it assigns to the inward work of the Holy Spirit in the heart of man. (5) The importance which it attaches to the outward and visible work of the Holy Ghost in the life of man. We hold that it is wrong to tell non that they are children of God, and heirs of the kingdom of heaven, unless they really overcome the world, too flesh, and the devil. We maintain that to tell's man he is born of Cod, while be is living in carelessness and sin, is a dangerous delusion, sod calculated to do infinite mischief to his soul. We affirm confidently that "fruit" is the only certain evidence of a man's condition in spiritual things, and that if we would know whose be is and whom he serves, we must look fir at at his life. Where there is the gracn of the Spirit, there will be always more or less fruit of the Spirit. Gran. that cannot be soe o is no grace at all, and nothing better than'Anti. nomianism. In short, we believe that where there is nothing seen, there is nothing eos. seessd. On the negative side, he says-(1) Evangelical reliLion does not despise learning, research, or the wisdom of days gone by; (2) does not undervalue the Church, or think lithtly of its privileges; (3) does not under vislos the Christian ministry, (4) the Sacra. m-ntq of b ipti-m and the Lord's supper, (5t the Prayer-book, (ll) or Episcopacy; (7) does not objoet toehandso*ie churches, good ecole. siastat architeesure, a well ordered -cere mo-sial, and a well conducted service; (8f)'nor daes it andervalua Christian holiness and self. denial; "I leave my list of negatives here. I have not time to dwell on them further., The enu of the whole matter is this:-We Live all lawful honor to learning, the Church, lt'. teinietry the Sacrament, Epiaco.iaoy, the Prayer-.ook, ChOrch ornament, and holiness;, I or, we lirmly dicline to give them more hobur than we find given to them in God's word." A .d he thus concludes:-" I suggest finaily, that we must not allow Evangelical. religion to be thrust'ohIt of the bhin ba of Eugland without a struggle. It is a religion which is worth a struggle; for it can point to works which no other school in the Church of England has over equalled. In this matter we fear no comparison, if honestly and fairly made. We say boldly, that both abroad and at home no Churehmen have done no much good to souls no those which are colled Evan golloal. What Sierra Leone can the Rituals isti placo before us as the tnsult of their sye. tom P What Tinnevelly hears' testimony to the truth of their school P What manufao turing towns 'have they resonued fiom semi heat honian P What mining districts have they Christianisod P What teeming popa lations of poor in our large cities can they point to, as evangelised by their agencies 1 We boldly ohallenge a reply. Let them come forward and name them. In the day when Evangelloal religion is cast out of the Church of England, the uesfulness of the Church is ended and gone. Nothing gives the Church of England such power and influence as genuine, well-worked, well-administered Evan gelical religion. But it is a religion that cant only be preserved amongst us just now, I am persuaded, by a great effort and a mighty struggle. Furoor notiot's sake, for our chil dren's sake, for the world's sake, for the honor and glory of our Sod, let ns gird up the loins of our minds and resolve that the. struggle shall be made." 