MESMERISM. Dr. Carr lately exhibited his powers in the art of mesmerism beforo tbo B&tburst; public, which, from tho description givou of tbem, could scarcely full of being highly amusing, and uf producing mingled feelings of awe and admiration on the part of thoso who witnessed thorn. Tho'1 Bathurst Free Press' says : — .. r . 1J!.? _ \ 111-.-. — .- ' in aaauiuii 10 uiu usuiu uiusirauuus oi mesmeric phenomena, the doctor performed two surgical opcraliouswbicb excited the won der and drew down the most euthusiustic applauses of the house. At the commencement of the overling's proceedings, the doctor stepped forward and invited the meeting to ohooso their own chairman. Mr. T. J. Hawkins, of Waluicr, being named, said he bad no objec tion, and accordingly ho wont round to the stage and took his seat, Tho doctor then stepped forward, and snid he was now prepared to extract teeth, or to perform surgical opera tions, without pain to tho patients ; if any persuus present- ueoded his assistance in these ways, and wore willing to submit themselves to mesmeric influence, ho should be glad if they would come upon tbo stage. A boy pre sented himself for the extraction of atuoth; also an elderly man with a cancer on his under lip. With very little trouble, and seemingly without effort, tho boy subject was soon iu- ducted and a tooth drawn, without the slightest uneasy motion on his part, and who, ou boing awoke, walked comfortably to hissoat. The docter thou came to tho front of tho stage, and fixing his oyes on u young man who had bU arm iu a sling, and who sat in a front sent in tho pit, mado a few ' passes' forward, and the young man slowly roso from his seat and ap proached the stage, whieh reached nearly breast high, where of course his progress was Impeded The doctor, however, commandingly, though in silcnco, beckoned him to inouut tho stage, when ho at onco placed his loft hand on tho boards, and ruiscd hifnsclf slowly up, bis one hand (tho left) acting as a lever, and in n few moments he stood closa to tho doctor. After making a few pusses round the head and face of the patient, tho doctor placed him in a chair, and taking tho bandages from off tbe right hand (from which Dr (Jurr had the evening previous amputated a coutractcd linger) proceeded Lu take off another finger from tho same hand. Tho operation was soon performed, tho baud dressed aod placed in sling, when the ductur at once uwukc him. The young man then expressed his thanka to the doctor, aud stated to the audience that bo felt no pain during tho opcraiinu, nor eveu whilst he wus uuw speaking, lie said that bo hud felt no paiu the cveoiug before until about fuur hours after the operation of taking off his other finger hud bcon performed, lie also furthor said that it had bccu reported in tbe town during tbe day that he was dead ; but he would like to see the man who had spread tho report come forward and prove his words. (Laughter and applause.) Wo should havo stated that during tho operation of the doctors (for thoro were lwo,Dr Grant, ofMudgee, assist ing to dress the band) the pianist "struck up the ' Nervous Cure, and the patieut began to beat timo with one foot, aud, being raised from his chair, proceeded in real earnest to 'step it,' to tho great amusement of the audtenco. Tho doctor then stopped tbo movement, and woke the young man, when looking round, ho thanked the doctor, us wo have stated above; end leaping from the stage took his seat io the pit. Dr. Curr then turned to tho old man who sat in a corner of the stage, and who was soon fast enough he brought him to the front of tho stage and placed him in a chair, and tho cancer was carefully excised. Tho blood flowed very freely, and Dr. Grant assisted to tic up the arteries. The old man did not move limb ur muscle, except once, when bo slowly put his hand in the bosom of his waist coat and took out a haodkcrchief as if lo wipo away tho blood. On being woke up, which was done instantaneously, he said he Was quite comfortable, and ' hadn't felt no puin.' Ho said he would tell tho truth, and bidding 'long life to your honour, he retired. Tho chairman here said there would be an inter mission of a quarter of an hour. On resum ing, tbe 'doctor brought several persona out of the audience by mcsmcrio passes, and the usual phenomena were exhibited. A death scene was enacted, and a funeral group formed of several young men and an interesting look ing girl, all under mesmeric influence. Tbey prayed, tbey sorrowed, they bent over the supposed dead relative, they placed flowers (some bits of paper wbicb the dootor let fall near them) upon the body, they covered' tho face of the corpse, they threw flowers into tho grave, and were all in seemingly deep distress until tho mesmerist called out ' a ghost,' when three of the number sprang to their feet and ran into comers in great terror. They were, however, released from their sleep, and became themselves again. Dr. Carr then stated that if we knew all the laws of nature the seeming mystery of animal magnetism would at onco cease. He had ncvor seen the young men who had been before tho audience, in private ; but even if he had, it would have been impossible to pro- . duco the effeots which had uow been witnessed by collusion. Tho surgical operations which had been performed in the presence of the audieocc, were completed without oven a quiver of the eyelid. He considered that nature was one vast universal mystery ; and we knew comparatively little respecting attraction, re pulsion, gravitation, mesmorism, or any other of tho great laws of tbe mental and physical sympathies existing. He made these remarks because unworthy Imputations had been made in reference to theso manifestations; he how ever, must sny that ho regarded them as con temptible in tho extreme. (Much applause.) He .then moved a vote of thauks to the chair man, which was given by acclamation, aud suitably acknowledged. Mr. Hawkins ex pressed himself satisGed us to tho truth of. mesmerism ; ho had been sceptical with refe rence to it, but from what he had now seen he was obliged to believe in it. In a small com munity like that of Bathurst it would bo ea&y; to question those who had been operated upon, tbey were seen every day, and known to bo. respectable. He thanked them, for the expres sion they had given. The National Autbciu was then played by Mr. Tiffin, aud the audi once retired. Remarkable Accidentto a War Ship.— -Tbe United States frigate Mouongubola was. lying off tbe towu of Fred ricks teds, St. Croix, un the 18th November. Commodore -Kissel, the officer in couimnud of the vessel, in de- scrihiug'wbat happened, states that they first , heard a noise liko the blnwjug off of steam. Tho water was then seen to recede from tho beach. In a moment the current was changed, and the ship was swept on towards tho beach. Anchors were torn up. Tbe ship was then . left high on tho beach, the wator retired and. again camo buck in an inimcuso wall, which lifted the ship at least thirty feet overarow:> of warehouses into the first sircot of the town. ' The return water curried tbe ship back .to the . beach and left it stranded on a coral rocf. Only four men were lost. Tbo vessel was of course much damaged. Tue ' Noiivolloisto do Rouen' thus de scribes the Mitrailleuse, a uow instrument of . wnr, partly invented by tho Emperor:— " Imagine a coffee mill half a yard in height, with au opcuing at tho top .half a yard in diameter. Into this the cartouches aro,., shovelled, and by means of a wheel turued by a handle, the. soldier who works the instru- - mcnt lets a singlo eartoucho fall into oaob of the eight barrels of the ' mitrailleuse.1 Theso - barrels are about a yard in length. As tho . trigger falls on the cap it closes the. barrels, tho shots are fired, aud the wheel in turning reopens the barrels,- recocks tho triggor, and . lets other cartouches assume the places of thoso discharged. This instrument, worked by n 6i»glc soldier, discharges from fifty to..' fiftj'-fivo shots a minute, aud is effeetivo at 1,700 yards." - Double Meanings —A Scotoh parson, in tbo time of the Rump Parliament, said in his prayers, " Lnrd bless tbe grand council— the Parliament, and grant tliut they may a', bang together." A country follow standing by, said, " Yes, yes, with all my heart, and the soonor the bettor ; aud I'm suro it's tho pruyer of nil good pnnplo." " But, friends," says tho parson, "Id m't mean as that fellow means, but pray thut they may a bang togotbor in accord and concord." " No matter what cord," replied tho other, " if it be but a strong cord." Tub visitation known as the " American blight" is fur more troublesoino in .the Albury .orohards this year thau» was ever beforo tbe caso. The farmers attribute tha disease to tho introduction of unhealthy plunts from tho Mclbourue aursnries. There aro some varieties of apple trees, such as the "Five-erown pippin," whieh are never affected by the blight, and, as a general rulo, the lucally-raiscd seedlings uro fiee fruui it. 