MATTIE'S DREAM. ? ' rFBOM ONCB A WEEK.1 ,.;? (Goneluded.) «HAP»BR:ni. — -DICK GOES TO THE FAIR. :.. But howwa8 it possible ta doubt in Dick or, in anything bright- and auspicious the next morning, with the friendly sun shining in every corner, and the brisk September breezes singing happy songs through the. trees ? Whilst dressing, Mattie had a3ked herself, a dozen times; if sho had dreamed an ugly dream only ; or -2 the 'storm, and the shelter, and the terri ble speeches of her neighbors were true. It was her duty to wash and dress tho little ones ?—a ^duty hitherto done willingly enough, but to-day they cried and pouted in turns. It waB 'Mattie, youoput the soap in my eyes;' ' Mattie, you are pulling my hair so;' ' Mat tie, you've tied my pinna too tight,' .: all the time j and Mattie lost her temper, patted one, . scolded another, and made them all miserable. What did it matter having soap in one's eyes, or having one's hair pullod ? she thought ; there is nobody in the world so wretohed as I. ? ' : .: -'.:?..' When she went down stairs, the first sight that caught her eyes was a pair of Dick's boots lying in the back kitchen. It waa her usual task to clean his boots — it being thought dero gatory to a man to do such work amongst country people— but she hesitated, to-day, and found other employment. 'Come,' said Mrs Weedon, orbssly, 'black and Bhiue Dick's boots, Mattie, and don't stand with your hands afore ye, as if the world had come to an end, for he's going to Saxmundham fair to-day. Deai1 me ! seven o'clock and past, and he's act down yet. He's need have plenty o' money to lie.abod so !' Mattio took the boots and cleaned them in no very settled'or submissive mood, She did.not.kuow how to deal with tho faots that had been thrust upon her; for the neighbors' words were facts, however little truth there might be in their suspicions.: To ;, : whom should she tell all — -to Dick, or to her ; . v parents ?, Sho; did not in the least know, and she dreaded tho very idea of making a decision. When they, had done breakfast, the elder . ;. children were sent off to sohool, ; and Mrs . ? Weedon and Mattie set the table afresh for ? ??. Dick. He, having seen foreign parts,- must , ?; have ton,sfand eggs, and delicate fare, whilst they were contented with cold dumpling, and . , . . 'flct' (skim-milk) cheese. Mattie'e little ; heart swelled as if it must burst wken he. came ,; down, looking tho smart, ugly, clean, selfpos sessed, bewitching Dick, aa ever. : She gave ; him her little round, reddish, but none the . ;?? , . less pretty Land, and said 'Good morning' - in' the old way, though inwardly a sharp con flict was going on as. to whether she was right or not. If he could only tell what was '?'?... ? going oninhermind, would he not avoid her as if she were a serpent? Poor Mattie iljo- ?_: ;. gically took upon herself the blame of Dick's ; crimes, supposing Dick to hava been criminal. She felt that the act of listening to those fearful acsusations alone had made the things of which he was accused possible : as a ; .:. -. child, who puts back the hand of the weather ? glass to Bain feels that he has brought wet weather. ?' , ' ;; 'Well, Mattie,. what; shall I bring .you ., home from the fair?' said Dick, as he : ; handled knife and fork after the manner .of a ; man who has seen the world, the women look- . , ; ;-._ ? ing on: admiringly. ' Bring her home an understanding, if them's things to be bought,' .. put in Mrs Weedon. ' She's a good girl ; but she's like all tho; gnls — she's not got an under. standipg.' .'What do you say Mattie?' said , , Dick. ' I want nothing,' Mattie answered . curtly. -M Welr( yer lucky ;; and I can't say as . much for myself and the little 'uns,' put in ...,n 4 Mrs. Weedon, who .saw no reason why Dick's , liberal propensities should not be encouraged. ' _ ? 'There's 'Melia without a sho 3 to her foot, Lettie with only one pinna to her back, and , . , that only fit to tear up into dish-cloths.' 'M'll , bring Amelia home a pair of shoes if you give me the measure of her foot, aunt, and Lettie ? some pinafores. Where do you buy 'em ?' ? , ' I den't mean to beg, but I. won't say nay, -to , :, the ehdes, though the pinnas can wait. Run, .' ... . Mattio,' and fetoh your sister's old- shoe as a ? , ;?,,_, pattern for your; cousin.' ?'.,... . --' .???.'--:?.-, Mattie obeyed the command and deposited . .,, the;shpe,..neatly wrapped up, by Dick's elbow. ,..,; .Then she occupiedherself in the wash-house.. .„. ? ... silently.. It was . not; in her nature to feign ' ' anything, much less a contentment she waa . : far from fe- iling.. ..'.' What's, the ..matter.?' asked Dick : ' your're so'glnin to-day, Mattie . ' ' , Will' y°u wa'^ a' I^tle way ^°'rn the ^riffc . with me; and tell nie all about it ?' That, waa just what Mattio wanted. The big pebble had ? been cast into the cup' of water, making iff overflow; and, before they were- a hundred / yarda from tho house, one corner ' of her lilao apvon was saturated with teavs. .There was a ' ' little bit of bank close by, . shaded from the ; wind arid observation , by an overhanging ? - elder-tree ; and Dick led her to it and sat down ' ' ??'?' beside her. Ho did not try to console her, ex cept by little whispered caressing .words ; and how she was blessing him, and loving him all (- the while for that quiet sympathy'. ? Aitdr a few infantine sobs the whole story came out. ' I couldn't keep it to myself , and I dared not tell father and mother ; and oh, ' ' Dick ! you wont tell Master Pipe and Master', : ; .; Simmons that it was, I who told you, will you, ' ? ' ?? ;! Dick?' Dick had turned from red to white, and from white to red again, whilst hearing Mattie's story, and when she had done, thrust her. from him in a passion of resentment,1 ' ' The jealous, sneaking cowards,' he said, setting his teeth and clenching his fist, ' I'll teach 'em to talk ill of me, Mattio, and that , ? ; you'll see, I've a good mind to go back to Australia, that I have! I hate Westhrop, and every soul in it— but you,' he added with a . ' sickly smile. Mattie clung ts him terrified. ' ' Oh, Dick! what does it matter what they say, if it isn't true?': she cried, 'I oughtn't, to have told you, perhaps.' 'Do you think it's; true ?' he asked. She was too iriKhtened ? by his vehemence to speak. Ho seized her with a grip and forced an answer. ' Do you : think it is true ?' he repeated ; ' because if you do, 'Mattie, 'you and I are not very likely to be happy together.' , ' , ''.'?'. \ There ..was-i something in Dick's look and , ./ manner then, that mado Mattie feel- as if he ; '. must be master, anyhow', and as if nothing f ! could be true unless he wished it.- His quick, vigorous way. of liandlirig the report, as if, it ; were some venomous reptilo he, felt sure of , r throttling in .a moment, quite, took her by surprise. How wise he was, she thought, and. how unlike we.po'or women ! He did not' ' dis- ? tract himself by doubts and disquisitions. He was simply angry, and there it ended. 'Aa if I should believe any harm of you, Dick,'; ;\ she said, and put up her rosy childish face to be kissed. Ho would not kiss her yet. 'Look here, Mattie,' he said : 'the people in Wfjs throp are jealous of me because I've been to. foreign parts' and have come home a rich man. , TK'a mv hfllifif t.Viflv'll mnkft thft ?nin.nn inn \\\\-\b to hold us. Would you mind going to live somewhere else ?'? ' I must hear what father and mother say,' she said, the coiners of her mouth going down again. Why had not Dick kissed her? 'Oh,, you love your father and mother better than me, I suppose ! Well, gosd bye, Mattie. I shall miss the train if I stop talking any longer.' And he made a move ment as if to go. . , : But she would not part from him in anger. She was ready to fall at his feet since she had injured him, and she called, his name endear- ? ingly, and caught one of his hands to ker lips. ' I'll; do anything you want mo to do,' she said.! ' I didn't mean to be unkind in telling you what they said : I thought I ought. Are , you so angry that you won't forgive me, Dick?' Whereupon he either mastered him Helf by an effort, or was really melted by the little thing's pleasing tenderness. When he had wiped away her tears with his own fine white handkorchief, and had said a lover's phraso or two, Mattio was conscious of nothing but his care of her, and was happy, though not happy in the way sho had been two days ago. Finally they parted with a smile. Over her washing -tub—it was Washing-day — she could think of nothing elso but Dick at tho fair. Did ho feel still angry with her or would ho come back tho samo Dick as ever ? Things could hardly be the same as they had been, . . anyhow, for Master Pipe or Master Simmons would be suro to talk elsewhere. With Dick present, sho felt that she could bear anything ; but whilst he was away, sho dreaded every foot- - fall, and every accosting voice. . . ? ????': What with washing and other blessed dis-, trnotiona in the ebapo of work, Mattie's Say' wore on apace, and she could hardly believe her own ears when the clook struck six. She took up a rushlight to change her dress, blithely; for would no^ Diok soon be back, and Dick back, what harm could befall her. It was but a simple toilette she could make just the changing of one cotton frook for another ; but she scented her hair with some cosmetic Dick had bought her, and soaped her \- face with soented soap, his present too : for these two processes seemed to make a lady of her. Diok was fain to have her dress in Sunday clothes every day ; but Mrs Weedon had strongly objected to it. 'No, no,' she would say, ' Mattie isn't yer's till ye've taken her to church, and I can't have none o' my gals a-dressing themselves in fripperies^ a' week days, like the Unprudent Ones, which may children o' mine niver be.'. And so Mattie kept to cotton frocks, having first pouted somewhat. Dick was not expected home till a late hour, that is, nmeo'olock; but Bine O C1Q0K CttlilO !U1U UU i/ltn. iavoijuinAjr was tired and sleepy but Mattie, though she dared not say so, and the fiat went forth from Mrs Weedon that the household should go to bed and leave the door open. What thieves would care to find out a poor man's cottage in the lonely Drift ? Mattie' could not sleep. She wanted to see Dick's old easy loving look, to have Dick's en dorsement to the draft of happiness he had left in her hands. He had cancelled his wrath by smiles, by kisses, and by saying such things as sound sweet in any girl's ear. But while ha staid away she could not help dis tracting herself with doubts. Nothing mat tered much to her now, but the assurance of Dick's entire forgiveness. It seemed a very long night of watchfulness to Mattie, though unconsciously she had been sleeping fey fits and starts. Bain came on, and the plashing 1 on the panes so soothed her that at seven .o'clock she was sound asleep. 'Come, Mattie, you've begun la'dyfyin' early,' ' Mrs Weedon said. . ' There's many a slip 'twixt the cup and the lip, so get up and get your sisters their breakfast,' ' Is Diok home, mother?' asked Mattie. ' Home, no! There's no knowing what to expect o' them who've been to foreign parts. Those who stay at home live reg'lar like, and yer_ can tell 10 a ICJJZIllo VVXIDIX LUOj XX jJUU \J2A buom duwwo) and when they'll take 'em off, and thore's Eome comfort in doin' one's best for sioh ; but no good can come of a man who'll do what yer don't expect every day of his life ; and so I tell yer, Mattie.' Mattie made no answer \ but set about her daily work with a troubled face. ! . , CHAPTER IV. — HOW THE DEBAM ENDED. The next morning early came a neighbor bringing Amelia's boots and a message from Dick. He had to go to London on business, he sent word, and might not be home for two days, but would write by post. The messenger, a friendly jobber, who respected Diok and everyone else with whom the world went well, slipped something into Mattie's hands slyly and went away. Mattie hid herself in a quiet corner and undid the packet,, trembling in every limb. To 'her groat bewilderment it con tained a little silver watch, and nothing more ; there was not a word from him sorawled any where. He had promised her the watch many a time, and she would have been proud' of it and happy in it on other occasions ; but coming 'thus it was worse than never coming at all, for Dick could bestow a gift and yet be angry! She gut away the unwelcome treasure in a passion of tears, and determined to punish Dick by not thinking of him any more till he came back. Alas! how was it possible to help thinking of him all day long? Nothing helned her to a auieter mood. Mrs Weedon, as the wedding drew near, got busier and more irritable every day. The children seemed to' come home from school at an unconscionably early hour, ant little Binnie, the youngest, had cried all day with ear-ache. It was very pro voking of her to have ear-ache at that parti cular time, Mattie thought, though she nursed her and was careful of - her nevertheless. When her father came home, matters were worse still, for Master Weedon had been spend ing an hour at the Greyhound and was full of what the village said ana tnougnt oi .luck. Dick was a swaggerer, a liar, a thief, and something else, which Mr Weedon kept for his wife's ear only- But who could prove Dick to be all or any of these things ? -Mrs Weedon rated her husband soundly for having listened in silence. ' Had yer been a man yer'd have let'em know how Diok had one of his relations to stand by him,' she said ; ' and not ha' set by looking as innocent as our Binnie. But that's the way wi' all my sister's husbands — they'n be ridden over by any donkey if it wern't for their wives.' Master Weedon received his scolding meekly as was,beooming a good husband, but stuok to his text nevertheless. He was not going to run down his own relations though there were queer things about Diok, he must confess. Why should he be so angry at the merest question concerning his camarade Tom Catohpole : he — Tom Catchpole — had no near relation to make a stir about him, but there must be something strange about his death, What had become of his money? Dick had positively denied having seen anything of Tom within three months of the time of his death. Bnt there were letters from him much later than that, in which Dick was mentioned aa being his com-; panion, andnothing said about parting com pany at all. ?'..-.'? o This snowball of scandaj, ill report, fiction, —call -it what you will,— had been rolling about the village ever since Dick's arrival, gathering _ i;uu' J-— v-n Aaxr tin nnd Aorpie\ to flnfidk a nine nay vy u»^. a^iu vuu «aio»* w wj^w*.— . openly whilst Dick was in the place, and per haps if he hadn't happened to go away, the snowball would never have broken against the \- Weedons' door. As it was, good Mrs Weedon having talked her husband into a proper state of mind with regard to Dick, began to doubt in him herself . Mattie, having put the little oneB to bed, descended, juBt as her father and mother were tired of talking, and a little out ef heart at the turn affairs had taken. Anyhow, things would hardly be bo pleasant as they had been, they thought, through assuring themselves again and again that Dick was bad. ''? They refrained from telling Mattie what ? had passed ; Mrs Woedon only saying as she went to bed, ' Well, as long as we can keep clear of the work house', we ought to be thankful; and, as I always tell my children, let not the blind lead the blind, or they'll both fall into the ditch'— ft moral reflection which, with Mrs Weedon, might safely apply to any and every thing.' ? But Mattio's quick enrs had gathered a few words' oi the dialogue here and there, and they rang in her ears and sunk into her heart. She folt sure when Dick came back he would go among those evil-tongued neighbors like a raging Samson, and force them to -be silent ; but it hurt her and galled her inexpressibly tt-at they should dare to utter such things. In her bare little room she walked to and fro, crying quietly. 'Oh, Dickl why don't you come back ?'»she whispered to herself. And then she moved little rosy round-limbed Lettie,. who had stretohed herself across the bed, and lay down beside her, wetting the child's shoulder with her tears. Had Mattie been a dainty lady, it is ten chances to one whether she would not have remained wakeful for hourB; but being a peasant only, she must «rork, and sleep after. Accordingly, she was soon fast asleep, and dreaming of happy things. She inight have slept several hours or minutes, Bhe could not tell which, when an intermittent sound of something striking the window roused her. At first she thought it was hail, and laid her head on the pillow, too drowsy to fear a storm; but the sound continued at regular in tervals, and would not let her rest. She rose in her bed, and saw that it was a brilliant moonlight night; itoould be no storm, then. Was it Dick come back? The ono thought took possession of her,, shutting out every other. Stealing softly to the little curtainless window, she losked out and saw that it was he. 'Don't disturb anybody, but dress your self and come down,' he said. 'I have something to say to you.' Mattie did not pause to. consider whether she ought to comply with his command. She felt aa if she must do as he bid her, and having hastily dressed herself, she put a shawl on her head and crept downstairs. The night was so clear that every feature of the homely landscape — the gabled cottage, the apple-orchard, the still pool, the tall elms and.oaks of the Drift— was as distinct as by day. Yet to ^ Mattie the unaccustomed atmosphere of midnight had something fearful in it. The house looked as if haunted by unkind ghosts, the apple traes were not clustered with golden fruit, but with leaden weights, under which she should fear to! walk; the still pool gleamed with a ghastly light; the Drift seemed crowded with leviathans and other monster she had read of threshold. ' Come in, Dick,' she said ; it is too cold to talk out of doors.' ' No,' Dick answered, hurriedly ;' I don't want your father and mother to know I am back, Mattie. I can't come in ; I must say what I have to say oufc here.' - ? Mattie followed him as if under the impulse of some spell. He took her hand and led her a little farther from the house, and as he talked he led her on and on. ' Mattie,' he said, in the same eager, uneasy tone, ' I have got enemies here in Westhrop, and I can never come back again to live among you. I will tell yeu more of that by-and-by. There is time enough,' he added, laughing a laugh that had no mirth in' it. ' But what I have to say to you about other things won't' keep so long, Mattie. Do you mind where you' live as long as you are with me ? Do you mind what people say about me as long as you are not among them to hear it ? Will you go away and be happy, or stay and be miserable. That's what I want to know.' Dick's voice had little tenderness in it, and his fervor was not of that kind to melt and rouse a woman; but his power lay in that cold, clear, logical way with which he stated commonplace things. AH that he had said was so sternly true and simple that Mattie oould but understand what she would never have un derstood by mere force of eloquence only. He saw that if she went with him she should be happy, and if she staid she should be mi serable; and she knew him to fee right. The facts of Dick's mysterious departure, and un explained dread of what the WeBthrop people ? said and thought of him, seemed quite second to the idea of his going with or without her. 'Well, Mattie, which is it to be?' They were two or three hundred yards from the cottage now. With every forward step, Dick's words: seemed to grow more incontestable. Mattie trembled and went on, listening. ?«« Ttiint nt wimt.1 vnnr life will be with me, Mattie : you will become a lady all at once, and I shall never grudge anything to make you happy. We will go to snob a beautiful place called Natal, where nobody knows us, and nobody will think the worse' of you for being a laborer's daughter. I shall buy a large farm there, and if we have any children, we can bring them up to be like ladies and gentle men. You would like that, wouldn't you?' ' If father and mother and the little ones could come sometimes,' poor Mattie said. ' If it's too far to walk, they could have Mr Shar mon's cart o' Sundays.' -Dick -uttered an ejaculation of impatience. 'If you care enough for me to marry me, you must not think about that. We can't have everything in this world,' Mattie. Will you irivA nn fhft others for me?' It seemed im possible to Mattie to give him up, but to go quite away from her father and mother and the little ones ; never to see their pride in her marriage, never to shore her good luok with them, never to go home on Sundays and walk between Dick and her father to church— such a state of things seemed equally impossible. 'Oh, Dick!' she cried, ' why can't we Btay here altogether? Would not that bo the best for all that people say ?' Tim Dick got angry, and his looks and words frightened Mattie; She wavered more and more. 'I don't knowwhat to do; I must hear what they say at home,' she said, trembling and sobbing. ' I do love von, Dick ; but I must do my duty to them.' ' Mattie, I can't give you any time. It must be now or never with us two to-night,' and Dick, his anger being gone, tried to take her hands and to caress her into a willing mood.- '? : ??'., - ? ?? ? ??-?' ? ? ?'.'?? ., .; His tenderness had something terrible in it to Mattie then. She felt as if being tempted te a horrible sin, and would have given worlds to flee away.- But leaden weights seemed to clog her feet. 'Come,' said ©ick; 'you know you mean to come, Mattie. There is a mx waiting a little lower down and we shall drive straight to Harwich— why do you hesi tate, dear ? who is there in all the world you love but me?' and he kissed her and called her by pet- words again and again. Mattie said never a word, and, though spell bound and incapable of resisting by sign or look, was all the time trying to devise some means of escape. She knew, she folt that she must do it ; that to go with him was sin and retribution and gilded misery ; to stay, was right and peacef al, though very sad. She had never been so nearly drawn to Dick as now, nover so fascinated by him ; but the old home love was stronger still* and the sense of duty, learned by the fireside and in the village school room, made her shrink from such a passion with fear and shame. : In that momentary probation Mattie was conscious of a strength within her that she felt, sure would prevent Dick's mastery from being permanent. He might persuade her to go away with him, but he never could per suade her to give up father and mother and all dear, to her. Poor little Mattie I she loved Dick almost as much as she loved them, and she would fain have tried for once and for all to keep^him and not lose them, but he had said that was impossible. ' Dick,' she said, and she deprecated the harshness of her words by taking his hand and hold ing it fast. ' Diok, I cannot go with you now. If you could come back for me byand by, perhaps father would not mind it ; but I dare not run away like a thief. They would never love me any more; and — 'here sho cried afresh, !' I should not deserve it if they did.' Dick began now for the first time to foresee; how the matter would end, and set his teeth,, and knit his brows, muttering angry words. He really loved this little soft, rosy, exquisitely pretty, unkind thing, and he loved her all the better for her firmness. ' I have told you it must be now or never,' he said ; 'I cannot stop any longer. If you will go with me, I. will write to my uncle and make it all right with him. , Haven't I got money ?' he said,' with a bitter laugh. ' ' But there is one thing I must say, Mattie : if you throw me up, you must never tell any one we have met here to night. Will you promise me that, anyhow ?' Mattie promised eagerly; gathering strength in Dick's admitted doubt, He was no longer sure of, her consent, and, that being the case, she felt all the more sure of herself.. 'Good- ' bye', and God bless you, Diok !' she said: ' I' wish you could have stayed with hb. We shall never forget you.' . '« i ?*'..?'?. ? . * ???.???? ;,' * 'Mattie.how cold you are ! you freeze me I' cried little Lettie, pettishly; and poor Matties who longed to hold the child in her arms for the sake of companionship, crept to the edge of the bed, and, after an hour or two, cried herself to sleep. - . When she awoke next morning, she tried to T^cmoflA linvHfiif that she had dreamed of meeting Dick in the Drift. Dick gone utterly from them all ! Dick lost to her for ever ! Dick fled to the world's end I^r-it seemed im possible. But, gradually, every phase of the night's interview came back, and she re pented bitterly of the promise he had exacted from her. ' Run down to the village, and see if the postman has left a letter for us. Biok 'ud be: sure to write,' Mrs Weedon said at breakfast; 'and for all people say, Mattie, there's worse than him ha' worn out shoelea ther afore, now.' . Mattie had to ran to the village, to come back without a letter, and to aot a hundred times during the course of the day as if she knew nothing. After a day or two, a letter did really reach them from Dick. It was dated London, and enolosed a draft for fifty pounds. ' 'I am sorry I evefjpame to Wes thrbp,; to unsettle you all,' Dick said ; 'but I did not know how impossible it was for one to return to the old life in England again. I am now off on my travels, and when I return to England I don't know. I am afraid you ? will all think- I have behaved very bad to Mattie; but when I promised to marry her, I did not knew how things would turnout, and I think she will soon forget all about_ it. Pray don't mind accepting the enclosed, little present from me. It is the least return I can make for all the trouble you have taken about me. I hope to send you some more another time.' And the letter went on to say other tilings wnicn manie uaa io «hu iu iinsDuoi. Weedon and his wife, they listening cpen mouthed. , What with the bitter disappointment felt at home, the talk of the neighbors, and her ever lingering love for Dick, Mattie's life for the next few months was a weary thing. She used to look at the borders ef their little vege table garden sighing to herself, ' Oh, when the crbouses come up again how glad I shall ?be!'? feeling that by that time all the misery must have passed. ' She longed, too, for poor ill-used Harry Simmons to corae back. He would be sure to use her kindly and tenderly, and not blame her for having ouco listened to Dick. Whether or no Dick was guilty of half the crimes imputed to him, the villagers never clearly made out. They were a non-reading people, and had no opportunity of unravelling any mysteries except through the medium of cleverer outsiders. Two or three faots, however, were quite sufficient to blacken his memory ._ In the first place, Tom Catchpole was missing. In the second, Diok was the last person who had been heard of as being in. his company. In the third, Dick had never explained his camarade's disappearance in any way, and had n'oA frA-m' fhn villncro aa noon as such conduct began to.be commented upon. So Mattie's, dream ended: and when the story of Dick's coming and going grew into a fire-Bide tale, she learned to smile. at it too. And Diok never! baine' to disturb the peace of the village again. Mattie remembered him in Bpite of Harry's return— a hero from Indian cam paigns— and prayed for him in churoli, and would fain have been a sister to him despite his. sins.. ? ? ' ? ' '''.'''..' .'''... . A Bahohet Chabged with : Bigamy.— At Bow-street, on Tuesday, Sir ; Eardly: Gideon Culling , Eardley, Bart., was brought up. ui custody .upon a warrant, charging him with i ? :„?„ «ti *.h a 19,fh ni Sfintemher. 1867. married a lady named Elizabeth Allen, his former wife, Bmily Florence, being then and still alive; The prosecution was stated to be instituted by the father of the real Lady Eardley, to whom the prisoner bad been married in New York in 1859; /The second marriage had_ been per formed' publicly in London, and it appeared that the legality of the first was questioned. The prosecution called Mr M'Goe, .of 4 Man chester-street, Hyde-park, who stated that he was residing in New York in 1859, and his dau-*nter, Jamiiy x'lorouco, wu» ougag™ *' —- - defendant. On the 12th of December witness was present when they were married in the usual way by a person purporting to be a clergy man in holy orders, at Calvary Church, an Episcopal Church in the diocese of New York. He saw the parties sign the register in a room attaohed to the church. A deed of separation between the prisoner and Lady Eardley was produced, exeonted by them and by her father (Mr M'Gee) on the 2nd of Ootober, 1863, in which she is described as ' his wife.'_ The prisoner wob remanded, and the magistrate, Mr Flowers, declined to toko bail.— Weekly Dispatch, 