HOW WE GOT UP OUR ROWING CLUB. IT has been said that "you little know wbatjgreat things from little things may rise," which is a very true, just, and admirable aphorism. (N B.—This is a word I picked up at our debating society, and as I rather fancied the sound of it, I used it frequently and with considerable effect.) Now, this said debating society, strange as it may appear, was the indirect r cause of the inauguration of our Bowing Club. You must understand that party spirit bad run very high in our debating society for some months (on some abstruse question about the eternal principles of right, or something equally interesting and improving), when at last matters came to a climax. During a very interesting debate, M'GUDGEON {the leader on our side, and who lost the last election for president by one), who went in strongly for universal wrong and chaos in general, was called to order by tlie Chairman. Now, I don't mean to say what followed was correct, or worthy of a grand deliberative assembly like ours, but certain it is. that M'GUDGEON replied, somewhat warmly, " Ob, you be Mowed! PRES.—I call on the hon. member to apologise. M'G.—Go it! you may call till you're hoarse. PRES.—Gentlemen, I throw myself on the House. M'Gk—Don't; you might bring it down. Ah! ah! _ This allusion to the fact that the hon. the PBESIDENT weighed at least eighteen stone appeared to rankle in his breast directly it had got through the fat, which took some time. PRES.—I'll not sit here to be insulted. M'G.—YOU may go to Halifax and sit there, or elsewhere, it you like. PRES. (majestically).—Sir, you're another. M'G. (derisively).—Sir, you're a person. And so the matter went on, until at last some partisan of the President proposed that we should pass to the next order of the day, but was met with derisive cries of " Shut upt" « Sit down!" " We don't want any order." . About this time it was found that inkstands were flying about in manner which, to say the least of it, was unpleasant to people of a nervous temperament, and one of these missiles a particularly heavy pewterutensil, caught the hon. the President m the pitof the stomach anddepo^ted that august functionary on the flat ^ X ^ J S l back In a very Bhort time the house was cleared without the assistance of the usher, and a portable crane and the necessary levers were procured to lift the august person of the hon. President, which was happily effected just as heWin great danger of falling a victim to^apoplexy or asphyxia. The next day M'&TOGEON;, TOMMY TU™, BOB CHEEEAWAY, FRED BOLUS, DICK GREEN, and myself, formally seceded from the society, having got up at a supernaturally early hour in order {to forward our letter of resignation, as the majority had called a meeting during the mght for 6.30 a.m. the following morning, for the purpose of formally expelling us. We ascertained privately that our letter bad, not been ^eired ^ motion for our ignominious expulsion earned, amidst all the cheering they could get up amongst the eight present, after the recent application of inkstands. The President of course was there, he having been keptaliveduriug the night by artificialinspiration and respiration, which had been happily effected by the aid of a large pair of kitehen bellows. So we were prepared for them, when we receivd the official missiveannouncing our expulsion, and returned it unopened with all the scorn it so well merited" (dash under scorn). Not many days after, ImetM'GuDGEON m the street, a,nd could not help noticing that there was a trace of sadness on his noble brow, in addition to a .cut over the left eye gjff|l • i. Ill out* V J. u i u « V — dent) a little lower. I think it would have been more effective, D'ye think so ?" said L „.„.., No doubt of. it," he answered, meditatively. "Its a great P 1^Ah well, old fellow, it can't be helped; better luclc next time. But I say, JOHNNY, we must get up something to cut them out. For mv part, Tm tired of perpetual spouting ; and if I could only have managed to slate old GOLLYGOBBLES at the last election, I should have cut the affair at once. What d'ye say, old fellow, to something in the physical line T I gave a ready acquiescence, and proposed beer. "Right you 'are, JOHNNY, SO far as that goes; and you shall shout! M'GUDGEON, by-the-bye, although, I understand, one of the most liberal men in the world, had a constitutional objection to cash payments. But I had observed this peculiarity m others. Having discussed the malt to our mutual satisfaction, he propounded the novel idea of starting a rowing club. Now it may be objected by some that, if our ambition lay in the aquatic line, there were enough clubs in existence already to gratify us to our hearts content. ««The United Scrubbers' Bowing Club," "The Disunited Growlers' Bowing Club," " The Peripatetic Cadgers' Bowing Club, and others too numerous to mention, would all have been doubtless willing to receive ua into their ranks, and equally glad to fob ouv subscriptions. But then we should have had to enter the ranks as full privates, while our souls were consumed with a burning desire to shine as presidents, vice-presidents, secretaries, and committeemen, and to revel in the delights of annual reports, public meetings, long and windy discussions, &c.;, &c.; We were by no means prepared to hide our lights under bushels. • " Well, JOHNNY," Baid M'GUDGEON, after we had discussed the matter, " wo must call a meeting, and you had better be secretary pro fern., with myself as president. I don't wish to appear forwar but having been nearly a president before, I think I m entitled to the post." '«Most certainly.' _ . „ , n « A.nd TUCKER, CHEEEAWAY, BOLUS aud GREEN! as, pio- visional pommittee." " Nothing could be better 1" . " But, JOHNNY, my little man, you know there is always a little preliminary outlay in these matters—such as printing, circulars, postage; and you know also that these things never go off well unless there is a little something to wet the whistle at the first go off—say a little brandy and a bundle of cigars. Now, you know, old boy, as president, I—I should be most happy to—to—you know, but I ve got a confounded bill becoming due in ar-a £ew—ha—days, and i don't like to—to—in fact, I suppose you would not mind just advancing the necessary, like a brick." m Well, to tell you the truth, M'GUPQJSON, I " Come now, no nonsense I I know all about that, old fellow. You'll do it, I know." These ^eliminaries having been arranged, and a list of fellows to be invited to join duly prepared-for.mind ye, we meant to ^ rather exclusive, "not going to achnit every cad, youknow»-we Proceeded to d r a w un a circnlar We pointed out that for many reasons (which S t h ^ b S required of us it would have put m.to, aml^ends tosnecfv) it was desirable that another rowmg club should be at once StiblSd hiMelbourne. We expiated in glowing terms on the ^ n l f i S r S , exhilarating nature of the sport (we had none of Teve'r raS a B in our lives), talked wildly about mewa sana ^IresS and wound up with a floweryallusion to the necessity m Wint of view, of developing the muscular powers of the peopS ItTal a very'pretty production, and as a specimen of printings credit to the colony. , A meeting of the provisional committee] was at once ^ n f ^t flif Tollv Waterman's, and it was unanimously agreed to that the circJArbSyTandthe cigars were of excellent and ablTtmality. (In passing I may remarkthat the consumption of the two last articles fly bofe out the eulogiums consumption'perhead wasdecidedly large.)The ^wM^hen solemnly discussed. It was unanimously agreed that none of our late col leagues of the debating society should be mvited to join. TW nirnulars were issued in due course, and very official and im^Sfe^toZi, requesting .11 whe to attend a meeting on the instant, at the Jolly Waterman aforesaid! iT very good attendance was the result, and everything iTSnducttd in a^ost gratifving ^ ^ V S e f o r m S brandy and cigars V y met with equal approval on this as on the torrnei occasion the quantity consumed being fully in proportion to the S e S numblTpresent. Of course tliis was very pleasing to my the provisional officers were appointed permanently, andlt was with pride we thought tbat we could now hold up our heads I hTgh as the officials of the debating soaety. It was SMQCBted that the committee had better enter into some SlnSente for the hire of boats, as a temporary expejent untH Te olub could build its own This ^ ^ J t ^ n I as secretary signing the agreement, and binding mjseuHI nheard peMlties to observe its conditions. We were to open with a g W procession of boats on the next Saturday but one, Fn order to allow time for the manufacture of the uniforms (white, with llght blue scarf, light blue cord ^ ^ ^ i S ^ c S - corded with light blue—rather neat, we thought), and all subscriptions were to ^ ^ the night before the opening, on winch occasion I attend^ at the recfipt of custom, havmg the usual beverages to drink success to the morrow's proceedings. Jsme o'clock came and saving the members of committee nobody came ; ten dttoTelev^n ditto fand having waited till the house was about to shut I took my departure, feeling rather despondent "Look here, M'GUDGEON," said I to our worthy president on meeting him thef olio wing morning, « here's a pretty go! I waited mitiltwelve^oclock lasfcnfght, and divila ghost of a member put in r ^ chap young fellows are not very punctual about these payments. It 11 be all right, you'll see." . "after having •^AATSSS* ^ <» ^ me ta ^ ^Never mind, JOHNNY; we shall all be happy yet. Mind you're punctual at Prince's Bridge-three o'clock sharp. d "Humph ! I wish others would be sharp, too, 1 mutteiea, as I strolled awav, rather down in the mouth. Three 3 e k arrived, and the officers of the club were there J , h commeSbfe punctuality, attired in their g o g g " I don't think," said M'GODGEON, m rather a HESITATMG M^ «that we had better go with them to-day. It would| look betUjrf the Officers saw to the general arrangements. After that ciab TOKMY TUCS caught yesterday, I'm not quite easy in my mind. I n o?7^me now," broke in that maligned individual, «that's a Whv vou do nothing else all the time we're out ; and as rtor^s lam S fearof my life every time he gets into the boa? If I couK sS, I wild not tv/st myself to him on any ^Hurnph!'' grunted Boi,us sulkUy. "I don't think there's ^ S r n & t ' consu? his S T)on't^u Sinkfsir, Ave must have been some mistake? " Oh no!" we all angrily replied; " there could not by any possibility he any mistake" And then we cursed the absent members bitterly in our hearts. However, at last there was no help for it. It became too apparent that, if we did not wish to meet with some unpleasant treatment, it was absolutely necessary that we should row over the course. With fear and trembling, with much assistance, cries of "Take care, sir, take care, or you'll be overboard!" and cries of derision from the small boys, we at length settled ourselves in our seats, with no other mishap than M'GTUDGEON, who rowed stroke, flopping down in the bottom of the boat, and BOLUS losing his oar overboard, where, alas! it would have been better for us had he left it; but a malignant fate willed it otherwise. Although very gently? pushed off from the wharf, we rolled to such a fearful angle as I am sure was never achieved by any vessel in an Atlantic storm, but at last we were^^Baf. very gently," says M 'GUDGEON, quietly; " give way." "KEEP your knuckles out of my back, can't you, JOHNNY?" says CHEERAWA.Y. 'leather your oars, can't you, muffs?" says TOMMY TUCKER. '•"fSTf're doing it as well as you, at all events." While we were exchanging these compliments amongst each other, and while the public on the banks were rapt in admiration of our somewhat novel style of rowing, that beast BOLUS, who was trying to show off as though he could row better than us, caught a most decided crab, It was jib-good fighting against fete. A fe w rolls of the boat, a rush of water over the sides, and a cold bath, were the immediate results, Luckily we could all swim, and were soon heading towards the-shore, when what should meet our astonished gaze! Nothing less than the missing members of our lot, headed by old GOLLYGOBBLE and the reBfc of the debating club; andas we came out of the water, looking for all the world like drowned rats, we were received with shouts of derisive laughter. That fiend in human form, GOLLYGOBBLE, knowing our ignorance of, agnatic sports, had seduced our members from their allegiance, promising them far more sport than they could possibly get under the management of those " charlatans," meaning us. Fact, on my honour. The remainder is soon told. A special meeting was called, and the club dissolved. I made an easy arrangement with the boatman, who was a very decent fellow, and only lost the cost of my brandy and cigars ; the rest were always going to share the loss, but forgot to do so. At'the same time, I learnt the valuable lesson never to meddle with what you don't understand. I have never since taken an active part in getting up a rowing or any other club. 