Hales and Metrites. NOBLF SELF-DEVOTION. fFrom tlie Ncwm Telegraph ] The little village of Beach-Head stretched itself lazily along a sunny corner of the Atlantic coast, so near to the great sea that the salt waves thundered against its thres hold when the tide was up. But the people of Beach-Head were used to the sea, and liked to have it near them; its voice had no terrors to them. One quiet evening in early Autumn, when this same little village seemed to look lazier than ever before, an incident occurred that thrilled it to its inmost heart, and brought even the oldest fisherman to his feet. Dick Bolton was arrested—and for steal ing ! Was it true? Every, man, woman, and child in the village rushed out to ask the question. A dozen voices volunteered what they could tell. Mr. So-and-so had told Mr. So-and-so that he had seen Dick when the officers were marching him to prison. But the old men and women shook their heads; they must have stronger proof than mere say-so before they harboured a suspi cious thought against such a lad as Dick Bolton. The proof soon came. Tottering j along oil his cane, his white locks blown about by the sea-breeze, Captain Wharton, or the "Old Cap'n," as he was known in Beach-Head, appeared in their midst. The bable of tongues were hushed on the instant. The "Cap'n" was an oracle in Beach-Head. The oldest living inhabitant, not only in that place, but for miles and miles up the | coast, he was looked up to with a kind of loving reverence by his simple neighbours; and more especially so by tbat portion who made it their profession to follow the sea; the fact of the old man having "sailed round the world," as they expressed it, some half a dozen times, making him, in their estima tion something greater than a hero. All eyes were turned upon liim, and more than one tarpaulin was lifted in respectful greeting, as he appeared in the midst of the excited crowd, gazing round him with a sad, bewil dered glance, piteous to behold. "Is it true, Cap'n?" The question came in a low intense whisper from more thau a dozen lips at once. The old man paused before he answered, steady ing himself upon his cane, and shaking his grey head from side to side. "Yes boys," at last; his voice feeble and piteous. '' I saw 'em take him to gaol wi' my own eyes." That was enough. The jieojile of Beach Head did not ask for better assurance—the '■ "Old Cap'n" had seen it. But they hesi tated about that other question, burning in their hearts and trembling on tbeir lips, i scarcely daring to put it into words. The J Cap'n had a daughter, Maggie Wharton—-the ; fairest and sweetest in all Beach- Head—and she was the affianced wife of Dick Bolton. j People wondered at first that it should . turn out so that Maggie, so young and pretty, I and heiress to the two-storey cottage in which : she and her old father lived, should care for a great, rough, lumbering sailor like Dick, especially when she could have her pick of all the Beach-Head lads; and rumour said that young Dr. Romney himself was in love withjher. But Maggie seemed to think it all right enough, and went to "meeting" with Dick on Sundays in preference to any one else; and so dazzled and overjoyed the poor, good fellow with the smiling glances of her bright, blue eyes, that he came well nigh losing his senses. In due time it was all settled. Maggie and Dick were affiauced until he should make his next voyage, and come back first mate, when they were to become man and wife. The "Old Cap'n," her father, had no objection to make; so the village folks left off wondering and called Maggie a sensible girl, to cbose a true honest fellow like Dick in preference to a fine-dressed dandy. What would Maggie do now? What would the "Old Cap'n" do? Was Dick innocent •r guilty? No one dared to ask; hut reading what they hesitated to speak in their eager eyes, the old sea-captain went on sadly. "A bad case, boys !—a bad ease ! It'll go hard wi' poor Dick, Fm thinkin'," his eyes filling with tears, as they wandered towards the little two-storey cottage, and caught a glimmer of Maggie's white frock, then flash ing out suddenly, as he added, "Not that I b'lieve the lad guilty, hoys! I'm settled on that pint, though the evidence will be strong agin him. Dick Bolton's no rogue, hoys! I'm settled on that pint; and we must stick close by the poor lad, if the worst CGmes to the worst." "Ay, ay, Cap'n!" These simple-hearted Beach-Head people knew how to keep their word; when they made promises, they meant them. When the day of trial came rcand, Dick Bolton did not find himself friendless; they stood up for him to a man, and to a woman, too, for that matter, headed by the "Old Cap'n." But, for all that, they could not save him. Dr. Romney, the individual upon whom the larceny had been committed, had engaged skilful counsel, and the evidence was clear and indisputable. It was after this wise:— On Tuesday .night, at 10 o'clock precisely, Dr. Romney heard some person entering his bed-chamber—a ground-room on the east front of his house. Rushing down stairs, he reached the apartment only in time to see the burglar make his escape through an open window, and to find his desk rifled of a considerable amount of money and a jewelled watch of great value. He roused the nearest officer and started in pursuit; and just out from the village they came upon Dick Bolton, looking wild and restless, like a crazy man. The doctor caused him to be searched, and the stolen articles were found upon his person. To all questions, whether put by a friend 01* foe, he kept a most provoking silence. He was not guilty; he went to Dr. Romney's that night, but he did not commit the robbery. Farther than that he had nothing to say. It was in vain that his friends urged upon him the insane folly of such a course. Nothing moved him—not even the "Old Cap'n's" persuasions, or his widowed mother's tears. He did not steal the articles; how he came by them he was not at liberty to say. " He was a fool!" the old lawyer said, who had undertaken his case, and who had known him from his boyhood. Dick smiled quietly, and said nothing. The day of trial brought an unusual crowd to the Session House. The quiet fishermen had been worked intoafever of keen curiosity. They flocked down from miles and miles along the coast to see the prisoner, and form their respective opinions concerning him. He stood up proudly in the square prisoner's box that day, his arms folded across his brawny chest, and something in his grey eyes that gave the lie to any accusation that might be brought against him. Dr. Romney paled and grew nervous at the sight of him. But the trial went on. The doctor's evidence was brief. He heard some one entering his chamber at 10 o'clock, and reached the room just in time to see the thief escape. He did not recognise—could not identify him. There was another witness, a fisher lad, who testi fied to having seen Dick Bolton on the doctor's premises on the same night, and aliout the same hour. After him, Maggie, the " Old Cap'n's" daughter, was called to the stand. White as the cambric robe she wore, her pretty, flossy curls pushed back in disorder, and her blue eyes strained upon the prisoner's face with a wild, piteous gaze, she stood there awaiting their questions. Was the prisoner at her father's house ou the night of the robbery? Yes, he was. At j what time? All the evening nearly—he came early. But at what hour did he leave, could she remember? Yes, she remem bered, but she would not tell. They stood together beneath the old locust-tree, she and Dick, watching the westward-going moon and listening to the faint echo of a fisher man's song far down the coast; and just as Dick bade her good-night, and said that he ! must hurry up to Dr. Romney's for a dose of medicine for his mother, the bells in the little harbour struck for half-past 9. She remembered; but she would not answer—no word of hers shonld convict Dick. The counsel repeated the question, but she turned from him with wlute sealed lips. Dick watched her keenly for a moment, and then rose to his feet. " Let me answer for her," he said, a great light gleaming from his grey eyes, and making his plain face grand and touching; " don't worry the poor child any more. I left the 4 Old Cap'n's" just at half-past 9 o'clock, and started up to the doctor's for a dose o' medicine; hut I didn't steal them things—God knows. A great thrill swept through the crowd as the plain, simple-hearted fellow littered these words, and turned his clear, honest eyes from one to another of the familiar faces around him, and not one soul, perhaps, dared question the truth of what he had said, j Still, the evidence, the circumstances, the i law, convicted him; and he was sentenced to five years imprisonment in the county prison. ! The morning when Maggie went down to hid him good-by for the last time was a wild one. All the pleasant summer weather had departed, and the fall had set in with black, scudding clouds and weeping rains. The old stone gaol standing out on the desolate sands, the hungry sea sobbing and lashing almost against its mouldy walls, looked strangely , desolate as the young girl passed through its heavy door, and made her way down the damp corridor. The prisoner was pacing up and down his narrow cell; but he heard and recognised her light step, and stood with glowing eyes and extended arms to welcome her when she entered. For an instant both were silent—he reading the language of her tender, uplifted face. Then he said passion ately— "You do—you do believe in my innocence Maggie?" " Yes, Dick, as truly as I believe in God." "You do not doubt me ?" " No, 1 trust and believe in you because " She stopped, blushing and drooping her eyes. " Because what, Maggie? Say on, please —I want to hear it." " Because I love you!" His grey eyes flashed as he stooped and kissed her forehead. "Oh, Maggie!" he said, "you don't know ! how tliis comforts me. God never gives a great trial to bear without also giving us some great source of comfort. I believe I should sink under this if I did not know that you believe in my innocence; that makes me strong, Maggie—makes me a man. I can bear it— I will bear it. Five years ain't for ever. I'm young and strong; and God is just. Fll live this disgrace down. I'll prove my innocence yet. I'll come back to you one day, Maggie." " I'll wait for~you,'Dick." " God bless you! I know you null; your love will never fail me. But here they come. Good-by!" "Good-by, Dick!" He kissed her again, strained her slight form to his heart, and went out into the ■wild, sobbing rain; hut the last object that his eyes rested upon was the dim shadow of her white face gazing after him from the prison window. Five years went by, malting but little change at Beach-Head. The fishermen fished, and mended their nets, and dried their cod; and youths and maidens strolled along the sea-shore of evenings; and white haired children hunted shells, just as they did in days of yore. The " Old Cap'n" still lived in the two-storey cottage, and Maggie lived with him. But the old man had been growing a little feeble of late, and one evening toward the last of October, Maggie called in Dr. Romney. Tlie doctor had been very kind to them during these five years ; and more than once he had offered Maggie a place in his handsome home as well as in his heart —both of which she firmly rejected. Sitting by the gloomy fire, that ekill October evening, whilst the old captain slept and the sea heaved and moaned without, the doctor renewed his proposal. "Why will yon persist in living here, Maggie," he said "lonelyand desolate, when you might come to my cheerful home, where your father could be properly cared for ? You know liow much 1 love you ? Will you coine, Maggie?" She shook her head. " Why not ?" Maggie dropped her knitting on her lap, and gazed for a moment into the gleaming coals ; then she replied, with a sigh, glancing out at the grey storm. "Because I must wait for him." " He will never come, Maggie." " Then I shall wait for ever." There was something so sublime in tbe expression of the girl's face and in her simple answer that the Doctor said no more ; and they sat in silence till a sharp rap at the door startled them. Maggie arose and opened it; and a female figure, scantily clad in dripping garments, fell forward on the floor. The doctor, at Maggie's command, raised her in his arms, and bore her into an adjoining room. Half-an-hour's work restored her. "Don't you know me?" she said, staring from one to the other with her great, hollow eyes. "I am Belle Bolton, Dick Bolton's cousin. Don't you know me, Lawrence Rom ney—me, the woman you ruined ?" The doctor paled and shivered, as if a ghost had confronted him. "Go for a magistrate," she went on. Quick! I have a confession to make before I die—and I can't hold out long. Go, I say." The doctor obeyed ber. " Dick Bolton did not steal your money and watch, Lawrence Romney," she began, when the two stood by her bedside. "I stole them myself. I came to you for money for my clnld—your child—and you refused me ; then I went back to your chamber at night, and stole them for my child's sake. But you pursued me, aud the officers were at my heels, when I met Dick Bolton, and thrusting the stolen articles into his hands, begged him to help me. You took him with the stolen things on his person. But he wouldn't betray me—poor, good Dick ? He took the crime on himself sooner than see me suffer. 1 knew it all, but I held back, and let them condemn him for my child's sake. I couldn't bring disgrace on her. But she's gone now, and I've nothing to care for; and Dick must be cleared. He's innocent—I am the culprit." An hour after, the hapless girl was dead; and leaving her and her father in the care of the neighbours who had dropped in, Maggie, prompted by an impulse that seemed irresis tible, opened the little window which looked upon the sea. The rain had subsided, hut the winds were high, and the waves rolled and dashed hither and thither with sullen fury. The night would be black and perilous. Sitting down on her chair, she gazed with solemn eyes over the endless expanse of heaving waters. "Where was he! He was innocent—his name was cleared ; but would he ever come to her again ? She was weary of waiting. A cruel hunger seemed consuming her heart. She stretched out her fragile arms towards the stormy sea, and cried niteouslv. "Oh, Dick! Dick! when will you come back to me?" The sobbing winds drowned the faint murmur; but at the same instant a little speck caught her eye far upon the waves. She sat still and watched it. Slowly it came ; now sinking out of sight in the trough of the sea, and again rising into view on the crest of the billow. At last she could discern its form—a lifeboat containing two men, who pulled for the shore. The night came down heavily, and with it the solitary boat touched the strand. One of the men leaped out, and rapidly approached Maggie's house. His face was bronzed and bearded, but the clear, grey eyes were unchanged. Maggie put out her arms with a glad cry. " Oh Dick! it is you—you have come back to me!" | The shock was too great for Maggie, and | with a wild, delirious cry of joy, which I alarmed the whole household and sent them j hurrying upstairs, she fainted away in Dick's anus. Whenshe recovered, she again murmured— "Dick, is it you?" He clasped her to his breast. "Yes, Maggie, I have come. I was going another way—going into the world to win a name before I returned; but our vessel struck the bar—the storm sent me." "Gou sent you, Dick. Your cousin Belle is dead; the Beach-Head people know that you are innocent." "Thank God!" The grey eyes flashed proudly for an instant and then grew mistily tender. " And you have waited for me, and trusted in me all these years, Maggie ?" "Yes, Dick. We will never part any more, now, will we ?" "Hever any more, my darling, until death part us." And they never did. 