A GHOST STORY. Tney had a dance at Southcote that night, to console Jane Hall for having a large red nose, or for parting with her sister Olivia, I forget which. At any rate, the dance they had ; and Dr. Hook, not conceiving a ballroom the right place for a dignified ecclesiastic, at half-past eleven retired upon his bedroom, whither Mrs. Hook (who was delicate and over-tired) had some time preceded him. How long he had been in bed before sleep overcame him he never exactly knew ; but when he awoke the distant sounds of music and the patter of the dancers' feet had ceased, the whole house was hushed and still, the bedroom fire was burning brightly, and by its light Dr. Hook perceived that a lady was sitting upon the low couch at the foot of his bed. The doctor rubbed his eyes in some amazement ; he had asked no one to share the conjugal Ute-d Mfe, and he fejj rather bored than other wise by the visitor. However, there was no doubt about the matter ; a lady was sitting upon his couch, and there she might continue to sit till mora ine if he took no notice of her presence. No doubt she was one of the dancers, be wildered by weariness, who had mistaken her room, and was now too tired to per ceiye her mistake. The doctor, however, felt resolved cha^she should perceive it before she could take more decided steps towards going to rest. So he coughed, gently first, then in a louder and more aggressive tone, hut still the lady sat quietly on, without paying any more at tention to the doctor than if he had been voiceless as the obelisk of Luxor. She sat with her back turned to Dr. Hook, bending towards the fire, so that he could not see her face, and with her shoulders muffled in a plaid shawl. Verily Dr. Hook was sore bestead ; here was the wife of his bosom slumbering meekly beside him, an.\ there was this aggra vating stranger calmly seated upon his sofa, and meditating who knows what further invasion of his privacy ! What a position for an elderly ecclesiastic I Dr. Hook could stand it no longer ; he cautiously raised himself on one elbow, in order, before proceeding to extremi ties, to obtain a good view of the invaderV face. Imagine his horror when he dis covered that she had no face to show; shoulders she had, shrouded in the plaid shawl, and a neck ; but nothing more. At that moment the fire erave out a sudden spirt of name, the room was all a-glow with the warm firelight, and horror of horrors ! in that supreme moment of terror Dr. Hook became aware that the phantom was bending over her own head, which lay upon her knees. How he recovered from the horror of Jiat sight the Doctor never clearly knew ; all he knew was that, when he regained nsciousness, he found himself lying with his head beneath the sheets, and his heart beating in loud throbs like the pulses of a clock. But Dr. Hook was no coward ; he did not believe in appa ritions, and he placed his trust too firmly in God to fear that the powers of evil could do aught against rn'rp. One thing he felt strongly — that the reality of the vision must be cleared up ; it might be an illusion of his senses, or he might be a victim to some mistimed practical jest from the boys and girls he left down stairs. The bare idea of such an affront to his dignity was enough to make the doctor's blood flow warmly in his veins. Some few moments he gave himself to collect his scattered senses, some few more to silent prayer ; and then he rose courageously from the sheets, and looked towards the foot of his bed. There was apt, there could not be, any mistake, any illusion of his senses now. There, in the clear firelight, sat a lady, wrapped loosely in a shawl, and bending forward over her head, which lay upon her knees. What manner of features, if any at all, that awful head might wear, it never was given to the doctor to see or to know ; sick with over mastering terror he sank back in his bed, and for some time, as he after wards believed j he became unconscious of all around him. When he came to himself some time must have elapsed, for the fire, so bright before, was burning low and diinly. For some minutes Dr. Hook had only a vague impression that something terrible had happened; What that some thing was he did not at first recollect, and when he did, it was some time before he could summon courage to look round once more. When he did look round, the figure was gone, his fire was dying quietly out, nothing except a flickering shadow from the fireplace stirred in the peaceful room. and his wife, undisturbed by the terror of the night, slept calmly beside him. You may. imagine that Dr. Hook slept but little that night, and never were noises of an awakening household more welcome than they were to him on Olivia Hall's wedding day. The end is as strange as the rest of the story ; for the pensioners of the Hylton family, one and all, denied that they had ever heard any story, or knew of any spirit having been seen at Southcote. Superstitious as servants generally are, they had never had the slightest terror with regard to . any particular room ; until at length an ancient matron, who had been housekeeper to Georgy Hylton's great-grandfather, searching through the cobwebs of her memory for some stories of the past, said that she dimly remembered there was a story, which no one put much store by, about one of the rooms at Southcote, where, years and years before the oldest person could remember, the wicked Sir John (there is always a wicked Sir John in every old family) had murdered a low born wife, whose very name was forgotten in the past, by cutting off her head, and so making room for the heiress of the Lorels, with whom he lived happily ever after. ' But,' continued the old woman, ' the story went that every year, on th day — and, by the bye, as luck will have it, the 7th of November, yesterday was the very day — of the murder, the poor lady comes and sits beside the bed which ought to have been hers ; but that's only what the people say, gentlemen, for I never heard of any one that saw her — not in 'my time, nor in the old time before me.' — Tinsley's Magazine. 