3AOIC 31001 IQUAT1'AIUI. (Featm he h 'a1oooral Toes.) It sill be readily underetood stwhy this class of settlers are at such a disad-ontage wolicit croopared silh the squatters wlsoo runs sore good water froitagcs--sli latter btrio1 eabled to froce ius thir counisry, divide and subdirido it, ustil the ruot itself is coostprised insto so snosy paddocts, rorylng from 5,000 to 10,000 acres or more. TIhis is a great irrisi lege indeed. lirst of all it does aoay wits tIse eo pejse of stieplherding, whlsicti is tsoo felt to be a rery wasteful way of srteep-farsoinsg. Thlere are some odraslager, ste adtit, to be gained in shcetdrsding sheept; the sheep are tamero wl es, sephrcttrded, they" are mose domesrtirted, osid tile sohiethsrd Cast dris:o his flart of fat lsheep to osaorelt s with alsost. as much case as lie ron drire Item to their fold tightly, alut these adraslotges see greatly outweiglsed by those to be eaissed by paddoctitig the sheetp; the laster throw o better osid hirairre flecre; they rat up, all tie gmast, osid do aot thread it doetls, ansd so partially resder it ustit for UbO, as do thle sheeep drivesn is flocts of 2000 or 3000; Itiey do as they lite--cat, drisik, ond sleep snilca they like ; they ore, iss fart more its a state of naoure, osid do juost ss silure dictales to thess, co, s queasly they are Isealtttier its crestretnie of the word. Asid thsees soasses tste ditlislssce in rottenssr of paddock itsg ohti-p osid lieptseedisig thesi, trlsiehli its iss-I, still outoseigliolotlter coaibidsratioon. The A usoralii soooh. groaer, let it be boroc its misnid, hlas to copeststee isn she E?nlist msartt owith oil tire othler scool-graorers iti the st-oald. Wilts Prosier and Germanay, shlere they haire sollic of the inlest stseeht-pastusee, asid sohere for afro they htare been impeoritig their breeds of sheets, uossil they hiareo tie best ssatntlcs its the world. OrdissolT well-reod issess bssow- stiese Ihisiga w as oscItas soe do. loassi of the Gelrmn stheetpsbeerdeo sate as assuch paiss wi-ithi their stIecpt as the As-obs do isitl their horoes. tIt Oi-tisesrny shsoehsbrs-ediing hlas broeati a aciessee, so isat it is difileult to discoaer ill-bred shetep its that casoilsry. Tlhe Gherins s go poo hse pririsseitle thsst it casts less to kern1 iell-bred sheep tisoss it does to tests osse of eoarse essuld, and as a well-bre!d sheep tttoro-s better a-ol, they gals is a-ool asld car cass. Mlassy of tte petly hnrittee-, before Bismasorki comssitcd tiaroas osoog thseoi, devoted their btel energies to breedisg shteett, asid tihe iglest " eal" its that eouastry did sot thsisik it besseath thoiss to shseep-farst, ansd thsereby cons as hosest osnnoy. Asid so its this latter resp-cte nu itsAusalrstia sre follos issg stir esassstsle of tlse Voss of Gecsisir-ore sore Scl tered oacr the broad do sini of the atlt-bUhsth country, Soasis sf stir Iti:gliShI gesIteI eIi rs-tLne sducs-.d al OxfosrI, tCaossbridgc-, or lttosu, hals do stt tind ttieir slasoisal kintowleslge assy dirquslitisatio, providied lhey cat heels tlhir hiosiliost iin tile phiyrsicil eaworeIs, snid do a fair soiousit of wssoe ofa light siscea-ter "ai, lication" teiug, io the tass of Ainutrlia, tih bert feature is he ehlarelcse of rit yo slisg sostoral coloniss. Of le tsar Sindtu.-|ry, heanllb, sobriety·, anld oc~dillar7 intlelliglce:, tie till light Isis wryso; tit if Ihs hlss a osmall assousst of eslsilal soisy, said sires it ellt, lire avocatioss of o has-h blot asaa hlsth ttrilacticab soil gouaitns for such as tlheir. if he hsis sot thcse requirrsemeists, bctiler ethat tie tle-r velllutr ed itllo Ito.he Alslralins btli . h It tiessot the tplacse for Isiss--hsere h wsill go to the wsall, fore ie racs se i-ti tltrei t all tiesi to tsle ossif, ssor ias orvl sisse tr btattle to the stroig 5 3 a ina to prt of she lh'iisth rssshtise that we knor of(ond wf (asi ve sn-c istueht of it) sre intlemperallce, idlesseos, or either of Ihsse icers, so trare Go btling do so a. n Uns uotihtie ceases to sicrit eren oar collatiteot, as its tile Austr liau bUbht. Too sassy iishloseS siow toot eaSourmemory Iof yossg gentlemess orho bare falies from their truo position Isere until they hsae Ihoml~e lie lowest etlide low--lisr ultssnnolosly no Ihrlled thleisielses as to find life all intolernble burrdes to thseso, ansd then they esided it by their onics Ihnods. No?o let, us return to tile sunny disadsontoags which tile bock block loon abours o under, os rompored wils soene of those sslso Costpete with his ini tile wool issort-ets of tsngilod. Thre ruos sboot nor shseep to foulr nares, or 25,000 sheeps to evree 100,000 ncres. Tlhe errlnsss--we isslutld Nrthl nolss Sooulth tersnny \--Ihoe o11t bied of c'liiaste ftoe stes'tsttlrsl c tlls' par t)o.TI,? s"'ceil g~row Isresy eosree, lceeces iil tile or slel'v lilse teecee ill tie sostlls ; their dieth . seeds are lletoitest ssis a nd wrk nt one qssorterttse \vLces' oe the Auos lstions shIIsIeperld. Tise errosnos wotl-groweree ore geletyi ill sdsoee of ss is breedigllg nssd ties ore not oolesiotleishts tile dislnisee see sire eeom I.od,sss--ths bgreet ool s ane ohrt of tlse sorld. N£sw, tIsese lre hess'y odds sgoilsst tile Australiai rnnl-FIrnwer insthe Farisllssior, wlherehe h h to spay Cl5 ii r tssss, or imosre, fee the eroriss c of sis wool to nosearet, snd ass eqolt coos tre toe n r ferrhlrto stores ; Isis cssaeuis''sts eessssso gett ih,'scrriags'(swhis'h sssnts be tiLd for iss rests) ecess sit t.tsis tPriCe. Ttis oftnsi hrows\ h nice o ser sarlon ; iis scoo, is on his hoods f''r sin os' serrumnll sssstss, dsn'inis wtsiets tisime se is 'i stenry es tpenses : if hIs hos orerdrows at tse bhlok or ol c his toh'll|s, he hoshleosy issterest, to psys; insfoet, like Sisiihstssi, hse Isos rolleid thssstosse usp-Isill to tse verry Fulllnoi, d ho nowf inds it rellig, slowsn gint \--dssws, dawss it goes to tile hnlttosl; asd is soose eases te back lock msnt i h erosled by tle weights of tsis IroUbhlrs. T rse IIIortggee totes ls)Oessoion, nsssd tile nnfortsssunl crittler disoatpperi reolss tile seene lihe osse of P]h'oihsor ine tptres ghosts oss ttC thseotriCal stogc. We Isere iee wtsnt has brosllnt s him to itle grosssd ; nosd soe sore, oil o Jorge sealse, an exauslllle ill tile Ceollpanov kisoswss as tise "Asstrotlissi tasst.orals Isnsetssstmest Co., st ]Fort lourtO, If they CouiLd Iane hod tiosae tlsey sight, hore reecoered their losses frso drought ansd fom bsih e io sabLs hto send their wnoo ill good lime 1000 or 1500 1siles, to Ihe seaport of Mtcl bhurne. Mlossey ledrs dose inexohle, snd dehes tones issIsIt be ipid, so use gs'ret nssd siolsl squotter salssee otieilse eaorsssn ls mitts its 200,000 shleep, or tile bhck block smnos wilts Isis 10,000 or 15,000 shseep. otsil tise Aosterliau wool-grower ensl reduce Ihia es ICseses 50o a Ississilssissi, nssd tInce hornee ill iis rnlling slsssil the Lcaegiltouore rns's to isarras Isim withs foolishs and needless sesr oaws--eachs worse tshass its isredeeessor, Iics nvOelstino Inust iln'e'snrity be one of grest thos. Tfie bs c block h enstss teoh oltsieir reounistry gessernlly sssder a fourteen yers' leasrs , wro ich tile tos,'rnosest of lise doy, sstess thse lense ceases, moa ressew. Thie Lasid Act gises tsim errlsiss gsasi priilseger, wtsiehs are sio priviteges siesn to 'ked iluo., I' lie waouta to dicide tsis eousitrc issto ialdeeks, so tlst ino shseops need travel teno issles doily to enter (tsheep augiLt not to be com pslled to troode ssore thas tsis distasece), hie must hoae sater in carts psddoek5 whsiets cn only be sceured at grest cast; ill sddisiols o Itsis, is order to secure to himssel tise bcnefits sT isis made walerisole for tile stheepr, hie msy buy a cestoiss qasulltits of tsela Isd around is at 20s, tisr r pe TserhtssiI' douhle is resllt lue; so Ilsao tise back blsck fsuh is over-w'eighted in Ilio raoe, and unsless relief be giren to hsim, by emposering sim to demnad a recelon of his lease at file end ot fourleeo yesrs, nsd iu other wosys, tile induocment to issnest in roclaisissis tis back eouossry is sot fossssded on safe prc nmires. If hie sod tile risilht of renewsl grassted lisa te migist toil oss and ecentisally sursoslit his dilscsrlhite; hst unceroiioty tsssssgs over Iris heat in this respect, Os isdss'd it does over tise bead of tile ricer-frontaoe squntte'. V'ise first fsua'leess yers ore neirnn enpirred, Stir bhaok bhsek mes ore still isditleultties nssd IeIs csief of thses dillt:elties we shce pourtrayed. If ti could geIt cheap sod regolar eserissue hFr his wont to tho port of shitpnrsestl, sis chiet burden would be removed, sad nasistisg bhst ellealsltt- aorhd enailaoys eoAsdo ithis. There is arid tesritory uiusotcred no0' tit Rirerina, equol to keelfinIs thsirty millioss of shreets, hlut Must remains uselesos Is il tile bUck block sqsalltee supplnies by ortili cial messs tile deleess of niaoure ill regard to water ssllslyls. It is entesit efcosirs lust beCks op tile assstralisn soqsnilser ngnissst hsis ituropents competitors is tile wsool nlrkes. On thle 15tl, of ile (sayos the Poll Mliall Goeelle), Plus IX. commenced the tmenty-liird sear of til Pontifical reign. Since St. Peter, to eliom history assigns tsveny-ive yearn, there Iove been but three Poles out of 258 who ilae lired to Commence or to linisth their twenu-lhtird year of governmesn. They sre--Adriai I., the Pop>e of Cliorlemnnene; Plius rT., the Pope of tie Directorne; and Pius VLI., the Pope of Nlapoleon I. Pints IX. will be the fourstt. If lie lives snitil June 16, 1811, lie will stnnd islone with Plus VtI.; iej sorvises June 16, 1870, hIe mill be ioatelied only by Sit. Peter. lut if lie survies Junie 511, 1875, lie will Isom oustdone not only all preceding Popes, but St. Peter Ishnoelt. The Pope ins issued the bull ·which convokes a general Oouncil of lie Renna Cli hole Cliurch at Rome fier she 8-th le)reinbir, 1860. All the bishops of the Clhnrebl are e peelred Io be Isreserh, either in person or by lirosy. Exleisive lireporotioiis hlise for nonie time beeii maile ill loiiie, anid, troa present isidientions, it is probable tliii tie Cunncil mill be one of evry great inprlortance. Tfle relouion of the Clureh to the State OoGernmenls snd to n modirn civiliaiion will undoubtedly eogage a uvro eniuucut share of the C-une'il'd atunlluou. So fiew studeiits read thte Conre Cireulor tlast tise result of a ChUlioie gltuce at one Of its allied parn grosanns -ill aosuse our readers. These are the narde wlsi-lc caughlt our eesy:e-"W\oe ore nutlhorieed to stole," soyns ano iulnreasive illtorilty, "stllt at 11er Matujesty's breakfast this day (Ltoiidny) genslemeae will uppel' ill evening coats witts nlorniig trousers, &r.;, and ieot orders aod deeorenions mill be eorn." We hliire siiitil non beleved lint the goriieiitsa wmhieh eon' veitute the "evesnitg dress" of our tiailors snd their icli oie were snsuoied aceording to the taste of tlie see as eotslitUillig a gola dress, shliielh, notmithilannd' ilg its artistie'demerete, nas apt in its reserved sinture to fesoive or grove oreneions, and thus thse best thliiig tlat could be wore n wen reaspeet inns due to our inost or the eeremuony in nwhichi we oa'e ecoiueerecd. Why tliis expression of respect to the Court should snoi be liniiiel to the roat, nod thie oniee jealous ryee of the ollieials iustulcted to look up~ooi " iooriiing trousern" as acetihblie, we eantiot diniuae.-AllAtenBi o. A letter froni 'oulole, ih the Gecetle do Ji/ill, yn a:--" Fight Arabh, uder tshe eseort of four geiidaroesie, hove tiossd tlirough thlis plaee for Sice. They sie all condemned otu a eltorge for cositibhlism to inl tsisotatment It r life, and are being tokcu to the Islattd of Se. Mlltrgueocie, wnhere they are to usidergo their putiselittuit. Tlheso ,nreeleics, imipelled by Ituolger, mode ert nletuiy repasls oU huiottn flesh : t;_hey carried ofn' children iui prefereitee, of wtaom they ppoear to linen derourel a great oiiinber. They decreved dleati, bu stile tribunal, taking thte fontino iiito ceoultu, gave tile benefit of tlst extenuaotion." liltoill or a SI:.i.tt.-O ll the 9tIi of Jure one of the Berls (i/ioees vi/th/euo) at the Zoologiol-gardcns gnave birth to a young olte, olhicit was et threl covered oith :m abuoidaiiee of line silky Ioir; thlis, is the asimal wriggled ttbout ott the ground, was euitirely stied, nnd forioid a dense blanket or rug, on swtiehi it toy. In less itino tlteee hiours the young plore look to the moler, and enum iiboot arlively, enideavouriog to suck ons lue mother Ituirnid onl tie side. hJiifOrtunistely, hoarier, there was uio suplltly of ,ailk, aiud the niotlier tian eiutee dicd in eoeoulsiouus, sirce which timat the younii onie hlis been fed by Mtr. hiorilett ot, milk and a nitolll iorlion of cod liver oil, ndioisletered by means of a fecdiiig-boltle. Tlie young soal at birlh was 32 incItes long, end wetigtet 20 tb.--luhe 1,rio?. .3iiitrtos OtiuS..-AIn iiigenioos chsief, mooed "W'il lieu, resideut nt Nikiaolofo, ita the Frienidly Isloiids, hios erected a curious opeu-airo inetruonent, ilnuie vocol by the wiiudo nlonue, like hlie .Eoliost linp. In frontt _of' his house, toit far from Ihe ema, hle lion set up no lies titoe -100 lobg banimbooe, all atonditig oni lheir clodi, aUd suotulued ill varioun places, so os to bear nome reeeblunce to orgon pipen, or flutes. Besides iis pireparatioUn for horunouioos whsliuiohhigs, of whlich tii', ronaiiig of a rothiedroal oegos can give but n ery faiuit iilea, ench lipeh or tlute ic prorided sithi sonorous -iellc, bv whlilia tica sual soiuiids produeed ly .;Eolus ore itihtetsii ved t nvd varied to an unoliuiicd cnieiit. \'lheui the uciud is high tlhe ellfel of thisinstruomcuta is "errile, olmont rlmllio ; but ot liiens 1ib soUnda pro. iliieel see eotnsilered to lie not unpiteleaiut, and are tisiCoed to by tihe greot chief, William, withi a serious jon whlicih it is imilossible tiot to ppreciate . It- is ronisidenid to be Ilhr thiling nt Tooga to go and hear the? chief Williuot'a great organ. Oiio hiuntdred copies of Iler. Itorore Greeley's I Ilistory of the Asrericna Closniet." trinv been pelced it, the In iiids of Ihfsers. Stereiis lirothlers, of Coveat Oordei,, by tie itulthor, for distriboiion onoong tlhe iniost freqouelrd public libcrnies of Greent iritaiu otid -eluand. ilr. Greeley's iitetinion iui anikitig this gift is best extlressed in tis letter of instructioii: " T'o roflfer to the BIritish tueople, Iluroughl their mnost Iuopulor libroelee, the etaons of mokiiug thiemseeles or qituiuted mithl thie enues, nature, autd iumeidentts of our great struggle." Tim iutriusie coluo of tbe gift may be estintaotd from the thne fct that the norb is in two columns, nontoahiug 1,4Ol0 pages and 222 illustrations. 