AMERICA. THE FENIANS AT BUFFALO. Under date, Buffalo, July 27, the "New York Herald" publishes the following des- patch, giving a brief account of the Fenian picnic held in that city after the recent convention :— It is pronounced a magnificent success, the Fenian pic-nic held to-day near this city. It is roughly estimated that, including armed men, upwards of twelve thousand of the organisation and their friends met on the terrace at nine o'clock in the morning. Some five thousand soldiers and civic mem- bers with bands of music and banners joined in the procession, which marched to the Clinton. The Forrest-street cars and the steamers were crowded the entire day with persons going to and from the grounds, and the streets were lined with every con- ceivable private conveyance that could be pressed into service. Between twenty and twenty-fie thousand persons were on the ground. The most perfect order prevailed. Delegations from Rochester, Dunkirk, Lock- port, Erie, Medina, Canada, and other places were present. The soldiery bearing and marching of the military part of the proces- sion called out the admiration of military men who witnessed their evolutions. After a review on the ground, speeches appropri- ate to the occasion were made by General O'Neill, president of the organisation; Mr. Meehan, editor of the "Irish-American" of New York city, and other prominent gentle- men. Dancing and other festivities closed one of the largest and most orderly demon- strations ever held in Buffalo. The "Fenian Volunteer" of August 1, con- tains the following on the subject:— To the utter astonishment of the press and people of this city, the Senate of the F. B. was found to be in session here on Tues- day morning last. General O'Neill, Vice President Gibbons, and the Senators from the various States arrived almost simultane- ously. During the day telegrams passed freely to and from Toronto; our Canadian neighbours evincing an unusual degree of interest in the new arrivals, to the great amusement of "John of Ridgeway" and his mysterious council. As may be presumed, nothing of importance passed over the wires from this side of the lines; although a prac- tical joke on the part of any telegraph opera- tor or member of the Organisation could have set the Dominion in the direst confu- sion from one end to the other, in the space of a few minutes. This general, who is in capital health and spirits, seems as mild as a moonbeam and as harmless as a sucking dove. A stranger who happened to drop in upon one of his quiet conversations in the Mansion House, was utterly surprised when he was informed that the plainly dressed and unassuming gentleman who was addres- sing a few friends on ordinary topics, was the hero of Ridgeway. No fierce moustache, no boots and spurs, or savage scowl, or plumed hat; but just attire as simple as that worn by the most unpretending of our citizens. The General evidently cares but little for parade of any description, and seems to judge of a man by the amount of useful work he does. Great anxiety is evinced to gather some idea of the character of the deliberations of the Senate, and pointed inquiries have been put to some of that body on this head, but, as may be supposed, without any very satis- factory result. Argus-eyes and ubiquitous as the agents of the press are here, they are completely as fault for this once at least. All is conjecture on their part, and from the secrecy which has accompanied the move- ments of the Fenian authorities in this in- stance they would not, we fancy, feel it im- possible to conceive that, within a very few months, this body of patriots may turn up again in London, Hokitika, or Montreal. We shall of course have the Queen's Own on the frontier, but we are inclined to believe that they won't reach Fort Erie by the Ridge- way route. The ghost of two years ago would hobble their line of march in that dir- rection. The Senate closed their deliberations on Saturday with the same reticence that cha- racterised their opening. Nothing has tran- spired to enlighten an outsider to any extent whatever. Even conjecture seems paralysed as to the future programme of the organisa- tion. All that is known in the premises is, that Ireland is to be freed from the galling yoke of England, and the surest methods of accomplishing so great and glorious a desi- deratum are being adopted. The correspondent of the "Morning Her- ald" denounces Mr. Meehan like a true Briton. Mr. Meehan is vindictive and unscrupulous, because, you see, he never relaxes his efforts to bring John Bull into trouble. Here is what the correspondent says:— I hardly know what to make of the Fenian movements at Buffalo. What purports to be a pic-nic may be a preliminary to a descent upon Canada. It is curious, to say the least, that Fenians should travel from New York, Rochester, and Chicago, taking their arms with them, to indulge in a pic-nic at Buffalo, at a point conveniently near to her Majesty's territory; and it is also curious that O'Neill and his adjutants should have assembled on the same spot to review the Fenian "troops." Addresses have been made to these pic-nicers (whose number is said to be 12,000) by O'Neill and Meehan— the latter the editor the "Irish-American," and a most vindictive and unscrupulous person. Great numbers of people gathered on the pic-nic ground; the military move- ments were executed in full view of the troops on the other shore of the Niagara River. It is not long since O'Neill hinted that he would attack Canada before the first day of August; it remains to be seen whe- ther he will carry out his threat. The "Buffalo Courier" says it has "authority to announce that something of great moment has been determined upon, and Canada, and the British empire generally, will see what they will see before long" (sic). This is a terrible statement, and should be received with great caution. At no period, says the "Volunteer," in the history of the organisation in Buffalo was there such a grand display of its power and popularity as on the occasion of the great pic-nic to Clinton Forest on Monday last, July 27. From an early hour in the morn- ing, groups of individuals, military and civil, were to be seen thickly interspersed throughout the various thoroghfares in the vicinity of the Fenian headquarters, Pearl- street; while the Mansion house directly opposite the Terrace, in which it was known the gallant O'Neill and many of the Fenian authorities were quartered, was literally besieged not only for the purpose of getting a glimpse of the Hero of Ridgeway, but with a view to having full command from the windows and balcony of the formation of the procession, prior to its start for the pic-nic grounds. About nine o'clock the Boys in Green began to pour into the square—banners of the Irish Republic flanking in every case, the glorious Flag of the Union as a great central object of their love and fidelity. In an incredibly short period the vast space became so crowded with the living organisation itself, that spectators in foot, who were driven back towards the side walk, were shut out by a dense mass of heads and crowding columns, from forming any idea of what was transpir- ing in the way of military and other move- ments, within even a few feet of where they stood. Here and there a long line of rifles was only to be discovered at intervals moving above the vast sea of human beings like the dorsal fin of some gigantic monster of the deep that had just risen to the surface and was struggling along it with his back nigh bare; but this was all that could be dis- cerned, except from the tops of the build- ings on the terrace, or the windows of the theatre and the adjoining hotels. The pub- lic carriages and horses also were a gay ap- pearance, being decorated with Fenian flags and devices. In some of the beautiful cut glass lamps attached to several vehicles we noticed besides tiny American and Irish flags entwined together. The procession formed under District Centre William Crosgrove, and Colonel William Clingen commanding the 7th Regi- ment, I.R.A., in the following order:—The military portion of the brotherhood mar- shalled under the latter, and civic under the former. Then came the visiting circles from abroad, next the Irish civic societies of the city, and lastly the Grain Shovellers Associa- tion. The marshals for the above sections were Dennis Mahony and John Hogan. Closing the procession came the members of the Labourers' Union, and other bodies and individuals who desired to participate in the festivities. Amongst the military we may mention also a fine company from Dunkirk, commanded by Captain Thomas Carbrey. There were five bands of music heading the various divisions of the procession, toget- ther with an Irish piper, and two Scoth ones—the latter in kilts, and fine representa- tives of their race. It is estimated that by ten o'clock, between ten and twelve thou- sand persons were present on the Terrace; among whom we observed ex-President Fillmore and other notables, at which period the procession moved off, down Exchange- street, from Exchange down Michigan, from Michigan along Ohio, and then up Main to Niagara-street, along which a portion of it proceeded to the grounds on foot, while numbers took boats, barges, and other con- veyances—not relishing a walk of four or five miles in such warm weather. All the streets through which the pageant, as it may well be called, moved, were literally lined with spectators. In the immediate read of the military, in an open carriage, rode other Fenian authorities of note, while the vast cavalcade itself was closed by sundry vehicles of various descriptions. The whole mass extended the best part of a mile. On arriving at the grounds the five booths answering to the five circles the Lonregan, the SarsfieM, the Emmet, the Roberts, and the Corcoran — were instantly put into requi sition, and good things in the way of eatables and drinkables, discussed with great gusto, while immediately afterwards, dancing and otter amusements began both in the open air and under the sheds erected for the pur pose. Then in earnest began to pour in a vast human tide brought from the city by every imaginable kind of conveyance ; until by five o'clock, when General O'Neill and some*' of the most noted of the brotherhood made their appearance, it was estimated that ? between twenty and thirty thousand indivi duals/ all wearing the green or sympathising with Ireland, were on the ground. The ap pearance of the general was the signal for the addresses ; and soon the platform was cleared of its occupants, and the hero of Ridgeway, together with a number of civil and military officers, ascended it. Mr. Justice Whelan then called the vast concourse to order, and after a few well- timed observations, Mr. Crosgrpve, District Centre for the District of Buffalo, on, being nominated by Mr. Gal lagher, President of the day, advanced to the front of the platform, and introduced in a happy manner to the assembled multitude P. J. Meehan, Esq., editor of the 'Irish- American,' as the first speaker of the evening. On .Mr. Meehan making his appearance, he was received with the loudest and most hearty' applause, and well he might, for a more able, sterling, and eloquent patriot is not to .be found in America to- day. We re gret that, writing hurriedly as we do, on the very eye of going to press, we are unable to given '.even a remote idea of the masterly manner: in which this facile, elegant, and logical speaker drubbed,. the old pirate — England — and dealt' with the subject of Irish hopes and grievances. Sufficient to say, that he did himself and his theme the most ample and brilliant justice, eliciting thunders of applause through his whole ob servations, and until he fell back among the ladies and gentlemen who filled the rear of the platform. The next speaker on the list, who was also happily, introduced to the mighty throng by Mr. Cosgro*re, was the gallant O'Neill him self. We shall not attempt to describe the shout which arose from the sea of human beings before ? him, . as he stepped out to oc cupy the place just vacated by Mr. Meehan. It was the longest, the most startling, and the wild'est peal of human thunder that ever shook Clinton Forest. There was no staying it, guiding it, or modifying it ! There stood the general without venturing to open his mouth :?-. for he well know that so long as that wihii cheer lasted, the gentlemen at his very elbow could not hear a; .single sentence of what, h,e said, if he , had the voice and lungs oT 'a Stentur. fAhct there he was obliged 'to Stand' ,yet ] -still further ; for on ' rolled tJ|te tide of nuinan voices till the very earth shook beneath, him. At last, when he ';began to hope for a lull, it came ; and ; seiz ing upon it, before the tempestuous refrain icould again be taken up, he began his ad dress in a voice heard distinctly to the outer verge of the moving mass. Earnest, practi cal, logical, and at all times florid, he carried the multitude with him ; and was cheered again and again at every pause. He spoke of the hopes and aims of the great organisa tion over which he presides with such proud ability and integrity, and assured those be fore him that an Irish placed army should soon be in the field to deal a death-blow to the infamous tyrant that had so long kept their country in thrall ; and he made those stirring appeals to their patriotism and love of freedom which so mark all that he says or does in relation to Ireland. From the first to the last syllable of his able speech he was overwhelmed with thunders of applause, and with one' tremendous burst of enthusiasm when he fell back upon his more immediate friends. He was followed by the talented D. O'Sullivan, Secretary of Civil Affairs, who spoke of the organisation at home and abroad in an eloquent and telling manner, being frequently cheered and otherwise ap plauded. Mr. Sullivan is a fine speaker and an able man in every relation. We noticed on the platform besides those already named, Senators J. C. O'Brien, Rochester, and John Carrolton, New Jersey ; Patrick O'Day, Esq., Publisher 'Fenian Volunteer ;' Mr. Donnelly, Pittsburg, who was appointed secretary on the occasion ; Major O'Leary, Major M' Williams, James Brennan, Esq., and others. Among the ladies we observed also Miss Gibbons, the accomplished daughter of the noble Vice President of the Organisation. After the addresses the General reviewed the 7th Regiment. I.R.A., Colonel Clingen, and complimented the officers and men on the efficiency of their drill and their soldierly bearing. After this and some more cheering visits to the booths on the part of those who needed refreshments, the vast concoursemade the best of their way to the jam of street cars, omnibusses, waggons, and barges ; and delighted and elevated with the day's enjoy ment, bent their way homewards full of hope for Ireland. Amongst the most noticeable features of the festival, was the great number of native American citizens who were present upon the occasion, cheering the children of poor down-trodden Ireland on their way to liberty. Some of the first men in this city we noticed upon the ground, and we thank them in the name of the Fenian brotherhood of this district for the kind sympathy evinced towards the organisation upon this occasion. It speaks well for the heart within them ; feeling deeply as they evidently do for the misfortunes of a race that know how to be grateful and kind to their friends. General O'Neill and those who accom panied him hither, are, we are pleased to learn, delighted with their reception in Buffalo and the efficient condition of the Brotherhood here. They leave the city immediately to pursue their patriotic work in other directions. Verity the Fenian pic nic of the 27th of July, 1868, will long be remembered in the annals of Buffalo. 