THE "SLAVERY" HOWL. There has been a tremendous amount of spiritual " Sillinsgate" poured out on that much-vered ques. tion-the introduction of Polynesian labour into the colony. Terrible are the denunciations which are launched against the would-be "slave.driverse,"' "traf filekers in human flesh," &c.; Loudest amongst the loud, of course, is the inevitable Mr. Brookes. Give Mr. B, the ghost of a chance of combining the "literary card" with the public man, and he is ready to break out at any moment in a column of dreary twaddle. From his lat lucubration it would appear that we are threatened with a crusade by the clergy of Sydney, if the clergy of Brisbane don'trouse them selves, and, like St. Patrick did the frogs-" bring us to a sense of our situation." According to Mr. B. and the "clergy of Sydney " we are all on the high road to perdition, because a ship's cook told Mr. B. a rigmarole about a ship captain. This jewel of a "Soyer" makes certain revelations to Mr. B. seri onsly arecting the chlaracter and liberty of a man who is not here to defend himself. Mr. B. forthwith "1 goes in" for a column or so on the subject, pats his p'rotgd on the back as "a man and a brudder," and setsup a howlabout "Queensland Blavery." All this may look very philanthropic, but I think most people will take a somewhat different view of it. But what is this " slavery" qurstion P Some of our enterprising fellow- colonists have found that sugar and cotton can be successfully grown here. They have, moreover, discovered thlat if they are to compete on anything like equal terms with Mauritius, America, and the West Indies, they must employ coloured labour in the actual work of cultivation, white labour being too expensive, and not so well adapted to out-door work under a tropicalsun. Well, thelseo gentlemen, finding that we have an excellent labour-market at our own doors-the South Sea Islands-have Aired some of the natives for a certain length of time, at, comparatively speaking, a liberal rate of wages, the employers being bound to send these people back to their homes on the expiration of the time agreed upon. This seems tolerably plain sailing. Here we have the means of raising the colony out of its present wretched condition by opening up new fields of in. dustry, and so give employment to thousands ofour own people. Speaking of sugar, the mere growth of the cane is a bagntelle in comparison with the amount of labour expended in its manufacture, &c.; There is the carting and crushing of the cane, the boiling and refining processes, the manufacture of rum, the exten sive introduction of machinery, and the establishment of iron- foundries, thle work of exportation, and tile vitahlty which will be given to our commercial re lations with other countries. Similar results would ensue from the growth of cotton, and as we posses plenty of coal, who can say that we will not have an embryo Manchester after a while. It would appear frem the foregoing that the prosperity of the colony goes hand-in-hand with the growth of sugar an cotton: opium and coffee, it is to be hoped, will follow. But what's the use of talking about the matter? The whole thing is a delusion and a snare. Mr. Brookes says so-Mr. Brookes and his cook, and the " clergy of Sydney"-a delusion to the colonists, and a ensre to the Polynesians, who are kidnapped whole. sale-at least so Mr. Brookes aysp-he and his cook. It's all very flune for you sugar-growers to call these people Polynesian labourers; they are slaves, and you are all a pack of " slave-drivers," " trafickeres," &e.; Mr. Brokeos and the cook have settled the affair, and that ought to be enough for any sensible man. We are told, amongst other "things not generally known," that we are not fit to associate with these angelic " Islanders;" that we are a bad lot and would contaminate them if they came amongst us. One feels strongly tempted to ask for what purpose was that portion oflhumanity created which is fortunate enough to be able to boast of black skins ? From the foregoing it would appear that the blackfellow was designed to be a kind of "lay figure," capableofbeing "done up" into a sort of gingerbread Christian, then clapped into a band-box; and sent to heaven-" with care." Our clerical friends "stick us up" periodically for-I'm afraid to say bow many-thousands of pounds for thle conrversion of these heathens into Christians. If the Christianity they receive be of such a delicate fragile nature that mere contact with a Christian nation is enoughl to destroy it, would it not be better to bestow our money on the starring white slaves around us P I should like to kneow what, in the opinion of Mr. Broohloes, constitutes the "slavery" portion of this question. Is it the engagement to serve for a certain period ? If so, our soldiers and sailors are the veriest slaves to be found under the sun, and they get the ~la too. But they happen, unfortunately, to have sohite skins, so there is no maudlin sentiment wasted on them. Is it the low rate of wages ?P See what is considered ample remuneration for agricultural la bourers at home-from a shilling to two shillings per day. If the captain of a vessel trading with the Islands is accused of kidnapping these people, are tie sugar growers, who employ them, therefore to be branded as "traffickers in human flesh," and the system described as slavery ?- Certainly not. Let the charges be clearly proved, and then give the rascal fifteen years' penal servitude; there will be no more didnauoine after that. Finally, why should I, a white slave (or something very much akin to it) be compelled to toil and sroil from morning till night, while my black friend over the water is carefully hedged in, and absolutely pre vented from earning his bread by the sweat of his brow, when he is desirous of doing so P WVhy should he be considered a superior order of being, whose only business in life seems to be the eating of yams, mis sionaries, and stray seamen, when he can get them P Why should he not come over here, end become civil. ised ns well as Christianised, and return to his own people a better man in every respect than if he had stuck to hIis yams at home P Tlsey hare just as much right to come here as we have, and Mr. Brookes will find that unless he can abolish one of the fundamental principles of the Britishl Constitution, he will not be able to keep them out. He may take a very elevated and sentimental view of the South Sea Islander--eall him his brother, supply him with "moral pocket handkerchiefs" od libitum, and so forth--but I don't believe he has a bit more real regard for him than I have; and I don't look upon the "Islander" as any relation whatever. A?eranis. -Courier. At the Central Police Court on Friday, two South Sea Islanders appeared to prefer, a complaint against their employer, Mr. William Ducket White, of Tingalpa. Their names were Jeiwene and Cale. They stated that they had been under an engagement with Mr. White since September 11, 1867, and the chief ground of their complaint was that the meat and flour supplied to them were not good, and the quantity supplied to them insuffcient. They left their master's place on Tuesday last to make the complaint. Mr. White stated that there was a scale of rations in his agreement with the complainants. He always gave them the ratione mentioned in the scale, and frequently gave them more. These two men always got as much food of the same quality as the four other islanders on the place; who had never made any complaints. He gave them tea and sugar two or three times a week, and neither ofthese articles woas mentioned in the agreement. Sometimes they neused the whole week's provisions in two days, and when such was the case they had more supplied to them. They were frequently visited by Polynesiane from the neighbouring plantations and farme, and sometimes there were as many as thirty from the neighbourhood visiting the men at his place. Mr. M. 8\. Davis, of Town Marie, gave evidence as to the quality of the meat supplied to the men, which ihe said was good. The magistrates, Messrs. H. H. Massie and John W'Donnell, dismissed the ease, and ordered the mon to return to their employment. Coerier. A AWWARDL BLAST.-The i-?lland feroursy' Dungog correspondent writes:-Mr. Bobert Lees was in bed reading; his candle was fied in a bottle which stood on a chair at the side" of the bed. Looking round he perceived the end of the candle sinking alight down the neck of the bottle, and blowing at it to put it out, an explosion took place, through the ignition of some blasting powder that was in the bottle. About two months ago, the bottle had been given out with a supply of powder for blasting pur poses. Not being all required, the bottle with the remainder was returned, and was afterwards placed as an empty bottle among other ones. The same bottle, with the powder in it, had served as a candle stick more than once before. Mr. Lees has a gash over his left ular vein, and it is a marvel that the vein was onl partially severed. There is another gash underthe left eye. They are the only wounds which Dr. M'Kinlay has had to apply sutures to, and sctrange to say, they had no lodgment of pieces of the shattered bottle. The wounds fre?which pieces were extracted were in the arms, near the shoulders. The 8. . BHer~ld of Friday last has the following': -Beyond the statement in the note of Lord Belmore, read by Mr. Martin in the Assembly yesterday after noon, that Mr. foberteon had not yet been able to complete his arrangements for forming a new ad ministration, nothing further has transpired in refer once to the composition of the new Ministry; but it is understood that nearly, if not quite, all the offoes are Srovided for except the law offices. It is stated that r. Dalley has refused the appointment of Attorney General on account of his health and his disinclination to re-enter upon public life. The Western Post has the following:-" It will be remembered that Mr. Blesehmied, for some time a re sident in Madgee, and who left forGermany, his native country, some twelve months ago, with the intention of living upon his savings in this colony, has found out that the love of one's country may occasionally bring a man into trouble. It seems that he had been originally in the army, and had retired from the service without permis8ion. Upon temhing his native place he was seioed upon by the authorities, and has been sentenced to two years' imprisonment for desertion." 