\- ' THE-NATHAN TROTIPF,.- J. . , Tins interesting troupe of juvenile performers' again - made' - their appearance at-' <'tiie;M TJiea'tb Royal ljist. night, and tiiis'eveniiig will be'.tlib ('cbricludiiig'brie ' of ' tlieir' present 1 erigagemeiit'/:' -A (very liberal pragramirie'/iyM provided,' cpnsistirig "of two farces: aiid a'Uiillet. (Tho'Srst/wris entitled " Thb( Twp Smitlis,(/!writteii(f;-om'tlio;Cuthb'drt Bede's ribveletto of "Nearer,. arid Dearer,'.'/ by Air Small,; tlie /Second, tlie;, Hibernian ; farce-; of ' ' His Last (L(egst" i wliich will long ho remembered, iri c'oiiriectio'ri witli'tlie. representation . of . , O'Oal- higliqn by 'G. Y. Broolco. In. tlio " Two Smiths,!', little/ Alarion was as .usual; the central figure', of attraction, for : tlio ease witli which she enacted > tlie : -part of Larry Driscoll, nriil " for tho natrirril- infantine joyousqess with : which' she oritored into ic! ' Solina, as Dolly Dotj/'waSi amusingly ' pi-' quant; and threw groat spirit? into the provoking sriccestivonoss - bv wliieli -sliri hnilfirivniii- nil tn arouse the tender passion ' iri lier swain; Lrirry. But thozgrerit interest of the (evening ivas tho farce; of " His 'LastL'egs,"ori account of tho trial to which Alarion was subjectivo in sustaining the 'oharabter of O'Callaghan, and it - really it /seems past belief that a child of lier yonvs could bo triiiiibtl to take such a role. The character is so differoul, from that in which she has appeared, it being complex, requiring varied expressions, many situations, and altogether of a higher range than sho is usually caste for. She was equal to tlio ordeal ; she frequently convulsed the audieneo with laughter, and as n test of appreciation she wns summoned boloro tlio curtain at tlio closo. Selina and tho others wero successful ill their respective performances, all of thorn acting well tho parts thnt fell to their lot. The performance concluded with the laughable ballet of tho " Ghost at' tho Villnge," which formed a fitting termina tion of tlio best bill of the week. To-morrow evoning the performance will be for tlie benefit of tlio prodigy Alurion, whoso carte de visile will be given away to thoso in tho. boxes. Tlio theatre was crowded Inst night in the pit and stalls, tlie boxes wero but indifferently attended, but inas much as tho houso was the best tliat the troupo have had, it shows tliat they arc becoming ap preeintcd, and should prove us an encouragement for tliem to return. As a farewell it would only he doing justico to accord tliem a bumper house to-night. Steps luivo been instituted for organising nGipps- laud Stoekownors' Association, and a meeting for mailing tlie preliminary arrangements is advertised to bo held at the Club Hotel, Salo, at half-past two o'clock to-day, when nil interested in the movement are invited to attend. Among lie objects for which tho society ia intended to ho established are, tlio prevention of cattle stealing ,- tlio offer of prizes for improving tlio breed of horses, cattle, or slieop ; granting subsidies towards the extermination of noxious animals, and discussing all matters affecting the iuterests of the owners of stock. 