THE FRENCH AT MENTANA. (L, Opinion Nationals— Fana, Nov.. 10.) ; ' Our. Cllassepot rifles have done wonders,' says > General Failly, in his report of the figh t at Mentana. ! And in a letter in the Univera-we :find;the: foli lowing liues: — ' The Ghassepot rifle has astonished the army . It I deals out death or wounds which aro worscthan! death. Tho noise made by tho new balls is not like j tho old discharge of musketry, It is a . continual roll which causes indescribable fright.' It is therefore to tbe Cllassepot rifle that the honour! of tlie day of Mentana is due. NovV we know the victor, but who was the vanquished ? ' The vanquished was the Temporal Power. The intervention of tho French troops at the mo ment when the victory wavered between the Gari- baldians and tho PapalianB, has proved once more that the Popo-ICing was incapable of defending him self by his own strength. As tho journal des De- hats says, by sending our troops to tlio help of that Powor in distress, we have only furnished its ad versaries with fresh arguments to show how impos sible it is to restore life to it. Is it not strange, that in order to safeguard him whoso anathemas formerly made Europe tremble, it was necessary for modern invention to diseovor, just in time, tho most murderous instrument ? It is a law of history that the moral weakness of an autho rity either spiritual or temporal, is exactly measured by tho exnggoration of material force whioh it uses to obtain by violonoe what it no longer obtains by tho frco assent of men's minds aud hearts 1 This" is what tho Papacy is now reduced to ; it subsists be cause a rifle has been made which makes wounds Inrger and more incurable than tlie old projectiles. ; The iutorventiou of the French army is therefore lamentable, if one consider the Cntholio interests. If one place himself at the point of view of the Freuqli Government, those who are attached to that Government deploro it no less. Wheu is a duek like a ghost ?— When it is a gob bling (goblin). 