DESTRUCTION OF HER MAJESTY'S THEATRE. Gk the night of Friday, December 6, one of the handsomest, certainly, if not the finest, theatres in London, went tbe way of all theatres, and was burnt lo the ground in less than two 'hours. Tbe fire, while it ra^ed, was one of tbe -fiercest ever known in iSiondon? and though the main building, the beautiful theatre, quickly burnt itself out and crumbled away in a towering pyramid of flame,' yet its surround inrro itnnHnnprl to hlitKP flfl linilSfi Jlftpr hoGSR in the colonnade caught fire, and were burned from roof to basement. Those buildings facing i the Haymarket ^and Pall Mall also suffered most severely, tbe bouses on the Haymarket side being almost completely, destroyed. Thejro was first observed at about a quarter to 11 o'clock, and sbcntly after the first alarm all the neighborhood knew it far and near, for -the theatre was one gigantic mass of flame in « few minutes. Anything like attempts to -save property — that is to say, the properties in i ; . ^the theatre — was out of the question, for the interior glowed like a furnace, and the flames -darting through tbe roof, created a draught which Instantly made all hope of saving -either * iifie building or anything in it totally impos: -sible. The i fire caused its own alarm, and ?large draughts of the metropolitan force from,' Scotland-yard were instantly detachcd, tinder ; ihe command of Mr. Superintendent Walker ; -anil Mr. £ettel. They/ however, could do little-more than keep off^the enormous crowds ? .. that«,t ^nce eollectfed, ron^bf danger^ Betach mentsof tbe Foot Guards, both from AVelling ton-batTacks and ifche barracks at tbe back of the National Gallery, came -up simultaneously with the police. At least balf of the troops were in. full marching uniform, the Crest in un -^dress flannel Jackets, .Just as they had been , turned -out of ^e-L *he assistance of ?this force, the stoeets leading to the 'theatre were kept clear. and ihe fire-mains jail around 'Recent-street, Haymarket, and Pall-mall turned fully on. The supply of water seemed ample, and fire-engine after fire- engine as they came rapidly np, were, under the directions oLtDap *:taiaj§haw, at once get into the best positions for|dbecking the spread of the -flames, for all hope of extinguishing them at their source was -hopeless. The glare at this -time was seen all over the metropolis^ and tens of thousands ?^flocked ftom all points towards 4he great centre of the disaster, while cabs, carriages, and -even waggons, . blocked the thoroughfares which led to it. In a short time the steam 'fire-engines were in full work, and as fast as -vthe now, it is iio be hoped, obsolete hand ^engines arrived^ .theySlioo W3ejre set to work. The steam-engitfes threw , volumes of water with tremendous .force, and' where' -their ^ets . fell tbey seemed 4o explode in clouds of steam. \- Not so with' the hand «ngines, which required 4 3me thirty soldiers to work them, and the feeble dribble from which was easily directed , and governed by one man. The exertions of the firemen were beyond all praise. They climbed along, parapets and copings at heights . . - -which made'one cold to lopk at :them, dragging -with them great lengths of leather ^hose with -which to play upon the- S^mes at any point 'that seemed of consequence, no matter what the risk to the men themselves. In spite of Aflame and smoke, and a -terrific storm of burn ing fragments, -they ke£t their places on tiie roof, their comrades below turning now and then jets of water upon land around the men to ' -keep the spots cool on which they stood. The scene was one of terrible grandeur. The roof of the theatre' fell amid a shower of -sparks and burning fragments, leaving ' a ' gigantic mass of white flame in the centre, the -very heat of -which alone was charring up and ; burning up building after building around it. : All the steam fire-engines were at full work, '* . «nd-tbe monotonous thud thud of those worked ^ j - by hand were the only sounds which broke ' Tipon the hoarse roaring of the crowd and the iheayy flap of the great sheets of fl^me, which ' -seemed to jeopardise the existenc^ of every : building near the place. vOver the front of the \--clubs in Fall-mall' tbe burning fragments fell thick 'as Kail ; indeed, It was impossible at times to pass along this, thoroughfare without being severely burned. The chiefs of police \- .and the firemen working among theses tbe ebouts and cries of the men on the roof of the building itself and colonnade giving directions, amid, the glaring uproar beneath, where to place the engines, the efforts of the soldiers to t^ep the great moving mass of people back, all ip&de; up a scene as exciting and as grand in its \- terrors as tbe great fire some years ago at Cotton's wharf. * The ; theatre was the main cource of the m' whole fire. As is always the case with theatres, \-- it burnt like a tar-barrel, but, as usual, left a mass of flame and heat which worked qnickly -and surely through into the surrounding build ings. ^ouse after bouse around it was gutted, in spite of all tbe efforts of .-the firemen. Tbe ^flames, however, were well within control, and 'the engines were principally used to keep the walls of the main building cool, for in many -places they were bulging ominously. Still, -from this work they had every now and then \- to be diverted as fresh Hames appeared in' tbe houses around. It has always been* said 'that her Majesty's Theatre was so provided withlarge water-tanks on tbe roof, that any ihing like danger to the building from fire was -^Impossible. What these tanks were doing it is v; j. -Impossible to say; but one, at least, when tbe ^flames reached it, burnt with a fierce 'flame like so much straw. That there could have \- - been any water in it is impossible. ?Of the theatre itself, one of tbe finest in the world, nothing remains but the bare, roofless '--walls, and immense masses of charred materials 4 in indescribable confusion covering the whole .. space on which the building stood. All 'the ? fOBtly properties, all the wardrobes of the Establishment have perished, as have also the instruments of the orchestra, the grand pianos, * and a musical library of incalculable value, which had taken years to collect. Madame \- 'Titiena alone has lost jewellery worth -from ?£1000 to £1200, in addition to all her magnificent stage dresses. -The grand orgaffi ? -which cost .nearly £800, and -all the stage Bcenery and decorations, paiDted for the most ' pa^.ljy Telbin, Grieve, and Oalcott, have been \- destroyed, and the whole fabric, with all its surroundings, is in ruins. By an odd circum stance, the only thing which -has survived the general wreck is the dress in which the ghost in Don Giovanni was wont to be played. The actual and prospective loss to Mr. ?Mapleson, the lessee, is estimated at £12,000 and the disaster, as it affects him, is greatly aggravated by the fact of his not having been insured, to tbe amount of a single shilling. ??He was about to effect an insurance, but it &ad; not been completed. The large duty -chargeable upon theatrical properties is under etood to have previously deterred bim. In the ? course of Saturday, Dec. 7, her Majesty, through 'the Lord Chamberlain, sent a message to him ?expressive of her sympathy and regret, and a telegram from Sandringham, in similar terms, accompanied by an expression , of hope that no t lives bad been lost on the occasion, was seived from his Royal Highness the Prince .Wales. \- The Earl of Dudley held the lease of the -theatre, about 26 years of which are still to ran,, and it was sublet to Mr. Mapleson for 21 years, seven of which are expired, at a rent of £8000 a year, payable in advance. It was built in 1790 on the site of the previous house, erected under the direction of Sir John iVanbrugh in 17G5, which was destroyed by ?ire on the night of June 17, 1789. The first -etone was laid by tha then Earl o( Joking : '??? -' S-'. . hamshire, and the house was opened on March 26, 1791, but for music and dancing only, a : license for theatrical performances having been refused by the authorities of that time. On the destruction of the Pantheon, however, by fire in the following year its license was transferred to the Opera in the Haymarket. Tbe architect was Michael Novosielki, and it was originally calftd the King's Theatre, but upon tbe accession of Queen Victoria it assumed the name by which it has ever since been known. It was the largest in England, except the new Italian Opera, its internal dimensions being said to be within a. few feet of those of La Scala at Milan. From the curtain to the back of tbe boxes it was upwards of 100ft. long and 56ft. high ; the width of the curtain was 40ft., and that of the pit 65 ft. The stage measured 60ft from the orchestra to the back wall, and 80ft. between the side walls. The building was of brick, covered with Roman cement, the entablature being of Bath stone, and the surrounding columns of cast-iron coloured to represent stone, and 17ft. in height. The east, or principal, front was 283ft. in length, and 64ft, high. In 1790 the interior of Abe building was partly remodelled by Marinari, Scene- painter at Drury-lane. The exterior colonnades and facades were completed by Messrs. Thomas Nash and ReptOD, in'18L8, at jacost jof £50,000. One characteristic of tbe theatre' waa its acoustic quality, in which respect it is said to have been unequalled by any bailding of its class; Much of the properly immediately surround ing- the theatre has been more or ;less injured, and some of it completely destroyed. The greatest sufferer of all is Mr. Graves, the en graver and printseller in Pall-mall. Behind ?his front shop were four spacious picture gal leries on the ground floor, communicating with one another, and. lighted chiefly from the roof. These were stored with a rare collection of ancient and modern works of art, collected daring a period of forty years, the greater part of which, along with the galleries contain! bg them, have been entirely- destroyed. Many of the pictures in Mr. Graves' private house, which is over his shop, were hastily removed, with others, during the fire, to the United Ser vice Olub, immediately, opposite. The backs of the houses in Waterloo-place were all more or leBs damaged, 'but to nothing like the extent of ^the premises of Mr. Graves. So intense was the. heat from the burning building-that it cracked thick plate-glass in the windows of the Athenaeum and United Service -Clubs and of other houses on the further side of Pall-mall and of Waterloo-place. As to the origin of the fire little or nothing has been discovered, but the opinion is that it broke out first about some part of the stage. Subscriptions are being collected for the relief of the employees who have suffered most from the catastrophe. Mademoiselle Jnliette X ? has just been tried before the Court of Assizes of Vasailly. She was accused of the^murder of one Leroy, described as orie 6i the handsomest young fellows of LimoafSj- the residence likewise of Mademoiselle. X— and of her parents. This fine young fellow paid hi6 addresses to Juliette, gained her affections, and, under a -solemn promise of marriage, seduced her. Then, after the manner of Tine young fellows who are also scoundrels, '.he refused to redeem his promise.. He cooly informed the girl whom he had betrayed that he intended to marry another woman, and advised her to console herself with ^bother man.- Juliette in vain attempted to move his heart. The fellow laughed at her grief, aud told her that ' things were always managed thus.' If hereupon Juliette X ? had snatched up a knife or a pistol and slain the false Leroy where he stood, 'something in the way of extenuation of tbe crime might perhaps have been urged. It was stated in her defence that she meditated the commission of suicide; but, the thought occurring; to ber that Leroy, being the guiltier party of the two, also deserved condign puuishment, she elected to kill him first and herself afterwards. Sbe endeavored to procure a pistol, but failing in her endeavour, she purchased a dagger-knife. Making one last appeal to Leroy which was repulsed, she dealt him three ' resolute ' blows with the. dagger, of which he presently died. Juliette next attempted to kill herself ; but the wounds she inflicted were not mortal. When they were healed, she was arraigned for the murder. Sbe denied nothing; the evidence was simple and conclusive ; the president, we are told, summed up against her ' virulently,' and the jury found her not guilty either of murder or manslaughter! They acquitted her, and she is now a free woman. The deadly Chassepot iatbns described by a . captain of Garibaldians-: — 'At a distance of over 1000 metres {1100 yards) a platoon fire of about fifty men killed or wounded thirty Gari baldians.. During the quick fire at all distances the bnllets fell like bail.' I was engaged at Custozza and Solferino, and even then I never heard such a quantity of balls whistle about my ears. The result was that, after a very short resistance, disorder commenced, and eveiyone ran away without looking* behind them.' New Mode of Thieving. — A new mode of stealing /jewellery was divulged at the Middle sex Sessions on December 16. A thieving personage, who -gave the name of Charles Myers, went into a -shop in Regent-street and asked to see some diamonds. He was observed to examine them very carefully with his eye glass, and it was also remarked that some of the diamonds adhered to the 'eyeglass. He was given into custody. ,It turned out that the eyeglass bad been prepared with some greasy substance. There were twenty other charges ready to be preferred against the accused. He got ten years' penal servitude. There is a tradition, said to be historical, concerning a clerk in the War Office who once wanted a peg whereon to hang his hat. To save the' expense of a carpneter, he applied for a hammer and^ nail, with which to drive it in himself. Six months passed before he received ?any artswer to his request, and 'he had long ago set up a peg of hie own, when a special messenger -from -the Tower arrived at Pall-Mali with a hammer sent to him at last through the medium of numberless requisitions and authori zations. At the same time he was informed that it was not the province of the Tower officials to supply nails, but that these would come-to him from Woolwich ; and, after a few months further waiting, they really did arrive— a pound of nails, brought by a great ambulence waggon with its half dozen horses and its attendants. That story may be an overstate tnent of the facts, but it may pass as an example of official 'system' in the War Office, and the vast amount of trouble caused by its complicated system of governments . within governments. — Examiner. The' Prince and. Princess of Wales are at Sandringbain. The health of the prince con tinues to improve. December 1 was the birth day of her Royal Highness, but the celebrations consequent thereon took place on December 2. Tbe school children of . Sandringbam ? and Babingly sang a birthday hymn in front of the i hall-; and in the afternoon about 160 of the ' children belonging to the schools on the royal estate were feasted in the large room at the royal mews, and the day's festivities terminated with a dinner party at the hall, and a grand bonfire on Sandringbam heights. iNGHOwrNGt Tots-NAifj. — Dr. Bailey, in the Leavenworth Medical Journal , suggests the following method of healing this deformity. He has found that the second toe always presses firmly against, and rather beneath the side of the great toe. It has occurred to him, therefore, that if this constant cause of trouble - could be dispensed with, and, at the same time, pressure applied in such a manner as to : press the flesh away from the nail, aperma- : nent cure could be effected without the use of tbe knife. To accomplish this he has made a bandage by taking a strong piece of muslin, about one inch wide and long enough to make two ..loops (by sewing), one large enough to slip over the great toe and the other to slip over the third toe and bring them close together, letting the second toe rest over or above tbe bandage, where it furnishes pre cisely the required pressure to crowd tbe soft parts away, from tbe nail and at tbe same time remove tbe pressure that caused tbe disease. 'In a few cases where he bas used this appliance it bas been followed by com plete .success. A Hoebible Sitctatio». — Two miners, father and son, were descending the shaft of tbe coal-pit near Liege, the other day, when the latter slipped and fell forward over the basket. The father darted to his rescue, and succeeded in catching bold of his arm, and so retained him hanging over the abyss, but without having sufficient strength tp pull the youth up. He loudly called for help, but was not heard ; he felt his strength rapidly giving way, and, as a final effort, uttered a piercing cry. His grasp then relaxed, and he sank senseless. The poor lad fell to the bottom, a depth of nearly 700 feet, and of course was taken up a corpse. The unfortunate father still suffers from tbe shock of this horrible catastrophe. The Fenian Conspiracy to Destroy Millbank PBisoN.-r-^ithout the slightest desire to heighten the alarms which the recent outrages on tbe part of tbe Fenians have caused we must say that tbe situation is now one of great gravity. Disregarding mere rumors, which are.abundant, there are a sufficient num ber of definite attempts to show that the con spirators are active and reckless. The mtlst recent of these attempts was directed against Millbank Prison, where the Fenians appear to have imagined that three of their number, Desmond, Allen, and Casey, were confined. For obvious reasons, the actual place of their confinement has been kept as secret as pos sible 4 but the Irish have a talent for espionage, and it is not easy to keep such secrets inviolate. Early yesterday morning two men were ob served to land close to the prison, and when they noticed the approach of policemen tbey ran away down tbe river side. It was too dark to follow them ; the constables took possession of the boat, which contained a sixty-pound keg of gunpowder. Careful search being at once made in the precincts 'of the prison, another keg of the same size was found in a disused sewer, which at one time carried tbe drainage of Millbank to the Thames. Evidently the in tention of the conspirators was to penetrate beneath the prison as far as the sewer would permit, and then to explode the gunpowder. The results must have been even more dreadful than those of the Clerkenwell outrage. Mill bank is enormously strong; but the most massive buildings may be destroyed when such means are recklessly used, it is uufortuDate that these two men escaped 4 but the boat, the tarpaulin, the kegs of powder, may possibly afford a clue to them. Clearly, stringent mea sures must be taken to prevent the sale of explosive substances. Where can the Fenians so readily obtain gunpowder, phosphorus, and nitro-glycerine ? Loyal dealers in such articles should at once refuse to sell them to unknown persons without clear evidence as to their being required for proper purposes. In the handis of the desperate ruffians with whom we have to deal, tbey are far more dangerous than strych nine or hydrocyanic acid, which no chemist will sell except under careful conditions. Science bas multiplied explosive materials to such an extent that they find their way even into the toys of children. Events now. show that the public safety demands a restriction of their sale. Manufacturers and dealers, if they do their duty, can assuredly prevent the con spirators from arming themselves with these terribly fatal substances. — Globe. A letter from Mr. Twigjr, an engineer, engaged in building a lighthouse at St. Thomas, gives a vivid description of the force of the recent hurricane out there. He says : — ' One leaf of my door got open before the lull ; two men held me while I put my head and shoulders out to try to shut it. I failed, and. -another mau tried, and succeeded, ' but it took three others to hold on by his arms and less to prevent his being blown away. Solid pieces of rock bave been severed by wind and sea from the cliff, leaving broken sections of about a square yard area, and one piece of rock, which I would judge to weigh 15 cwt., was broken off the face of the cliff S:E. of the lighthouse, and stranded about 50 yards to the S.W. of it.' An extraordinary trial for murder has just taken pla^e at Moudon, cantou of Vaud, in Switzerland. A man named Hely Freymond had, before his marriage, which took place less than a year ago, been on terms of intimacy with a young woman, named Louise Freymond also, alfhougb no relation. The husband bad, however, not ceased to see his former mistress, and the latter, whose hopes of becoming her self the wife of Hely had been destroyed by this marriage, employed the influence she pos sessed over him to induce him to poison Madame Freymond. He consented to do so by means of a cake in which arsenic had been introduced, and which he had the horrible cruelty to give to her when joyously playing together in a family party, and although she. was far advanced in pregnancy. The constitu tion of the wife having resisted this attempt, a -stronger dose of poison was administered, and .?to which ehe succumbed. Madame Freymond had left her fortune to be equally divided be tween her husband and. her sister, Marie Olivier- The man then formed the project to marry tbe latter, who was, however, betrothed to a M. Mettranx. To. remove this impedi ment, Hely Freymond invited Mettraux to accompany bim on a walk, to make arrange ments for the division of the property, and gave him & roll poisoned with strychnine ; tbe other ate the bread without suspicion, and fell to the ground in horrible convulsions, and Freymond, believing -them to be mortal, left him to his fate. Mettraux was, however, found by a ?friend, and was saved. Freymond was then arrested, aud doubts having arisen as to whether the wife had died from natural causes, the body was exhumed and found to contain arsenic. He was now brought to trial, with his mistrees, and after five days' proceedings, was condemned to death, and the woman tb 20 years' imprisonment. At 2 a.m. on Sunday morning, some cottagers I living near a grinding-wheel at StanniDgton, j near Sheffield, beard a noise, but took no ! notice of it at the time. It was afterwards ! found that the grinding-shed had been broken j into, and all the saw-grinders' bands and the I nut6 of the glasiers taken away. The jpro- - perty belonged to Messrs. Sorby and Sons, saw manufacturers. They have had no 'dis- pute with the union, and no application s has been made to them to pay arrears for the men, or to dismiss any obnoxious men. Messrs. Sorby propose to deal vigorously in the matter, and have at once stopped all the saw-grinders in their employ, and work will be refused them until the bands and nuts are restored, or now ones furnished. The secretary, on heha'f of the society, strongly repudiates the outrage, and declares that no money has been, or ever will be paid, for its commission from union funds. A most unprovoked assault was committed on Tuesday night on one'of the most inoffen sive men on tbe diggings — Mr. Nash — by two scoundrels who have hitherto escaped the re searches of the police. As Mr. Nash was walking in tbe street at a rather late bour on' that night, a man came up to him, and haviog asked if his name were Nash, immediately seized bim by tbe throat, exalaiming, 'You are the blackguard who brought me here,' the fellow's mate assisting him at tbe same time. There can, however; be little dount that robbery was intended, although they wished to make it appear an act of vengeance on tbe part of some disappointed diggers. — Nashville Times. Emu Cbeek. — A correspondent writing from Grenfell, saysi — 'I bave but little news to tell you of tbis place. There are now nine steam mills at work here, stamping away -night and day, and that is something. The Eureka fiat is a decided failure, and there is not a pay able claim upon it. All the leases have been abandoned, though, that is not saying much, for, with two exceptions, no work has been -done on any of them. And yet upon the Eureka alone there were from twelve to fifteen leases taken out for quantities of land ranging from six to tweuty acres. Ail were in the hands of speculators*, who held for ssle or trausfer. The reefs on tbe Tiagong are mostly failures. St. Patrick's, Evening Star, and St. George's have been tested, a good quantity of the stone from each has passed through the machine, nnd the result bas been decidedly un favorable. Most of the other reefs in that locality have been altogether abandoned. The Seven-mile rush has turned out a terrible sell After all the money laid out by tradi-smen and others, there is everything a complete wreck, all the houses either closed or closing, or sold up. To add to our dulness, the great rush that has set in to the Maryborough gold-field has deprived us of very many of our best and I staunchest men. However, our escorts will ' keep up for the next twelve months, even 1 though tbe population should be reduced so low as five hundred miners, for there is now so much stone on the surface that all the machines on the field have been engaged for for four months in advance. Owing to this monody of the machines by those companies that have a large stock of stone on hand, it is quite im possible to get small lots crushed. This may have been so far serviceable that it has pre vented a great deal of undue speculation, and of the many new reefs taken up last year the greater part bave been abandoned without so much as a trial crushing. This has also caused a clearing out amongst tbe reef sharps and quartz speculators who found tbeir occupation I utterly gone. You can imagine how we have thinned off when I tell you that Intimate the number of miners at 1000 at the outside.' Attempted Bank Robbery and Mukheb by a Chinaman. — (From the Melbourne, Age.) The inhabitants of Epsom township were thrown into a state of great excitement on Thursday night by tbe discovery that a Chinaman had attempted to rob tbe Bank of Victoria there, and to murder the servant girl, who happened to be the ODly inmate, except a child, at tbe time. About 8 o'clock at night (says the Bendigo Advertiser ) Mr. Murcott, manager of tbe bank, and his wife, went out for a walk across the flat to visit Mr. M'Cutcheon, and were away an hour and a .half. Shortly after they left, a Chinaman knocked at the side gate, the entrance to the private house, adjoining the rear of the bank, and on the servant, Rachel M Cullocb, a girl of 17 years of age, opening the door, he asked change for some bank notes. She said he could he could not get change, as Murcott was out, and then shut the door and went into the kitchen, which is detached from the house. In a few minutes after this, hearing a slight noise in the bank, she went into the house, and on getting into the sitting-room, a door from which leads into the bank, she saw a chinaman sitting on a stool in front of tbe iron safes, which are under tbe bank counter, .the lamp being lighted on the floor beside him, and he apparently considering bow to get at the contents of the safes. Instead of haviog the presence of mind to shut the door and lock him in, and call for assistance, she demanded what he was d -ing there, and immediately he rushed at ber with a sharp butcher's knife in his band, the blade being about a foot long, knocked ber down, and attempted to cut ber throat. A fearful struggle took place between them, in which the poor girl's fingers weie cut to pieces in her frantic endeavors to snatch the knife from the murderous villian, but as often as she caught the handle he drew the l;em edge through her clenched fingers, and then cut and hacked at her head and neck. Unable to effect his murderous purpose, and fearing detection owing to tbe screams of tbe girl, he ran off aud esciped. Almost immediately afterwards several of the neighbors came running in, and found the servant silting in a chair and covered with blood. Dr. Chf-yne, who was at once sent for, speedily arrived, and on examination he found a large cut along the top of the head to the temple, another ga.*h along tbe top of the left arm, and a third cutting the elbow joint, while there was a fourth large cut across the back of the neck. These wounds were dressed, tbe girl all the time sitting calmly and heroically enduring the pain. As soon as sbe bad been attended to, a search was made, and in the bank was found a tomahawk, and at tbe side door a pair of shoes, both left by the scoundrel, but be had carried off the knife. The Chinaman, as far as the girl could recognise him, was about five feet seven inches in heighf, full-faced, and wore a brown jumper and witie-awike hat. Some one said a'Gbinaman .bad been seen running along the road past the Shamrock Hotel to the railway crossing, and a number of tbe inhabi tants, accompanied by constable Bradley, started in pursuit. They proceeded to the Chinese Camp, near the site of Thomas's machine, and searched the tents for any blood stained clothes, but they found none. The Chinamen were all in bed, and were not at all pleased at being disturbed, and none of them could be made to ' savee.' Near one tent a pair of moleskin trousers and a brown jumper, quite wet, as if recently washed, were hanging on a line. The constable, however, did not tbink it necessary to take possession of the6e. One man was missing from the party in the tent, but the Chinamen would not understand ; they said, however, that the man's name was Ah Hum. Seeing no probability of catching the man they were in search of, the party re turned to the township, and informatioa was forwarded to the detectives yesterday morning, and about 11 o'clock detective O'Leary arrived at Epsom to make inquiries. Early yesterday morning, Mr. Fogarty, Mr. Giles, Mr. Capevell, and several others who had been out on the previous evening, traced the track of bire feet in the dust from the bank to the railway cross ing, the small gate at which was stained with blood. The party succeeded in tracing tbe footsteps to the Chinese Camp, at Thomas's machine, a distance of a mile, when they were lost opposite one of the Chinese tents and could not be traced across the hard ground between the road and the tent. Oniy one Chinaman was in tbe tent( aud be could not 'savee;' all his mates were away. The gate keeper at tbe railway crossing said he saw a Chinaman leave the camp with his swag about five o'clock in the morning, and this is supposed to have been the man that is wanted It is Cfirtainly a pity that a watch was not set on the cair-p during ihe night, and it lias been re marked as strange that so long a time was allowed to elapse before thfi p^!'c« authorities svjt about making inquiries into the matter. 