?-: §mxxk d fyt f %m. , [iGNORANCE AND SUPERSTITION. There are two standard cries agamab the Church ; the one is, that Bhe is a despotism, and Opposed both to civil and religious liberty; the Other is that she fosters ignorance and supersti tion. Catholics, if attached to the Church and 1 obedient to her precepts, are sneered at as ignor Jrant and superstitious j and it is only those poor careless Catholics who abuse the Pope, and read fcotjung but the newspapers and the flashy and Oyriical literature of the day, pay little heed to their relieion, seldom hear Mass, and tell their JProfcestant and infidel neighbours that they are bot- 'starched up, and though their parents brought them up to go to Church, they are not bigoted, and do not pretend that none but Ca tholics are in the right, that are commended as liberal and enlightened Catholics. Now do our non-Catholic friends, who hare bo doubb that they are themselves enlightened, eventhink of enquiring for the proofs that the Church fosters ignorance and superstition, or that we Catholics are specially ignorant and supersti tious ? Was it among Catholics that modern Spiritism or necromancy originated ? Are Catho lics its principal adherents? Do those among Catholics who are seduced by the Spirits remain Catholics ? No. They cannot be spiritists, that iB,'.necromancers and devil-worshipers and Catho Ucb at the same time, and they must either give Up their Spiritism or leave the Church, and seek associates among non- Catholics, and yet a grosser or more barefaced superstition cannot be teamed. It is one of those superstitions which ?venthe laws of Pagan Rome could not tole -ate.- How is it, again with Mormonism? Is not that -a superstition? wnere among uacnonca Vrill you find anything that betrays equal ignor ance,-, credulity, superstition and immorality? *5fet .the Mormons are staunch Protestants, and gather in their recruits from Protestants and infidels. . There ia scarcely any Irishman, if in deed there be one, to be found among them. She belief in witches, and fear of ghosts is much Ktronger and far more prevalent among non Catholics than among Catholics, as is the belief Sn - dreams, signs, omens, and fortune-telling. We have known a whole Protestant family thrown for days into deep distress in consequence ti a dream which one of £he members dreamed and told. We have knomi a man who professed downright Atheism, turn back from a journey to a neighboring town on urgent business, and wait till another day, because soon after setting out a red squirrel teossed the mad just before him. Abner Knee land, a the well known atheist, whp, did not believe in God, yet believed that a girl by look ing into a atone could tell him where to find a ' treasure which many years before had been tunk in- the East River. Robert Dale 0 iven has Imtten a boos in detence or spirit-rapping. Mow many thousands of invalids every week ?onsult Clairvoyants to learn what are their ailments, and the remedies for them ? Some Superstitions may, no doubt, linger amoagst Catholics, retained from old times, but as a toatter'of poetry rather than of serious belief, and besides they are strictly forbidden by the Church,, as every one knows who has studiedhis ©atechism. As for fostering ignorance, in fact we may mention, the most learned men, and the greatest men that Protestants can boast, all of whom had been brought up Catholics and educated in Catholic schools, and they were by n© means re markable among their contemporaries who adhered to the Church, for their learning science, ?r ability. It would be well for Protestants to Reflect occasionally what they would have known but foe the Church. As to ignorance, the only first class philosopher Protestantism ean boast ia Leibnitz, and he ?Wrote a: work in defence of the Catholic faith, %Vdn in»reBpect to those very points which Pro testants object to as idolatrous and superstitious. To return to bur- own country, what class of the population of the United States are doing as much for education, in proportion to their num bers and : means, as Catholics? They have the best academies, the best schools In the country, and nearly all under the control of religious communities? Then as to literature, and science, when we consider that the mass o* our people were a few years ago poor ?migrants, unskilled laborers, we have done more than our share. — New York labht. 