i EAGl.EHA.WK POLICE COURT. ! Friday,-28th'August. (Before Mr W. H. Gaunt, P.M. and Mr S. Clothier \- I /-/.v.Tt.v.rg.p:-) i - . Fkatjd Summons.—"Wra. Magner was summoned to show cause why he had disobeyed an ordor of"tbn Court to pay to Tuck and Sons a sum of L9 1 33 9il. The defendant pleaded tlmt ho was unablo to pay as he was out of work, having been discharged by th<» St. Mungo Company on .Saturday last. His wage" he had spent in paying other debts and maintaining his ^ife and throe children. He was willing to pay plaintiff as soon as he got work. The Bench allowed defendant a month to pay - - • ;i-' Bebii Licenses wero granted to U. P. Wilson, Whipstick ; Era'nk'Bill'si.'and'• John Francis, Ner ring; James Mathew3, Shelbourne; Michael M'Na .. maraj Marong;" JiTmes "Seedsman, Eaglehawkj I Edmond Barepnnger, Leiohardt. A ^Distressing Accident occurred on Thurs day morning to a son.of Mr Robins, Buninyong Mount, aged, six1''years. About noon he was in ] the bush'-alohg5 with'some other children, when the limb of a, tree .was blown off, and falling on the boy's head, fractured his skull in a featful manner. Surgeon JB row n was sent for, and, when-, our informant left, considered him in a dying state. —Bailor at Star.. An| Extbaobdinahy Case of mistaken identity has come'to our knowledge). About two months ago, |a-irian was found dead or dying in the veran'dah of a houso in Hotham. At the inquest subsequently held upon the body, a number of witnesses testified to its being that of a man namejl Collard, some of the witnesses stating that period. A verdict of death from sanguineous apoplexy was returned, and the friends of the 'deceased inEngland were written to, informing them ■of the event. Yesterday (Wednesday) the man Collard appeared in Hotham alive and in his usual health, «fter some: months' sojourn in the country. The terror of the female members of the .house .hold >vhere: he- presented' himself was extreme, until he'satisfied them he was real flesh and blood, and nota'ghost. ^.Tliis'seeins to have been one of those jc'urious' iitstkiiceV of perianal resemblance that are sometimes-read about in novels or seen' upon the stage, but whicharo generally regarded as existing only in the imagination offertile.story writers, or ingenious dramatists.' The case was reported to the police on Thursday, as it is of some Importance for the genuine Collard to establish liis identity, inasmuch.as he has been in the receipt of an annuity,'which of course will have been dis continued:ou thevnews ? of his supposed death.— Arffus\ : :•••• ■ ' ' 'i,;; 1 ■ ■ ;V .Ru9siAN 'KAii,'W'A'r CAiiniAOEs'.—In'1 writing of the 'Jr'rince of Wales's visit to Moscdw, the 1 im'es's correspondent thus describes'the Russian ;railvvay carriages :—"The distances travellers have toper form iu this .country''are^ so ! immense,: and, the weather is frequently jso' severe,, that the idea, of, giving a'sort of domestic arrangement to.the cars naturally., occurred to'a people labouring-under such disadvantages. - Russian railway, carriages are'little houses on wheels. ; In the first, aud partly! also in the second class, their interior may be described as a saloon, with' all the necessaries, and some of the elegances, ol such an apartment. It is furnished with looldng glasses, heated'by porcijlkin' stove's, and lit by lamps arid candles. Along the sides soft divans are ranged ;, the, middle is occupied by a mahogany table, and double windows, and red curtains exclude not only.-: the rude touch of the Russian air, but also the aspect of the winterly sky. The company sit or lounges about, chatting, reading,' or playing cards,'chess,and dominoes. The day passes plea santly!enough, and as night comes the passengers 'betake|themselres to rest almost as comfortably as at home. By a simple process the divans are made into beds, and are supplied with pillows by the attentive guard. In the first class the car riages are also provided with second stories,.so to say, reached by an elegant staircase, and fitted Avith complete beds; iu the second, if there are too many passengers to be accommodated on the divans, part of them are lodged in; berths,' which take the place of the rack provided in England for hats and caps. At length every one is snugly ensconced, the ordinary good wishes' are exchanged, and it is night in the or. The guard and the driver orvly .keep awake. During .the".twenty hours a passenger is whirled along 'between St Petersburg and Moscow the train stops twenty times at least.'/ Thestations; :are; elegant buildings, painted red, with broad white facings round the windows and along the -eaves.! Without the very picture of cleanliness— •'they-aro well-stocked receptacles . of: the good things'of this world within. The passenger enters ffM'arjife vaulted hall,^scrupulously; .whitewashed fand paVed with flag's". On long tables "aVurhptuous ^repast'awaits him, every.,plate qvera.lig)Ued lamp j'o.maintain the warmtirequally necessary in this "country for taste andjwholesoineness._,The. wines, and beers "of every ;c | i m e, pr.e, pre sen ted in 'liUmcrbus bottles, ctklfelrnating -'on^'the -neatly covered tables with steaming plates.j_.The hall is iiTtlYe5 bire cold style so often met with in this 'couritry when pomp is ,< not intended ; jbut the; viandsfare good," tlie waiters readjs and their white gloves'Unexceptionable.vl; need' nqtjsayUhe'.wholo affair, i's dear. Such luxuries^.ar.e, ^ese.,are still regarded anil paid for^'as * exotic in this distant • IatiIndbTiHTsFatioh is an oasis., ~Ilpunc[^a|)outj the aboriginal -race' lives' in^'wooden cottages,' 'in?, eluding rth'eJVwh61e fa.'niiy'and'jthejr qM too,'inla'sin'gle room.;'' ' , u L deceased for a considerable The! ftnyfclHi'ifi&vt;' jop ' IIece'st^ ,vv a.r^—r;i,'ne(j .Revue Wationale'] publishes a.'loiij^and carefully,., writtei) article!,1 .by M.Leroy Beaulicu,,containing; a fright fill, number of 8tatistic8,-takeu from, official) documents; therefore' of undeniable trutli. -.'lOne > gives t|ie return of the number of men killed in action n the wars of which,'during- the'last four teen yenrs, the respective countries engaged have been ail proud Crimea, 784,991 ; Italy, 45,000; .Selileswig-IIolstein, 3,500; Northern America, '281,000; South America, 519,000; War of 18G6, •45,000; distant expeditions, G'5,000; total num ber of'men killed, 1,743,491. ; Honest Woiik.—A correspondent in the Queen says " that John Leech never (mated to his own knowledge or imagination when he could obtain a model or an original whence to sketch his pictures. If he had a work to illustrate, he would first, read the work to gain a' thorough knowledge of the character he was to depict. To give an example, one of the pictures he had to draw for me was that of a minuet, in which mauv of the characters of the work were engaged. Some illustrators would have glanced at the text and drawn such a picture from imagination. Not so John Leech. (laving read the book carefully h_' went to the principal ballet master of the day, and asked him to dreBS and arrange a minuet lor hi in, and this being dono lie s!?eti'lied the dance from life, th-nnini: into it merely the char;ii:teii-tic» "i' '"teh lignre us con veyed in tin.' work, and the iv.-ailt wan beyond I criticism, and immensely untisiiictory to mu/1 ' L - T. • * -Hit . 