DIOCESAN SYNOD. The Synod of the Church of England opened its annual session on Monday, May 18. At half-past 11 o'clock in the morning the mem- <*> bers met at Trinity Church, where His Lord- ship the Bishop, 12clergymen, and IBlaymen, re ceived the Holy Communion. This concluded, His Lordship the Bishop delivered his pastoral address, as follows :— "Key. and Dear Brethren—The subjects which invite attention at this our annual Synod of the Diocese naturally arrange themselves into two classes—those which concern the spirit and essence of religion, and such as relate to the organization or work of the Church as a whole, or in its several parts—National, Pro vincial, Diocesan, and Congregational. Here, after the service in which we have engaged, I would confine my remarks to the former class, reserving ecclesiastical matters to our business meeting in another place. " During the interval which has occurred since I last addressed you in Synod the principal subjects which have occupied tbe minds of Churchmen in relation to Spiritual Religion, are Neologian Rationalism in Science and Biblical Criticsm, Ritualism, Doctrinal, and Esthetic; and, finally, outward manifestation of fellowship in the Gospel which led to the Lambeth Conference of Bishops of the Angli can portion of ifae Universal Church. " I find less uneasiness prevailing in regard to the progress of scientific enquiry (whether in geology, ethnology, the languages of the world, or Biblical criticism). A closer study of the I text of Scripture has in many cases modified or corrected traditionary ideas of sacred history and theological interpretations. Supposed dif ficulties have been removed, and the conviction strengthened that as the Scriptures which fur nish tbe inspired rule of spiritual life, and the order of nature proceeded from the same divine wisdom, they cannot be at variance. Theolo gians, therefore, as well as men of science, are content to wait for maturer knowledge, based upon accumulated observations, instead of pro pounding or confuting cosmical theories on insufficient data. On the other hand, the ex quisite adaptations of organised creatures to the material world around them, as well as the pro gressive genesis and laws of that world, have been so traced out in the earth beneath our feet, as well as the heavens above us, that on the plainest evidences of intention and will, which are the attributes of a. Personal Being (nor, a mere plastic force), it is irresistibly con cluded that he must be fool indeed who says, even in his heart,' there is no God.' And mira cles, as the proper evidences of personal commu nication from the Author of Nature to his intelli gent creatures, come to appear as natural and reasonable as the sequence of natural events, which they interrupt; for in no other -way could the Ruler of tbe Universe manifest His presence or declare His will so unmistakeably for the instruction or correction of mankind. Worship, therefore, that is, ' prayer and suppli cation, with thanksgiving,' follow in due order, as the reasonable service of man to his Maker. Theology thus owes its obligations to science, not as discovering truths taught us by the inspired Word of God, but by supplying evidences from the material world in accordance with those teachings. "If the aspect of scientific enquiry has become less antagonistic to revealed religion, neither has ethnology, nor the study of languages, nor geographical exploration, nor antiquarian research in Egypt, Asia, or Europe done more than contribute facts confirmatory of the recent appearance and history of man upon this earth. " It may well, then, excite the shame and regret of Churchmen that no legal tribunal has yet been found to try one whom bis compro vincial Bishops and the Pan-Anglican Episco pate, as well as Presbyters in their several con vocations, have charged with fatal heresy, and with teaching contrary to the formularies of the Church of which he professes to be a Bishop. " Much as may be urged in favor of the great principle laid down by Gamaliel in the Sanhe drim —' Now I say unto you, refrain from these men, and let tkem alone; for if this counsel or work be of men it will come to nought; but if it be of God ye cannot overthrow it.' Yet to what end is the Civil Magistrate acknowledged by members of the Church of England to have the prerogative of ruling the State Ecclesiastical as well as temporal, if a chief pastor consecrated on the nomination of the Crown may with im punity teach doctrines alleged to be contrary to the truth of Holy Scripture, and wound the consciences of weaker brethren? Such is the spectacle afforded to tbe world of a legal but effete supremacy as regards some of the colonial Churches. " The heresy which asserts, in teeth of 284 direct devotional addresses or ascriptions of glory in the Book of Common Prayer and Offices to our Lord Jesus Christ, 'that the whole spirit and the general practice of our Liturgy manifestly tend to discourage such wor ship and prayer,' and denies that it is ' based on any Scriptural or Apostolical authority,' might surely claim some remedial legislation, if need were, to establish a legal tribunal for its trial. " Contrasted, however, with this indifference, we cannot but -remark the outburst of feeling which has shown itself both in and out of Par liament against certain ritualistic innovations. " Having watched the progress of this revival of forms apparently obsolete, I have endeavored to discover the principles on which its advocates rest their case, and I shall now lay before you as succinctly as I can the grounds on which, in my humble judgment, the Ritualistic clergy have neither law nor Scripture on their side. " Let me remark, in the first place, that there are two principles which underlie this revival of a more ornate ritual One is the 'sense of beauty,' and its elevating effect on the human mind; the other a mystic doctrine in relation to the Eucharist. The former appeals to the Hebrew ritual and the splendid garments of the Aaronic priesthood, welt suited, no doubt, to a sensuous people and a semi-idolatrous age; but with more earnest minds Ritualism is only valued as it symbolises and teaches implicity certain dogmatic views. " With regard to the former principle, while we all unite in deprecating that which is mean and slovenly in the structure or service of the sanctuary, yet I believe the sober devotional spirit of the Anglican worshipper is well satisfied with the simple but dignified form? and vest ments which have now been in use from the reigns of Edward VI, and Elizabeth ; a more scenic service detracts from rather than en hances the worship of the spirit and the under standing. "I pass therefore to doctrinal Ritualism, which is really the object at present of legal or legislative consideration. It is designed, then, to represent the ministering Presbyter in she character of a sacrificing priest; not offer ing with his people ' the sacrifice of praise to God, that is the fruit of their lips, giving thanks to His name ;' but offering for them to the Father Christ crucified on their behalf. (Hebrews ?*?"' 15.) It claims for the minister ing priest that he represents on earth the Great High Priest in Heaven, who by one sacrifice perfected for ever them that are being sanctified. That sacrifice He indeed ever 'pre sents' before the throne of giace; but the Ritualist, not content to 'commemorate,' 'plead' and 'appropriate' its 'innumerable benefits,' deems himself to 'present' and 'offer' that sacrifice at the Lord's altar-table on behalf of his people militant upon eaith. He intends, indeed, no repetition of the one sacrifice at Cal vary, but still he claims to 'offer ' rather than 'commemorate' Christ's precious death on the cross. He intrudes himself, therefore, as a necessary media or betwixt Christ and his worshippers at the Lord's table. That Ordi nance is no longer solely or chiefly the com munion of the body and blood of Christ; but becomes a propitiatory oblation on the Lord's 'altar.' "The bain of reasoning which leads the Ritualists to this conclusion is based on tbe literal interpretation of ' This is my body and this is my blood.' It is asserted that by neces sary concomitance, where the body is or the blood of Christ, there His whole Person, as God and' Man, 'never to be divided' is present also. He is to be adored, therefore, 'under the figures of bread and wins,' and as being truly ' present' with his body broken, and blood poured out, he is truly 'offered' along with them. " This doctrine requires us to believe that in the ' bread' which our Lord brake and gave to His Apostles at the last supper, and in the fruit of the vine which He bade them drink, He gave Himself, with His own hands, as the whole God-man, to be a sacrifice for, as well as the food of, their souls. " The Anglican doctrine, as stated in the Homily, concerning the Sacrament is not so. It is that there is 'no untrue figure of a thing absent'—that the ' inward part or thing signi fied' by the outward element, that is, 'the body and the blood of Christ,' are, as the 28th Article expresses it, ' given, taken, and eaten in the Supper, only after a heavenly and spiritual manner.' ['It is well known,' saith Cyprian (the Homily goes on), ' that the meat we seek for in the Supper is spiritual food, a ghostly substance, not carnal.'l This is that ' discern ing' of the Lord s body of which St. Paul speaks; and, as the wise Hooker explains it, the Eucharist conveys to the faithful recipient 'all such saving grace as Christ's sacrificed body can yield,' and this is to such and in them His 'body.' "It bae beep said, however, by a Ritualist writer, that this view of the ' Sacramental pre sence of Christ's body and blood' makes the greatest possible demand on our faith. Be it so. Still, that faith is not tainted with Rationalism, either dogmatic or sceptical. It does not 'intrude into that which it has not seen.' It accepts without questioning the 'severance'which our Lord, in His own words of institution, seems to make between His adorable self and the separate elements of His human nature, namely, His body and His blood. Without questioning, also, it receives the personal union of die divine and human natures in Christ, ' indivisibly and without confusion,' when the Only Begotten was conceived by the power of the Highest. But to take on Him the likeness of man, who was created in God's image, and to make Himself locally present in 'bread and wine, ' is another. The latter assump tion, however, is essential to the idea of ' sacri. fice,'and on it the Ritualist takes h's stand ' For the same purpose, but equally without foundation in fact, the table of devils, at -which the heathen sat down and feasted in the idol' temples of Corinth, is assumed to be the ' altarl at which the sacrifice was offered. In the Temple at Jerusalem, ' the holy place in the Court of the Tabernacle of the Congregation,' Ledde the ' altar,' where the meat-offering was consumed, cannot be identified with the ' altar ' itself on which the blood of the sacrifice was sprinkled. In like manner the altar of the Cross at Calvary, and in which Christ's blood was shed, and the new tomb on which His body was laid, typically consumed as the whole burnt offering by fire, were distinct The Passover lamb, of which none was left until the morning, and its blood sprinkled on the doorposts, cannot be confounded. The table of shewbread in, indeed, called the 'altar' by Ezekiel aud Malachi, but in that offering of ' thanksgiving' there was no propitiatory sacrifice, as in sin offerings of blood ; yet this idea is the essence of the Romish Sacrifice of the Mass, and ap parently of Ritualistic 'oblation.' St Paul has abstained from using the word altar when speaking of the Lord's table and supper. The like reserve by our reformers in the communion office shows their anxiety to eliminate error, while securing the true grace of the sacrament itself. ' The Ritualists do not indeed speak as the Catechism of Trent speaks of 'immolating the victim Christ,' 'offering a true propitiatory sacrifice,' ' making satisfaction to God for sin,' and so 'meriting all the fruits of the Lord's passion;' yet by vestments, and lighted tapers, and incense, and genuflexion, they imply a doc trine apparently identical in purport with the sacrifice of the mass ; and this it was the first step-in the Englsh Reformation to set aside by changing the canon of the mass into the office of holy communion. "Apart from these considerations—that is, its departure from the spirit of the Anglican office, and its rationalistic interpretation of the words of Christ's institution —Ritualism seems practi cally to obscure the mission and work of the Comforter. By the daily ministering the sacri fice of the altar there seems to be made, as under the Mosaic covenant, the remembrance of sins, instead of purging the conscience and per fecting for ever them that are being sanctified. There isabringing back the 'bondage of fear,'and putting into subjection to human mediating priests (compassed about with sin and infirmity) the penitent believer. Accordingly sacrament'J confession is enforced as obligatory before re ceiving holy communion, and the ordeal of the confessional required instead of the comfort offered to an uneasy conscience by volun tarily opening its grief, and receiving, if desired, the benefit of absolution. In such a system, then, there is nothing in spirit, like entering boldly into the holiest by the blood of Jesus. Indeed, the idea of absolution seems to swallow up and put out of sight th duty and power of sanctification. We miss, too, the faith like that of the centurion in the superlocal divine energy of Christ to heal and save even from Heaven, His dwelling-place, Bitualism requires tbat He should be materially (so far as a i-piritual body is material) and locally present under each of the elements sepa rately—the bread and wine of the Eucharist No transnbstantiation of the elements or con substantiation with Christ is affirmed; yet, as the figure is in the Ritualistic's stem linked in dissolubly with the ' thing signified,' there is a tendency at least towards worshipping the visible elements as well as the unseen Christ, who under them is said to be present On these grounds we are then, we feel, compelled to refuse this doctrine as grounded on no warrant of Scripture. But while we speak the truth, we would do so ir love, and pray the Holy Spirit to lead us and all others into a right judg- ment in these matters. He will guide us into all truth, so that while with mutual forliearance we give 'liberty to private opinion upon this great mystery, we must firmly insist that the peace of our Church shall not be disturbed by stepping beyond the prudent reserve of our Re formers, who, while maintaining the verity and reality of the spiritual presence of Christ's body and blood in the Sacrament, are silent as to the doctrine of concomitancy, and purposely omitted the terms 'altar,' 'victim,' and 'immolation.' To them the Eucharist was a holy feast upon the sacrifice offered on the cross, the spiritual food of the soul; it was the sacrament of abso lution, the pledge and means of Christian fel lowship. These truths are scriptural and in controvertible. Let us hold them fast, and build up ourselves in the faith and love of Christ by more frequent and devouter solemni zation of this 'preaching of Christ' and His cross, which He Himself ordained. "While thus endeavoring, according to the measure of judgment which Christ has given me, to preserve the flock committed to my charge from the Galation error of seeking to be perfected by the letter, when we have begun in the spirit, I must advert for a moment to a similar formal error in regard to the other sacrament of bap tism. It seems almost an outrage on the spirit- tual teaching of the Redeemer to insist on 'immersion of the whole body' as essential to the validity of the rite. The chief advocate of this opinion, and of a new unauthorised version of the New Testament, admits that if in one case only immersion would be inapplicable as the equivalent of ' baptism' the argument for its necessity fails Such a case occurs in Mark j vii. 4. The * washing' or baptism of cups, and pots, and brazen vessel-, may be their 'immer sion,' bat neither ' tables,' nor 'beds,' or rather 'sofas,' 'couches,' 'divans' can well be con- : ceiv<.d to have been 'immersed' rather than ' washed' by pouring on of water. Nor can it be shown that every Jew 'immersed his whole boly' whenever he returned from the 'market' Our Saviour (Luke xi. 38) certainly did not so 'immerse 1 ! Himself, and the Pharisee—His Host—was surprised, not at that omission, but that He sat down to meat with ' unwashe i hands.' This, probably, was done by Him of purpose. 'To eat with unwasheu hands,' He said, * de fileth pot a man.' He reproved Pharisaic formality, which was bci .g more particular about outward1 than inward purity; for the custom of the Israelites from old time was to wash the hands with water ' poured upon th-m.' even as Elisha (2 Kings iii. 10) ' poured water on the hands of Elijah.' Moreover, the whole nation of the Israelites was not ' immersed' in the cloud or the sea, which they went through on dry land, and yet were baptised into the Mosaic covenant The blood of all the sacrifices typical of Christ's atonement was 'sprinkled' on the altar. It seems, therefore, to outdo even Pharisaic formali y to object to pouring or sprinkling of water in baptism as typical of the cleansing work of the Spirit of the heart Again the Apostles were not ' immersed' when bap tised with the Holy Ghost and with fire.' A cloven tongue of flame sat on each of the disciples. I notice these things with much disinclination, but am compelledtobreaksilence by the exigencies of the times. " In like manner, I would not have you igno rant, brethren, concerning the Apostolic autho rity of Episcopal government in the Church of Christ, as if there were want of Scriptural wit ness to it. Historically it rests precisely on the same external evidence as the genuineness of the Scriptures themselves. We receive these, in the first instance, on the witness of the Aposto lic Churches, who were severally the keepers of the Gospels, Epistles, and Apocalypse. All these Chinches were undoubtedly under Epis copal government before the death of St John; we must therefore either suppose the Apostles to have allowed an unauthorised transition from Presbytenanism to Episcopacy to hayt grown up unchecked, or that for the perpetuity and better government of the Church -they directed the appointment of such an order in the minis try. Evembefore the dispersion of the Twelve Apostles from Jerusalem on the great persecu tion of Herod, the oversight and presidency of the Church at Jerusalem had been committed to James, the brother of our Lord. The voice of all early tradition declares him not to have been one of the Twelve, but in the true sense of the word a Christian bishop. Without insisting on the ministry of Archippus of Colosse or the Apostle ship of Epaphras of Philippi, there can be no reasonable doubt that the powers of governing and regulating Churches, as well as ordaining Presbyters and Deacons and of excommunicating heretics, was committed by St Paul to Timothy and Titus. To say that these powers were merely temporarily given to them is pure con jecture in' the case of Titus, and is evidently refuted by the context in .the case of Timothy, for it was because of St Paul's own approaching martyrdom that he solemnly charges him 'to reprove, rebuke, and exhort with all longsuffer ing and doctrine.' For the time was coming, he said, (that is, after his death), when men 'would not endure sound doctrine,' but would 'heap to themselves teachers having itching ears, and should turn away their ears from the truth.' That surely was no time to withdraw (except for a season) a chief minister from Ephesus, who ii the Apostle himself had placed there, 'to eh .rge Home that they should teach no other doctiine' than that they had received from the Apostles. Passing onward to the close of the century we find that each of tlie seven Churches of Asia had its 'Angel,' to whom St John is bidden to write a letter con cerning the state of his Church. And to remove all doubt as to the human character of these 'Angels,' the manuscripts of best authority make the false prophetess Jezebel to be the wife of him of Thyatira. who ib reproved for suffering her false teaching and impure life. "The letter of Clement, written to tbe Corinthian Church before the death of St John, directly asserts that the Apostles them selves constituted overseers or elders, and foreknowing that there would be contention about this dignity, committed to other(ellogimo) selected men the power to appoint them.* Such selected men were Timothy and Titus, to whom the 'Apostle' Paul gave the charge of 'ordaining Elders.' Insisting also on the continuity of the Church under the Old and New Covenants, Clement cites the distinct duties of the High Priest—the Priests and Levites—as an example to the Corinthian Church, and to repress their insubordinate spirit in deposing their Presbyters. We have further the direct assertion of Ter tullian, confirmed by Clement of AlTMflrfa— both writers in the second century after Christ—that in the East 'St John was the chief creator of Bishops;' at Borne Clements was appointed by St Peter. Comparing, then, the Pastoral Epistles of St Paul with the opening chapters of the Kevelation. and tbe fetter with hele't*o' Antipof Syria., A.D. 10T, we oes> bow in 40m latter baU juf the first eentwy the Episcopal form of Church government was accepted by the whole Chris tian world, and freely spoken of by leading Christian writers as a matter of Divine institu bon. Could, we may ask, anything short of Apostolic authority have thus completed the organization of the whole Catholic and Apos tolic Church. The Bishopric of James was in stituted by the Twelve at Jerusalem, that of Titus in Crete, and Timothy at Epbesus by St Paul, of Clement at Borne, and Mark at Alex andria by St Peter; those of the Seven Churches of Asia by St. John, of whom was Polycup. of Smyrna, and probably Afterwards Ignatius at Antioch. It is possible, of courts, to shut the eyes to these facts, resting on the beat historic authority, and so ignoring contem pojary testimony, to argue on the yet undefined leruiinol'OT of the primitive Church in respect "to its ministry. Bat such reasoning^ as incon clusive as to deny that Augustus was * Km ( ?eror* of K-me be-use Julius Cjesar and -ther Generals weie saluud ' imperators' by their soldi ty. ' In h^xe days when every doctrine, usage, a> f in-.'iv dual opinion, I may be excused for c*U ing your attention to historic authority and the facts to which it bears witness. If wear-to ' prove' all things, let us also hold fas: those things, which an experience of 1,800 years in tbe Church has found to be good. I woul.inot have you ignorant, brethren, of the Scriptural principles of your Church government anymore than of its dogmatic teaching. If unity and order are ever to be restored to Christendom at large, it must be by standing on. or returning to the old paths —holding to the faith and Church order once deliver to the saints. Such is un doubtedly the principle and the standard of our Anglican Church. Only let us in faith and charily maintain her prin ciples i and it may yet be granted to her to be the centre of Christian fellow ship (without clausing dominion over their faith) to all those be lies which have maintained or asserted their independence of the Roman Pontiff. She may in the Providence of God be made the instrument whereby the Greco-Russian Church shall, through the free circulation of the Scriptures and friendly intercourse, return to its primitive simplicity in the Gospel, and build up again the fallen and degraded Churches of the East. If such shall be one result in time to come of the late Lambeth Conference of the Anglican Churches, it will be a signal token of the Divine blessing resting on that wise and conciliatory gathering; whereby the unity of spirit and fellowship in the Gospel pervading the English, Irish. Scottish American, Cana dian, and Colonial reformed branches of the Catholic and Apostolic Church was plaoed before the world in a conspicuous light, and ao far a return made towards the visible unity of the Church, such as existed before its divine organization was linked and trammelled with the civil institutions of the Ttow" Empire.'" At 3 o'clock the members met at the Church Office, Leigh-street, and the proceedings having been opened with prayer, the clergymen ana laymen fiigned the usual declaration, THE ROLL. Tbe roll as signed was as follows— Holy Trinity. Adelaide—The Very Bey. Ota Dean, Bey. Bichardson Reid, and Messrs, H. H. Turton and S. Toms. Christchurch, North Adelaide—Yen. Arch deacon Woodcock, Bey. W. W. Ewbank. and Messrs. F. Sanderson, Jas. Bath, W. A. Hnghbs, and G. Young. Sr. Luke's, Adelaide—Bey. Jas. Pollitt, and Messrs. W. T. Cooper, J. B. Hawthorn, and J. W. BuD. St Paul's. Adelaide—Bey. H. Hewitt, and Messrs. N. Blyth, Jos. Thomley, W. S. Moore, and William Mullett St Paul's, Port Adelaide—Bey, Canon Marryat St John's, Adelaide—Bey. D. J. H. Ibbet son, and Messrs. A. Spence, Jos. Pritchard, "W. C. Carter, and H. Pape. St Bartolomew's, Norwood- Bey. D. J. H. Ibbetson, and Messrs. A. Birrell andS. Berry. All Sai ts, Hindmarsh—Bev. F. Garratt St Andrew's, WalkervOle—Messrs. C S. Young and J. Acraman. St. Matth w*s, Kensington—Bey. K. Jenkins, Major Warburton, and Mr. E. Meredith. St George's, Woodforde—Rev. T. B. Neville, and Mr. H. Mottram. St Michael.!, Mi;cham—Bev. W. B. Andrews and Mr. W. W. Blylh. St. Saviour's, Glen Osmond—Me. N. Oldham. St. Mary's, South-road —Bey. A. Honner and Dr. Burton. Christchurch, O'Halloran H3l—Bev. A. Honner and Me F. Wicksteed. St Peter's, Glenelg—Bev. TJios. Field, and Messrs. J.C. Dunn and B. B. Colley. St Jude's, Brighton- Bey. Thos. Field. St. Philip's and St James's, Noarlunga—Mr. K. D. Bosworth. St Stephen's, Willunga—Nat represented, St James's, Blakiston- Bey. B. T. Craig, and Mr. B <>ray. 'Jnistcmreh. Mount Barker—Bay. B. T. Caigand >:r F. Smiih SU Thona.-'e, Balhmnah —It v. B. T. Craig >t ?eorge'?. Giwlk;—Sev. Canon Coombs, ami Mr. . O. Jones Chri tchict>. K.punda—Bev. J. T. Smyth, a d Sl>. -Its. Huggins. Su St. Mary's, Kooringa—Mr. J. WiunalL St Margaret's, Woodville — Bey. H. M. Polhtt. and Messrs. G. E. DeMole, and H. D. Cruttenden. St. Jude's, Port Elliot—Not represented. St Thomas's, Port Lincoln — Not repre sented. St John's, Mount Pleasant-Bey. W. A. CUyfield, and Messrs L. W. Thrupp and J. PhOli?. sen. St Peter's, Bobe Town—Mr. W. & Douglas. St Mary's, Wallaroo; Christchurch, Gam bierton; South-Ea- sion; Yankalilla M-ssion; Holy Trinity, Biver ton; Holy Trini-y, Lyndoch; St Thomas 1. Pewsey Vale; .md St Peter's, WOlismstown; not represented. St Peter's Collegiate School—Beys. Cane* Fan-and F. Williams. BEPORT ON THE DIOCESB. His Lobdship then read his report on the state of the diocese. It was as follows :— •• Having addressed you this morning on the doctrina. subjects which concern the inner life of the Ciinrch, I now invite your attention to the state and progress of the diocese in its parochial or congregational organization. Ton are wen aware how heavily the dispensation of Providence has fa len upon the Clergy, in the death of four within a very short pc iod— ob? Beys. Needham, D. Williams, Titherington, and still more recently Mr. Simmons, of Salis. bury. At the same time the health of ths Yen. Archdeacon Woodoook has become so impaired as to confine him to his bed-room • while a temporary absence in England has been rendered imperative on Mr. BusseU, for medical advice on behalf of his wife. Under these afflictive and in some degree unexpected events, it became of prime importance to fill the vacant cures, though at the cost of suspend ing those occasional missixnury visits which are so effective and so needed in {he outlying rural townships and hamleta, _ The extent of territory overspread by our agricultural popula tion is so large, the number of residents in any given place so small, comparatively speaking, that the parochial incumbency system of Eng land fails to be practicable. Lay readers be come a necessity to keep up the ordinances of religion; but even so, unless they are subordi nated to a visiting ordained minuter, their ser vices gradually cease to be grateful to the mem. bers of our Church. My great difficulty under has been how to supply such, regular missionary visits; and the difficulty stQl presses upon me with exceeding weight and serious ness. "By the 18th Fundamental Provision, the spiritual care of the members of our Church not residing in any parish is to be provided for by means of ordained tniiurir^.ri^ or laypersons specially licensed by the Bishop thereto. Ths employment of missionary clergy or catechists in places not included in parochial incum bencies is here clearly indicated. In order to establish such agencyin those vast colonies which now form the United States of A"h?p the Society for the Propagation of the Gospel was incorporated, and such was the pri mary charge upon its funds. In like man. ner when that Society received dona tions in land and money for the benefit of the members of our Church in South Australia, it was for like purposes and on the liKe trusts as formed the object of the original charter. Although something has been done in tills respect, I am hardly satisfied that a due proportion of the income a •minutered by-its attorneys has been devoted to this purpose, or that theme bers of the Church beyond the pre cincts of parochial incumbencies have been suflU tdeotly cared for. The returns kid before Synod of the distribution of the Leigh Fund will • |i/ace this matter in a clear light; and I osU at tfn i.n of Synod to it >>tcause the western coa?t. Yorke*B Peninsula, the country north aud west of Poit Augasti. the b ray lhvTttixraanl IVnola districts, ore loft wit ootspritunl care; *nd -..s Synod has in cta-led this ?utj-.t niu fundamental jiro vi ions it is natural for t toei.quiie how far .t has been canird o t amce my return from Kif • la-i'l my lime lia* be?n principally occupied in v i-i'in' and continuing in the various churcrtes; in 35 of w'nick I have officiated on the ] orJ's L?ay in a less number of weeks. The candida'^s already presented for confiimation exceed 400, and there yet remain several churches where some are waiting for the rite. It has been gra tifying to me to mark the evident seriousness of those who have presented themselves, indi cating, I would hope, a blessing vouchsafed to the pains taken by the clergy in their instruc tion and training. So very large a proportion of the whole numner having voluntarily partaken of Holy Communion afterwards, affords an other ground for hoping that serious impres the caroer of life have been fostered and ins> tared. "The reports and statistics which have been hid upon the table, emanating from the Stand ing Committee and its Sub-Committees, relieve me from the necessity of going over the topisa so ably treated in ibem. I think when the w-it:on of the <1i tiact from tho oau^itpttuoM, is to% "t^pi. stood, and the appropriation of the general funds of the Church once felt to be both wise and equitable, the working expenses of Synod will be provided by voluntary rating amozur the congregations. At present there is a lurking suspicion in the more distan< parts of the diocese that much larger fun-la are at the dis posal of the central authorities than really is the case ; and that in the daily distribution the wants of the country congregations are not sup plied in fair i roportions. Ido not think such suspicion justified ; but care should be taken to obviate any such feeling, which undermines the character and usefulness of this Synod as the representative body of the various Churches. "During my absence I find two Churches have sprung up by the voluntary and unaided •Sorts of zealous members of our Church at Aldinga and Goolwa; while several others have been finished and furnished in more complete manner—Noarlnnga, Lyndoch, Mount Gambier, Salisbury, Yankalilla, n^fliw*, and Auburn. Ottiers are being enlarged, or are on the eve of being commenced, namely—at Willunga and Fort Augusta. There is, indeed -and I cannot much blame oar people for it—a great reluc tance to incur neavy debts and personal liabilities beyond their ability to discharge. Our system may be too rigid in this respect for great show or rapid progress; but we hava the satisfaction at least of knowing that the ' in debtedness' of the Churches is very small Indeed—in most oases none at all; consequently, that there is ample room for increased liberality. The real retardation, however, of church build ing and ingathering of worshippers has been the unprecedented loss of clergy by death or sick- Bess. I consider myself fortunate, well knowing the demand now made in England for increased numbers of educated clergy, that I was able to secure the assistance of no leas than six—the Bey. Messrs. L. Smith, H. Bead, A. Honner, B. B. Webb, F. S. Poole (who will shortly be ordained Deacon), and lastly, of the Bey. W. Scott, a student of St Augustine's, who has been ordained for this diocese by the Bishop of Oxford, and who is now on his way hither. A sum no less than £550 will have been expended on their passages to this country; and, after all the delay and difficulty of setting 'the right man in the right place,' the want seems ever to be enlarging, and the gaps never to be filled up. At this present time Narracoorte and Penola, Salisbury, Strathalbyn, Y*nkaHUa, Wellington, Mscclegfield. Echunga, want either incumbent or missionary visiting clergy. We need also a system of clerical education, whereby serious minded and talented young men of the colony maybe fitted for the sacred ministry. I rejoice to say there is an evident tendency in this direction, and I earnestly long for the mean? whereby, separated from all secular callings, they may be able for a time to devote themselves to the study of theology, under regularly appointed teachers; and at the same time make themselves useful as lay readers. It is obvious that if in some cases their private resources may avail In part to their support during one or two years of study, still the Church ought to make pro vision for their assistance and encouragement, providing them at least with board, lodging, and teaching for their work's sake. We have a capitular body; and I always looked forward in the institution of the chapter to the time when some of its members would give lectures to can didates for Holy Orders in the exposition of Scripture, Ecclesiastical History, and the original languages of the Old and New Testament That there will be some competent and willing to en gage in this work, I have, little doubt, to the great advantage of our Church, and to their own advance in Scriptural and theological learn ing. Nor do I see anything in the trust purposes of the property administered by the Attorneys of the Society for the Propagation of the Gospel Fund *hich should prevent an appropriation of the income for such theological student oate ehists. "And here I am reminded that while we have had for some time an incorporated and paid chapter we have no cathedral church where they have legal right of entry to perform the services to which they are obliged by the trusts of their incorporation. " Rightly or wrongly I know not, but I have purposely delayed commencing such a work until the parochial and missioniuy organization of the diocese had to a considerable extent been established. By God's blessing that has been to some extent effected : not sufficiently, I admit, in its missionary aspect, but still the basis has been laid on which to extend home missionary operations. Our Synod has consolidated itself on the basis of compact., aad possesses, I believe, to a considerable degree the confidence aad respect of the general body of churchmen. Means may perhaps be devised to give it •till more extensive influence and useful ness. The Collegiate School has attained the first rank in the educational establishments of the colonies, and from the results witnessed •very day in college boys who have gone to England, lam bold to say that the foundations of a good English, commercial, modern lan guage, classical, and mathematical education are as well if not better laid in that institution than in others far more widely known to fame in the mother country. The moderate endow ment of our churches is steadily going forward. Our missions to the aborigines, and the Melanesians are sustained effectually, yet without observation, maintained on the . grounds of religious duty and Christian charity. The Dean and Chapter, as I have said before, are incorporated aad endowed. A Widow and Orphan Fund for ths Clergy has been instituted, and is prospering. The endow ment of the See and See House are suf ficient and secure. Should any unforeseen event cut short my tenure of office I have provided that the Dean and Chapter shall he, vaeante uda, my executors, as far as Church property and trusts are concerned. The one work therefore which yet remains forme to in augurate is a Cathedral. I may not live to see it completed. I may at least be permitted to provide, like David, the plan and materials, •van should another enter into my labors. " It is indisputable, I think, that tbe Bishop of the Diocese should, not be the only detgy man in it without a legal right to occupy con tinuously one pulpit, from which he can preach the Gospel as he is bound by his consecration. Yet the exclusion of the late Bishop of Tas mania by the Incumbent of St David's, Hobart Town, and of the Bishop of Sydney by the Incumbent of St Andrews, Hay, still more recently, of the whole Pan-Anglican Episcopate (Archbishop of Canterbury and Bishop of London included), from Westminster Abbey and St Paul's, would render me very unwilling to try before the Civil Court the legal right which custom and ecclesiastical principles give to the Bishop of occupying any and every pulpit of his diocese in turn. _ Personally I have ever found the utmost readiness to receive my epis copal ministrations, but still I have been re minded that the slightest interference with the legal mode of conducting the service is beyond toy province, and trenches upon the rights of the incumbent presbyter. Th? time, then, has, I think, come when I may put my hand to this work without incurring the charge of inter fering prematurely with the parochial organi sation of the city of Adelaide. On the 29th ol June I shall have filled—how inadequately, God knows -the See of Adelaide for 21 years. On the 28th of December, if I live to see the clou of this present year, I shall have been a resident colonist of 21 years' standing. I shall hope, then, D.V., to lay the first stone of the cathedral on the latter day, and I trust it may be with abundant thanksgivings for a plentiful harvest. "After much thought, and on many con siderations with respect to the means of supply ing the daily and Sabbath services of such a building, as well as the tendency of the popu lation within the ample verge of the city, a site on property belonging to the See at tho entrance of North Adelaide, fronting the Park Lands, and at the corner of John-street, has been •elected. " South Adelaide already possesses four Parochial Churches. A second Church wilt in a year or two be needed for the members of the Church in North Adelaide, east of O'Oonnell-rtreet, and Irish Town, Hack ney, and other suburban dwelling places. Easily accessible by the Froote Ford as well as the Morphett-street Bridge, it is equi distant from the Post-Office, and the northern boundary of North Adela'de itself, within an easy walk of Government House, it will be readily accessible for any public occasions or festivals connected with our Church. The front will form a noble vista from King Wil liam-street. " With regard to building funds, a sum of £2,500 contributed originally by private friends on myadvancementtotheSee, thenadded to by the Society for Promoting Christian Knowledge and the late William Allen, has grown by careful management to an amount which will exceed £7,000 in the early part of next year. Promised subscriptions will raise the amount to above £8,000. Is it too much to ask or expect from the diocese an dditional sum of £4,000? For such a sum a stately though simple Church might be built, capable of holding 1,000 persons, if, at least, ornamentation be subordi nated to sixe and proportion, and if we leave enrichment to those who shall come after us. In days of scepticism and carelessness, I am persuaded that it is good for tho?e who believe in God and Christ to show and act out their belief by some outward work for His glory—a work whioh demands energy, patience, self-denial, perseverance, liberality, determination, and the single motive of seeking not our own glory, or gratifying merely our ecclesiastical pride, but because we do not like to see the worship of God carried on in mean _ buildings while our own houses are ceiled with cedar and painted in vermilion, abounding also in every luxury which decorative art can suggest and profuse expenditure can supply. " I hava left myself little time to allude to the legal questions affecting this and other colonial dioceses. The critical state of politics in H?glMMi may render abortive any attempt upon the part of the Secretary of State for the Colonies to legislate with reference to these matters. Meanwhile, from the recent decision of the Supieme Court of Natal, affirming the legal validity of the le ten patent erecting that diocese, it may be inferred that tbe non-exis tence of a Representative Constitution by Act of Imperial Parliament in this colony in 1841 aad the appointment of a Nominee Council by the Crown, places the legality of the like exer siss> of tt-? i-rer<?atve us in Naialbyood teat*; in ? woru, *as* tbe ?v? power wnWi nominated the CoanoQ did not act ultra virei when, under the Act of Supremacy of Elizabeth, it ereoted a diocese and appointed a Bishop, who was consecrated by the Archbishop ofp*11 terbury, under a mandate from the Crown. Hence also the corporation sole attached to the occupant of the see would appear to be strictly legal." His Lordship also read a summary of the statistical return, which was lai<i on the table. He stated that the accommodation in their churches was 13,935, five square ieet being allowed for each sitting. He was happy to see an increase of communicants to the number of 1,530. There was a slight decrease in the Sun day-schools, which he thought might be accounted for by reason of the deaths or changes which had taken place in the diocese and the nnscttlement consequent thereon. The sum total of the offerings and collections raised in the several churches was £7,564. Mr. N. Blyth moved, and the Eev. James Polutt seconded—" That the thanks of this Synod be presented to the Lord Bishop for his valuable pastoral address and report on the state of the diocese, and the statistical return, and that the same be printed." Carried. His Lobdsehf returned his thanks, and said he had done his best to speak the truth, although of course he was fallible like other men.* VARIOUS REPORTS AND ACCOUNTS. Mr. N. Bltth moved, and Mr. C. B. YOTOO seconded—"That the reports and acconnts printed and distributed be taken as read, received, and published in the report." Carried. The following U the report of the Standing Committee: — " In accordance with Regulation No. 4, the Standing Committee, elected by the Synod of 1867-68, now submit to you a report of th?ir proceedings during the past year, and a state ment of accounts, duly audited, to which they refer yon for information on all monetary transactions. "General Church Fund and Home Mission.— The fact of the decrease of funds available for the purposes of augmenting ministers* incomes, while the requirements for this pur pose were steadily on the increase, having been forcibly impressed upon the Standing Com mittee, they requested the Finanx Committee to take the whole question of Church Funds, available for this purpose, into their considera tion. They now particularly direct your atten tion to a Special Report of the Finance Com mittee, appended hereto, wherein you will find a suggestion that the fund, hitherto known as the General Church Fond, shall for the future be called the Home Mission Fund, <md shall be appropriated solely to endowing churches and assisting clerical incomes, and that an Inci dental Expense Fond be raised by a levy upon each Church in the diocese as per scale (vide ) to pay the expenses of Synod. " It is the cause of extreme regret to this Committee that the appeal, made by them in their last report (see page 190) for increased and general contributions by all the Churches, has not been more effectively responded to, in fact, the gross amount collected has fallen more than 25 per cent. " No collections have reached the Treasurer's hands from the following churches:— Holy Trinity, Adelaide* Christchurch, North Adelaide* St Luke's, Adelaide St Paul's, Adelaide St. Ann's, Aldinga St. Mary's, Echunga St Matthew's, Hamilton t St. Philip's, Belvideref Holy Trinity, Riverton + Emanuel, Chingford + St. John'<<, Auburn t Christchurch, Yank&lilla; + St Paul's, Hay Flatt St. Mary's, Kooringa St. John's, Salisbury* Holy Trinity, Melroset * Paid since. t Cures vacant for the whole or greater part of the year. "The WLince left on hand from the final grant of £500 per g^nnm from the Society for the Propagation of the Gospel (£153 8a. 4d.) has been entirely absorbed. "It will be seen by reference to the special report of the Finance Committee, that in con sequence of the devastation of red rust, the Church of England Endowment Society has been unable to collect any rents this year, and has had no revenue to distribute. "Not only has the balance of the Allen's Fund of last year—£142 lls. 4d.—been spent, but also an amount of £100 contributed by the Lord Bishop, in addition to the usual amount of £400. The balance from the S.P.G., and the balance of savings, and the Bishop's extra grant from the Allen's Fund (sources of income which will not bn available in the enining year), repre sent more than one-thiid of the total amount of expenditure on the year's account. ''Mission to the Heathen.—The amount sub scribed to the Mission to the Heathen is slightly in advance of that oi last year, and has been in mosc instances specially devoted by the Church contributing to some particular mission, a course which your Committee recommend to be continued. "Endowment of Churches.—St Peter's, Glen elg, has been endowed during the year in the sum of £500; £18710s. having been contributed by the parishioners, an equal amount by the Attorneys of the S.P.G., and the balance £125 by the Synod; half f roaa Home Mission Fund and half from St Asaph's Fund. This entitles the incumbent to the interest obtained from in vestment of the money, and jrhich the Attor neys guarantee shall for ten years amount to 10 per cent. During the vacancy of any Cure, the amount is paid to Synod, to be disposed of as the Standing Committee may see fit or Synod direct "Clergy, Widow, and Orphan Fund.—A statement of accounts for the first two years, ending June 30 laat, appended to this report, appears to your Committee to be very satis factory. No deaths have taken place since the last report affecting the fund. One clergyman has died, but he left no widow or child. "Depot of Books of the S.P.C.K.—The re port of the Committee, appointed at the last Synod to enquire into the working of this depot, will be read to you. An abstract of it has been already printed and circulated. "The Committee appointed to collect and ap pend to the fundamental provisions and regula tions any resolutions passed in Synod since its formation have not completed the work, but will probably present a report. " In accordance with the resolution of Synod, the Standing Committee transmitted petitions to the local Legislature with reference to the proposed alteration in the marriage laws. The Act passed List session is, in a great measure, in accordance with the spirit of these reso lutions. "The question of the separate lay representa tion in Synod of a Church forming only pare of a minister's oure has been brought under the special notice of the Standing Committee, but not being a matter delegated to them to consi der, they could only refer the parties applying to the Synod, and now direct its special atten tion to the question. "The Standing Committee have had the pleasure of welcoming back to the diocese the Lord Bishop, who was entertained &t; a public breakfast, given in the Church Office, at which there was a large attendance of members of Synod and other members of the Church. "James Fabrkll, Chairman," The report of the Committee on the Depot of Books of tbeS.P.CK. was laid on the table. It said:- -" Tour Committee have to report that the; visited the depot at Mr. Howell's, Bundle street They learut from him that he had sent home for books from the S.P.C.K. to the value of £100, which have been paid for by the At torneys of the S.P.G. That since the arrival of the second order, he had not sent for any more books, nor had he handed over the pro the proceeds of the books sold to the Attorneys of the S.P.G. That he has in stock, books to the value of about £40 or £50, consisting of small prayer-books, &c.; As the'depot is evidently at a stand- still, and as Mr. Howell thinks that the books of the Society are not adapted to the Adelaide market (except assorted with other books), the Committee would suggest that the present depot should be closed at once, the books in Btock being either sold for what they will fetch, or handed over to form the nucleus of a new depot, should one be opened. In order to ascertain the amount of the capital re quired to form a depot, the best mode of car rying it on, and the chance of its success, your Committee wrote to the managers or secretaries of the depots at Sydney, Newcastle, Melbourne, Hobart Town, and Perth, and from them received much valuable information." The Committee recommended that a capital of £300 should be raised for the establishment of a suitable depot; and mad* suggestions as to theproper method of carrying out the idea. The following report of the Church of Knj.w'J Mission to the Heathen Aborigines was re ceived :— "I have the honor to submit the anting report and balance- sheet of the above Mission. "During the past year the average attendance at the school at Lacepede Bay bas been about twelve ; in the early part of the year there were several more seeking admission,.but they could net be accommodated in consequence of the smallness of the building. At present there are very few children, as at this season the parents generally take them away for a short time, but the superintendent informs me that they are now returning, and that she expects them all back shortly, with the exception of two, who have left for the school at Point McLeay, which is nearer to the tribe to which they belong. "MissEwens having intimated her wish to resign the charge of the school, Miss Armstrong, who was very highly recommended, has been appointed, and will commence her duties on the 13th of the month. "It will be seen by the balance-sheet that the establishment has been conducted at a very small cost, and much praise is due to Miss Ewens for her economical management "Rations have been regularly supplied by the Government, and any reasonable request for supplies, &c;, has been readily complied with. ''Many thanks are due to the Ladies' Work ing Committee of St Matthew's, Kensington, for rurther timely supplies of clothing, which have been most acceptable. "Although the funds received by the Trna surer h.vw been s-iffioient f?r tb.-? currant ex It • pssaes ?; the tsmt, it is bob* desfottto that the i sum of £100 should be raised to enlarge the premises, which are most inconvenient. " C. B. Yodko, Treasurer." The following is a special report of the Finance Committee: — _ " The Finance Committee in taking into con sideration the different funds available in the ensuing year towards the increase of clerical incomes, have, in the first instance, considered those which are under the immediate control of the Standing Committee. ."They find that, while the expenditure in aid of clerical incomes, has been increasing, the revenue has beenduninsbed. The grants in aid of clerical in comes for the Tear ending Easter, 1866 was £580 0 0 Do. 1867 511 18 2 Do. 1868 660 8 2 For the year ending Easter, 1868, the reoeipts from the General Church Fund amounted to ... £110 13 0 Portion of Allen's Pastoral Aid Fund distributed by Synod ... 400 0 0 £510 13 0 For the same year the expenses of Synod have been 134 18 6 Leaving a balance towards clerical incomes £376 4 6 " One of the causes that have led to the ex cess of expenditure over revenue, has been the cessation of the annual grant-in-aid from the S.P.G., which formerly bore the outlay for the aid to clergymen who might fairly be considered to be laboring in missionary districts. Another cause has been the principle of aiding several Churches when served by the same clergyman, at the same rate as if they were distinct cures. " With respect to the two funds above re ferred to, Allen's Pastoral Aid Fund and the General Church Fund, the Committee have to make the following suggestions, feeling it to be highly desirable that every Church in the diocese should contribute to the latter, and that both should be relieved from the burden of Synodal expenses. "L That the Standing Committee, at the end of each year, shall present to Synod an assessment on each parish of the amount they ought to contribute towards the expenses, based on the number of the respective congregations. That this assessment, when approved by the Synod, must be paid by every parish, being raised in any way that they think proper; other wise the amount will be deducted from the grants in aid of their ministers' incomes, and they wOl be excluded from the benefit of repre sentation. This payment to be exclusive of the annual sermon and collection for the General Church Fund, which for the future should be devoted exclusively to Home Mission purposes, and which should be enforced upon every parish under penalty of exclusion of their representa tives from Synod. "Anticipating the adoption of this sugges tion, the Committee append an ami eminent which they would recommend for the ensuing year. " 2. That the following alteration be at once made in the scheme for distribution of giants in aid of clerical incomes. " That the ??imimi amount of grants in aid to each individual clergyman, however many Churches he may serve, shall be £50 at the full scale. "The Committee have also had under their consideration the funds at the disposal of the Attorneys of the S.P.G., generally known as the 'Leigh Fund.' "They find that no funds will be available from this source during the next financial year, in aid of clerical incomes, and that the attorneys will have quite sufficient demands upon their resources for some years to come, to fulfil existing liabilities, especially if they continue their present scheme of endowment. "The Committee consider that the plan of endowing Churches is the most satisfactory way of aiding the different parishes; but one great difficulty of proceeding in this good work is, that the very small amount towards the General Church Fund prevents the Synod doing its share according to the present scheme, fhe very moderate amount of £150 a year, is all that is wanted from the General Church Fund to con tinne the endowment of two Churches in each year, so long as the ?nnn?.1 contribution of £100 a year, for this purpose, from the Lord Bishop of St Asaph's continues. They would earnestly wish it to be impressed upon parishes that whenever an offer of endowment is | made.*to them they should not let" so valuable an oppor tunity slip past, as the terms are so exceedingly liberal and the benefit so great. " For the benefit of easy reference the Com mittee append a memorandum of the plan that has hitherto been adopted in endowing Churches: — " L To secure the maximum amount of £50 a year— The Parish raises £187 10 0 The Synod, ont of General Church Fund and St Asaph's Fond, contributes 125 0 0 The attorneys of the Leigh Fund give 187 10 0 £500 0 0 "2. To secure £40 a-year— The Parish gives £160 0 0 The Synod 100 0 0 Leigh Fund 150 0 0 "3. To secure the iwinimnm of £20 — The Parish gives £75 0 0 The Synod 50 0 0 The Leigh Fund 75 0 0 £200 0 0 " And the Attorneys guarantee 10 per cent, on these amounts for ton years. " In respect to the Church of England En dowment Society, the Committee learn that this Society proposes to invest £10,000 in land, of which £3,390 is already so invested. "That the failure of the crops having post poned all revenue from this source, has pre vented the appropriating funds for endowment of ChnrchflB, or increasing clerical incomes this year. "That when the funds are available, they will in all probability be applied first of all in the way of endowing Churches, and the Central Funds of the Church will thus be relieved to the extent of that endowment. "In conclusion, the Committee append the following abstract of the estimated requirements of Synod on the Churches of the diocese for the ensuing year: — Towards Synodal expenses £162 10 0 Annual collections, the Home Mis sion Fund in aid of clerical in comes 200 0 0 For endowments 150 0 0 £512 10 0 "Unless this amount be raised, the aid to Churches will have to be given pro rata to the amount available. " Neville Bltth, Chairman." The accounts lud on the table showed that the fit?i sermons in 29 churches on behalf of the Clergy Widow and Orphan Fond realised £125 lls.; that the contributions to the General Church Fund amounted to £115 6s.; to the Mission to the Heathen Fund, £126 18s. 6d.; and to the Clerical Incomes Fund, £742 2s. 8d. Mr. Wicksteed (the Secretary) read a report from the Melanesian Mission Committee, as follows: — "To the Bight Rev. the Lord Bishop of Adelaide. " The Committee of the Association in Aid of the Melanesian Mission have to report to your Lordship that meetings have been held daring the past year in aid of the Mission at Auburn, Norwood, Mitcham, Glenelg, Wbod ville, St Paul's, Port A.leUide, St Paul's, Adelaide, and at Trinity; and that sermons, specially in behalf of the Mission, have been preached at Clare. Penwortham, Auburn, Gawler, Glenelg, Mitcham, WoodviUe, the Collegiate School, Port Adelaide, St Paul's, Adelaide, WalkerviUe, and Christchurch, North Adelaide, with probably several other places from which contributions have been received. " It will appear from the balance-sheet, which is appended, that the sum collected, including a balance of £62 18s. 8d. from last year, has been £246 Os. 2d. Of this £230 has been remitted to Bishop Patteson. This is con siderably under the sum raised and remitted last year; but while they regret that the funds of the Association have been thus diminished, they think it right to express their belief that this is very much owing to the great call for local help which existed in many places during the past year. In part also it is due to the Rev. Canon Russell being called from his post of Organising Secretary at the very busiest time. They trust that the blessing of God will be on their valued and beloved fellow-laborer and his wife, during their absence from the colony, and that their many friends may soon be able to welcome them back again in restored health. They rejoice in the knowledge that much material help, which would otherwise be given to the M??1mi?MrinT| Mission, is being guren to the aborigines of this Province. "Contributions of knives, hatchets, and fish-hooks for barter, clothing for the native girls and for the pupils of the school, jams, and other ship's stores, and drugs, have been re ceived and are gratefully acknowledged; qui nine especially, which was kindly sent by Mr. Downer, of Port Adelaide, is moBtuseful, as the members of the mission are much exposed to attacks of fever and ague. " The Committee would be glad if the local collectors would forward the names of sub scribers to the fund to be printed in the report, which tiie Committee hope to furnish annually. They would also be ?Ud to know the number of copies of the report required by each col lector. It would also materially help the mis sion work if tiie clergy would inform the Or ganising Secretary, the Rev. T. Field, at what times they would desire deputations to visit their parishes. One or other of the Central Committee will always be ready to undertake this duty. " In conclusion, they desire to express their thankfulness to Almighty God for the steady ' progress of the mission work in the Melanesian Islands, for the success which has attended the removal of the Central School to Norfolk Island, and for the growth of spiritual life among the pnpila of the school, which has been such that several have been baptised daring the past y?ar: "Xfceybm loamt with mw& ykmtan 4ha* there is no truth in the rumor that Bishop Patteson was likely to' relinquish his important charge. "The Treasurer's account is forwarded here- j with. I " Gbo. H. Fash, Chairman. A statement of accounts with respect to the mission showed that the receipts had been £246 Os. 2d., and that £230 had been remitted to Bishop Patteson on behalf of the mission .luring the past year. This report and statement of accounts were received and ordered to be printed. Mr. Wicksteed, on behalf of Mr. W. A. Hughes, read a report of the Committee ap pointed to report upon the resolutions passed once the establishment of Synod and now in force, which report was, on the motion of the Bey. Canon Marryat, seconded by the Bey. Canon Coombs, received and ordered to be printed. ELECTION OP OFFICERS. Papers were then distributed and the voting for officers was proceeded with. Messrs. Alfred Spence and H. H. Tnrton were appointed Treasurers; Mr. F. Wicksteed, Secretary; Messrs. G. W. Hawkes and B. B. Colley, Auditors; and the following gentlemen were elected as the Standing Committee:—Clergy men —Very Rev. the De^n, Bey. Canon Marryat, Bey. Messrs. G. Dove, T. Field, D. J. H. Xbbetsoo, W. B. Andrews, ?nd J. Pollitt Laymen—Messrs. K. Blyth, W. A. Hughes, H. H. Tnrton, F. Wicksteed. N. Oldham, B. a Colley, O. B. Young, W. S. Douglas, W. Mullett, A. Spence, Dr. Duncan, L. W. Thrupp, J. Acraman, and Major Warburton. KOTTCES OF MOTION. A number of notices of motion were then handed in. DATS OF MEETING. Mr. WICKBTEED moved, and the Bey. T. Field seconded—"That the jdays of meeting of Synod be Tuesdays, Wednesdays. Thursdays, and Fridays in each week (except Thursday next, which is Holy Thursday, and Taesday, the 26th inst, the day fixed for the celebration of Her Majesty's birthday), at 3 o'clock. Carried. TRIENNIAL BTNODS. The Standing Orders were then suspended, to enable the Synod to proceed at once to dis cuss the motion of which notice had been given. The Very Bey. Dean Farrfj.t. moved a motion for leave to bring in a measure to alter the 3rd Fundamental Provision, by pro viding that Synod should be elected triennially instead of annually. He remarked that it this were carried it would be necessary to adopt some alteration in the constitution of the Standing Committee, by which means one fourth or one-sixth of the Committee should retire each year, to make way for pew blood. He urged the adoption of his motion on the grounds that it would give a greater permanence and stability to the Synod, and thereby make laymen take a deeper interest in iU pro ceedings. He remarked that this was only a preliminary step, because if the motion was carried there would have to be a Call of Synod before a fundamental provision could be altered. The Bey. Canon Mabbtat seconded the motion. His Lordship remarked that he observed many gentlemen there who had been returned to Synod year after year, as having the con fidence of their respective congregations. There might, however, be a time when they should have an obnoxious member of Synod, and if the election was triennial instead of annual, bitter blood might be caused by the difficulty of getting rid of him. If the Synod was elected annually, such a member could be quietly dropped. Theoretically, he thought the Dean was right, but he did not think any satisfactory reason had been shown why it was either neces sary or advisable that they should alter the fundamental Constitution under which they sat. The Dean admitted that there was force in His Lordship's remarks, and the motion did not seem to meet with general sympathy. The House went into Committee, however, to consider the motion, when Mr. Collet expressed his concurrence in the principle of the motion, bnt objected to making the triennial election compulsory. He hoped, however, that congrega tions, when they had good Synodsmen, would send them, year after year, to Synod, so as to give them more influence and weight. (Hear, hear.) Mr. T. O. Jones supported the motion because he thought triennial election would not only make Synod more permanent, but would also lead congregations to exercise greater care in the selection of Synodsmen; The Bey. Canon Mabbtat could have under stood the motion if the Synod was constantly changing, but practically iis constitution was the same year after year. He suggested an evil which might arise. If a Synodsman was elected for three years he might be able and willing to act the first year, but circumstances might so alter as to make him unwilling to act for the rest ?f the time, and some of the Churches ! might thus be left altogether without represen tation. The Dean asked leave to withdraw the motion, as it did not meet with the general sym pathy he should like It to do. His only object was to ensure greater stability and power to the Synod. His Lordship remarked upon the great importance of congregations sending in repre sentatives who were well acquainted with the forms of Synod. The motion was then with drawn. WORKING EXPENSES OF BYNOD. Mr. Wicksteed, for Mr. N. Blyth, moved for leave to bring in a measure to provide for the contribution by each Church pro rota towards the working expenses of Synod. His Lo&DSHIP; explained that the working expenses of Synod amounted last year to £160. That bad absorbed all the contributions from the Churches who intended to give them for the benefit of the Home Mission Fond, and the object of the motion was to separate the expenses of the merely charitable work from the working ex penses of Synod. Mr. Hughes seconded the motion, which was carried, and it was ordered that the House go into Committee next day to consider the question. THE HABBIAGE ACT. The Very Bey. the Dean asked—" If the Mar riage Act, lately passed in this colony, ie (as the lex loci) to supersede all other Marriage Laws; and whether it is to be the rule and guide of the clergy of the Church of England in this province in the solemnization of marriage, even if inconsistent with, or repugnant to, laws civil or eccesiastical, still in existence in the Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland. One reason why he asked this question was, because if marriage with a deceased wife's sister should be made legal here, and a clergyman was re quested to join in the solemnization of such a marriage, he wanted to know if he would be justified in doing so. He pointed out also that under the present Act marriages could be solemnised at any hour, and there was nothing to prevent his marrying a couple at 11 or 12 o'clock at night. He wanted some definite rule laid down on the subject, and not that each clergyman should be left to his own discretion in this matter, without reference to his Diocesan. His Lordship replied to the fol lowing effect :— " That the marriage law of this colony ap pears only to vary the mode of solemnization of marriages; that by the Declaration on which the Synodal Compact is founded, this Diocese is identified with the laws and customs of the Church of England, which the clergy are bound in conscience as far as applicable to this colony to carry out. Chat to determine the limits of such applicability is the proper object of a Select Committee of Synod. " That no law of marriage in this colony re pugnant in principle to the marriage law of England can validate such repugnant marriage, nor hinder the effect of such illega'ity in regard to inheritance of properly in England." CHCBCH OF ENGLAND ENDOWMENT BOCIETT. The Very Bey. the Dean asked. "if the Church of England Endowment Society intend to carry out one of tho conditions under which they raised their funds and obtained subscrip tions from the public, viz, that the income de rived therefrom should be appropriated in such a manner as Synod might direct?" His Lordshd? read a memorandum in reply which he had received from Mr. Oldham, the Secretary of the Endowment Society, and the further consideration of the matter was deferred till next day. An adjournment then took place for an hour, and at half-past 6 o'clock Synod resumed. CLEBGTMEN OBTAINING SUBSTITUTES. The Very Key. the Dean asked—" Whether there be any rule in the diocese as at home, requiring a clergyman, if absent from his usual duties on the Lord's Day, to provide an ordained minister as his substitute, unless otherwise per mitted by his ordinary?'' His LOBD3HIP pointed out that the Diocese of Adelaide was part of the United Church of England and Ire land, and there was no role of the diocese which contravened the well-understood rule on this matter, in the parishes at home. REPRESENTATION AT BTNOD. In Committee. The Very Bey. the Dean moved—"That the ninth of the Regulations not fundamental be repealed, and the following substituted. That connected Churches shall be entitled to return each two Synodsmen, save where two or more may be served by the same minister, when they shall only be entitled to send one each." He said he did this to preserve the equilibrium between the lay and clerical members of Synod. He thoueV.t it wrong, also, when a member had tm or three Churches under his care that each Cnurch should have the power of electing two Synodsmen. There were some country Churches which, he said, were so huge and important as to deserve more than two Synodsmen. They should have four as well as the town Churches. Mr. W. S. Douglas seconded the motion, concurring in what the Dean had said. The Bey. Canon OOOKB3 said four Synodsmen were originallr given to the city Churches, in order to counter act the preponderating balance which country Churches would otherwise have had. He thought the question mooted by the Dean was one of great importance, and ought to be oarefnlly con sidered. Mr. L. W. Thrupp opposed the motion, on the ground that It would so largely reduce the lay element in Synod, which he thought it highly important to keep op. Ex perience had shown that the lay p?^ clerical members worked well together, and if the re presentation was reduced to two for each dfanneh, there would be a, reduction of 10 repre mtottvei torn teajyCfeuabM •????. ?• remarked also that it was vary important for the proper working of Synod that there should be a good many members in or near the city who could form the General Committee. The Bey. W. B. Andrews thought it necessary to keep up the representation of the country Churches, because it was well known that per sons from a distance often could not attend. Mr. W. A. Hughes hoped the Dean would with draw the motion. He agreed that St. George's, of Gawler, and St. Paul's, of Port Adelaide, ought to have more than two SynoiismenJ; and he agreed also with Mr. Thrnpp that the lay element should be kept up. The Bey. Canon Mabbtat did not want four Synodsmen for St. Paul's, Port Adelaide. He foundit difficult toget two. He thought thehirgest representation there was from the country the better it would be for the Synod. He suggested that an im portant matter arising out of this—the admis sion of new Churches—ought to be referred to a Committee. The Her. Mr. Ibbetbon thought Mr. Thrapp's arguments were very cogent. He thought it would be unfair and unwise to partially disfranchise a Church or several Churches, because they could not afford to have a separate and distinct minister to each con gregation. He instanced St Bartholomew's, Norwood, and said it would be very hard to the people there to adopt such a proposal as that Mr. B. B. Collet said he found there were 31 clergymen and 65 lay Synodsmen, so that it did not appear that the matter wat working at all out of proportion. The wiser plan therefore would be to leave things as they were. The Bey. Cahon Farr thought the result of the proposed altera tion would be to take off 18 Synodsmen and add 2. Bespecting " consecrated " churches, he spoke of St. Bartholomew's, Norwood, which he thought ought not to be represented at Synod until it had subscribed to the usual declarations as set out in the schedules. There had been an irregularity here, and in the possibility of any case coming beforetheSupremeCourt he thought they should be careful to see that all things were done in order. Mr. Ibbetson said St Bartholomew's returned two Synodmen as a suburban Church-it was not necessary that it should be a separate Parish Church in order to do that. His Lordship concurred. Mr. J. W. Bull thought if the proportion of members was reduced, as proposed, that there would be a great difficulty to get a quorum. His LORDSHIP commenting upon the resolution said he thought there was no need for it, and that therefore it would be unwise to pass it. The Dean expressed his great pleasure at seeing the lay element so fully represented in Synod, but he wished to keep it in due proportion. The motion was then put, and negatived. CHURCH ENDOWMENT. Mr. Wicksteed moved — "In case any Church does not accept its turn for endowment, it shall be competent for the Standing Com mittee (with the concurrence of the S. P. G.) to endow any Church (previously endowed in less than the maximum amount) which may have given notice to the Secretary of Synod of its being prepared to pay up the amount neces sary for additional endowment." Mr. W. A. Hughes seconded the motion, which was carried. The Bey. Canon Mabbtat then moved an addition—"Or any other Church which is ready to accept offer of endowment, those which have paid money (being not less than £75) into Synod to have the preference." This was lost by the casting vote of the Bishop. Mr. Wicksteed moved, and Mr. Hughes seconded —" That in case any Church does not accept its turn for endowment when offered, it shall be competent for the Standing Committee to reconsider the case at any time when funds are available." STANDING COMMITTEE'S REPORT. The House went into Committee to consider the Standing Committee's report. Mr. Wice- BTEED, in reply to Mr. Jones, said the.Kndow ment Society had, in consequence of the red rust, taken 12 months' bills for all their rents. A. conversation arose also as to the Clergy Widow and Orphan Fund, and to the admission of persons into the benefits of that fund with out having been properly pa?sed by the Com mittee. Subsequently, however, the report was adopted on the motion of Mr. Hughes, seconded by the Bey. Canon Marryat. The Standing Orders were then suspended to permit notices of motion to be given. Several notices were handed in, and His Lordship having pronounced the benediction, Synod ad journed till next day at 3 o'clock. 