Town Talk and Table Chat. Tjjb XYZ CtUB.-Tbe members of the XYZ Club gave their second enter tainment at the Theatre Royal on Wed nesday evening in aid of local charitable institutions. There n'as a fair attendance and the pieces - The Artful Dodge' and ?? The Illustrious Stranger' were well per formed. In the latter, the impersonation of ' Iknjamiii Bowbe'l' would bavo done cedit to Ooppin, and Ben was well sup ported by Oitnbo, Alibnjon, nnd Fatina King Abou'ifur was diguified and inflexi ble. The self-sacrifice of Prince Azar, in consenting to interment with his bo-' lovoA I?iinces3 lip, was rewarded by a speedy resurrection, and the resuscitated pair ethorealized by the aid of red fire formed a beautiful spectacle. Tho grand procession which accompanied King Aboulifar was far superior in decoration to anything in tho procession at the recent lloynl.Ueceptionhere.Tbefuneraldirgoaud ceremony preceding the interment was as Benjamin liowbclls admitted, after he iiad found a substitute in tho Prince, ' quite interesting, provided you were not one of the individuals to be interred.'' The Ghost Illusion, or tbe haunted room at the Brisbane Hotel formed the inter lude, and the Ghost condescended to ap pear thrice, to the great annoyance of the gentlemau who had beon shown to the haunted room. Mbptiso op the Executive Cotooil. —His Excellency tho Governor held a meeting of the Executive Council at the Club Hotel, at 8 o'clock on Tuesday It was attended by the Hon. the Premier Sir Richard Dry ; the lion. IV. L, Dob son, Esq., Attorney-General ; aud Sir Vftleatfw -flteminj, chief Justice. The oases of the men sentenced to death at ibe recent sitting of the Supreme Court here, were considered, aud in those of Daniel Connors, convicted of the murder of Ellen if oriarty, the Council decided that the law should take its course. The etn tence of death passed on Ephriam BooiIl for a capital utfence on a little girl eight years of age was commuted to imprison ment for life ; and Patrick Daly, the blind man, against whom sentence of death wus recorded, for an unnatural offence, is also to be imprisoned for life, Thr Bohemun Glass BLowERs.-Mr and Mrs Wondrnffe, nnd Monsieur Pay. tun, gave their final entertainment in tbe ilecbauics1 Institute, yesterday evening when a great variety of valuable prizes were dis'ribmed. They will give their first entertainment at Campbell Town on Monday evening nest. CoNXOBB THE CONDEMNED MuBDEBEB. —Daniel Connors, who, prior to sentence of death being passed on him last Satur day, made such a rabid attack upon judge, jury, clergymen, and the witnessta examined in his case, altered bis de meanour nest day, and begged of the gaol official to lot the public know that he regretted having been guilty of such conduct He appears quite resigned to his fate, aud thankful for tbe Christian attention paid to him by the Rev. Dean Butler and the Rev. 12. WalsU. Great Saws of Houses, &c.;~ We remind tlie public ot Messrs. BeH and Westbronk's sale of horses, carriage], and harness, at the yards of the 'Elephant and Castle' Hotel, commencing at 12 o'clock to-day. Found — Miss Lavinia Ling, daughter of Captain Ling, when on her way to school yesterday, found a gold ring, and at tbe suggestion of Mr. Cos, Super lULUUUCIlf VI I ciiai A^3M»uiiauuivilbO| U) whom she showed it, the child delivered i t over to the chargo of the Superintendent of Police. Rumours of Robberies. — Various stories of the ' Clock and Bull ' class have been current lately, purporting to give circumstantial details of recently perpetrated robberies and burglaries , but on miking minute enquiry as to then authenticity, we have found them all groundless, or at least without foundation as to the felonious intent of the alleged robbers. Insolvent Court.— The only meetinj in this court on Thursday was in re Mr«. Blanche Harris, who applied for her dis- charge, which was granted. The Steamer TuMAtt.— The Steamer Tamar towed the brig Lady Emma, bound for Sydney, down the river yesterday. Tbe T.imar will leave the wharf with passengers at I o'clock to-day, to proceed to George Town, aud will return o:i Monday. The New Wesleyan Chdech.— Thi» beautiful edifice was formally opened for public worship yesterday. The Rev. J. tigglestou preached in the morning, from Ejihesiims, iii , H, 9, 10. The large edifice was filled morning aud evening with at tentive congregatiunn Mestiso at the Hoyal Standard. —Mr. James .-Speuce has Culled a publiu meeting at tbe Royal S audard thw evening, at half past seven o'clock, to take into consideration the answer re ceived from the government in reply to the petition lately presented for au in quiry into ihe Public Works Department, mid alio to hear au explanation from Mr. Spence with regard to the late trial between Messrs, Falconer, Chcverton and himself — Thursday's Tasmanian Times. T:fE Address of Jut. of Darling.— Among the loyal addresses presented to Ilia Koyal Highness tbe Duke of Edin burgh, on bis late visit to Victoria, was one of an original character, tbe prc ductiun (apparently with white help) of: Jiin, an aboriginal of the Darling tribe, now iu the service of Mr. firodie, of Bulla Bulk It was to tbe following purport : — ' To Uts Royal Highness Alfred, Duke of Edinburgh, K,G, JCT.— I, Jim, representing my own tribe, lhu Darling aburigines of Australia, a resi dent of the shire of Bulla, in the colony of Victoria, beg to approach your Royal Highness, on visiting this district, with the assurance of the loyalty of my raco to the British Crown, and our sentiment* of satisfaction in welcoming in your per son, a Prince of the blood to our shores. My lubra, Jennie, joins in my congratu lations, and our piecininuies are laughs to lisp your royal name. We pray that you may have much enjoyment in onr country, and that you may return in safety to our great mother, to whom, fhrough you, we proffer our allegiancu aud homage. Jisi.— Given this 10th December, 1807.' To this loval addreaa an oflicial aud eymoaxlietic reply wa* made., by Mr. Elliot Yorke, on behalf o£ Princo Alfred, and it has been most: highly thought of by the recipient, foa whom it has been gummed, if uot glazod and framed. Air Historical Doodmbst.— The Mel bourne Argus says: — ' The last sheets of names to tbe old colonists' address to Hi* Rojal Highness tbe Duke of Edinburgh, were received a few days ago from th* Western District, to which they hod been sent for the signatures of a number of gentlemen who could not come to Mel bourne to attach their autographs. Thfr Joe-simile of the address, signatures, ami reply can therefore be completed in a few days, when the original will be despatched to the Princo at Sydney It is proposed to print a sufficient number of jac simile copies of this interesting historical docu ment for presentation to the Public Library, the British Museum, and other depositaries of such records at home and. in America, as well as a few for the ust- of such of the old colonists as may desire to be possessors uf this remarkable mus ter- roll of tbe founders of tbe colony. Arrangements have beon made with the publishers under which rue similes, printed on superior paper and neatly bound in cloth, cau be obtained atone guinea each; but as only a limited number will ba printed, and the lithographic stones can not bo retained, early intimation ought to be made by intending purchasers to Mr Whitehead, Collins-street east. The sheets just returned contain space for about: thirty additional subscribers, and they will bo open for signatures during tha week at the Mechanics' Institute, where specimen sheets of tbe fao timile copy of signatures, &c.;, can be seen,' A £1000 NuaaET. — Monday's Bendigo Advertiser has llie followiiiR exbilerating mtMtM* :-'ffo had nlinust be?an *° think that tbe Whipstick, once su iuuinus for tbe production of nuggets of large size J»m worked out ; but it appears that there rreslill those lumps of Gold wliicb in days nfvoro gliddened tbe bcurts of the misers A German named Jacob, who had been hattini i' Splitter's Gully, Whipstick, for manv a weiirv ^il-'' ail(* ha* 'l(lri}1J' liee' earning his tucker, came on (Saturday morning last ou a nugget .which weighed 275oz. 13iwt. Ho was picking di-\vn tbe siding of some old and partly worked out pound, st a depth of about 5ft, when tbe nick struck against the nugRet, which a first bo thought wag a bmilder, but tbe second stroke of tbe pick unearthed the glittering mass of gnlrj. The'lucky fellow brought ilia treasure iu o Sandhurst, but m jt mis too late on Saturday night to dispose of it at any of the banks, he con veyed it|to the bouse of a relative at Irish towD, and as be did not altogether feel 8ife with such a valuable nugget in bis possession, be remained up nil nigbt watching it, and conveyed it to tbe Hank of Victoria yesterday, where it was taken charge of by Mr Mendell. Tbo nugget is elmoflt pure gold, a very small quantity of ironstone being intermixed with it. It mil be shown at the bank gold office to d»y.' ? Tbi Oeosl Prince:— It seemg that Prince Allrei was ungillant enough to «be»t the belles or Sydnay out ol an op portunity of 'haying a good look at bint ' od the occasion of the Horticultural Show, on the 29th pit. We quote from tbe Her. lli):_-' No little amusement w« caused at tbe Flower Show by the Duke taking one wilk to reach tbe marquee, and the ladies hiriof; decided previous to his arrival that His Koyal Highness should take another. Front tbegMe leading into the lower gar den to the tent within wliich the exhibits wtre placed, the borders of tbe most direct wtlk were occupied by a large number ol nerami— principally young ladies— all in a flatter to catch a glimpse of tbe Duke. They wore not extravagantly but prettily atUred in tbe latest mode, and formed Deat ledges, not qnite so regular as box, but very much more interesting. The virtue ol patience sat on every face, despite tbe waiting for nearly three-quarters of an hour beyond tbe time it was expected Hie Boyal Highness would visit the gardens Now and then a few drops of rain fell, and ?niions eyes were (or a moment diverted trom tbe lane leading to the gate, toj tbe skirts of dreBios rich in texture ?nd ornamentation t then a slight peal ot thunder, with a Scotch-misty fall, brought umbrellas up like mushrooms, their drippings causing a visible collapse in mas lint, and an exhibition of leet and anklis of which the «olonv might well be proud It rained still faster — but woman is a deter ?lined being; and dnriog tbe last few days IK have teen that she is not to be over come by ' visitations pluvial'- the ladies ttirred not, and oi course their cavaliers -were compelled to brave tbe elements also. Fair faces and sparkling eyes were turned in tbe direction in which it was expected the Prince would arrive, as tbe band gave forth tbe national Anthem— umbrellas and pirasols subsided, and along the line (he ?ignal ran' ' Here he is,' The Prince, bow «ver, bad taktn another roite, and a few rarest people who had stationed themselves nnder tbe trees near the band, i«d tn opportunity of paying their r« vpects and taking a quiet look at tbe illus trious visitor, while their less fotnnate friends were piu-niai* themselves on tbe «xecllenee of the position they bad secured Jtsioon as the mistake was discovered, (he Ifciiei gave chase to tbe Dukf', and scsmper -ed over the wet sward with the agility o1 . towns bat ere they could get a look at Hii Boyal Highness, he bad passed into tbe marquee at tbe north end, and was ai ?effectually hid from view by the erush ol bis Royal mother's feminine subjects as it be nid been encased in an Egyptian sar cophagus. In a quarter of an hour or so be emerged from the other end. and escape J JMt as another chase was being organised. ?A. heavy shower played havos with toi letttiaf exquuite tancy, and looks of dis appointment materially altered the expres sion of many laces that before shone with ^leasing radiance.' 