DISTBICT COUNCIL. - There will "bo a meeting of the District Council, Mcunt ?Gambier West, .cmrthcafteroGon of Thursday next TBSE REV. Me. "MCDONALD.-It appears by the Hamilton Spectator that the Hey. Mr. McDonald, met his death through his horse bucking him off. He had only just mounted .to pay a-visit to the country when he was ^thrown. He fell on his head, the fall causing concussion of the brain. He survived about half an hour but was never conscious. The Rev. gentleman was buried on Wednesday, when business was almost entirely suspended in Hamilton. Mr. McDonald was nine ycra-s Presbyterian minister of that place, and was much esteemed by all ranks and classes of the people. Much commiseration is felt for his widow and six young children. INSTITUTE BUILDING FUND.-The Secre tary of the Mount G-ambier Institute informs us that Mr W. A. E. West has promised the handsome sum of-£15 15s. to go towards the Institute Building Fund. ELECTION MEETING AT PENOLA.-The meeting of electors to hear the addresses of Messrs. Riddoch, Hughes, and West, which; took place at Penola on Thursday evening, was, numerously attended. R. McCluro, Esq., presided. The vote of the meeting' :was! declared to be unanimously in favor of Mr Riddoch, and to. be in favor of Mr Hughes as against Mr West. There is some doubt on this last point, .8ome.affirmjng tEat the majority was in favor of Mr West. -? MALICIOUS FIRE.-Mr. J. Dunlop ofFer9 ;'a" reward of £20 for the discovery ot -the: person or persons who maliciously set fire"' to his run on or about the 19th inst. MB. Maisbv desires us to state that Mr. R. Peel's.name was put upon Mr. Riddoch's Com. mittee by mistake. A JNahbow ESCAPE.3-It will be observed by pur Police Court report of Thursday last, that an unfortunate lunatic Mr. John Swan, was discharged to the custody of a friend who promised that he would see Mr. Swan safety restored to his friends. Upon leaving the Court they proceeded. in company to wards the Blue Ijake, down the precipitous bonks of which .Mr. Swan threw himself and plunged into its waters, his friend seeing the futility of following, proceeded to the Police Station and reported the circumstance. A party headed by Trooper Sunderland pro ceeded to the jLake when they found, fortunately, that the plunge had brought Mr. Swan to his senses, for he had. swam back, and was at the time of the»r arrival hanging on to a rock on the banks of the lake from which they removed and brought him to the station. XiECTUBE AT PENOLA.-The Rev. J. M. DaV, of Mount Gambier, is to give a lecture in penola, on-Monday next, in 'aid ofCtlie M Ount Gambier Baptist Church ^Building Fund." Subject-'" The true story '"of cer tain ghosts I have" seen." The subject is sufficiently novel'and sensational to draw a full house, and we trust, it will do go, and that both the hearers and the Baptist cause will be benefited by it. AUTUMNAL EQUINOX.-Tlie advent of-the Autumnal Lqinox, .which culminated on the 21st inst., appears passing away in a very quiet and calm manner; & few extra puffs of trmd and a slight Sprinking of rain only, marking this period of the year. LOCAL ROAD BOARD.-There not being-a -quorum present at the monthly meeting of this board on Wednesday last, the meeting lapsed. IIOCAL COTTET.-It should be borne in mind by those interested, that the sitting tff the Local Court for the present month will take pJdce flit 10 o'clock a,m^ on TtiesdSy text the 31th insti FATAL AeMr.-A melantfk^y fata! accident happened at Penola ofl Thursday afternoon. It appears Mr. Elyne, carfietf, Mount Gambier, was just entering the to*wn with a load of produce from The Mount, . when he passed a steam engine at woTk, cutting chaff, which caused his horses to take fright.- They galloped wildly away, and before they coiild toe pulled up, ofae of the wheels of the Waggon" cramfe off, this was \- ? near the Royal Oak llotel,- an'd h*e Was > thrown with nru'ch violence to the gftmnd. It is supposed h'e was both kicked by the I horses actX Strtick by the dray in Ms fall. He waff picked ifp inSfeflSible*, sifd expired in about half*an«hou?r afterwards. THE CANDIDATES AT POET ACI)ONNEL&'. ?, -There was a- full meeting, in McEenzie's large room to listen t(f the ca'ncficfat'fes' on Tuesday evening.- Capt. French presided^ a'nd .Messrs-.-Biddoch, Hughes, and West had .each a patient hearing. A good many (Jiues-- : tions Were put to them, similar in effect to what were asked at Mount Gambier, after which a unanimous vote of confidence tfals passed in Mr* Biddocfr. A dispute arising between the Chairman aiitl the meeting as to the order in which the motion in favour ;of Mr. Hughes and the amendment for Mr. West should beputtotheifleefcing, aridfneither being willing to give way, it resulted in the Chairman vacating che chair and leaving {lie room, followed by Messrs. Eiddoch, Hughes and others, so that neither were put. A second meeting was afterwards held, presi ded over by Dr. Graham, in-which a motion in favour of Mr. West was cordially car ried. THE CouBtg AT MOTTN? GAMBIER AND KAPUNDA.-The following is extracted from the Kapunda Herald:-^" We understand that the Court of Full Jurisdiction at Xapunda is postponed from the 25th to the 31st inst., and will most probably be presided over by Mr. Lyon. We understand that Mr. Browne will hold the next Court at Mount Gambier, after which he has two months leave of absence." STEAM THRASHING COMPANY. - The farmers of Woodford and its neighbourhood, have formed amongst themselves a steam thrashing company, which they consider would be a great advantage to themselves as well as b^ing a paying speculation. The Chairman in opening the meeting said that he thought the time had arrived when they should thrash their grain themselves, and not allow others to thrash it. The owners of thrashing machines were at present masters of the situation, and the farmers were at their beck and call, not knowing when they might expect the^ machine to come. After some discussion it was resolved that a com pany should be formed "with a capital of £75(> in 150 shares of £5 each, for the purchase of a first class thrashing machine, and elevator. The price for thrashing to be the same as at present, 4d. per bushel; whether any exemption in the charge in favor of shareholders should be made was left for the consideration of the Com mittee. TENDEBS.-Tenders are invited for the erection of a new Baptist Chapel in Helen street, Mount' Gambier, - to be sent in not later than Thursday next. POUT MACDOXUELI,.-A letter was re ceived by the Marine Board, from the Harbour-Master, Port MacDonnell, advising the completion of the crane at the jetty, but stating that ^ it was secured by chain, and padlock until the work was passed by some authorised person. The Secretary to re quest^ that the District Inspector would .examine the work. MACDONNELL BAY HOTEL.-At the Ade laide Licensing Court, held on the 23rd inst., a license was granted to Henry Willis, for the MacDonnell Bay Hotel. RATE MEETING-.-At a meeting of the ratepayers of Mount Gambier West, held in the Oddfellows' and Foresters' Hall, on Wednesday morning, a motion for the adop tion of- an additional shilling, rate for the year 1867-8 was carried. There were about 40 ratepayers present on the occasion. ON Saturday a man named Patrick Saun ders arrived in the Penola from Guichen Bay, and was received in the Hospital, suffering from very serious injuries to his back, caused from the falling of a. tree upon him while engaged in felling it. The whole of his right side is paralysed.-Express. ACCIDENT TO MR. GORDON.-Th Q Bailor at Star gives the following particulars of an accident which happened to Mr. Gordon, the late member for this district, on Satur day last:-" On Saturday, at a very early hour in the morning, he left Ballarat and went out to Mr. Mount's farm, at Dowling Forest, and then rode the steeplechase horse Viking to the racecourse across the paddocks. After his return to the farm he mounted Necromancer, another steeplechase horse, to ride to Ballarat, and instead of going down the lane to the high road, he made his way through a paddock. Necromancer jumped the first fence well, but at the one leading out of the paddock he tried to baulk, arid Mr. Gordon pressing him at it, he rose too .plose to the fence, and struck the top .rail with his knees and fell over, coming right on to Mr. Gordon. In getting up the horse trod on Mr. Gordon's face. The unfortunate gentleman was quite insensible, and re mained so for along time. He was brought to the Ballarat Hospital, and it was found that several ribs had been broken, his jaw fractured in two places, his nose broken, and he had a bad scaljp wound, At a late hour (on Saturday evening.he was removed to his ^residence near Lake Wendouree. Although" the wounds and injuries are of a very serious character, it was not considered on Saturday that Mr. Gordon's life was in danger, as he is blessed with a remarkably good constitu tion, and his nervous system bore up well against the shock he had received. Mr. Gordon is well known as one of the most courageous and expert riders across country in the colony, and his many races oa Ballarat, Cadger, and other well known steeplechasers, are well remembered." 