SYDNEY GOSSIP. [FROM OUR OWN COERESPONDEXT.] December 16th. THE presence of Mr. Parkes on the hustings in Wynyard-square, and the active part he took in the proceedings connected with the West Sydney nomination, have by no means tended to diminish his waning popularity. For that it is waning in the estimation of the majority of those whose esteem is worth securing, admits of little doubt. It was thought, to say the least of it, very ques- tionable taste on his part to appear as a po- litical partisan under the peculiar circum- stances in which he stands both in connec- tion with the Government and the country in re his Want of Confidence motion and his unrevealed Kiama Mystery. Notwithstand- ing the great heat, which was almost intense enough to " burn one's eyes out of one's head," and reduce sweltering humanity into grease spots, a very large muster assembled on the Square at an early hour, and towards the end of the proceedings there must have been between three and four thousand persons present, at the very lowest computation. The crowd, though uproarious, was good tempered, and a great deal of fun was pro- voked by their sarcastic comments on tho speeches and personal appearance of tho various orators, In these impromptu witti- cisms the Milesian element was notably in the ascendant. Two or three members of the Opposition side were conspicuous among the mob by their demonstrative interruptions of Mr. Campbell and his friends ; but I must do them the justice to say that none of the witticisms I have referred to came out of their mouths. None of the Ministry ap- peared to be present, at least I saw none of them, and heard that they commendably abstained from taking any part in the pro- ceedings. On the hustings, with the excep- tion of Mr. John Campbell, the attendance was limited to the candidates, their nomi- nators, the press, the officials, and Mr. In- spector Reid, who kept in such close proxy- mity to Parkes as to bo amusingly suggestive of Robertson's threat in the House the other night of putting " Henry " under arrest for " prigging " the missing documents. The Returning Officer having dispensed the usual amount of " butter " to the doctors in regard to impartial hearing, order, &c.;, &c.;, Mr. Sheridan Moore came forward and proposed " Honest Dick Dransfield," at .which tho mob yelled to the echo, that did yell again, an expression of feeling which Mr. " Sherry " adroitly accepted as '' well-merited enthu- siasm." He then proceeded to trumpet forth the merits of Dransfield with great volubility, immense energy, and an amount of perspire- tion that was quite distressing to contem- plate. However as he did not boggle nor flounder but said what he had to say "right off the reel " he was listened to good-tem- peredly enough by his audience, who evi- dently regarded his advocacy as an amusing but harmless joke. A mild-looking, meek- eyed individual, but with a strength of " brogue " that belied his appearance, stood, forth as the seconder of Dransfield, amid a storm of derision. Mr. Coleman (such was his name) began very nervously,- but soon waxed wrath, to the great amusement of his hearers, his very peculiar pronunciation and reiterated determination to " take his toime " exciting plentiful badinage. However, when it was found that the gist of his address was a personal attack on Holdsworth, the Protec- tionist League Secretary, he was soon com- pelled to " come to Hecuba " and retire. Mr. Parkes's appearance was the signal for a perfect storm of disapprobation, and though his countenance assumed a beatific smile, it was long ere he could obtain a hearing. When (through sheer exhaustionon the part of the sun-roasted malcontents) the noise sub- sided, he proceeded to nominate Mr. Wearne, every second sentence was drowned in groans and yells, faintly mingled with the cheers of his supporters, who, vocally at any rate, were in the minority. It was perceptible, to all that Mr. Parkes was in an awful rage at his reception, and pitched into Mr. Camp- bell's pretensions and supporters con spirito. A Mr. Henry Clarke seconded, Wearne, but had very little to say for himself. Mr. Charles Cowper got a very cordial greeting on stepping forward to propose young Camp- bell. He was listened to attentively, but spoke in so low- a tone of voice that he was hardly audible beyond the immediate neighbourhood of the hustings. He took the other side of the argument, maintaining that the fact of a man being the son of a distinguished father was no reason why he should be rejected. Mr. Dalley made a short, but brilliant and telling speech as Mr. Campbell's seconder, his clear and souorous voice ringing through the crowd, and making every sentence dis- tinctly audible all over the square, without the slightest apparent effort on his part. The three candidates then respectively speechified in the order ef their nomination, Mr. Dransfield taking up most time, which, as he subsequently announced his intention of giving up the contest, was, to say the least of it, a great waste of that valuable com- modity. Mr. Wearne spoke quietly and temperately, and Mr. Campbell made a most favourable impression by his maiden effort, though it was thought by many that he rather exceeded the bounds of good taste, in paying back Mr. Parkes's abuse in his " own coin." Still he no doubt received great provocation from the ex-Minister, and if his manner of avenging himself was somewhat infra dig, he at any rate showed himself pos- sessed of pluck, and considerable powers of sarcasm, no mean qualifications for a sucking M. P. to take into the House with him. At the conclusion of the proceedings tho show of hands was immensely in favour of Campbell, and Wearne demanded a poll. The crowd then separated, having behaved , all day, ex- cept as far as their vocal organs were con- cerned, in a very orderly manner. It is almost needless to say that the " Ghost " came in for its share in the " chaff " directed against Parkes and his " pup," as Mr. Wearne was flatteringly denominated. One huge Hibernian, with the voice of a Stentor, shouted out "Ah ! now Mister Wearne don't allow Parkes to desave ye in attimpting to poll his Ghosht to-morrow; " another, " Look out for cead min from Kiama to-mor- row;" and so on, and so forth. During Dalleys speech too, when ho was alluding to Mr Campbell's inheritance of agood name as a solemn responsibility which he was un- likely to ignore, somedy shouted out ', What would Windeyer have been without his father, a remark which caused a certain member for Sydney West, who was notably exerting himself on the opposition side of the yelling party, to look uncommonly chop- fallen and relapse into comparative inac- tivity. On Tuesday, great excitement prevailed all through the day, the streets being perfectly overrun with cabs, bearing the posters of the tl lT ,eS' 1U (Iucstof «tray voters, and there was plenty of betting on the event both Wearne and Campbell appearing to be pretty equally fancied. When the poll was officially declared at half-past five, and it was found that Mr. Campbell was triumphant by a majority of 193, there was a tremendous sensation excited among the large crowd as- sembled around the hustings, chiefly, how- ever, of satisfaction at the result. Mr Campbell (who, by the way, came out a most gorgeous swell on the occasion a la Prince Alfred) expressed his thanks for the honour, his detestation of Parkes, and his friendly feeling towards his opponent. Mr. Wearne followed in disclaiming any par- ticipation in Parkes's schemes, said it had been truly a noble contest and that being beaten was almost as pleasant as beating that he loved everybody generally, and his vanquisher particularly. This was followed by three cheers for Cowper, three for Dalley, three for the Queen, and three for the Re- turning Officer, and a few " not loud but deep " groans for Parkes concluded the cere- monies. 