TEE CORNELL UNIVERSITY. Ithaca, State of New York, Jn)y 29, 1868. You know all nbout the origin of thia magnificent institution, and I need not ra- nearse the particulars of it. It is due to the combined bounty of the general Government ? and of Mr. Ezra Cornell; an estimable resident of Ithaoa, who, haviDg made a largo fortune, chiefly in telegraph enterprises, had been anxious for somo time to dnvote a share of it to the public good. Fis first plan waa merely the foundation of an agrio al tural college at this place ; but when the S tato of NowYork, under tho Abt of Congress of July 2, 1S62, appropriating publio lands for educational purposes. becamo en- titled to land sorip representing 990,000 aores, ' and disoussion arose as to tho best way of disposing of this gift, Mr. Cornell proposed to enlarge the plan of his founda- tion, and to give it 500,000 dollars on condition that tho ; State should appropriate tho proceeds of theso lands to tho sarrio objoct. Tho scrip bad already boen given tu the People's College at Lima, on certain conditions ; but 'those conditions not being1 complied with, Mr. Cornell's offer was accepted. Heneo tho Cornell University, whîoh Logins its career under tho remarkable circumstances or having all tko money it can spend,: and possessing I assuranco of an inoome sufficient to keep it alive oven without tho payments expected | from students. AB the plan has gradually been developed, Mr. Cornell's bonofactions bavo inoreaeed. He has given to the University his homestead and farm of 250 aorcs, and when it was suggested to him that by tho terms of his agreement with the State tho value of this gift might be deduotcd from his promised endowment of 500,000 do lars, ho made the 'characteristic answer, " I don't want to deduct anything ; I had rathor give moro." He has kept on giving more over «ince. He gave 10,000 dollars for tho Jov*>t oolleotion in geology and palaeontology ; he Boon after- wards added other sums to tho amount of 25,000 dollars. He spent about 250,000 dollars for the purpose of locating the lands granted by Con¿ross ; and he bas bought 50,000 dollars worth of the unsold lands in order that the Univer- sity may enjoy the interest of the money, and has agreed moreover to pay .over to tho endowment fund "whatever profit he may malto on their subsequent salo. Tho 250,000 dollars for locating the lands be re- gards, however, as a loan, which-the University is to ropay him whenever it ODD. The land scrip, as you know, entitles tho State merely ¡ to so many aores of tho unocoupied public ¡ domain in the far western territorios to bo sc- j leoted by the Stato under oertain regulations . prescribed by tho General Land Office; and; of course, whilo nobody knows just where or j "what that land may turn out to be, the sorip j cannot bc sold except ata great disadvantage; The labour of selooting it, involving muoh hunting about in thc wilderness to find the ; best loontions, and muoh espensivo surveying,. costs a deal of monoy ; and Mr. Cornell, by advancing the amount required for this èor-1 vice, has enabled the institution to disposo of JIB gltlUia UD U UiUUU Ulguui ¿MH.U UUUU AU j could othorwiso obtain. The lands yet unsold j will yield probably lOO.OOO.dollars, whioh will , be invested by the State Controller, for the ] benefit of tho University. It is estimated ( that tho income of the establishment for tho , first year, not including what students , may , pay for tuition, board and ¡ lodging, will amount to 66,000, | ? dollars, and for tho 6coond year it will , probably bo 75,000 dollars. Inttead of s! ^ simple agricultural college, Mr. Cornell now i resolvod to have a university " where any , person can find instruction in any study." ( Ho wished to abandon tho old routine sys :em, j by which young men were forced through : ] a regular and inflexible course, without. « regard to thoir tastes, thoir fitness "or patti-¡ | oular branches, or thoir probable neods in , after Hf j. Ho wanted an institution whioh would give an excellent general education in . tho studies pursued at ordinary colic gos, and . at the same time would aooomtnodati itself to ( the student's oepecial choioo, and git s him an , opportunity to acquiro eminence in whatever pursuits kok tho most praotioal hold upon tho tastes, aspirations, and. work of his life. The Hon. Andrew D. White, who wris chair-. . man of a committee appointed in the State Senate to draw up a plan of organisation for tho University, cntorod heartily into Mr. Cornell's views, and the admirable report -which be presonted to the Legislature, togother with his well known oulturo and general knowledge, pointed him out BB tbo fittest porson to bo President of tho new institution. The outlines of. tho. system adopted, I bolievc, arc Mr. Cornell t; tho details ore mainly Mr. White's. Several courses of study aro arranged, and the student makes his choioo among ¿hem, aided !<y tho advice of tho faculty. There aro departments of agriculture, tho moohanio arts, civil engineering, military engineering andiaotios, mining and praotioal geology, and history und eooial and politioal eoionco. There aro several courses in sqienoe, literature, and tho arts in gen oral, some embracing Latin and. Greek ; others substituting for1 dead languages the most important living '? enos ; others combining all. There is a iiourse -nrnAminanMo flmnnf.ifírv nnil f.liArn ia an " optional" course, in wbioh tho prjpil is allowed to make his own combination of j studies. There is tho ¡ugrioultural BI hool, ' with its sploudid farm, on whioh voluutoer working parties will labour under tho direo-1, tion of competent professors, and be regularly paid for their work; to this aohool Mr.' Cornell has presented his magnificent herd of i imported oattlo, worth over 40,000 dollars. t There is a veterinary sohool, which promises ( to supply ono of tho greatest wants of Ame- , rioan farmers. There are workshops, where overy branoh of technology will bo practically , illustrated by experts, and with models I rom ( all tho best workshops of Europe. Ltnd .Boapo gardoning will bo taught, and ia "he ; decoration of tho romantio and beaut;.ul grounds tho students will have an excellant opportunity of putting what they learn into practice. As you seo, the tendencies of tho i.ew University aro all prnotioal, and its most obvious result will bo to fill the country with mon thoroughly skilled in all tho OBoful arts. This illustrates ono of Air. C^:nell's most noticeable peculiarities, which is a passionate fondness for fine workmanship. Some time ago, for instance, ho bogan build- ing himself a houso, and tho first thing ho did was to scour : the oountry for the beat stone cutters. After a long search, he found a party of Germans in Rochester; they had just come from Cologne, where, they had long beon employed on the great Cathedral. He carried them off to Ithaoa, and th ero they are, carvingoout of tho exoollsnt blue limor stono the most exquisite columns, ana capitals, and vine-wreathed arobes that have over been carved in Amerioa. A man who love? work of this kind oannot be insensible to art ; and as for President White, art in its best forms is his ruling passion. In tho midst of the . farming, and the machinery thorefor, we may bo sure that oosthetioal eui ture will not bo neglcoted. Painting, sculpture, and.. arohitccture are already superbly repre- sented in tho great collootidns whioh Mr. White has just brought home from Europo to enrich tho library, tho museum, and the model rooms. Dr. James Pech, organist of Trinity Parish, New York, came over hero last night from Gerrit Smith's at Petorboro, to propose tho establishment of a musical leotureBhip, and his suggestion has been well received, though no action bas yet been taken on it. The purpose of thc trustees is not to go ahead too fast, bat to do nothing until they are prepared to do it thoroughly. Agriculture, tho moohanio arts, and general instruction must come first, and the other things will follow as fastas arrangements dan bo made for doing thom properly. , The price of tuition is SO dollars a year, and there is np matriculation fee, nor any religious or politi - cal test. One hundred and twenty-eight of the best students from the oommon sohools are to be educated cratuitouslv everv vear. ono being eeleotod by competitive examina- tion from tho schools of eaoh Assembly Dis- trict in the State Booms are furnishod for students in tho University buildings at a low rent-from 60 cents to 1 dollar a week-and it is also proposed to have a commons table, tho board at whioh will bo about 4 dollars a week j but students are at liberty to board and lodge in the village, and for tho present moBt of them indoed will have to do so, as lodgings are ready in tho University only for 150\. i Tho Trustees and Faculty held a meeting, and disoussed a system of government for tho University. Mr. Cornell wanted to or- ganise it as a little State ; the President to' aot as Governor, tho trustees as a Senate, and tho students to elect an Assembly from among i themselves. Some of the Faculty were for plaoing the entire: govorning power in the I bands of the students ; others again for adher I ing to the old system of disoiplino. Opinions I seemed widely at variance, but it was at last I resolved to leave the whole thing to the Fa oulty for tho first year, and if tho more demo-r oratio plan should scorn to them advisable^ they can adopt it as soon as the organization j gets into working order. The use of tobacoo and intoxicating liquor was debated,. and some proposed exacting a pledgo of total abstinence from eaoh student on enter ing, but this question was also deferred! The rooms of the Cornell Library in tho village (another freo gift of tho munificent founder of the University) are littered with the treasures which Mr. White has collectée] in Europe, and for whioh permanent places are not yet ready. Ha has A library of botweon 25,000 and 30,000 volumes, in-j eluding tho Dopp and Anthon collections, and wonderfully rieh in thc fine arts, arohiteoturej ' and technology. Thore is an admirable' museum of natural history; thore is a partial but vory valuable apparatus for classes in natural philosophy, ohomistry, &e.;, and 1 thore aro rare anatomical models, both of tho human form and of horses, cattle, &c.; Upon the whole, though there are defioienoios to be suppliod, especially in the departments of mineralogy, metal-' . lurgy and philosophy, the equipment of thoj Cornell University is already on a par with that of any other establishment in America,' i oxoopt Harvard. j .< Thus you porooivo the Cornell University undertakes to supply tho peouliar educational < wants of tho day moro completely than any: of the older institutions of the oountry, and 1 to reeonoilo the most liboral culture with the' ¡ praotical utilitarian ideas which distinguish; our people and generation, and have hitherto drawn suoh an unfortunate dibtinotionj between the classes upon whom America ' depends for hor material wealth, and tbose( who furnish her scholarship and litorary j i refinement, To put tho caso rather grossly, j i it means to show us how to get the quiokostj pcouniary profit out of book-learning ; but at tho same timo it purposes not to lower; , but vastly to raise tho national standard of education. If it suooeodsin doing i c this (and I sec nb reason why it should not) , it will solvo one of tho most important ' pro- blems of tho ago; A bran-new establish- ( ment of this Bort has immense advantages over' an old one. There is something whioh tickles: } our romantic ibstinots in the idea of studying 1 within venerable .walls whero - the great' scholars of past generations have left their memories, and most men I dare say fancy: thoyoould learn moro ia a college wfceroj Bacon studied than in a sohool which yester- . day had no existence ; but docs not experi-j onoo, and especially the experience of our own! country, tell us that by the time the moss has, ' gathered upon tho walls, and tho corridors; -j have become peopled with historio; , ghosts, tho machinery gets rusty, and: t a languor falls upon the placo whioh; < is fatal to all true progress ? Yes, 1 I universities, like other mundane institutions, must be utterly revolutionised and remodelled every non and thoa, or else they' must oon tain tho elements of perpotual modification.; Tho Cornell University startB with an entirely now plan . and an entirely new , outfit. ' Its courses of study are carefully i adapted to medora wants. Its path , is em- barrassed by no old ry is and grooves. Its apparatus represents all tho yory nowest dis- coveries. Its library is not a museum of ex-, plodod orrors of scholarships, but mainly a ' oolleotion of the rosults of most recent researoh. Ita professors are young mon-. j most of them young in years, and all young . in sentiment and in readiness to aocept the : ohanged conditions of modern life, And finally the optional system of { studies gives it tho means of porf ¡ potually renewing its youth, and im- i mediately introduoing new brandies wbon- c ever a demand for them arises. An inBtitu- 1 tion, in faot, "whero any person «an find instruction in any study," must always romaip froth and vigorous. President White appears to bo not more than thirty-two or thirtyn three years of age. Ho has that fire and energy of youth, with "the óúlture' and general information of more advanoed years. A .man of enthusiastic disposition, and, as I judge, of forcible' character,' with'-a'wo^orful vorioty of aooomplishment, a, ' fine eduoation, and a wiuning personal presence, he is admirably fitted for tho plaoe - he, has to fill, and ip thoroughly imbued with tho spirit that governed. tho foundation of tho institution; Mr. Cornell is a young man, too,, for alj intents and purposes. He is sixty- one years of ago,: but; time 'has' impaired neither his aotivity of body-nor his youthj fulness of . spirit. He works ' for : the Univer> sity as if he wero earning a fortune instead of giving one away. Travelling day and nighf for it, entering heart and soul into the plans of his younger coadjutors, labouring to seouró for it the greatest .possible returns from its grand endowment, you BOB that ho did not think his part performed when : he bad pul; his hand into his pooket and pulled out three quarters of a million or BO of dollars. So long os there is anything to be done, you will find him in tho van of tho working parties. A spore man, with stooping shoulders, a sharp, keen, good face, a kindly blue eye, a firm mouth, and a thin grey board, plain in appearance, and plain but oordial in speech, you would not take him,? at first sight, for the liberal enthusiast he is ; but the gentle eyes kindle with generous fire at times, and his benevolence is quiet beoanao it is so prac- tical.. In the Trustees* meeting he talked little, and spoke in a oalm, deliberate manner, 'dearly and straight to the point, like a man of orderly brain. Ho said nathing exoopt in answer to questions, and originated no motion whatever. '.....'. 