SEED AND HARVEST. AN HUNGARIAN FABLE. FROM 'ALL THE YEAR B0UXD.' Everywhere the Turks were overthrown — everywhere the heralds proclaimed the victories of the Magyar arms, and peiire, so long sighed for, allowed the conquering I heroes to return to their homes. Among them was Jankn, the valiant volunteer, who had obtained his discharge, and -who came to share with his brothers the family heritage. Swiftly and soon wns the matter settled, for the father's estate consisted of a single guilder,* which was to be equally divided among his three sons ; and as the portion of each could not be a matter of controversy, Janko found himself in the unmolested possession of twenty kreutzers.t It was short profit for along journey — a result of which Janko had little dreamed — for lie expected to have returned home to have passed the rest of his days in ease and peace under the roof of his ancestors. Neither for him nor for his brothers was there any better fate than to earn a liveli hood by the sweat of their brow ; so they determined to separate, and to struggle each for himself, taking their different paths in the wide world that was before them. The two elder brothers, accustomed from their yonth to the labours of the field, found no difficulty in getting employment as husbandmen ; but janko, fond of wan dering, and himself of an adventurous spirit— Janko, who had distinguished him self in the battle-field, could not bend down to the vassalage of the soil ; he had served his country in the field of honour, he could not demean himself as n hireling to follow the plough over the agricultural field. \- In truth he was so annoyed with his position that he repented having applied for his discbarge. It was idle to mourn over what could not be mended ; so he determined to float onwiththetidcof hisdes tiny, and courageously seek his fortune in any path that might be opened to him. He left his little native village, wander ing over field, and hill, and valley, from one place to another. He had not travelled many miles when he found himself close to a convent, into whose chapel doors a crowd of people was streaming. He recollected the words of his departed mother, ? ' 0 tarn not from the living God, If thnu shouldst find him on thy road ;' so he did not hesitate, but joined the wor shippers who were entering the church. A monk stood there addressing the multitude. He spoke with potent eloquence, ' Do good to your neighbours, wherever and whenever you are able, aid for all the good von do, God willrecompense you a hundred fold.' The words penetrated bis ear and agita ted his soul, be felt that the riddle of his life was solved — the lav of his life laid down. He suddenly left the church- that no after-words might remove the impres sion which had been made on him. He had scarcely turned his back upon the convent, and was thoughtfully pursu ing his way, when he was met by a poor lame beggar, who humbly asked for alms Janko put Ms hand into his pocket and gave the beggar half of his whole inherit ance. He received in return a grateful blessing, and went on his way rejoicing. After journeying for about an hour, he reached a village, where all the people, young and old, were busily occupied with a raffle for a horse that deeply interested thfi whole community. Nine-and twenty villagers were gathered in a circle, and they earnestly requested Janko to join them and make the thirtieth, which would complete the number, and. take his chance with the rest The stake was ten krentzers, each to he represented by a straw, anil he who drew the longest straw was to become the possessor of the animal. The ten kreutzers he deposited, and made up the needful number of adventurers. It was the last half of his inheritance, but he remembered the lame beggar's blessing. The lame beg gar could not recompense him, but he felt assured the blessing had not been given in vain. ' . And what happened ? Wh«n the straws were compared, Janko's was the longest : and, to the astonishment of the villagers, the stranger carried away the htase. The impressive words of the preacher occurred to him again and again. He thought the promise of the prophecy had been fulfilled in the village. He turned over in his mind a thousand purposes for doing good. The result was that he would devote the whole of his winnings at the raffle to the first benevolent object that might present itself. He had not proceeded far when he was met by a poor tired gipsy, dragging sadly a cart heavily laden with rusty old iron. Janko sprung from bis horse, fastened it to the cart, and told the . gipsy that he must co aider the beast as his own' property. The gipsy could hardly breathe- -for the thanks and the praises which he poured out on his benefactor, who treated them with unconcern; but he made a walking- stick of the branch which he gathered from a neighbouring tree, aud went on his way rejoicing;, while ten thousand expression of gratitude from the gipsy followed his foot steps with. prayers that he might be recom pensed a thousandfold. And thus Janko had not only sacrificed his last penny, but the horse which he might have sold at a profit He was me nacned with hunger, thirst, and exhaustion ; yet he did not allow his spirits to be de pressed, but supported himself with the conviction that all wonld be well in the end. Yet weariness began to overpower him, when he found himself approach a noble castle, which was surrouuded by a beauti ful garden bedecked with trees and flowers. There were the finest fruit-trees of every sort which he had ever seen, all laden with the most delicious produce, which caused his mouth to water when he looked to wards them. He threw himself down on a plank which lay on the grass, and lan guished for the arrival of the evening, in' whose darkness he might, perhaps, enter the garden unobserved, and refresh himself with the inviting fruit The shadows of evening descended, and hills and vales were covered with darkness. I Janko climbed over the fence, and mounted | the branches of a noble pear-tree, so en- j cumbered with fruit that from the moment ! he observed it he could uot turn away his j eye. He comfortably settled himself among the leaves, and ate such a quantity of pears that he found it necessary to unbutton his jacket. Having satisfied his present neces sities, he bethought himself of providing for the want* of the coming day ; and he filled liis rwekets and travelling-bag with such a qu ity of fruit that the bough on which he was sitting began to crack and to yive way under the weight of its burden. At this very moment two charming maidens approached him. They brought easy chairs, and seated themselves immediately under the pear-tree. They entered upon the most artless and confidential conversation. One said to the other, ' No, no ; if I had for a husband such a man as our charming count, I should care little for the preten sions of his cousin, the prelate.' ' Yes, indeed,' answered the other, ' the good count deserves a worthier woman. But so it is. Many times I desired to open the eyes of the dear man ; but who knows how he would have taken my interference 1 So it was better I should be silent I will not fan the fire that burns within roe. But tell me ? No ; we must go. I hear the tramp of horses ; the loving couple will1 soon be here.' They rose, went away, and returned to the castle, but left the garden . seats behind them. Soon a handsome ca valier appeared in the laurel alley. He ap proached the abandoned seats, and lied his horse to the bough of a tree. He then! went off towards the castle, clapped his; hands three times, and from the castle the' clapping was echoed back, and brought the answer. Janko, who had little thought of over hearing these colloquies, was all the more perplexed when he saw a tastefully-dressed lady draw near, whom the equestrian em braced in the tenderest manner, and they seated themselves ou the stools under the tree. The stillness of the evening, and the favouring darkness, to which the over shadowing branches of the pear-tree con tributed, exercised their influence upon the outpourings of two loving souls. Sweeter and softer became the words that passed between them ; and so their kisses were less and less audible : and then they slept — slept as if the downy god had waved his fan over them. Janko, who had listened to all that passed with the greatest attention, could' not understand these mysterious proceed ings—that the enamoured pair should thus expose themselves to the chilliness of the evening air, the dampness of the midnight dew, and the torments of the mosquitos, which in swarms infested the garden ; but so it was, and they fell asleep under the pear-tree. He remained for some time, nevertheless ; but being determined to dis turb their quiet, and feeling the weight of his havresack more and more oppressive, he took courage, aud poured out all its contents nn the slumberers, so that the soft pears were showered down upon their heads like a thunderstorm. They were frightened^ as if the heavens had burst above them ; they sprang up, and fled heels over head. The prelate left behind him his horse and his hut, and fled from the garden with all possible speed. Janko did uot linger long on the pear-tree, but tumbled speedily down, seized the prelate's hat, mounted the horse, and galloped away at full speed. The night was approaching, and as he did not like to enter an hotel with an empty purse, he continued his ride until he reached an open meadow, where he fastened his steed to a tree, and laid him self down to rest. Though much inclined to sleep, he still found leisure, even in his dreams, to reckon the benefits which might result to him from having possession of the prelate's horse. It occurred to him that the boldest course would be the best, and that if he the very next morning mounted the horse, and, wearing the prelate's hat, presented himself in the neighbourhood of the palace, it was most likely the prelate, or perhaps even the countess, would pay a heavy price for the redemption of their property. And so at sunrise he sprang into the saddle, put the hat upon his head, and rode directly towards the palace, in order to parade in the palace court The count was taking his accustomed morning walk when Janko passed through the long tree-sided alley. He was quite astounded when he recognised the horse add the hat of his highly- honoured cousin. He beckoned to the rider, and inquired how he had ob tained possession of bath. The crafty fellow, wlio perceived that matters were proceeding quite according to his wishes, answered very quietly that the History ot tue manner in wnicn ne naa De come possessed of these his belongings would not be very pleasing to the owner of the castle, aud he would rather refrain from narrating matters which concerned some what closely the honour of that noble person. This two-sided answer fell like a light ning flash upon the count, aud the remem brance burst upon him of some familiari ties of his bride towards her cousin which had awakened suspicion iu bis mind. He felt disposed to admit the stranger into his confidence, and offered him a large reward if he would communicate all he knew. Janko, who had already foreseen what was to happen, took advantage of bis posi tion, and after some rather seeming than real hesitation, he narrated what he had witnessed in the count's garden when con cealed in the pear-tree, and how he had obtained possession of the noble horse and the hat Janko's narrative, so singular and so staggering, was so unanswerable that the count determined, as the wisest course, to put the sinners to open shame. He pre sented to Janko a handful of gold, desired he would take quarters for himself and his horse at a neighbouring inn, and after clothing himself in a brilliant uniform which the count promised to send him, that he would present himself at the table an invited guest, as a captain of cavalry, and would there avail himself of an oppor tunity, which would be given him, of ex posing, in allegorical form, yet so as not possibly to be misunderstood, the infamous doings of two of the company. Janko bowed compliance, and hastened to the hotel, where he waited for the for I ther instructions of the count. j Morning dawned, and one of the count's j servants presented himself to Janko, bring ! ing with him a splendid costume, a sabre, I auii all the belongings of a Husac officer. The servant bowed respectfully to the stranger, and handed to him the formal invitation of his master. With becoming care and diligence Janko dressed himself He wondered at his own stately appearance, and had no conception it would have been so attractive. The dinner bell struck, and he hastened on his way to the castle. He was very cordially received by his host, and found himself in the midst of a numerous company, and that a distin guished seat waa reserved for him imme diately opposite those filled by the prelate and the countess. The rich odours of the food, the noble hospitality, the most warm weleome, and, above all, the influence of the grape-juice with which his glass was instantly replenished, all helped his elo quence, and disposed him to give emphatic utterance to his thoughts. So, after he had amused the guests with histories of the many warlike adventures which he had witnessed in his military life, the count broke in, saying, ' Willingly I hear re peated the tale of wars and battles, for in my youth I was familiar with the clang of of arms ; but now I bad rather listen to some love story ; and has our brave soldier none such to tell 1 for these have a char acter of their own ; they interest every body j and any love story told by a soldier must have a special charm.' The words were scarcely uttered when the wine-inspired guest broke out : ' There lives a count in Hungary, A rich and noble manis he.; She played him false in marriage. life, That treacherous wife— that treacherous wife ! That treacherous wife, in beauty ripe, Does she not deserve man; a stripe T Why did her beatty go aetray T And why her faithful lord betray ? The' noble count went hunting far, 'Neath shining moon and travelling star. He had a cousin, trusted much, And could he prove a traitor. such ? Do pear-trees in the garden grow ? And are there shady seats below ? And, were they asked a tale to tell, Could they not answer ? Ah 1 too well 1' Blushes deeper and deeper, hotter and hotter, cover the cheeks of the countess. She hung down her head, and everybody noticed her embarrassment and confusion. lTnt- afiiwltr nbtcr)iHntll'-A mnntAnnnM tttaa disturbed. He looked as if a hard bone had broken his teeth, and covered his face with his hand as if in agony, while Janko continued his love story : ' If pear-trees green, if shady seat, Kef use to give an answer meet, Was there not seated in the tree A lynx-eyed youth ? and ask what he Could tell us of an amorous pair, Conversing, courting, kissing there I Find out that youth, and, ou his oath, He'll tell a pretty tale of both.' While the countess endeavoured to con ceeal her agonised .emotions, her heart was heard to beat, and she looked up for an instant full uf terror, as if she expected another thunder- storm to burst over her head, like that terrible pelting when the pears fell down from Janko's wallet The fat prelate sat with his forefinger on his nose, covering his mouth as before ; but Janko continued : 'Their doom is this : The loving pair Shall ait upon a donkey bare; Their faoes turned towards his tail ; With hay and straw upon their hair : And they shall follow in the tear Uf two lung-bearded goats, and then From street to street, with laugh and store The crowds shall cry- All hail 1 All hail I' The last words had hardly been uttered when shouts of applause rung through the hall ; the two sinners uttered their feeble bravos, by which they sought to join in the general enthusiasm, when the count hastily rose — his countenance had assumed a sudden change — aud with aloud and solemn voice he thus addressed the com pany : 'I know no appeal against this sentence of condemnation. And I believe that every one of my guests think as I do, that it is most justly merited, and I will now call upon my chaste bride and my most virtuous cousin, to say what is their verdict upon the evidence V The question fell like a thunderbolt upon tbeir conscience, their breath seemed to fail them ; but they assumed a sort of heroic indifference, till the countess, as if in innocent simplicity, gently said; 'I think the sentence very sensible and very just ! Solomon himself could not have Bpoken more wisely ;' and the fat prelate declared he fully concurred in the opinion of the lady. ' 'Tis well ! 'tis well 1' cried the count. 'You have pronounced judgement upon yourselves, and no time shall be lost in giving it effect' The tables were turned — the guests were dismissed, the servants had all received instructions from their master. He ordered the donkey and the goats to be brought to the door ; they had been kept in waiting till the order should be given for the procession to set out The sinners stood as if smitten with the palsy unable to utter a word ; a loud bray from the long-eared, and one of the principal actors, announcing the opening of the drama. No prayer, no tears availed, the prelate and the countess were seized and mounted upon the ass, and the procession marched away, preceded by a tablet, on which Janko's sentence was inscribed in large letters, amidst the jeering aud scoffing of an innumerable crowd. All the arrangements had, indeed, been made by the count before the festival,* which was but the beginning of the sen tence. The countess was condemned to pass the remainder of her days in a con vent ; the prelate was banished for ever from his property, which he visited for the last time in order there to receive the igno minious punishment of flogging from the hands of a corporal, after which he was condemned to follow the drum as one of the rank and file of a marching regiment To his guest Janko, the count presented the handsome dress he had worn at the banquet and a hundred golden ducats as a present, and sent him on his way re joicing. And so, with garments and horse, and more money than he had ever before pos sessed, Janko gratefully took leave of the count, mounted his steed, and went onward in search of other adventures. Fortune had been shining upon him, and he whistled and sang as he rode through forests and over hills, still comforting himself with the hope that the promise of the monk would be fulfilled, and even better luck than lhat with which he had been favoured might fall to his share. In the very midst of these reflections, a splendid carriage approached, drawn by four white horses, in which an ancient bishop was seated. As it was only accom panied by an old coachman and oue humble attendant, Janko had courage enough to stop the vehicle, and to enquire who was within. The right reverend and his at tendants were dreadfully shocked at the ap pearance of the armed stranger, and still more at the very peremptory way in which the question waa put, and the bishop gravely answered, 'I am one of God's children.' ' Indeed !' exclaimed Janko, 'the very person I was seeking. You owe me a thousand horses in performance of a promise made long ago, and as I may have no second opportunity of remind ing you of that promise, I will just take your carriage and horses in part payment' This he said with a very stern countenance, upon which the bishop sprung out of the carriage, and with his trembling servants quietly departed, for Janko had placed bis right hand on the handle of his sabre, and seemed to threaten their destruction if there was any hesitation in obeying his man date. So he tied his horse behind the carriage, seated himself on the box, and went on bis vay rejoicing, But the thought occurred to him that the bishop, notwithstanding his assumed resignation, might apply to the magistrate in the next village, and cause him lo be arrested as a highway robber ; so he thought it more prudent to avoid, the highway, and through the alleys of the forest to place some distance between them. The forest was very extensive, and after many hours of travel Janko had not. got halfway through it In fact, he was; a little perplexed, for he did not know his way, and he unexpectedly found himself and his carriage iu a morass, deeper and deeper embedded the more he Bought to ex tricate them. The more the horses plunged about the less seemed the chance of their deliverance, and at hist neither backwards nor forwards could they move. It seemed to Janko as if he were to lose all his pos sessions. Happily, the horse which was behind the carriage was not so thoroughly whelmed in the mud, so Janko managed to get on his back, happy to have the means of getting away, leaving the*' carriage and its conductors in the morass. . . ..- Looking about him with great anxiety, he saw in the wood a herd of swine with their keeper. He thought it would be belt to call on the herdsman to help him in his per plexing plight ; and having released him self, with the assistance of his steed, from the swamp, he rode as fast as he could towards the herdsman; but as he drew nearer and nearer the number of the swine seemed to dimmish — he had been deceived by the distance — and at last he found that only three were in the keeping of the man. But he did not concern himself with this, and earnestly entreated the herdsman to lend a hand, with council and deed. The herdsman but stipulated that Janko should, in the meantime, take charge of the swine. 'I know,1' he said, 'every spot in the morass, its depth and its shallows, as if I had seen the birth and growth of each. Be not anxious, therefore; I will so safely bring out the horses and carriage that not a spot of dirt shall you see upon either. And then he left Janko, to rescue the un fortunate beasts ; but the crafty fellow soon perceived that his three pigs were of far less value tfiau the horses and the car* riage, and that he might make a profitable exchange, as he really knew how to find his way through the rushes. So he mounted the box of the carriage and guided the horses safely to a dry side of the bog ; but flung his hat into what he knew to be the deepest part, where there was a water eddy. He did this in order to convince the possessor of the despoiled property that he and the horses had been drowned, and that any farther, pursuit would be fruitless. . ? . And so he journeyed over hill and dale, while Janko was impatiently expecting bis return. He became weary of waiting ; and all the more weary when, having gone ont of the wood, and looked all around, tor wards the bog,- not a sign could ?? he Bee of carriage, or horse, or .herdsman, .fie lingered for hours, he whistled, hfi shouted, and at last determined to abandon the pigs, to mount his horse, and to ride to the scene of his misadventure. ; Miserable were his feelings, gnat his alarm, when he perceived nothing bat the swineherd's hat floating ou the water. In many places he could perceive the tracks which the wheels of his carriage had left behind ; he followed them as $hey gra dually disappeared, an6T were wholly lost as they entered the deep water, into which his steed sank down to the saddle-girths. This was indeed a warning— all the more alarming when he- saw the hat whirled about by the motion of the eddy, and he lost all heart to pursue his researches fur ther. After many mghs and .Borrowings, he began to think of the safety of himself and his steed, and to congratulate himself that he had been able to rescue so much. He turned back, made his way through the recesses of the forest, and reached a heath «l# where there was a little' hillock, sur rounded by bashes and heather. Upon this hillock he saw a feeble form, which seemed busy in moving from one side to the other, and looked towards him with marked attention. Approaching her, he found she was' a. dark-brown gipsy woman, who hastened towards him, weeping and wringing her hands, and implored him to help her. in her great need. '.' Dear, beautiful, golden gentlemen !' she cried, while her eyes were steadily fixed upon his' costly uniform, ' save me from despair, or you will see me perish at your feet from suffering and sorrow. My husband sent me with a sack of jews'-harps which he had got ready for a tradesman in the city, and on which he had received the money. Tired with the sun's heat and the long journey, I went to the well iu order to quench my thirst, and while I was bending over the opening my sack unfortunately fell into the water. Woe is me !' she said, weeping — ' woe is t me ! Sure I am that if I do not bring back the sack to my husband it will cost me my life ! Help me, golden gentleman t help me ! Heaven will reward you a thou sand- fold.' Janko, whose own misfortunes disposed him to sympathise more- feelini'v with the misfortunes of others, determined to lend any possible assistance to the poor sup plicating women. He remembered, too, the promise of the preacher, aud was so touched with the tears and entreaties of the gipsy that he dismounted from his horse, and said he was quite ready to help her. The well did not appear very deep, eo he undressed himself, gave his uniform, his money, and his steed to the keeping of the woman, until he should have rescued the sack, then tied himself to the rope to which the basket was attached, and lowered himself down into tbe welL The water reached up to his throat : but the well was there as high above the water, and it may easily be believtd that the ascent was far more difficult than the descent had been. Moreover, the spring was so cold that Jauko's teeth began to chatter, and he feared that in a few minutes he might be frozen. Meanwhile he felt about carefully with his feet, to discover the lost bag, and several times he fancied he had reached it ; but he could bring up nothing but bones and stones, which, from time to time, bad fallen into the well. As he could neither find the gipsy's bag, nor bear any longer the cold water, he seized the rope in order to drag himseif up to the top. How terrible was his fright when, after he had mounted only a foot or two, the rope suddenly bruke, and he fell plump into the icy bath. He cried, he cursed, he howled ; but no answer reached his ears. It was the crafty gipsy who had cut the rope in two, had sprung upon his horse, and before Jauko had even thought of as cending, had taken flight with garments and gold. What was he to do in his misery and his abandonment ? He struggled ajainst the brick wall with his stiffened iimbs, held on as well as he could with bands and feet, but fell again to the bottoo. His strength failed him — he had uo longer the power of utterance ; teeth chatUriug and groaning were all that remained to him of life. He lay many hours in this wretched plight, expecting every moment to give up the ghost ; and the more forlorn was his condition as the night began to darken over him, and every ray of hope seemed extinguished in his souL Just at the moment when he was aban doning himself to despair, he heard the tread of a horse and the rolling of wheels near the mouth of the well He cried out with all that remained of his nearly ex tinguished voice. A man answered, and promised to telease him. It was a knacker, who was conveying home a dead horse, who charitably came to Janko's deliver ance. He let down the rope with which the body had been fastened to the car into the well, and dragged up the sufferer into the face of day. Janko first thanked his deliverer with all outpourings of gratitude, and then de livered his cruel betrayer to all the curses of hell, as both his horse and his gold had fled. The curses, indeed, were so violent that they frightened the knacker himself Bat when he had told the sad story of his adventure with the gipsy, the knacker was filled with sympathy and pity. He lent bis cloak to Janko, and offered to take him into his service. Time was when Jauko would have treated with indignation any proposal that he should bfc the servant of a peasant, but now he thanked heaven that he had saved bis fckin, and that he found even a horse-knacker to promise him his daily bread. And so, but somewhat sadly, he accepted the proffered cloak of his master, and followed with silent resigna tion, merely saying, ' As it was won, eo it vat done.' 