CONUNDBUMS. What woven material is geographical ? Baize (bays). If your brother's daughter were turned into stone, of 3\. what formation would she be P Gneiss (niece). When is an officer in the army like the symbol of an un certain quantity in algebra ? When he's an n-sign (ensign). Why is ' was ' like a soldipr's life in war-timfl P Because if spassed in tense. Why is a belief in ghosts like an inferior assistant at a theatre plying the needle P Because its a super- sfftchin'. When are screws like ' four by honours ?' When you give 'em a twist (at whist). Parliament P Because he's an M.P.-raw (emperor}. Supposing a wife beats her husband, and he runs away, \- why is his action like a part of some watches P It is a leave-ber escapement. Why is a com warehouse like Russia P Cos sacks are there. Why is an unkind word from a friend like two cats \- receiving a heating p Because it hurts the feelings (felines). Why is the captain of a forlorn hope, in his selection of men, tike a paviour ? Because he picks the bolder. Why is a Damascus blade like a good-natured man? Because it has a fine temper. Why is the letter L like a priceless gem P Because it is j invaluable. Why is a frustrated scheme like a cigar P Because it ends in smoke. Why is a country bumpkin at the Court of the Tufleries like a mackerel cast ashore upon the Land's End ? Because be feelB like a fish out of water. If you were to hear a gun fired ofl, why are you like a : man who has just been fold of some rumour p Because you bears report. Why is an elephant like captured contraband p Because it's four feet What is the difference between a chattering lover and a ?pedestrian excursion through WalesP One's a talking 'wooer, the other a walking tour. Why are modern ships of war like knights of old? (?Because (hey are dad in armour. ? Why is a butcher cutting up a ram like an engineer con structing a fortification before a city? Because he is imskicg a rampart. Why is a telegram like a rivet P Became it owes its .motion to a current Why is a '''i who asserts his right to a certain letter of the alphabet like one who calls out ? Because he x-claims. _ Why is a man walking on a narrow plank over a deep river like a traveller by train ? Because a rail is necessary. Why is a poker like an angry word P Because it stirs up a smouldering fire. Why does the transposition of two letters constitute all jtte difference between an ostentatious millionaire and a tattered beggar i Because the former is known by the ?bragging of his riches, and the latter by the ragging of his Jtijfeeches. r .Why is a beggar prevented by his name from repairing ?his rents P Because he is a mena-I-can't \- Why is a rich man like a rookery p Because he's certain do have a lot of cawin' about him. Why does a man who never finds time to laugh at all, resemble, nevertheless, the wise man who said there was a rime to laugh as well as a time to weep P Because he's a solemn 'un (Solomon). Why would a handsome present of lobsters be a moral rxmtradiction P Because it weuld be shell-fish generosity. '. Why is a cow that lags behind all the rest as thsy enter the stable like the soul of man ? Beoause she's heifer-hst-in. Why mttsl an analytical chemist be a female P Because ff he isn't an analyzer (Ann Eliza) he must be a charlatan {(Charlotte Ann). j r Why does the obvious course of nature, astronomioally considered, make it impossible for man to escape vicissitudes |-f feeling ? Because it m«fco« every day of his life begin With morning, and mid with the reverse of morning. Why is the crest of the chanticleer of a weathercock like Ioeiied top P Because Its a vane (vain) cockscomb, by is a jester's pate like a period P Because its a i top (full stop). by is a prison like tired Jack P Because its a done (dungeon). ly is every one certain of winning something in a thing match? Because every competitor must have itT6t by do English people dislike oat-cake P Because it is ng to (wh)eat. bo is the beat man at a fish ordinary ? The man who plaice to the rest.. by should a man who eats a steak cooked to perfection a table to hlmsellV Because he can't dine without ig much (mushl- room. hy should a turkey be better dressed than other fowls f use he's nothing without (t)ruffles.. hy is cookery in India absurd P Because they there lot curry Into their (r)ioe. .when is it sn act of yoliteness to leave the table before be pastry is served? When you would be expected to help W man to safy) go pudding. ? ? What is the most common dish at the Foreign Embassy P Suite- padding. I Why was the 'Alabama' like a clever schoolboy? Because she ' cut out ' her opponents, and takes all the prizes. Why is a knock-down blow like a colonist P Because it's i settler. ; How can you ask a man if he is ill in four letters? E U C D (are you seedy p) ? ? Why is cricket unlikely to succeed in future P Because it gas intended for pastime. ' Why is one's father's nose like a well-trained child? -eoausc it is alwaya under u parent's eye. SjWhen may the hand , of a barometer be supposed to ho feaged in commercial transactions P When it is 'on kange.' 