TUNNELS AND TUNNELLING. With onr modern appliances lor tunneldriving, works of this kind are only a matter of money—the engineering difficulties ere more or less easily conqcerea; but it is a puzzle to the modern engineers how the ancients, Jong before gunpowder was known, and often with mere bronae tools, were able to drivetbe subways taey T did , tnrough " V EoLd " rock. iT_.„ ^ Hie jt longest tunnel of the anaentworfdw asth«t constructed by the Emperor , todww . . . the waters of the Fnctnos, now Gelaso, into j the River Liri, is. This wo* work isthreemS£j miles long, in BO place less than twenty feet high^and^is ventilated with tunnel-shafts. Such *' " ! splendid work of the ab^t'Sannibal'snotionof tupnelfing^throtsgb j tbe Alps by the solvent powers of j I calculated that at the present time we have ninety miles of railway- tunnels, or one mile of tunnel to everv hundred and fifry-iour of open rail It is ienerallv supposed that the ! i , — h « r ; o f Box Tnnnel is the ^ " f i this j s an error. Ibe Woodhead Summit i un- Be posseses this honour, ^ ' ^ b ^ tbree B»les and sateen v^wife a ^ientc M S ! AS22SS i hundred and forty yards; the Seve Eaaks, on j the same lice, is three thousand sis hundred vards; and the Bos Tunnel is three thousand two hundred feet in length, but it was the most expensive work ever produced, costing one thousand pounds a yard, or two end a lias obtained permission to construct one from Lower Thames Street to tne opposite side of; the river. It wiU be Efficiently large to , admit a loaded omnibus to pass through it. ; This work, when completed, will be much • more useful than the old tunnel, which was , too far down the river to catch much traffic. | The Metropolitan Railroad, when com- , pleted, will be the line of tunnels. There j will be in its whole length from Kensington ' to Trinity Square, a distance of liftie over six j miles, one-third, or tsvo miles and four huh- 1 dred and fourteen feet of open cuttiug, and a ! little less than two-thirds, or four miles and | one thousand and fifty-six feet, of tunnel. A i great deal has been said respecting the bad , air of this tunnel, or rather series of tunnels: and undoubtedly the worst part of tbe line fs j between LisHsn Grove and' King's Cross, Station, wbere two or three deaths occurred j last year; but it is very doubtful whether it j was owing to the atmospheric impurities. The ; atmosphere has been analysed, and in no case has there been found a deficiency of oxygen, and only a very small per centage of sulphur- [ NNE NJ> NAR^NJIIN firnl 'i'iip mrflnl combustion of the brakes produces a strong-smelling burning wood, but this is by no means deleterious. It is in the words of Doctor Letheby, a pyroligneous carbon-hydrogen, with a small amount of sulphurous gas, which sets asthmatical persons coughing, but that is the only inconvenience it produces; nevertheless, tbe directors are causing openings to he made at the spot where it is mostly felt. But these tunnels are playthings compared with those projected and in progress. It has been proposed to drive a tunnel under the Mersey, between New Brighton and Bootle. This 'Ibis work would be lour four thousand tUousana eight e.gut nun bun- j , dred yards in length, and would cost upwards of three quarters of a million ot money, liut what is a few hundred yards compared to a tunnel tbat shall connect the shores of England and France ? Yet such a work has been seriously contemplated by several well-known engineers, and one of these days will, no doubt, be carried out. Three of these engineers propose to carry a road under tbe narrow sea by means of iron tubes, and another gentleman proposes a tunnel at a great depth. Of the former schemes, those of Mr Chalmers, an Englishman, and M. de Gawmoad, a Frenchman, are the most startling. Mr Chalmers suggests tbe sinking a tube in the Channel, in order to keep which gigantic structure -moored to one spot, be proposes to cover it with an embankment of stones, one hundred and fifty feet wide at the base, and from forty to one hundred and twenty feet below the'level of low water. In this tube of eighteen miles in length there are to be three ventilators, so that passengers are promised breathing-holes at every four and a half miles distance. Mr Chalmers really thinks tbat his iron sub-way would be a great improvement upon the open air structure. This is all very pleasant upon paper, but, we fear, rather difficult to accomplish, in reality. He proposes to build his tube in lengths of four hundred .feet, apd thirty feet in diameter, and to join them under water. This is to be done at a depth of one hundred feet, and at least at a depth of one hundred snd fifty feet below high water mark in a swift tide way,'and is to cost only twelve millions; but then it is to repay the company that undertakes it by yielding a net revenue of one million tbree hundred thousand pounds annually. But Mr Chalmers is quite tuild in Iiis ideas compared with M. de Gaminond. This gentleman, in addition to laying down the tube, suggests a great oceanic station midway in ihe Channel. .Here he proposes to lmve a harbour and basins, into which any home-bound dip might enter, and discharge her passengers by--means of'a huge shaft thrtB handred'ana thirty yards in diameter,; ' taking is estimated td-cost^even imllibn two * dred thousand pounds. So much Tor the , tube ecbeme. Mr George Eemingtpn, spihetttherhand.jsays that the tunnel should •"- driven at a depth of from ninety to one i&rjfed; jBnd thirty feet below die bed of tbe neV mt&nig; a total of eay three hundred ihe sea level. He would cross beleiGrisnez jind Dungeness Point, j |»e^iwoair shafts ofone hundred 1 " 9 whole he estimates on 'jBBVpa lundred and ninety Ddredfraunde. ineseht confined to the ^rittheCreat .Mont Dgjlw^wards comej^apid Bhalf milts in length. joint expense of Italy and France. This great work was commenced on both sides of tbe mountain in 1857, and it was contemplated i«Rt it would not be finished bef. re the year 1873\. At first the excavation was marie wholly by manual labour, but now the boring . process is performed by the most elalorjte " ' machinery, driven by compressed air. Tbe lle overcame is tbe badnws of t f ^ the air, . which ^ pets wcrsc worse a_ as tbe tue m0U3, ccousro.s is ^ pesstrated ^ f, further. n£ The h]astiog blasting occasions occasions v^taccsai'nlstioas of foa! foal ^ air, wuic Langs in gradients ^ ^ t X ^ ^ s t However, 'workmen. The advance is being made from i J-^ j^jjJ^ B^d'thiirty- eight j fZ^ZTthe lefd T ^ M a n d Z X b L j 2nd feet below the summit of the Mont Cenis ^;,onsoi „« railway constracf.oa Engl.sh alwavs duelled to avoid a^^ery sii^bt gra-! . t L a t e D ^ n e s c a D g 0 i a , m0-:nt,in engine, \- rail, enabling^ to ^ « f. - - shuocered to contemplate. would THE ofScid records of tbe .New York Ine- • daughters." j ^ CHINESE GHOST STOAT.—Spiritualism > ^ ^ t0' j, e estendiDg its inflaence to tbe' such is tbe Chinaman's name, states lb? oe fas breakfasting with his mate on tie g ;, Edav morning preceding the last, ami. after a late of rice. ti !e p] ate fell and got c bro^eD j le tbou^ht nothing of tbe circum- ! s(aQcp and j-gpieni^ed another, hut to bis coll£;eraalion this plate also fell and was broken. Tbis Jed l.im to suspect there was Eome jnvsterious influence at work, but be tr5 etl to" forget the circumstance, which lie p.,rtja]]y msnaged to do, till following bis maIe t0 Ararat to visit tbe Chinese Cam]), w|jen be fell down twice, and, after risiDg, ) ie6rlj himself called into tbe bush. Ultimately jj e c|j e_ved the call, notwithstanding tbat bis better nature warned him cot to comply : and f ivm ti,;= ti me) for 24 hours, his mate and all jj ne3r bim, lost any knowledge of iiis thereabouts. At the expiration of the time be arrived in a wild und excited state, having i ost one gj 10e aDd sockj and bearing upon bis Ej 10U] (j el. a )j UEli, in which the spirit was p} an* c.j ; find which tbe bearer alone was able tQ gee a' D(j e0Dv erse with. Tbe victim of the 6llirit is n0, 7 considerably calmed down : but i :«• R.*,T- mn.d it ic nnt nt. nil unlikel tbat he will be placed within tbe precincts of a strong building, where spirits in other than a liquid form are not in tbe habit of entering. THE WILD RABBIT NUISANCE IN VIC- TOHJA.—The wild rabbits have increased to such an extent at the Warrion Hills, near Colac, and destroy so much grass on the purchased lands in that locality, tbat tbe proprietors have commenced a war of extermination against them, and for tbis purpose Mr William Robertson has for some time past had a small army engaged in their destruction. There are now eightv-five men camped on tbe tent ^nd a butcher and baker are P fully employed > administering to their ne- cessities, and it takes four bullocks weekly to feed them, besides an unknown quantity o) flour. Tbe rabbits have taken possession of tbe deserted wombat holes, which are very numerous, and tbe ramifications of these burrows extend a considerable distance under ground, and owing to the rocky nature of the land cannot be dug as on sandy soil. The wombat constructs a deep burrow against tbe stratified rock, always selecting a spot in which the natural rock forms a lintel to their boles, and tbe flat surface of tbe rock appears like a straight wall above. The rabbit-killers have been busily employed inJjlocking up the entrance holes with stones, and then partially fill up thp burrows with soil t it was thought the rabbits would in tbis manner get smothered, as it was supposed they would not burrow perpendicularly to the surface; this, howerer, they have done, and the animals are killed as they attempt to escape, in traps or otherwise. Mr. Robertson estimates tbat the new year will have arrived before he considers the work Aril be done, and that an expenditure of between three and four thousand pounds will have been entailed. The richly-grassed lands of tbe Warrions have been famed for the fat cattle they have produced, hot since the land has been so infested by tbe rabbits, it is as much as tbe cattle can do to exist, and flocks of sbeep have been starved out. Dr. Stodart and Mr. Andrew Murray have also a number of men engaged in destroying these destructive animals.—Gedang Advertiser. INTERCOLONIAL COIIRESPONUENCE.—It is not so generally known as it ought to be, says the Adelaide Observer, that intercolonial correspondence can now be earned on by means of twopenny instead of sixpenny stamps—and iu the case at least of Victoria, with equal, and sometimes even greater dis- patch. The overland mail for Melbourne closes at the General Post Office, Adelaide, at 7.30. pjn. on Tuesdays, Thursdays, aud Saturdays, arriving at its destination on the fourth day. For all letters thus posted to any place within the colony of Victoria a twopenny stamp is sufficient., The overland mail for Adelaide is made up in Melbourne on .the same days: but it closes at 5.30. p.m. and the charge is only twopence. A letter posted in South Australia for any place in New South Wales, and marked " overland via Melbourne," must have on it a sixpenny stamp in addition to die twopenny, and audi Jettfer^ill be foPwarded from Melbourne by the first steamer. Correspondence can, however, be cari-ied on between South Australia and New South Wales at.tbe twopenny rote by marking the letters "overland, via Wentworth." The Wentworth mail Is made np in Adelaide every Thursday morning for the first Northern train, and closes at 6.30. Letters by this route reach Sydney in II or 12 days. Newspapers eo free bv tile overland mail to Victoriii, and ' - • „ - t - W 