A GHOST AT A TELEGRAPH STA- TION. (H. F. in 'Starlight Readings.') I AM not a believer in ghosts; and though I confess I have my misgivings respecting the late lamented Marley's spirit as set forth by Mr. Dickens, I cannot say that I am entitled to rank among the "spiritual- ists" of the present day. However, not withstanding my scepticism, the tale I am about to relate made a strong impression on me, as the incidents bore the stamp of truthfulness. I will endeavour to ^ make my readers acquainted with the circum stances, and leavejtbem to draw their own conclusions, merely®premising that I have no reason to doubt the veracity of the narra tor, who recorded the facts as his own ex perience. Two summers ago, I had intended taking a short tour in Ireland. It was the close of the week; all my arrangements were made for a start on the following Monday, and I had just despatched a letter to my friends to apprise them of the time I expected to arrive at the Irish capital, when a sudden piece of news compelled me to postpone my visit. Next morning, after breakfast, I deter mined (Sunday though it was) to set off to H to inform my Irish friends by tele graph of my detention in London, and my inability to start next day, as arranged. Passing through the village I soon entered the station, the silence of which was very striking compared with its nsnal bustling, week-day appearance. No busy porters trundled heavily-laden trucks, no screaming whistle or clanging bell gave no tice of an approaching train, and the offices were all closed. At last I unearthed a greasy-looking porter from a lamp-shed, who, in reply to my enquiry respecting the transmission of a telegram, informed me that the clerk wasn't in attendance od Sun days, and if X wanted him I must fetch him from his house, which stood at the fur ther end of the village, and beyond the lit tle church, whose golden weathercock I could see looming through the trees at some distance. By no means pleased at this addition to my walk, I obtained the requisite information which enabled me to find the clerk's residence, and set off on my expedition. Ten minutes brought me to the churchyard, through which a number of the villagers were rambling previous to the opening of the churchdoors; and passing on, 1 soon arrived at the house I was in quest of. In reply to my knock, a little girl opened the door, and in answer to my remark respecting the telegram, I was ushered into the presence of the individual of whom I was in search. A few words ex plained my business, and we were soon en route. My companion, being of a com municative turn of mind, gave me glimpses of village gossip as we proceeded slowly to wards the railway station, whence, in a few minutes more," my message was flashed to the bead office in London. *' I suppose you did not expect to be dis turbed on Sunday morning," said I, as I paid for the message and prepared for my departure. " No, I did not," replied the clerk, " for never was wanted but once before on a Sunday, and that wasn't by man, woman, or child either. " No 3 by whom, then ?" I asked, with a smile. " Well, sir, I know you'll laugh if I tell yon what I think, but I always say it was ; a ghost that called me up that morning." "A ghost!" said I, "do you believe in ghosts ?" " Well, yon see, I don't and I do, if you understand me. I think there are times when spirits are permitted to come to us, and I fancy that my ghost was a true one." " Did the ghost come to warn you then ?" I asked. " No, not exactly; it came to me to send a telegram." This was more than my gravity conld endure, and I burst into a fit of laughter. " I knew you'd laugh," Baid tbe clerk, smiling himself; " but I assure you it's a fact." "Did tbe ghost send a message to its body, then?" I managed t soon aB I bad in some degree recovered breath. _ j " No, sir, not that; but it sent & message j for a body," was tbe reply. " I should very much like to hear the circumstances," said I, " if you will tell me them; though I do not believe in ghosts generally." " Well sir, if you really wish to hear the story, this is how it wasand seating him self upon the office stool, the clerk com menced as follows—" It was one Saturday evening, just after I came here, that I was detained very late, having a lot of business to clear up, aud so when I went to bed, I was asleep in a miDute, and, contrary to my custom, began to dream. I thought, sir, that some one was thumping at the bed room door, and, though I repeatedly called to the person to come in, tbe door remained shut. At laBt, impatient of delay, I fancied I jpmped up and looked out, bat no one was^lo be seen outside tbe door. I forget exactly what came next, but it was some thing connected with the telegraph here, ; and then I heard a woman's voice call out •Lockhart,* twice. Then came moreham meriog, and I awoke, but the knocking still continued. Convinced that this was the noise I bad beard in my dream, 1 hastily put on a few things and went to the door to enquire the reason of tbe disturbance. Re cognising the voice of one of the railway poTters, I opened the door, when the man informed me that the telegraph bell was ringing like mad, and that he was afraid something was the matter. "It was pretty light by this time, sol dressed and hastened to thestatioD, whither the porter had returned. As I entered the office I heard the bell begin to riDg, and as I approached tbe instrument I conld see the needles were in violent action. " Signalising that I was in attendance, I waited the message, which was from N , and to the effect that a collision had oc curred near that place, which is, as I dare say you know, about eight miles off, and I was to send assistance at once. I imme- j diately despatched messages to the Btation- ( master and the doctors here, gave orders that the porters should be called, and then, taking upon myself to stop a down goods which now appeared in sight, I pressed the engine into my service. By the time the doctors had arrived, I. had shunted the •goods' and got a train of carriages and some trucks ready on the down line, and had replied to N that assistance was coming, and that the down trains had been stopped. " I had not been seated long at my desk after this when the door opened, and a very pretty, though extremely pale and fragile lookiug girl, entered. She was dressed in a shepherd's plaid travelling costume, and seemed ill and weak. Silently she took from the window one of the telegram forms which lay there, as you see them now, sir, and, after writing something, handed the message to me. She then turned slowly round, and left the place without a word, or even raising her eyes from the ground. Astonished at her sudden appearance and departure, 1 ran to the window to 6ee which way she had gone, but I could perceive no trace of ber in any direction. I had me chanically retained the paper she had placed in my hand, and it now occurred to me that the lady, whoever she might be, had forgotten to pay for the transmission of the message. I therefore Tan out and ques tioned the porter at the gate as to who my visitor was, thinking, as she was probably a resident, he had recognised her; but to my astonishment he declared that no one had passed him, which she must have done to enter or leave the. station. Convinced that he was mistaken, and had left his wicket open, I said as mncb, and some angry words ensued. Concluding, however, that the message was in some way con nected with the accident, I returned to tele graph it; but fancy my astonishment when, upon glancing over the paper, I perceived the name of ' Lockhart,' the same I bad heard repeated in my dream that morning, and which had then been, I now recol lected, somehow connected with the tele graph. " Determined to see the end of this ex traordinary coincidence, I despatched the telegram, which was as follows :— '"From Amy Lockhart to N. Lockhart, Esq, St. John's Wood. A collision has occurred at N . Come at once.'" " I was more astonished than before at the contents of the message. The fact of Miss Lockhart having traversed the dis tance (quite eight miles) between the scene of the collision and this place in so short a time appeared miraculous. I pondered upon this until the whistling of an approaching train aroused me from my reverie. Upon going out upon the platform I fonnd that the train had Temoved from IT—— with some of the sufferers by the collision. I assisted to convey those hurt to the carriages waiting to receive them, and never shall I forget the sight that pre sented itself that day; but I will not hor rify you by detailing the appearance of the shattered and helpless forms of the un fortunate passengers, who were carefully bestowed in the several conveyances, and driven slowly to the hotels, where prepa rations had already been made for their re ception. "All were out of the carriages, as I fancied, when I was called to the rear of the train by the station-master, and upon looking into the' break' van to enquire the I reason of the summons, I recoiled with ( horror, for lying upon the floor of the car riage were three persons (two women and a man) quite dead. One of the women must have expired instantly, aB it was evident the back waB broken, but upon the faces of the others no traces of pain were visible. " Aa I leant forward to ofler any assist ance in my power, my eyeB fell upon the features of the youngest of these two fe males, and I drew back in horrified amaze ment, for in the still and resigned face before me I immediately recognised the linea ments of the young lady who had come to my office a short time previous to the ar rival of the train. " When I saw the young lady's body, I was, as you may imagine, shocked beyond expression, and quite unable to assist in removing it with the otberB, from the van. Mr. V (the station-master), doubtless imagining that the sight had unmanned me, desired me to return to the office and not attend to anything farther. " The three bodies were subsequently con veyed to the Railway Hotel to await the inquest, and in the meantime I made the station-master acquainted with the circum stances relating to the sudden appearance of the young lady. He was at first inclined to treat the afiair as a delusion, but when I showed him the paper he was fairly puz zled, and said we had better wait and see if Mr. Lockhart came down in reply to the telegram. ... , " A train from London arrived here early in the afternoon, and sure enough, sir, one of the first to alight and make enquiries respecting the accident was a gentleman who said bis name was Lockhart, and that he had been summoned from London by a telegram he had received at Mb residence that morning. He enquired who had sent the tele gram, and was referred to me. He then made enquiries for bis daughter, who he was afraid must have* sustained some slight injury, and expressed a wish to see her imme diately. I then, apologising for the ques tion, asked him in return what his daugh ter's appearance was. He told me, pale, tall, and probably dressed in half-mourning. I was afraid to tell him that I feared the worst (for remember, sir, I had no proof that the young lady I had seen in the van was Miss Lockhart; it was only the coin cidence of the telegram that made me fancy it was she.) I, therefore, referred him to the hotel, where a number of people who had come down were already clamouring to gain some information respecting friends and neighbours. I was more sorry for Mr. Lockhart, I can tell you, sir, be seemed to take on so, and wbeD he beard for certain that his daughter was dead, they told me be fell down id a St. " She was his only child, and had never left him 6ince her mother's death, till a month before, and she was returning from avisit at the house of an old friend when she was so suddenly cut off. " Mr. Lockhart was ill for some weeks, and never saw his poor daughter after the day of the accident. "She was buried in the little church yard over there long before he recovered from his illness. "The other sufferers had all been re moved by their friends, but it was sad to think that poor Miss Lockhart was bcrne to the grave, while her only relative near was lying at death's door, and she was carried to her last long rest by strangers. "Mr. Lockhart recovered after many weeks, and he frequently comes here now, sir, to see his daughter's grave in the little churchyard. " He questioned me about the telegram, and I told him all as it bad occurred. He has been very kind to me, and says he is convinced that it was the spirit of his daughter that came to inform him of the accident; and, indeed, sir, I can give no other explanation of the sudden appearance of the young lady that morning. I've got the telegram at home now, and you can see it any day you wish, sir. That's all about my ghost, and don't you consider I am justified in thinking that spirits are per mitted to visit the earth at times ?" " I confess," said I, " that your story has impressed me very strongly, and ^ am much obliged to you for your narrative. " Well," Teplied the clerk, rising from the stool oii which he had hitherto been seated, "all I can say is I have told you a true story, and I can show you the young lady's grave in the churchyard^ and the telegraph paper, which I have still retained. Curious to see the ghoBtly record, I con sented to accompany him, and having made all secure, the clerk led the way from the station, end by crossing a field we soon reached the churchyard. Here my con- j doctor struck into a retired path, and pass- : ing behind the church from whose open windows DOured the full tide of praise from I the congregation assembled within the an- ! cient walls, we paused in front of a small grave, upon the headstone of which I read the name of Amy Lockbart, and the date and manner of her early death. " Now, sir," said the clerk, " if you please to accc^?uaoy me home, 1 will let you see cam." we reached the house my com >ened the door with a latch-bey, jmall sitting room on the ground Boor, and opening a little cabinet which stood at the further corner of the room, took thence a paper, which he handed to me, I turned to the window, for the characters were small and delicate, and read the contents of the telegram, which were word for word as my companion had stated them to be. Many times since have I puzzled over the story I have just related, but I have never yet been able to arrive at any satisfactory solution of the mystery contained in the telegraph clerk's narrative told at H— upon that Sunday morning. 