QUEENSLAND. Murder by Blacks in the North—Mr. J. Hall Scott sends the following to the Port Denison Times:—" It is my painful duty to inform you that two Polynesian laborers have been murdered by the native blacks upon this station. I happened to get to the hut about a quarter of an hour after it happened ; it is situated six miles from the head station. I found Lawie dreadfully wounded, but not dead. He told me the native blacks, about fifteen in number, attacked himself and the other boy, Killkill, in the hut after dinner. When he saw he could not escape, he sat down as a token of submission, but it had no effect ; he received four spear wounds and one dreadful cut above the right temple, as well as several others in the head. I had him con- veyed to the head station, where he died next day. The boy Killkill I could not find at first. Lawie said he must be dead. He was found in the evening in a small hut at a little distance. He was not dead, but in a pitiable state. I sent men to carry him home. He asked for a drink ; they gave him a liltle spirits and water, and he afterwards died in their arms." Trade Between Gladstone and New Cale- donia. — There is some talk in town (says the Gladstone Observer) about the probability of a trade being opened up with our French neighbors. It is stated on good authority that a letter has been received by the manager of a station, from a Sydney firm under contract to supply the French garrison at New Caledonia, inquiring on what terms cattle could be shipped from this port. As there must be about 4000 troops on the island, such a trade would be a most desirable addition to our commerce, and perhaps lead to an extension in other directions. Mail Communication via Torres Straits — The Brisbane Chamber of Commerce has adopted the report of a sub- committee of the chamber, enunciating the opinion tliat a four weekly postal service with Europe could be established at a moderate cost via Torres Straits and Bstsvia, and provided the colony of New South Wales will bear its fair propor- tion of expense ; expressing the belief that it will be for the interest of Queensland if the Government devote its energies to the esta- blishment of such service, withdrawing from the Suez line and leaving it to be supported by those colonies which derive most benefit from it. Copies of the report will be sent to the Postmaster General of Queensland. Cape Yoiik.- -Captain Godfrey, of the Active, schooner, which arrived at Brisbane from Cape York via King George's Sound, reports that Mr Jordan, the magistrate, informed him that all the stores, clothing, arms, and amunition had been forcibly carried off by the natives, aad that one maa bad been shot. Captain God- frey supplied the wants of the party at Cape York to the best of his ability, but they were anxious to obtain supplies as soon as possible. The Mock Count. — The Brisbane Courier contains the following paragrah : — " It is pretty well known that the illustrious stranger who lately honored our poor city with his presence, under the style, title and dignity of the Count von Attems, is the individual who, in our Sydney telegram on Tuesday, was said to have obtained large advances ib that city on fictitious papers. We are sorry to say that he managed during his short stay here to walk into the good graces of some of our citizens, and to make rather heavy drafts on their bankers. His countship, it will be remem- bered, left Brisbane in that renowned craft the Hamlet's Ghost, the history of which ves- sel ought to be written some day ; and he has last been heard ot at Clevelaud Bay. A war- rant is out for his apprehension, and troopers have been despatched overland from Port Denison to secure him if possible before he makes a descent on our friends in Batavia. We failed to notice the Count as he deserved when he was in Brisbane, but should be visit us again, especially with the order which the Sheriff of Queensland desires to confer on him on his breast, and Mr Seymour's decorations at his wrist, we shall endeavor to make amends for our former neglect of Son Altesse." The Count at Cleveland Bay, — The Cleveland Bay Express of the 1st says: — " Among the new arrivals this week we have the pleasure of announcing that of Count Von Attems. This nobleman is taking a tour for pleasure, and arrived here on Thursday last in his splendid yaoht Hamlet's Ghost. This beautiful little vessel is without exception the prettiest model we remember to have seen on our waters. The Count last evening enter- tained several of our leading townsmen with a supper at Wills's Hotel." 