Sydney, Monday, G p.m. Shallow water has been observed many milos oft" the coast, supposed to be the result of tho recent sub- terranean distuibunces. Captain l'encock, Into of Sydney, and well-known amongst tho mercantile marine, recently died in New Zealand. A rather severe accident occurred on tho Groat Southern Kailway, on Friday last, near Marulan-one man being killed and ono wounded. The bnrn.no Alcandía, Captain Eddie, from New- castle, Now South Wales, tho 1th instant, with a cargo of coals, reports having encountered n fearful whirlwind off Cnpo Howe. The whirlwind was succeeded by a calm. A gale next followed, lu which tho Alcandrii lost a portion of her bulwarks and had n boat stove in. Mr. John Fairfax, has commenced an action ngaintt Mr. Frederick Lee, for defamation of character, arising out of n letter published hy Mr. LEE, in vindication of the life of tho late Hr. Uland, nnd headed tho "Tyranny of the .Sydney Morning Herald." Mr. llinnirmn, n supernumerary of tbp Herald, was brought boforo Ibo Sydney Bench on Monday last, charged with threatening to horsewhip Mr. Fri dei ick Lee for lu's placard in reference to the obituary notice of thc Herald of Dr. Uland, but on Mr. Lee admitting that ho was not nfruid of Mr. Hinnigan, tho latter was discharged. Mr. liichard Hill and Mr. S, Lyons, ara candidates for Cnntcibury, Tho Queensland Parliament is about being dissolved.- \ ' \ Intelligence having been received Hint tho Maories defeated a hundred and thirty-Europeans, frosh nows nnunuiiccs that the'., Maories were subsequently checked. , Thero havo been extensive sales of Californian flour nt Xl" per ton, cash. Air. Uuncnri H business is still unsettled. Tho Victorian Parliament lins passed, tho estimules. Thc Church of England Synod has boon closed. Mr, A. Brewer, a clerk in tho Insolvent Court, has been committed for trial for embezzlement. A correspondent of the Empire hears that a chal- lenge lins been sent to England hy our champion rower, Mr. Hickoy, to row any mau in tho world fur £500. It is expected that £000 w ill be raised in nnd nbnut the district of "Newcastle, to assist tho proerictors of the Freeman'! Journal in'carrying on thc action with the Government 1 Mr, John Eames has been appointed telegraph station-master nt Inverell. Coquette has returned to ber old form, and is a strong fiivottrito for the Derby. Tho Barb, who ls supposed to ho tho stable representative, is in great demand for tho Metropolitan Stakes. Tim Whinier is also well supported for the samo rnco. Tho livening News says:-By tho arrival of tho steamer Saxonia, some further intelligence lins reached Sydney, of tho payings vand\ doings of tho pseudo Count Von Atteins, the ownor'nf tho yacht Hamlet's Ghost. The yacht arrived nt Cleveland Bay, on tho 281 li of July, and tho adventuter wau lionised to tho extremo. Ile was a rriiest whom everyone delighted to honour on board the Saxonia, spnko patronisingly of his Sydney frinds, and announced lils intention of completing his cruise by returning to l'ort Jiiekson, on tho 3rd instant, as he expected nit Austrian war vessel would shortly call nt tho station, to convey him to Europe. Tho Catholic authorities declino retaining Count Von Attcm's donation to St, Mary's Cathedral. Mr. Lricy, of Gocup, nenr Gundagai, died lately, apparently from the effects "of strychnine, bul by whom administered does not appear. MKI.IIOUIINB, SATunnAY.^rTlio Crown declines to prosecute Mr. Flanagan, tho orchitect, charged with perjury.-Mr. Jones intends tiling nn information against Mr. Alexander.-In tho ease of Wade v. linker, Judge Molesworth dcelnretl the marrlngo void, ns linker was married to tho sister of his former wife, deceased.-MONDAY.-At», tho Sessions, Nellly and Benjamin's^, trinlswcrti postpone}!, till next month. Higgins made tho running easily lu tho foot rnco, until the finish, when ho,fell, allowing Houlahan tn hrenst tho handkerchief first.-Tho Melbourne Hunt Club lind a good run ofter n deer, on Saturday. Dunedin advices report thal thc Lapwing hud sailed for Fiji, with passengers and a printing press. Tho ttloton railway was handed ovor to tho Uovcrn \- ... '. Auckland dates aro to tho first August. Maori troublos aro looking darker.-TUESDAY.-Tho Corporation Intend roofing in tho Western Market, for a corn exchange.-At tito exhibition of presorved meats, at Geelong, tho judges gave tho palm to nitchie. Manning's moat wont bud tho day after it was oponed,-A man nnmedx.Wlllliim Douglas has been arrested nt Sandhurst, ort suspicion of murder- ing a woman -A yoting man, named Power, lately from Sydney, lins boon committed for trial for stealing a watch ; he had proviotnly given ovldenco against Martin Jonas, who stands committed for thc ; same robbery. j 