PUNCH IN PARLIAMTNT. Tuesday, December 8th, 1868. Mr. Speaker took the Chair, with a very languid air, as if he really were completely weary, by anticipation, of the dreary occupation in store for him, deeming it a bore for him. He loudly sighed for Christmas-tide, and then, with melancholy grin, announced "all ready to begin." The usual ceremonies, including "taking the oath," having been duly performed by the new ministers, they took their seats on the Government benches, where they looked very much like the pro verbial flies in amber. Mr. Speaker announced that the Queen had sent a copy of each of her two books to the Parliamentary library. They had been placed on the shelves, and anybody who dared to lay his dirty paws upon them would be booked for prosecution under the Treason Felony Act. Mr. Robertson rose to make his Ministerial statement. He com menced by stating that he had no intention of divulging any of those inviolable State secrets which had already been made public in the Government Gazette , as to whom was who or who was whom, in the present administration. It was sufficient for him to say they were " all there " in every sense of that pronoun cum adverb. Mr. Speaker implored Mr. Robertson not to speak double Dutch. Who could possibly understand his pronnikumbadword ? Mr. Robertson apologised, and proceeded with his explanation, which amounted to this, that if the country only waited long enough, he hoped to be one of these days in a position to do away with taxation altogether. However, this, like the building of Rome, was a work of time. Meanwhile the Government meant to go in for a gradual abolition of the High Cockalorum Duties. ("Gradual?" from Piddington.) Yes, Jee-har-hay-dee-hu-hay-hel, gradual — gradual as the mental perceptiveness which first awakened in Pid- dington's mind the notion that nature ever intended him for a stationer — he meant station-master — he should say statesman. Well, to continue — Free trade should be encouraged, and in a short time everybody be compelled to let everybody have everything for nothing. (Immense cheering.) The Land and Education bills should not be interfered with, except where they required complete alteration. The tax should be taken off newspapers, the Government Gazette should have a column of original puzzles and riddles propounded by him self and colleagues for the amusement and mystification of its readers, and every newspaper proprietor in the country should be compelled to issue his paper for nothing. (Garrett was here observed to pinch Forster and rush out to the refreshment room, looking as if his "life" was in greater danger even than when on board the steamer Young Yags, when he and the Postmaster nearly made a stamp-ede to the bottom.) Henceforth the ministers would eschew individual action, and do everything they had to do together — they would eat together, drink together, sleep together, swim together, sink together, live to gether, and die together. But as these arrangements, would involve a trifling expense to set them going, his hon. brother Samuel would lay an Estimate of the same on the table to-morrow, make his financial statement on Tuesday, which they could agree to on Wednesday, have a spree on Thursday, and adjourn on Friday to prepare for their Christmas solemnities. Mr. Parkes was so struck by the force, truthfulness, and bonhommie of the Premier's remarks, that he felt it his duty to move "want of confidence " in them the next to-morrow as ever was. Mr. Macleay jumped up and, speaking at Parkes, requested Robertson to do him the favor of being so kind as to allow him (Mr. M. ) to ask him (Mr. R. ) a few conundrums. 1st— Is the Government aware of the existence of any dead man who was killed with the knowledge of that Government? 2nd — Did the Inspector-General ever make any report of the intention of anybody to shoot Prince Alfred, Mr. Parkes, Mr. Dignam, or any other member of the Royal Family ? 3rd — If so, would the Government object to produce "anybody's" carte de visile, one of his socks, a lock of his hair portmanteau, or some other personality by which he might be recognised ? 4th — Are the Government in possession of any verbal evidence from the dead man's lips in reference to his murder, or have they any posthumous document signed by the same party in proof thereof ? or, lastly, are they prepared to produce the victim and let him, himself, tell who murdered him, and whether he objected to the operation ? 5th — Are the Government in possession of any evidence to prove that they knew all about the murder from any gentleman or lady who may have graced the scene with his or her presence, and if so, have they (the Government) kept it "dark," because it was a dark transaction, and ought not to be treated lightly ? 6th— Did anybody lose anybody, and subsequently did anybody find any body, and if so did anybody produce any body anybody found ; and, lastly, in what public office was the body (of the evidence) deposited ? 7th — Are the Government aware whether the proprietors of the Australian Journal ever received the manuscript of a sensation romance entitled "'Enery the 'Orror struck, or the Kidaverous Korpse," which was set up in type, and subsequently sup-pressed by the author, on the ground that a portion of the fiction was very weak, and unless he could devise some means of strengthening it he would withdraw it altogether ? and finally, do they know that he never paid a half-penny towards the expense of setting it up ? Mr. Robertson replied, comprehensively, " No savvy." The only body he knew of was the Ministerial "body," of which he was the head, and, Heaven be praised, that was alive, alive, alive oh ! A number of other riddles were then propounded by ingenious members on miscellaneous subjects until an hon. member proposed they should adjourn and "take a drink." Mr. Gabrett objected on the ground that it was against standing orders; now that there was "want of confidence" associated with the Ministry they might not get "tick" at the bar, and everyone would have to pay for his own liquid. The House did adjourn however, and hon. members went home to dream of the amusing programme prepared for their next day's enter tainment, namely, the comedy of "Want of Confidence," the melo drama of "The Murder of Duncan," and the side-splitting burlesque of " Have you seen the Ghost ? or, 'Enery in Hagonies." 