ST. ANDREWS .PRESBYTERIAN OnUROH. SOIREE AND PUBLIC MEETING. On last Wodnesday evening, the second nnnnal soiree sinco the induclion.of the Rev.- John Gibson to the ministerial chargo of the Presbytorians jf Yass and surrounding districts, took place in a comfortnblo pavilion eroded nt tho rear of the church. The tables were provided and presided over by ladies of tho congregation, and about ono hundred nnd fifty persons enjoyed themselves nt tea. &o.; Tho arrangements were of a most satis factory description, and the large number present wcro comfortably seated, and readily supplied with all the usual delicacies provided at such gatherings. Shortly heforo oiglit o'clock those present as sembled in the church, which was completely filled by a largo and most- respectable audience. The chair was taken by the Rev. Mr Gibson, who opened the proceedings with prayer, &o.; The rev. ohnirmnti stated that the object of the soiree and of tho meeting that evening was to endeavour to have the debt on tho church re duced. Last year's soiroe and meeting resulted in their being able to reduce the debt by 602.: there still remained 1002. to pay. nnd ho trusted their liberality that evening would put it in tho power of the congregation to reduce tho debt considerably. The progress made by the congregation during the past year h id been very great : lamps had been placed in the church, additional ground suitable for a manse had been conveyed, a lnrge and beautifully-situated piece of ground had been given for a cemetery, and had been fenced nnd paled, a Sunday-school liad been established, in which there wns nn attendance of nearly forty children, a new harmonium had been purchased and placed in tho church, and their financial affairs were prosperous— the entire amount collected during the. past year, including tho special sub scriptions for tho harmonium, having exceeded 4252\. (Appjauso.) They had cause for deep grati tude for the prosperity that had attended them ; but much remained to be done: and as all the expenses connected with the church had to be met by voluntary contributions, ic was necessary that these efforts should be continuous and regulnr. The congregation, of which St. Androw's was tho centre, wns not confined to Yass. as there were nine out- siations, each regularly visited by him (the chairman), and at which tho attendance at the services was considerable. Having acknowledged tho great kindness and hospitnlity.he invariably met with in hiB wnnderings in tho bush, nnd ex plained the cnuse of the absence of the Rev, Mr Dowson. the Rev. Mr Ross, nnd the Rev. Mr Craig, tho rev. spenkcr callod on The Rev. John Cameron, who stated that ha had been' quite unexpectedly called on to nttend the meeting, ns he had visited Yass merely to nttend the meeting of Presbytery, and had been in hopes of hnving got a considerable distanco on his re turn journey to Young by that timo. As it was. his having remained would entail the necessity of a night journey, for ho had mndo engagements which rendered it necessary he should be nt Young and Grenfell at a particular timo. However, ho was very glad to be there, and rejoiced to see so largo a meeting. Ho hoped those presont would keep before their minds the object of the meeting, and by tho largeness of their contributions show that such gatherings were not held in vain. It wns pleasing to learn that peoplo of other denomi nations so cordially assisted tho Presbyterians of Yass, nnd that nil mot together in harmony, peace, and concord. Tho rev. gentleman then contrasted the difficulties experienced on a gold-field with tho duties of a minister in ft more settlod community, expressed tho wonder he fait when ho first visited Young and Grenfell ns minister, and remarked that these places had greatly fallen off in prosperity oven during the twelve month ho had officiated thorn, and concluded by urging liberality in their contributions, ns dobt of whatever extent was always felt to ho a burden. The rev. chairmnn then called on The Rev. Mr Lillingston, .who, after some jocose remarks as to the Rev. Mr Cameron's anxiety to retiirn home, snid he would now address himself to the object of the meeting, nnd whilo he offered to them his sincere congratulationson tho progress they were making, and on tho union which existed be tween the rev. chairman and his people, I10 desired also to tell them why ho had groat plensure in being thero on that occnsion. And first of all he thought that it ought always to bo a duty and a' pleasure for all true Christians to express brotherly love nnd truo sympathy with ono another : nnd while he was thinking of this, ho had met with a very strong illustration of his subject in reading the seoond lesson for morning service in his church last Sun day morning. In the 0th of St. Mark they would find the incident to which he nlluded, where two of our Lord's disciples. who seemed to hnve been led away for a time by the same spirit of sectarian narrowness which is now often exhibited, came to him and hoastod that they had rebuked one whom they had'seen " casting out devils in our Lord's name, beoause he followed not us." They would re member how our Lord instantly rebuked his dis ciples for the sectarian feeling they had displayed, and added this as an axiom of Elia kingdom, " Ho that is not against us, is on our part." He (Mr Lillingston)' thought that this truth ought to bo more constantly before our minds, nnd ought to lead us to do- all in our power to draw closer together all who really loved our Lord Jesus Christ. (Applause.) He would now tell thorn another renson why he was glad to ho ftmongst them on that occasion. nnd mention nnother bond of sympathy which he thought, especially in those days, ought to be drawn oloser. nnd be more frequently dwelt upon. And this wns the fact that they were fellow Protestants. Fie thought they ought not to be so timid as they sometimes seemed in speaking of tho Reformation, and that they ought more constantly nnd more frequently dwell upon the principles of oivil nnd religious liberty which wore then enunciated. This ought to draw closer together the Church of England and tho Presbyterian Church. (Applause ) He looked into tho page of history, and what did he find. He saw two sisters, first one, and then shortly nfter the other, emerging from what they considered the night of darkness, into the glorious open light of the free gospel of our Lord Jesus Christ. One was olothed in whito, which to them might represent the surplice, the other wns clothed in another hue — but ought that to separate them P One was under tho guidance of Knox, a noblo hero in God's army, tho other under Cranmer, Ridley, and Lntimer; ono took her course through England, the other through the sister laud of Scotland, And side by side for more than 300 yearB those two noble sisters hayo been doing God's work— side by side they had carried tho torch of truth, had tnught sinners of a dying Saviour, had led men to give up sin and turn to holiness, had comforted the dying and pointed to that glorious time when Christ should come in triumph to call his own to himself. (Loud applause.) And now thnt those two fair sisters had met together on one common shore far away from their native land, why should they bo estranged? No; let them join together, the Highland regiment and the Lowland regiment, under the same banner and fight against the common foe. (Applause.) He did not wish, to say anything personally offensive to anyone, but ho would tell them this, that a time was coming when there was urgent r.eed for this union -(applause) —when all Protestants should band themselves together to defend those truths and principles which thoyheld in common. (Loud applause.) For this reason he wns glad to bo with them, and he hoped from whnt he saw that night that whenever the time camo tliey should be found together willing to Buffer or to die in defence of those gloriouB prin ciples of tho reformation for which their fathers fought and bled and died. (Renewed applause.) Tho rev. gcntlemnn concluded by calling on those present to assist in exorcising the ghost of dobt which stiH remained on St. Andrew's Ohureh. and resumed his seat amidst loud and continued ap plause. Mr G. Lawson proposed a vote of thanks to the ladies and gentlemen who hnd provided nnd assisted in making the arrangements for tho soiree. Mr AVntson seconded the motion, which whs carried amidst cheers. Mr Lawson then proposed that the thanks of the congregation ho accorded to tho Rev. Mr Lillingston tho Rev. Mr Cameron, and tho other visitors. ' Mr Georgo Donnld seconded the motion, which wns carried with npplaiiRO. A hymn was then sung, nnd tho meeting dis persed about hnlf-pnst nino o'olouk. presentation to mrs gidson.- treat to tub souolars atthndino tub sunday and day schools. On F|ji day tho children attending tho Sunday nnd day schools in connection with St, Andrew's Churoh were treated to n pio-nio. which was largely attended; nnd the youngsters enjoyed themsolves amazingly. Abundance ol onkos. s'weot- meats. and fruits were provided, and the pleasure of tho day was enhanced by the teachers and scholars in the Sunday school availing themsolves of the occasion to present to Mrs Gibson; wilo'of the esteomed minister of the congregation, a very handsome illuminated family Bible, with rubricated letters, and beautifully illustrated. The gift was a most unexpocted ono. the teachers and scholars having kept thoir intention a profound secret. The Biblo boro the following inscription :— " Presented to Mrs Gihion by the teachers and scholars attending the Sunday soliool in connection with St. Androw's Presbyterian Church, Yass, as a mark of their warm esteem, and also' as a slight acknowledgment of her kind, regular, and invaluable assistance in the Sabhath school,— Yass, 14th February. 1868." The Bible was pre sented to Mrs Gibson by Mr Hill (representative in Yass of Mr Teeoo, of Gouiburn) in a slnrt and appropriate address. The Rev'. Mr Gil. sin (on behalf of Mrs Gibson) feelingly and g-ntefully thanked teachers and scholars for the pleasant sur prise they hnd prepared for Mrs Gibson and him self.' Tho present was a valuable one, nnd the good spirit it evinced was deeply appreciated by his wife and himself. Three cheers were then given for Mrs Gibson, three moro for the minister,' and three more wero heartily addod by the juve niles for their teachers both in the day and Sunday schools. Fortunately the weather wns favourable for out-door amusements, and the wbolo of tho proceedings connected with tho pic-nic passed off right merrily. Yass Small Deiits Court.— On Wodnesday last the ndjourned sitting of this oourt was held before Mossrs. Campbell and Blnkc, The adjourn ment had taken place owing to the usual day of the hearing of the oases being that of tho opening of tho District Court, when tho registrar of the Small Dobta Court wub required to attend his duties at the other court. There were twonty-four eases on tho list, but tho greater Dumber wore pi ints in the insolvent estate of John lligman. All these were postponed, ns Higman was not present, nor was there anyone to represent tho official assignee, both parties being required to appear in Sydney at the meeting of creditors in tho eBtato there. Kemhel v. Rutherford. — This was a claim for work and labour and materials, 52. I8s. The pleas were not indebtod nnd a set-off. Money had been paid into court in satisfaction. The de fendant applied for a postponement until tho next sitting, on the grounds thnt he had had tho work appraised and thnt tho charge sued for was in excess of the appraisement. The party who hnd npprniscd was absent necessarily, inasmuch as he had to conduct a funeral, but at tho samo time he (defend ant) hnnded in nn estimate of the valuo of tho work in the handwriting of the appraiser. Dr. Campbell considered that undor tho circumstances the hearing of the case should bn adjourned, lie Higman.— Mr Cordon, of the Joint Stock Bank, having applied far the postponement of, certain causes in the estato of Higman, insolvent, Mr Allman, on behalt of Mr Gorman, asked for costs of tho day in his (Gorman's) case. Tho defendant in tho action, Mr Gorman, had twice been required to come to this court to defend an action, and it was very hard that he should bo required to nnswor a claim for a debt that it would bo shown he did not owe. The defendant, under tho circumstances, was surely entitled to his ex penses. After the bench had oonsultcd it was ordered that tho costs of the day should abide tho ultimate decision in the case. J. P. Mackenzie, ns official assignee in the estato of Alexander Rcid, v. Hart. The claim wns for the shafts of n dray, 12., made for the defendant in February, 1860. Tho evidonco wns conflicting. The plaintiff sworo that tho money was never paid, and produced his books. 1 hc defendant, on tho other sido, sworo that Mr Benjamin, his partner, paid tho money ; otherwise hi (defendant) would have known it. Verdict for plaintiff.— Samo v. J. Couch: Goods Bold and delivered and work nnd Inbour, 02 3s. Gd. Thero was a special pica that the goods supplied and tho work nnd labour wns whilo ho (defendant) was in the servico ofWilliams, deceased. Defendant sworo thnt ho, along with Bell, had been driving as servants for the deceased alluded to, and thaf I10 had never been responsible for the debt. Case ad journed fqr tho ovidenccof Bell.- Same v. Thomas Bray. The defendant in this ense was sued for 12. 3s. 10d., balance of aecount for work and labour, &o.; Through some mistako, ho (defendant) had' filed a defence, believing that tho plaintiff wns tho official assignee in Higmnn's estate. Verdict for plaintiff.— Sarao v. W. Cook. In this ease de fendant nppenred to have paid tho whole amount to the agent of the official assignee, and avordict was given accordingly. Presbytery of Goulhurn. — This reverend court met at Yass on Wednesday last in St. Andrew's Church, at noon. Thoro were present the Rev. John Gibson (moderator), tho Rev. John Cameron, of. Young, and Mr William McBean (elder). After prayer, tho minutes of last mooting were read and confirmed. The moderator read letters from the Rev Mr Ross, of Gouiburn, and from the Rev. Mr Craig, of Wogga Wagga, stating their inability to attend the meeting. The application of the Rev. Mr Pennycuik, late of Braidwood, to bo ro-instntcd as a ministor in connection with the church was read and considered. The Prpsbytery unanimously resolved to recommend the General Assembly to approve of the application. The pro posed rules nnd regulations of the widows and orphans' fand were read and discussed, and their adoption recommended, Tho next meeting of Presbytery was appointed to be held at Yass (as being most central) in the month of May next. The meeting wns closed with prayer. Heavy Fall of Rain.— On Wednesday morn ing thorc was a light fall of rain in town, but in the direction of Burrown sheets of water descend ed which swelled tho river and the tributary oreeka so ns to render it dangerous . to travellers who re quired to pass from bank to bank. The rain was also very heavy between Bowning and Barber's Creek. Shortly nfter thrco o'clock on the follow ing morning rain again commenced to fall at Yass, and a thorough tropioal storm occurred ; the gutters in the streets being in a short timo flooded. The weather had been very sultry previously. False Alarm. — Early on Wednesday morning Mr Myers, the present landlord of the Yass Hotel, reported to tho police that during the previous night eight chairs as well ns some cushions belonging to other chairs had been stolen from the yards of the hotel, where they had been placed for removal to Mr Cohen's house at YouDg. A large quantity of other furniture hnd been left in the yard for the samo purpose, and upon an apron being found near to where the missing property was supposed to havo been abstracted from, it was considered thnt a clue to the thief was secured. Senior-eonstnble Murphy with constable Burke searohed certain suspected premises, but without suecess. Subsequently it was discovered that the chairs had in the evening of the supposed theft been plnoed in the eonoh-house, on the premises, for the purpose of protecting them from an' im pending' storm. The Condemned Bushrangers.— We understand thnt nt a meeting of the Execntive Council, hold on Wednesday, it was determined to commute tho oapitnl Bentonce passed upon the two bushrangers, named 'John' Williams lahd William Bookman— who, on the 14th of January last, wero convicted, at the Doniliquin Circuit Court, of shooting with intent to murder — to imprisonment for fifteen years, with hard labour. —S. M. Herald. « Insolvency. — On Wednesday last, before tho Chiof Commissioner, a third meeting in the estate of Bridget Turner, of Yass, was held. Three " debts .were proved, and insolvent was allowed her household furniture and wearing npparOl. Mesmerism and Phrbnolooy.— Dr. Oarr, who has earned for himself a good roputation in the \- various townships along the Qreat Southern Rond. as an entertaining lecturer oil mesmerism and phrenology, appeared before a Yass nudience last evening. We wore unable to attend, but from private sources wo hive learnod that the Dr. is a " scientific man, a good orator, nnd tho experi ments very entertaining." The Dr. will give a soanoe this evening nt tho Royal Hotel : nnd ns it will be the last, wo would recommend those who take an interest in the subjects treated of to nt- tend. | Supreme Court. Tuesday.— Sittings for tiie Trial! of Causer. — Before his Honor Sir Alfred Stephpn. Chief Justice, and a jury of four. The Oriental Bank Corporation u. Hart and another.— Tho trial of this case, which commenced on Mon day, was resumed and concluded. It was an action upon a bond of indemnity given by defendants (Messrs. Hnrt and Benjamin, storekeepers, of Yass) to the bank to secure the latter against loss on cer tain drafts — amounting in the aggregate to 6S£. 13s. 6d. — drawn by the bank in Sydney, on its Yass branoh, at tho instane'e of Mr Wnltor Renny, of Sydney, in favour of certain miners employed |. at the Woolgarlo mino (noar Yass), and paid to the defendants by. the bank without tho orders of the several persona namod ia such drafts as payees. The breach declared upon waB substantially this : that defendants had not (as they had professed to have) tho authority of the payees to receive this money, and that Itenny having been subsequently compelled to pay those men, notwithstanding his purchaso and transmission of the bank drafts for that purposo, the .bank had been obliged to refund him (Renny) the money. There were pleas aver ring defendant's authority to receive the money, and disputing the terms of the alleged indemnity, &c.; Also disputing the legality of tho payment to Renny. _ Mr Darley and Mr Salomons appeared for tho plaintiffs, and Sir William Manning, Q.O., and Mr Stephen for tho defendants. Tho bond sued upon wns so drawn up as to guarantee the bank against all possible loss which could nccruo from any Bource.-thrnugh the payment of the drafts to defendants without the endorsements of the persons in whoso favour such drafts hnve been drawn. The question which remained, however, nnd which was a principal ono, wns whether the bank had really sustained any other loss than was tho conBequenco of " their own wrong." i.e., of their having paid ovor the money to Renny with out having been legally bound to do so P The case bad been alroady beforo the court on demurrer, and othor pleas had been added, which raised this question moro completely. Also, tho collateral question as to whether the drafts had come wrong fully into defendants' possession. Mr Renny and two others were proprietors of tho mine in ques tion, and carried on business in Sydney ns tho Woolgarlo Silver Lead, and Copper Mining Com pany. Yass, being tho nearest town to the mine, the men employed at such time camo to this town for their supplies. The nine miners whoso drafts were now in question, as well as many, if not all. the others dealt with defendants, and were in debt to tho latter when tho works of the mino were stop ped. The men wore left so long without tho money which remained due to thorn, that thov were in a Btatc of tho greatost destitution. They had neither money nor credit, and were dependant upon the charity of Bucb ns chose to help them. There had been correspondence between the company und the defendants, from the tenor of which tho latter had, in tho first instance, a right to assume that the men would be paid through thorn, so that they would bo able to deduct the amount of their own several accounts ngninst the men who were their debtors. But tho accounts which the defendants sont to the company differed in many respects from those which had been furnished by the former cap tain of tli o mino. to whom the company were re sponsible for the mon's wages. It was determined, theroforo, to send the drafts to their captain of tho mine to bo by him handed to tho men. with instruc tions to get a receipt from- each person. Defend ants were advised to that effect, so that they might look to tho mon for what was duo. But. in tho moan time, these nine men were completely starved out. and wero determined to go to Sydney nnd seek payment in person. 'A telegram, asking whether the money had been sent, had beon des patched by derendnnts at tho men's request, but had not beon replied to. It was thought, however, that the money would bo sent. Tho men, through ono of their number, authorised defendants, as was sworn by one of thc.latter, to receive their monoy for them if it should arrive, and after having de ducted the amount due hy eaoh man to hand tho balances to thorn or their representative. But there had beon no distinct authority to indorse the drafts or to draw any money from tho bank on the account and in the name of the men. By tho man who was said to havo agreed for his fellows even the authority to receive tho whole of tho monoy wns denied. The then captain of tho mino and . some others remained behind. A day or two after wards the drafts cntno to the captnin, who pnssed them over to defendants. Tho . latter proscnted them at tho bank, but tho bank refused to pny without an indemnity bond. Defendants gave such bond, and it formed the basis of tho present action. Defendants roceived 531. 13s. 4d. Their accounts against the men came to 291. 16s. 7d. The balance 231\. 16s. 9d. was handed over to tho onptain of thfl mine to return to tho men, an arrangement which was on the ono side doclarod to havo been sanctioned by the men themselves, and on the othor side declared to have boen made wholly without their sanction. Defendants wrote to an address in Sydney, which tho men had named, but sent no communication to tho company. Tho men having arrived in Sydney, sued Mr Renny at the Police Court ns a member of the com pany, and ho, considering that he had no defence, pnid tho money. But bo then fell back on the bank, and tho bank refunded the amount pnid Tor the drafts, which it was main tained on tho part of the defendants, ought not to have been done, inasmuch as Penny having actually got the draft for which he had paid, could havo no legal claim against the bank, although the men might have such claim for tho payment of their drafts without indorsement, His Honor directed tho jury to answer four principal questioDB. with the .replies of the jury thereto, whioh wero as follows: — 1. Was the Bank damnified f In othor words, were tho plaintiffs legally compelled to pay, and have thoy for that reason paid, over again, tho amount of drafts P Yes. 2. If damnified, wore the plnintiffs so by their own default or orror P No. 3. Did the drafts come wrongfully into the defendants' possession P Yes. 4. Did tho payees authorise them to receive the amount of those drafts P No. There was another question as to the issueB on the money counts, but tho finding upon these issues was solely dependent upon the answers of the jury on tho_ foregoing points. Tho verdict was ior uie pinintin, damages 531. 13s. 4d.— S. M. Herald. A Fenian Cruiser.— A telegram from Mel bourne, dated Wednosday last, states:— The Even ing Star publishes a sensational telegram that tho Brisk and Oharybdis have gone to Western Aus tralia to intercept a Fenian orniscr, sent to resoue Fenians on board tho Hougomont. Fxbb at Forres, — A telegram in the S. M, Herald, dated Forbes, Wednesday, states.— On Saturday, nt five p.m., Manaon and Co 's drapery store wns discovered to , bo on fire, and in about twenty minuteB tho building and its contents, esti mated at 20001,, and a briok-built bowling-alley, were oonsumed. At the time a brisk breeze pre vailed, and but for the almost superhuman exer tions of the townspeople and diggers, the greater portion of tho town must have been swept awnv bv tbe flames. J J _ Holloway's Pills.- -Advice to Females. — After indefatigable perseverance aud long-oontinued scientific research, this excellent remedy was dis covered and brought to. perfection. From no in vention has tbe other sex dorived greater benefits : health and ease arc tho obiofest frlfgsings, and theuq are secured to them by these noble medicaments, which nre available at all ages. They remove all impurities from the system, by correcting and puri fying the blood, and their curativo powers display themselves with equal certainty, snfety, nnd facility upon the young, the middle-agod. and tho old. in every country, while their cheapness places them within the ranch nf nil. 