A TRIP TO SORELL. There is a Spanish proverb to the effect that" he who has not seen Seville has seen nothing of the world." With equal, if not greater truth I may say, that he who has not seen Sorell has seen nothing of Tasmania. It has long been a puzzle to me, why this, one of the earliest settled districts in the island, has so long been regarded by our metropolitan compatriots as a sort of terra incognita, a mysterious region so utterly unlike any other in the colony, that if a man were to make his will before starting on his journey to the more distant parts of it, he would only be considered to have done his duty towards his family. It is true the roads hereabouts are in very much the same condition now as the great highways of England were in the days of the good Queers Bess, but with this important exception, there is really notlung else to deter the most timid from making a holiday trip to the locality. To the lovers of the picturesque who are sated with the now familiar grandeur of the scenery around Hobart Town and the llerwent, the rich and varied beauties of the granary of the South present the most agreeable and unrivalled attractions. The tourist who seeks to realise the full truth of my humble attempt to describe them, would well. to take Richmond in his way from town, a halt of an hour or two in this dreamylooking, drowsy place will form an agreeable break in the journey, while an inspection of the various objects of interest remarked upon by a recent writer iu the Australasian, will tend to prepare the n> ; j<l for a fuller enjoyment of the good things beyond. Leaving Richmond by crossing an excellent stone bridge over the Coal River, passing on the one hand the " burly miller^' and his mill, on the other the Roman Catholic Chapel,with its pretentious wooden spire, the road gently rises by Richmond Park to a rather steep eminence bearing the terribly ominous appelation Cut Throat Hill," nor is the history of the route from this point onwards to the Sorell boundary more reassuring. Here is where an unfortunate dancing-master fell off a bullock dray and broke his neck while on his way, in company with his family, to settle at the next town; there, a poor farmer's widow returning from market was upset and killed; further on, the spot is still pointed out to the curious inquirer, where on a smiling, peaceful Sabbath evening, a God-forsaken villain cruelly murdered his wife, having evidently led her there on purpose that he might perpetrate the horrible crime unseen by mortal eye. It is said that, although the man was duly tried, condemned and executed, the ghost of his victim still frequents the neighbourhood, it has never been seen beyond the water holes on the Sorell side of the spot—from Zm h common ltiTSnf\i! w,th their la \ Ta kindred TT !iD m our S1,i Antipope, f* have mU who t I "Heeled and set, and croped, and cleekit" " Till iika carliu swat an reekit" in old Alloway kirk )>i fore the astonished eyes of Tam O'Shanter. It is on record that at that hour o'nichts' black arch the keystone, when. The wind blew as twad blawn its last; The rattlin show'rs rose on the blast ; Loud, deep and longthe thunder bellowed; When 'even a child might understand, The Devil had business on his hand, a thirsty farmer who had stayed too long in Richmond on a sale day declared most solemnly that, as he passed the hill aborementioned on his way home, he could clearly distinguish amidst the howling of the blast and crashing of the trees the tuneful notes of old Campbell's fiddle as he scraped away at polkes, waltzes, jigs and reels. Again, within my own personal kuowledge, an ardent, young watchmaker travelling towards Sorell on a beautifully clear moonlight night, whistling as he went for lack of thought was suddenly confounded and silenced by the approach of aspectral figure robed in garments of purest white. Not waiting to pass the time of night with the stranger, our hero took to his heels and most ingloriously fled, never stopping to take breath until he had placed the salt water creek between himself and the rause of his terror. From that time whenever business called him to Sorell he invariably took the Bluff Road, evidently preferring to run the risk of drowning to being frightened to death. My opinion is that he had suddenly come in sight of an old white trunk of a tree, the appearance of which altered as he came abreast of it. Having crossed the salt water creek, the obser- vant traveller is sure to notice that although the general appearance of the country aiound him is otu- island, suffers from one of the greatest evils with which the struggling farmer has to contend, viz.an absentee landlord. The fences are old and dilapidated, the buildings in many instances are in a ruinous condition, the fields seem to be good only for the growth of thistles on a most extensive scale, and the general impression one gathers from these appearances and tbe tone and manners of the farmers, is that the owners must care only for the amount of the present income they can raise from their estate, utterly regardless of the gradual, but still certain, impoverishment of the soil which is the effect of the system. But on advancing to the summit of the Glebe Hill what a change from the scene we have just quitted ; it is in truth a glorious picture—the green fields stretching from our very feet down to the edge of the broad estuary; of the Coal Kiver, which glitters and sparkles in the bright sunshine like a vast plain of silver, dotted here and there with an oasis of emeralds. Looking beyond the narrow strip of land which divides the river from Frederick Heniy Bay—memorable as the scene of Tasman's first anchorage in our waters—the dark blue of the .-sea seems to melt into the far blue of the distant horizon as the heavens appear to brood over earth and ocean. To the lover of the beautiful in nature a more charming picture than this is nowhere to be foimd. In the words of oue of our most celebrated" wnters who is now better known as a divine than as a 1 poet, we here Behold in sight '•' Full .opposite a beautiful green land. <' :In Jigtit, not clear, nor dark; a. mellow day . Sheds its soft influence o'er hill and -dale, ; - i And tenderest foliage down a hundred hills • ^Spreads over paths that wind beside the beds ,Of fitful streamlets. Thickly clustered stand The peaceful cottages, and wreathed sihoke In bright blue curls ascends, and o'er the fields That Ee toward the waves, sleep peacefully." Approaching the township we are first attracted towards the quaint, weather-beaten old wind-mill which, with the miller's littlecabin adjoining, gives a agreeable air of antiquity to the landscape. Not far from this is the Presbyterian; Church, a handsome but evidently much abused building of freestone ; although notmore thanthirty yearsold.itisfast goin'gto decay. At present as it stands unrelieved by fence, tree, or shrub it seems to be a perfect representation of the doctrines of the sect who worship' Within its sacred walls; grave, hard, stern, uncompromising Calvinism. Just opposite to itis the Roman Catho lie Chapel, an elegant little structure of recent erection, and which as usual reflects great credit on the zealous body to which it belongs. How strange it seems when we think of it, Soman Catholics can build new churches whereverthey can find an opening for the establishment of them, while other denominations cannot repair old ones. Whyis-it? On the other. side of the town is the Church of EnglancL, embowered amidst a grove of wattles and pollarded eucalypti, the mellow shadows of the quiet forest trees waving gently across the tombs of the early settlers who have found a resting-place here, far irom the scenes of their early youth. The cheerful notes of the birds as they flit about among the treds and shrubs, and the gentle murmur of the southerly breeze, lend an indescribable charm to the spot, and we are loth to tear ourselves awav from it £ 