SEVENTY YEARS AGO. A correspondent of .he Geelong Aitertiter writtnj! from Melbourne says:—There his issued from tbe Melbourne press a reprint of a Tery curious paper, vis, The Londjn TOnc,„f s v u y yeirs ago. !• u just the eize of the Me.lwurae Evening Star. The chief newe in it is an account of Lord " Nelson's Glorious Victory over the French at the Mouh of the Kile." Newa didn't travel quits «o quick then as now, as the battle was fought on the 1st of AogUB-, and is only published in London on the 3rd of October. U hat took two months then only lakes two minutrB now. There is a theatrical notice beaded *'Theatre, 1 ' fiom which it would efm there wse only one at that time worth mentioning Our forefathers setm however to have baen moved as much as we are at present by any extta news, as it is stated "after the play the news of Admiral Nelson's glorious vioiory produced a buret of patriotic exultation. ' Rule Britannia' w-s lustily called for from every partof tbe house " After this,one would havthought it was encored, and so it W»B ; but French was not so much in vogue in those days, and the Times says " it ffii called for and sung a eecond time." Pnilauthrophy was then as now a distinguishing feature in our race, as it is eaid, on tbe news becoming known at Lloyd's, *•« subscription was opened for the relief of the widows and orphans ol the brave men who perished fighting for their country." The news paragraphs are very scanty, and given in perhapi plainer English than now a days. It ił stated thai at Drury Lane Bouse, " a person in the gallery calling frequently in a boisterous manner for the tune of " Briton* strike home," was immediately silenced by the appropriate observation of another at aome diatonoe from him—" Way, d—m it they have, havn't they J" I suppose nets in those days were quite the rage amongst the ladies, as chignons are in our day, as the following paragraph indicates :—" To eaptivate is the great object of female dress, - but tbe fashionables of the present day forget the old . adage *in vain is the net spread in the sight of any - bird."' In the matter of travelling, our great grandfathers had very curious notions, as there are three points of exclamation after the following startling announcement:— " Among the wonders of - the present day, Mrs Siddon'e late achievements at Brighton, Bath, and ł V m 0 London should not be forgotten. She positively performed at each of those places within the incredibly short space of 96 hours." The ghost of that writer would be perfectly astounded now-a days. Seventy years ago is the time quoted in our Parliament so often about Fox and Pitt. This is what (be Timet fays ol <he former gentleman " The Opposition papers state that Mr Fox uoes not mean to attend his duty in Parliament during the enBuir.g session. However greatly the talents of this gentlemen may be rated, the want of his counsel has not proved detrimental to the public prosperi'y. His absence has been auspicious to the promotion of our national honor and glory." The sports in those days seam t» have been of a very unique character, and perhaps some of them might be introduced in the next Gathering wi h benefit to tbe fun if not to the fands. It is reported " The King, Queen and all the Princesses vrith a number of the nobility went to •ee ihe sports, whiih consisted amongst other things of a round of beef to be played for at cricket. A cheese to be rolled down a bill—prize to whoever catches it. A pound of tobacco to be grioned for. A. good hat to be cudgelled for. Half a guinea for the rider of the ass who wins the best of three heats by coming in last, and several mora sports of such a fuany nature that Kings and QuecnB and r.obility mast-have had very different tastes then to what they ha venow. Amongst the adverti«emente there sre many | curiosities. A house is offered in Oxford street to bankers and others on a lease for forty years, situate " " " " " - " " • 1 in the central part of Oxford street, commanding a j view of tbe country, remarkably airy and pleasant, i and i« presumed to be extremely well adapted for a : banking house. Altogether the reprint is s gieat cariosity. 