MISC ELLAKEOfTS. A YANKEE -SIOBT.—We C!IP the following startling statement of allegedfact from a New York paper, which has taken it from the La Qratse Democrat .-—A correspondent writes hs from Waterloo, Iowa, asking if we know of one Erfpr Bumhamtnd of his history. We do. And as it is a strange true tale, known to hundreds, we give it in the Dtmocral aB it island TO may correct some errors those who speak ofhim have fallen into. Eight years since, when we were engaged as city editor of a Milwaukee paper, the re lived in thiB state an editor named Powell, now connected with a Chicago paper, we think. ' Tn 1SG2, Powell was married to a Miss Ellen Burnhnm, of Brodhead, Wisconsin, after a courtship of some months. Miss Buroham'e parents were old residents of Brodhead, and of high respectability.' The daughter tanght mode, had a laipe number of pupils, and was very attractive Powell lived with her as a husband two years, she being all that time a good wife in all respects—presenting liim with but one child. At the expiration of about two years, when'about 21 years of age, Mrs Powell's voice changed, she grew light whiskers, and gradually changed her B»JC, developing into A man in all respec'S, BB if Nature, anxious for a freak, had turned a portion of hersplf wrong side out The hnsband and wife separated when the wife became a man, and. Mrs Ellen Powell took the name of Edgar Barnham, donned male attire, sought and obtained employment as a clerk in Chicago, and lived a single'young man for one year. During this time he fell in lore with a niece of Senator Morgan, of New York, bat did not many her, for reasons not pertinent to this article. Bat abont the end of the year he did many a young lady of Brodhead, Wisconsin—a Miss Qerta Everett who was a music pupil of his when he was Miss Ellen Barnham, over three years previous to t he marriage. This second marriage was abont two years ago. Soon after this marriage " Edgar " Bnrnbam and wife removed to Waterloo, Iowa, where they now reside, or did, not long since. . The iormergirl is now a man, the former wife is now a hnsband, the former mo! her is now a father, the former yonng lady teacher of a young lady is now that yonng lady's husband! Truth is, indeed, stranger than fiction, and the above Bimple statement of facts borders so upon the marvellous, we could not believe it, did we not personally know nearly all the parties. Any one can be convinced, by writing to the pasties in either of the places we have named, of the fall and -entire truth of this most wonderful transformation, which puzzles not only the medical but the entire scientific world, and which fact appears now for the first time in print, though the particulars have long been known to ns and to many ether newspapermen and prominent citizens of this state, as to nearly all the citizens of Brodhead, where $he parties so long resided: Another trial, illustrative of eailor life in the' American mercantile marine, bad just concluded when the mail left. Captain H.O. Windsor, of the Intrepid, was indicted on two counts— beating and ill-using one Thos. Nicolai, a Greek, and abandoning him upon Easter Sunday in lat £7deg. S., long. 109<3eg. Smin. Tile evidence shewed that the poor wretch bad been, whatever were his offences, brutally treated, not only by ihe captain, but by the crew, who in the presence of, and incited by, the captain had fetched bim (Nicolai) out of tbe laziret, bad while he was in irons whipped bim, and it appears made a general attack npon the defenceless man with fists, feet, and rope's ends "till bis head was twics its natural 6'ze." Hie worthy captain subsequently gave bim a damaged boat and set him adrift near the above island with bat a few days' provisions. Toe jury acquitted the paptain !. Jufy, one of the funny contemporaries of London funch, asks—"What is the difference between a defaced sixpence and the flag that's bra-fed 1000 years, be. l-^One's a battered tannur, .and the other is—don't you see f' To judge from the vituperative language 1 in which a certain well known American Is so fond of indulging, he cannot possibly be looked npon with the licht of "a Parliamentary Train." Judy also gives it as strange that the latin for " day wanes" is, it dies, and gives tbe definition of ''the ghost of a turkey," as "when its a goblin." 