ROCKHAMPTON. A smart thunderstorm was experienced last evening, which extended to Cawarral and Morinisli. Ferguson and Beed's machine at Cawarral commences crushing next week. The Peak Downs Company contemplate erecting additional furnaces which are esti mated to raise the yield of fine copper to 2000 tons annually. To Correspondents. — 'A. B. H. S.,' who appears to have some special interest in keep ing the Duncan-Eagar controversy before the public, and is highly indignant at an objection that we made, against his last letter, sends us a list of conparative statements, all ending with the refrain, ' is this hairsplitting '? to which our answer is 6imply, ' Yes ' ; the re mote interest of the topic being taken into consideration. As A. B. H. S. concludes by characterizing our note as impertinent and senseless, we decline to publish his communica tion, which, besides, has no interest for the majority of our readers. The Peak Downs Telegram states that Bteps are about to be taken to form a company for the purpose of introducing quartz-crushing machinery on that goldfield. It is asserted that abundance of auriferous quartz exists in the neighborhood, and that the introduction of machinery would work a revolution in the state of mining affairs. The Rockhampton papers state that a peti tion is being numerously signed by the electors of Clermont, praying that Mr. Atkin be not admitted to Parliament on the ground of his name not being on the electoral roll. The Bulletin devotes a long paragraph to prove that Mr. Atkins' name could not ' have been legally removed from the roll, and states that Mr. Fyfe labors under the same disability. The Argus informs us that 'a quantity of stone, about tons, taken from the ' German Reef,' . has been crushed, and yielded little more than 13ozs.' The statement leaves large scope for the faculties of imagination and com parison. We understand that the committee of the Maryborough and Wide Bay Cricket Club in tend challenging an eleven of Brisbane to a friendly game of cricket to be played here on the 10th December. It will be seen by our report of the Munici pal Council's proceedings tliat the Mayor drew attention to the cutting up of footpaths by the dray traffic carried on over them. The rate payers have been put to a good deal of expense in kerbing and forming side-walks, and it is high time that this destruction be put a stop to. The matter properly comes, by the Towns Police Act, under the jurisdiction of the police, but the sergeant of police has informed the Mayor that he has only one constable for night duty, and another during a portion of the day, only, and that with this small force he can do but little. It is strange that so important a place as Maryborough should thus be left without adequate police supervision, and we canuot believe that the authorities are aware of it, or they would soon apply the proper remedy. The famous Sir William Don Company of Ballarat have worked put their ground, and resolved on winding up. Dividends have been paid by this company to the amount of £131,000, being at the rate of £65 10s., for every £1 paid-up capital. May the holder s of scrip at Gympie be equally fortunate 1 Th6 Bulletin of the 7th instant gives the following interesting description of the Cawar ral country : — ' The quartz reefs at Cawarral offer a vast field for enterprise, with almost certain prospects of success. The quartz reefs appear to run along the whole coast range. What have been tested as yet have yielded as much gold per ton as any local crushings from reefs at this side of the Fitzroy. If all the reefs at Cawarral are proved to contain pay able gold, it appears almost certain, from the i height of the ranges containing the quartz, : that the natural process of disintegration ? must have induced large deposits of. gold in the valleys, and that alluvial diggings of con siderable extent will be soon discovered.' Some gold of a good coarse description has already been found, two or three ounce nuggets haying been, we are informed, shown to a person in town from Cawarral. The population at pre terit on those diggings is altogether too small to give the country a fair trial. There are about 400 persons now on the reefs roun'd the township and near Mount Wheeler. In another month, when the crushing machine has proved the richness of the reefs, we believe the. population will count by thousands— not by hundreds. Cawarral has advantages pos sessed by no other goldfield in, -Queensland. There is abundance of water, plenty of f§ed,^ fine sea-breeze, and the sea withinTa few miles of &e; diggings. The diggers now there are enthusiastic in its praise, and as firmly believe it will go ahead.' We are informed*by persons conversant with these reefs that the rock in ?which they axe contained . is of a soft yielding description requiring no blasting,' and often crumbling to the touch. It is a pity that so jnany persons should be leaving Gympie for the ' South when so promising a field exists ?within the colony itself, and within $ week's journey, on foot, from Gympie/ ' 1 Last Tuesday evening Mr. E. Loughran read a very clever and interesting paper on ' Friend ship' before the members of the Maryborough Debating Class which meets weekly at the School of Arts. Although the attendance was not so large as it might'have been, yet the dis cussion which ensued among the few present was satisfactory and instructive. The subject for debate next evening is, ' That the intro duction of Polynesians into Queensland is dis advantageous, and productive of evil results.' The churchwardens of St. Paul's Episcopal Church are desirous of acknowledging with thanks the receipt of £6 12s., collected by Sergeant Compton, from the police force now stationed at Maryborough. Such a contribu tion, coming as it does unasked, on the part of the church authorities, speaks volumes for the generous feelings and sympathies of the men. composing our local police force. The adjourned meeting of the Wide Bay Farmers' and Planters* Association was held in the Council Chambers on Thursday last, Mr. R. Murdoch in the chair. The subject of an exhibition of farm, daily, and garden .pro duce, With implements, &c.;, was gone into with gusto, and resulted in its being unani mously resolved that the Society's first public show be held in or near Maryborough on next New Year's Day, and Messrs. Murdoch, Adams, Dowzer, Fox, Simpson, Ingham, and Cheyne were appointed a committee (with power to add to their number) to make the necessary arrangements, collect subscriptions, &c.; Messrs. Cheyne and Ingham were deputed to prepare a schedule of prizes, with rules to regulate the exhibition, so as to be submitted for approval, at next meeting. It will he in the recollection of many of our readers that'on or about the 1st of October last, Nicholas Ingham and Joseph Sales were committed by A. C. Kemball, Esq. P.M., to take their trial on a charge of assault with intent to rou one i nomas liibbons. Also that on the 9ch of the same month, Thomas Gibbons, and Jane Louisa. his wife, were, on the information of Nicholas Ingham, one of the prisoners on flail, charged before Messrs. J. Jeffrey and J. Purser, with wilful and corrupt perjury in the evidence they had given in the above case, upon which Mr Corser, as attorney for Thomas Gibbons and his wife, attended before the Magistrates and entered a protest against the informations being adjudicated upon, and then left the court. The Magistrates, however, proceeded with the cases and committed Gibbons and his wife for trial ; since which time they have been confined in jail at Brisbane. We are requested to state' that in reply to communi cations made by Mr. Corser, on behalf of Gibbons and his wife, a telegram has b en received by him stating that they were dis cjarged from custody on Tuesday last. We deeply regret to hear such a sad report of the Northern interior as is comprised in the following paragraph, , taken from one of the Rockhampton papers : — "Bad News. — We heard yesterday from a carrier who has just arrived in Rockhampton, that Mr. Griffiths, of Nardoo, has deserted one of his stations, and turned his sheep into the bush. The same party assures us that at Mimosa, where there is a bite of grass, a large number of teams were assembled, the owners not daring to move. The squatters on the Belyando are described to us as being short of rations, and unless supplies soon come to hand, serious consequences will probably arise." It is to be hoped that the late rains have been general, or Mr. Griffith's example will have to be followed by many others. A practical experiment in the way of separating the judicial duties of the Attorney General from those of a mere political char acter, belonging properly to the office of Soli citor-General or Minister of Justice, has just been entered upon in the neighboring colony. The S. Mi Herald of Monday states that Sir William Manning was sworn-in as Attorney General of the colony. by his Excellency the Earl of Belmore, on Saturday. Sir William accepts the office, non-politically, and will not be a member -of -the Cabinet. -? It is, we believe, an open question whether he will take a seat iii the Executive Coungil, iThe^Government of New'So'iffHwales are to be congratulated on having been able to secure the services of so eminent a personage to undertake the import ant duties, performed at home by a grand jury, which in these colonies generally fall to the share, of persons imbued with the spirit of political partisanship. We copy the following from the Bulletin, without, however, attaching much importance to the quotation given. Had the field described been as rich as stated, there would belittle need for 'James Roberts,' of Connewarre, to be hanging on for a reward thirteen years after he became ' cognizant' of it :— 'A letter of a somewhat extraordinary character appears in the Launceston Examiner of the 3rd inst. It. is signed 'James Roberts, Connewarre, Victoria,' and it states that many years ago he became cognizant of the existence of a very large and rich gold-field in Tasmania, and that he had seen there 'as rich a prospect as ever I saw in the great famed jewellers' shops on Ballarat in 1853-4.' Tn 18oo, he says, he applied to the Government of Tasmania to know whether they would give a large reward (which he believed they had offered) for the development of such a field, but he received a reply to the effect that the Government did not then wish to encourage gold-mining in Tasmania ! Roberts now offers to show the field if he is guaranteed a sufficient reward. He 6ays, if a meeting is held in Launceston on the subject, and measures taken for his security as to the reward, he will communicate secret to the chairman, relying on the honor of the parties with whom he may be brought in contact. The newspapers urge that the Govern ment of Tasmania should at once open com munications with the writer of the letter. A CONTROVERSY is going on in Victoria be tween Mr. Mort of ammonia freezing- process celebrity and a Mr. Postle, who has lately patented a process for attaining the same ob ject by the sudden expansion of compressed air. It appears that Mort and Nicholle have been experimenting on a condeused-air pro cess invented by Mr. Kirk in Scotland, and Mr. Pottle took credit to himself for the change effected in their intentions. Whereupon Mr. Mort retorted and repudiated all idea of being a copyist of Mr. Postle. The fact is that nei ther Mr. Kirk nor Mr- Postle is the discoverer of the condensed:air method, which has for half a century been known to chemists as a means ot producing co]d. Humbolit in his early writings, gives particular diiections for its application, and recommends an old steam boiler jammed down tight 30 feet under ground as a suitable air-chamber, capable of produ cing 10 tons of ice per day. \- Solvent squatters must be rather rare articles just now .in the vicinity of Clermont to judge by the jubilant tone with which the Peak Borons Telegram heralds the following : — 'The squatting firm of W. Rea and Co. is in a satisfactory position, notwithstanding the malicious rumors spread on' 'our Mr. Rea's' visit to Brisbane. We envy the position of a firm able to issue the following challenge : — ' Notice. — Any persons holding our promissory notes or bills bearing our endorsement, will have the same cashed at once by us on deduc tion of rebate and interest ; and any persons having just claims against us in open account, will get the same paid in cash on deduction of the customary discount. — W. Rea' and . Co.' 1 TiE eclipse (so we learn' from a passenger per BoomBra'ngjWas total at Cape York on the'j 18th j^ugust! The totality lasted, abont eleven' 'minutes (query), and during that time rose colored flames were seen projecting like ridges of mountains beyond the dark -edge of the moon. The ^ stars were plainly visible. ' The effect upon animals was singular — dogs howled and- ran frightened -into the houses ^fowls' went to roost7^-The^terTor_of The''blackfellows was extreme, although they had been told of its approach. It is matter of regret that there ?was 'no scientific observer at Somerset compe tent to report upon tins' interesting phenome non. — Qladitu# Observer . , - A tragic incident (says the Peak Downs Telegram ) occurred a few days ago at Cockatoo Camp, four miles from Hurley's Rush, where a party of men have been for some weeks em ployed in making a dam for the Provincial Council. Little is known beyond the facts that J ames Bennett died on Thursday last from injuries received in a row on the 23rd ultimo, and that William Eade, the contractor for the dam, was apprehended on the same day on a serious charge. It is understood that while the deceased and another man were engaged in a scuffle, a third man came up with a pick handle, and dealt Bennett a murderous blow on the head ; but no medical man was called in for four or five days, afterwards, when Dr. Candiottis was sent for. The doctor arrived at Cockatoo Camp on Thursday last, and by his advice the patient was brought in to the Cler mont Hospital, where he was placed about 6 p.m., and was visited by Dr. Morton, who en tertained slight hope of recovery. About 10 ?p.m., we learn, it was decided to perform the operation of trepanning the skull, as the last chance of saving the man's life. The opera tion was duly performed by Dr. Candiottis, but death followed within an hour afterwards. On the following morning a post mortem ex amination was made by Drs. Candiottis and Morton. Bennett leaves a wife and one child. He very recently arrived here from Springsure. The charge against Eade will be inquired into to-day. The first escort from the Cape River Gold fields to Townsville arrived in town on Mon day morning, 19th instant, bringing down 2703 ozs._ 5 dwts. of the precious metal. The fol- lowing are the consignees : — A. J. S. Bank, 2354 oz. 11 dwts. ; Bank of N. S. Wales, 348 oz. 14dwts ; total 2703 oz. 5 dwts. The cart which carries the gold — an ordinary whitechapel, is, in our opinion, far too light for such a pur- pose, as are also the boxes in which the bullion is secured ; but we believe these defects will be soon remedied. The escort, which is in charge of Sub-inspector Isely with Acting sub- inspector Thompson, consists of one white and six black troopers, who are armed with double barreled carbines and revolvers, and, if the defect of carriage were remedied, the escort would present a very respectable appearance. — Cleveland Bay Express, Oct. 24. The Sydney Empire has the following in its late summary on New Zealand affairs : — 'The Lord Bishop of Lichfield having bid farewell to his late see of New Zealand, has been on a visit to Sydney, and has recently left for Mel bourne, on his return for England. Nobody doubts the zeal and sincerity with which his lordship had labored as a missionary for many years in the South Pacific ; but it must be con fessed that the present state of New Zealand exhibits but a poor result for all this selfsacri fice. In some parts of the North Island the European setters have been obliged to fly in haste before the hostile natives, who, to the number of some hundreds, are in open hos tility, and even threatening some of the larger settlements. Their avowed object is to recover the land, and drive out the white men, and' to ' restore the customs of their ancestors.' In this, if they do not receive a severe check, they are likely enough to be partially successful, for they have defeated the armed bands sent against them on several occasions, and have signalised their return to old customs by the most revolting acts of barbarity and canni balism. The Governor, Sir George Bowen, has resolved to retain the one regiment of soldiers he has in the colony, although they were under orders to leave - but as the successful rebellion spreads amongst the natives, and especially as -it is not likely that any more troops will be sent from England, the condition and prospects of the New Zealand settlers must become more gloomy, if not hopeless every day. Oub late conjecture about the movements of Count Von Altems appears to have been, in the main correct; as appears from the following paragraph in the Gladstone Observer. — A friend who had ao interview with a pas senaer from Caps York, has communicated the following — The ' Hamlet's Ghost,' with the spurious Count on board, put into Somer set (Cape York), on or about the 15th Aug. On being boarded by the police boat, he made inquiries as. to whether a frigate had arrived ! there, and on being answered in the affir mative became agitated and eagerly inquired about her movements, but appeared relieved when informed that the vessel was H.M.S. Virago, and that she had left the settlement in j January. He remained eight days, and du^ j ring the whole time kept a bright look out in the offing. The Captain and crew were discharged in consequence of a row between the ' Count ' and the Captain, in which re volvers were drawn. The crew refused to put the Captain in irons. It appears the Count had kept them in awe by threatening to give them twenty-five lashes a-piece, when he fell in with the Austrian frigate he was always expecting. Tbe Acting P.M. induced the crew to re-ship, under a fresh agreement, all but tbe Captain and Steward, who re mained behind. Wbile in port the Count was always dressed in the uniform of an Austrian Captain of Cavalry, and wore a sword when on shore. He made a great display of the money he bad with him, and purposely left bills of exchange lying about his cabin for visitors to see, many of which were filled iu for large amounts, and only wanted his sig nature. He succeeded in imposina upon the authorities, taking supplies for his vessel, and paying for them in bills, which the holders will doubtless discover are about as valuable as drafts upon Aldgate pump. Amongst those who weie swindled are two naturalists, one named Thorpe. The Count bought stnff.-d birds, &c.;, from them, to the amount of £30, but some slight compunction must have touched him, for contrary to custom he paid them half cash and half by a bill. He sailed for Batavia on the eighth day, leaving lettprs for the Captain of the Austrian frigate and his banters in Sydney 1 The frigate was orde red to follow him oa to Timor. The Captain he has with him is one Austin, late master of the brig ' Reliance,' which wis wrecked on the Solomon Group. He was pinked up and brought into Bowen, whence he shipped as mate on board the ' Hamlet's Ghost.' Two days after she left Somerset, tbe schooner ' Captain Cook ' arrived from Bowen, with a warrant for the arrest of the ' Count.' Repobted New Diggings in the Bathurst District. — The Bathurst Times has received information from an inhabitant of Swatch field, that some new digginss have been opened in the bed of the Little River, about two miles distant, and there were, on Monday last, forty or fifty men busily engaged in searching for the precious metal. The pros pects are good, and the diggers are said to be doing well. Nuggets varying in weight from one to seven dwts. have been found, and the gold generally is of a coarse description. It is expected that the ! population! will rapidlv increase, as a rush had set in. More aurife rous ground has also been opened on Law son's estate, at Campbell's River. Ia this locality it has long been known that gold existed, but a difficulty about digging in pri vate ground had to be cleared away, which has new been done ; and the ground, we be lieve, will be let out upon lease. Mr. W. A. ^Steele bas been appointed agent for the pro prietors. The diggings are situated upon Mr. Morgan Bryant's farm. A correspondent sends us ( Southern Cross) the following from thii Upper Thames, which would seem to show that New Zealand pos sesses immense attractions for one who has seen so many lands: — ' Mr. Schafer, the German-traveller, has become enamored with' a yonng dark-skinned lady of the native race, and therefore. he proposes to settle down with the -lady- of hie choice'1 in this or some of tbe adjacent districts, finish bis history of travels through all- the countries that he has visited up to the present time, and then publish tbe same. After which he proposes to return to Germany and finish the rest of his journey or travels through Russia, Siberia. &c.; ; and, finally, after finishing all his travels, return to become a New Zealand tolouist. 