NEW SOUTH WALES PARLIAMENT. LEGISLATIVE ASSEMBLY. Tuesday, 22nd Decrmhsh. The Speaker took the chair at twenty-nine minutes past A o'clock. NEW MEMBER. Mr SPEAKER informed the House thathohadrcceind f a writ from the returning officer for Central Cumberland, ' declaring that Mr. Samuel Lyons had been elected to serve in the Legislative Assembly as a member for that district, is Mr. LYONS shortly after took the oath and his seat. CONVICTION OF DOMINIC ROGERS. Mr. FARNELL asked the Solicitor-General what Act did the magistrate at Newcastle convict the Rev Dominic Rogers ?" Mr. JOSEPHSON in reply said, the 3rd Sec. 15 Vic., No. 4, _. , PAPERS. On the motion of Mr. MACLEAY, without notice, for. the papers having reference to the attempted assassination of his Royal Highness the Duke of Edinburgh, and which had been laid on the table of the Houses were referred to the select committee on the alleged conspiracy to effect sales assassination, WATER SUPPLY. Mr. LUCAS obtained leave to introduce a bill to em-: power the inhabitants of the southern and western suburbs of Sydney to erect a dam or dams over Cook's River, and to perform such other works as will be found necessary till provide the said inhabitants with a supply of pure and wholesome water. The bill was brought in, read a first time, and the second reading fixed an order of the day for Friday fortnight PETITION. Mr. HART (on behalf of Mr. Windeyer) presented petition from James Powell against the bill respecting the ' disposal of the old Burial Ground, Petition received. MOTION OF WANT OF CONFIDENCE. The House proceeded to the order of the day for the resumption of the adjourned debate on Mr. Parkes's motion, " That the present Administration does not possess the confidence of this House." ' Mr. ISAACS said on Friday evening last he had been prepared to forego the intention he had formed of addressing the House on this question in the hope that it would have gone to a division that night, or on Saturday morning, but the concluding remarks of the Minister for Lands rendered it impossible to remain silent under the grave charges the honmember reiterated against ex- Ministers. He should not at present refer to those observations or, in any respect, more particularly to the hon. member, but should address himself first to matters of more importance to the country at large, and what could be described! a being the business more particularly before the House, reserving what he had to say specially in regard to the hon. member to a later portion of his address to the House. Proceeding then in that course, he would remark that, although much had been said in reference to the conduct of the Opposition in making the motion before the House, on the ground that the Ministry had not yet had a fair trial, and that it was inopportune to introduce a motion condemnatory of their conduct before they had given any evidence of their unfitness or otherwise, he asserted that the motion was neither inopportune, unprecedented, or inappropriate to the circumstances of the case ; nor, he trusted, useless in its results, whatever those results might be and he based this remark upon what he believed the real constitutional and plain common sense view of the matter, viz., that a motion of want of confidence in a Ministry made at whatever time, and under whatever our cumstances, was never a substantive but always a subsidiary motion, the motion to which it came in as an amendment being always this-" That the Ministry possesses the confidence of Parliament." This motion was always before us ; every time the Ministry took their seats they invited that test and so he said that the motion of want of confidence was altogether a subsidiary and not a substantive motion and he submitted therefore, that no matter what the circumstances might be which surrounded the Ministry at any given moment, whatever the relationship of parties might be, that it was not only competent for, but to bounden duty of those who represented the interests of the community to take all fair and open opportunities of attacking the Ministry to ascertain whether or not they did possess the confidence of the House. Believing this to be the real matter in issue, he could not but thing that much irrelevant matter had been introduced into the debate. He referred to much of a personal character, which is always irrelevant, and attacks upon the late Administration in regard to their conduct, irrespective Of certain smaller matters which, as it appeared to him, could have no bearing upon the question, nor any other effect than to mislead members as to the real question at issue between the two sides of the House. The issue being that which he had stated, he felt himself called upon to say whether or not he had confidence in the existing Ministry. It could not be expected that he could give any other than a negative answer to that pro- position and in this remark he did not refer to his position as antagonistic to the Ministry, but simply to his position as a representative of the community. In all probability, he was less concerned in this motion than any other member of the House. In considering the question of confidence in the present Administration, it was necessary to regard its position synthetically and analyti- cally-to look at it as a whole, and pay some little attention to its component parts. And he thought discussions of this kind might be conducted with reference to private character and after all, the largest reference to private character could have little influence in determining a question such as this. He had, for instance, to infer, from some observations made by the Minister for Lands, that himself and some other twenty gentlemen were all drunk at a picnic the other day. What could we say to that but that it was not true? He considered that the Premier occupied his position fairly ; but as he differed from that hon. gentleman on all public questions, it was impossible that he could afford him his support. The present Ministry could have no policy, for their lives were so short the country would not insure them, (A laugh,) He came now to the hon. the Treasurer, who, innis opinion, had proved himself to be a lamentable and pitiable failure in the position which he occupied as Treasurer. When he heard that hon. member making attacks on the late Treasurer he was perfectly amazed, and but that he had outlived the feeling of astonishment he believed he should have sunk under the oppressive sensation. (Laughter.) To have heard the hon. member's attacksion the late Treasurer one would have imagined that he (Mr. , Samuel, was one of the greatest luminaries that had ever appealed in this hemisphere, and that if he appeared in London his friends would keep him away from the river lest he should set fire to it ! When the hon. member opposite (Mr. Samuel) was Treasurer on a former occasion he propounded a financial scheme. There was something in it about a tax on trade, and some other small matters , but it culminated in doubling the tea and sugar duties. How did it happen that the hon. member Had abandoned his pet scheme? Was it in deference to his supporters that he had been forced to give up in' which he before maintained as a principle, and in regard to a herb to his honour be it said he resigned his seat as a Minister? Having tried his hand at the "Banks" Fchuuo and utterly failed, nothing had since occurred to 4 ratify this House in supposing that he would in future be a more successful. Leaving the Treasurer he now came to the Hon. Minister for Lands, but he would pass that hon. member by for more special notice. He warned the Hon. j Ino Premier, that he had introduced into his Ministry one who, without any active exertions the part of his political opponents, would sooner or later cause the downfall of his Ministry. He would find the hon. member to whom he was alluding like a dead fly in the political ointment, He came then, to the hon. the Minister for Public Works. Of that hon. gentleman he knew nothing privately, and very little publicly. He (Mr. Sutherland) was represented to be a working man. He (Mr. Isaacs) would be the last to object to any individual on that score. If the hon. member was qualified for the office he held in his opinion it was to his honour to occupy such a position. (Hear, hear.) He would be the last man in the world to object to the hon. member on that score. When the Highest was tabernacle in the flesh he was a labouring man, and worked at his trade. The greatest of Ilisfoilowcrs-howhocarried'to the utmost regions the glad tidings his Master came to teach-was a tentmaker. (Cheers.) Thus honour was first cast upon labour. He should think little of that man who, born in the lap of luxury, should look with aught but a feeling of the deepest sympathy and most expanded humanity upon his brother man who had laboured with his hands, and advanced himself in life by the sweat of his brow. But while saying this he did not think that men who had been occupied in thus labouring, whatever might be their brain power, were necessarily fit for a position like that which the hon. Minister for Works now filled for it would generally be the case that in early life they had to a large extent been deprived of education, and were consequently prevented from taking advantage of the circumstances in which they were placed. Whether the hon. member's friends were satisfied with his qualification or not, where was the evidence of it The hon. member had been what he (Mr. Isaacs) had been called, a «'rabid protectionist. " In the general election of 1861 he came forward as a candidate for Paddington, and was opposed by Mr. Henry Moore, who might be styled a rabid free trader." The hon. member know that the contest before the constituencies largely involved the questions of protection and free trade. It was the reason of his (Mr. Isaacs') failure, for he then held and would not forego the views he still held, in favour of a protective policy. Discarding any technical interpretation of the word protection, he desired to see adopted as our fiscal policy such measures as would have for their object the encouragement and advancement of the industries of the people of this colony, relieving them from the necessity of purchasing from foreign countries all they required, creating and sustaining manufacturing enterprise that would render Sydney the Manchester or Birmingham of the Pacific, and putting her in the way of that progress which in the Hit or country, the United States, under a protective policy had brought her into a place among the great nations of the world. Such sentiments were held by the hon. member and repeatedly expressed by him, certainly as near to the day of nomination as the night before. What led to his conversion to free trade opinions had never been explained ; the hon. member might be able to explain it, but it was a strange coincidence that the conversion should have happened on the very day of election, when the hon. member had a free trade opponent, and when this was one of the greatest questions before the country. And the noticeable circumstance was the sudden evolution, the sort of Jim Crow twirl of the hon. member from one side of the House to the other on the occasion of a question of confidence in the late Administration. Viewed in and by the light of subsequent events, this too was a noteworthy coincidence As long as these things remained unexplained, was this a gentleman in whom the House could repose its confidence to discharge the high duties of a Ministerial office p The next Minister to whom he should make reference was the hon. the Postmaster-General!, a gentleman who had been the supporter and opponent of every Administration formed since the commencement of responsible government. He (Mr. Isaacs) had a recollection of a certain meeting at Kellett House, about the time of the formation of Mr. Donaldson's Government, and he could well remember the hon. gentleman peeping out from a corner of the verandah to see that no spies of the Opposition were in sight, and in order that he should not be recognised appearing in the somewhat remarkable cranial appendage of Mr. Holroyd. The hon. member, however, was soon an opponent of that Government and if not literally, at least figure <<>tivcly, had his arms round the neck of Mr. Cowper. These \- things certainly only showed his catholic sympathies, and that he was determined, like another celebrated character, to " live and die Vicar of Bray." Leaving other affectionate embraces and hostilities of the hon. member with regard to successive Ministries, come we to the last case. During the last days of Mr. Cowper's last Administration, when the hon. member for Kiama was likely to take some part in Ministerial changes, the hon. member, now Postmaster-General, might have been seen for weeks in constant attendance upon him. The hon. member never left him it was substance and shadow. In George-street, if the hon. member for Kiama appeared, it was £10,000 to a half-penny that the hon. member for Eden was not three inches behind. The swan on fair St. Mary's lake Floats double swan and shadow. He was the Boswell of the Johnson, and reminded one of those two celebrated characters, as given in the " Rejected Addresses" wherein the ghost of Boswell was represented to rise from a trap door, obsequiously bow to the doctor, and disappear. That was the position the hon. member occupied with regard to the late Colonial Secretary. But a new Administration was formed during the negotiations, for which he was in the closest intimacy with those who were forming it. He never allowed them to suspect that it was his determination not to support them, but that result was soon announced, [Mr. EGAN : There and then.] Perhaps the _ hon. member was right. 'The hon. member flung himself down stairs, and exclaimed " What confidence could I have in such a set of men ? " (Hear, hear.) And what was the reason alleged ? That he had heard him Mr. Parkes speak in terms of disparage- ment of Mr. Eagar. But was this the real reason P No. Had the hon. gentleman been offered the same appointment in that Administration that he filled in the present one, MR virtuous indignation would have fled through the windows of the Post Office. (Laughter.) And he would have forgotten the remarks made by Mr. Parkes. Yes, the real ground was that he was not included in the arrangements. The hon. member did not appear to him to possess that amount of mental energy he would not say intellectual capacity, but that vigour which would qualify him for sustaining the cares and performing the duties of his position as Postmaster-General. It might be that some regarded it as a small and important office, but he (Mr. Isaacs) did not and he thought that any one who looked over the work performed, and the masterly minutes written by a late colleague of his own, would be convinced, that however inferior the office might be regarded, it was capable of being elevated to the level of any of the other faces. (Hear, hear.) He hoped he had not given offence by these remarks, as he had not intended any. Public men must expect to be criticised. He (Mr. Isaacs) had had enough to bear in that respect when incapacitated from offering any defence. He had had all sorts of aspersions cut upon him, but his consolation had been apart from the applicability of the charges-that the time would come when those who made them would feel that they had acted with injustice, and would regret the course they had taken. He had, however, chosen to occupy a public position, and had therefore set himself up as a target to be shot at. It might be that he was mistaken in his estimate of the ability of the hon. gentleman opposite. It might be that he was fully competent to perform his duties, but he wanted the evidence, and until he got it he should withheld his confidence. He could not expect that the hon. gentleman would be consistent, or that his actions would be in unison with his colleagues, to whom he had been so frequently opposed. He would now come to the Law officers, and would take the Solicitor General first, because, in one respect, he occupied the higher position. The hon. gentleman (Mr. Josephson) was much esteemed among the members of the Bar, but he never had any practice at all, and he (Mr. Isaacs) thought that not having practice was not the way to qualify him for the office which he now held. Moreover, the hon. gentleman had been engaged in pursuits that would rather too his mind away from the difficulties of the profession. He (Mr. Isaacs) must, however, believe that he was qualified for the office, because they had had the hon. gentleman's assurance that he was. (Laughter.) Apart from the legal knowledge that might be necessary to the proper discharge of the hon. gentleman's duties, the general character that was necessary to enable him to per- form his duties aright was possessed in an eminent degree by the hon. gentleman, and in MR estimation there was not, in this respect, a fitter man in the annuity. There was no man in the colony with whose political sentiments his own more accorded than the hon. gentleman, and now he f eund him in association with gentlemen whose opinions were in many respects directly opposed to his own. How long had the hon, gentleman's opinions been in accord with those of the Premier on the Land question ? Had he forgotten the opinion which he expressed that the squatters were entitled JJ fee simple to every acre of land in the colony ? (s No toM. ) He knew that he (Mr. Isaacs) had heard him express that opinion. [Mr. JOSEPHSON: I never expressed such an opinion.] He could take the hon. gentle wm to the very spot where it was uttered, and he believed the physical circumstances would recall the mental recoUoc Inst the opinion to which he gave utterance. It was win? upon the o0048*011 of the introduction of the Land and brought in by his hon. friend and colleague, Mr. Wilson, bring the whole of that discussion there was not a squat- ter who did not say "Give us tenure and we don't care how much assessment we pay." His impression was that his learned friend then said that the squatters ought to have the a sample of the land. At any rate, the hon. and learned member would admit that he differed very much on the JMd question from the hon. Premier. He trusted his hon. and learned friend had not overrated his ability to perform the duties of his office, which was a high and important one. He now came to the last of the Ministry, the hon Wm learned Attorney-General, who had not a seat in the sun who why had he not a seat in the Cabinet? Why dR balfe brace? Why not the full fraternal hug P Or, is SU "186 from them whJ to embrace ?"" Why was the hon. and learned morn J" among them if he was not one of them? he contended that the hon. and learned Attorney-General wM^flowever, a member of the Administration. He had .¿.?wV*0 turn and twist the Government about in any W. P. choBO; and the Galatea, when flying to the Talk concealment, took care to let himself be seen. that 0D:.Sna learned member was now, in his opinion, I, Ith sentences "horn he had long wished to join as he should not flatter himself, ostrich-like, that when, he I shut his eyes he was himself unseen. He should have taken the proper position as Attorney-General, instead of taking the anomalous position that he occupied. The hon. and learned member had said that he could not join the Cabinet because he shrunk from making himself responsible for measures of which no could not approve. Nobody asked the hon. and learned gentleman to do anything of the kind. ThAt terney-üencral had given two legal opinions, which had been made public, and one of which had reference to the case of Mr. Duncan. And that case the Attorney-General and the Solicitor- General dealt with in a manner in which he (Mr. Isaacs) considered to be very erroneous : they dealt with it, too, in a personal way, and seemed to advocate the cause of the Government instead of simply giving an opinion on the subject. The other opinion was given in reference to the papers which were given into the possession of Mr. Parkes and he (Mr. Iboocs) asserted that that opinion would not bear inspection. To say that Mr. Parkes had rendered himself liable to a prosecution for larceny by reason of his re- tention of those papers was perfect nonsense The opinion was erroneous. The papers were as much the private property of Mr. Parkes as the piece of paper he (Mr. Isaacs) held in his hand was his. Mr. ROBERTSON : Why did he give them up ? Mr. ISAACS : His hon, friend Mr. Parkes would be able no doubt to answer that question for himself. But he would venture to suggest that the hon. member had given up the papers because such a course was in accordance with his previously expressed intentions, and because of the attempts which had been made to blast has character by his opponents. The papers were kept by his hon. friend from the control of his political opponents and placed in superior and safer custody ; but it was evidently the intention of the hon. member for Kiama to make them public, or he would not have had them prepared for publication in the Gazette. In his opinion the retention by the hon. and learned Attorney-General of a seat in the Legislative Council was inconsistent with the office he filled. The hon. and learned member's opinions were not in accord with those of his colleagues. Some years ago the hon, and learned member joined in the publication of a speech delivered by the hon. member for the Hawkesbury in opposition to universal suffrage. It had been said that in order to assume the position he occupied the hon. and learned member had made sacrifices. If the sacrifice was that he did not believe in those with whom he was associated, he could believe in it, though it was not very complimentary to them. But if it were meant that the hon. and learned member had made sacrifices of a more material or lower character, he must say be believed he had been subjected to none. He had made no sacrifices in his profession ; he had abandoned no chamber business, no "single-counsel" cases, or opportunities of going into inferior Courts ; because all those difficulties existed already by reason of his having a silk gown. And last of all, the hon. and learned gentleman had given up no criminal practice against the Crown, for he had no criminal practice to give up. He (Mr. Isaacs) had spoken in no respect in anger with regard to his hon. and learned friend. There was no one who better knew, and more fully appreciated, his many estimable qualities, but he did not think it subserved the public interest that the actions of public men should be placed on a wrong basis, and that their character should go forth as depending upon circumstances which had no existence in fact. It had been said by one whose opinion was not of much value, that a step had been taken in the direction of getting rid of the evil, in a combination of the political and professional functions of the Attorney-General. None were more willing than himself (Mr. Isaacs) to endorse the opinion that this was an objectionable state of things ; it was an opinion he had always entertained, and he assisted Mr. Darvall twelve years ago in preparing a bill for the appointment of a Public Prosecutor independent of the Attorney-General, without a seat in either House, and only removable by address of the two Houses of the Legislature, reserving to the Attorney-General only the right which was given in England of entering b nolle prosequi. This, he believed, would be the true remedy. What was the hybrid office of a Minister of Justice, It had never been tried but it was found inadequate to the occasion. It might be said that it would be on anomalous state of things to allow the Attornoy-General the power of entering a nolle prosequi, there being a public prosecution, but he maintained it was not. It was possible an Attorney-General might, to further political purposes, be guilty of a dereliction of duty so gross as to put upon MR trial a man who, under circumstances, would have gone free; but the Attorney-General must have great hardihood indeed who would enter a nolle , prosequi which he was not able to vindicate before the legal profession of the colony and of Britain. 1 there was any difficulty in the Attornoy-General discharging the double duties as a Crown law officer and a member of the Ministry, in what respect was that difficulty cured by the present position of the Attorney-General ? He must take his seat on the Ministerial side, throw in his fortune with theirs to the fullest extent, and promote their measures, whatever they might be. How could it be said then, that his position was better as Attorney-General performing the duties of grand jury than that of the late Attorney-General. ft might be asked, too, whether hon. members believed that in any respect the duties of the office could be as adequately and efficiently discharged under present auspices as they were by one who, vilified and carped at as he might have been, showed an intellectual power that even his detractors had to bow down to. Having gone through the list of Ministers, he came to speak of them collectively, of the composition formed by these ingredients, and to show that in the aggregate they were not entitled to his confidence. It was impossible for a Ministry composed of materials so discordant to last ; they had not the uniting bond which ran through and held together their predecessors. Some were free traders-others protectionists. The House was reminded that the abolition of the ad valorem duties was to be granted," but of course it was not to be done all of a sudden. The introduction of this qualifica- tion enabled the hon. member to do it as gradually as he thought proper, and hence we should be just in the same position as now if, unfortunately, the Premier and his colleagues should remain in office. Then something was said of free trade between New Zealand and the Australian colonies ; but that, too, must be gradual. A commission was to be appointed, unconnected with the colony, no one here, it was to be supposed, being fit to under- take the duty. What would the Patriotic Association Bay to this P [Mr, DRIVER The Patriotic Association can speak for itself.] They must be aware that the Patriotic Association could speak for itself, and make charges against others. Not because there was any foundation for them, but because others were not so fortunate as to be born under the blue canopy of Australia. Whatever meritorious distinction this conferred, however, he was at a loss to conceive. There were no measures announced by the Government that being good, he could expect them to deal with satisfactorily, and the others were such that he could not approve of. For these reasons he could not record a vote of confidence in them. Much had been said of the position which the country had been placed in by the action of Ms Excellency the Governor. He did not desire unnecessarily to introduce the name of the Governor, but he introduced it now for the purpose of vindicating a constitutional principle. The hon. gentleman who preceded him (Mr. Forster), undertook to prove that the action of Ms Excellency was constitutionally right, and that it was the only course open to him. He also stated that no such case had occurred since 1832. He (Mr. Isaacs) was not aware of any case that had occurred exactly on all-fours with the late case, because the Crown would not, except in very extreme cases, refuse to take the advice of a Minister to dissolve Parliament. But a similar case did occur in the time of the second William Pitt. That statesman, night after night, succeeded in reducing the majorities of the Ministry, and' increasing the number of those who supported him. At length the Ministry resigned-Pitt took office, and on the 18th March, 1781, the House was, by his advice, dissolved, and a new House assembled on the 18th November of the same year. This House was, by the same Minister, dissolved on the 14th June, 1790, having lasted six years and three weeks. It did not run out its proper time, and this was what he desired to show. Here was an instance in which a Minister twice dissolved the same House. The new House assembled on the 25th November, 1790, and this House was dissolved in May, 1796, its duration having been five years and six months. Those cases went to show that such a state of things could exist. He could also prove the same thing indirectly. Some of those who now heard him could remember the dismissal of the Whig Ministry in 1931 by the Sovereign. At this time Sir Robert Peel was in Italy, and the Duke of Wellington, pending the return of this states- man, was sent for. This distinguished soldier, with single- ness of purpose and purity of motive, continued to hold office, unconstitutionally, for sometime. At length fit Robert Peel returned to London, and in December, 1851 (he believed formed a Ministry and dissolved Parliament. The new Parliament met on the 19th of February (he thought), 1835\. Shortly afterwards a rumour got abroad of an intended dissolution, and Lord John Russell, in the course of a debate on Supply, took occasion to ask a question whether there was any truth in the rumour of an intended die solution. [The hon. and learned gentleman quoted from the speech of Sir Robert Peel in reply, which waste the effect that he (Sir R. Peel had not Try any word or act given warrant to the number; and the hon. and learned gentleman contended that if such a rule as had recently been aliad ed to-that a Minister could not twice successively dissolve the same Parliament-had been in existence! the great statesman from whom he quoted would harèold Lord John Russell that he must know that there could be no truth in the rumour as there could not be two his solutions by the same Minister.] It was established beyond all possible controversy that no such rule as had been suggested existed or was known to the Conattfc tion. No such principle existed, and hence the country had been misled by a false issue. A good deal had been sad by the Minister for Lands in defence of his Excellency; and if his Excellency had selected that hon. member to de- fend him, it was a pity that his Excellency had not selected some one more capable of defending him. The hon. member had fallen into the puerile blunder of calling the Queen the first estate of the realm, The three estates of the realm were the lords temporal and the lords spiritual, forming the House of Peers, and the Commons. The. Queen was no more an estate of the realm than the hon. member's boots and the hon. member had therefore exhibited great unfitness for criticising the conduct of others on such a question, which he evidently knew nothing about. The Governor had in his reply to the Attorney-General, condescended to criticise the financial policy of the Government, and even the administration of the Customs' department in relation to a special case, that of Mr, Duncan, aid had given opinions upon that subject. This his Excellency should not have Mr. ROBERTSON rose to order. The hon. member ought not to bring his Excellency's name into those discussions. . . Mr. MARTIN did not see that the introduction of his Excellency's piano into debate was irregular. He hoped when hon. members were called upon to speak about his Excellency the Governor they would do so with all due decorum. The Governor was not the Queen, and hon. members could refer to him if they chose. Were we not to discuss the Governor's opinions when they were made public The SPEAKER said the rule with regard to the Queen' a name was, that it was not to be introduced into debate for the purpose of of influencing the House ; or in any irreverent manner. But he was not aware that there was any limit to the mode in which the acts of even the Queen herself could be discussed. The hon. and learned member was in order. Mr. ISAACS, in continuing his remarks, blamed His Excellency the Governor for the manner in which he had replied to the late Premier's advice of a dissolution ; but said that he believed His Excellency had acted from a mis- taken impression, and not from any desire to infringe propriety in any way. With reference to the many charges made against the late Government, he (Mr. Isaacs) considered that they never ought to have been made. He particularly censured the scandalous manner in which the hon. Minister for Lands (Mr. Forster) had attacked the late Government, styling them as traffickers " and " plunderers of the public." The hon. member had no right thus to attack gentlemen with whom the hon. member could not bear comparison in any respect. (Hear, hear.) Take him physically. The hon. member reminded him of Rashleigh Osbaldiston, of whom Sir Walter Scott said that nature stamped a warning upon his countenance, as she had given to the rattlesnake a rattle, to shew that there was something dangerous about him. (Hear, hear.) The hon. member reminded him of a character drawn by Tom Moore Mokanna, the Veiled Prophet of Khorassan, The hon. member was not like Mirabeau, or Denton, who had the physique of men ; he bore a greater resemblance to the Morals and Robespierre. In intellectual capacity he challenged anyone to say that the hon. member was the equal of any one of his (Mr. Isaacs) late colleagues except his unworthy self and even he, in general information, in education, taken in the broad sense in which the hon. member used the term, would not yield the palm to the hon. member. He regretted to be thus personal, that he should be dragged from a bed of sickness to vindicate his honour from the gross aspersions of this pettifogging politician, this paltry logician, this confused metaphysician. The hon. member made it a great charge against his hon. friend (Mr. Parkes) that he accepted the appointment of lecturer from the head of an Administration against which he brought a motion of want of confidence. But the hon. member, who had brought repeated motions of that description against the Martin Ministry, was himself prepared to accept an appointment on the recommendation of the Colonial Secretary of that Administration. He alluded to the request made by the Government of New Zealand to his Itemed friend to recommend a person to go down there and do something in order to assist them out of the difficulties in which they were placed. But when it was intimated that the hon. gentleman's name was suggested they politely declined Mb assistance. (Hear, hear.) When he (Mr. Isaacs) consented to accept the office of Solicitor General, he intimated to the non. and learned Attorney-General that there were certain cases in which it would be impossible for him not to appear against the Crown. He consulted some English barristers upon the practice-Mr. Gordon, Mr. Deffell, and his Honor the learned Chief Jus- tice-and they all concurred in saying that not only was he i at liberty to appear against the Crown, but that it was the < privilege of his clients to enforce his appearance in Court on their behalf if he chose to do so. Moved by these considerations he appeared in one case in which his client would not release him, but in four other cases Ms clients yielded to his solicitation, and he was released. But the hon. member, notwithstanding the friendly , relations existing between them at the time, thought it not beyond the scope of Mb duty to bring the matter forward in this House, and to make it a ground of attack that the Solicitor-General had appeared in defence of a prisoner against the Crown. No notice of that attack was given to him and he declined to enter into a matter thus indirectly brought forward. That charge had never received its answer until this day. But the hon. member was now the colleague of on hon. and learned gentleman who had appeared in two cases against the Crown, one of which involved a possible loss to the revenue of £17,000. That was not a criminal case, but a case in which the finances of the country were involved to the extent he had indicated and in that case the' hon. and learned gentleman did not hesitate to exercise all the talents which he possessed-and they were great-to bring to bear all the zeal that he possessed and that was enormous, to employ all the sophistry of which he was capable-and that was large, to bring to bear all the wheedling which he possessed with juries-and that was con- siderable for the purpose of wresting £17,800 out of the finances of the country, and that, too, in a cause in which the learned gentleman had previously given it as his opinion that his client had no case against the Government, He asked the hon. member how he could reconcile his present position in view of that state of things ? How came it that he could remain the quiet colleague at the rate of £1000, of an Attorney-General who appeared in open Court against the Government, and who had announced that he was retained in a second? Yet he (the hon. member did not hesitate to come forward and criticise the conduct of other hon. members. Wisdom would not die with the hon. the Secretary for Lands. If his (Mr. Forster's) insignificant life were at an end this night New South Wales would go on perhaps more prosperous because of his death and except in a very small circle indeed a week would not elapse before he would be forgotten. He would descend -" To the vile dust from whence he sprung, Unwept, unhonoured, and unsung." In the deep dishonour of the grave the hon. member would be surrounded by the corruption which he desired while living to fasten on others. But a time would come when in the last consciousness of life the images of those whom he had thus vilified would rise like threatening ghosts before him. The hon. member had dared to say of him that he was like a highwayman who had murdered the victim whom he had previously robbed ; he had had the audacity to say he was a plunderer of the public money The hon. member know that statement to be untrue. He knew that each one hon. member of the Administration was incapable of any crime so foul as that which he ventured in his paltry malignity to breathe out against the members of the late Government. It was almost a matter of regret for a gentleman to have to sit in the same chamber, and to have to breathe an atmosphere contaminated by the malignant expiration from the lungs of such a man. The hon. Minister for Lands might laugh, but it only added to the vile offence of which he had been guilty. He challenged the hon. member to attempt to prove Mb assertions, and he would be ready to meet him whenever and wherever he might do so. He was certain he should be able to come out of the ordeal unscathed. But could the hon. member say the same P Had he not committed outrages on his own principles ? This had been shewn in regard to the question of holidays. The hon. and learned member here contrasted the course taken by the hon. Secretary for Lands on a former occasion in refusing to sanction a public holiday on a St. George's Day, which was also the tercentenary of the birthday of Shakspere, and the recent grant- ing of a public holiday on St. Andrew's Day. These two instances shewed the hon. member's inconsistency. "Whatever had been the shortcomings of the late Administration, they might have been worse. He hoped the hon. member would never again use towards him language like that he employed on Friday night. Certainly he should not again refer to the hon. member unless he were provoked so to do. The hon. member's concluding observations which he supposed he regarded as a peroration) he (Mr. saacs) regarded as nothing more than the tawdry and fustian deliverance of a 10th rate actor, in a minor theatre, in an attitude and with a deportment characteristic of such an arena, and in sentences pointless from their frigidity and puerility. The hon. the Minister for Lands concluded with an observation which would have been discreditable to the head and the heart of any one who filled the office of a Minister of the Crown, and who could sit before him and knowing how he had injured him, and should " laugh ? " if it could be called a laugh. If it were a laugh it could only be likened to sunshine on a new made grave." Mr. LUCAS said as far as he was concerned he should advance nothing as a partisan, and let his stay in the House be long or short' he should never support any Government or section of the House as a party. For the first six or seven years that he had a seat he was not connected with any party, and during that period he believed he did some good. He passed several measures and instituted many inquiries that no believed had been beneficial to the country. For the last two or three years he might say he had been a partisan, and it was said to have been impossible to carry on Government without party action. During that time he had been compelled to swallow some very bitter pills, voting for measures he did not like, and opposing others that he was disposed to support. In this period he had seen more deceit, hypocrisy, and dishonour- able feeling in party action than had come under his notice during the whole of his previous Parliamentary experience. The past two or three years had he believed been lost, and with the exception of some two or three measures, the work of legislation had been so barren that the House might as well have been shut up , as far as the interests of the country were concerned. It was not now a question as to the constitution of the Government, or whether it was composed of the best members, but whether any Government in the face of the present Opposition could carry on the business of the country. The late Government went out of office with the casting vote of the Speaker in their favour, and there had been no alteration in parties since. When the House met the majority was on the left of the chair, and it appeared to him that the hon. members who walked over to the Government benches had not earned any power with them. The most undesirable thing both for the country as well as for the Government themselves was to have a weak Government. If, at any time since the inauguration of responsible government we required a strong and powerful one it was in the present juncture of affairs, end he could not, for the life of him, see how the Government could gain strength unless it was by a dissolution. At the latter part of last session, on the passing of the Appropriation Bill, he thought he showed 1^555??«« tour deficit upon that occasion amounted to \£950,000. The then Treasurer estimated that on the 12th December he would have a surplus of a 150,000, but accord V Y ing to the Herald, instead of being a surplus there was a deficiency of £213,000, which made "««»JP"" £360,000. If to this was added the deficit of £950,000 at the end of last session, we must have a deficit on the whole of £1,300.000. The probabilities were that there would be a further deficit this year of £250,000, so that we might well say that the total at the end of 1868 would be £1,600,000. He saw in the Herald that the overdraft at the bank was to the extent of £373,000, the interest upon which at six per cent, would be about £22,000 a year. The interest upon our total deficit amounted to about ¿9O,0UU a year. Under such circumstances not a day should be lost in equalising the expenditure and income. We were now going back at tho rate of about £1000 a day. The Cowper Government created a deficit of £400,000 and the Martin Government increased it to £800,000. Mr. Cowper again came into power strong than any Minister in this country, yet he adopted a System of taxation he was opposed to, and, powerful as he was, he dared not put on greater taxation than was necessary to meet ordinary Expenditure. Instead of proposing means for paying off some of the deficit, as well as providing for our rent liabilities, the deficit was allowed to increase till it had reached its present dimensions. Strong as Mr. Cowper was, if he was not able to do more how could a Government with a majority of only two or three do better. [Mr. PIDDINGTON : " They will not they'll dodge out of it"] He (Mr. Lucas) gave a consistent vote to Mr. Cowper's Government, but MR vote was not appreciated for the present head of the present Government said he did not care for the vote of such a man ; let him have a supporter who would vote with him whether he was right or wrong. The only way to get out of the present difficulty was by having a strong, powerful Government in office. But seeing the present strength of the Opposition, its numbers, and the gentlemen who composed it, the Government could not carry a great fiscal policy. With a small majority for the Government, we should be here for several months longer without doing any good, and the best friends of the country would register their votes for sending the House to the country. His vote would only have one object-that of bringing about an appeal to the country. How long would the country tolerate the backer ings between parties whilst the country was going back at the rate of £1000 a day P He remembered well when Mr. Smart informed the House of the first deficit of £400,000. and the announcement was received with consternation. Now, when the deficit had so enormously increased, it seemed to be regarded with indifference. It has been said by Pope : " Vice Ib a monster of so frightful mean That to be hated, needs but to be seen ; Yet seen too oft, familiar with her face. We first endure, then pity, then embrace." This deficit had been going on increasing until it had reached a million or a million and a half, and as we looked for it every year it was not regarded as an enormity at all. We were now paying about £90,000 a year in interest for this debt, and the Government must not only make provi sion for paying this interest, but for paying off a portion of the principal also. Every Government seemed not to care so long as the evil day was put off, and they left their successors to face the difficulty. It appeared to him that the object of every outgoing Ministry was to place the incoming ? Ministry in as great a difficulty as possible. He found that some hon. members desired to get the Estimates through and then to have Parliament prorogued. What for We had not sat very long during the last twelve months. Parliament was called together late in the year far too late (hear, hear), it only sat for a few days, when there was another recess of six or seven weeks, and now hon. members wanted to get through the Estimates preparatory for another recess. Why not go on with the business of the country ? (Hear, hear.) He thought it ought not to be put off one day. The Treasurer should be prepared to make My financial statement at once. (Hear, hear.) The hon. gentleman had been in office before, and during the last twelve months he know he would, ere long, be in office, and therefore he could give his attention to the matter. He (Mr. Lucas) thought this financial statement was not be very difficult a matter. His (Mr. Lucas's) idea was to propose such a financial scheme as would give employment to labour and develop the resources of the country, but he would support any reasonable scheme for putting the finances upon a proper basis. The present season was the most convenient for the majority of the country members to attend to their Parliamentary duties. They could give four or five months now far better than they could do in the spring of the year. If the Government had a majority, he would say " go on with the business." (Hear, hear.) He had no doubt, however, that hon. members would be kept here four or five months, witnessing a fight between the "ins " and the "outs," while we made no progress in useful legislation. As usual with each, debates, the land question had been dragged in. For himself, he believed that great concessions could be made to the squatters and free selectors, without interfering with each other, while at the same time the revenue would be greatly benefited. The people were favourable to the present law, but they desired some judicious alterations. The hon. gentleman at the head of the Government was, in December 1865, the most popular man in the country, and could have polled 2 to 1 over any other man; but shortly afterwards, having, as the people believed, abandoned his land law, and remained inactive while theRe enormous reserves were being gazetted, he was ignominously rejected by the people of West Sydney, and defeated by a shadow- Mr. Windeyer having stated in a letter in one of the daily papers that he would not sit if elected. (Hear, hear.) Some amendments in the land laws were undoubtedly required, but they would have to be made very carefully. The hon. gentleman at the head of the Government introduced a short bill last session, and he then admitted that some improvements in his Land Act could be made. Had that short bill passed into law, it would have given the free selectors the power to take immediate possession of their grazing right, for which, under the present law, they had to wait. As he had promised to be brief, he would now conclude by saying that he should vote in such a manner as to bring about a dissolution. (Hear, hear.) The Government may have a majority of two or three, but that would not enable them to carry on the business of the country. (Hear, hear.) Hon. members would have to remain here doing nothing while the deficit would go on increasing. Were the House dissolved, the elections might be got through in five or six weeks, and Parliament again called together. They should then see whether the country supported the present Ministry or not. He felt sure that many hon. members he could not say on which side of the House would be rejected. (Hear, hear.) For the several reasons stated he could not vote for the present Government. (Hear, hear.) Mr. PARKES, after a pause, rose to reply, and was received with cheers. He said, a stranger witnessing the proceedings of this House for the last fortnight would, he should think, come to the conclusion that the Government had moved a vote of want of confidence in the member for Kiama, (Hear, hear.) He did not think the idea would dawn upon any man's mind that the Government itself was challenged to prove its title to power. (Hear, hear.) For his own part he had listened with as much patience, as much calmness, and as much attention as he could command to discover the defence of the hon. gentlemen occupying the Treasury benches, but he had listened in vain for this long and unprecedented debate had been characterised not by any single word of defence on the part of these Ministers, but by a striking absence of all defence. (Hear, hear.) Indeed, the only Speech that was delivered on the Government side of the House in which any attempt was made to meet MR (Mr. Parkes's) motion was the speech of the hon, member for East Sydney, Mr. Neale. That gentleman, in the few words he addressed to the House, avoided all the faults of those with whom he sat, and in these few words he put forth the only case which the Government had to show. He told the House that any change made at this season of the year must necessarily lead to a good deal of confusion in the public business; and no doubt this was the only case that the Ministers could put forth. There had been much vilification, but no argument, no declaration of policy in support of the position of the Ministers. It was idle to call the statement put forth by the hon. gentleman at the head of the Government to fore- stall this motion so as to have something to go to the country-a declaration of Cabinet policy. What was the policy of a Government ? He apprehended that it was a definite course of action based upon some clearly defined set of principles. But did we find anything like that in the statement which was put forth on the 9th of this month by the hon. member for the Clarence P On the contrary, we simply found a number of loose utterances, the hon. gentleman saying in so many words that they would endeavour to do certain things if they were permitted; and we all knew well enough from a long past experience of the hon. member in former Governments that if they could only ascertain what was the will of the House, they would do any mortal thing under the sun to conform to the will of the House. (Cheers.) But that was simply shifting their own views so as to suit those of the majority. A very large amount of abuse was directed against him, and he found himself rising to reply upon speeches delivered in this long debate in reference to which he should have made two speeches instead of one, for he had to defend himself against the aspersions so unnecessarily and inopportunely cast upon him, and he had also to reply to the little that has been said on the subject. (He had to defend himself against a series of attacks, which, taken as a whole, and coming from the leaders of this Government, conclusively showed to every fair and reasonable mind that, if for no other cause, these men were unfit to govern the country. (Hear, hear.) The hon. gentleman at the head of the Government thought well in Ms attempts at disparagement directed at him, to say that Mr. Duncan's matter was not the cause of his retirement from the late Government. He should like to know whether there was a single fair-minded man in the country who had considered the proceeding who could possibly arrive at such a conclusion as that. Did the hon. member himself arrive at that conclusion until he confronted him with the present motion? The hon. member went on to charge him for that through the whole course of his life he had acted from double motives-one Bet to be paraded before the public, and another to be kept within his own breast, The hon member next charged him with carrying away papers, and we all heard the hon. member's boast that he would issue a search warrant and obtain the papers by the hands of a policeman. The bon. _ member then charged him with withdrawing papers from the Government printer, when by the hon. member's own showing he left the matter in type to be disposed of in any way the Government thought fit, and that the distribution of the type took place by the direction of the Government after he left it. The next charge was based on some minute of the hon. and learned member for the Lachlan in reference to a minute of las affecting Mr. Halloran, the Under Secretary in the Colonial Secretary's office. Why this matter had been dragged before the House he was entirely at a loss. to understand, and as it appeared to have caused some misapprehension he should occupy some two or three minutes in explanation. Mr. Halloran proceeded on leave of absence to Victoria and Tasmania, and that gentlonuuvrcprescntod to him that he should be disposed to devote a portion of his time to ascertaining all practical information respecting the working of industrial schools in Victoria, and of the asylums in Tasmania. These asylums had a high reputation, and, as Mr. Halloran's duties concerned the practical details of similar establishments in this colony, he thought the information would be of value, and ne authorised the payment of Mr. Halloran's travelling expenses (£20), on condition of his obtaining this information. Before Mr. Halloran returned he had left office, and the hon. and learned gentleman at the head of the Government thought fit to disallow that expenditure. The money was therefore not paid. Then, with respect to his own travelling expenses, he had already explained that they were actually founded upon an instance in the hon. gentleman's own Ministerial career. They related to only two journeys out of eight or ten which he undertook to different parts of the colony during the time he held office. Then it struck him that the hon. gentleman who made the charge about the suppression of the despatch must have had an enormous amount of hardihood to do so. The despatch had not been suppressed. His Excellency questioned, by MR minute, whether it was worth while to publish the despatch, and the Government decided that it was not worth publishing. It had since been published, and any- body could see that there was nothing in it which could render its publication at all necessary or important. Not one in fifty of the despatches which arrived in this colony were laid before the House. Then the hon. gentleman at the head of the Government, followed by the Treasurer, had uttered a tirade against him for having spoken in terms of disrespect against his late colleagues, Mr. Eagar and Mr. Wilson. The hon. member was the last man who ought to speak of Ministers using terms of disrespect towards their colleagues. He had never heard more opprobrious terms than those applied by hon. member to his former colleague, the hon. member for the Globe, and he had heard the hon. member speak in terms of greatest contempt of a gentleman whom he now in public delighted to call his " distinguished friend." The hon. member made a great parade of some rupture and subsequent reconcilement between him and his late colleagues; but there never was a rupture. He disapproved of some part of the conduct of the Government, and he told the Premier so in clear terms ; but when he left the Cabinet for the last time, he shook hands with Mr. Eagar, We never had a quarrel. The hon. gentleman seemed to think that it was impossible for men to disapprove of some course of action without going into a violent personal quarrel about it. He was prepared to support the Government he had left, and he did support them on the only occasion that he had an opportunity of doing so. It did not follow that because he did not choose to sit with Mr Eagar, therefore he could not support a Government of which that gentleman was a member. The hon. member charged him with endeavouring to prevent him from making his statement; but the fact was, he immediately gave way when he saw that the hon. gentleman desired to make a statement. He was called out of the House during a part of the hon. gentleman's speech and for that the hon. gentleman indulged the House with a tirade against him for running away from the hon. gentleman. These things were not worth notice, and he only mentioned them to show how little wore the subjects which the hon. gentleman stooped to in order to traduce the character of an opponent. Then it was said that the motion had not been brought forward in good faith, but simply to cloak the misconduct of the late Government. How would that under any circumstances be possible The hon. gentlemen, with their ferret-like propensities, with all their ingenuity for discovery, had been in office sufficiently long to detect any misconduct of the late Government and if they were put out to-morrow, they would have the means of waking any such misconduct public to the world. As far ashe had been able to gather the opinions of thinking and respectable people, the attacks, altogether unjustifiable as their own supporters admitted, had recoiled in odium and disgrace upon the heads of their authors. The Premier did; not conclude until he designated him as an impostor altogether unfit to hold a seat in this House and then the Treasurer followed by charging him by profiting by the receipt of mvneyB for travelling expenses. These were the words the hon. gentleman Used. At other times the Treasurer said that he did not intend to impute anything improper to him. He did not know whether he was to understand that the hon. member really did not know the meaning of the language he uttered, or whether he wished the imputation to go forth to the world, wMIo at the same time he attempted to conciliate the support of his (Mr. Parkes's) friends by saying that he did not mean to impute anything improper. Notwithstanding several severe collisions between the hon. gentleman and himself, they had preserved a very friendly acquaintance ; but so long as these imputa- tions on his character were unretracted, the hon. member and himself must be separated ever after. Then we were charged with acts of corruption. These charges had dwindled down to two a charge of some £20 for cab hire, and the expense of a lunch on the occasion of the opening of the line to Marulan. [An hon. member : " And the gratuities."] He knew nothing about the gratuities. He was sure the hon. member must see that he could not have known anything of them. The hon. member for West Sydney "(the late Treasurer) would no doubt have gone fully into that matter the other night but for his indisposition. The only tangible things which had been alleged against a Government who had been two years and nine months in office, and which had often been described as one of the most powerful Administrations which had ever existed were that £20 had been spent in cab hire and that something less than £100 had been spent for a lunch on the opening of the railway to Marulan. The cab hire, he said again, was indefensible. He did not in any way pretend to defend that expenditure, and he thought the money ought to be refunded. With regard to the lunch at Marulan, he thought that was a justifiable expenditure, and that the only mistake made was (if any mistake was made that invitations of the same character were not issued to all members of Parliament. But to attempt to mix up that expenditure of some £90 for that lunch at Marulan with the various entertainments given by the late Ministers, was another of the disgraceful artifices to which the present Ministers had resorted for the most unworthy purpose of traducing the characters of their predecessors. The hon. gentleman at the head of the Treasury knew full well that in all those various entertainments given by the members of the late Ministry not a shilling ever came out of the public Treasury, He supposed those entertainments must have cost some £2000, but every penny of the money-whether £200 or £2000 came out " of the pockets of the Ministers. He took exception to a turn which had been given to some remarks of his in regard to the Collector of . Customs. It had been stated that he said Mr. Berney was appointed because he would be subservient for the Treasurer's pur passes. He (Mr. Parkes) never gave his statement such an application as that. Mr. SAMUEL The hon. member stated (and is so re- ported) that the late Treasurer told him he appointed Mr. Berry to the office of Collector of Customs because he would be subservient to him. Mr. EAGAR : I never said such a thing. Mr. SAMUEL : Perhaps the hon. member will allow me to read from the Sydney Morning Herald, " It was quite true that his hon. friend argued Mr. Duncan's case to the last moment, and then, to his (Mr. Parkes's) amazement, stated that if the Treasurer would not give way, he would. When this decision to climb ? Mr. Duncan was arrived at, another decision also was arrived at, and that was to reduce the salary of the Collector or Customs-not for the purposes of economy, but, as it was avowed in order to degrade the office, and to make the officer more subservient to the Treasurer. [Mr. EAGAR : It is not so, The hon member must not contradict that, because he had heard it from his own lips. Be stated that hitherto the Collector of Customs had been too important to unmanageable an officer, and that it was desirable to have a person who would be more easily _ spaced." Mr. PARKES : Surely the hon. member most see the difference between that report and what he alleged the other night. I confined this to the office of Collector of Customs. I am so reported, though, of course, I am not going to say whether I am correctly reported or not, but as a rule I have no complaint to make against newspaper reports. Mr. SAMUEL: lean say that the hon. member is most correctly reported. Mr, FaSK£B continued The hon. Secretary for Lands, following suit commenced by deprecating the abuse which had been one or the characteristics of this debate. He (Mr. Parkes) would like to know whether the hon. gentleman and his colleagues did not set the example in their printed addresses and in their speeches to their constituents 1 For the first time in our Parliamentary history, incoming Ministers in issuing their addresses to their constituents, rested their whole claims on abuse of their predecessors and not on their own merits. This was followed up when they went before their constituents in the case of the Premier, by emp year a whole address extending over three hours with such abuse. But he (Mr. Parkes) denied that he set any such example. He denied that the observations with which be introduced this motion travelled beyond the fair limits of parliamentary debate. He certainly raked up what the chief Ministers had said of each other on previous occasions ; but that was strictly pertinent to his position, because those gentlemen had with a flourish of trumpets told the country that they were in harmony, that they were brought together by the ties of Parliamentary action, and that they were about to restore constitutional GovirnminU They thus fairly challenged him to show the contrary-that so far from being entitled to put forth any lofty claims like these, they, in a manner more remarkable than their predecessors, had been opposed to each other, not on one or two occasions only, but through aJ,0DJÎ Series ofy«sas-in fact from soon after their entrance into the House until the time when they had a common interest in endeavouring to get into office together. Then the hon. Secretary for Lands indulged in some extraordinary observations upon what he described as a " picnic where this motion had been convicted under the influence of champagne and beer!" (A laugh.) He should imagine that it was no very unprecedented thing for gentlemen acting together in public life to meet together at a dinner or at a picnic or on other similar occasions I (Hear, hear,) He could not forget that on the very day of this so-called picnic the members of this harmonious Government invited their own supporters, and their opponents toe, (hear, hear), to a dinner within the precincts of this House. (Hear, hear.) If there, were champagne and beer at the picnic of the Opposition they had the good sense to confine it to their own members. But at this great ministerial dinner, held on the same day, (where he iuppoBOd if there was not champagne there was at least ginger-beer. Laughter.) Every hon. member of the Opposition, except himself and one or two others who were too far gone (laughter) were invited, and the beauty of the sequel was, that not one of those hon, gentlemen attended. (Cheers from Opposition benches.) His hon. friend for Parramatta (Mr. Farnell) was addressed in the most loving terms. (Laughter.) The hon. the Premier was quite satisfied that that young man from the country would give them a fair trial. (Laughter.) And so north and south and far west, these missives or invitation bearing the message of love and peace were sent to to put a few grey-headed singers who were too far gone for pardon. (Laughter.) It was rather too bad of the Government to try to entrap the friends of the Opposition. The hon. member opposite declared that he (Mr. Parkes) came to the House with twenty votes in his pocket! Well, that was a serious charge against a man in the position he occupied at present! He could not return the same charge upon the hon. member, for he did not believe there were two men in the House who would follow him anywhere. Then the hon. the Secretary for Lands gave them the following definition of a fac- tion. A faction. he said, was a number of persons banded together for purposes neither public nor political If that: were a correct definition of the term faction, he should think that if they ever saw a faction in Parliamentary life In this colony they saw it now on the Government benches because they had there a number of; persons drawn from the most opposite corners of our political, world, with the most opposite opinions-with sympathies never in common. They were banded together certainly not for any purpose of government, because there clements were soon- flicting as to render it impossible to carry out any kind of government policy. They were banded together for purposes neither public nor political, and what those purposes were some of them could guess pretty well. Several conspicuous members of the House had always been opposed to Governments of which they were not members, and if that charge applied to any one man it applied to the hon. member for the Hastings. He could not recollect the time after the first six months which followed the inauguration, of responsible government, when that gentleman was not a violent and inveterate opponent of Governments, except be was in office. He no sooner left the Government than he turned round, upon them as fiercely as he attacked others He had pre-eminence over all other obstructionists. We all know, very well, how vehemently he denounced, year after year, the hon. and, learned member for the Lachlan. We all have an acute remembrance of how regularly he took office under that hon. and learned member. And we all know that the moment another Government was formed by the hon. and learned member, and he was left out, that he then turned round again and was as violent and unprincipled as ever In his attacks upon the Government. They had never had an exhibition of that kind,' except by the hon. number at the head of the Government. It had been said that the hon. member at the head of the Government supported his friends both while in office and out of office. But that hon. member also attacked the friends with whom but had served in the same Cabinet, just as bitterly, and with as much, hostility, as he attacked his opponents. And he (Mr. Parkes did not believe there had been a single month of the hon. member's history, after the first six months of responsible government, which he had not been in arms against any Government of which he happened not to be a member. It did not matter whether the Government did or did not bring in measures which the hon. number approved of ; his hostility was in no way abated because the measures of the Government were In accordance with hon. member's principles. Then the hon. member, with an fiardonablc impertinence, alluded to what he called public even in his (Mr. Parkes's) career before he catered the House. Suppose he were to allude to certain public events in the hon member's career. He had heard him charged with murder by an hon. member who was now sitting in the same Cabinet with him. He had heard the Postmaster-General taunt the hon. member with having been a murderer of his fellow creatures. Then, again, the hon. member had been pleased to. allude to the circumstances of his (Mr. Parkes) having accepted, an offer to proceed to England on a mission for promoting emigration, and he characterised that mission as one of the greatest delusions that had ever taken place He alluded to it as something that was to cover him (Mr. Parkes) with disgrace. Well supposing it was all that the hon. gentleman said it was sup- posing that that circumstance was capable of the construction. which the hon. member put upon it, did the hon. member not see that the opium fell equally upon a friend of his own Government. Had not the hon. member see that all he had said of him must also be said of Mr. Dalley. He could not suppose that, if there were any truth in the allegations he made, they would not in any way affect Mr. Bailey in the same way and to the same extent as they did him (Mr. Parkes.) Was the hon. member prepared to visit Mr, Dalley with the same amount of censure and odium. But what were the facts 1 Whether it was a mistake or not to send persons to Europe to promote emigra- tion, it was strictly in accordance with views which he had entertained for many years. As far back as the year 1854, when he was a member of the late Legislature, before the Constitution Act became law, he was a member of a committee on emigration, which committee was moved for by Mr. James Macarthur. And any one who would take the trouble to look through the evidence given before that committee would see that he entertained precisely the same views that were embodied in his motion in 1861. He always believed it would be wise to have agents of this colony in Europe to explain the advantages which the colony possessed as a field for emigrants and that if efficient, zealous persons, who were acquainted with the circumstances of the country, were maintained in Europe permanently, the result would be more substantial than could be obtained for the same amount of money in payment of direct passages. He had always maintained that view ; he maintained it still. But when he submitted to the Legislature a motion which, if he remembered right, was carried by 8 to 1 - he had not the slightest idea that one of those situations would be offered to him. And the person who pressed him to accept the situation was Mr. Dalley himself. If it had not been for the continuous exertions of that gentleman in asking him to accept the situation, he never would have accepted it. He was offered the situation by the hon. member opposite in very handsome terms, and when she was recalled he received a letter of thanks from the hon. member's Government. In speaking of this matter, he might say that he always made a very wide distinction between a. situation of that kind and accepting an office under Government. He went to Europe as a scmi-rcprcscntativo of the colony; he knew it could not be a permanent position. He was sure that the present head of the Government, notwithstanding; his hostility, would admit that he (Mr. Parkes) had never at any time of his life made any overture with a view to obtain office under the Government of the country. As remarked by his hon. friend, the late Solicitor- General, the present hon. Secretary for Lands was quite willing at one time to forsake his constituents, and go on a mission to New Zealand. (Hear, hear.) The Government of New Zealand, soon after he (Mr. Parkes) went into office, applied to the Government of this colony, for the recommendation of some person to assist them in devising a better system for working their Government. He (Mr Parkes) recommended the hon. member for the Hastings, who had been twice in office as Colonial Secretary and once in office as Premier. He represented to the New Zealand Government the advantage of having such a gentleman. But as soon as the New Zealand Government came to understand who it was that he recommended, they said they were much obliged, but they could do without him. [Mr. SAMUEL : Did they say that in writing '] They said it in effect in writing. (Cries of " Oh, oh ") He thought he had a perfect right to put his own construction upon the case. [Mr. ROBERTSON : They did not carry their reform out ] They did not carry it out, and the New Zealand Government were assisted in their work by a gentleman who was appointed by the Victorian Government. The hon. Secretary for Lands had talked of him (Mr. Parkes) having violated confidence, by dragging forth a letter written seventeen years ago. He presumed the hon. member referred to a letter which was written by the hon. member at the head of the Government. He never dragged forth the letter. [Mr. ROBERTSON : That's just what I complain or ;. you misrepresented the letter The letter was addressed to him. and urged him to become a candidate for Sydney In opposition to Mr. Cowper. He supposed the hon. member would not deny that. [Mr. ROBERTSON: I ask you to produce the letter.] He scarcely thought there could be much confidence in a letter or that description. He should not have mentioned the circumstance, but for his wishing to allude to the charge brought against his hon, and learned friend Mr. Windeyer. The hon. Secretary for Lands wound up his speech on Friday night by a very characteristic perforation, in which he charged the members of the late Government with being plunderers of the public treasury. The hon. member was famous for his abusive persons- on the members of the late Government were in no way amazed or confounded when that thunderclap fell upon their ears on Friday night, because they had often heard the same kind of thing before and it was done much better when the hon. member's denunciation fell upon the hon. member at the head of the Government, when he described the present Premier as sitting upon a dunghill of corruption when he described him as a thing so odious that he could only venture to touch him with a pair of tongs. Well what did we see on Friday night. They then found the hon. member for the Hastings climbing up this dunghill of corruption to embrace the hon. member at the head of the Government-and be embraced him without even a pair of tongs. (Laughter.) They had heard a good deal both in the House and out of it about his hon. and learned friend Mr. Windeyer reading to the House a letter marked " private and very confidential." It appeared to him to be a new way of marking a letter ; he never saw a letter marked in that manner before. He would like to - know in what the dishonourable conduct of his hon. friend contested. In marking the letter " private and very soon- . denial," was it intended to deny the content! of the letter, and then to seal his hon. and learned friend's mouth as to the truth, of its contents. The hon. and learned member preserved the contents of the letter strictly until the terms upon which the offer was made to him of a high office in the country were denied in that House. When the letter was spoken of as containing; something quite different to what had been alleged by the hon. Premier: the Premier himself asked his hon and learned friend to read the letter. First of all the offer which was made to als hon and learned friend was represented to be very different to what it really was. His hon. and learned friend resented that. He was then told to read the letter, by the writer himself, and he did read it. The hon. member had the fullest possible justification for reading the letter. The hon. Secretary for Lands had been pleased to expend some of his bitterness upon the hon and learned member for West Sydney, and told the House that the hon. member had not the capacity to understand a principle that the only capacity he ever exhibited ?? was a capacity for being made a tool of. The hon Secretary for Lands then went on to observe that the hon. and learned member was capable of attachment, and that so were dogs and horses.' Well, if that were true with regard to the hon. and learned member for West Sydney, bow came the members of the present Government to offer him the high office of Attorney-General, with all its dangerous and conflicting powers of grand jury, public prosecutor, and member of the Executive. Mine years ago the hon. Secretary for Lands, who now gave such a low character of Mb hon. and learned friend, pressed him to accept office as Solicitor-General After nine years' experience they again pressed him to accept the office of Attorney-General, and yet this was the gentleman: who, when he declined to be associated with them, they turned round upon him and said he had not the capacity to understand a principle that he was only being made use of, and that all attachments were only such as those of the lowest animals of creation. We had not to look far for the real offence of Mr Windeyer. His real offence consisted in this that he understood principles, and understood men too well that he resisted the offers of designing persons to make use of him, that he had an honourable attachment to one with whom, from his youth he had continued to associate. What were we to think of gentlemen holding these Mgh offices who could be prepare 1 to place the destinies or the country in the hands of this gentleman, with all manner of expressions of respect and confidence, and when he declined their offer denounced him in the scurrilous and unjustifiable terms hon. members heard on Friday evening [Mr. ROBERTSON : I never denounced him.] The hon. member at the head of the Government in the course of his attacks upon him (Mr. Parkes) had many times and oft insinuated rather than stated that he had in some way deserted him or his party.' He might truly say he never belonged to the hon. member's party. The fact was, that at this moment on the benches to the left there were gentlemen sitting who were his (Mr. Parkes's oldest political associates, and the hon. member was surrounded by comparative strangers, most of whom, if they had not been violently opposed to him, had never been in accord with him unless it were in a few exceptional cases. He (Mr. Parkes) certainly never owed to the hon. member any political allegiance. He had received sometimes directly, sometimes indirectly, offers from the hon. member, but had at all times declined them. The hon. member himself many years ago certainly represented him (Mr. Parkes) as possessing a position and influence in the country which he certainly believed be never didpossejB. [Mr. ROBERTSON : Because I wished to get up a subscription.] The time alluded to was the occasion when a proposal was made to prevent him (Mr. Parkes) with a public testimonial. In January, 1857, a public meeting was held at the Royal Hotel to consider the propriety of presenting a public theatre monial to him. Mr. ROBERTSON : I subscribed 50.] The hon. member was wrong altogether. A committee was formed at that meeting, and a subsequent meeting held on the 24th January. He (Mr. Parkes) wrote to the secretary declining to receive the testimonial. At the second meeting, the hon member himself attended and spoke in opposition to a resolution moved by Mr. Cowper. In these terms "That this meeting desires to express its unfeigned sense of admiration of the motives by which Mr. Parkes has been actuated in the letter just read, and w sensitively shrinking from the acknowledgment of his public (services, which his fellow colonists were prepared to offer to him; and While re- luctantly acquiescing in Mr. Parkes's determination to let the public services speak for themselves, desires to put on record an example to eminently worthy of Imitations) The hon. member (Mr. Robertson) said Mr. Roberts, K.P..' confessed that he could not accede to the resolution now (before the meeting. (Cheers.) He was not at all surprised that Mr. Parkes, like other great men, should underrate hit watering to the public, but he thought it was the duty of that meeting, as it was of the country, to mark, at the present time, the remarkable con fees which Mr I likes had given to the country (Hear, hear j Method been Mr Parkes'' career ' it was perfectly idle to talk about Mr Pi likes being a young public man He had for many years been a public writer of great influence, and he had also written and always worked upon that side which and for the welfare of the people, and be not been absolutely more in the Iii use of Assembly this most other gentlemen in it since his election' (Cheers) all about his services not being g miUcicntlv ripe to claim a reward from the people of this country V by a km xv i f i of man connected with the country, in i r out of it Mr Wentworth or any one else who had more claims than Mr Parkes (Cheers) He had always stood by the people and the be interesting the country (Cheers ) Be, at least, had never sought an; personal aggrandisement He, at least, in devoting his great talents to the public welfare, had abstained at all times from seal wg any advancement whatever Cheers ) He believed they would be done, very wrong if they were to allow the services of this great man who underrated his own claims upon the country to pass-, unrecognised- if they abandoned this movement (Hear hear) He was, quite sun from his knowledge or the district he came from and of the whole Hunter Oliver district, that This would not be a matter that would stop the colonists He was quite sure that, throughout the length and breadth of the land, Mr Parkes was held in higher estimation than any gentleman in the community, or who had over been in the community (cheers), and he was quite sure that efforts would be made to make this a national matter, and not simply a matter of the extent of Sydney There were he might be allowed to state many of them in that meeting who were not citizens of Sydney and there were enough of the representatives of the libel at country districts there to in all their high appreciation of the claims of Mr Parkes (I amid cheers) He would conclude by moving the following commitment - but while this meeting desires to express its unfeigned sense of admiration or the noble and patriotic motives by which Mr. 1 parkes has been actuated in writing the letter just read, and in sensitively shrink- ing from any acknowledgment of public services it is of opinion that the services have been such an to demand the public recognition which was determined at the previous preliminary meeting of Mr Parkes's friends should be given to them ' What had been the career on 1 was it was the course taken by Mr TarkcBt It hurt been said that he was a young man and that he had not yet earned his laurels What had been the position of that gentleman 7 During the last thirteen or fourteen years he had been a public writer of the greatest gamble Influence and had done every thing for the welfare of the people of the colony This great man, who had spent so many y years of his life advo cating the rights of the people had peculiar and great claims upon the country (loud cheers ) But whilst they bowed to the determination of that great man he appealed to them and to the country, was it not their duty to rally around the JSiujnir ! (Loud cheers he appealed to them whether it warrigal or will or proper, or commonly honest, that this great man should have the interests of his family sacrificed whose only object had been to maintain their rights and the rights of their children (Cheers ) He had declined to accept the demonstration proposed , well, then there was mother course open to them, and that was to support the J mp» e (Cheers ) And to stand by it They could do that without asking Mr 1 market's consent He was quite sure from his knowledge of the interior, that in every hamlet, village, and town, the most popular man was Mr Parkes (Loud cheers ) Not only was be the most popular, but it was a libel on the pastoral and agricultural interests to say that Mr Parkes was only the friend of those resident in towns, for he was the friend of the whole country (Cheers) And it was their duty to stand by him, as he hoped would do every man in the country Loud and continued cheers ) [Mr ROBERTSON I collected £5000 to pay on Sir Daniel Cooper's mor gage ] He referred to this matter In justice to himself and in reply to the attacks of hon. members on the Go > comment benches Mr ROBERT -SON rose to order The hon. member for Kiama was referring to matters not before spoken to In the debate, and therefore was irregular, there being no possibility of answering Bim The hon member made reference to him when he had no opportunity of reply and ought not to be allowed thus to over- ride the rules of Parliament. His (Mr Robertson's) objection the (circumstances alluded to was to obtain money to pay off the mortgage, and he collected £11,500 and handed it over to Mr Richard Jones Mr PARKES The circumstances he was Bpeauing of occurred six months before those alluded to by the hon. member [Mr ROBERTSON It was to pay off the mortgage ] Another meeting was convened on the 2nd February, the other have trie, been on the 24th January This was the advertisement Testimonial to Henry Parkes, Esq -Pursuant to resolutions unanimously passed at two public meetings held at the Royal Hotel, a public meeting of the friends and admirers of Henry Par ker, Esq , will be held at the Lyceum Theatre, A York-street this day, Monday the 2nd February, at 2 o'clock precisely the Honorable Charles Cowper, Esq., M P , his kindly consented to take the chair. The following resolutions will be submitted to the meeting - 1\. That the meeting is unanimously of opinion that the public services of Henry Parkes, Esq in the patriotic efforts which he has made for many years past to advance civil liberty, social progress, and good government, demand the sincere and grateful acknowledgment of every Australian colonist 2 That upon Mr Parkes's retirement probably for a long period, fr in public life, this meeting desires that a suitable and permanent memorial should be established of the high estimation of his public virtues by his fellow colonists and that a subscription be opened for the purpose of raising funds for the purchase of an estate, to be a vested in trustees for the benefit of Mr Parkes's family 3 J. hit the earnest co- operation of the Australian colonists in promoting the objects of this meeting, be solicited, and the, gentlemen favourable thereto be invited to aid in forming local committees, and in soliciting subscriptions in aid of the proposed testimonial C G Run Honorary Secretary " This he declined, and it came to an end It was in promotion of this testimonial the hon member delivered the speech quoted Six months afterwards the circumstances of which the hon member spoke recurred, and which now required some comment He (Mr Parkes) was then connected with the Empire newspaper There certainly was a mortgage on the paper of some '£11,000 or £13 000 to Sir Daniel Cooper, and a number of persons proposed to take it up from that gentleman, but in a manner to which he (Mr Parkes) objected no uUtcd his of sections in writing and was never a party to the transfer, except In endeavouring, to work it out after it was done. He wished to be left alone to deal with his estate as other people did with theirs He remembered when Mr J, L Montefiore requested him to name persons who would assent to the movement He (Mr Parkes) f declined to name anyone, not believing the course being taken would have the desired effect, and said he could not approve of, or be party to it the hon. member was one of a number to release the paper from air Daniel Cooper's mortgage, and what became of it' He (Mr Parkes) had spent seven years of his time to create this piper as a great independent public journal, acknowledged to be so by much higher personages than the hon. member But what did the gentlemen who tliUB by their own voluntary motions and without his concurrence or approval do when they placed them selves in Sir Daniel Cooper's position in relation to the property' They converted the paper into one of the vilest party organ, that ever existed in the country That was the matter to which the hon, member alluded 1 These were matters, however, having little relevancy to the subject under the attention of the House, but be bought on account of what had been urged in attacks upon him, he should have some latitude. Mr ROBERTSON And no one else After the insinuations indulged in and repeated aspersions cast upon him, he had a perfect right to take his own course in meeting those various charges The hon member had accused him of nearly every species of conduct that was unworthy He had insinuated that he had always had some object of self advancement in view in the discharge of his dance in this House, and hinted that he had always been seeking some office from or association with the hon member The hon member had at different times made offers to him-on more than one occasion had offered him permit Bent employment and on those occasions he (Mr Parkes) had refused it [Mr ROBERTSON That is not true neither one nor the other 1 The hon member must surely recollect that he came to his (Mr Parkes's) place of business and offered him places of great emolument is very direct terms, indeed, the thing could be established by writing The hon. member knew that he offered him the Inspectors of Prisons in direct terms The hon member knew very well that he (Mr Parkes) took very little time to decline it The hon member must know that he made some other letters, though not in such direct terms, and he must know that he offered him place in the Government with which the hon. member was identified, and that be declined this aUo 1 Mr ROBERTSON again rose to order The hon member was putting forth a number of statements not referred to previously in the debate, and not 'true He was quite sure it was irregular Mr Speaker was permitting the hon member to put forward these statements. He submitted that it was contrary to the nuns of Parliament to make use of those at elements every one of which he (Mr Robertson) could contradict and prove to be erroneous Mr SPEAKER said he did not think the hon member was exceeding the ordinary rule He had been attacked, and surely he was justified in making statements in explanation Mr ROBERTSON But not in introducing new matter. It was the practice in the House of Commons not to introduce new matter in a reply, and it used to be the practice here The matter was not introduced in the debate The allegations were flew and they were false Mr. SPEAKER thought the hon. member was entitled to proceed, Mr PARK said he was not in any way surprised at the conduct of the hon. gentleman He commenced, on this motion being submitted, a speech in which be made an attack us irrelevant and as unparliamentary as was ever made [Mr ROBERTSON You had the right to reply ] No doubt it was consistent in the hon member to endeavour to prevent him from reply- ing to the host of aspersions cast upon him (Mr Parkes) in this debate He hoped he know the limits within which he might travel, and he was satisfied that the Speaker was only doing him and the House justice in allowing "him to adduce such facts as were within his knowledge to rebut the statements which had been made to damage him in the opinion of the House and the country No one was so blind but that he could see the object of the hon. gentleman opposite He repeated the hon. member at different periods had sought to place him. (Mr Parkes) in permanent employment, and these offers were made at least some of them when he was arepre contain e of the people, but he rejected all of them To say that he was not offered office in his Government was to deny what was known to some of his colleagues and to many of his supporters There was one circumstance which had had considerable influence in his public life, which he would explain to the House Soon after his election for Kiama in 1861, it began to be known that the Ministry of which the hon member for the Clarence and the hon and learned member for the Lachlan formed part, was about to come to an end Parliament was in recess, and as the opening of Parliament drew near hon. members began to predict the fall of the Ministry The hon gentleman opposite waited upon him (Mr Parkes), and asked him to move an amendment to the Address, which amendment was subsequently moved by Mr Cowper and resulted in the defeat of the Minis by Mr ROBERTSON , is this all right, too, Mr Speaker' Mr SPEAKER said the hon member, in the course of the debate had been attacked, and surely he was entitled to bring forward facts in explanation of his conduct The hon. member (Mr Robertson) seemed to think he was not entitled to say anything that had not been said before Mr PARKES The hon member had repeatedly said in this debate that he (Mr Parkes) was actuated by some bad feeling towards him because he was not offered a seat in his Government, or because he was not consulted, and he wanted to show that he could not have taken office with him Well the hon. member asked him Mr Parkes) to move this motion, but he told him that he was not prepared to take any such course, and that although he disapproved of much that the Government had done, he could not say how he should vote The amendment was moved by Mr Cowper, the Ministry were defeated, and a dissolution followed During the time that the elections were going on the hon member saw him (Mr Parkes) several times and showed him at different times lists of gentlemen who were proposed to form the new Government, and in all these lists his own (Mr Parkes') name was included [Mr ROBERTSON Never] It was included with expressions anything but complimentary to the hon. ReiiUtman'Blatecolleagucr De (Mr Parkes) never encouraged or replied to, these conv rrsations Ev annually the non Parliament met, Mr Martin was defeated, and Mr Cowper was charged with the duty of forming a new Ministry Mr Cowper called upon him at about Q o'clock on the morning of receiving his commis- shop, and asked him (Mr Parkes) to meet him at the Doctor's He, (Mr Parkes) asked him what Doctor's, and he replied Dr sent He (Mr Parkes) was occupied just then, but an hour or so afterwards he went to Dr Lang's and found Sir Dr. and Mr Cowper in consultation. Mr Cowper said he had sent for him, as one of the oldest of his political friends, to consult him as to who should be his colleagues. He produced a list or about twenty names of gentlemen who were Anxious or eligible for office Upon this list were the names of Mr Lucas, Mr Caldwell, Mr Cunneen, and about eighteen others Laughter ) Mr. Cowper snM you seemydlHlculty is in having so many friends eligible for office in having such an overwhelming support (I nuclear ) If I had not so many friends it would be comparatively easy and many of my friends think the best way to 111 out of the difficulty will be 11 go back to office in a body " Dr. Ling muiU some reply, but the purport of fruit lb she thought come new blood ought to be infused into Ihi Minn, ty, (Dr LANG Hear, hear ). But the hon gentleman was so much embarrassed by Ina large support (Laughter ) Although this conversation took place on the morning on which he received his con mission, the hon. gentleman took four or five days to complete hikMinlstiy. and during that time he (Mr Parkes) saw nothing of him. On the last day he met the hon gentleman, who said he desired to see him He (Mr PuilicB) requested him to call upon him that evening, and he d'I Lu co are mdsntforun hour or so between 0 and 8 o'clock He Hand many things, and among others that the Government was rich yet named but he thought that something would be done at S n eli ck that night. Next morning he learnt that the names of tin ii iv Government had been submitted to the Governor at 8 oilockoutho previous afternoon, and he (Mr Parkes) after and then that under no circumstances would he politically nsso c" its; biggest e i 'o hon gentleman He had stated this before to his friends, and he now made the statement publicly It was in possible, as hon members would vote, for him to have associated with the hon gentleman in the present Ministry Had the hon gentleman not charged him with having some improper let ling towards him for not being included in his Ministry, he should not have made this explanation H he lived for fifty by this he could not politically associate himself with the lion noticed in in any way. Amongst the things charged against him (Mr. 1 takes) was that he brought this motion forward to conceal si ino delinquency of the late Government and this was said to withstanding a statement that some 20 gentlemen were pre 1 need to support him. He moved this motion in the exercise of his a night, and in the performance of his duty as a repre relative of the people It was clearly his right, and if he made a mistake in judgment he would pay the penalty by the disapproval of the numbers of the House No question of his right or his duty in this matter could he entertained. He was not desirous of making this motion, but suggested the names of other gentlemen to move c it. It was the unanimous wish of many hon gentlemen with whom he had been long associated that the motion should be placed in his hands, and he could conceive no position more honourable than This (Hear, hear ) He could shew clear rea- rons why This motion should be made, and be carried He was perfectly certain that the division would show that the Govern- in not did not possess the confidence of Parliament and unless he was much mistaken it did not possess the confidence of the country (Hear, hear ) An hon. member he thought it was the hon and learned member for East Sydney, Mr Burdekin stated that the decision of the electors showed that these gentlemen had the confidence of the country, and that Hu results, of the popular contests ratified the choice of his I excellency in calling these gentlemen to his councils He (Mr, Parkes) did not think be two contested elections were going on when this motion was placed upon the business piper, one in Van Sydney, and one in an electorate not far from the metropolis The result of the election for West by lines was the return of a gentleman who It was understood would support the present Government, but he did not think that the result of that election showed in any flattering manner that no voice of the constituency was against the rarllninintory Opposition (Hear, hear ) The old fellow was carried by 193 votes, so that less than 100 votes on the other side would have given the defeated I candidate a majority On the side of the winning candidate the Roman Catholics crossed as one man (Hear, hear) There was the largest family influence in the colony, the wealth of the candidate, the licensed v victuallers who were banded together, by circular us one man, the numbers of the Church of England of which the Campbell family had been munificent supporters, and the influence of the Cowper party. On the other side was an unknown man, with nothing but his avowed principles to depend upon, and yet this untried man was within 193 votes of the successful candidate e there were on the side of the winning candidate certain circumstances which were not very creditable that for instance, which took place at the doors of this Ch amber. In the clectl n for Central Cumberland, the Roman Catholic electors were massed in one man under the direction of the priests, and to his own knowledge, we had all the Government Julie nee brought to bear on the since side One Minister, think- ing that he was a little borough monger, went up to canvass at Liverpool under the delusion that he could I carry his man to the poll Notwithstanding all this, the gentleman supported by the Government was not returned , but the electorate which formerly returned the strongest and most inveterate supporter of the present Government (Mr Macpherson) now returned Mr Lyons Vv he then was to say that the popular voice was in favour of this Government' It is certainly not proved by the result of these two elections The Secretary for Lands the other night thought proper to make what he considered a very severe attack upon the hon and learned member for the Lachlan for something that the i hon gentleman did many years ago, but the hon. member forgot that since these occurrences the hon. gentleman accepted i dice in the same Cabinet, and served under him for sixteen months What were we to think of the mental and moral organisation of gentleman who could thus induce his old associates for something which occurred at a time long previously But the hon gentleman (Mr Forster) appeared last night in an entirely new ch racter, as an apologist for the (Go vernor The lion member approached the subject with "bated breath," with soft homed words entirely new o'; coming from the lips of that hon gentleman Among use or things he told us that we should learn to regard his 1 Ac 1 busy with the Mine reverence as the Queen was regarded by the British Parliament He recollected another occasion when the hon. gentleman spoke of another Governor (Sir John Note g) who had just left our shores full of honours, only to receive still greater at the hands of his Sovereign, and who he did not hesitate to say, lived in the affections of the whole people of this community eveep ing only the hon member The hon. member was row going to teach the country how to speak of the Governor, but possibly he forgot that in 1892 he indulged in a most vulgar but de of abuse against Sir John Young, and included under his cot estimation his present colleague the hon. member for the Cli fence There was then a question before the House of some cx por future for Government House not authorised by Parliament The hon. member (Mr. Forster) spoke upon that occasion and this was the language he then indulged in in speaking of the Governor of the colony, on the 12th september, 1892 The Governor war himself the cause of the reference by defending himself, if he had done since his arrival in the colony, into the position of a partisan From he very moment of his run diDg be had thus degraded himself to suit he views of a par- fit the party going about as a sort of appendage to dinners and ovations, where it was a standing condition of the programme i but the Ministers' healths should be drunk or they would not attend By these and similar proceedings he had degraded himself into the position of a partisan-a miserable foul-and near the House were beginning to find the cause a bon they saw the public money thus devoted in defiance of the expressed will of the house, they had a right to denounce the conduct of the Gi v Minor, and to stigmatise the procedure as an act of robbery The Governor must have been aware of the unconstitutional failure of the proceedings, and if he was not, he was unfit to be He Governor of this or any other colony He must have known But it was no part of his duty to take money from the public I write without 66 expenditure having been authorised by the I'm liament or the country. It might suit the Government to run j, but what they had done, but the time was when they won Id have denounced such conduct more strongly 111 y now under mood what Liberalism meant-it mount pulling their hands into the public purse and by binding the public money without the consent of Parliament " V i tbuB saw that this re pectful language of the hon member has adopted very late in Sue, for when it -until his purpose he e nld indulge in the coarsest strains against the (Queen's repre yet alive as he now did against the members of the Opposition , and we saw also that the charge of robbing the public treasury, which had been levelled against the late Administration, Were i equally lev clled against the gentlemen under vv morn he now served 'li ebon gentleman had told us that the Governor represented the people out of doors Was this the new Constitutional doctrine to which the country was to be restored by these gentlemen? He always. thought that the members in this House represented the people out of doors He should like to know where the hon gentleman's new doctrine was picked upon what part of the proceedings of the English Parliament in what work of authority on Constitutional Government did they find it enunciated ' Some observations were made with respect to the practice of the Governor in receiving advice for dissolving Parliament, to which I should like to refer He entirely agreed with the hon and learned member for the Lachlan that there was no such rule as that a dissolution should not be granted twice to the same Ministry He thought that that had be-. proved by the late Sir licitor General He also agreed with the hon and learned number (Mr Martin) that if any such rule existed, it could not be applied to the late Administration, because it was essentially different from that formerly in existence, and of which the hon and learned number for the Lachlan was the head He did not think that any such rule could be found in the practice of the Imperial Parliament, or was ever acted upon But he could not 11 In dissenting from the view of the hon and learned member, that the advice of the Minister should be noted upon as a matter of course It seemed to him that the Governor should act upon his own judgment in the situation under the light of existing circumstances The Secretary for Lands asserted that the present Ministry was us constitutionally in office as the last He did not think that that was the case Of course he admitted that the hon member for the Clarence was constitutionally commissioned to form it Go virulent, but the question arose whether it was constitutional for any hon member during; a proper sense of the responsibilities of his situation and a due regard for the interests of the country, to form a Ministry which he must be sensible had not a Paris I monetary support the difference between the two Ministries consisted in this, that while hon. members occasionally voted against numbers of the late Ministry, they at the same time dr stand their confidence in the Ministry as whole, whereas here members who were now g mg to vote for what they called fair play in the case of this Government, at the same time declared that they had no confidence in them (Cheers) The late Government, from the care they took office, had a decisive c majority Even on the occasion of the defeat of the late Government on the land bill by a majority of two the very next vote w s a vote reposing confidence in the Government and was can ted by a majority of ten The present Government had at the outset been met kv declare direct to confidence, which whatever might be the result of the vote on this occasion sufficiently proved that they had not the confidence of this House He objected to the present Gov cra- mental grounds which could be fairly and openly stated Vfier w but he had been of late, he had no confidence whatever in the present Government of the land question The hon gentleman at the head of the Government had gained a popularity in the country for his Land Acts of 1862, which he was afraid was not as strong as it used to be The country had not failed to observe that in the administration of' those Acts there had been very suspicious circumstances The country had noifulled to observe that throughout the hon gentleman's public course since he had repeatedly endeavoured to obtain si rats in the House for gentlemen opposed to his I and policy The hon. gentleman had now placed in the Lands-office a gentlemen who had always been a direct opponent of the Land Acts-(No)-wbo voted against free selection (Hear, hear) The present Minister for Lands voted for Mr Hay's amendment He voted against the principle of free selection before survey, and the hon. member knew it very well ("No, no," and "Hour hour") And the Treasurer did the some Mr. sAMUEL That question was not involved in the amendment at all Mr PIDDINGTON That was the amendment ! Mr, PARKES He thought all those circumstances, and the crowning circumstance that the hon. member was now one of our largest squatters, should induce the House not to place much reliance on him in regard to the land question One of the promise, or the hon. member was that he would introduce a system for promoting immigration We certainly did not want a ty here analogous to that which existed formerly under the hon gentleman's auspices and which had been fraught with evil to the country He objected to the present Government became Its leading principles would lead to the disruption of our public institutions altogether, and the extinguishment or liberty in the country So far as he could form an opinion of those hon gentlemen, he doubted their public honesty in relation to our Public schools He did not think they were entitled to credit for any assistance they give of the Government in the passing of this measure, except in, perhaps, his hon friend the Minister for V cents The House had been told by hon. members opposite that but for their assistance the Act would not have been passed The hon. gentleman at the head of the Government had said he kept a House together and helped to pass the bill The House owed little to him (Mr Robertson), little to his hon colleague the Treasurer, and still less the hon. member for the Hastings The bill was read a second time on the 10th October-nycs 30, noes 14 The only members of the Opposition who voted in the majority were Messrs 1 master, Joseph, Neale, Eckford, 1 liver, Garrett, and Alexander If those seven were taken away there would still be left a majority of 29 to 14 They could therefore have carried the bill, in spite of those hon gentleman then it was said that Mr Robertson kept the House together, when, in fact, Mr Robertson did not Mr. ROBERTSON said he paired off with Mr Cunneen on the second reading, and with Mr Forlonge at a certain period the remainder of the bill Mr PARKES the hon. member for the Hastings made a powerful speech on the second reading;. He will remember that the hon. mt Taber said "Let the Governmentbruntfor wind ensured like these and he for one, would follow it to tlcetrtietien," (Laughter ) He told the hon. member they were much obliged to him, but that they did not think of going to destruction The most conspicuous part of the hon member's speech was not attempt to identify the Public Schools Dill with State-aid to religion, He saw at once that wine the hon. member was going to give them his vote, the whole power or his reasoning; and croquet co was directed to round up the advocates of state-aid who formed the motored, to vote against the bill It was impossible for any one with an analytical mind not to have seen the drift of the speech The bill was read a second time on the 10th Octal ? r, London the 28th Mr 1 orator made unionism to adjourn the adoption of the report for a week thus playing into the hands in the comics of the measure The hill venue for a third reading on the list October Ag in the hon. member made a motion to obstruct and during the bit! When the bill came from the I constantly Council with amendments, those amendments were cor ride red, some were agreed to and others disagreed to A nuts age was moved by him If on 18th December, to send the bill both, whereupon Mr 1 bestir raised a question of order and made a motion in regard to the ruling of the Speaker When he could not fcetsuppoitto lins obstructive motion, he voted against the mrcMigc believes the support they received from that hon. get fat man, The third reading was carried by a majority of 10 to S, and In the majority wife, of the Opposition, Messrs Forster, S T Brown, Di iver, and Alexander only Deducting them 4, There would still be a majority of 30 to 5 It will be seen that all through this bill could have been carried with the assistance often numbers opposite during the progress of this bill, lim ugh committee, there were 37 divisions There was continuous instruction by the hon. gentleman who was now lost Master General Mr Forster voted with the Government 8 times put of the 87 M lint did they owe then to Mr Forster in regard to this bill! The hon. member was one of its most dangerous enemies In committee the lst clause the hon the I postmaster General moved as an obstructive motion that the Chairman leave the chair. Mr. Forster voted for that motion In the 8th clause, which provides for the establishment of 1 Hullo schools, the blank was filled up with " forty " 'the Government, upon fuller information, had arrived at the conclusion that the maximum of forty would be virtually to prevent Public schools being established Audit was proposed to fill up the blank with twenty five ' Ml 1 Forster voted for the retention of the words " forty" Hint was such an important feature of the bill, that he did not hesitate to say that if the hon. member had been successful, he would have rendered it impossible to establish Public schools unless forty children could be found regularly to attend It would have been impracticable to huvoeeiablishcd Public schools at all in new districts Mr. Forster voted with Mr Burt ned Mr Hurley for retaining the word "forty" (Hear, hear) Then if forwards the hon. gentleman voted with Mr Buchanan In minorities or two against majorities of 42 44, and 38 against the Gov on mont Hint was the assistance the Gover ment got from Mr Forster [Mr GARUP IT Because the bill was not victim enough ] He supposed the extraordinary run ark or the hon gentleman applied to the vote of Mr 1 orator to a prevent the establishment of Public schools at all Well, what has been the hon gentleman's conduct since" Ever since the bill had been the law of the land, the most conspicuous opponent of It had been the hon member the Secretary for Lands. The hon. member had endeavoured to embarrass the administration of the Act in every conceivable way, by all kinds of motions in that House, by laying hold of all sorts of stories from any school master, by trumping up um ridiculous charge and by attempt- ing in every way to throw discredit upon it How could it be said that the authors of that bill, or the Government who were responsible for its becoming 1 w, owed anything to Hint hon gentleman ' An hon. member The hon. member attended Mr Adams's lecture, and moved a vote of thanks ] He (Mr Parkes) had forgotten that circumstance The hon member had actually attended, in company with Mr Macpherson an arch enemy of the Act-to do honour to a public lecturer, who to for as he could, was attempting to destroy the bill But the oracle had spoken since he accepted the responsible position he now occupied And what did the hon. gentleman tell the tree ors of the Hastings What did this great advocate of seen lar iduciitton-this great supporter of the Public Schools Act till the electors of the H slinc,»' He would read an extract from the speech delivered by the hon. gentleman to his constituents - ' Now he desired to see Protestantism extended, but not by unfair means, not by wresting the laws to purposes not intended by the Legislature And as it was clear Denomination ii schools were meant to be maintained, he (Mr 1 Forster), though in favour of a purely si culture education in Public schools, yet would insist on the independence of Denominational schools being preserved, and that they should be allowed to teach what they pleased in their own way providing they reached a certain standard of education set up by the Government " Was not that directly opposed to the t provisions of the law as passed by the Legislature had the hon. member not announced tohlsconstltumts that he would play into the hands of great denomination in destroying the bill ' What was it that this great denomination required That they should have power to appoint teachers, that they should have the money in their own hands to spend that they should have their own books, and their own inspectors And the hon member told them that, so for as he was concerned, they should have then But what was said by the hon. member for Paddington, in whose honesty he (Mr Parkes) still had full belief that lion men her was not so skilled in the art of deception as the hon member to whom he had before alluded When the hon. member for Paddington was addressing his constituents, he was asked a question about the Public Schools Act, and he spoke out as he never would have done had he not been in paid company The hon. member could not conceal what his honorable chief would have concealed Well, what answer did this by men ber who was a sincere supporting the bill, who was a sincere advocate for secular instruction, who were desirous of seeing: the bill maintained in its integrity- [' Hear, hear," from Mr Sutherland]-what answer did he give the electors'' The hon. gentleman said, ' Every one knew his feelings In regard to the Public Schools Act As far as the present Government were concerned, they would do nothing to interfere with the working of this Act until there was a dissolution of Parliament" And there the plot come to light Would the hon gentleman have said that a year ago Would any hon. gentleman in his senses, who was a sincere supporter or any cause, impose a condition of that kind upon his belief He had always been accustomed to think that men when they believed in a court! would endeavour to maintain it " Come one, come all, this rock shall fly " and so on The hon. gentleman says he will maintain the Schools Act until it may be convenient to alter it, (Hear, hear) The hon gentleman then went on to say [Mr ROBERTSON Shame, shame) Was it a shame to tend the hon members own words' To show that he was sincere, he read the extract to the hon gentleman a week ago, and told him then he Mended to read it to the House [Mr st DERLAND You may tell the House what I said to you then Well, the boa I ci i le man went on to tell his constituents 'Whenever that (Resolution took place, it would be for the public to instruct their members on that point, and it would be for those new and boys to do what they thought proper with the Act As long as the present Parliament lasted that Act must be maintained in its integrity " (Cries of .' hear, hear,' from the Govern- mintbinches) he was very glad to bear the cheers on the other side of the House. He could understand very well that the hon member spoke the views of the Cabinet is the first instance, and his own determination in the second reading (Hear, hear ) We I, the hon treasurer never voted for the bill, either in the House or in committee [Mr SAMUEL I paired off with Mr Hay on the second reading ] Now, he appealed to the common set re of hon uif mbers to say how that could possibly have been the case when Mr tiny voted repeatedly, and the hon, member never voted once on the bill. The hon. member neither voted on the second or the third readies, or in any of the thirty-seven divisions in committee [Mr 8AMLLLL The hon number said I never voted for the bill ). He (Mr Parke") re sented it The hon Premier never gave the Bill his support The hon. gentleman said he paired off with Mr Cunneen on the second reading, and with Mr Forlonge on the other divisions of the bill The hon gentleman voted twice, but not on important motions [Mr ROBERTSON I voted once ; the hon. member will remember my being locked in hard, and voted as I thought Mr Forlonge would have voted J The hon. member voted with the Government twice, Mr for lunge would never have voted with the Government on that bill Supposing they accepted all those explanations to the fullest extent, what did they amount to" Did they show that any if those gentlemen were in earnest in their support ' [Mr ROBERTSON I sat here night after night ] When the 1 Itctoral Bill was before the House, was that the kind of support be (Mr Parkes) gave to it was that the kind or support he gave to the Land Bill is Would any man who desired the success of the school Bill have absented themselves on the plea of pair ng oil or on any other part, and not have allowed their names to have appeared in the divisions With regard to he hon. secretary for Lands (Mr 1 Forster), That gentleman absented himself altogether from the House, us to (Mr Parkes) believed, in order to bro uk up the Here on this bill And the hon member at the bend of the Government by Speaking on one or two occasions on unimportant features of the bill, and by sitting in the House and mi kins a quorum on one or two occasions, could not be said to have given his support to the bill. The hon the Postmaster Ge had met the bill with one or the most rancorous oppositions ever witnessed either that House or any other legislature Those were the gentlemen who claimed credit for b and supporters of the Public sohools Act He asked whether it was sure to entrust the Act to those gentlemen He thought he had conclusively shown that five members or the present Government were either direct opponents to the bill, or lukewarm and dangerous reads And the only member who supported the bill was the hen number for Paddington and he then belonged to the other blue of the House (Mr WISDOM Hear, hear t>lj00 a year") It was well understood that the utterances of the Ministers meant It was very well known that there was one section of the community who were opposed to the bill The law is Formed by the legislature, provided that the same secular in Biiuclion should be carried out, and the same inspection in Denominations as in public schools There was one portion of the community who resisted the low Only yesterday a case was brought under the notice of the Council of Education where one of the nuns who were now being employed in the Denominational Schools of this colony belonging to the Roman Catholic Church refused to examine her school at the request of the inspector up pointed to inspect the school That was not the first instance. He inspector (Mr nunnery), who was a member of the Roman Catholic Church when he visited the school at Balmain, that lady though receiving the Government money and appointed by the Council of Education according to be actually refused to ex mine her classes at the bar of this inspector Now, that was one of the alterations sought for a tin Act-that the inspection, which was considered in all parts of the world was so necessary to ensure results where public money was ex- po God that such inspection should be got rid of, and that persons should be foisted upon the schools of the colony, and be paid from the public Treasury, who should not honourable to the authorities established by law (Hear, hear ) That was one of the alterations which the hon secretary for Lands in languagE plain enough told us he will bring about if he find the power (Hear, hear, and cheers from the Government benches ) Another alteration desired was that they should select their own books And the hon Secretary told them, in so many words, that they »bouldbuxo their own books In the course of the present de- bate, and on other occasions, he had been accused of exciting religious animosities He denied the charge, as he had always indignantly denied it. He had never, in any way whatever, attempted to excite religious animosities in this country One thing he had done , he had insisted upon equal justice being done to all He had resisted aggressions come from whence they might So long as the public money was devoted to the promotion of education, the public ought to have a guarantee but teachers were properly trained, and that the inspection was bound and searcher g, and that the children should be treated without any sectarian interference and the schools should be open to all classes- He had said that and he had refused to pay der or to send to any priest or powerful authority, let him be who he might But be denied, for the hundredth time, that any single instance could be adduced to show that he had in any way endeavoured to excite religious an imposition But what were those gentlemen now in office doing? Could it be denied that they were the mere ins i parents of a dominant ord insolent priesthood, without whose support they could not retain their places for a single cry ' We knew the plan of operations and knew on the best authority, it was to be tried out in advocacy of this great charter of the people to secure power for sectarian peror es to this priesthood After an ecclesiastical agitation throughout the country, they had come to the conclusion, that in open field, or with fair means they would be powerless "and they had decided in all instances when the general election came on to adopt as their candidates liberal Protestants, what he (Mr Parkes) called accommodating Protestants, persons who had not thought on subjects of government, who had not given my attention to the public business of the country, who had no particular object before them in We and no special motive to guide them, but who, for the sake of getting a seat in the House would privately pledge themselves to have justice done to this priesthood. We knew very well the object and pan with, and if ever the e as a time when the thinking people of the country should exert themselves to pre- various Protestant character because illicitly was rooted in that chancing, it was to protest This was an old watchword often on the lips of' 1 militiamen but present ctriuuiitaict» would rev area planted men conspire the good must wHite " We bed for the first time an organisation perfectly i cried which had been deliberated upon, which had received ' the authority of the ecclesiastics themselves, and this powerful religious faction had a plan of operations promulgated and when thecemrnof unsteady habits, these accommodating Priteatinta. were found, this faction would vote for them to a man We know this was the case in West By day and in Central Cum a crowd at the ' mint elections, and we knew it would be the case in every case limit at the general appeal to the country What was the no Higher IheGoveinmentiii this great conflict that was before us-turn me at the propagation of one particular spot in the country 11 the expense of the public money W S knew well enough that by some contrivance or other, by means, of course, we should not see or be all c to prove they would get the support of this compact force, with the Catholic priesthood at its he did, and we knew that they dared not do anything; that would forfeit that supper [Mr. ROBERTSON It's false 1 Something had been done already, and as the hon number for Parramatta stated, a. feather was sufficient to show how the wind blow-somotlitnii had been done by them already We shall see what it was Some years ago a good deal of excitement was caused by the resistance made by himself (Mr Parkes) to Hi i retensiniiB of a set of gentlemen who represented themselves the Ce committee at Management of the Roman Catholic Orphan School Parramatta He discovered what satisfied him they were none committee at all, but trustees appointed by the Crown to apprentice the children, and he refused to acknowledge them in a con milled or management But what find these gentlemen in a free done with regard to this Roman Catholic Orphan School" I had was a gentleman employed In this school or the name of Cvt len, and that gentleman was suspected of conveying; Informs tion to him (Mr Parkes), although he had never seen him. and those persons, calling themselves a committee of authors and, were desirous of getting; rid of him They asked him as Colonial Secretary to dismiss this teacher He carried an investigation to take place, and found there was no reason for it Mr SAMLFLrosi to order He submitted that these statements were out of order, and could not be made, as the Govern- mint had no opportunity of reply Mr PIDDINGTON They are true. Mr sAMUEL They are not Mr PIDDINGTON Too true Mr bPEAlvI'll thought the hon member was going beyond the i cope of the debate Mr WINDED KIL said there was no definite case to prove, except tin vague proposition of wanton confidence, and therefore there was nothing to prevent any hon. number from stating any facts that went in that issue Mr SPEAKER said the hon member was not now quoting from records before the House open to all, but from records or the authenticity of which hon. members had not an opportunity of judging, and they might claim the right to make explanation Mr. PARKES submitted to the ceiling, and then proceeded to the Duncan case to show that this Gov eminent were unworthy of their present positions, That case was one which in all us bearing ought to awaken the suspicion of hon. members on both sides of the House. The Treasurer, on the first day that Pi filament met, gave notice to the effect that the late G ivern mint committed an act of injustice in their conduct towards this officer, and to the effect that he ought to be reinstated. The Gov r rament had now been nearly two months In office, and this case, which certainly might have been disposed of in a few days was just in the same state as that in which they found it Mr ROBt ElsON No) This gentleman w hen lending number of the Roman Catholic Church, and it would not do for the Government to say they would not restore him and, on the other hand, they had failed in taking my visit Up for his restoration At the same time, an hon, member, a supporter of the Government, came down to the House with a motion couched in almost the German language as the speech of the Secretary for Lands, and asked the House to affirm that Mr. Duncan ought to be reinstated, at d the other persons in the Customs affected by his dismissal restored to their former positions Could we form incident suppose all this time would have been consumed it not for the ci affecting circumstances of this gentleman being- related in society in the manner referred to. viz ROBERTSON We are i at going on with that matter with this question Is pending ] the hon member had six weeks to deal with it before the vote of censure come on and, as far as the outside world could see, no decision whatever had been arrived at. 1 his reminded one of the course which is in penned probable the Government, is permitted to hold offices were prepared to take on all questions, for in the outline of a policy they put forth there was one notable feature-that win the rry end of the newspaper postal charge It was difficult to understand how this could be effected by a Government which contained as Treasurer and Secretary for lands two gentlemen who had voted for it, and being a Government which contained a former Minis- or who was a party to its introduction But that was not the ground of excel now he took to this Government. The ground he took was that a permanent supporter came down to the House with a motion to justify them in their policy. This was the order of the play sometime ago, when a so-called great Minister openly told the House that if the Government could know what the House whether, they would be prepared to deal with it. Insts id of carrying out their own views on their own responsibility, they wished to put forward the means of asked mining the sentiments of others, so that they might proposed measures without reference to consistency, to meet the views of a majority That is the way constitutional government was to be restored among us, but that was not the way he should like to see it carried out here (Hear hear) The Secretary for Lands observed that alternations of Minist ties were healthy fortune body politic as winter and summer were to the physical world The hon. member might have gone a little further and have told us whether the present Government was to be regarded in the wind of the summer: and whether, if these alternations were really beneficial, their use was to be measured by their unit unit qualities, since their most manifest characteristic wn i c i city to hunt up dust-bin ips and fairest in all else for small delinquencies of the r predecessors insti- ad of looking to the interests of the country They had elis clos if during their short tenure of office moral unfitness to be tntniMCd with power, and appeared utterly unconscious of the riff 11 tlbiluiiB they had under- iken He Mr Parkes), like the hon and learned member for the Lachlan, objected to the hon men I am at the head of the Government in a country which was the country of their children, he did not think the hon member was fitted by character for that position Of all men in the Far lines in that hon member was the most notable for loose talk During the very debate he had given utterance to the mint in diet ified, senseless, and vulgar observations, which would be diver t liable to any person, and in an especial manner to a person at the head of the Government The hon. member told the horse that he did use slang terms in speaking or Mr Forster two ty years ago, whereas the hon member, wo knew, was con stittly using the same disgraceful language (Hear, hear.) He told them that his colleague Mr, Sutherland had been been two or three times Mayor of Sydney Had he been once the sum he had been in more Governments than any body else, whereas lev ns never offered office except by Mr. Cow per, and he always ace j ted it when ofle red (Hear, hear) He said he had been visited here with twenty two colleagues, but he (Mr. Parkes) the that it was not desirable to have been associated still so many colleagues in so short a time He told the House that the bel number, Mr De bulls who elected by his assistance, whereas he was elected In the face of his opposition He had continually consider his influence, but only three years ago Paris dress ed in Vi best Sydney by his hon friend Mr Windeyer, who was absent, and who stated he would not suf- elected He was elected d two years ago for the Clarence, but was opposed by a gentleman who said he would not sit if elected, and this gentleman lol id within fifty five votes of the hon gentlemen. He went back the other day and made more pro miles to expend public money than had ever been made by fore to any constituency, to secure his election Isol ling to go, there with an election for the xorthoruGold-FicUls and the hen member sent up Mr William Hanson and gave him a is our of accommodation, but Mr Hoskins polled i to I more votes than Mr Hanson The hon. gentleman's popularity had nearly expired, and he was now regarded to be the most insincere of all our public men The hon gentleman's name was connected with the land laws, but with nothing else that reflected credit upon him, and he had done more than any other man to damage our of stitutions, and to under seat in this House undesirable to mm of laudable ambitions (Hear, hear) The Secretary for Lai is (Mr Forster) had only been remarkable for his utterly imp practicable character. He had been described as " disagreable in opposition insufferable as a supporter, and four us a col league ' With regard to the Solicitor-General, who displayed a great deal of innocence in his speech, he said he could not understand how a vote of want of confidence could be carried again in a Government that had done nothing He (Mr Parkes) thought there was some ground for a want of confidence motion He thought they were incapable of doing anything. This get in man told them that " measures not men had become a em Mitutiornl proverb This in his opinion, and in the opinion of George Canning (from whom the hon. gentleman quoted was a city- hw ord for unthinking politicians, find it generally covered incapacity and unncqualntunce with public affairs to the early days of responsible good rnment the Attlee; Mommy Herald applied various epithets to the hon member for the Clarence At also time he was called the Robespierre of this colony, and at another the Jack Sheppard But if the Robespierre, he must be considered destitute of the purity of that remarkable man, and if the Jack Sheppard, he must be considered devoid of the con listing daring of that I noted highwayman El had been in characterised as crotchety, but honest, but he believed he was now the most dishonest of all our public men He had been described as holding; with the bare and running with the lion! ds, ord such had been the whole course of his political life. He (Mr. Parkes) had been charged with deserting from the late Government He left it when it was powerful, and when it might have continued to be powerful in Parliament, but what did the pre nut Secretary for Lands do' When associated with the hon. and burned member for the Lachlan, and when, after defeat in a general election, he saw his ministerial death staring him in the face, he sneaked away on a pretence of some appointment not ben t, made to the Upper House, and that too a day or two before the vote or censure on the Ministry was carried Was this gentleman in a position to taunt him (Mr Parkes) with deserting the late Ministry" He questioned whether this gentleman ever possessed the confidence of this House or the country. This gentleman introduced the question of education, as if to make some observations about his (Mr Parkes') defective education He never pretended to an educated man, and he made no charge against any one for want of education The hon mci lir for the Hastings went on to ask what his outcry about education meant except the exclusion of the working classes from power He (Mr. Parkes) never heard baser claptrap than that (Cheers ). He knew the working classes well If you want examples of probity, of delicacy of feeling, of a sense of public honour, you must go to the best part of the working classes to find these qualities, and he was perfectly satisfied that the self-educated mechanics of Sydney would never desire to see any member of their body cleared to a position which, instead of doing honour to himself, if he were unfitted for the post, would expose his deficiencies He thought that the motion which had been entrusted to his hand would do more towards restoring responsible government and correct party action than any other motion which had been submitted for a very long time past If the Government obtained a majority, so for as he was concerned he should accept it. It was not one, two or three, who told us that they were so rate vote on the Government side to night although they bail delivered speeches severe condemnation or the Government W hot could be more severe in censure than the speeches cribe Rev Dr. Lang, Mr. Hoskins Mr It stewart, or several other hon. members' The House was about to divide on this motion, Of course hon. members would vote as their consciences and their judgment directed them They would vote in view of the public interest, and it was not for him to quit sion the propriety of the course they took or the motives by which they were influenced Ae be denied that it waBopento at > gentleman in question his motives in any course he thought proper to pursue, so it was not for him to call in question the motives of others But it appeared to him that if we regarded Government in its highest sense, if we locked to the general interests of the public, if we wished to muir tain those portions of our laws and institutions which we had won after many struggles, and which we thought of most value, we should be slow to give our votes so as to and that the present holders of office in power He thought after a dull passionate and fair review of the present situation of the country, a fair regard to its interests would lead to an opposite conclusion. He, for one, denied that this was any question he tween the late and the existing Governments. Hodeniod altogether Hint it necessarily followed that if this motion were carried ibutbcshou'd hue anything to do with an incoming Ministry The simple question was, were the gentlemen now in power the best men which this House could supply for managing the affairs of the country " It would be strange to him if bon mern bees, on a dut und d spassion de exercise or their rights, and in a calm and deliberate view of the public interests, could arrive at a conclusion on f vourable to the present holders of office. He be- in v i d that the sense of this Assembly was very different and be laid upon those gentlemen who. believed with him that a Gf element might be formed much more acceptable to the country, ninth n incapable ofmnnugit our affairs, which would reel c ii i larger mc turn the confidence of the people out of door to vote on his side in displacing from their offices the convict feeble, shifting creedless, degenerate Government (Cheers) M bly 111 ULAND hope to make a personal explanation he said that the day before the Government but but House be allied be called gnee, "Are you pftfldied'it» allow the present Schools Bill to he maintained in its integrity, and the present advance. (ration of ii I I He know that Mr. Alick' "id Professor Smith would go out at the end of the year, and he was not prepared to bring to an Administration that would not reinstate those gentlemen in their present position. His coK'nguos said, " We are all favourable to it." (Hear, hear, from Mr. Robertson, and other members of the Government.) Upon that he agreed to join them (Cheers.) The motion of Mr Parkes was then put, and negatived on the following division: Ayes, 25. Mr. Martin Mr. Lee Mr. Tunks Piukm Oatley Piddington Windeyer Wisdom Farnell Wilson J. Campbell Lacltoy Enerar Dodds Tighe Hums Nowlan Isaac by i nea J. B. Suttor Do Balla I Rodd Walker J. Stewart of Temora. Lucas Mr. W. R Campbell Cunneen Gordon Garrett Thoroton S. C. Brown Driver part Dr. Lang Tellers, Noes, 23, Mr. Robertson . Mr. Hill Forster Hurley Samuel Lloyd, , Joseph son Eckford Renn Bell' ? Sutherland Terry Smart Neale Burdekin Alexander Cummings , Morrice R. Stewart Macleay The announcement of the division was received with cheers and counter cheers. CHAIRMAN OF COMMITTEES Mr. ROBERTSON moved,-" That Mr. Garrett be Chairman of Committees of the Whole House for the remainder of the present session." Mr. MARTIN moved, by way or amendment,-"That all the words after the word 'That' be omitted, with a view to the insertion of the words J. Fitzgerald Burns be Chairman,' " 66. He made this motion because, in his opinion, Mr. Garrett had not at all times manifested that impartiality which they had a right to expect in the Chairman of Committees. The question, "That the words proposed to be omitted stand part of the question," was put and carried on the following division :- Ayes 2". i Mr. Robertson Mr. Cummings Samuel Burdekin Forster Dr. Lang Josephson Mr. Neale Egan Bell Sutherland Lloyd Hart li. Stewart Hurley Eckford Terry Gordon Mr. Macleay W. K. Campbell Cunneen Smart Morrice Alexander S. C. Brown Driver, I Thornton, F , , Tellers. Tellers. Noes, 22. Mr. Martin Mr. Dodd Mr. Farnell Eagar Nowlan Isaacs . Parkes Leo Walker - Windeyer Tighe Byrnes Allison Tunks Lucan, i Piddington J. Stewart Do Balls,' Lackey Wisdom v J Campbell J. Suttor The original motion was then put and carried by 27 to 22-the division being the same as before. r The result was received with much cheering by hon. members on the Government benches Mr. GARRETT returned thanks for the honour conferred on him, and expressed his opinion that the appointment of the Chairman of Committees ought to be not sessional, but for the Parliament. It at any time he had seemed to act with partiality, he had not done so intentionally, who had erred, his errors had been those of judgment, and in the future as he had endeavoured to do in the past, when in the chair he should know no party, but decide all questions impartially and honestly. Mr. BURNS explained the circumstances or his candidature. He said several hon. members were absent who had promised to vote for him, and expressed his conviction that Mr. Garrett's victory was a chance one. He was, however, content with the decision of the House, and begged to tender his acknowledgments The House adjourned at 1 o'clock until 3 to-day. 