HOLY WEEK. The learned and pious Dom Gueranger, whose Annee Liturrjique is so universally and so deser vedly admired, has written a whole volume on the two last weeks of Lent ; we do not know of anything rnors intensely interesting, or replete with more solid instruction aud edification. We cull, here and there, what seems to us most beautiful, and bent suited to our pious readers, at an epoch of the year when the liturgy absorbs, more than at any other, the attention of all, aud gives utterance to the i»«li-j«f-. f-Tm'-»i»ainna nf fp.rvrmr. As early aa the thi«-d century, Holy Week was held in tho greatest veneration ; such is the express testimony of St. Denis, Bishop of Alexandria. In th« following age, we ,-find it called the 'Great Weak,' by St. John Chry3oa tom, in one of his homilies: 'Not because it has more days than any other week,' says the great Doctor, 'nor that its days have more hours ; but because of the greatness of its mysteries.' We see it also designated by the name of ' Painful Week' (pceaosa) : first, from the suf ferings of Jesus Christ it commemorates, and the great fatigue its celebration uaavoidably causes ; also the 'Week of Indulgence,' because 'Penitents' were admitted to pardon; finally, ' Holy Week,' because of the sanctity of the mysteries which it calls to mind. Holy Week is the name now universally received among Ohria tians. During these holy day6 the fa3t of Lent is more rigorously observed ; it is the supreme effort of Christian mortification. Abstinence ia more absolute, not only in the quality of food, but in the quantity. la Holy Week the fast is extended, among fervent souls, as far as human, strength oould allow. - St. Epiphanius tells us that there were soaie who protracted it from Monday morning until the cock crew on Easter morning; the others contented themselves by abstaining two, three or four days consecutively, witbrmb tasting anythiug. But the common practice was to remain without taking aaj' food from Thursday evening till Eastar Sunday. Tha Viyils, or pioas watches far advanced iu the night, wero likewise one of the characteris tics of Holy Week in the first centuries of the on Maundy or Holy Thursday, after having cole United the Divine Mysteries, iu couftoiemora tion of th« Last Supper, the people used to per 80-'cre ''long in prayer. The whole sight of Good Friday was thus spent, to honour the sepulture of the Saviour ; but by far the longest of those pious vigils was that of Holy Saturday, which lashed until the dawn of Easter morning. AH the paoplo took part in it; all attended at tho final preparation of the catechumens, at their baptism ; and they separated only when they had a3.-iisfced at the celebration of the Holy Sacrifice which ended ax uunrise. For a long time all business remained sus pended during Holy Week, the civil law joining with the law of the Church to. produce that solemn vacation from labor and business, which so strikingly expressed the mourning of Chris tianity. Th« thought of the Sacrifice and qt the doath of Cli rut was then the goueral thought ; ordinary rotations gave room to Divine offices and prayer in whioh all mortal life was absorbed, while abstinence aud fasting claimed all bodily strength, and endurance. We may easily com prehend what impression was produced upon the rest of the year by such a period of complete suspension of all human avocations, and when we call to miod the§ severity with which Lent 'had| already weighed for full five we«ke as a restraint upon bodily, aspirations and aenaual appetites, we conceive with what ; candid .and., heartfelt joy Easter was welcomed, as it -brought wi^h. its solemn tidinge,1 the regeaeration of the soal, and relief of the body. In the primitive times Christian princes were not satisfied merely to arrest the arm of human justice, but they also sought, in those days of mercy, to render a sensible homage to tho pater nal goodness ef God, by commanding the pri soners' chains to be broken, the doors of their dungeons unbarred, and liberty gWen to those unfortunate ones who groaned under the weight of the sentence pronounced against them by the tribunals of earth. None were excepted, save those criminals guilty of the gravest crimes. The last emperors established a law' to this effect, as we learn from one of Saint Leo's ser mons. For a long time the Roman Emperors have observed this holy institution, by which we see them, in honour of the passion and re surrection of our Lord, modifying their power — relaxing the severity of their laws, and pardon ing a number of criminals —wishing to show themselves by this clemency imitators of the mercy of Heaven during these days wherein it has deigned to save the world. May all Chris tians, in their burn imitate those princes ; and may the example given by the Sovereign induce a mutual indulgence among subjects ; for do mestic laws should not be more rigorous than the public ones. All animosities should then be laid aside ; all injuries pardoned ; all resent inenta stifled, in order that on the part of God, aa well as on the part of man, everything should contribute to re-establish the innocence of life that should accompany the august solemnity for which they are preparing. Succeeding revolutions in Europe have effaced from public morals and legislative acts all the inspirations they had borrowed from the super natural sentiment of Christianity. Hence comes tha cry repeated ia every tone, that all men are equal among themselves. It would have been superflous to try and convince Chris tian people of this during the ages of faith, for they saw it verified when, on the approach of the grand anniversaries which recalled so vividly Divine justice and mercy, tha princes abdicated, so to speak, the sceptre, remitting to God him self the chastisement of the guilty, while they seated themselves at the Paschal banquet of Christian fraternity, by the side of those men, whom but a few days before, in the name of society, they had retained in chains. The thought of God, in whose eyes all men are sinners ; of God, from whom alone proceed juaiiUB iiuu jjuruun wu» iiiiu uu«*raciiuriauo oi na tions in those days, and they could, in all truth, date the Ferias of Holy Week in the manner of the diplomas of those ages of Faith, 'under the reign of Our Saviour, Jesus Christ : Regnante Domixo wottro Jesu Chritto.' At the close of thos« days of holy and @hris tian equality, did subjects fesl a repugnance to resume tie yoke of submission to their princes ! Did they seek to take advantage of the occasion to draw up a charter en the right of man ! Not in the least ; for the aam* thought that had humbled the fasces of legal justic* before the cross of th« Saviour, revoaied to the people the duty of obedience to the poweir established by God. God w«b 4he reason of the power and of the submission ; and dynasties could succeed one another without the resf ect of authority being weakened in the heart. At the present day th« influence of the saered Liturgy is ao longer felt upon soriety ; religiou has Bought a refuge in the depths of the hearts of the faithful, and political institutions have become the expression of human pride, which wishes to command, or refuses to obey. THB KTSTBRIBS O» HOLT WJBBK. We have spoken of some of the beneficial cus toms of Holy Week, as observed among early Christian nations. Let us now briefly refer to some of the mysteries of this solemn season, which are so touchingly explained by Dom Gueranger. We regret that space does not per mit us to reproduce the whole of those eloquent patjes : 'Our Saviour m raising Lazarus from tho grave drew upon Himself, to the utmost, the rage of His enemies ; and tho people, excited at seeing a corpse that had been four days buried, now walking the streets of Jerusalem, asked one another. ' Will .the Messiah perform greater miracles thaa that ? Has not the time arrived tor us to chant Hosanna to the Son of David ?' In a short time it would no longer be possible to check the enthusiasm of the children of Israel. The priucee, the priests, and the ancients had not a moment to lose if they 'wished to prevent Jesus of Naaareth from beine proclaimed Kin*? of the Jews. During these days we are going to assist at their infamous councils ; the blood of the Just i« goinj to be sold and paid for, with thirty pieces of money. The Divine Victim, betrayed by one of His Disciples will be judged, con demned, immolated ; and the sacred Liturgy will now represent to the faithful, in the most expressive manner, tha circumstances of this sublime drama. For a long time has the joyful Alleluia been banished from her hymns. Now ohe suppresses even the cry of glory consecrated to the adorable Trinity — those words which the Church so loves to repeat ' Glory be to tho Father, to the S»n, and to the. Holy Ghost.' Her chants have become too mournful, and thin accent of jubilation, would sound out of nlace in th« desolation that has Bubnaerged her h«»rt. Hsr lessons in the offices of the aight ar« ' taktiii from Jeremias, of vshoso deep, moarning no ecjnal can be found in the other Prophets. The colors of h«r vestments are those she wore the day she placed the ashes upon the humble heads of her children ; but ou the dawning of the rudoutable Friday violet is not sufficient for her sadness ; she clothes heraelf with black, like those who weep the death of a mortal ; foi her Spouse truly died on that day. The sina of taan, and the rigor of justice have ?' weighed upon Him. Is ths borrow of tkt ( agony He has rendered His soul to 'rli* Father .^M the .expectat.ion.of.. tbiMerribl&.hour^thi Church manifests her SOrfowful presentments by covering. in advance, the image of her DivW Spouse. The cross itself is coacealed from th« eyes of the faithful; it has disappeared under a dark veil. Images even the most holy are no longer seen ; it is but right that the servant should withdraw when the glory of the Master is eclipsed. Interpreters of tho Sacred Liturgy tell us, that the austere custom of veiling the cross expresses the humiliation of the Redeemer, who was forced to hide Himself to escape being stoned to death by the Jews. From the eve of Passion Sunday this solemn rule is enforced, and with such rigor, that even- '?' in those years when the feast of the Annuncia-'- ' tion falls iu Holy Week, the image of Mary Mother of God, remains covered on the very day itself, when the Angel saluted her -full of grace and blessed among women. 