\--;-¡ CONSECRATION OF 8T. ANDREW'S . OATflEDRAL. Tho Right Reverend Frederick, Lord Bishop of Sydney, and Metropolitan, assisted by tho Bishops of Adelaide, Melbourne, Nowcaatlo, Brisbane, Goulburn, and Tasmania, consecrated tho Cathedral Church of S: Andrew,. Sydney, yesterday, being St Andrew's) Bay, in the presence of 'several thousand peoplo. Shortly after 0 o'clock the oitizons began to assemble in clusters, eomearriving in carriages, otbors ia cabs, largs numbers in omnibuses, and hundreds from tho country by train. But though many wero admitted to tho enclosure at a quarter to 10 o'olock. tho Cathedral doors wero not oponed to the general public until tho advertised tima Tho weather was delightful. His Excellency tho Earl of Belmore, tho Countess of Belmore, and suite, Sir Alfred Stephen, and othor distinguished porsonB, tho Maror nf Sydnoy and Lady, and a largo concourse of our prominent citizens arrived at 10 SO. The doors of the western and south transept were surrounded principally by ladies. Admission t> seats could only at Ant bo allowed by tickets, though hundreds afterwards ob fained admission to the forms, without' cards. Outside tho Cathedral enclosure, many hun- i drcds of peoplo were collected to notico tho arrivals. Every precaution had been taken by tho Inspootnr-Genoral of Police to secure ordor outside, and tho Chapter, with the aid of Mr. Blackot, had boon so far successful in their arrangements as >o prevent disappointment to tho crowds who wore desirous of participating in tho Consecration Service. The bishops and clergy assombled in the Tomporary Cathedral at 10 ÎI0, whero they put on their surplices, hoods, and trenchor caps, according to each ono's degree. Tho scarlet hood w«s worn, os is geno.-ally known, by University doctors; tho blu.) trimmed hoods dehotod tboao from Mooro College; trimmed with black, licentiates from tho University of Burham ; trimmed wi.h whito fur and black lining donoted Bachelors of Art; tho light blue, Sydooy University ; black lining with crimson, Masters of Art, Oxford University. Thoro was littlo distinction between tho hoods of D.iotora of Divinity and LL.D.'s, both having hoods of pink, with silk lininjr, tho latter being a littlo more crimson Tho procession was formed at 10-15 a.m. Tho elcrgymon, numboring in all aixty- eight, walked in twos t'rnm fhn Tnmnnrnrv iluHiodi-nl tn fhn woefn-n entrañen of tho Cathedral. Toe clergymen of tho diocese of Newcastle lcd tho procession, followed by the clergy- men of tho dioceses of Qoulbnrn und Sydney. Thon followed ike Right It»vore-d Bishops ot New- castle, Goulburn, Adelaide, Melbourne, Brisbane, and Tasmania, and, lastly precoded by his Vergor, I ho Lord Bishop of Sydnsy. Among the clorgymon woio tho BOTS. Messrs. Bewsell,-T. Wilson, Leigh, Britten, Dr. Tucker, Dr. Barry, Itich, Moleton, Hillyer, O'Beiby, Bailey. Cave, Lumsdaino, Kommis, Napoleon Woodd, Blackwood, Young, GarnBoy, Hungerford, Soares, Bogers McDowall Wilkinson, Tingcombe, W-jods, Doak, Tnomas Smith, Allworth, Creony, Donkin, J. BOBS, Tendrill, H S. King, G. King, C. J. Begg, Gunthor, Vaughan, Dunning, Middloton, Stephan, Druitt, Farmer, Hayden, Bodo, Simm, Walsh, Csrlotto (Precentor), and numerous othors. Whoso namos wo could nu' conveniently ascurtaiu. Shortly before ll o'clock, tho Dean and Chapter went down the nave ti recoivo iho Metropolitan, and proscntod a petition for tho consolation Tho Bishop rep.ici, assenting to tho request, and thon walked up tho nave followed by Ibo other Bi diops and the clergy, repeating responsively tho 21th Psalm. Having roauhed the chancel, thc B shops toik th. ir places at tho Lord's Tablo, and tho clergy sit near thom. Tho choir, consisting of forty-five adult choristers, and objut au equal number of youths, ocoupiod tho stulla bjtweeu tho clergy and tho pulpit. Before tho pulpit, close to the lector, sit his Excellency Earl Belmore and Lady Belmore, Near thom wore Mr. Charles Cowper, Oiptain Beresford, A D.C., Mr. Private Secre- tary Toulmin, Lady Stephen, and Mrs Deas Taomaon Seats had boan arranged for seventeen . hundred persons, and all wero closely filled up. Tbero was a propondoranco of ladies in tho congregation. When all had taken their placs, tho METROPOLIT AK, standing on tho ri^bt of tho Lord's table, said: " Dearly beloved in tho Lord: Forasmuch as devout and holy mea, as well under the law as under th o gospel, moved cithor by tho secret inspiration of tho Holy Ghost, or by tho oxpross command of God. or by their own reason and souse of or 1er and decency, have erected houses fer th* publie worship of God, and separated them from all profauo and common uses; which godly practico hath a manifest ! tendency to fill men's minds with a becoming ! re verene) to tho Divine Majosty and tn effect their hearts with devotion and humility in the ?orvico of God : Let ujihutubly hope, that our heavenly Futhor ?will favourably approve our prcsont puTpoee, of setti.io; apart this p ace in solemn manner for tho performance of the several offices nf religious worship : and let us faithfully and devoutly beg His blessing on this our undertaking." Aftor the Lord's Prayer, tho following pray were offered by tho Bishop : - " O Eternal God, mighty in power, of majesty : comprehensible, whom tho heaven of heaven« caar contain, muco less the walls of limpies mndo wi harnU; who yet has bo n graciously pleased to prom Thine especial presence in whatevor place ovon two three of Thy faithful servants shall assemble in Ti name to turor up their supplications and thoir praises Thee: vouchsafe, Ü Lord, to ba now present wi ns, who aro hore gathored together consecrate this placo, witn all humility a readiness of heart, to the honour of Thy great nan separating it henceforth from all unhallowed, ordinär and rom mon us>e, and dedicating it entirely to Tl tervico, for reading therein Thy most Holy Word, f celebrating Thy holy Sacraments, for offering to Tt glorious Majesty the sacrifices of prayer and thnnlt giving, for blessing Thy people in Thy nanto, ar fer performing all other holy ordinanors. Accept, Lord, this ser vico at our hands, and bless it with sue success as may promoto Thy glory and tho aalvatt'c of Thy people, through Jesus Christ our Lord ac Saviour. Amen. " Regard, O Lord, the supplications of Thy sor vant and grant, that whosoover shad bo dedicated to Theo i this Houso by baptism, may bo sanctified by tho Hoi Ghost(tl and being m ado a living member of Christ's Churol may ever remain in tho number of Thy faithful an elect children. An-en. " Grant, O Lord, that they who in this plac shall in their own persons renew the promises an vows mada for thom by their sureties at their bat tism, and thoreupon shall bo confirmed by tho Bishoj may continuo Thino for overhand being prosorvod ii tho unity of Thy,Ohurcb, may daily inoreaae in Tb/ Holy Spirit moro and moro, until tboy como to Tain everlasting kingdom. 'Amen. "Grant, O Lord; that wbosoevor Bhall receive in thi placo tho blessed sacrament of tho Body and Blood o Christ, may como to that holy ordinance with a true penitent; heart; lively faith, and- perfect oharity ; ant being flliiij with Thy grace arid heavenly boncdiation may, to thoir great and endiosa comfort, obtain ro mission of '. thoir sins, and all other, benefits of il ii passion.' Amen.,. ',; 1 ' ? . . , " Grant, O Lord, that by Thy holy word, .whioh shall'bi read and preached in this pino», and.by Th; Holy Spirit grafting it inwardly in tho heart, thc hearers thereof may both' perçoive "and know wh al things they ought to do, and also may bavc graco and power ' faithfully to fulfil tho same." Amen. ...' " Grant, O Lord, that whosoever shall bo joined together in th io place, in the holy ostato of matrimony, may' faithfully ? perform ' and keep' tho TOW and covenant bo\woct' thom made,. and remain in porl'eot love, tögb'hcr iintii; their lives' end. ' Amen, "Grant,. Q1i:örd,,,Lbdt'wb\V606vei) shall bonfess thoir einn and offer up their prayers and pratsoi tinto Thy Divine,"Majesty'in' this - place may draw near unto Theo with'.tfuchVfl'tcadfáBtnosi'of faith, and'witu'Buch eeriousceai.lBinccrityand devout, affection of mind that they may bo graciously accepted in Thy s ght. Lord, pardon their sins,J compassionate their- iafiimi tles^ Enn'otify jhciii by Thy Holy Sprrit, and conduct thom in tho paths of righteousness to lifo cvorlaBting. Amen. " Now' untó 1 tho 'tong' Eternal; Immortal, and Invisiblo, tho cnly Wise God, tao Eather, tbeSon, and the holy Guest, be ho.ieur and glory, for over and cvor Anion." ' " ' '' "?' ¡".'......» Tho Chancellor of "tho. Diocese, Alexander Gordon, Esq., then read the aentenco of , consecration, whieh'Wos sîgnod by tba Metropolitan, registered, and laid on tho oommuniftn tablo. Tho Metropolitan then took his place un tho throne, and tho Bishop of, Ado laido occupied thc seat on tbe.right of-the .Communion TAblq.r,'rhq.morning, service was read, by "Ile v. J. 0. Oerlottei.JPrecoritor' 't>f'.1 t'liri1 CAthoflran'Tho psalms for tho dey were'tho 8itli: tho I22rid,'nrid th;e'llB2ud. Tho Deon of Sydnoy" read! from'iho .Uctor,'tho first (son-Tho lit Kintse, chap. 8, vereca 22 to 02, oing tho prayer of Solomon at tho dedication of the temple. Tho ohoir and the whole 'congregation sane the Te Dcum. Tho Hov. Canon Stack then road, from tho lector, the eecond loai-n Luke. -Ith chapter, verses l-l to 21. After tho collect for St. Andrew's Day, tho Metropolitan ea:d tho following: " O Lord God, who dwollost not in tomp'os made with hands (as saith tho prophet) yet hast over vouchsafed to accept tho devout endeavours of Thy servants, allotting special places fer Thy diviue worship, promising, even there, to hear and grant their requests: Wo humbly boseech Thoo to ncceut af this day's duty and sorvica of dedicating this Ouurch to Thy great and glorious Name; fulfil, O Lord, wejir.iy Theo, Thy gracious promises, that whatsoever prayer in this sacred place shall bo made according to Thy will, may be accepted by Thy gracious favour, and re- turned with tho desired success, to Thy glory and our comfort, for tho eako of Jesus Oniist our Saviour. Amen." During this portion of tho service, tho first anthem " O ! how amiable aro thy dwellings !". - was nlao stiRg. Tho music, both vocal and instrumental, was managed with great precision, and tho effbet waa very impressive and "gratifying. At tho conclusion of tho usual morning prayer, "tho Brat hymn was sung " Christ is maio tho sure foundation." &c; Tho Bisnop of Adolaido thon road tho introductory portion of tho Communion Service, in which tho fol lowing pnyor A as offorcd by tho Metropolitan : .. O most glorious Lord God, we acknowledge that we are not worthy to offer unto Theoauytbing belong- ing to us; yet wo uosecch Thoo, in Tny groat good, ness, graciously to ncsopt the dedication of this pl K O ta Thy service, and to prosper this our under-akin;; ; rctoivo tho prayers and intercessions of us, natl nil others, Tiiy servante, who either now or hereafter entering into this houso shall call upon Theo; and givo both them and us graco to preparo our heart- to servo Theo with rovorenco and godly fear; affect us with an awful apprehension of Thy Divino Majesty, and a deep sense of our own unworthiness; that so, approaching Thy swotuary with lowliness and devotiou, and coining before Theo with olean thought;) nud pure hearts, with bodies undefiled and minds snnotitied, wo may always perform a fervico acceptably to Theo, through Jesus Christ our Lord. Amen '' Tho Bishop of Goal' urn read the existió in Romans, 9th chapter. Tho Gospol for the" day, in Matthew, chapter 4, was r-ad by tho Bishop of Mel- bourne. Tho second hymn, " Ohriat ia our corner stone," having beon sung, the METÍIOPOITAN ascended tho pulpit, and after charging the people to pray for tho Church, tho Queen, tho Gc vernor, ihe Parliamont. and magistrate, preach, d a sermon, on llaithow 19: ' Follow rn?, andi will malro you Ushers < mon," Aftor somo roinurks on tho narrative, J affirmed tho duty of all men to follow Christ; at sh owed tho nature of their calling who. in following Christ, become "fishers of men," wisely winning s u to Christ. Ho commended to the imitation of tl people tho esamplo of St. Androw, who calloi his o* brother Simon to follow Ohrist. Thin commontiu on tho work of ministers of tho Gospel, ho showc how vain it was to expect success in any other way than in following Christ. Tho heart must first I givon to Christ and Ilia work. Without such self devotion, followed by meditation and prayer, Apos tolical descent, primitive practice, and Scriptural order would be all in vain. Nothing of this nature can be substituted for that active and intelligent zeal which seeks to win souls to Christ by the great ordinance cf his appointment, the preaching of tho Gospel of the grace of God. By some persons tho Gospel is disparaged, as if its remedial power were exhausted, and other modes of bringing men to tho faith ' must be adopted. Some require that revelation be deprived of whatever is offensive to men's minds ; others that worship should be rendered more attractive, He did not think that such efforts had had any success worthy of tho name. Rationalism deprives Christ's death of its effect ; and would make Heaven's doors wide enough to admit every form of unbelief, and limit eternal punishment to tho region of fable and myth. Ritualism, on tho other hand would fain reconcile us to tho unreformed Church of Rome, and to doctrines and practices which our Pro testant forefathers condemned as blasphemous fables, and dangerous deceits. Ritualism makes of the ordinance of tho Lord's Supper a proper sacrifice for sin, and of tho presbyter an atoning interceding priest, thus setting aside tho authority of tho Word of God, and teaching traditions and corruptions not con tained in Holy Scripture nor to be proved thereby But let it be their determination not to be ashamed of tho Gospel-but in seeking to win souls, to know nothing save Jesus Christ and Him crucified. B, llii tho Apostles succeeded. And when at the Reformation! tho great truth of justification by faith in Chris was restored, life re-entered tho Church, dark- ness and death fled away, and devout intelligence took tho place of superstition and idolatry. Then addressing tho clergy ho said : Beloved brethren, il! wt are truo to Hi.« who has called us to ibis oUk'O nm ministry, if wo lovo him and honour him, and eeoli tho salvation of mon in his appointed way, the presenl trials of tho Church at homo will become blessings. As of old there must needs l o horesies among you. that they which aro approved may bu made muuifi-el among yon. Let us then piay, and boüuve, that it wo are in tho o last times of tho present dispensation to have trials such as aro coming on one portion of our bolovou Church, it is in order that " many may be purified and made white and tried." Ho hoped thia Cnth-dral would bo tho moans of carrying out in this colony tho Saviour's purpoios of love. To those tow who were presont when the foundation stone was j laid this must bo a solemn season. The mortal ' remains of the first B shop rest in tho cathedral of Canterbury; and most of tho founders were for ever gono from us. This dav fouriecn years ago at Lambeth, he (Dr. Barker) was set apart by fathers af tho Chu rob to the sacred office ho uow held. Eighteen years ago BÍX bishops mot in this city to give an im- pulso to synodical action. And during thc past week j sovon of tho oight Bisnops of Australia had met for the purpose of consolidating that synodical action, i For forty-savon years tho Wurs of building this I Cathedral had boon carriod un. And during all that j lorin period thero wero some who nuver fainted or grew wi ary of tho work. Wo honour them, and givo thuuke to God on behalf of the departed, ila kopsd that the Cathedral would bo extensively useful. The cost of its maintenance would bo upwards of £1000 u yoar. Tho scuts worn free, and tho endowment was small 'I hoy would roly chiefly on tho offertory. Tho Bishop concluded a discourse abounding in instructive uni heart-stirring appeals by calling on tao peoplo to BO-H evury ono tho gool of hU fellow men. " Ono is your Master, aod au mon are your brothren." L t thom foliow.Christ'in hopo of the bles oi end,-to bo for evor with tho Lord. Tho Offertory was then taken, and tho concluding prayers w re offered by tho Bishop of Tasmania, The'follo *iug wa« offered by tho Metropolitan : - " Blessed by-Thy Nnmc, O Lord God, for that it please th Theo to bavo Thy habitation nmoug tho sons of mon upon ear tb, and to dwell in tho midst of tho assembly of tho Faints upon earth Bless, wo beseech Thee, the roligious sorvico of this day, and graut that in this plti'-e, now set apart to Thy glory, Thy Holy Name may bo worshipped1 in truth und purity to ali gonerntión?,'through Jesus Christ our Lord. ' Arnon. : Tho bishops, clorgy, and others then par.'ook of tho Communion, the Bishops of Brisbane and of Newcastle conducting this part of tho servico. ' ' '. 1 THE LUNCHEON. : Shortly before 8 b'ctoak tho bishops and clergy, with othor gentlemen, sat down, in number about 1Ó0, to lunoboon in the Masonic Hall. His ExcoIl«noy Euri Belmoro preBidod, ai:d waa supported on tho right by the Bishop of. -Sydney, tho Chief Justice tho Bishop of Molbourno. ' Captain Cardew, tho Bishop of Bri&bano;, tho Hon John Oampbcll and tho Bishop of Tasmania on thé left by the Bishop Of Ac'oluido, Sir William! M ailning, ; tho Bishop qf Nowonstlp, Mr. Alexander Gordon, tho -Bjsh'.'p of Goulburn, and the Mayor of 8ydnoy. Tho vice ohuirs were occupied by Mosers .E.'i Knox, M. Motualfo, .Thomas S^Mort, ond li. Allan. Among those present wore Mr. Charles Cowper, tlio Hon./T. Icc y, Mr, Charles Campbell, Mr. Smart, M P., tho Hon. John -Macfarlane, Mr. Isaacs, and Mr .Distriot Judge Franois . G ruco was enid by tho R r. R L. King. Tho "meai being finished, ibis Excollenoy,. who ,was most warmly cheered, rose-ead proposed tho health of tho' Queen He said tho Ohuroh of which they wore members' hckuowledged in "tko exhortation usually read when cathedral services were performed;"that her Mnjosty the Queen isoyor all, persons, and in all causes within her dominions ^supreme (Applausó) It VIOB not HoccBBiiry, therefore,, to Bay anything moro in pro- posing her Majesty 'Queen Viotori'a. . : i 'Tito toart was drunk'with -loud , cheers, and tho ' oompany'eang1'" Grid Saw tho Queen." ' " ; > ! ' Earl'BEMIORE then pioposed, "Tho Metropolitan . 'and other Bishops of Auetrnlia." ' Ho eaid ho waa reading thé other doy a book written by ono of tho !llist perrons Who' came to this country, clothed with authority ; and he related how, nut long alter tho colony was founded, when as yet there was no church eroded fer tho worship of God, a Spanish man' of-war put into Fort Jackson, and tho ohaplain of tl c Bhi -, a Roman Catholic, clergyman,' Eaid, if his nation had rounded a colony lille this, ono of thoir first acts would have bsen to bui;d a ohurch, (Cheers.) They might this day cliiiu to have at last wiped away the reproach. This Cathedral had been, as ho had hcard, nearly fifty roars sinco tho first st no WOB laid. It had been cairiod on in times of difficulty and pressure. And he had no doubt that, beforo another gonoration had passed'iiway, tho topmost etono would havo ben laid (Oheers.) In tho namo of tho onnpany be bade their Lordships tho Bishops welcome to tho mo:ro poiitan citv. (Loud cheers ) Tho toast was warmly talion up. Tho Bishop of SYDNEY, who, with tho othor biabops, was greeted on rising with enthusiastio and oft repeated bursts of obcering, acknowledged for tho bishops and all tho clergy presout the hospitality of th - laity who had invited them to this luncheon. Il o said he had on moro thau ono occasion lately felt it i.npoa-iblo to express the deop fcoliugs of his heart, fOelings of thankfulness to Almighty God for tho goodness Ho shows to unworthy members of H B Church who Eoek his glory. It was not often that a Metropolitan could surround himself with six of the bishops .of his proviuoe. Thoro was ono absent who would gladly have been tiaro tho Bishop of Perth, in Western Australia. But bo had rocently roturned from England, and could not leave his diocese for -o long a timo as a voyage te Sydnoy would involve. Of tho conforoneo, ho (Dr. Ba:ker) would Bay nothing at prosoat. The results of . tho counsels of bishops would, in duo time, be mndo known. They wero not conspirators. (Laughter.) They were not endeavouring to bind th i olergy or tho laity. Tuny had no dark cells in which tn iir.pria-n thom. All thoy desired was to unite o'orgy and laity in ono common bond of p'ace, and faith, and hope, and charity. (Cheers.) Thoy would givo tho clergy the right to bo jndgod, in certain mattere, if it over becamo necessary, not by thoir own bishop alone, but by another tribunal; and they «ought tba questions of faith and wo/ship might net bo settled in each diocese separately, but in sotnu gonoral provincial council. Thus tbny hoped to pro- veut what Fullor describes aa a Church dividing into atoms H« trusted thoy would never linvo Eev.n or ton atoms in Australia, but would remain over ono united branch of the beloved Ohurch at homo. (Cheers.) Soin* of his biothnm perhaps woro brought by tho oponing of tho Cathedral ; others for tho sako of tho conferonco. He expressed his gratitudr to God, and then to those ? into \vho>e hearts Ho had put it to carry out His will in roferenco t i tho Cathedral. For fourteen years tho O.ithodial-its futu o, its usefulness, had boen a sub- ject of great anxiety to him. Latterly that anxiety lind been touch atipmentoJ j-now it had altogether passed «way (Cheers) Ho exprxscd his great satisfaction with tho management of tho Services, and especially congratulated tho precentor, anil thanked tho choir and tho vico presidents at tho-c tables. Thoro was ono who had had somo difficulty in pirochul matters but had not abated one jot of hi* interest in tho Cnhidral. (Choerí.) Thero was manifestly a truo union among them, of which tho Calh-dral waa tho outward expression. Whilo tho Cath.rlr.il had been building othor very important works had boon carried on. Thine was nota parish church in Sydney -except ono-which had not been onla'ged or recon- structed during that time. As to tho largo Bums j expended on the Cathedral, it was an impor:nt t faot, j monti'ined by tho Chiof Justice this mor ling, that ; ihia work had boon caniod on, not .«o much out'-f 1 realised capital us out of annual incomo. It was not 1 man who had roalisod larco 6UITB of money who had given most Many of theso gentlemen were spending thoir monov in England. (A lauerh ) Tho most con-; tinunuB in thoie contributions woro tiloso wno w. « ?'eiiving their incomes from tho resourc-s of tht colony. (H»ar, hear ) Ho congratulated the architect, Slr. Blacket. (Applause.; Mr. B.'.iclsot had, like, every public man, tc undergo criticism. But the narro-v transepts wo« not desipnod by Mr. Blackot.J Ho (tho Bisho ; advised those who examined tho Cathedral to act on tho principio of ono who said to a friend who woe going to seo a gallory'of pictures, J ' Tour companior wilt point out cvi-ry ' excellency vou eeo." Ho bad never had to feol in rogard to any object that wou d boar iuvontisation, and that was manifestly done foi tho wellbeing of tho Churoh.^that tho m em bora ol tba Chur dy failed to support him. If tho Cathedral was not built so na to ploaso everybody, it was only another proof that that cfuld novor bo dono. Il would, ho trusted, ibo a moans of grace, a placo whore multitudes would bo collected together-a means by which tho kingdom of God would bo onlarged and ouls eaved. (Applauso ) Tho Bishop of ADELAIDE wished to say a few words o.i this interesting occasion. When the Metro- politan visited tho humble diocoio of Adelaide, he found ibero a little synod; and ho exprcssod himself pleased, and at the same timo surprised nt tho frank manner in which membors of that synod, lay and clerical, woro wout to exprosa tbomso'vee. They hoped to welcorao thoir Metropolitan thcro again. And bo (Dr. Short) would now toll him ('ku Metropolitan) with tbat frankness which was peculiar to South Australia (loud cheers and laughter) that it was not the maj' sty of tho Cathedral that had brought him to Sydnoy, but h¡3 du'y as a Buffraxnn Bishop. When he reflected on ibo history of this place, when bethought of the little baud which first landed ou tho ekorea of tho neighbouring bay, ho could not help exclaiming '. What hath God wrought !'' When bo thought of Parramatta-road, cut to tho sound of drum under tho direction of tho sainted Marsden, and of New Zealand which ho visited as its proto-missionury, when he saw tho foundations of tho Ohurch laid thcro and hore, ho saw it was not by tile wisdom of man, but by tho power of tho Spirit of God that they saw to-day in the Cathedral this grand assembly in which bishops, clergy, and laity met together. He compared tho foundation of the Church in tho Australian colonies with what had taken place in America. The great city of Boston, founded by tho pilgrim fathers, men who suffered the fate of outcasts from their country for con- science sake—Boston.now the capital of civilisation and literature was established in independence of tho State of England and in schism from tho Church of England. And now a distinguished writer says that he found in America 2000 religions, and no man that believed in God. He found here, on tho other baud, a branch of the Catholic and Apostolic Church of England. (Cheers.) Ho rejoiced at tho progress made since tho conference in 1850. He went homo from that conference to a colony founded by Nonconformist brethren, where it was a principle that there should be no connection between Church and State, with a conviction that by a union of the clergy and laity alone could their Church be maintained; so they established their synod That was the principle on which the Church in South Australia would depend. It was well for bishops to be under law. It would be well for tho greatest bishop in tho world -tho Pope—to be a little under law. (Laughter and cheers.) Tho METROPOLITAN thon proposed tho hoalth of Lord Belmore, which was most cordially takou up. Song- ' He's a jolly good follow." . Earl BELMOIIK briefly returned thanks. Tho com- pany then dispersed. . EvEiriwo SEIIVICE. In tho ovening, at 7 o'clock, n vory largo congrega- tion bad again fillod tho Oathodrnl. livening prayor was read iiy tho Rev. J. C. Coil tte, precentor. Tho first lowson, tho Slat adaptor of tho Bnok of Proverbs, was read' by tho Kev. Canon Vidal. Tho second ' lesoon, tho 6th ohoptor of tho Epist e to tho Hobrews, «fas lead by tbo Kev. Canon O'Reilly. In tho eourso of the service another arith'm nod 'ho '1th hymn, '* Tho Sun of God ie gone to war,'! icc., were sung by- rne choir. . Tho Right Rev. Dr. SHOUT, Bishop of Adelaide, then preached on tho 10th and 11th versos of ibo Otb chapter in tho EpisJa td the' Hobrews. Ho spoke of tho danger of tho docay of raith and love,'' and the necessity of continued' dovotedncss to tho work of God, and of tho ceaseless inlluonco of tho spirit of God to give, to charity ita beat grace-that it may bo tho charity tbat never failoth He spoko of tho character of tho Hobrow Christiane, who too'i joyfully thu spoiling of thoir goods and shrunk not from their loothion in tho hour of danger und of martyrdom. At tho prêtent day our enemlos aro tho mtiücial want", tho manifold demands nf refined aooiety, tho oravlngB bl a ' luxurious' " 'ago. '?' Those ' wasto our resources -and' '. prevent- "our ' minis ' toring to tho saints, and eorving ,' God. He n-god the dlity and privilege of doing all wa can, for the cause ol' God and of humanity. It is essential ' to tho Christian'character'tb Work and' labour 'for tho came ot'Ged.' Thü eermon, ^hleh Wae ol.n piueitcal bind,' was; chiefly: addtoesed Uv. two;points- thu neccs.-, Bity.of making the glory of Gol our cbiof aim -ut' acting under á teneoof me omni cieneo- of God at1 all time's; and ceco'ndly, of being- oQ.uated "by-love ia | eerving God. He oppealtd to the csamplo of the 1 Israelites in willingly contributing to the building of too tabernacle ; and warned his audience against that " basa traffic" by which soma sought in those days to raise funds for Church purposes. Ho called oa thom to labour'in tho spirit of adoption, as ohildren of God their heavenly Father, and as Buch to givo liberally and with simplicity. After the singing of " Alleluia," tho benediction was pronounced by tho Metropolitan. 