A MfODEL STATION. The special reporter of the Pastoral T?'iee winds up his articles on Riverina stations with the fol lowing: I was told if I visited Widgienwa, thirty-five miles north-cast of Yanko station, that I should see one of the most improved as well as one of the most com plete stations in these parts, so, sailine myself of the kindness of a guide, a gentleman well nacquainted with the district, I left Yanko for Widgiewa, owned by Mr. James Cochrane. In this country nearly all things above ground are good for cattle and oheep they eat all they can get. I heard of no poisonous plants or unhealthly herbs; disease in stock is almost unknown hemre. Sheep and cattle nsuffering from epidemies in other districts if brought here soon re cover, After travelling about fifteen miles from Fanko we arrived at Bunduro station, now in the possession of a Scotlch company, formed at Glasgow, as I was told. Previous to arriving at the lhome stead I visited the woolshed, where they were lhear ing in the grease about 140,000 sheep. Tihe contrast between the two modes of shearing was evident, viz. by the cleansing process of hot and cold water, and the dirty, methodless system of clipping the wool full of dirt and impurities. The clip was evidently of a superior quality, and will doubtless realiso a fair prnces the staple is of good length, and there is a strength and firmness in the wool telling strongly in its favour. I could not help thinking if the mode of washing followed at the Yanko were applied to Bun dare clip, it would stand well in the London wool market. But, of course, when parties in the pos session of crown lands live away some 16,000 miles it is next to impossible that the superintendent, nleoss he is in possession of a carte blancee in regard to expenses, can do what is best for his employer. I am forced to admit at once that this is the most objectionable feature in squatting-these Enropean absentees and traders in etation property and the sooner they are legally and honestly got rid of, the better for the great interest itself. They are, however, rapidly disappearing. I do not mean to report against eapital in equatting pursuits ; were it not for the millions invested in this saltbush country, which nature has left in such an unfinished state, it must have been unfinished still. In the room of this wehave the stations of South Hiverina so fenced in and improved as to enable the occupiers to compete ?nosessfully in the market of Europe in one of the prinoipal prodncts of the world. The difficulty seems to be in so legislating as not to give capital any undue advantages in these lands. Hero in these distriots capitalists have swept away several of the colonists who first took up the country. Many of the original soettlera sold out when, if they had possessed capital, and kept on, they must have realised hand some returns. This is only what capital does in any other business-it bides its time. The working man's difficulty is the capitalist's opportunity. Hero on this station of Bundure a Melbourne firm realised some £A0,000, I was informed, in two or three years, having fortunately bought sat a good time the station, and worked it during three or four good seasons, when wool was high and fat stock fetched good prices. Bundsre has many extensive and costly improve ments-itis allfenced in. There are hundredsof miles of fencing, and therehasbeenconsidecrable outlays in seouring water for the back plains. These are the results of investing large capital, which the original lessees'did not possess, and so far the operation of capital belonging to absentee proprietors is legitimate. Had the property been still in the hands of the earl lessees, who possessed energy and knowledge enongh for working the country, it is highly probable that they would have been toiling on with a millstone around their necks in the shape of a heavy debt. These great improvements, demanding an outlay of £20,000 or £80,000, could not have been carried out. In all probability the rnns (for Bundurc, like Yanko, is composed of an aggregate of small runs) would harve been only in a partially improved state. We slloild not, therefore, inveigh against dietant capital M te in the absence of sulicient capital among our resident sqaatting proprietary. This question is fdit settling itaelf--squatting is not likely hence forth to tempt the absentee capitalist. As a role, rule, pastoral property is doing no more than paying a fair return for capital, and as a rule it will pay a much handsomer dividend to resident capitalists thlan to absentees. If we are then to make choice between the two-the loor residCent ocoupant of the Crown lands and the rich non.resident applying large means in reclaiming and utilising the country-the prevailing opinionamong competont judges is that we are bound in the early stage of squatting to prefer time wealthy \- absentee. But here we are close to thie pretty home atead of Bundure, umbrageously hidden, though on the top of a sandhill, thickly covered with native pine and other trees. Naturally, Bundure site has many ad-antages, and in the hands of a rcaident proprietor of means the residence and its appurtenancese are capable of being rendered most attractive. Leaving Bundure, we have a very pleasant drive through the valley of the Yanko all the way to Widgiewa, through r of extensive stations rented by Mr. John Peter. Swas told a neat little anecdote connected with the Pastoral 2itmes, which is worth record tag. When Governor Sir John Young passed down the Yanko some sixteen or seventeen months ago, the vice-regal party contrasted the animproved appcarance of these stations with some of the highly-unproved runs surrounding it, and the contrast was sketched in strong but truthful colours in yourjournal ; a copy containing the account was forthwith dispatched to Mr. Peter, who has long re sided in ?ndon or Paris. He, on its receipt, imme diately sent orders to have his station properly fenced in, which was forthwith done at an expense of between £20,000 and £80,000. A little incident is this,exhibiting the power of the Press. As we emerge from Mr. Peter's station, and branch off from the Yanko stream (now a chain of waterholes), the view is charming looking in the direction of the M'urrumbidgee. I could well nnderstand the Aus alian poet's (Kendall) description of these waste bluds- lumaine waste lands gleamlog upward with a weird and vacant stare, Whsesre tLe languid heavens ponder o'er red depth, of slrless air. The "weird and vacant stare" are apparent, as teim tos ofthe trees ten or more siiles away towards the ]unrrumbidgee look suspended in mid- air, and as though they had so trunks. The thin and expanded air of these vast levels enable us at times to see by the isaksea eye a distance of ten or even fifteen miles, wrhen the far-off trees have a "weird" look. Like we see a ship at sea, we see the masts and sails long befor we get sight of the hull, so we see the tops and boughs of the trees for many miles ere tlheir bodies besome apparent. However, hero we are atWidgiewa, after having crossed the Columbo Creek running from the Yanko into the Billabong. The homestead is on the top of a sandhill of mode rate heights from the verandah a great part of the station is seen. It is of 92,000 acres, divided into nine paddocks of a little over 9000 soacres each, with one small paddock (Waok) of 3600 acres, assessed to carry 900 sheep. The dwelling-house and appur tenanes are all kept in the very best order, and no reasonable expense seems to have been spared to make them useful and comfortable. The sandhill is sent with couch grens, soft as velvet, keeping tihe sand from being blown about, end thus preventing opthalmis. The garden is in front; it is tastefully laid out. Water is pumped from the creek below (diestant about 160 yarde) to a large iron tank of some 3000 gullons elevated to about fourteen feet. From this tank pipes are laid all over the garden. To thie standpipes, a hose is attached, and all of the garden is easily watered. Vpgetables at all seasons are supplied by the care and industry of a Chinese gardener, for the settlers family, his hounsehold, and all the men employed on the station. The house is, for the bush, elegantly fur nishead, and order reigns supreme through every de partment of the station and premises. I found throughont the station, care, taste, and order prevail ing. Prom the drawing-room thlrouneh the kitchen, store, smithy, carpenter's shop, mens' huts, &c.;, all was in order in the highest degree. Water was laid onto the kitchen, and even to the stable. IMaster, servants, and cattle are cared for alike at Widgiowa. The water in the creek is some thirty feet below tihe site of the dwelling-house. Lastyear being an exceptionally good season, there were 56,000 sheep ohorn here, and 415,000 were kept for the whole season, or about two aresc to one sheep. They will this season shear only 45,000 lsheep, includ ing lambs, so fluctuating are the seasons. Thete are 160 miles of fencing, which cost about £50 per mile. The improvements on Widgiewi are estimated at £17,000, or a little more than 3s. an acre on the ru. i I inspected the whole of the station and the improve ments. The storage of water is most complete. I snaw how the water is collected from large swamps into one small reservoir, and then lifted by hlorse-power into a large reservoir hollowed out of thebo earth. Thie soil seoooped out is made into a wail surroundilg the re servoir, which is in form like a saucer. The water boxes for lifting the water is in shape like one of the scales sud by shopkeepers in weighing flour. Each boo holds from twenty-five to thirty gallons: one is high up in the air while thle other is down filling. Br a very simple cont.rivance eachl box fills itself alter nately, swings itself over flthe permaneont reservoir, into whichl the water is thlrown, where it is perms nently stored for use. By this simple contrivance (whlichl, I hear, Mr. Samuel Wilson first saw used in Egypt while toe was making an overland joorney) any amount of water can be gathered and stored at a minimum cost. Now, supposing the large reservoir is selected on a spot where thle dividing fences of four piaddocks meet, sheep can water themselves at suchl a reservoir from four paddocks, thle dividing fences meeting in thie ccentre of the reservoir. It is by far thile best, thle simplest, and most inexpensive of the methods brought under my notice for storing and raising water. There is no really valid excuse for neglecting water storage where tlero is a rainfall, little tlloughl it be by measurement in this country. Yes, there is this plea to fall back upon--thele want of means, All lltese works are expensive where labour is so costly. £500, or even £1000, amre soon sunk, and there is very little to show for thle money. I have seen water carted ten miles or more to back stations for domestic use. Now, let us see how they manage at Widgiews. Thley sink a hole--say ten feet by twelve feet square; the sides are slabbed to keep the earth from falling in. If the hole is dug at thle bottom of a swamp, some tracks are made to it by plough furrows, and the hole is probably kept full alt tIhe year round. Thlere are thirteen tanks thus constructed on the station. Widgiewa has its base for water supply in tlhe Colombo Creek, which draws its water from tle Yanko Creek. Both creeks have been partially cleared, and a free ingress for tihe water has been made at a coat, from first to last, of about £12,000. A very large sum, probably £10,000 more, is about to be expended on fixing some steam engines, working centrifugal pumps, to be so placed at the mouth of the Yanko as to pump into the bed of that stream water from the Murrumbidgee, from whlich river theYanko draws its supply. Two thousand pounds have already been paid by the proprietor of Widgiewa as its share for works already accomplished. The projected new work will enable thle Yanko, Colombo, and Billabone to have a continuous supply of water for thle year. I saw enouagh on the Colombo Creek to satisfy me that dame are indispensable in thlese narrow creeks, whilch, if not restrained from doing so, would empty nearly all their waters into thle sea, or the water would be absorbed or evaporated and wasted. At Widgiewa the spaces between the dame had ample supplies of water, enough for three years' drought, whereas when the dame did not influence the stream, the bed of it was dry at some places, and at others it was too shallow and too offonsie for sheep and cattle. Mr. Cochlrane has hithlerto washed his sheep in cold water, and his wool has commanded the highest price, thle quality being very superior. The woolshed is 145 feet long by forty.five feet broad, and is erected on thle best principle, and the grass paddocks for drying thle sheep were knee deep in grass. Through out thle station in every department tlhe hand of the careful master is evident. No expense is spared, hbut no money is mip-spent. The following is a descrip tion of last year's slheep and thle clip: No. Sheep. Average. Description. Net lbs. ozes. lbs. 430 rams 8 14S greasy 3,826 30,500 mixed 3 1 washed 104,723 15,4411 lambs 1 38 ditto 19,116 406,371 127,665 The fleeces fetched-the best, 2s. 1Id. per lb., the lowest Is. 5d.; the locks, 9d. and 15d. The gross sum of the clip would range from £9000 to £10,000. The charges for carriage by ship and other expenses on one consignment netting£6753 8s. 4d., were £811 ls. 8d.; the commission of 2k per cent. amounted to £168 16s. Gd. I am informed that one quarter of the gross sum that a clip will realise goes in explenses, namely, from thle time the shoeep are takeno to the shed until the proceeds of thle wool reach the owner. That is, aelip worth £10,000 in the gross only nets the squat ter £7500, out of which he has to pay for all the working expenses of the station for the year, the rent and'assessment, as well as to allow for interest on the capital invested. Sduch is Widgiewas. Taken altogether, it is the most compact and the most highly improved station in the saltbush country. It roquired a clear head and a long purse to bring it to its present condition of ex cellenee. The lessee, Mr. James Cochrane, is justly proud of his land leased from the Crown; he has given a permanent value to it, and if he now is reap tng a good--say, a handsome-return for his money and labour, he deserves it. But the way to thlis muclh coveted position is not always strewn with roses: it is an up-hill game for many years. A successful squat ter, as a rule, would succeed in any other vocation. A man might succeed in many other vocations and lhe miglht fail in squatting. The squatter must possess a large, expansive, and constrctiove mind, with great selftrelianco and industry. He need not be a man of "genius" in the literary sense of the word, but Iheo should have a general force of character, so as to en able him to bear up against every diffieulty-and he must have money. A very diminutive vagrant appeared in the City Police Court, on Saturday, in the shape of a four monthas'-old infant, which had been " found in a public place, having no visible lawful means of support, and being unable to give a satisfactory account of itself." The said infant had been found, at about half-past 9 o'clock on the previous evening, by Mr. James Hogan, wine and spirit merchant, of 106, Leicester-street, Carlton, curled up on the door-step of his house. He broughlt his interesting discovery down to the watch house at once, but that, of course, was no place for such a delicatooffender, and so Mr.Hogan was obliged to take charge of the little stranger until morning, and then take Mr. Sturt's opinionon the case That gentle man ordered the unknown to be" remanded to the Industrial Schools."--Melborne Ar-us. Talking of cold mutton and families (says the dnustrelolsian's " peripatetic philosopher") reminds me of celibacy. Why is this sudden madness for matri mony P The English papers are full of the enthralliug theme, and even some of our Australian journals have condescended to notice it. It appears that the young men in England, and the world generally, do not clearly see their way to supporting a wife upon nothing to speak of and a Government appointment. The old story about " love in a cottage" has been disentombed from the grave of sentimentality, and its sad-eyeod ghost etalks through the pages of one morning's paper. I thought that in these prectical times we lhad dis abused our minds of that pleasant superstition-I imagined that nobody married unless they could afford that luxury, and that we were all practical and positive, instead of tlhecoretical and negative. Youth and beauty are both dead. The first has given way to indifferent ism and late hours, and the second has been swallowed up by Madame Rachel and Panrisian fashlions. There are no boys older than six, and no girls older than twelve. "If old age only were able, and if youth only knew," cries the French wit, " what a world this, would be!" Alas, nowadays youth only knows too mueb. " We re arrant knaves all. Believe none of us." And they don't. Women don't love in these times--they marry: a great difference; and men love and don't marry: a greater difference. So the old world machine is out of gear, and society is outraged. This is philosophy, and, like most philosophy, it exaggerates. We are not much worse than our fore fathers. It is thle custom to cry down the age. I do it because others do. For my own part, I think thati the world is a very good world, and that life is very endurable. It is merely a question of gastrie-juic. If we are sentimental by constitution, let us read poetry and be happy ; if we are practical by constitution, let us cut axe-handles and be hIappy ; the worst of it is the practical people aill try and write poetry, and the poetical people are compelled by hard fate to cut axe hIandles. Thlis is why wegetbadnae- landlesnnd worse poetry; and onless we establish a company which will reform Ihumanity, and put down hIuman nature, I am afraid we shall never be thoroughly comfortable. Tan En-rhNSES OF PIOBsCUTION.--Is the Gontd btrst Arqst we filld that at the Yass Quartrr Sessionus a woman was indicted for stealing a pie, and acquitted. In connetiosi with this case the journal above quoted ioints out that oel of the witnesses in this trial had to come a diatunce of 400 miles to give evidence for the Crow,,. Tite ease was about one of the most trilintg ener sent to a sessions, and yet thie Crown had to bear the explso oel bringing this witloes tle extra erdinary distatnce bove mentioned. Tihe epense of this one nitness alone amounted to nearly £17, and the value of thie pig stolen to about 25s. Loan: luOnaLEr.--This young nobleman arrived in Sydney, fromnt Melbourlc, yesterday morning. His lordslohip is the eldest son of the 3tarquis of Exeter, who was Trenesurer of the Queen's household in 1866, and a Privy Councillor. Lord Burghley was born in 18549.--S... 1t erald, October 30. 