LATEST INTELLIGENCE. STWNET, Wednesday. Major Blackall, the new G overnor of Queensland, left by the steamer to--day for Brisbane. At the Criminal Sessions, William Purcell was found " Guilty " of a capit al offence, and sentenced to death. Samuel Nelson, found " Guilty " of indecent assault, was sentenced to two years' hard labour on the roads of the colony. The Government inteud enforcing the provisions of tbe Treason Felony Act, pending the action of the Imperial Government thereon. ADELAIDE, Wednesday. Mr. Furniss, of the T veil-known firm of Messrs. Johnston and Furniss, wine and spirit merchants, died this afternoon from disease of tbe heart. VICTORIA.—Mr. F. L. Smythe is elected chairman of Committees, the candidates being Mr. J. T. Smith and Mr. I,alor, late Chairman—for the latter there were twenty-seven votes against thirty-two negatives. Mr. Smythe was elected by thirty-four votes against twenty-five. The Assembly has gono into business in its usual way —personalities awj the order of the day. _ Sir F. Murphy, the Speaker, is anxious to retire from the office. The traQways and other public works are about to occupy tbe attention of the Government and of the Parliament. The scandal in reference to Mr. G. E. Jones, the Commissioner for Railways is still the subject for observation ; public opinion being against Mr. Jones, against whom an action has been commenced for libel. Political matters are " stormy" across the Murray. It is said that Mr. Ireland Q.C., Mr. Fellows, and Mr. Aspinall have been retained for Mr. Rees, in his action against Mr. C. E. Jones for libel. Mr. Ligar, Surveyor-general, proceeds to England in September, by the mail steamship on twelve months leave of absence. In answer to Mr. Bouman, Mr. Jones, the Minister for Railways, said that more trucks would be provided for conveying sheep; this is much needed on the Echuca line. The Government intend to bring in a bill next session to amend the Fencing Act. , MELBODB>-E CUP.—There are about fifty acceptances for this race, including Tim Whiffler (S) 6 yrs lOst 41bs ; The Barb, 5 yrs, lOst 4ib; Fireworks, 4 yrs, 9st 61bs; Bulgimbar, aged, 9st 2lbs; Glencoe, 4 yrs, 8st 12s; North Australian, 5 yrs., 8st 3lbs ; Tim Whiffler (V) aged 8st2lbs; The Pitsford, aged, 8st; Seagull, 5 yrs, 8st; Strop, aged, 7st lOlbs; Gulnare, 6 yrs, 7st 71bs ; Bvlong, 5 yrs, 7st 71bs; Little Fish, 4 yrs, 7st 61bs ; Boiardo, 4 yrs, 7st Slbs ; Lady Manners Sutton, 5 yrs, 7st 6lbs. LEASES OF RUNS OPEN TO SELECTION.—ine undermentioned runs having been twice offered for sale at auction, but not bid for, may be obtained on lease, by application to the Chief Commissioner of Crown Lands, at the rents annexed. Wellington: Black Myall Camp North, 16,000 acres, £10; ditto, Carslow, 1000 acres, £10.— Six carcases of pure-bred Leicester sheep, bred by the Hon. C. Sladen at Birregurra, and fed upon English grass, were exhibited at the shop of Mr. Webster, Geelong. They weigh from 80lb. to 90lb. each, and are considered some of the finest specimens of muttou ever seen in Gee- long. THE MACQDARIE.—Writing on the 4th instant, a squatter resident on the Macquarie says:— We have had splendid rains, which have crowned us all for the spring. Still we have not had sufficient to make back water in any quantity." GETTING vr WOOL.—A friend,.sending us bis account sales received per the last English mail, refers with satisfaction to the price he obtained, and remarks:—"Other brands of good wool show a fair price for a good article." When we mention that some of our correspondent's clip fetched more than 3s per lb. it will be readily understood that the wool was very good; but when we state that the owner is only a new hand at " wool raising," wonder will be also excited. We attribute his great suceess to a judicious system of breeding, and the employment of an improved plan of washing-.—Dubbo Dispatch. THE SALMON IN TASMANIA Information has been received in town, says the Mercury, to the effect that salmon have been seen in the Ouse river. The information is of the most reliable kind, and reports two fish as having been seen spawning. Mr. Morton Allport and other gentlemen have proceeded to the locality, with a determination to capture one of the fish, if possible, and to set at rest all doubts as to the absolute success of the experiment. (We presume the fish are now returning from the sea.) A CORRESPONDENT of the Brisbane Courier says: As strychnine is a good deal used in the Australian colonies, on stations, for poisoning wild dogs and other vermin, and as accidents may therefore occur it may be worth publishing, that an infusion of tobacco, a drachm to the pint of boiling-water, in small doses, till nausea and general prostration are produced, has been successfully tried of late in the Calcutta hospital as an antidote. The dose of the poison was, however, but a small one —three grains; the sufferer, a girl of eleven, recovered. THE funeral, on Wednesday, of the Hon. John Sherwin, M.L.C., was very largely attended. The pall-bearers were the Hon. John O'Shanassy, Hon. A. Fraser, Captain Williams, Messrs. Gibb, Wilson, Turnbull, Godfrey and Kingston. Following the hearse were four mourning coaches and about sixty private carriages, containing a strong muster of old colonists, friends of the deceased. The grave is near that of the late Mr. Cornish, in the new Cemetery, a brick vault covered with stone slabs, forming the last resting place of a man who was universally re- spected both in a public and in a private capacity. NYMPHS OF THE PAVE.—The police are taking a step in the right direction by commencing the work of clearing our streets of those unfortunate women who infest them by night like a plague cast broadcast over the city. At the City Police Court on Wednesday, Constable Dalton brought a bevy of eight disreputable women before the Bench as disorderly prostitutes. They were all found in the neighbourhood of the Central City Hotel, Collins -street. Six of the women were sent to gaol for a month each, and two were remanded pending inquiries into their mode of living.—Age. A GROWL FROM GYMPIE.—You may imagine Gympie is very poor when I tell you that everything is as cheap as in Melbourne—meals la., consisting of soup, joint, aDU pastry, better than can be had at the Scotch Pie-shop "(I wish I was there at this moment.) In a business point of view, the place is simply worthless—nothing stirring, all stagnation, and not even a Fenian about to wake us up; every store, or rather shanty, overstocked°and underselling each other. The only people who do any business are the butchers, bakers, and publicans. Nashville consists of a long narrow street, not so wide as Little BouTke-street, and in wet weather is simply a mud gutter and quite impassable, even for a team of twenty bullocks with half a ton behind them. A great many swindles are being got up, and shares are being rapidly sold in Brisbane, &c.; A WRITER in the Auckland Weekly Herald of the 25th July gives the following somewhat remarkable account of the Pioneer claim on the Thames gold-field in that province-" A visitor to these fields is perplexed by the extent of the prospect opened up by these discoveries, showing that indications are at fault, and that under every basalt hill the miner of centuries yet to come may find work to do. We were more than ever convinced of this from our second visit to Hunt's claim. Ten months ago on this ground —then just discovered—everything was in a state of nature, and it was with the utmost difficulty a human being could thread his way through the thick bush to the reef which Hunt had discovered was impregnated with the precious metal. Now, however, the picture is changed, and tbe place h^s become a busy hive of industry. During these ten months 10,000 ounces of gold have been produced from this claim, and this with only limited appliances for obtaining a return. Although the yield has already realised the amount stated, and although there are 300 tens of the richest stone we ever remember to have heard or read of now lying on the ground awaiting a crushing, the claim presents the same exhaustless appearance to the eye of the visitor. The main leader—at first a facing over which the water flowed and gave it a picturesque appearance—is still wrought upon by blast and pick. Its width is five feet, and its richness unsurpassed. The colours of the stone give little indication of its auriferous character. A glance, however, suffices to show that it is certainly free from that peculiar characteristic there is about non-auriferous or poorly-furnished quartz which is difficult to describe though easy to detect. We were informed that this gigantic reef extends the entire length of the boundary of the claim from the point on which the men were working upon it, namely 200 feet. On a higher level the same reef was being worked with equal, if not greater success. Another reef, extending over 190 feet to the boundary of the claim, is 3ft. 6in. in thickness, and has yielded very heavy stone. The average run of the quartz is fifty ounces to the ton. but the pockets or rich lodes frequently met with yield more than five times this quantity. A small vein of decomposed quartz was being worked upon in the open face by one of the miners at the time of our visit, and from this stuff containing much more gold than quartz wasiecently taken out." FIRST LOVE.—David Crokett, when quite young, fell in love with a heautiful Quaker girl, and lie thus forcibly, graphically, and poetically describes the effect on an ardent and susceptible mind, produced by first love:—" I found myself over head and ears in love with this girl, and I thought that if all the hills were pure chink, and all belonged to me, I would (rive them if I could just to talk to her as I wanted to. But I was afraid to begin; for when I would think of saying anything to her, my heart would begin to flutter like a duck in a puddle; and if I tried to out-do it and speak, it would get right smack up my throat and choke me like a cold potato." AN American paper is responsible for the following remarkable incident: A person of Southern Ohio fell into a trance, was buried in a vault, and stayed there two days, when a bright idea struck him. He kicked the lid off, and got out. The neighbours shot at him for a ghost, and through much tribulation he finally got back to his own house. A RECOVERED SCALP.—M. Heine, in a lecture just delivered in Paris, narrated a rapid visit he has recently made to the Rocky Mountains, recommending a similar excursion to his auditors in place of the worn-out Alpine and Pyrennean tours. He related the following anecdote:—He says, while sleeping in one of the magnificent palace sleeping cars" of the Great Western Railway, now extending to the Rocky Mountains, he quite forgot the Indians, who a few months before had placed obstacles on the line, in order to overturn the train and then to pillage it. One of the persons injured in the conflict was a young employd, Tomkins by name, who was shot down and beat with the butt-end of the musket and fell apparently dead. He was, however, seized by the Indians to get his scalp as a trophy. As the unfortunate man had the courage not to flinch during the scalping process, he got free with having to wear a wig in future. Even this did not become necessary, for he had the good luck to pick up his own scalp, which tbe Indians had dropped during their flight. M. Heine states that he verified the truth of this on the spot.— HAYES CITY, Kansas, may be thus summarised: —400 whiskey dealers sell drink to the other 400 inhabitants. Services on Sunday consist of draw poker, monte, and faro. Amusements free, consisting of burglaries and cold-blooded murders on the streets. Courts are not yet organised, but hangings are^frequent. MDDQEE, August 7.—The Agricultural Show was opened on Wednesday. The attendance was small and there was a lack of interest, from the fact that the Coxes were absent, and Mr. Bayly did not send any exhibits. There wer» many visitorsfrom other townB and Victoria, and the judges for sheep were selected from the Victorian visitors. There was only one prize for each class. Mr. E. K. Cox took the prize for the best fine-woolled ram of any age, and Mr. Charles Cox for the combing rams; the latter gentleman also secured the prize for the beBt pen of ewes of all classes; and Mr. E. E. Coz for the best pen of hoggets. The prize for the best blood stallion, of any age, was obtained by Mr. E. C. Cox; and for the best draught stallion, imported, the prize was awarded to Mr. Brown. Mr. J. Christie took the prize for the beBt Durham bull, which he imported from Victoria. The sheep were considered equal to those exhibited at former shows, and tbe oattle superior. The dinner was well attended, and a better feeling was expressed with regard to future shows. At the races to-day John Dickson, just after the last race came into collision with a tree, and was killed. The occurrence caused universal grief. AT a school at Wallsend, near Newcastle the master asked a class of boys the meaning of the word " appetite," when, after a short pause, one little boy said " I know, Sir; when I'm eatin' I'm 'appy, and when I'm done I'm tight." SIR WILLIAM CDRTIS sat near a pentleman at a civic dinner, who alluded to the excellence of the knives, adding that " articles manufactured from cast steel were of a very superior quality, such as razors, forks, &c.; " Ay," replied the cockney baronet, " and soap too—there's no soap like Castile soap." WHITFIELD PREACHING TO SAILORS.—When Whitfield preached before the seamen at New York, he used the following bold apostrophe :— " Well, my boys, we have a clear sky, and are making fine headway over a smooth sea, before a light breeze, and we shall soon lose sight of land. But what means this sudden lowering of the heavens, and the dark cloud arising out of the western horizon? Hark! don't you hear distant thunder? Don't you see those flashes of lightning ? A storm is gathering! Every man to his duty! How the waves rise and dash against the ship! The air is dark I The tempest rages 1 Our masts are gone ! The ship is on her beam ends! What next?" The unsuspecting tars suddenly rose and exclaimed, " Take to the longboat!" THE Sacramento Times says, in the course of a report of the proceedings at a public dinner: "The mayor, the ladies, &c.;, were appropriately and elegantly drunk, and the party separated in fine cheer." THE Duke of Edinburgh is reported to have antithetically described his colonial experience thus:—"At Adelaide they stole my jewels, at Melbourne my character, and at Sydney they would have taken my life."—Public Opinion, 20th June. JFesterJt Examiner. —Argus. —Dubbo Dispatch. Medical Times and Gazette. 