DESTRUCTION OF HER MAJESTY'S THEATRE. On the night of Friday, the Gth December, ] one of the handsomest, certainly, if not the finest, theatre in London went tho way of all theatres, ana was burnt to the ground in less than two hours. The fire while it raged was one of the fiercest ever kuown in London, and thou«h the main building, tlia beautiful Uioatro, nuickly burnt itself out and crumbled away m a towering pyramid of flame, yet its surround ings continued to blose as house after house in the celonnado cftttg'ht fire and were burnt from roof to basemout. Those bnUdings facing the Haymorkot and Pall Mall also suffered most se verely, the houses on the Haymarket side being almost completely destroyed. I The fire was first observed at about a quarter i to 11 o'clock, ana shortly after the first alarm all the neighborhood knew it far ana near, for fha thonf.™ was one ciaantic niaes of name m a few minutes. Anything like attempts to save nroperty-that is to say, the properties in the ?heLe_was out of the question, for the inte rior glowed like a furnace, and the flames, darting through the slight roof, created a draught which instantly made all hope of say iuK either the building or anything in it totally impossible. The fire caused its own alarm, aud lar^o draughts of metropolitan police from Scotland-yara were instantly deto.-o'nea, under the commana Pi Mr. Snperint^naent Walter 'and Mr Kettel. ' They, 'however, couia do little move than. keep off the e^or mow crowds that at one* collected ont of danger. Detachments of the Foot Guards both from the Wellington barracks and the barracks at the back of the National Gallery camo WJ almost simultaneously with the police. At least hilt of the troops wcro iu fnll march ing uniform, tha rest in undress llannol jackets, just ns they hail bflen turnt-i.1 out of bed. With the assistance of this for^e the Bixeels leading' ta the tlieuirs were kept clour, and the file mains all rouad Ej^eut-strent. Haymirket, and Pall ?.tall turned fully on. The supply of water seemed umplo, aud fire-engine after fire-eugino ns they camo rapidly up were, uuder the direc tions of Cuptain Shaw, ut onoo got into the best positions for checking tho spread of the flames, for all hope of exliiiguisliiug them at their source wuu hopeless. The glace at this time was seen all over the metropolis, aud tens of thousands flocked from all points towards tho great ccntro of tho disaster, whilo cabs, carriages, and oven waggons blocked up the thoroughfares which led to it. In a short time the steam lire engines wore in full work, and as fast as tho now it is to be hoped obsolete hand engines arrived they too were set to work. The steam engines threw volumes of water with tremendous force, and where their jets fell they seemed to explode in clouds of steam. Not so with tho hand engines, which required somo thirty soldiers to work them, and the feeble dribble from which wna easily directed and governed by ono man. Tho exertions of the firemen were beyond all praise. Thoy climbed along parapets and copings at heights which mado ono cold to look at them, dragging with them great lengths of leather hoso with which to play upon the flame3 at any point that seemed of consequence, no matter what the risk to the men themselves. In spito of flame and smoke, and a terrific storm of burning fragments, they kept their places on the roof, their comrades below turning now and then jets of water upon and around tho men to keep tho spots cool on which they stood. The scene was one of terrible grandeur. The roof of the theatre fell amid a shower of sparks and burning fragmonts, leaving a gigantic mass of white flame iu tho centre, the very heat of which alone was charring up and burn ing building after building around it. All the steam fire-engines were ut full work, and tho monotonous thud thud of those worked by hand wore the only sounds which broke upon tho hoarso roaring of the crowd and the heavy flap of the great sheets of flame, which seemed to jeopardise tho existence of every building near tho place. The theatre was tho main sonrce of the whole fire. As is alwaysthe case with theatres, it burat h.'ke a tar-barrel, but, as usual, left a mass of flfll'no and heat which worked quickly and sure/y through into the surrounding buildings. Honsfc ' altGl nouso around it was gutiea, in spite 0- c a^ *-ue efforts of tho firemen. The ilames, hl.'W6'!rer- wore well within control, and .the engine* ' were principally uaed to keep tho walls of tin. A main building cool, for in many places they v'ere bulging ominously. Still, from this work v u,°y had every now and then to be diverted as i'i'esh flames appealed in tho houses around. Ii uas always been s^id that Her Majesty's Theatre was so provided with largo water tanks on ' .tQe roof, that anything like danger to the bm'Jding from iira was im possible. What these tviks wore doing it is impossible to say ; but ove^ at least, when the flames reached it, burnt with a fierce flamo like so much straw. That thews could have been any water in it is impossible. Of the theatre itself, one of the finest in the world, nothing remains but Che bare, roof less walls, and immense masses of charred materials in indescribable confusion covering the whole space on which the building stood. All the costly properties, all the wardrobes of the establishment have perished, as have also the instruments of the orchestra, the grand pianos, and a musical library of incal culable value, which had taken years to collect. Madamo Titiens alone kas lost jewellery worth from £1000 to £1200, in addition to all her magnificent stage dresses. The grand organ, which cost nearly £800, and all the stage scenery and decorations, painted for the most part by Telbin, Grieve and Calcott, have been destroyed, and tho whole fabric, with all its surroundings, is in ruins. By an odd circum stance, the only thing which has survived the geaeral wreck is tho dress in which till ghost ia ' Don Giovanni ' was wont to oe played. The actual and prospective loss to . BIr Blapleson, the lessee, is estimated at £12,000, and the. disas^-) . aa it affects him, ia £rGS.fl/ aggravated by the fact of his not having been insured to the amount of a single shilling. #e was about to effect an insurance, but it had noi been completed. Tho large duty chargeable upon theatrical properties is understood to have previously doterrea him. In tho course of Saturday, 7th December, her Majesty, through the Lord Chamberlain, sent a message to him expres sive of her sympathy nnd regret ; and a telegram from Sandriugham, in similar terms, accompanied by an expression of hope that no lives had been lost on the occasion, was re ceived from his Koyal Highness the Prince of Wales. As to the origin of the fire little or nothin' has been discovered, hut the opinion is that it broke out first, about some part of the stage. Subscriptions are being collected for the' relief of the employes who have suffered most from the catastrophe. 