PERIODICALS FOR OCTOBER. (From Henry S. King and Co.'s Monthly Circular.) The British Quarterly opens with a review of the " Life and Works ot Neander," sympathetic, yet fairly discriminating. " Few men have devoted themselves to any special branch of theology, con- cerning whom might be said with fuller truth what Dr. Nitzch said in his funeral address concerning Neander, that ' he was created and consecrated by the Lord, for the purpose of accomplishing the great task of regenerating ecclesiastical history.' Many circumstances combined, as we have partly seen already, to give him a peculiar fitness for his important calling. His Jewish descent, his early devotion to Platonic studies, the inner conflicts through which he passed, the influence of his teachers Schleiermacher and Planck, his open and sympathetic nature, and the intense sincerity and earnestness of his Christianity, were all so many factors preparing him for the great work he accomplished." The writer goes on to show that Neander's characteristics as an historian were all conditioned by these factors, and concludes the me- moir by describing his theological position, as fixed by words of his own, which we would gladly quote if space allowed. The other subjects treated of in this number of the British, are "Bunsen's Memoirs," George Eliot's "Spanish Gipsy," "British India under three Administrations," " Chrysostom," "Parish Law," and "Educated in the United States." Dean Alford, in the Contemporary Review, writes an important article on " The Church of the Future." He calls upon Churchmen to open their eyes to the fact that the separation of the Church and State is inevitable ; and is indeed the great result and outcome of the history of the last three centuries. In this result he sees nothing to fear, but everything to hope ; and he points out in what directions the change is sure to be productive of great good. As for injustice, he avows his solemn belief that the nation is " not capable of committing it." The article is in all respects a very remarkable one. The next paper, on "National Portraits," is full of interest, and is written in a picturesque and lively style. " Preachers and Preaching, " A French Criticism of our Public Schools," "Jeremy Taylor and the Liberty of Prophesying," and the " Food Supply of London," make up the remaining contents. Among the most notable articles in the Cornhill this month is an obituary memoir of "Jacob Omnium." Here is one little bit of personality : - "He was rich and well connected, as the phrase is ; he had a magnificent presence, engaging manners, admirable temper ; and his voice was singularly clear and sweet, with the very note of frankness and courage in it. Whether he had the special faculty of making speeches is unknown; but if remarkable lucidity in conversation, an apt and racy choice of language, sparkle in anecdote, terseness in narration, be accept- able evidence, then there is reason to think that Jacob Omnium might have been «n efficient and even powerful debater." Three papers of local interest are entitled- "Glimpses of Mauritius," "Summer in the Hardanger Province," and "Ajaccio." In the last mentioned will be found an interesting sketch of the birthplace of the Buonapartes, and the present state of the dwelling in which the first Emperor was born. The following extract from this article relates to the too famous vendetta : " Among the old Corsican cus- toms which are fast dying out, but which will linger in the remote valleys of Niolo and Vico, is the Vocero, or funeral chaunt, improvised by women at funerals over the bodies of the dead, Nothing illus- trates the ferocious temper and savage passions of the race better than these voceri, many of which have been written down and preserved. Most of them are songs of vengeance and imprecation, mingled with hyper- bolical laments and utterances of extravagant grief, poured forth by wives and sisters by the side of mur- dered husbands and brothers. The women who sing them seem to have lost all milk of human kindness, and to have exchanged the virtues of their sex for Spartan fortitude and the rage of furies. While we read their turbid lines we are carried in imagination to one of the cheerless houses of Bastelica or Bocog- nano, over shadowed by its mournful chestnut tree, on which the blood of the murdered man is yet red. The Gridata, or wake, is assembled in a dark room. On the wooden board, called tola, the corpse lies stretched ; and round it are women, veiled in the blue-black mantle of Corsican costume, moaning and rocking themselves opon their chairs. The Pasto or Conforto, food supplied for mourners, stands upon a side-table, and round the room are men with savage eyes and bristling beards, armed to the teeth, keen for vengeance. The dead man's musket and pocket pistol lie beside him, and his bloody shirt is hung up at his head. Suddenly the silence, hitherto only disturbed by suppressed groans and muttered curses, is broken by a sharp cry. A woman rises : it is the sister of the dead man; she seizes his shirt, and holding it aloft with Mænad gestures and frantic screams, gives rhythmic utterance to her grief and rage : ' I was spinning, when I heard a great noise : it was a gunshot, which went into my heart, and seemed a voice that cried :-Run, thy brother is dying. I ran into the room above ; I took the blow into my breast; I said, "Now he is dead, there is nothing to give me comfort. Who will undertake thy vengeance? When I show thy shirt, who will vow to let his beard grow till the murderer is slain ? Who is there left to do it? A mother near her death ? A sister? Of all our race there is only left a woman, without kin, poor, orphan, and a giri. Yet, O my Brother ! never fear. For thy vengeance thy sister is enough ! "Ma per fa la to bindetta, Sta siguru, basta anch ella!" j Give me the pistol ; I will shoulder the gun ; I will away to the hills. My brother, heart of thy sister, thou shalt be avenged ! ' " The remaining subjects are "A Dialogue on Finality," "Colonial Parlia- ments," and " Some Notes on Othello." The object is to show that Shakespeare, in common with other writers of his time, thought Moors were negroes, and therefote made Othello one. Blackwood continues the historical sketch of Mr. Disraeli, the period covered by this chapter being the Sessions from 1849 to 1851. An article of rather tedious length on " Clever Women," makes some good points, but is far from being light reading. "At Peace," and "The True Irish Grievance," are poems. "Madame Aurelia" is the title of a story commenced in the previous number, and there is another chapter added to the series of " Historical Sketches of the Reign of George II." A lament over the unsettled condition of the times, and the pace at which the nation is going on the dangerous route of innovation is headed, " Religious Equality and Un- limited Formulas." The customary gossip of "Cor- nelius O'Dowd " on passing events and topics of the hour commences with a little talk about the unplea- sant position in which Belgium finds herself with "such a sweet country for fighting in as theirs is." O'Dowd thinks it quite likely that the coming duel between France and Prussia will be fought in Bel- gium, for that a duel is to be fought he, like so many others, has no doubt at all. He has something to say also about Women's Rights, and of the wholesome change that has taken place in the moral and social behaviour of our gallant sailors since the days of Col- lingwood and Nelson. Fraser opens with a paper on " Church Policy. The question every one knows, but it is racily put thus : " How is the Church of England to be main- tained and developed as a National Church, that is, as the religious department of the State, claiming no supernatural authority, but regulated by a kind of rule of thumb so as to include as large a proportion as may be of the best religious teachers of the nations. The difficulty of driving such an ecclesiastical four in-hand is obvious. With Dr. Pusey plunging in one direction, and Dr. Colense bolting in another, the Evangelical kicking out viciously all round, and the steady old Gallios trying to keep up a regular jog-trot, the task is becoming almost superhuman." Mr. Froude has transferred from a manuscript in the State Paper Office a French poem " On the Formation of the Holy Catholic League in France, 1585. It commences : Voua dont la saínete frénslaie L' ambition, la jalousie ; Tient un grand peuple revolte, En ce la vostre sainetite! The strain throughout is satirical, and the last line of each verse repeats the question Est ce la vostre salnetite! The application may very well be made to the events which have happened in Spain. In " News from Sirius," by Mr. Proctor, we get some valuable infor- mation concerning the sidereal heavens. Speaking of the imperfect information afforded by the stars' ap- parent proper motions, he says, "Astronomers have yet been able to deduce one of the most interesting astronomical discoveries yet effected. They have learned that the sun with his attendant system is speeding onward through space, in a certain direction which they have been able to assign, and at a rate of no less than 150 millions of miles per annum. A law, also, affecting the general system of stellar motions has been guessed at, and has been considered by many eminent astronomers to be supported by sufficiently satisfactory evidence. It has been supposed that the proper motions of the stars indicate a vast series of orbital motions round a point in space which does not lie very far from the star Alcyone-the principal star of the Pleiades." The other articles are chiefly continuations, if we except a paper on " Translations of the Iliad." A writer in the Gentleman's Magazine looks hope- fully on the prospect of "Europe in Transition." The present tranquillity is but a pause in a mighty revolution which tends to unite all of one nation or race under one flag. How far Germany and Italy have progressed we know. "The union of Sweden, Norway, and Denmark in such a manner as to reunite all the great branches of the Scandinavian family is far from being a remote possibility. It is a thing actually contemplated, and perhaps nearer accom- plishment than we know of. The miserable conduct of the Spanish Government is tending to make the establishment oi a united Iberia possible. Sickened, degraded, impoverished by the frightful misgovern- ment of their own queen and their own political leaders, the Spanish people are turning their eyes upon that small section of the Peninsula whereon a kindred people manage to conduct their affairs in peace, and in moderate prosperity. The obstacles to the union of Spain and Portugal seem at present insuperable ; but so at one time seemed those that hindered the union of Piedmont with Southern Italy." Considering Mr. Trollepe's wonderful skill in writing ladies' novels and ladies' letters, it is a little curious that St. Paul's has generally more of hard reasoning matter in it than of the lighter elements of literature. There is in this number, however, besides the editor's story of " Phineas Finn," a second enter- taining fiction in progress, " The Sacristan's House- hold," and finally an amusing article on " French Players and Playhouses." Speaking of French actors, the writer says :- " Their pastimes and accomplishments would amaze our English players, and perhaps excite their contempt. They are nearly all collectors, and what are called in France 'amateurs.' Thus M. Grivot, of the Vaudeville, is fond of etching, and is curious in bronzes. St. Germain collects rare books. Desrieux delights in pottery, and people go to see his specimens of old Faience ware. The more famous Doche has an exquisite little museum of rare Dresden and dainty curiosities. Kopp, one of the droll coterie in the Grand Duchesse, has a collection of pictures worth 80,000 francs. Lassouche, of the Palais Royal, collects, china. One actor has a collection of clocks of Louis XIV. ; another, a choice little cabinet by Meissonier ; a third is a good sculptor ; a dozen paint landscapes, nearly all are musicians, and most play on the violin. As for the actresses, it is not too much to say that every second one sings skilfully, and plays the pianoforte as a matter of course. Many French actors write elegant and lively verses-'proverbes ' sometimes-which they act for their own amusement. All this betokens a refined tone of thought. The directors of the theatres are very often skilled and successful dramatists, and more often still trained and refined critics, who have served an apprenticeship on influential papers. The green-rooms are not like ours, bare, unfurnished apartments, but noble salons, full of busts of great players and dramatic authors, cevered with pictures of scenes from great plays by great artists, furnished with presents from the kings of France." The other subjects of the number are "The Conservative Premier," "Life Studies," "Other Habitable Worlds," "The Red Rose," "A Boar-Hunt in Burgundy," "Christian Thought em- bodied in Christian Art," and " Provincial Journal- ism," the latter a somewhat courageous defence of people whom it is the fashion to sneer down. Con- sidering the difficulties by which it is surrounded, the writer affirms that provincial journalism is fair, impartial, and not wanting in talent. "If," He remarks, "Dickens's Eatanswill Gazette and Independent had been in any way true representatives of local newspapers, the pro- vincial press would, ere this, have become an intolerable nuisance, to the community, whereas, on the contrary, the magnitude of the benefit of it has hardly been appreciated at its full weight and value." The Broadway is publishing the Rev. Newman Hall's "Impressions ot America," which are remark- able for their geniality and occasional humour, and only a little too strong in their sympathy with the purely American view of things. Mr. James Hannay contributes a paper on "Thackeray as a Humourist and Satirist." Mr. Sala is of course amusing even in his sketch of "Railway Accidents and Railway Management." There is a sketch of "Bettws-y Coed," by Mr. Fenn, with a full-page illustration; a paper on "Pheasant Shooting and Preserving," illus- trated by Harrison Weir ; poems by Sir John Bow- ring and Mr. Westland Marston ; and an article with a wonderful title, "Cannibalism in the Cars," the meaning of which we must leave the reader to dis- cover it he is at all curious about it. Tinsley continues the author of Guy Living- stone's new story, "Breaking a Butterfly ; or, Blanche Ellerslie's Ending." Some additional chapters of "A House of Cards " are also given, and the opening of a new story, " All for Love." The general subjects are-*'My Fellow Creatures," by Charles Matthews ; " Criticisms on Centemporaries ;" "Wyvil's Hour," an incident of the Civil War; "Baden-Baden in a new Light;" "Clarissa;" "Experiences of a Dipso- maniac;" "The Hon. Alice Brand's Correspondence;" and a ninth chapter of "English Photographs," by an American. At the present time, any information as to what the English Church tends to when released from State control, is of value. Mr. Edwin Hatch (formerly Professor of Classics, Trinity College, Toronto, and now Rector of the High School, Quebec,) contributes an interesting paper to Macmillan's, on the "Canadian Church," carelully tracing its history. At one time there was virtually a joint establishment of the English and Roman Churches in Lower Canada, while at the same time the English Church was supreme in Upper Canada. As the other religious bodies grew, there arose a strong feeling against the tithe laws, and after many years' agitation, they were done away with. Then the various religious denominations thought they were entitled to a share in the "clergy reserves ;" this question had to be fought out. A bill was brought before the English Perliament, to empower the Pro- vincial Legislature to deal with the question. The Bishop of Exeter spoke of the "dangerous precedent," which the "subversion of the Protestant Church in Canada," would furnish to those who were agitating for the subversion of the Protestant establishment in Ireland, and asked in language which may remind us of more recent arguments, " Were any of their lord- ships prepared to advise her Majesty to violate her coronation oath ?" The Bishop of Oxford said that he " thought a claim of justice was involved in the demand of the Canadian Parliament." The bill passed by a large majority - and the Canadian Legislature acted upon it. The results of the quasi disendowments are very ably shown. The worst of the bad results seems to be, that the Church is governed by the clergy and clerically minded men; the real laity having here no power, as they have in England, through the State. Realmah is dead, much to the regret of Ellesmere, and the story is to be "concluded in the next number." Mr. Fawcett has an article, " What can be done for the Agricultural Labourers?" He thinks very little, till they are in some way educated. Mr. Henry Chester contributes a readable paper on " The Food of the People." The number also has an interesting article on our "Heavy Guns." The Archbishop of Dublin contributes a sonnet "On a Brother and Sister who Died at the same Time, Abergele, August 20,1868." This we must quote : " Men said, who saw the tender love they bare Each to the other, and their hearts so bound And knit in one, that neither sought nor found A nearer tie than the affection rare - How with the sad survivor will it fare, When death shall for a season have undone The links of that close love ; and taking one The other leaves to draw unwelcome air! And some perchance who loved them, would revolve, Sadly the sadness which on one must fall, The lonely left by that dividing day. Vain fears! for He who loved them best of all, Mightier then we life's mysteries to solve. In one fire-chariot bore them both away." St. James's contains additional chapters of its three current stories, " A Life's Assize," " Bissett's Youth," and "Hirell." The sketches are:-"A Home for the Homeless," " Dyspeptic Saints," "On her Majesty's Service," "What are the Odds?" " Dolls," " Snake Eating," " The Inevitable Baby," "Women's Novels," "Inveterate Cheerfulness," "Literary Fools," and "The Stage Swindle." One of these titles is in rather questionable taste, as the " literary fools " of which the article treats were for the most part literary men who became insane. Was the gentleman to whom the following extract refers a greater fool than Dr. Huxley or Mr. Darwin ? " In 1529 appeared at Florence The Anatomy of Language. It was written by a physician named Joseph Bernardi, during his confinement in an asylum. Among other strange opinions, he held that the whole race of mon- keys had the faculty of speech, but that they kept it carefully concealed. On the walls of his cell he drew a diagram of a monkey's throat, and sought to prove that the construction plainly indicated the gift of speech, and even of song. Bernard! asserted that in the first editions of the voyages of Marco Polo it had been well established that monkeys could sing. What added to the curiosity of all this was, that one Cremoni, a Jesuit father, wrote a serious refutation of Bernardi's treatise, and maintained that the work, though well-written, contained theories not in accord- ance with Holy Writ, and which, consequently, could not be tiue." Belgravia, notwithstanding its general character, indulges in serious talk occasionally. This month it argues the question, " Are there more Worlds than One?" Mr. Thornbury continues his account of " The London Clubs." Among the lighter sketches is one which may be commended to those whom it concerns, " How to get Married." Miss Braddon an- nounces for publication next month the Belgravia Annual, which she assures her readers is to be "in every sense-literary, artistic, and material-the most valuable, as well as the most attractive, work of the kind ever seen." Temple Bar is rather poor, if we except the current story by the author of "Doctor Jacob," which is well written and full of incident. A merchant con- victed of uttering fictitious bills of exchange com- mences the record of his " Six Years in the Prisons of England." The narrative has all the appearance of a genuine autobiography. " A Model Priest " sketches a sort of representative parish clergyman in a French country-place. "The Broken Mug" is a short story from the German of Heinrich Zachokke. "Practical Entomology" and "Northumberland" are amusing papers of the ordinary magazine stamp the latter recording a little of the border history, mingled with snatches of ballads. There is also a slight notice of Harrington, the author of " Oceana," and a story by Annie Thomas (Mrs. Pender Cudlip). London Society commences with a sketch of people in the Row. The writer thinks that he has detected in Hyde Park, as in the Avenue de l'Impératrice, "an unhappy and dissatisfied expression," if not "real misery," on the faces of the occupants of very fine carriages. However this may be, some of the contrasts presented by the equipages are very well sketched both with pen and pencil. "Life in London" is a free, but not very original, sketch ; and, by the way, Robert Buchanan contributes . poem, under the title of "London Lyrics." Mr. Hood continues " The Physiology of the Dance," illustrated with an impossible view of the "Gyration archaic post- prandial," and a still more objectionable picture of "the carpet-frisk modern extempora- neous. With the exception of these affectations, and a good descriptive sketch of " Aberystwith " London Society is occupied with the usual misceilany of light reading. There is literally nothing in Bentley this month to keep a reviewer in countenance who might desire to speak well of it. The contents are: "Worth the * Winning, two additional chapters; "Percy's Re- turn, a little poem; "My Cousin Clara," six chapters; "After the Burden and the Heat," a little poem; "The Alchemist, or, the Haunted Tower," second part; "The Two Graces," a short story; "A Spirit's Tale," one of the poorest ghost stories ever penned ; " The Life-History of a Good Old Town," four additional chapters; "The Fairies' Task," a little poem; and "The Gipsy Lady," a tale. The New Monthly has a paper on " The Russians in Manchuria," which, like the articles which have pieceded it in the series, deserves the gravest atten- tion. The highroad to Pekin is not, as some fancy, either by the Oxus or the Jaxartes, nor from Kakhta across the deserts of Mongolia, over which Russia has already its posting stations, but hythe Ameer and the Usuxi, which afford ready means for the transport of men and material-and that on what is now Russian soil-to within a fortnight's journey (eight hundred miles) of the capital of the dynasty whose birthplace is actually in the hands of the Muscovite." This Manchuria, therefore, is surely worthy of more notice than it has hitherto received, and this article furnishes a good starting point of inquiry. "Blacklock Forest," and "Legends of the Black Forest," are both continued. "The Civil Service in France," is not what the title would suggest, but a light amusing sketch. A writer in All the Year Round thinks he has observed that reading the daily journals and periodi- cal literature has a tendency, in general, to misguide men into tricks-but he means tricks of manner. An old idea, never yet thoroughly considered, is revived by Mr. Brandon, relative to the passenger traffic of railways. He proposes to treat a passenger like a letter, and send him anywhere over the kingdom, regardless of distance, at a fixed minimum charge. A threepenny stamp shall take you, third-class, any journey in one direction you like to go, whether from Ludgate-hill to Sydenham, or from John o'Groat's to Land's-End. If you prefer second-class, you will take a sixpenny stamp ; if you will luxuriate in first class, your postage will amount to one shilling. How- ever wild this may sound, Mr. Brandon argues that it would pay everybody, shareholders, the public, and the Government, besides giving renewed impetus to industry of all sorts. The sum proposed to be charged for passenger postage looks ridiculously small. In reality it is not so much less than the average fare at present paid for the average journeys as might be supposed. In 1865, in round numbers, three and a half millions of passengers trains ran over seventy-one million miles, carrying two hundred and fifty-two millions of passengers. The traffic produced fourteen million seven hundred and twenty-four thousand eight hundred and two pounds. This gives an average of nearly twenty-one miles and seventy-three pas- sengers for each train, which is about three and a-half passengers per mile ; giving an average for fare, at present paid! per average journey, of fourteen pence only. " Now," says Mr. Brandon, " give me an uni- versal threepenny fare everywhere, and I will promise you six times the traffic, which will give the united railway interest an excess of four millions of receipts, with very little, if any, addition to the expense of carrying an increased number of passengers. But that is merely supposing each person paid but three- pence. It is calculated, however, that of the increased number of travellers one-seventh would ride first-class at one shilling, and two-sevenths second-class at sixpence. This would raise the annual return to thirty-two million pounds, for passenger traffic, instead of fourteen three-quarter millions, as at present." Though a passenger is heavier than a letter, there is no expense incurred for his delivery, and so the analogy between passengers and letters, so far as regards cost, is not affected by considerations of weight. A writer in Once a Week, remarking on Messrs. Chamber's Etymological Dictionary, in which the correct origin of the word " curmudgeon " is given, adds the following curious pedigree of the derivations assigned to that much debated word:-"Johnson announced it as derived from the French, cour méchant ; and thereby hangs a tale. After stating that the word is supposed to come from the two French words here named, he thought it right to mention his authority for this derivation-an un- known correspondent. Whereupon Ash, copying Johnson, entered the word as follows in his diction- ary ;-' Curmudgeon, s. from the French cœur, un- known, and méchant, correspondent.' " This is a fair specimen of some of the amusing little notes with which Mr. Dallas has the wit to sprinkle his pages. We read in Chambers's Journal that " an ingenious jeweller in Paris makes brooches and other ornaments of a novel kind combining mechanical movements, which are kept in operation by very small galvanic batteries carried in the wearer's pocket, or fixed in some part of his dress. The batteries are constructed of minute slips of zinc and platinum or zinc and carbon, moistened with an acid! solution of sulphate of mercury; and the action begins whenever the little box in which it is contained is so placed that the acid comes in contact with the slips of metal. The brooches represent a rabbit which strikes a bell with drum-sticks ; the head of a skeleton with roiling eyes, and a mouth that opens and shuts; a grenadier beating a drum ; a monkey playing the fiddle ; and a bird moving its wings and tail as if flying." The writer may well ask, "are there really people who wear the toys here described? And what further demands will they make on science in the gratifica- tion of their vanity." 