j THE AAIATEUR ENTERTAINMENT. ' Last' evening tho Amateur Dramatic Club gave itlio first of two entertainments in tec Thcatro Royal for tlie purpose of aiding1 tho local chari- jties. Tlio house, as it should be, was well filled, and but for the wintry weather, doubtless, tliero. ;would have been a crush. At tlio olosd1 of tee iperformanco the performers were called'' before.- piivfm'n fllul vflHAlvofl flin itlfliulifc iSf f.lm in n_ dicuco. The programme comprised threo scones from Hamlet, commencing at the first soliloquy of tho Prince to tlio vow of secrecy lie exacted from Horatio and Alareellus. AlrNcill aimed Iiigh when ho undertook to play tlio chiof figure, but he is deserving of no small degree of credit for the manner in wliich some portions of his very .difficult part were goho through; indeed his errors were thoso of omission rather than commission, arising from tlie very natural ner vousness attending a first' appearance, notwith standing which he made a very favourable .im pression. Air Owers :was. well got up as the Ghost of Hamlet's father, and had evidently carefully studied liis part. At the fall of. -the curtain ho was, as also was AH1 Neill, called to receive the approbation of tlie audience. Mr Hammond as Horatio, and Mr Hunter as Alar eellus, except in one or two-places, well-sustained their parts, especially in the scene on the battle ment of the castle. Tlio second part of tlio en tertainment was a Japanese performance, Alessrs Williams, T. Hunter,, and Sheclian couvulsing the house with laughter. Tho most difficult of the tricks of the Japanese Jugglers wero imitated in a irresistibly ludicrous;' but, witlial, very clever manner, Mr Slieelian, especially, with the balls and laiivos, and Air Williams as the top spinner. Air' Hunter was also very good in the butterfly ahd other dexterities. Air J. Hunter afterwards performed a. solo, wliich should have been en cored hiit too much time bad been lost between the parts. Air Goode received an almost ovation for his cornet solo. The entertainment concluded with a, burlesque of tho Lady of Lyons, with the following ensto : — -Beauscant, Air Owers ; Colonel Dames, Mr Neill; Descliappelles, Air Taylor; Claude Alelnotte, Air J. Hunter; Gaspar, Air Alartin; Landlord, Air Alartin; Family Porter, Air Hiimmond; Madame Descliappelles, Mr T. Hunter ; Pauline, Air Williams ; Janet, Air Harvey; Widow Alelnotte, Air Hammond ; servant, AIv AI'Dpnald. This was received with almost continuous applause ; in fact the progress of tlie performance .was frequently retarded by , the tumultous approbation given it. It would be in vidious to mention tlio name of any in . particular, where all were sans reproach in then- respective parts. ITlie'orchestra was composed of the follow ing gentlemen, who loudly consented to perform ; — Messrs Ilowson, Huenerbein, T. L. Brown, Goode, Murphy, Cole, J. Hunter, and T. Hunter. Previous to., tlio rise of the curtain tee overture from the Daughter of the Regiment was given hi a masterly manner, and during the whole night there was no lack of good music.- The amateurs are deserving of -thanks for "the efforts .they have made for so worthy an object, and wo would re mind' the public- that the. -only way to express that thanks properly is by giving teem- a bumper bouse this evening. : Apart from the object of the entertainment, it is worthy of patronage. / : ; 