THE PRESBYTERtIAN AN D THl RISH CHURCH. 2o the Editor of tre Belifst l etwo- Letter. Smn-I claim the privilege of debate that, namely, of replying to the discussion that has arismn out of my letter on the Irish Church-a discussion characterised, on the whole, by an excellent spirit and temper. My object was to account for the remarkable fact that the Presbyterian Pastors, as a body, have not come forward publicly to aid the Ettablish ment in its present dificultiee. 1 said we considered the agitation as practically useless, and every day confirms sueh a feeling. The movement to disestablish is the movement of the age. Mr. Gladstone, with all his splendid powers, could accomplish nothing, were it not in the line and march of human things. Some will think, with Mr. Riddal, it is a sinful movement, to be resisted to the utmost. Others believe it is n movement of the enlightenment and the Christianity of the age. This is quite possible, and, if so, it is seriously to be accepted by us as the finger of God--one of the great historical develop ments of Providence. I said temporalities were not worth our united action to uphold them. Mr. Riddal accepts my distinction between the endowments and the status of establishmeont. He nobly abandons the endowments, if neces sary, but he thinks we should all unite to maintain the established status. Why should we ? He thinks, and many Episcopalians think with him, that, that is the state's acknowledge ment of christianity. But what if we assort that to establish our church is the way to have a state recognition of religion. If any religion is to be established, it ought to be ours, as it is in Scotland. But it is urged the Establishment is a grand barrier against Pol ery. Our answer is ready-the non established Protestantiem of these lands lins proved itself the better safeguard of the two. While, therefore, we have never put forth a hand to injure the establishment we do not now put forth a fingor to save it. That some people should prefer to worship God according to the English form is quite reasonable; that they should have a minister oftheir own in English orders to break to them the Bread of Life is just and equal ne cording to our views of toleration. lBnt it is not just or equal, or according to perfect toleration and impartial government, to place one minister in a district, and make him by law the only minister there, to the ig noring of all others, however beloved by the people or honored of God. If he be a better man, more enlightened, more gifted, more spiritual and useful, these things will naturally give him that supremacy which is good. But to give him - perhaps without natural or spiritual qualifications a more legal supremacy is a stale crime against the equal rights of man; sad the time has coma when our calm and sacred convictions on this matter must voice themselves distincty. Another cause I mentioned was the sacerdotal theory which denies our orders. None of the letter-writers in reply have really dealt with this point. It was, perhaps, hardly to be expected they would or could. For alas, it is not the idea of one or two bigots in the church, bhut that church's constitutional prin. ciple derived from Roman Catholio times. I may, therefore, re-assert it as unassailable, there can be no cordial co-operation between thoe churches unless on the condition that meets our self.respect-the equal validity of our orders. Happily the days of priestism, at least of.Protestant priesatim, are numbered. A priest peeping and muttering in. his con. anorated gauze is to us a humiliatingspeotable. It suited the childhood of the world,: but. now in our manhood we feel strong enough to take up his theory between heaven and earth, and throttle it with finger and thumb. And do not our friends see that such a principle leads necessarily. to Rome. If there is anything in apostolio saucession-which there is not-it is found in Rome. If there Is anything.in aq)oramentnl emoney becauseo or pri,'lta orders -which there os nt--it is foun T);l itosm. Itilm Rlism Is a great nalural nmovlmOent, of tliI it Anglican mind. It is the ilnoxorltllo h1gin of o humarn reason Itl tt is o.rryin l Etnglith men Sanld woman to Popery. 'Tllh germ priniiplev e of lprio ism and moarenlennll in l were l'ft io e the chllurll, nd 300 yelars have ripenId and11 dteveloped them. Tiho mluvtlent iII ,,ml rapid in ]Englund bensoo there tho civilinlilon is higher. But the movemlent is no lmightly, that soon or into (nas we ventur to predict), there will ho steon in these lands only ti o twot tsystems-tho lull developed oystemn of triero, and the pure, primoval, simple spiritunl ro ligionplanued by Ihu odviour of men, a religiol living by fiith and eitablished by the grace of the Holy Ghost. We oiject also to the political lomoents so a paramount in the Irish Churhob. In England thoe ntmosphero of dissoet is so chalrgd with pelitioul elootricity, that one can worship more comfortably In the Establishod Churo wheoro evangolical. "But hero in Ireland the condi tiones are oxacotly raversed, and it is tho Ettab. lishbment whioh is so intensoely political. It is not any one shlado or side of politics I refer to, for both sides and all shades may be found in our own body. But we object to a Church making itself a great political engino and agonoy ; and we chorish the, holp that the Irish Church, ifdis-.cstablished, would I ecomo I more purely spiritual, as a Clhuch should be. a I can assure your correspondents and the Christian people of the Establishment, for whom I havo a sincero regard, that, to spare them, and to spare us all unnecessary foeeling at this crisis, I have not spoken of nmany mat tors in which the people of our conmunion consider themselves deeply aggrieved. I have not referred to the sad marriage question, itl I which so dark a stigma was sought to be I fastened uptn us. I have not menotioned the parish grave-yard question, nor need I, for, even whilo I writo, the force of publicopinion is opening the enclosures to the religious ser vices of all Christians. Nor have I alluded to mnnny of thebo civil and social disabilities under which our Church has laboured for 200 years. As a believer in the Gospel of love, I should rejoico to find that the bishops and clergy of the dominart church had ever made an effort to relieve us from those disabilities. Bnt his. tory, so tar as I snow, boara no evidenceo of suoli a Christian nobleness on their part. In their day of power they did not grant it and now in their day of weakness we do not ask it. And we toll Irish ChOrchmen they might have had thleir hierarchy anl liturgy, and yet there would have booen union and love. They might have had their State con nection with all the dignity thereto belonging, and yet there would hsvo been peace and friendship. But, in their short-sighted im policy, they must compel us into conformity, t or failing that, crush as with civil d sa bilities, so as to dwarf gi into ecclesiastical nothingness. And now sco the results union and co-operation are felt to be- shall Isay it, t impossible. In conclusion, I am sure we shall over cherish a Iriendly spirit towards the many good men and many good things in thi IrishI Church. For the hereditary Epistopalian, such as my Lord Downshire, we feel a true t affection; but when we look around we dis cover how few such there tbe, for parish pow and parish pulpit, and oven Cathedral stall, t are filled by mon who, either themselvas or t their immediate progenitors, were members of 1 our communion. Can we hope that they have found that which alone can justify their r clhango, a parer gospel and closer attention to v their spiritual interests than when they wor- s shipped with us? " I have written very calmly, because an hysterical excitement on either side will not moot the grand exigencies of this time. Rather from the imminent fall of the Established C Church should wo learn to correct the faults t in our own, and who can tell what possibil itios of union and of love there may lie in the Ii future, when the fire of adversity has done a its purifying and hollowing wor.--With r much cateenl, HeNaY OBInoRuE. Holywood, April 29, 1808. ti P. S.-Dropping the " we," and speaking ti for myself personally, I assure the tRov. Walter Riddal, Rev. CharlesSeaver, and Mir. Hamilton that I reciprocate warmly the kind o things that have been written of me. IH. O.0 