GHOST STORIES. BY OLD BOOMERANG. CHAPTER I. "CLEW up the fore-royal!" shouted Mr. Bunt, the chief officer, who was keeping his watch one night on board of the clipper ship "Jamie Johnson," then on her voyage from this colony to London. The ship had won a reputation for making good passages, and Mr. Bunt was not the sort of man to let her loose it, through want of vigilant seamanship on his part. No one even caught him napping on the hen-coops, instead of keeping one eye to windward on the lookout for squalls, and the other eye on the binnacle, to see that the man at the wheel did not yaw the ship off her course, as steersmen are apt to do unless they are looked sharply after, by the officer of the watch. Although not much given to "crack- ing on" (which often means carrying on sail until it carries away altogether, with yards, and masts, and sailors too, sometimes), Mr. Bunt liked to make his ship "walk along," and in steady breezes "he'd give her beans." But for all that he was a careful man, with- out any old fashioned nautical nonsense about him; and the equivvical fun of startling a timid passenger, never induced him to wilfully carry away even a top gallant-studding-sail boom; nor did he ever play any other rsisky pranks with his ship, as many mates in less enlightened days have done, for the mere honour and glory of being called "regular sea- dogs," or "real tigers to carry on." At the time of the occurence of the incident which I am about to relate, the Jamie Johnson was in "the variables," having lost the south-east trade wind a few degrees south of the equator. The weather was uncertain, as it usually is in those latitudes, still it was a moonlight night, and the ship was under all plain sail, close-hauled on the port tack. A slight rain squall was coming up, and so Mr. Bunt was doubtful if there was not a puff of wind with it, he gave the orders to take in the fore- royal, and to haul down the flying-jib. The main-royal-yard was on deck, having been sprung the day before. The hands in the chief mate's watch were not very smart men, in fact, the crew on the whole were below the average class of able seamen; but in those golden days it was not an easy matter to get a first rate crew, for the homeward passage, and, and ships often left the ports of Sydney, and Melbourne, very inefficiently manned. My allusions to these facts will ex- plain the reason why Mr. Bunt was obliged to repeat his orders before there was any sign of the hands having roused up from their lounging places under the lee of the longboat. At length the fore-royal halliards were let go, and the bunt and clews of the sail were lazily hauled up. "Up you go, one of you, and furl it! and be smart about it," said the mate. Just then the moon shone out from behind a cloud, and to the surprise and terror of all the hands on deck, it was observed that a person was on the yard, furling the sails in a masterly manner. "Who is that up aloft?" asked the mate of the trembling men in the waist. No one answered him, whereupon the question was repeated, in a tone which showed that Mr. Bunt had a little bit of bad temper in him, though he was such a good sailor. "Why don't you open your mouths, some of you? who is that fellow on the yard, Jack?" "The devil, I think, Sir," replied the sailmaker, who had been silently counting the hands on deck. "Its nobody belonging to our watch any way, for we are all here, every man of us." "Who the mischief can it be? Hoy! aloft there!" shouted Mr. Bunt. In an instant the figure disap- peared from the yard, but no one could tell which way it descended; the sailmaker, however persisted in asserting that he saw him go off in a blue flash, and the boatswain swore that he smelt brimstone. The squall came up at that minute, but it was merely rain, and no wind with it, so there was no occasion to take in more sail. "Pump ship out," said the mate, who was anxious to give his men something to do, to keep them from getting thoroughly panic stricken. While they were at work at the pumps, he went quietly into the fore- castle and counted the watch below. There, they were all right, nine of them fast asleep in their bunks, and the tenth, an ordinary seaman, lying coiled up on his sea chest, snoring loudly. The evidence was con- clusive to Mr. Bunt that the sail had been handed by some supernatural agency, and he felt it to be his duty to acquaint the captain, forthwith. "Captain Chink!" said the mate, tapping at the state-room door rather more loudly than usual. "Hallo! hallo! what's up, Mr. Bunt?" said the captain, rubbing his eyes as the mate entered. "How does the weather look?" "Not much wind, sir, hauling about, what there is of it; but I am sorry to say there is a ghost on board." "Ghost be blowed! what do you mean, Bunt?" said Captain Chink, who professed a disbelief in any- thing and everything of the sort, that he could not see with his own eyes. "I mean to say, sir, that I gave the order just now to clew up the fore-royal, and before I could send a hand up aloft there was somebody on the yard furling the sail, I'll swear it was'nt one of my watch, for I mustered them all in the waist, before I hailed the stranger up aloft." "Perhaps it was one of the watch below," said the captain, turning out of his cot and beginning to dress. "No, sir, I'm sure it was'nt one of them neither; for I went below directly, and counted ten hands, all snoring full speed." "Well then it must be one of those Sydney long- shore rowdies, who has smuggled himself on board. But I'll rouse him out in brace of shakes. Call the second mate." "It's not likely that a stowaway would wait till we were more than two months out before he showed him- self," said the mate. "And the fore-royal yard is not a likely place for a chap of that sort to pick for making his first appearance. It's my firm belief it is a ghost, or something worse." "We'll soon see," said the captain, buckling on his belt, with his cutlass and revolver affixed to it. "Steward, light a couple of lanterns." A scrutinising search was then made, beginning at the lazarette, and ending at the coal hole in the fore- peak. Every probable hiding-place on deck was also examined, even to the hen-coops on the poop, and the pig-pens beneath the long-boat; but nothing new was discovered. "Well, there is no ghost in sight down be- low, or on deck either, Mr. Bunt," said the captain, walking on to the poop, after he had completed the search. "If he is anywhere on board be must be up in the fore-top. Go up and have a look, Mr, Grum- met, and if you catch him up there, send him down by the run." But Mr. Grummet (the second mate) did did not move a step toward the rigging, which plainly showed that he had no wish to catch a ghost, or even to try to do it. If the captain had ordered him aloft in a typhoon, to cut a flapping sail from a yard, or to do any other hazardous job which came strictly within the course of his duty, he would have done it without a sign of demurring; but he had not signed articles for any such extra work as catching a ghost, and he was deterred from even attempting the task, by the dread of the ghost catching him. "What! are you afraid to go aloft, Grummet? asked the captain, angrily. "I thought you were more of a sailor. Where's the boatswain?" The boatswain was not far off, but he positively refused to put his foot on a rattlin till daylight; urging, in a rather insubordinate tone, that "he was'nt going to he horned by old Nick, if he knew'd it." The captain thereupon grew wrath, and peremptorily orderd all the watch to go aloft together, bot not a man stirred a leg, and one of them grumblingly suggested that the captain had better go up himself, and see how he'd like to he grabbed. "Who said that? What man has the impudence to speak to me in that style? Just let him show himself, and I'll give him a couple of dozen, hot and strong," vociferated the captain. But no one was induced to come forward by that stimulating promise, and they all remained as mute as fishes. In a few minutes the cap- tain retired to his cabin, uttering as he went, very disrespectful things against ghosts in general, in tones loud enough to he heard by everyone on the fore-top- gallant-yard. The watch below had been attracted on deck by the unusual hubbub, and a conference of all hands took place near to the windlass, after the captain had shut his cabin door. "What was the cove on the royal-yard like, Sails?" asked half-a-dozen voices at once. "Why he was a great big horse-marine of a fellow, painted black, with a billy-goat's head on him, and a tail as long as a tiller chain coiled three times round his waist, and the harpoon end of it snugged up under his coat collar behind," replied the sailmaker, with solemn gravity, while his eyes peeped furtively over his shoulders, lest the mysterious stranger should be within hearing. "Thai's 'old Scratch' himself," said Tom Pepper, the forecastle wag and storyteller. "And it's likely enough he came on board for the skipper, for he is the most audacious fellow to swear that I ever heard, barring Sam Blobb, the chap who sold himself to the devil for a dollar." "I don't believe you ever heard anybody beat the skipper at that fun, Tom," said the boatswain. "I did'nt say that I heard the chap myself, but that's no matter; I can tell you the yarn." "We don't want to hear any of your yarns just now, so you may belay your jawing tackle. It is not safe to be telling lies when the devil is aboard of us," said the sailmaker, who was in an unusually serious mood that night. "It's no lie at all that I am going to tell, but a true fact, every inch of it, for my mother told it to me when I was a boy, to warn me against cursing. I think she said she knowed the identical man who sold himself." "You mean that she knowed the fellow that bought the man," remarked Jem Blocks, the quarter-master, with a sly wink. "Come, come, stow that slack, Jem, or I'II give you a hit on the head with this grindstone handle," said the sailmaker. "Let's hear the yarn, Tom, if there is no lie in it." "It's true, I'll warrant," said Tom; he thus began his story:__"Sam Blobb the cobbler was an out-an-outer to swear; you may take my word for that, though I never heard him myself. He used to get drunk, too, whenever he had a chance, so in course he was a lazy fellow, and his wife was neglected, and half-starved, though she was as tidy and honest a woman as ever handled a needle. One night Sam was staggering home half-drunk, and cursing like fury because the landlord of the Green dragon wouldn't trust him another pot of beer. Presently as he was rounding a dark corner, somebody tapped him on the shoulder, and says he "hallo my friend! praying are you? Don't you pray again, and I'll give you a dollar." "'It's a bargain, Mister. Hand out the money,' said Sam, 'I'll promise never to pray again as long as I live.' 'All right,' said the man. 'Here's the dollar,' and away he vanished, behind a brick wall, and Sam went home grinning like a cod's bead because he'd got money for some more beer. "'Run and get me a pot of fippenny ale, Missis,' said Sam, and he tossed the dollar on the table beside his wife. "'Where did thee get that money, Measter?' said Mrs. Blobb, she knew very well he hadn't worked for it, because he had been on the spree for a week, and he had pawned all his tools except his lap- stone. "'Ha, ha, ha! a chap gave it to me just now to pro- mise not to pray again as long as I live, ho, ho, ho! what a lark!' "'Mercy pon us, Sam! what sort of a fellow was he as gived thee the money?' asked Mrs Blobb, turn- ing quite pale. "'Why he was a great big stout chap, with super- fine black clothes on, and a long-faced hat with a broad brim,' said Sam, 'run and fetch the ale, missis, for I'm very dry.' "'Not I indeed, Measter, I wouldn't touch that money for all the world, twice over; for it nor the devil as gived it to thee, I be sartin sure; and thee hast sold theeself to em safe enough, for it's only Satan, or one of his kin, as wud try to coax a man not to pray.' At that Sam began to shiver and shake like a tailor on the topsail-yard, and his wife began to cry, and the children woke up and began to cry too, so there was a regular hullaballoo in the house all at once. "'What shall I do, Missis?' blubbered Sam. I'm awfully sorry; but I hope the bargain won't stand, because I was half groggy when I made it. Pitch the dollar out of doors, Polly.' "'I dursn't touch it for the life of me, Sam. Gracious me! Thee'st settled theeself now I be feared, and it's all owing to that nasty drink. Dear, dear, dear! There's no telling when the old fellow will come for thee, so I dursn't like to leave thee, else I'd run up to the Parson's house, and ax him to help you out of the mess. He'll do't if he can I know, for he's a real good man.'" "I say, cut your yarn short, Tom," said the boat- swain, "we shall get the word to take in canvas di- rectly, for there is something besides thunder and lightning in those clouds on the beam there." "Well the long and the short of the story is this," continued Tom, "Sam was in an awful funk while his wife was gone for the parson. But when his rev- erence came, he went on his knees and began to pray, and Sam went on his knees too, but he was too much scared to pray, for a long time, and he could only roar. Presently he began to pray in real earnest, and he had never done that before in his life. After a bit a wonderful change came over him all in a minute, and his heart got as joyful as a little cherub's; and his poor wife and children began to cry with gladness. Sam never drank a drop of strong liquor after that night, in fact he renounced the devil and all his works, and turned out a regular steady going charac- ter, quite a religious man, and everybody in the village respected him. That yarn is as true as the binacle compas, allowing for variation, of course." "But do you mean to say the devil didn't try to make Sam stick to his bargain?" asked Sails. "Tut! it wasn't the devil at all who gave Sam the dollar. It was this very identical parson who came to pray with him. He heard Sam cursing and swearing as some of us chaps do pretty often. So he stepped behind him and tapped him on the shoulder in the way in which I have told you. It was a dark night, and the parson went away afore Sam could see who he was. And now let me tell you, boys— "All hands shorten sail!" shouted the chief mate, which stopped Tom Pepper's application, and the crew hurried to their stations, for a heavy squall was about to shake the ship. [My next chapter will give all particulars respect- ing the mysterious stranger on the fore-royal-yard.] 