Monday. 3bj- At/oust. The Council met at 11 o'clock. All the members present. The Coxohial Secbetabt presented a memorial from tbe Congregationalists protesting against the motion for the division of the ecclesiastical fund, and begged that it be received. The Attokkey GehebjlD seconded the motion. His Excellency the Govxbjtob observed that the proper time to discuss the petition wonld be when the Estimates were under. consideration. The Colobiax Secbexabt placed on the table a return furnishing further information as to bankrupt cies. On (he motion of Mr. Batem&n;, seconded by Mr. Steere, a notice of motion with reference to Port Regulations, &&, was read; Mr. Bateican observing that hon. members were aware of the necessity of considering the various important questions therein involved, but more especially with reference to the selection of skilful men to be placed in charge of coasting craft. Thb Govebmob observed tha^ immediately on tbe matter being brought forward a few days since a Bill was drawn up and was cbout to be printed. And he further proposed an amendment on the Passenger Ordinance, 186L The Colonial Sbcbexabt seconded the motion, and after first reading, second reading was fixed for Friday, 7th August. The CoTjONIaIi Secrbxabt, with reference to the duties of the pilot at Bottnest, observed that bis duties were to bring in and berth ships, and that the Harbour Master took them oat of port ; an outward pilot was necessary, and an appointment would be made as soon as possible. The Cdsbs: read the instructions. Mb. Baxskah observed that the offices of pilot and suparintendent of Bottnest should be separate appointments, for frequently Mr. Jackson was absent at Fremantie for days together. Mb. Sxe&bb; said that from what he had heard in (he instructions just read, it was impoessible tor one man to fulfil the duties of both offices; it was very hard, as now, for ships to have to stand off port — waiting for a pilot to take them in. He was very glad that the hon. member from Fremantie had so prominently brought the question forward. (Hear, hear.) The Govebjjob explained that he had frequently visited Bottnest and found that the offices of pilot and superintendent did not in any way clash ; immediately on the pilot being required to go off to ships, the supervision of matters on the island was placed in the hands of an accomplished intelligent warder. Besides, the duties of a pilot were not very frequently brought into requisition, as often, for six weeks, he was with out work. Matters on the island were never in a more satisfactory state than they now were. When there were both superintendent and pilot stationed at Bottnest, there was incessant variance, and conse quently the service was not well performed. Thb Commandakt said that at first sight the uninitiated would think there would be great risk to shipping in consequence of the duties of the pBot requiring so much ot his attention in other matters; but he was prepared to Btate that the office of super intendent was subordinate to that of pilot. Thb CotONlAi Tbeasubeb had frequently visited Bottnest, and had seen that the system as explained worked admirably. The warder who had been refer red to was a first class officer, and fulfilled his duties weU. He had known many coses where captains of ships had refused to accept of the services of a pilot. He did not think that the detention of the pilot at Fremantje' was any detriment to the service. Mb. Baxehak had conversed with no less than three masters of vessels in harbour — the Lady Lousia, Freebridge, and Sylphide — who from compul sion, had been obliged, from the absence of a pilot, to enter the harbour unassisted. Mb. Phillips supported the motion. The Stjbteyob Gbhbbax could bear testimony to the abilities ot the pilot and superintendent at Bottnest, and thought there could be no confusion in the absorption of two officers in one person. The Gotebnob stated that, more especially in reference to the grounding of the Sylphide, and to the irregularities of ' the harbour generally, no report had reached him ; it was not for that meeting but for the Executive Council to consider. By the pre sent arrangement there was a saving of about £200 a year, and as far as he knew no diffiulttes has arisen from the arrangement. The only incon venience that could possibly arise would be in the event of two vessels arriving at the same time, but that was partially provided tor ; and, in his judgment, no better arrangement could be made. The Colonial ?Secbbtaby observed that up to the time of the notice of motion of the hon. member from Fremantiehebadnotheardof the stranding of the Sylphide. He had consequently called for a report on the matter from the Harbour Master, which he would however now submit, Thb Cxssbs. read the report, as follows — Harbor Master's Ofice. Fremanfle, Julj SI. 1868. SlB.-'With reference to your letter 47-1630, calling on me to report on the grounding of the ship Sylpiddt, I nave the honor to inform yon she did not ground in Gage 8 Soad. On Saturday last, daring my absence Job leave), the master employed Air. Back to take his ship into bnl phnr Bay. and from what Hie master of the JSfytpJttde informs me, on rounding tbe Point, ton forefoot touched tbe Point, and tnmed her round, doing no damage. The master v.«s offered to be piloted into tbe winter anchorage on his arrival. I was in FremanUe an Friday, and would have taken her over had I been requested to Harbour Master. Mb. Batemas would ask whether it was competent for the master of a ship to employ any one without the sanction of the Harbour Master to remove the berth of a vessel in port; and perhaps the Govern ment were not aware that M. Back was an insane man. Thb Coloniax Secbbxahy would simply refer the hon. member to the report jnst read, which stated that the Sylphide was removed from her moorings without the cognizance of the Harbour Master. He was aware, too, that immediately on coming into Gage's fioads the captain was advised both by tbe pilot and harbour master, on more than one occasion, to proceed to Garden Island, but be refined. It was clear ri»fc tiis nnifltffr ™™ no *iffo**i ftrMiiy^nfjii^ fjo- beshifted thither. He was aware that Mr. Back was not conaderad a sane man, and if the captain of the Sylpllide had got bis ship ashore, it would have been bis own fault. Mb, Ci.EE gave notice of the following motions : — To move for a return of the number of acres of laud marked out during each year from the 1st January, 1861, to 1st January, 1868; also the num ber and extent of town and suburban allotments marked out in each year, daring the same period; also the extent in acres of leases and licenses marked out ia each year during the sane period ; and also the number of miles of roads laid out each year during the same period. Mb. Bbocekas adverted to his notice of motion for the production of Torrens* Seal Property Act of South Australia, with a view to its adoption in this colony. He said that when in Adelaide about two years since he first saw the Act, and wondered, when he saw the benefits arising from it, that it had not been adopted here. It was received in South Australia with great enthusiasm on all sides. Mr. Torrens was feted both there, in Melbourne, and in other colonies, and was invited by tbe people with a view to its introduction in their own provinces. It had been introduced in Ireland, and partially in England ; and he wonld like to see it in force in this colony. It was simple and economical — registration bong tbe secret of the measure, and, necessarily dispensing with the multiplicity of deeds of conveyance, superseding other deeds, which frequently gave rise to aidless 'litiga tions, uncertainty, loss, anxiety, and inconvenience in ihe disposal of landed property. He was the more surprised that such a model of an Act had been in existence at our very doors for so long a time without having been taken notice of; but it was quite - in keeping with our notorious slow-coach dealings gene- : rally, but which we most get out of if we look for ? progress. Up to 1866 no loss than nearly three, millions of acres of land had come under the operation of this Act in South Australia. It took cognisance of all proceedings in the transfer of land without any legal assistance ; and, apart from the inexpensive and rapid method of operation, it wonld be a great boon, and would be hailed with great satisfaction if adopted here. He hoped that it would he favourably received by hon. members; and he hoped that his learned friend (the Attorney General) would, honestly and without prejudice, and more, with a feeling untainted., with bias, and regardless both of his own ^private interest and that of his friends of the same profearion in the colony, deal with the matter iinpar iaaUy and without over-caution. If his learned friend had any short-eominc in his profession it was that of over-caution, which, however, he said not to his reproach. His learned friend and other hon. members would perhaps say that tbe adoption of the Act in this colony was premature, and that we could not afford it ; bat it was not so, and the sooner it was in force the better, even if it cost the public revenue a little. He would even be inclined to spare a little from the item of roads aad bridges, although from that head he should be sorry to see a sixpence taken. Much had been said of the niarvellous public works which had been promoted and executed by His Excellency the Governor— witness the Town Hall, the FremanUe Causeway, and other bridges, tec- — but tbe initiation and adoption of Torrens' Act in this colony during His Excellency's administration would be indeed his cromuug act; and when all the struc tures spoken of would crumble into dost, it would remain a memento as a successful effort to promote the welfare of this province. He then read several extracts from Foster's South Australia. (Hear, hear.) Thb ATrOBNEr-GeNBBAL said he wished to offer a few observations, which he hoped would be received in a spirit of impartiality. The EBbject, he thought, should be discussed on the broad prin ciple of public expediency, without regard to private interests. Mr. Torrens* Act. passed in 1858, excited the alarm and indignation of tbe lawyers. It was the means of drying up die source of a very profitable stream of conveyancing, and on that account met with the greatest popularity in South Australia. Still, as titles complicate themselves, it needed no prophet to foretel the Sonth Australians will, at no distant day, be forced again to consult their lawyers. It was an error for people to imagine they could get on 'without lawyers. The machinery of the law, not unlike a cotton-mill, was perilous to enter ; and, unhappily, though we can keep out of the mill, we cannot keep free of the law. If we turn our back on it, some of the gear will catch bold of onr skirls, and drag us in. In regard to this Act, what advantages have resulted ? An indefeasible title is secured 1— yes^after strict proofs of being fully entitled thereto. But such is the nature of many titles here, that too many will find to their mortification their title rejected, and, once questioned, their properly becomes depreciated. There will be a kind of resurrection of hydra-headed ** flaws ;' the ghosts of claimant and judgment creditors will arise to scare the holders of land ; there will be lamentation and woe. And in case of fraud or mistnke in granting a title, the public revenue will ultimately be made to indemnity the real owner. There will be a great saving in con veyancing costs, doubtless a very simple and expe ditious procedure ; and in this tespect too much praise could not be conceded to the system. In fact, it would be a complete registry of titles, com bined with a cheap plan of selling real property without the aid of lawyers. And then the machi nery was complicated and costly. We must have three paid commissioners, with a standing counsel to advise on title, and a surveyor — all well-paid officials. In our limited profession, where is tbe counsel to be obtained; that is, a gentleman of ability m conveyancing business, long practice, and free dom from local interests ? Surely, the landed pro prietor would, above all, desire to see a lawyer of some experience in conveyancing, in a position of such great responsibility, in regard to his title. And then he must be well paid. The expenses of the system would entail on our revenue abont £2.000 per annum ; while the fees would, in bis opinion, fall far short of that sum. Our colony Was still very limited in numbers, unlike South Australia. The existing system was anything bnt burthensotne on tbe public. Since the adoption of the Beat Pro perty Law of England, conveyancing was greatly simplified, and a conveyance could be drawn in fora fee of from one to two pounds. Law costs in this colony were considerably less than in tbe neigh bouring colonies. Where we charge five, they exact fifteen or twenty pounds, and more ; and it was the heavy charges, he believed, in South Aus tralia, that led to the passing of Torrens' Act He had no dislike to the Act ; it was highly creditable to its projector, and no doubt had effected good ; but. under the circumstances of this colony, he feared the time had not arrived for its adoption among us. He desired to place the subject in a proper light before the Council ; be sought not to advocate the interests of his legal friends at the expense of the public ; but, entertaining tbe views he bad expressed, he would add a hope that hon. members woaJd well consider the bearing of the whole question, and exercise caution and well grounded judgment, ere they finally determined on accepting the proposed measure at the present time. The boo. and learned gentleman concluded by observing, that in his over-zeal, tbe hon. member from the Swan had indiscreetly mixed op private professional character. He had forgotten that, during 30 years' business connexion between them, his hon. friend had not lost one farthing by his (the learned gentleman's) ?* oeer-eamtum' in rejecting doubtful titles and ill- advised ie^al proceedings. Thb Subtbtob Gbvkbas did not think that Ton-ens' Act would accomplish what the boo. mem ber from the Swan had set forth. The Beal Property Act of England was in existence in this colony, and provided for the transfer of landed property either in a single block or by the process of manipulation. Torrens* Land Act, he knew well, was open to many abuses, and opened the door, from its laxity, to litiga tion. It was expensive, and was not in any way applicable to the circumstances of this colony. Its adoption would bring about a Large expenditure; and could not supersede with advantage the present system of transfer of landed properly. Onr registra tion system was adequate and perfect, and was well performed by the officers delegated to that depart ment -The colony was not in any way in a position to support the necessary staff that would be required to carry ont the provisions of Torrens' Act. When in South Australia he saw the lax way in conveying land from the Crown ; but he should be sorry to see such a dangerous measure introduced, in its entirety, in this colony, which could not faQ, in the end, to bring abont a similar state of affiura. Thb CoMa£AHDA»T observed that be bad atten tively listened to the remarks of tbe hon. member from the Swan, and had gone with him in his views ; be now however saw more than one difficulty in tbe matter. Tbe expense that wonld be entailed on tbe Uevenue by tbe employment of competent men as Commissioners— from £1,500 to £2,000 a year was a consideration he had not anticipated. He was not now inclined to support the measure; but no doubt the day wonld come when it would have to be adopted in this colony. Thb Cchwjniai, Sbcbetabt felt rejoiced to see that the matter bad been bo prominentiy brought forward; it had been urged npon him seven or eight years ago by Messrs. Augustas and Frank Gregory; and although he was then, as now, in favour ot its adop tion here, the colony was not in a position at that time to bear the t» From what he had beard he was inclined to think that such an Act wonld work well; besides, a man need not be compelled to come under the Act. As to Commissioners, and all the of their granting titles without being' sure of their currectuess. Expense had been spoken of as a great difficulty, bat that lax had yet to be explained to | them. The Act could work in this colony without 'that multiplication of staff ..and .expense adverted to b* the Attorney General. However- destrable.aswas the object in Torrens' Act, to dispense 'with -legal assistance in the transfer of land, be was not in sup-, port of that feature; there was great delay in the conveyance and manipulation of land which' Torrens' Act wonld remove. Of course if it was considered advisable to adopt it, nothing could be done this session ; but a report might be drawn up in the meantime- Tbe longer the matter was postponed the more expensive and difficult would it be to adopt the Act. Thb Coloniai Tbeabubbb said that whenat Home he heard Mr. Torrens explaining how well his Act had worked in Sonth Australia. It was at a public meeting, and the speaker was supported by Sir Richard MacDonnelL He was then quite confirmed' in the opinion that it was well adapted for new colo nies, but not for old countries. The sooner it was adopted in this colony the better. It was a measure that should not be taken up hastily and without con sideration, and a report might be drawn up by a committee. The Commissioners spfken of were not paid by the Government, bnt by fees, fanning an assurance fund, into which a levy of one farthing in the pound of the value of the hind transferred was paid. Mb. Phillips was quite convinced of the, import ance of at once adopting the Bill in this colony. The question of expense alone stood in the way. Mb. Bbooeuah said that the Hon. the Colonial Treasurer's remarks had very much enlightened him, more particularly as to the insurance fund; the revenue wonld be protected by it from its always being largely in advance of reguirementa. Both in New South Wales and Tasmania the Act was working. welL If he did not succesd in initiating the Bill on this occasion, be would not fail to urge it on the Council on every available opportunity. (Hear, hear.) When he spoke of over- caution, in reference to his learned friend, he meant no reproach ; h&n.; members, however, were aware that there wag sometimes error and mischief in over-caution. (Hear, hear.) ? Thb Governor said that there could be no difficulty in introducing it if it was favourably con sidered. The expense of working the Act at first startled him, but that now seemed a matter of only secondary importance. A bill could not be drafted in time for that session, but meanwhile, the committee wonld be useful in giving suggestions. A Committee was formed, composed at the Golo nial Secretary, the Attorney General, the Surveyor General, and Messrs. Carr and Brockman. Mb. Habdbt withdrew his motion for the erec tion of a house at the pablic expense for inebriates, there being no support. The Attobket Gbnebal, as Chairman, begged to present the report of the Committee on. the Quarantine BilL Ma. Steebb presented die report of the Board on roads and bridges. Mb. Habdbt said that he regretted having been absent as a member of the Board, but be generally concurred with tbe suggestions advanced. Thb Govebmob said that he bad purposely placed the matter in the hands of the committee as one ot great importance ; to-morrow be would more fully go into the matter. There were several points as to the powers vested in tbe Governor by tbe 12th Viet. No 23. Mr. Brockman was glad to hear tha^no farther legislation was necessary for the supervision of roads. Me. Phillies would like to see the Act repealed at once ; the settlers were all dissatisfied. Thb Governor said that road Boards would not act, and there was no responsibility upon them. \- Col. Bkoce, as Chairman of the immigration Committee, handed in the report. He observed that the remarks therein contained bad all received mature consideration.. Immigration should be carefully Attended to, with a vie w to a proper class of people being introduced ; he thought that the sug gestions of the committee would be favourably received. Mb. Bbockkah said that a good class of work men were much .required, and the colony could absorb a large number. Mb. Steers was of opinion that the number asked for by the committee was too small. The labour market for female servants was now quite bare, and nad been so for some time past. . Thb SuBVEtoB Gehbbai. was of opinion that tbe report was too much in favour ot introducing a class of immigrants that it was not desirable to receive ; small capitalists — men bent on settlement, were required. It had been suggested to locate immigrants on small blocks of land, on landing, but that was not practicable ; beside^ we Land Hegulations placed it in their power to obtain land under tillage, with more desirable security to them selves, for £5 per year, for every hundred acres, ?with right of purchase. Thb Colonial Sbcbbtabt could aot see the difficulty in locating any number of immigrants in the colony. Where was all the pastoral land that was locked up in Class A and B, al tbe North and elsewi,ere? Mb. Habdef wonld like to see some restriction on immigrants coming to tbe colony. They should be compelled to remain in it a certain period ; now, this colony was simply a stepping-stone to people going from England to the other Colonies. The Governor observed that this uonld not be done by the Home Government, seeing this was a Crown Colony ; besides it wonld be depriving the subject of his liberty. He thought the report was most penect, and would guard against introducing immi grants more frequently than was necessary. Mb. Phillips felt rather disappointed at the small number now asked for. Labour was at pre sent very scarce, except that of tbe vagabond class, which was worse than nothing. Thb Colonial Tbrasdbbb saw tbe creat objec tion to the introduction of immigrants in too large numbers. In tbe Home, having no eiDplojinent, they became disgusted, and formed a very unfavour able impression. of the Colony on the minds of their friends in England. He wonld even recommend| that the nnmber now asked ior be sent in three instead of two ships, so as nicely to regulate the la bour market. It would be improper, too, even looking at the demoralizing influence, to introduce a larger number, of immigrants, and more rapidly than they could be absorbed, resulting in their be ing detained in the Home and becoming a burden to the Colony. There was a large nnmber of a certain class of men in the colony who were gt»ol labourers, and he would be thelast to see them shut out. The Governor said that he quite concurred with the Treasurer ; there were now two batches of immigrants on their way from England, which how ever would not affect the recommendation of the Board. It was very satisfactory now to see that the important question of immigration was now fairly before tbe Secretary of State. Bills from 9 to 10 were read a third time and passed without any alteration. The Quarantine Bid was lead a second time. Considerable discussion arose npon its being read, but resulted generally in the suggestions for alter ations by the Committee. Third reading of tbe Bill appointed for Friday, the 7th inst. The Governor said that the next business for the Council's consideration was the passing of the Estimates, &c-;, which he would propose to begin with on tbe following day. There would be the Bill for supplementing the Governors Salary for the thud reading, and he felt much pleasure, although it could not in any way -benefit himself pecuniarily, to see it introduced. Be would have much pleasure, then, in drawing hon. member's attention to information which would be read and | explained in detail by the Treasurer, compiled by ' his own directions, with reference to the Colony's financial position. Although the Bill would pass now, it would not take effect until the following year, notwithstanding there would be a large sur plus, particularly anticipated from the sale of land now held under lease. He was happy to say that tbeCnest was in a good condition. There was now a surplos of .£21,000. Allegations had gone forth, totally untruthful, that he (the Governor) was going to expend any available money before he , relinquished his administration. When he arrived [ in the Colony in 1862, ha lound it in debt, and : was obliged to borrow money to carry on the j Government; in 1663 there was a surplus to ! the credit of the Colony of £600, after paying off j all liabilities. The balance in hand just spoken ! of was not. as was commonly said, locked up in j die Chest, bnt was fixed at interest in the Bank, j and was therefore still accumulating. It was not j competent for him in any way to touch that money ; it was alone competent lor that Council to vote for its appropriation. (Applause.) The Council then adjourned till the following day, at 11 o'clock. Tueedai, 4th August. All the members present. The Clerk read the order of the day. The Bill to supplement the Governor's salary was ' read a second time. ' Mr. Phillips opposed the increase to more than £500. | After long diswurion, the vote was put, which ; resultedinfevorot tbe BilL live against six fi» the j Bill; Mr. Carr, the only unofficial member, voting in favor. The Bill to confirm the over-drafts for the past year, after careful scrutiny by onofficiaf members, and faJl^Ta*rtationty*'tho Colonial -Secretary, -was read a-second time. ' - ' -. ? ' Mr. StSer* proposed that in future the orer- drafts, without the sanction of .the Legislative Council, should not exceed £5,000 on the total amount appro priated in any one year. The Colonial Secretary and the Colonial Treasurer explained the difficulty of constantly calling the Legislative Council together to consider expenditure above that voted. The Governor did not see any objection to the motion. On being put to the vote, there was no dissent. The Appropriation Bill was then proceeded with. There was dissent on the part of Messrs. Hardey, Carr, Bateman, Steere, Brockman. and Phillips, as to the increase of salary to Assistant Surveyors. The matter was referred to a committee for report. The Council then adjourned till the following morning. ZS3S' A more detailed report of this day's proceedings will appear in our next.] 