BIG RIVER. (FROM OUR OWN CORRESPONDENT.). Hard times are very much complainedof here, but the hardness of times is oily a, coamptrative quality. It is devilish hard with Sttul),wihen. he cannot have his box'Ii tle Oipera i;'Jdkintus tlhii cs it" d osid"' hlard that? he can't have a hansome to the Derby -this. year;. Jones is of opinion that it is rather hard that he can't afford his usual half price' to the pit of the Adelphi orLyceum ;. Cats-. meat says " it's sanguinary hard that a cove can't have a spud with his bit of meat;" while Paddy idooney thinks it "purty tidy times whin he can get a bit of mate wid his spuds;" and Biddy that they are "illigent., times intirely whin she can have her , tay by the quarther of a, pound." However they say the times are hard up here,. ;and ?what every one says is" bound to be believed or" accepted as true. Certainly it is a bad sign. to be bored for the " few shillings you owe me," and not to have them to, pay, or to be; pressingly requested to settle that ".little account which is so long due." (It is strange;: that the diminutive is always applied to ano counts, let them 'be ever so long, or so long 'due). Such signs are common of late, so I. suppose the times arn at least not so soft or pliable on the Big River. But, though I have heard it periodically condemned as " cooked," " worked out," &c.;, I find not only the old identities sticking to it, but new identities satisfied with their prospects. Cer tainly its weakness does not consist in "pile" making, but it seems to be a sure and lasting " tucker" diggings, occasionally yielding in, a more generotis manner-for instance, one., small paddock not more than three feet deep paid over 20 oz last week to four men; this? was at the head of Fry's Creek. This is far from an average yield, but I hear of odd. strokes of'luck of a similar nature. Not un fiequently the ground is in fact very patchy.. If the race commenced, and carried to a con siderable length (lown the river,. by the late MIr Newman and party, were continmued to, Fry's Creek, and further down the river, it would undoubtedly prove a most remunera tive investment, as there are numerous spurs which would pay well if sluicing on an ade quate scale was applied to them. Many indications of a rich reef have been found near the head of the creek, but no reef has yet been discovered thereo. Hlowever, a party is now out prospemcting further over Ihe range, and near where the old Surprise lease was situated. Some very gooU specimens have been picked up on e 'surface. As the men of the party are experienced and persevering they have a good chance of success. The Railway Company have not had a crushing yet. As they are modest in their expectations they are not liable to a crush ing (no pun meant) disappointment. I have heard nothing of, the Luck's-all lately, and the Hope on Hope Ever is completely drenched out. Enoch's Point is in astate, I understand, of commercial repose, an ominous calm which often precedes a storm, when our little accounts get courted if a gentle pres sure be unsuccessful. One of our commercial magnates in that village has met with a severe. though I hope not, a serious, accident to his foot, which has confined him to his house for some time; but an accident of a far more serious and inconvenient nature occurred to a miner named James Milne, who had *his. leg- broken;-by falling off-a log in a-esaw pit. Dr Nash had to be brought from Wood's Point, and as he required the modest fee of £20, and as the man was poor the hat had to go round, and as is ever the case with miners the necessary amount was soon collected. The poor fel low had to be carried to Wood's Point, a serious job, as the formidable Mfia-mia frill intervened. This is another lesson to the miners that rainy days should be pro. vided for-it is. bad policy to put off buy ing an umbrella until you get wet to the skin going out to procure one. As to the pastoral and agricultural. pros pects of the. Big River, I cannot say a great deal, as they are in their infancy, and cannot crow much yet. One Big River station can boast of but a poor crop of dilapidated sheep, and the bones of defunct t lambs. Oertainly the appearance of the woolly animals is not such as to induce a desire for mutton. Of the agricultural at present I cannot say a great deal, but of its future there is great promise. A few allotments which have been taken up and purchased lately are being improved' rapidly a -of these I may mention Mrs Newman's at d ''the florse Bridge, and Mr James Nicholas', a mile and a quarter nearer Darlingford. it His miniature estate consists .of seven acres, n two and half of which are under cultivation, V and are well cropped with all varieties of e growth, from an oat to an artichoke, and he has a good number of fruit trees, as abundant in their produotiveness as in the quality of r the fruit. especially the peaches when in season. He has a nursery of splendid young n grafted trees and the nucleus of a vineyard What with his garden, his cows, and his pigs, he is quite a model farmer on a small scale. Further down there is Mr Wood's paddocks, d garden, &c.;, andt a most accommodating g bridge, fit for horse tranfic, erected at his h own expense, but from which I fear he has derived little or: no benefit. Further down f, is Taylor's, well known to travellers, who b were never allowed to pass without tasting 81 the snowy produce of his dairy, or saying " I r was anhungered you fed me not." Below' Taylor's is Gilbert's, whether purchased or otherwise I wet not, but I know there is a considerable portion of land fenced and under cultivation, That many a promising lat - will speedily be purchased on this portion of the river I am assured. It would be worth becoming possessor of even a few feet if only for the sake of the parish name-what. im mense effect Lodge Park would have on the left hand'cornerof an enamelled card, leaving of course the parish to be understood. The weather until a few days ago has been truly enjoyable, now it is as equally abocinable hail, wind, rain, mu.l, out of doors; smoke 1 (chimney) indoors, with an occasional wink of the sun to tease one. We did not see the eclipse. Did you see the meteor ? If so, enlighten us more than the meteor did as to its little heavenly proclivities. A" American paper sayrs- Wanted at this ofmce I an editor who can please everybody. Also a fore man who can so arrange the paper as to allow every man's advertisement to lhead the column. A Paisley manufacturer. who,, by accident, got a cut acnoross the nose, having no court-plaster at hand, stuck on his unfortunate proboscis one of hlis ·gum tickets, on wllich was the usuol information "' Warranted 850 yards long." Iw describing a new organ, a country'editor says, ,?Tho swell died away irn delicious auflcation, like one singing a sweet song under the bed-clothes." A gentleman long famous for the eptitude of hIis puns, observing aviolent fracas in front of a gin shop, facetiously termed it thle battle 'f A-gin court. "Ma, said a little girl to her motrher, "do thle men want to get married as much as the woman do" ' "Psbaw I what aire yeou talking about ?"--"Why, ma, the ladies wlho come hIere are always talking about gettlag married s the meu dun't." "IJ you had avoided rum," said a New York rnm seller to a customer, "you could now ride in your carriage."-"And if you had never sold rum," said the bacchanal, "you would have been my driver." VO"Look here, my boy," said a nervous gentleman to an urchin who was munching sugar-candy at a leo ture, "you are annoying me very much,"--"No, I ain't, neither," a id the urchin ; "I'm a-gnawing this 'ere candy." Two gentlemen were recently standing on the deok of a steamer bound from Liverpool to New York, engaged in an earnest conversation, when the wind' su Idenly lifted the cap from tile head of oneot them and sent it ridling on the crest of a, "wild wave." "There !" exclaimed the other, as the owner made a futile grab at his property, "you can't go into business now,"-"Why so ?" asked the gentleman, 'Because you have no cap at all," replied the other. A hostler was sent to the stable to bring out a travellers horse, but not knowing which of the two strange horses in the stalls belonged to the traveller, and wishing to avoid the appearance of ignorance in his business, he saddled both alnikles, and brought them to the door. The traveller pointed out his own horse, saving, "That's my nag"-"Coertafnly, yer honor, I know th/at very well, said the hostler "but I didn't know which was the other gentleman's.'" Aw "UsuseProIous NArTuts."-During the cross. exaiTiiii i f!oiileowins athe Tombs, thvotIor day, the district attorney asked him where his father was, to which the witness, with a melancholy air, responded, " Dead, sirj; dropped of very suddenly, sir."-" How came lie to drop off suddenly ?" was thie next question,-" Foul play, sir ; the sherifl im. posed on his unsuspicious nature. sir, and, getting him to go on a platform to look at a select audience, suddenly knocked a trap-door out from under him ' sir,"-New Yorh Paper. A woman wishing to test her husband's feelings towards her, had it given out, when he was com ing home from a journey, that she was dead, to see how he would act. He took the matter very coolly ; whereupon she appeared to him as the ghost of herself, at which he seemed not at all dis mayed ; at length, disclosing herself to him, he then appeared alarmed, A person by said, " Why, sir, you seem more afraid now than before l"-"Ay." replied lie, "most men are more afraid of a living wife than a dead one." CALIFOIRNIAN STYTLH.-Not long since, a German was riding along Sansome-stroet, near Sacramento, when he heard a pistol-shot behind him, and then the whizzingof a shball near him, and felt his hat shake. IIo turned and saw a man with a revolver in his hand, and took off his luat and found a bul let hole in it. "Did you shoot at me ?" asked the German.-" Yes," replied the other party : " That's my horse ; it was stolen from me recently." " You must be mistaken," said the German; " I have owned the horse for three years."-" Well,' said ,the other, "when I come to look at him, I believe I am mistaken- Excuse me, air ; won't you take a drink ?" A CONTeeTED WIFB.--Here is a letter from a wife in India to her husband in California. It is a cheerful epistle and shows that sihe looks on the sunny side :--" My dear [Iusbnnd,-As it is now some time since you left for California, I sup pose you would be glad to hear how we are getting on in your absence. I am happy to say we are all enjoying good health on the whole, Just at present two of th!atfloys iave got the small-pox. Amanda Jane has got the typts[i'?-?ovar:. Betsy is on her back with the measles. Samuel gbt'fossed..h.by. cow, the other day, and little Peter has just chop ped off three of his fingers with a hatchet. It is a mercy lie did'nt chop them all off. With these : trifling exceptionse, we are all well and getting on nicely. You need'nt be at all anxious about us. I almost forgot to any that Sarah Matilda eloped la-t week with a pedler. Poor girl I She's been waiting for a chance, and I'm glad she's married at last. She needn't have taken the trouble to elope, though ; for I'm suro I was glad enough to let her go. She was agreat eater ; and I find hot rolls don't go off near as fast as they did. The way that girl would piton into pork and greens was a caution to the rest of the family. The cow took it into her head to run away, which was very fortunate, I am sure, for the barn caught fire last night and was consumed. I was in hopes the house would go too, for it's very inconvenient; but the wind was the wrong way, so it didn't receive much injury. Somen boys broke into the orchard the other day and stripped all the fruit trees. I am very glad of it, for it they hadn't I pres'mo the children would have made themselves ill." 