A SUNDAY MORNING STKOLL. Bv Peter Tosbum. I u Sham, you Btand up, and kneel down, and make bows, papa, at the church you're going to f' in quired my little girl a few Sundays ago. I was puzzled how to answer, for I was not going to church. Ihe autumn sunlight was pouring itself abroad so warmly, and yet so softly, that I had been tempted to play ecclesiastical truant. I was going eut to see how London looked to non- churchgoers on Sunday morning. Highgate Hill rose almost bare behind me ; the Italian tower of the new Catholic schools gleaming doubly white against the dusky foliage which embowers the plea sant grounds and warehouse-like chapel of St. Joseph's Retreat. On Whittington's stone sat an unwashed labourer, kicking his unlaced boots against it, and thirstily eyeing the finger-rubbed doors of the closed public opposite. About the Archway Tavern, and its rival tu a «i it crewned with its glowing golden lion, other loungers were clustered, wearying already for the far-off stroke of one. A few were having their boots polished by the shoeblacks, as the only diversion at present open to them. The omnibus- Btand was empty. Not a single passenger blackened the stiff white line of the Archway Road ; the grey smoke of itB fringing brickfields wreathed drow sily above it ; and the double-tiered arch way stretched across, like the fragment of a Roman aqueduct. No horses dipped their noses in the watertrough of the old-fashioned Mother Redcap — the old inn where Pepys, as he tells us in his ' Diary,' stopped to drink, but whose green old garden has just been cut up into prim white rows of modern houses. The quaintly capped old lady, perched in stone upon her hostelry seemed Bound asleep ; gently swaying on the creaking sign outside, with a face as red as her head-gear, she looked half ashamed of tantali sing passers-by with mere painted ' cakes and ale.' In the tree shaded little front garden of a moulder ing mansion turned into a factory, on the other side of the way, a rusty boiler winked in the sunlight that filtered down upon it, as if chuckling over its green lazy rest, and hoping that it . might be long unbroken. The green trees, shedding sow ana then a golden leaf, rustled cheerfully around St. Johnts. The red covers and white leaves of the jury list, hung upon its door, were also rippled by the wind — to the annoyance of a shsrt ratepayer, standing on tip-toe, who was anxiously exploring the , fluttered pages to discover whether he might not have been by some lucky oversight exempted from liability to imprisonment in the box. A bronze-faced giant of a navvy, fresh washed and shaven in aeon white jumper, green corduroys, blue stockings, and , boots newly blacked, sedately sauntered past, with a gaily dressed little maiden banging on her father's big, rough, brown finger like a toy ship in tow of a clay barge. ' What's he lookin' at, father?' she asked. ' O w, cat'logue o' a sale, or summut o' that,' was the not very definite or trustworthy information she received in reply. Where the new railway runs underneath the Holloway Road two other navvies, in week-day dress and faces, were sleepily contemplating their completed handiwork. It was odd to note how little pride there was in their look. Most men have a tendency to prenounce their ? ? j . but w hen men work in gangs, however important may be the product of their toil, 1 suppose the feeling of personal pride in the work iB lost, anil they regard it much as a polype regards the coral-reef it has infini tcsiuially helped to rear. A little farther on a seedy old man/ who, in spite of the publics' closed doors, hud already obtained more drink than his weak head could bear, was staggeringly gesticulating in the roadway, and incoherently advocating Sab bath observance. Ihe object of his objurgations was a meek, silent lame man, whom a coffeehouse keeper had allowed to pitch a stall of fruit and ginger-beer beside his door. The alcoholic Sab batarian apparently had run foul of this Btall, and thence cannoned off the pavement into the road. 'An' ye-ye-yew ke-ke;call yershelf a cnwfee ehtller! he ironically exclaimed. 'I'll shum monE.h ye — be-be-blowed if I don't shum I tAn ? J1 _l ? V M4u«ieu j c . am V vo oawBuicu u ycraucll r Why, ye're worsh than a ke- coetermonger ! A coetermonger on't shell o' a Sunday. ' No/ shays be, 'if I can't ke-ke keep myshelf a-working' o shix dayeh, I don't care — I'll be a een'l'm'n o' Shun daysh.' T/tot't what ke-cawshtermonger shavs, ke I cawfee- sbeller! An' you' re a-breakin' this 'ere be-be-bleshed Sabbath !' The old man's praise of costermongers met with an ungrateful requital. He startled a skittish, un harnessed donkey, which a member of the guild was driving along the road. The donkey shied, turned tail, and, dodging his master's stick, trotted tranquilly up the hill. As his master sulkily started in pursuit, the greeting that he bestowed upon the lecturer proved that, whatever may be their views on the Sabbath question, coBtemongers, on Sundays as on other days, have a very copious command of exceed ingly strong language. Two shirtless little ragamuf fins, from some Clerkenwell court, mulatto-brown with an exogenoas bark of six months' dirt, bound for a country walk— the best way, surely, in which tiicy could keep the Sabbath— grinned with great gusto when they beheld the retreating moke. ' Let's cut along, Jim, and kitch 'old o' his tail,' cried one, ' 'e'll 'elp us hup 'igbgate 'ill.' Two sunny reaches of solitary pavement, with houses on each side as sunnily silent as if sound asleep in the brightness of a Polar midsummer mid night, stretched oefore me when the homy feet of the gamint ceased to. patter on the flagstones; but pre sently I came upon a knot of undersized, pallid, shallo wly-knowing-looking bearers of muffled pigeons, who had stopped to chat with a tired bird-catcher trudging town wards with pole-alung canvas pack, which seemed to oppresB him like Christian's burden. Why do bird-catcnens alwayB look so weary of ex istence r Does their conscience trouble them? It certainly does seem a great shame to lead linnets into Mntmtr in Ahad o*- A lSa«Bn mi. _ crossing sweepers, mole and female, old and young, moped with chins rested on their broom handles ; by no means ' blessing the blue sky that had diminished their changes of coppers. Mecha nically they curtsied or pulled their marsh- colt-like forelocks as I went by, but only one ventured to pursue me with the wonted persistency of their trade. I his was a youngster who, seeing me coming, rushed on a-head to disturb the dust which was scarcely Isid after his lut sweeping. Energetically he plied the broom ; like a deerhound he hung on to me; and, when at last chakea off, departed growling as one grievously wronged in not having been rewarded for half stifling me. Presently an omnibus languidly lumbered past; the still only half-awake driver noading on the box, and the con ductor stretched on the cushions inside, and yawning like a ' prematurely coffined man who has recovered consciousness in iit hcaxst. Then cane another omnibus, a littlt ' more briskly driven by a smarter driver, in a white waistcoat and a cut-away black coat with a yellow dahlia in the buttonhole ; a knVwing 'jarvie, wno had exchanged criticisms, half laudatory, half satirical, with the one passenger seated beside him, — a 'Bun- day swell ' smekine a cabbage-leaf cheroot, — on the pretty servant girl who had just issued from a side-street for her ' Sunday out.' She had ap parently hurried along the .side-street to get out of 'eye-shot of her, of course, enviously sneering mis tress ; but when she reached the main roaa, and noted the attention she at once attracted, she sailed along in simpering satisfaction, Her ror „ checks might have been smudged black lead yesterday, but to-dav -ri,e could figure as ' a lady.' CSoquettiahly ^he tossed her wen-like chignon, crowned wit.h a three-inch square of tulle, and tailed with yard-long streamers of lace bordered blonde ; at the opposite angle to her heed's, the h(ld her gay parasol between her thumb and finger ; her silk mantle shimmered, her white garibaldi gleamed, ber gill waist-buckle flashed in the mr, light ; now, like a riding habit, she gathered up her muslin skirt, and now, as she mincea along, sne let it trail behind her like a comet's train. It was Kcmtbow a funny spectacle, and yet, after all, why should not a girl dress smartly simply because she is a servant girt ? There are no sumptuary laws in England now, and who can debne what is the 'proper dress' for any 'station?': If it could be defined, would Bot a good many mistresses be proved to be as guilty as their maids ? And as to i ' dressing beyond one's means,' can the mistress w ho ' runs a bill' at her milliner's or mantuamaker's, which must be cooked to pass muster at the marital audit, cast a stone at her servant who, as a rule, pays ready money for her bravery. She I may be very silly to spend bo much upon it, but at any rate there is no worrying ?' tick ' in her fine feathers. At the worst, she has only waBted wages which she had honestly earned. Presently my maiden hailed a cab. The waterman, who had been nodding over bis buckets with drooped head and bent legs, very much like those of the fagged, broken kneed hacks to which he ministered, when at last he perceived the impatiently waved parasol, was about to bring a four-wheeler. He had half awoke the bundle of purple nose, battered hat, inuddy boots, gr- ssy cape, and huddled legs and arms, heaped in snoring slumber on the sunny box, but the fair fare, w ho wanted something faster in every sense than that, tripped lightly acrosB the road, and as airily Bkipped into a Hansom. Daintily she closed the apron-llapB with glove-tips a good deal whiter doubtless than the fingers they covered, gave her orders through the trap at one to whom cab-hiring was a thing of everyday occurrence, and bowled awav to , the enjoyment of her holiday, murmuring blessings very probably on ' thiB 'ere hemigration,' which threatens soon to reverse tbe old positions of the motVer-country and the colonies with regard to Abigails. If things in this respect go on much longer aa they are going at present, we shall have some colonial ilisB Rye inflaming the imaginations of colonial slaveys with accounts of the high wages and the holidays they might get in London, and opening ./{emigration offices in Melbourne and Syd ney to supply the metropolis with servants. A goods' train was panting and rumbling over the Great Northern, ss I 'passed under it : the engine, like some meditative old human smoker, waiting for each puff of vapour to vanish before it gave another, and the guard, who evidently did not enjoy Ait' Sunday out,' leaning over ihe door of his van with as sullen an impatience as that with which a truckful of brown bullocks peered between their bars. A dusty tramp, bound northward, bearing his boots tied with his bundle on his back, stopped to drink at the fountain under the railway; first ruefully eyeing the announcement with which die station hoardings were placarded, 'To Doncaster and back, 12s. 6d.' When the goods' train was gone, the shaded archway wa% so silent that it was difficult to believe, that three days afterwards hundreds of cockney sporting men would be thunder ing over it to the ' SeUinger.' In the Liverpool Road I saw four cattle-drovers mutely playing pitch and toss in front of the Rinder pest-ravaged dairy, whose 'range of broad roofs sprawled silent as those of a deserted dockyard ; two whispering pairs of lovers; a little boy and a little girl slipping in by different doors to the Sunday school under the Wesley&n; Chapel; a drowsy old man reading, as in a dream, the posters on the Agri cultural Hall and the high, broad dead wall that flanks it ; and two tract-distributors, of the male sex, but, I fear, cowardly disposition (or surely they would not have selected so sparsely-populated a beat, and have thought it necessary to patrol it in couple) ten dering small pamphlets to the very few people they encountered, like cheap tailors' touts who had not yet got their pluck and push up for the business. Those were all I saw antu I reached the point where the Liverpool road coalesces with the Clerkenwell High street. Bustle set in there; curving round into Chapel- street. Fruit and vegetables were being bought from shop aad stall ; ' 3uybuybuybuy what-d'ye buy r' chanted the red-faced, blue-bleused butcher, like a monotonous bird, as he sharpened his knife upon his steel ; and omnibuses and passengers and loafers, as usual, con^lsgated thickly about the Angel from the various thoroughfares which there converge. In merry peal, as if cherubim were rushing out from school to an unexpected whole holiday; in slow, heavy clank, like that of a tired blacksmith ; in fret ful tink-atink, like that of an iron tod rattled in a cracked tinkettle, the church bells bad begun to sound, when I crossed into G os well Road: bearers of Bibles, prayer books and bytnn-books leavened the throng of secular passen gers with purple morocco and gilt - edges, and brushed with sidelong censoriousness, past the recent razees — still slovenly, save for their pork-white, blue stippled chins — who issued from the ' easy shaving shops,' yawning in their shirt-Eleeves, and the hobby dehoy purchasers of penny Pickwicks, who clustered about the cheap tobacconists, buttressed with Sunday paper boards black lined with bloated capitals. In Aldersgate-street I was accosted by a blandly and yet1 somewhat anxiously smiling foreigner in the following concise but not very comprehensible terms — 'vood, breeje, strait.' I thought that it was Dutch, and replied that I did not speak it. Again he painfully enun ciated, ' vood. breeje, strait, with more deliberate emphasis on each, especially the last syllable, even ihan before. Again I shook my head, and again, still Emiling but in s tone of a man who thinks lie is being trifled with, he slowly uttered, ' vood, breeje, strait.' At last it Occurred to me that he had been invited to spend his Sunday with a friend in Wood bridge-street, and was enquiring his way to it; but where Woodbridge-Btreet might be, I could not tell, unless, indeed, he meant Woodbridge in Suffolk. He evidently had exhausted his English ; and my continental conversational powers sre limited to an asthmatic utterance of the peculiar linguistic hotchpotch indulged in by English men who 'read French, vou know, with enjoyment,' but certainly cannot speak it with the same. ' Parte z — policemen — serjtnt de viUt, you know — oui, out — he'll show you — comprentz r — all right — bon jour, m'tievr.' Such were my lucid directions to the bewildered alien, but he was still bewildered, and I was obliged to leave him, still- repeating ' Vood breeje-strait,' like the first line of a piece of poetry of which the rest has been forgotten. It was with satis faction that I -observed, when I turned my head, that a policeman had got him in tow, since his albert chain and perplexity had attracted the attention of a pack of the hang-dog looking young fellows who lurk' at the mouths of London Courts like obscene beasts of prey. Out of a court on my left rushed a slatternly woman in breathless haste ; she sped along the sunny pavement, as if an Avenger of Blood was after her, for a ysrd or two ; then turned sharp as on a pivot, dived into another court and vanished like a rat. The demure churchgoers started as she dashed past tnem. now was tne going to spend the next hour or two — in Divine or Devil's service r In the yard of the Post Office a pile of empty mail boxes basked in the Sunday sunlight, and seemed to enjoy it, after confinement in hold aud cellar, like paupers let out for the Sunday. Against the blue sky St. Paul's dome shimmered in grey and purple, and over it high up above the hushed city, gleamed the golden globe and cross. The flashing cross seetoed to symbolise a peaceful triumph completed ; but almost within its shadow was the warren of courts in which the fugitive woman was doubling, and presently I passed blind, black, fetter-hung Newgate Prison scowling at the calm brightness that mocked its murky gloom. No greasy grove of beef and mutton drooped in the quiet avenues of Newgate market, and the other adits to Paternoster Row were as silent and shaded as its dry ditchlike self. Chirp ing, hopping sparrows had taken the place of merry yellow-legged schoolboys playing leap-frog, with blue skirts tucked up behind in ' bustle '-like bundles, in the bsse yard of Christ's Hospital. St. Sepulchre's bell, as I passed, was giving its last tolls, —pausing every now and then, as if it had finished, and then breaMng out again, as if it could not a yet make np its irresolute mind to give over, — -and a troop of charity chil dren were hurriedly filingin, severely inspected by the beadle ai Jftte comers. The inchoate new buildings in £mithfield and the chsi'ic wast:- around rose and spread hushed in eunnv ctim ; but though the ear had rest, the eye ached -writ Wield the attiring placards on the hoardings, 't hen closed, it still retained the image of the Vr^,'tn that announced the 100,000 copies sold by r^,e n,.w the titles of the novels f 1 'Iv- *-*Bd the 'Best Authors and Best Artists' ot a tniri^ vjt(j ^e name of the periodical standing ff'z 8r- though embossed, in the reiterated emphasis 01 Vol i ah type. St. Bartholomew's looked in winking. *-onderment upon the scene, as if speculating as to whether it must not provide a special brain-fever ward for readers and, surely, almost equally nume rous writers, now that the benefit of clergy was so widely spread. By way of Long-lane I rambled on into Charter house-Fquare, and there I found more old buildings, marvelling at tbe fastness of these modern days. No trains were puffing along the Metropolitan Rail way, and the brief interval of silence seemed to recal to the grave, clerical-looking old brick houses the time, gone for ever, in which they could nod to one another acrosg their green, tree shaded quadrangle, in sociable somnolence and un broken peace. The time before the iron monster had knocked daylight into them, sweeping off their com rades at the bottom like a hurricane, perking its vulgar station up beneath their 'very noses to pry at them through its translucent'roof, and substituting for the slim old' iron gates that used to guard their seclu sion, high- shouldered wooden things, painted light drab, and towering between two dreary reaches of draughty railway, instead of being snugly hemmed in by smokily slumberous old dwelling-houses. The gray buildings of the Charter-house, and its frag ment of gray and black boundary-wall, chequered like a chess-board, looked with milder, more resigned reproach upon the raw gash the railway has lxade in their neighbourhood. They are accustomed to that kind of thing. The trees in their Square's Garden, its old houses of mellowed brick, are modem interlopers in their estimation. 1 found myself once more in Goswell-street, ia front of a dancing-school ; at leas^, that seemed to be the weekday vocation of the place, but now it bore a bill invi'ing 'all' to attend the preaching that was going on inside. A depressed-looking woman entered, and I followed her along a narrow passage into a long narrow room. Very few of the All had accepted the invitation. An old man or two, and about a dozen women and girls were clustered at the top of the room, where a little man in seedy black, standing behind a pulpit like an auc tioneer's desk, was giving out a hvmn. The mild little minister looked like a City Missionary : all his congregation had fagged faces and faded dresses. They were not ragged or dirty, but they fancied themselves not smart enough to go to church and not rich enough to go to chapel, where the chances were that there would be a ' collection.' Of course, they need not have put anything in the plate, . but people of their class — the ' decent poor ' — have pride about them still, and do not like to advertise their poverty. They appeared to be anticipating an hour's rest and breathing-room, and pious talk about an other world to solace their hearts thoroughly weary of this, as their only treat after a week of never -ending toil in lonely garret or cramped, crowded court. 1 waited to hear them ting their little hymn, and there was something very pathetic in its thin, uncertain melody. The feeble pilgrims were faintly rejoicing over another oasis gained in the dreary desert of their life : it waB soothing in itself, and they were a Sunday nearer to their journey's end. Outside the house in Aldersgate-street which, in Macaulay's words, ' may still be easily known by pilasters and wreaths, the graceful work of Inigo,' leaned another announce ment of ' special services ' within. The ' wise Ahithophel,' with all his profligacy, personal and political, could favour Puritanism when it suited his purpose, but natheless it seesiB queer that Shaftesbury House should have been converted into a con venticle. Through the labyrinth of streets and lanes that lies to the north of Cheapside — retaining their old nar rowness, but built up to the heavens with modem architecture— I wandered as at the bottom of amazy galleried, deeerted mine. Almost the whole district lay in shade : where sunbeams fell, they had a melancholy look, as if hopelessly cut off from their fellows. I passed one policeman, planted like a statue beside a comer-post ; -rae loitering woman, who seemed to have ceme to keep some tryst there, and hurried by in astonished perturbation when the wrong footfall had made her look up on the lonely pavement she had selected ; and two white-capped and aproned maidens skipping and chatting about a doorstep, and also ap parently in expectation of company, since one ran ever and anon to peep round the nearest corner, and came back blushing and giggling, Pickford's great place, the Manchester, ana other warehouses, towered silent as untrodden mountains. A fanciful eye could see ghosts of departed aldermen looking out from the dim windows of the City Hall. Organ-music, as if in re sponse to the scanty sunlight that gilded them, boomed in drowsy mystery, like still sleepy Memnon strains, from the old city churches. A similar drone issued from St. Margaret's, Loth bury, although the sunlight fell full upon it : sun light in which the verger was basking like a cat, as he dreamily regarded his vis a vis, the blank Bank, guarding its gold like a blind sprawling dragon. Bartholomew-lane was empty, and not a single pas senger crossed between its top and the shuttered shops of the Exchange. Throgmorton-street would have been equally empty, had it not been for an Edmonton omnibus, with no passengers or cotf ducter, which pulled up in apparent purposelessness before a private dosr. What it was doing there why it stopped where it did- (unleSB, indeed, the norses nad gone to sleep) rather than anywhere else — I were riddles which I was obliged to give up as inso luble Sunday enigmas. If Austin Friars had been still a monastery, it could not have been more monastic ; most probably the living representatives of the minia ture stone Augustines, who guard the portal of the chambers just inside the archway, were never be calmed in so dreamy a hush. The organ of the great church seemed to be murmuring in its sleep. A city policeman conversing with a female office-keeper— the only living creatures, except a few flies and three sparrows, I saw within the quaint enclosure — bowed to the getiiut loci, and flirted in gruff whispers. Broad-street was quieter still. Not a human shadow but my own fell upon the pavement. There was 'a look of potential tumult in the 'Railway Terminus at the end, but for the time its turmoil was sealed in trance. When, however, I ? had turned up into Bishopsgate-street,I once more pluo ged into bustle with startling suddenness. The pavements were thronged, and in the absence of the normal number of vehicles, knots of^ loafers clustered in the roadway, brawling, and larking, and chaffing. Two small boys, almost crushed beneath caricatures of beadles' cocked hats, were solemnly parading up and down, at every second step removing their ponderous head gear with a most graceful bow to the general public j a piece of lacetiousness which hugely tickled the fancy of the E&fit;»endere. ' JiBt look at them boys 1 ' grimiiugly exclaimed babe-bearing, child-towing, draggle-tailed, tallow-complexioned matrons, whose wewy faces one might have thought incapable of getting ud the iamteat glimmer of a smile* Even the policemen smiled grimly, and under official protest, at the joke as they etood upon the steps of the station, now and then glancing at the thronged readers of the reward-bills pasted in front, or watch uig with equally professional interest the progress of a dispute between a member of the force and a Jew nut6euer, who, having been bidden to ' move on ' was doing 60 by inches, casting back. Parthian arrows of sarcasm as he went, whilst applauding crowds pressed between him and his menacing pursuer* Meantime, other street fruitsellers were driving a roaring trade, and those melancholy, mildewed speci mens of shabby gentility, the cheap photographers' touts, were shedding their seductive smiles on all and sundry, end almost coming to blows amongst them selves as they cut off probable customers beneath one another's very sample-frames. The Jews are lucky Ceoole? thev can havo if liLa .1 ? 1- \\..tr days in tbe weeks A considerable percentage of tiieir shutters in Hounsditch were up, but some were down in the least-likely places, who are the peculiar people with whom gilt time-pieoes and rhin« chimney ornaments are in irrepressible demand on Sundays ! It was 'high 'change' in the old-clothes mart m Phil s-buil dings, when I went by. The chaffering bag-bearers were packed in the small quadrSngle almost as tightly as pigs on board an Irish packet. A greasy Btream, mingled with floating dust, hung over their tossing heads and pumping firms. They fussed about the choked entrnnce like bees at the mouth of a hive. A crowded-out score or two had swarmed off and established a supplementary bourse in a neighbouring alley. The air and ear were tortured by a jangling jargon of nasal, sibilant ilebrew-Englisb, capriciously aspirated Cockneyese, ?and-Milesisn by no means ' mellifluous,' The press of the fruit market was over, when I reached ' Duke's Place, but all the unglazed fruit stores were still open, and their lack of windows, the nature of thdir wares, the dark eyes, the dusky skins, and the bright dresses of the dealers made the little square and the little lanes that lead into it look like a bit of an oriental town let into eastern London, One ollve complexioned frukeress was measuring out nuts in » skyblue silk dress, gilt, pearl-sown ccmb, stid bracelet with a carbuncle as big and richly red as a ripe plum, A pile of cocoanut* was heaped in front of every store, like a savage waqior'a pyramid of hairy heads. Green, smooth, plump Spanish melons rolled about like magnidcent schoolboys' ' bonsers.' Grapes, green and purple, powdttta with the brown sawdust in which thty were packed, gleamed dimly from kegs, like gunpowder b&nels;, set on end. In Aldgate there was more Jewish bustle : butchers, bearded like Aaron, bran dished their cleavers in the long, low row of open, boothlike shops whose name-boards make one think of a genealogical chapter in the Pentateuch. Both there and in Wbitechapel there, was plenty of Gentile bustle also. Stalls with bruiBed fruit arranged in ha'ptrths stood thick along the kennels. Sherbet sellers threaded tbe throng. Squat old women without boniiets and meagre old men in dingy shirtsleeves hurried along in the direction of 'the Lane,' bear ing tray-loads of fresh fried fish, shrivelled up like overdone pancakes. You might have walked on the heads of the people in Middlesex-street — the narrow Aldgate ending of the Petticoat lane district, as the still nan-ower, ironically- named Widegate-street is its Bishoptgate- street beginning, A lime-dusted brick layer's labourer, bearing in his bosom a bull-terrier with a blteding ear and a half, walked proudly along Whitechapel High-street, followed by a clamorous throng who had just witnessed the canino hero's prowess, and were admiringly escorting him borne. Thousands — a good sprinkling of them, butjeertainly : not the majority, in ' Sunday clothes' — were pouring out towards the MUe End Road and the Victoria Park. Thousands — with the week's, with many weeks', dirt still or, them — were hanging about, not knowing apparently what to do with themselves, ( unless mischief of eou.e kind turned up soon. By way of Commercial- street — whose church, I chapel, music hall, toweriHg warehouses, Peabody [ Buildings, and Jewish Model Lodging Houses, con trast so strangely with the squalid, lowering corners , of Wentworth- street, Flower anii-Dean-street, and other thief- burglar-and- harlot -haunted slums, through which the modem thoroughfare has cut, I made a slant into dismal Hoxton : passing on my road a lot of Spitalfields market-men playing pitch and toss just opposite the porch of Spitaltields Church. The earlier tabernacles were beginning to 'Boale,' but the churches were Btill open, and, therefore, the publics were still shut. Hard by the Rosemary Branch canal bridge, an open-air orator was holding forth to a congregation of nineteen, whilst five friends who had come to support him, sat with drooped heads on a dais behind, as if they did not much relish the publicity of their appearance. I could not make out whether he was a preacher of the Gospel or a Reform-Leaguer, since all of his sermon, or speech, which I had time to wait to hear was this (delivered with clenched fists and in an Athanasian voice of world-defying challenge)*. — 'I don't know I what you may call such men, but I call them — turn- coats I ] 'ou'may call them this, and you may call them that, but I call them — Renegades! Yes, my friends, I repeat it — Renegades ! ! Again I repeat it — RENEGADES !!! ' A coster-monger on the bridge with a sprawling heap of coppers, like a shield's boss, in the midst of his big oblong tray of fruit, encouragingly called out, 'hear, hear!' But the other outsiders paid small heed to the impassioned rhetorician. Two youths were belabouring each other with batons they had formed from posters peeled from the neighbouring hoardings. 'The best firewood out,' satirically ob served a lounging labourer, as he watched the youngetera stripping off and rolling up a fresh supply. Through dismal Hoxton, whose dolefuinesB was only relieved by occasional gushes of unctuous perfumes telling of hot early dinners, (I found my way into the more genteel but almost drearier Canonbury, and so once more into the Holloway Road. Church-goers were stream ing homewards now with their wonted complacent look of consciousness that a duty to respectable society had been performed that a heavy load is once more off their minds. The publics had been crammed with thirsty souls the instant the swing-doors fell back. Flushed maidens, in their ' Sunday best,' — some offended, and some tittering — were issuing from them with high- frothed jugs of ' dinner-beer.' From the even more densely thronged bakehouses issued exultant bearers of steaming meat-pies and plum pies, legs of mutton dropping fatness on the batter puddings in which their tripods were stuck, and loins of pork giving similarly greasy baptism to brown potatoes. Ihe general impression left upon my mind by my walk was this — that if going to church iB sometimes a not very lively mode of spending Sunday morning in London^ fioi going to church must be far more dreary to the vast majority -of the myriads of Londoners who don't go. 