COUNTRY NEWS. [From our Country Correspondents.] BLANCHETOWN, FEBRUARY 25. The Prince Alfred arrived on Tuesday from Milang, and proceeded the following day for Wentworth, taking from this place 17 tons pro- <*> duce. Owing to an enterprising Adelaide firm offering to cart goods to TffaTiTmm for 30s. per ton, this steamer in future intends running to that port. It is a pity we cannot get some one to give our port a moment's consideration, as X am sure were an enterprising firm to do so, they would at once see that a successful and paying competition could be easily carried on against the lower ports. If2ss.pertonpaystocart from Adelaide to Mil?iig - surely it ought to pay from Freeling here, the distance between the respective places being equal.—The difference between 255. and 555. is such a barrier that I am afraid, unless altered, we shall again see next season little of Adelaide goods this way, despite our natural shipping facilities. It is to be sincerely hoped that some practical man will take the matter up before the com mencement of another season.—The Bend Bun had a narrow escape from fire last week. Our trooper whilst out on duty saw smoke rising, and gradually increasing some two miles from the boundary fence. On going up to it. he found a space of about half an acre on fire; with great and praiseworthy exertion he battled with the fiery element, and after several hours great exertion he managed to gain the upper hand, and eventually to extin guish it. Had it not been discovered at the time it was, there is not a question of a doubt but that a great portion of the run would nave been burnt, and doubtless many sheep, 15,000 having just been placed in this paddock over land from Victoria.—Another Galatea man has been apprehended in our neighborhood. He leaves for town to-day.—River very low. and still receding a little.—Weather beautiful and fine, which together with the luxuriant grass on the low flats, make our scenery delightful. HrLTON", Febrtjaby 24. On Monday last the first half-yearly meeting of the Hilton Band of Hope was held in the Baptist Chapel, Hilton. The chair was filled by Mr. G. C. Knight, the President. The Chairman, in the absence of Mr. Goodliffer, gave in the Treasurer's report, which showed a balance of 21s. in hand after all claims bad been paid. He then addressed the meeting at some length upon the danger of the young taking little drops, remarking that he believed the greatest drunkards that ever lived were at first little drop drinkers. He stated that the Committee were using their best endeavors to procure a library for the use of the members, and hoped that the friends would help them. The Bey. J. Price, of Alberton, then gave a very interesting and highly instructive address on " The Power of Habit," which was listened to with marked attention, and the loud applause on his resuming his seat showed plainly that it was appreciated by all. A few remarks from the President brought to a close a very pleasing meeting. A collection was made on behalf of the funds of the Band of Hope. KANGABILLA, Febbttaby 24. A few nights back the stables of Mr. John Thorpe were discovered to be on fire. As it occurred at a time when most f oiks are in bed, between 12 and 1 o'clock, it would seem that it could not be an accident, although I have not heard than any suspicion is attached to any one in particular. Mr. Thorpe, together with a lodger, pot wishing to alarm his neighbors, suc ceeded in prevnnting the spread of the flames beyond the spot where they originated. Mr. Dawes offers a reward of £10 for the discovery of the person who stole bis sheep from the slaughterhouse some time back. It seems a pity that any one should make a thief of himself to steal mutton, seeing how much can be procured for a little money.—The long-talked-of Local Court at Clarendon is at last a reality, as the first sitting is to take place on the 24th inst, which will be a great convenience to the public living in this locality, as previously we have bad to go a distance of some 14 or 15 miles to obtain redress for our grievances. LYNDOCH VALLEY. On Sunday, the 23rd insfc, services were held in Trinity Church, Lyndoch, on behalf of the Bepair Fund. Two very earnest and impressive sermons were preached by the Bey. H. Bead, M.A., to large congregations, andthe collections amounted.to something over £6. We may men tion that since the Bey. Mr. Bead has taken up bis residence here, the internal fittings of the Church have been greatly improved, the walls have been plastered, and alto gether the inside appearance of the Church has become neat and orderly. On the following Monday an entertainment was given in aid of the same fund in Cranston's large room, which was well filled. The Bey. H. Bead, M.A., pre sided, and expressed the pleasure he felt at meeting so many friends, and assured them the promoters of thd entertainment had spared no pains to make it a success. The programme was a varied one, and consisted of sing ing and music, as well as recitations, scenes, 4c Mrs. Bead, Misses Shakes peare and Cranston contributed very largely to the enjoyment of the evening, by their excellently chosen songs and solos. Amongst the most successful pieces were "Excelsior" and "Mary of ArgyLe"—the former by Mrs. Bead, and the last by Miss Shakespeare. A duet between Miss Shakespeare and Mr. Lyons; " The Gipsy's Life" and " When a little farm we keep," by Mr. and Miss Shakespeare, greatly pleased the audience. Several encores were loudly called for during the performance, and were kindly responded to by the singers. The remainder of the prograjome consisted of reci tations—"Marguerite of France," by Mr. & Toms; and the "Charge of the Ligh! Brigade," by Mr. T. Macdonald: which! were rendered to the satisfaction of the audience. Then followed a scene from the ' "Merchant of Venice " by Messrs. Shakespeare Lyons, and Calf, which was attentively listened to, and at its conclusion the reciters were •warded with applause. Perhaps the- most interesting and amusing piece of the evening was the ever-memorable tnal scene " Bardell v. Pickwick." The various characters were sus tained by members of the Trinity Church Young Men's Society of Adelaide, the cast being as follows:—Chief Justice Starleigh, Mr. Shakes peare ; Sergeant Buzfuz, Mr. S. Toms; Sergeant Snnbbin, Me T. Macdonald ; Mr. Skunpin, Mr. C. Lyons; Mr. Phunky, Mr. H. F. Leader- Earn Weller, Mr. E. Potter; Nathaniel Winkle Mr. W. H. "WadeyjClerkof the Court, Mr. F. Calt The genial humor of the trial was well repre sented; the addresses of the Judge and counsel, as well as the conflicting cross-examination of the witnesses, were much relished; the nervous excitement of Winkle, and the bothering answers of Sam Weller, were well portrayed, and received a due share of applause. Even the Clerk of the Court conyul?4 the assembly by the comic way In which Tie enforced silence. At the conclusion of the programme the Chairman proposed, in happy terms, a vote of thanks to the ladies and gentlemen who so kindly assisted, which was duly carried and responded to by Mr. T. Mac Donald in an appropriate manner. The programme was concluded by a vote of *I""tVH to the Chairman, which was proposed by Mr. S. Toms and unanimously carried; after ! which the National Anthem was song by the company. Thus concluded a very pleasant and agreeable entertainment, which passed off without hitch of any kinl], and we trust wOl realise a handsome sum to the Bepair Fund. MOUNT PLEASANT, February 25. TungkUlo seems to be a mysterious place for fires, as another broke out in Mr. Kendall's paddock on the 20th inst., when a reaping anc winnowing machine were burnt. An inquest was held before Dr. Ferguson, J-P-, and a re spectable Jury of 12, J. McDonald, Foreman. The first who gave evidence was Win. Kendall, who said The reaping and winnowing machines were my property. I used them on Thursday, the 20th inst We left off work between 4 and S o'clock p.m. Went to bed at the usual hour. Was awoke by Jas. Carrail, who told me the paddock was on fire. I immediately dressed my self and went to the paddock, and found the machines both burning. "Valued the reaping machine between £40 and £50, and the winnow ing machine at £10 or £15. Employed a man during the harvest, who slept in the machine. Had no occasion to use matches on the day of the fire. James Carrail, sworn, said—At about 12 or 1 o'clock on Thursday, the 20th, whilst preparing to go to bed, saw a light in Kendall's paddock. Ban and awoke KendalL Proceeded to the paddock, and found the two machines burn ing. The winnowing machine was all butburnt. Hare no idea how the fire originated. Can see the spot where the fire commenced from my bedroom window. Thought I saw alight moving about near the machine. B. CarraQ, brother of the last witness, gave mmflar evidence, and said that he thought the fire commenced inside the raarTiinnj as only about two yards of the stubble was burnt where the machines were standing. Niel McGilvray, laborer, said —I remember the 20th inst Heard a cooeying at aboutjl o'clock in the rooming. Got up and found Kendall's paddock on fire. Went and helped to try and get the pole off the machine. The fire was coming out of the door of the machine. This being all the evidence necessary, the Jury found the following verdict—" That the two machines were wilfully set on fire by some person or per sons unknown." RHYNIE, February 26. The harvest is now all gathered in, and from what I can learn, the yield will be a fair average, considering the season, though it will not reach quite up to my former expectations. I believe in the immediate neighborhood it will not fall short of nine bushels. The plains are very poor, ranging I believe from one to five bushels, and I have heard of one unfortunate individual who is renting a section, and from over 50 acres has only gathered about 40 bushels of what can scarcely be called grain, in fact a full sized bag only weighed two bushels and 20 lbs. It is such sufferers as these that should be the recipients of Government aid, if any aid is to be given. I ma? also mention, too, that those who are the more fortunate have in most.cases reaped splendid samples, and would have realised from 12 to 25 bushels to the acre had it not been for the heavy storms that prevailed and shook out the grain.—Our main North-road will soon be in a perfect state, or I should judge so from the works that are going on. Hills are being cut through, valleys filled up, and creeks bridged across, as if it was meant for a railway line, instead of a mac adamised road. Mr. H. C. Haynes is just completing a new piece of road at Macaw Creek, over which a substantially-built bridge is being erected, and, from what I have seen of it in its unfurnished state, will reflect great credit on the contractor. Messrs. Morris & Milsom have also a large gang of men working, making about 60 chains road, a little north of the township. In this work there are two or three hills to be cut through, and valleys to be filled up, and for the short time these gentlemen have had the contract, they certainly have made rapid strides with the works. The sole management at present de volves on Mr. Milsom, who appears to be the right man in the right place in road making.— Before concluding, I wiU remark that I hope the Central Road Board will see the necessity of having these cuttings properly guarded by fences to prevent accidents, for it it a very easy matter for a person to get a capsise with his conveyance when travelling of a dark night, if such precautions are not taken. —The sad intelligence of the death of Sir Dominick Daly was received here early on Thursday morning, and evoked a profound sympathy. Host Kewson, of the Springs Hotel, had his Union flying half-mast high in respect to the departed Governor.— One more has been added to the list of fires in this neighborhood. Yesterday au unusual volume of smoke was seen to rise a Ehort dis tance from here, but from its being the time for stubble-burning no one nere tooK any notice of it, till a messenger arrived to call assistance. It appears that a settler had-been burning stubble the previous evening, and either through negligence or infringement of the Bush Fires Act, had allowed some of the fire to re main burning; however, it has resulted in the destruction of fences and a quantity of grass on the Hermitage Bun. Enquiries will be made to-day, and I believe an inquest will be held to morrow, after which I will send you full parti culars. TANUNDA, February 22. On Tuesday evening, February 18, about 8 o'clock, the people of Tanunda and neighbor- hood were startled by a very severe shock of earthquake, which lasted several seconds, shaking the windows, and in several instances making teacups and glasses tremble on the tables.—On Thursday the foundation stone of the new St John's Church, at Tanunda, was laid. Many hundreds of visitors, partly from a great distance, had assembled, and at 2 o'clock, the time appointed for the ceremony, the open grounds around the new church was crowded. A hymn was first sung in the old church, by the whole congregation, after which the Bey. Mr. Beusch, the local minister, read the 84th psalm, and the Bey. Mr. Niquet, from Light's Gap, offered prayer. A procession was then formed, all present joining in singing the hymn, "Come, let us build Eon." Arrived at tile place of the ceremony—Bey. Mr. Niquet again offered prayer, and after the declaration of trust had been read by S. yon Bertouch, Esq., the Bey. Mr. Niquet laid the foundation stone in the name of God the Father, Son, and Holy Ghost, and gave the building the name of " The Evangelic Lutheran St John's Church. 11 He then addressed the congregation, taking for his text Matthew 21st chapter, and the 42nd to the 46th verses. All assembled then sang Luther's glorious song, " A strong castle is our God," after which the Bey. Mr. Reusch addressed the assembly. A collection was then made, with a very good result. A tea meeting in the even- Ing, which was very numerously attended, closed the ceremonies.—Owing to the almost total failure of the crops in our neighborhood, of course business is very quiet; indeed a great number of laborers have no employ now, and can only keep the pot boiling by picking gum, of which large quantities are brought into the township. What the poor people will do when there is no more gum to pick is more than I can telL It is earnestly to be hoped that the Government will do something to give them employment —The news of the death of our respected Governor created universal regret All the flags Tanunda can boast of ware lowered half mast, both on the day of his death and to-day.— Election matters seem to be altogether neglected, and it seems as if our important di-trict will have to go begging for a representative, which is very much to be regretted. I hear the Gawler people are getting up a requisition to the Hon. P. Santo, which I have no doubt will be numerously sunned here, but even if he slftuld consent, there will be another vacancy to fill up yet—A Committee has been formed here for the purpose of inviting J. S. Browne, Esq., S.M., to a farewell dinner, in recognition of his valuable services on the Beach. WENTWORTH, FEBRUARY 22. An extremely sad occurrence took place here on the evening of Thursday, 20th instant. A man named Joseph Goldsworthy had some slight disagreement with his wife about their son. Shortly after she went out, and he, thinking she had gone to a neighbor's house for the night, went to bed. In the morning he went to his work as usual. He came home to breakfast, and in consequence of what one of his daughters told him he went to look for his wife. Finding her boots on the edge of the river, and tracks leading into it, the sad conviction forced itself upon his mind that she had drowned herself and infant daughter, whom she had taken out with her the previous evening. He immediately informed Sergeant Carter, who was soon on the spot, in company with two natives, who, after 10 minutes' diving, recovered the bodies. An inquest was held, and the following verdict returned:—That the deceased, Mary Ann Goldsworthy, and her daughter, Annie Goldsworthy, came to their death by drowning, such being the sole act of the said Mary Ann Goldsworthy. The Jury have no evidence as to the state of mind of the deceased at the time of committing the said act. This is by far the most melancholy occurrence that has taken place in our township for a long time, and is in some respects a mystery, no sufficient motive for the act being known, the deceased and her husband having always lived together comfortably and happily, and the difference on the preceding evening being scarcely worthy the name of a quarrel.—Business here is, and has been for a long time past, extremely dull, and we are almost tired of waiting for a change.—The rivers here have been almost at a standstill lately; but I hear there is a slight rise coming down the Darling, which will doubtless be sufficient to enable the small steamers to get up as far as Menindie. Sir Thomas Overbury says, that the man who has not anything to boast of but his illustrious ancestors, is like a potato —the only good belonging to him is underground. 