?? ? . j ? ? italy.*; ;:'::;j ?.:';; ..v;;; ?ffl4»:«e»;.i xiome, vveanesclay, 1st pf July.-^On the morning oi 3 the 29th Juiie,; the' .Feast, of SS. Peter and Paul, before the Holy 'Father came down to the Basilica of St. Peter's, the bull lll Y^Slv ls P^nesssiuninons the Bishops of the Church to the (Ecumenical Council that is to be opened in the coming year 1869 on ;the Feast of the Immaculate Conception, was published with m due solemnity m the Portico .of Saint Peter's.. The Apostolic Pro tnonotariesin council assembled, assisted by a lontincal Master of Ceremonies, and in presence of the Apostolic Cursores, carried out all the formalities of a solemn promulgation. One of theni3 mounted a temporary pulpit which was erected near the gre-t door of the Basilica, on left as you enter, whilst the others were seated on the benches around! After % flourish of trumpets he read the buli 'x '-,1''' vuiue, iiuu. wnen ne naa concluded the ireading- the Apostolic Cui'sores posted two 'copies of it on either side of the princi pal entrance to the church. The publica tion ^ing thus completed at the Vatican, the Cursores went to St. John Lateran's and bt. Mary Major's, and in the porticos of these two Basilicas, after the usual flourish of trumpets, read the bull, and affixed two copies to the pillars at the principal entrance. Lastly, other copies were posted at Monte Citono (Curia Innocentiana), the Apostolic Chancery, and Campo di Fiori. I now. ap pend a literal translation of the bull from its original Latin. It is addressed as fol lows: — _'0f OTir Most Holy Lord, Pius IX., by Divine Providence, Pope, the Apostolic Let ters, in- which is proclaimed an (Ecumenical Council, to be holden at Rome, and com menced on the day. sacred to the Immacu late Conception of the Blessed Virgin, in the year 1869. K . . . r ' Pius, Bishop, Servant of the Servants of ? God 11, fntmrp. frip.-mnrv n-F tl-ia otrani 'The only .begotten Son of the Eternal Father, moved by the gi-eat charity with which he .loves us, and that he might in .the fulness of time redeem the entire human race from the yoke of sin, the slavery of the devil, and the darkness of error, in which by reason of the. fault of the first parent it had hitherto been miserably enveloped, descend ing from His heavenly throne, and yet not receding from His Father's glory, having as sumed our mortal, coil from the Immaculate and Most Holy Virgin Mary, announced a doctrine and manner of life that was heaven born,- attested it with wonderful works, and delivered himself for , us an oblation and holocaust to God in an odour of sweetness. Before, however,- that death being van veil, to be seated at the right hand of His Father, He., sent apostles into the entire world to preach His gospel to every crea ture, and gave them power to govern the church acquired by his blood and constituted which is the, ' pillar and ground of truth,' and enriched with heavenly treasures points out to allvpeoples the safe road of salvation and the light of true doctrine, and 'like to a shin 'in t.lip rlpfvn qpsj. ni-F -fliic! iTr/viO/^ «/-» rti»««rt« ~ ? ir ? ? wwvjr *jv*-v »-'-1- w^-tAkj »» v^xj.v.1. oy 0-U.cviJCo its own course that, even though the world may perish, all whom it receives it preserves unharmed' (S.,Max. serin. 89). In order, therefore, that the government of this church might be justly administered and according to order, and. that the entire Christian peo ple might always persevere in the one faith, doctrine, charity and communion, He pro mised that He Himself would ever abide with it to the end of time ; and also selected Peter, one from all, whom He constituted Prince of the Apostles, His Vicar on earth, and head, foundation, and centre of the Church, that, both by virtue of his rank and lonour, and the extent of ids principal and fullest authority, power and jurisdiction, he might feed the lambs, and the sheep, confirm his brethren, govern the universal church, and be ?' the gatekeeper of heaven, the arbi ter, of things, to be; -bound and things to be loosed, his definitive judgment being effec tive even in heaven' (S. Leo. serai. 10). Anrl since the unity and' integrity of the Christ, and its, government' as' established by the same Church, should remain ever fixed on , this account, in the ' Roman Pontiff's succes sors of St. Peter, who, in the same Roman chair,. of Peter have been placed, the very same .supreme power, jurisdiction, and pri macy, over the whole church,, most freely perseveres and subsists. ?'? ? ?'; 'Wherefore the Roman ' Pontiffs, in the exercise- of this powef and charge, divinely committed- to them by - Christ our Lord Himself in the person of blessed Peter, of feeding the entire flock of the Lord, never omitted to undertake any labour, and take all counsel that, from the rising to the set ting of the sun, all peoples, tribes, and na tions might acknowledge evangelical doctrine and, walking in the paths of truth and jus tice, might attain eternal life. All well know with what unwearied' care the1 same 'Roman Pontiffs have ever studied to preserve the: deposit of faith' ;tli6 discipline o.f the clergy, their pious a'nd learned training, and the sanctity and dignity ; of matrimony, to promote daily more and more the Christian education ;of the youth of both sexes, to cherish the religion, piety, and ''morality, of the people, to defend justice, and1 consult for the tranquility, order, prosperity, 'and exi gencies even of civil society! ' Nor were they unmindful,' these Pontiffs, when they deemed it opportune in times' especially of grekt dis iturbance, or wnen calamities tnreatenea our most holy religion and civil society, to con voke general councils to the end-that,- having advised with the bishops of the entire Ca tholic world, whom the ' Holy Ghost placed to govern the' Church/ of God,' ahcl '.limM - united forces they might enact ?all1;1iMmJr-'M providently and wisely 'which mighTi^ deemed conducive to defining dogmas of ''-' faith, especially to erradicating the cufrenfe errors of the time, to propagating, illustrat- '?'.; . ing, and developing Catholic doctrine, to preserving and reinstating ecclesiastical dk- ' ' ciplme, and correcting the corrupt morals of '?' the people. ! ? ( . : 'Now, it is manifest and b(3yondall ques-' ' tion that the church is at presont buffeted by ' -- a raging tempest, and civil society afflicted ? witli innumerable and serious evils. For, by , ' the deadliest enemies of God and men, tbi Uatnolic Church, her . saving doctrines, and the supreme authority of this apostolic see,- '-\ is impugned and trampled upon,- all sacred' : ' things are despised, ecclesiastical property' ?' ' plundered-bishops and other dignitaries ot tne ministry, and laymen conspicuous fox ' their Catholic feeling, are persecuted in '? various ways ; religious bodies are suppressed - ; and impious books of every kind, and pe» titerous journals and most pernicious sects ?' ?' '. are everywhere diffused, and the educatioa' ? oi our unfortunate youth is almost every- ' where taken out of the hands of the clergy '??''? and, what is still worse, in not a few place* . '?' ??'/ entrusted to iniquity and error. Hence, t» -:. our great sorrow, and that of all right '' - minded men, and to the loss of souls, whicli' - ? ' ' ' never can be sufficiently deplored impiety is- ' so extensively propagated, and corrupt' -'''?? moralsand unbridled licentiousness, and th« ' .u', contagion of all manner of bad opinions sV ' ' widely spread, and all laws human and divine '??? ' violated, that not only our mo.st holy religion ' ' ? but even human society is to an alarmihe ;'' extent disturbed and distracted. ?':-.' .': ' 'In such an accumulation of calamities. f with which our heart is oppressed, the'/. ?',- supreme pastoral ministry divinely entrusted ' ? to us demands that we exert all our strength . ??'?'?:? to repair the breaches of the church, ta ' . ensure the salvation of the entire flock of ' CJrist, to repel the deadly attacks and . cii^i La ui wiubu vvjiu strive to overturn trora its very foundations, if it ever could be done, the church herself and civil society. We. ? indeed, with God's help, even from the very.- '?? beginning of our Supreme Pontificate,. never' ' desisted in our many consistorial allocutions :'?'.;/ and apostolic letters to raise our voice, and with jealous care constantly 1;o defend the , ? cause ot liod and of his holy church entrus-, : ' ? ted to us, to uphold the rights of this :' :. , apostolic see and of truth and justice, to lay'. '' '?'? ;'?'?? bare the designs of impious men, to con-' ?'?' demn errors and false doctrine, to proscrib« ? sects of impiety, and watch over and consult, for the salvation of the universal flock of Christ. ? .?--.;' ' But, treading in the illustrious footsteps ^ '??* : of our predecessors, we havij deemed it : ?'?' opportune, as we had earnestly desired for: some time past, to summon all our venerable . ' r: .: brethren the bishops of the entire Catholic ''?? world, who are called to sTiarfl in nm- onii/.;. tude to a general council. And indeed these :: ' ? venerable brethren, inflamed with a singular . ? . ? love forthe Catholic Church, remarkable for ??- ;; their extraordinary devotion and respect .. towards us and this apostolic s©e, anxious for . the salvation of souls, distinguished for wis dom, learning and erudition, and fully as ? ?? much as we do grieving over the wretched ?: ' condition of sacred and public [affairs, have .- been long accustomed as well to communi- ' ' ; cate to us their opinions and seek advice, as - to adopt salutary remedies against so many calamities/jfor in this (Ecumenical Council ^ all those things are to be most accurately ex-' ;? . J1' amined and decreed which regaid, especially in these troublesome times, the greater glory ? of God, the integrity of the faith, the decorum of ^ divine worship, the ever- ; ' lasting salvation of men, the discipline of both sections of the clergy, their salu- - tary and . solid culture, the observance of ecclesiastical laws, the Christian education ' : : ' of youth and the common peace and con- ' ? cord ^ of all. And moreover, the greatest care is to be employed to remove with God's assistance, all evils from the church and civil society, to bring back our erring brethren to ? ; ??'''- the right road of truth, justice and salvation, v .-- ana do ensure mac vices and errors once -:^-- eliminated, our august religion and its sav- . . ; -* ing doctrine be revivified all th-i world, over. ???:? /J'iv be daily more and more propagated, and ? '!??' become supreme, that so piaty, honesty b.- .;%.' probity, justice, charity, and all Christian h t; '? virtues with the greatest advantage to human ^'f — society may live and flourish. For everyj^i /.i -\ one' must confess that the truth of the Catholic Church and her doctrine regarda-'1, . ;.?; :?: -' not only the eternal salvation oi' men,. but is ,./?..: ,- moreover highly conducive to the temporal,' . well being of the people, to their ^rue .proa-:., , .??; pe'rity, order, and tranquility, to the pro- ;'?? : ?'{ - gress also, and solidity of human sciences/ '. , as the annals of ' both sacred £,nd profane .. .; .': history by the most splendid facts clearly show and constantly and evidently demon strate. And since Christ our Lord wonder- . fully refreshes and consoles us in these^; words, 'Where there are two or threif ' ,. ... gathered together in My name, there am'l'.^, '.. in the midst of 'thorn,' we catinot dotfB'i'.(: ! '',; but that He;will be present witi'i us in tKilf^V''^.'.- council, in thQ-abundance of His grace,1 that '*' ' we may be able to establish all these things which in any way may promote the greater usefulness of His holy chureh. Having J^_^_I__ .. ? ^ fioured out, therefore, most fervent prayers gay and night, in the humility of. our heart to . Gody the Father of Lights, we have con sidered th it this councU should by all means 1)6 Bummcned. , ' When fore— We, reiving on the authority Of the 0 -nnipotent God Himself, father. Son, and Holy Ghost, and of his blessed Apostles Peter and Paul, which we here on \- CRrth are invested with, with the advice and &8sent of our venerable brethren, the Cardi nals;of the Holy Koman Church proclaim, , announce, convoke, and decree a sacred (Ecumenical and General Council to be holden in ihis our beloved city of Rome, in the coming year 1869, in the Vatican Basilica, and to be commenced on the 8th day of th(! month of December, sacred to the Immaculate Conception of the Blessed Virgin Mary, to be continued, and, with God's help, for his glory and the salvation of the entire Christian people to be finished and brought to a close. And thereto We Wish, and order, that all, from all places, as well as our venerable brethren, the Patri archs, Archbishops, and Bishops, as our beloved sons the Abbots, and others- to whom by right or privilege the power is granted of sitting in general councils, and giving opinions therein, must come to this General Co ancil proclaimed by us, requiring, exhorting, admonishing, and, moreover, Warning and strictly commanding them, by virtue of the oath they have taken to us and this Holy the, and by virtue of holy obedi ence, and under the penalties by law or cus tom, in tho celebration of councils inflicted Or Usually proposed against those that do not Come, thai they themselves, unless, per vuEuiue, ia viiuiy liupeueu, wuliuu, iiywt;vtji tftttst be proved to tne Synod by legitimate procurator.1), are bound to be present and take part in this Sacred Council. ' We cling also to the hope that God, in Whose hand are men's hearts, yielding pro titiously to our desires, may, by his ineffable mercy and grace, cause that the supreme JfUlers of the different nations, and Catholic tulers especially, recognising still more every ^ACvJr. VJJ.W JU11 ULLGllOCs VKs±l\sXl.Vi3 VIXCbV VV JULJ. tbl/VX U.^ to Society from the Catholic _ Church, and that she is the firmest foundatien of empires and kingdoms, will not only not prevent our Venerable brothers the bishops, and the ftDOvenamed, from coming to this council, DUt that thoy will encourage them, give every facility, and studiously as becometh Catholic princes, co-operate in those matters which in&y; redound to the greater glory of God OUU VllC gUUU Ui IUXO V^UUllVyU. XUOCU- XV U.LLG ttid, therefore, that these our letters, and What are contained in them, and lest anyone may plead as an excuse Ignorance of them, when especially Safe access is not, perhaps, open even to all those to whom they should be nomin ally intimai.ed, we wish and command that in the Patriarchal Basilicas, the Lateran, the v Vatican, and the Liberian, when the people IS there assembled to assist at the Holy Sacrifice, they be publicly read in a loud Voice by the ' cursores' of our court or some public notaries, and, when read, shall be affixed to the door posts of the said churches, likewise on the gates of the Apostolic Chancery in the usual place at the Campo di Fiori, and in the other accustomed places, Where they are to remain for some time, that they may bo read and come to the knowledge Of all, and when removed copies of them ?hall remaii i posted in the same places' For V?A by this reading, publishing, and posting 'flhh all whom our aforesaid letters compre s^juu, tuttJi tile lapse ui twu inuiruis xroin wB date of the publishing and affixing of the letters to be so bound and obliged by them, as if they had been read and intimated to themselves in person, being copies of those pf course which were written or subscribed by the hand of a public notary, and authen ticated by -the seal of some ecclesiastical ner fton ' in dignitate constitute,' that certain and undoubted faith, may be given to them **SO We command and decree. ' It shall not be lawful, therefore, to any Ulan to infringe this page of our publication, announcement, convocation, statute, decree, Command, ] irecept,.and obsecration-, or by'any fash attempt to contradict it. If any one ihould presume to attempt this, let him know that he shall incur thereby the indig nation of Almighty God and His blessed Apostles Poter and Paul. ' Given ut Kome, at Saint Peter's, in the year of the Incarnation of Our Lord one thousand e ight hundred and sixty-eight, on the 3rd of the calends of July, in the twenty third year of our pontificate. \+ I. Pitis, Bishop of the Catholic Church, Loco + Signi. (Here' follow the signatures of their Emi nences the Cardinals present in Curia.) ' M. Cardinal Mattei Pro Datarius. ' N. Cardinal Phracciani Clarelli. ' Visa de Curia D. Bruti. I, Cugnionius. 'Loco 4- plumbi, ' Eeg. in Secretaria Brevium.' 