J VISIT in THE PRINCE TO QUEENSLAND. | I I legions the Brisbane Cover, Fcormry 26J 1 At 6รณ!fluek yesterday morning two guns from the Observatory lisvoko-our citizens to the fact that the Challenger, HARTAS., with his Royal Highness Prince Alfred on board, was at anchor in Brisbane Roads. About an hour later the Kate, steamer, with his Excellency the Acting , '-Governor and the members of the Ministry, started down ! the river to receive Wb Royal Highness and bring him to a town. She was soon after followed by the Emu and other steamers intended to escort the Kato up the river. "Unfortunately none of the vessels had many passengers, either because of the early hour of starling, or that the desire was more generally felt to see the landing in Brisbane! and the procession to Government House, Going down the river nothing noteworthy occurred. On arriving in the bay, the Challenger was observed dressed from stem to taffrail with flags, the Royal Standard fly- ing at the main. At this time there was a fresh southerly breeze blowing, which excused a considerable swell. This being the case, the Platypus ss., signalled I the Kate, and told her not to go alongside the man-of-war. Accordingly the Kate stopped her engines as soon as she got near enough, while the Ipswich, Mary, and Emu came close up to her. At the same time His Royal Highness left the Challenger in the ship's gig, accompanied by Com modern Lambert and Messrs. Brierly and Haig, and went on board the Kate Directly the Prince got on board, the Royal standard was hoisted at the Kate's mainmast. On board the Challenger the men, who had been standing ready in the tops, lay out and manned the yards, while the guns thundered forth a Royal salute. The Kate then turned ahead, followed by the Emu, Mary, and Ipswich, passed round the Challenger's bows and stood for the bay. The Emu was then in her position on the Kate's port quarter, the Mary on the other quarter, and the Ipswich bringing up the rear. When about half way to the bar, the Mary was sent back with a message, and the Ipswich took her place. The escort t was thus reduced to the tss'O vessels. The Brisbane and Emilia had also gone down to the bay with the view of forming part of the escort, but they went so far away in the direction of HumpyBong that they were unable to take their places in the procession as at first intended. "When' the boats neared the beacons on the bar they were joined Joy the Nosstc (s.), but after a time she dropped astern j and no more was seen of her. The ships in the Bay displayed all their bunting, and those nearest the ChiillciiKor--the Flying Cloud and Southern Empire Jircd gillis us the Kate passed think, and, indeed, until the report is were no longer audible The Proserpine, police hulk, n us gully dressed with flags, and as the steamers passed she saluted by dipping her ensign So the three vessels passed on their way to town, the mci looked its best Being about high water, the unpleasant looking mud line-,, Richard exposed at low tide, unrecovered, and flat in mi eyes of linked the water The sun was brightly shining over head, and owing to the late rains all vegetation looked vividly green and healthy At Lytton Hill lines on the road and boat-shed vice slipped as the steamers went by About a mile further up the an of the Black Diamond met the flotilla, and giving hearty cheers took her position astern between the sum find Ipswich The pace, however was too great for her, and shears left behind in the next each A few flagstone tween here and there, but neither man, woman, or child between Litton and the Humble n The whole of the dn also seen the i iv ei b ink had apparently left their homes to take care of themselves while they enjoyed the holiday in town. At the Hamilton a lad,, of must co of ladies on horseback here men, who, lininiiliiitclv on marking out the Kate, guide peel oil len areas town, apparently with the view of announcing for a cm warm) the welcome intelligence that the Prince was on his, way up to Brisbane On the "iron bank just below Biinktost Clock a detachment of the nineteen Al killed j had placed three of the ir field pieces in position, and as the Kate approached commenced hung in salute On seeing this the best slackened speed, and (small) stop] ed until the salute was finished It was fired in good turn, and as soon as it has finished the guns were hull ci ed up, and the de f achieve started for town and nil King pace Mr Harris v Neill, the Hamlets Ghost, nasal anchor off Ison stead, and presented a very gay appearance, decked out as she was with innumerable tings On her side a cloth had been fixed, on which were the words, "Welcome to the Sailor Prince, 2 worked in Her eis She, too, tried to do further honour to the Prince by dipping her in sign and firing a salute from Breakfast Creek there were no more demonstrations until the an iv ed in town, though here and there were groups of people standing on the bank, vi h vi need handkerchiefs liiNtilv. as the steamer passed While passing Audoisons slip the Ij bush fell astern of the Linn, so that the three vc tells formed a line, the Kate, of course, leading the town presented a very animated and festive appearance as the steamers rounded Kangaroo Point. The i\ itch of the le Sueur, the steamers Queensland, Clarence, Williams, and Leichhardt, were all lying in the stream, at some dist nee april, in a line from abreast the Custom House to the id of the 1 landing-stage Besides these vessels, the Pem, surveying schooner, and one of the pilot schooners were 1 j ing in the scheme and all, in common with the verses at then wharf, were dressed in holiday attire The Kate passed inside of this line of vessels can get to the hinge, where she made fast The Emu steamed upon the outside orlviiUfeinoo Point side of the steamers, and, round the appendices, stopped opposite the landing-stage, while the Ipsi ich went along the A.S.N. Co s vi h n i 