BOARD OF AGRICULTURE. There appears to be ? an astonishing diversity of opinion in the Australian Colonies as to the relation which the Govern ment should bear towards agriculture. It is a known axiom in political economy that the State ought to interfere as little as possible with the pursuits of the people. But even the inflexible laws of that science recognise instances in which Government interposition is warranted, when its object is to benefit an industry on which the national prosperity is largely built. The measure and character of the interference must be guided entirely by the oircumstanoes of the case. In most of these colonies farming pursuits monopolize a vast amount of attention, and it has been a difficult task to define how far they should be fostered by the State. In all it has been conceded that some thing ought to be done, but a great dis crepancy exists as to the extent and kind of aid to be rendered. In Victoria the Board of Agriculture is supposed to form the connecting link between the Government on the one hand and the fanning class on the other. It has a mixed constitution, being partly composed of Government nominees and partly of tbe representatives of affiliated Societies. When first it was established highly important results were expected to flow from it Its members were to be practical men, and their great aim' was to be togendeavour by con certed action to accumulate for the use of agriculturists such information as agricul turists in their individual capacity were un likely to obtain. By means of the Experi mental Farm, which was arranged to form one important branch of the Board's opera tions, they were to make such trials as would be of value to the whole fanning class, An expert husbandman waa to be installed in the management of this department, and it was anticipated that he would be able to pronounce authoritatively on the capabilities of the soil and climate ef . Victoria; that he would qualify himself to give sound and reliable advice as to which products were adapted for introduction into the province andtwhich were not. Through his agency it was confidently hoped that large expense would be saved to private individuals, and no end of valuable knowledge be disseminated. Over and above this the Board was to, form |h,e channel of communication betwixt the Government and Agricultural Associations throughout the colony. It was to distribute to them their proportion of the public funds, and at the same time to reserve in its own hands a sufficient amount to promote the wejfare of toe great producing interests jn a national point of view. But perfecfas the machinery appeared to be, satisfactory as th,e provision for encouraging the pursuits of husbandry seemingly were, the results have been anything but happy. A Victorian paper, writing some time ago with regard to it, said: — 'The Experimental Farm had to be given up in consequence of rank incompetency, extravagance, and, to use no harsher word, misappropriation of the public foods ; and what record is there of the work done by the Board itself durpig $e eight or nine yean of its existence? Then in' what condition are the Societies over which the Board is supposed to exercise supervision? One after another is becoming insolvent and useless, the natural consequence of a laxity of principle which has become too common amongst the members with - the view of getting a larger share than they ought of public money.' Thus, an organization which bade fair to )jjb productive of highly beneficial results eyentuajjed in « total failare. $og lgng ago an attempt was made to reconstitute it upon a more solid basis, to bring it more com pletely under Government control by in creasing the number of nominees, declaring that two Ministers should be ex officio entitled to act as ^members, and also to reform the general administration of its affairs, fa addition to this, it was proposed to give it authority over the native industry branch ; but the Bill which was to bring about these alterations came to an untimely end. The Board therefore labours on, giving satisfaction to none, and apparently eking out a very hand-to-mouth sort of existence. The people of New Zealand have recently been agitating the question of how best to establish a proper connection between the State and those engaged in agricultural and pastoral occupations, and some peculiarly elevated views of the duties and responsi bilities of Government in the matter have been advanced. The latest manifesto comes in the shape of a report wmanAting from a Conference of representatives of Agricultural and Pastoral Societies in Otago. Their meet ing appears to have had a kind of official sanction, and they were obviously im pressed with the importance of the position they were called on to filL They have been- most liberal in recommendations, and the Government, in dealing with their report, will have a large margin for the exercise of discretion. One might have conjectured that the un lucky example of Victoria would have discouraged imitation ; but instead of that the foremost proposal is for a Chamber of Agriculture to be constructed, the annual payment to which should be £'1 la. per member, and the management of which should be entrusted to a Council formed of representatives of the several Associations. Moreover, that it should perform the very functions which the Victorian Board have proved itself so incompetent to discharge, namely, to collect and disseminate informa tion on all matters of interest to the farmer and wool- producer, and to act as dispenser to the various Societies of the bounty of the State. It was even to go a step further, and, in return for substantial advantages secured to the producing interests from head-quarters, undertake, in conjunction with its branches, the col lection of agricultural statistics— a work which was now executed in a very indifferent manner by the ordinary process. With a view to promote the growth of fibrous plants and the manufacture of them into paper, handsome bonuses were to be offered by the State; the cultivation of sugar beet waa to receive some undefined encouragement; woollen manufactories were to be fostered by the grant of suitably situated blocks of land with the requisite water privileges, and a liberal premium was to be added in order to develop this particular enterprise; ample forest reserves were to be proclaimed, and trees, planted by private persons were to enjoy an immunity from taxation; generous aid was to be afforded to Agricultural Societies to establish markets ; and finally it was gravely recommended that the Provincial Government should, subsidize agricultural and pastoral pursuits by ad vancing money to those engaged in them, in order to facilitate them in draining, planting, and otherwise permanently im proving their land. Over and above this incidental, luxuries are suggested, such as the establishment of a corn exchange, the institution of a university with a chemical and technological chair, industrial and agri cultural museum, library, &c.; ; but it is uot made quite clear how far {the Government are to contribute towards these extras. Alto gether the deliberations of the Conference prove that its members were men of com prehensive mind, by no means easily appalled by trivial considerations of cost where the well-being of a rising nation was concerned. It will be strange indeed if, out of the mul tiplicity of proposals, a discriminating admi nistration is not able to devise some means for promoting the future prosperity of the interests so ably represented. The farmers of South Australia, notwith standing the important position which the agricultural interest holds here, are not chargeable with unreasonable demands upon the Treasury. Their modesty has been excessive, and the assistance rendered them has been commensurate with their modesty. Tbe Legislature have voted a few hundreds a year to be disbursed among the Societies, and imagined that they had done their duty. But it is palpable that something more will be required. The agriculturists have suffered greatly for want of organization for their own protection, and they have a right to look for some aid from the Government. The Commission which recently sat to enquire into wheat diseases recommended the appointment of an analytical chemist, whose services should be at the command of farmers ; and certainly this is the very least that can be done on their behalf. Theatre Botal.— Musical comedies are a pleasant variation to contested elections, but there is not very much encouragement to put them on The audience that assembled to hear 'Love Laughs at Locksmiths' was not quite what Cupid deserved. But with tbe players he had no room to find fault, unless with the muff who occu pied the shoes of tbe fire-eating Captain Beldare. Cupid should imitate Comus in giving over that devotee as a hopeless case. Bisk, the scheming servant, who opens the locks of the harem for his master, showed ftfr, Coppin in a milder hne than any he has yet assumed, In its clever knavery there was not much scope for his broad humour, but there was a good deal for bis musical powers, though unfortunately not in solos. The only really Coppinish hit in it was the song 'Unfortunate Miss Bailey,' which gave a very ludicrous version of a ghost scene. Mr. Kogers had the part of a choleric old painter to play— Vigil, the sell appointed, and therefore very vigilant guardian of Lydia (Miss Forde). His talent had also to struegle in the fetters of the gamut, and to be submissive to the orchestra. The satisfaction derived from them was, as in Mr. Uoppin's case more general than particular. In short there was almost nothing to individualize, but the piece altogether was lively and agreeable. Miss Forde combined, as usual, much vocal ability with dramatic indifference. The skating fete was gone through successfully, the efforts of champions and beginners receiving their due applause. The concluding farce o( ' The Turnpike Gate' gave Mr. Coppin an opportunity of appearing in another of his familiar characters, Crack the Cobbler. The vagaries of that very eccentric individual were represented naturally and felicitously, and the exercises of the untrained voice in two or three songs were highly amusing. He looked throughout the very picture of a man who could benevolently keep others sober by drinking their ale at all the village public-houses, and be denied a situation as parish clerk by a jealous clergyman because of his unctious amen. Mr. Bogera was capital as Joe Standfast Indeed, his versatility in the old man hne is very special indeed. The other characters were fairly repiegented, and the piece passed off in a lively manner. To-night another opportunity will be given to the public, which ought noi to be lost, of seeing Mr. Coppin in his inimitable impersonation of Milky White, the supplementary pieces being 'The Skating Fete** and 'The Turnpike Gate.' Entertainment at the Destitute Asyxuu. —An entertainment was given by the Adelaide Amateur Christya to the inmates of the Destitute Asylum last evening. The performance com menced with an overture and chorus by the com pany. The fongs in the first part were very efficiently rendered by Messrs, Selth, Gowenlock. Edwards, Easther, Lower, and Dwyer. After an interval of }0 minutes, the' second part was commenced by Mr. £rank Farndell, who sung very Bweetly ''Father, come home,' and waa encored. This was followed by Mr. Eartber with ' Hop light loo.' Mr. Charles Palmer then gave the Rattlesnake Jig very creditably, considering the disadvantages uuder which he laboured. The entertainment closed with Sam Lower singing ' Walk in, Joe,' and the com pany giving the Japanese Band, the Breakdown, and ' God save the Queen.' A vote of thanks to the performers was proposed by Mr. Vincent Hanson in a neat speech, carried by show of hands. Mr. Selth responded, stating that u aiforded them great pleasure to be enabled to give those who were in indigent and adverse circumstances an evening's TbxFundebs Emotion.— The box containing the votes polled at Blanchetown on Thursday, May 7\. still lies at the office of the Returning Officer in Adelaide, waiting to be transmitted to Port Lincoln to be opened. It is believed to contain about 10 papers, and although these may possibly change the order of the candidates entirely, it seems outrageous that the result should be to long elayed. That Blanchetown should be included in Flinders instead of in Gumeracha is an anomaly which will have to be removed when the Electoral Bill is brought forward. Th* Ministers in the South-east — We understand that the Treasurer and the Commis sioners of Crown Lands and Public Works ' are expected back in Adelaide on Sunday night. Madauk AffNA BlSHOr.-This talented lady has engaged White's Assembly Booms, and will gi?e her first concert on Monday evening. The Madras Times, in referring to her fifth concert at the Banqueting Hall of that city, says:— 'there i« great difficulty in criticising the performances of Madame Anna Bishop when these have extended over five grand concerts within a short space of time. The critic is expected to say something about every concert; but when he can do nothing but praise he finds at the end of the third or fourth that all his expletives are exhausted; that he can no longer find synonyms for charming, delicious, exquisite, and so forth. If Madame Bishop would only sing a false note, give some passage with a false expression, or even occa sionally get husky, it would be a godsend to the critics, who would then have somelhiiu new to descant upon. But instead of helping us in this way she maliciously persists in being as nearly perfect at it is possible for a singer to be. Hit voice will remain through piece after piece rich, full of tone, round, and clear: and let the interval be what it may, up or down, she drops upon the note with an ease and accuracy which are rivalled only by first-rate instrumentalists. Then, her power of expression, how varied it is. One minute she makes you laugh by her naive expret sion of some semi-comic ballad, and the next makes you all but weep in sympathy with the deep eeling with which she tenders music such an landers 'Angels ever bright and fair,' 'Littlr Jell.' and the old English ballad 'The beggar girl.' Those who heard Madame Bishop sing those ttiret pieces on Thursday night had a rare treat indeed. We heard more than one when coming out hum tohim&lf; the refrain of the last 'Give me gome food for my mother for charity: give' me some food and then I'll begone,' which had been tun? with an amount of tenderness we have never heard surpassed.' Abtillebt Practice.— The Adelaide and Port Batteries ore appointed to meet at Woodvillc on the ISth for field movements. House Surgeon for the Hospital.— In con nection with the new Hospital Regulations it may be stated that the Board are advertising for a Senior House Surgeon; salary, £100, with 'apart- ments and rations.' Cereal Exports.— Notwithstanding the disas trous consequences of the red rust the value of our cereal exports from the commencement of this ycai has exceeded £200,000. This Criminal 8irrao8.-OQ Friday John Long and Wilnelm Schmeltzkopf pleaded guilty to charges of stealing, and were sentenced to twelve and nine months' imprisonment respectively. Patrick O'Brien, convicted of stealing money from John Connell, was sentenced to nine months' imprisonment, and George James, for burglary, to three years, having been convicted several time* previously. The case which occupied the Court during the greater pait of the day was a prosecution of a woman named Mary Kroncke for perjury, which resulted in her being convicted and sen tenced to two years' imprisonment. Court of Insolvency.— In the case of Thorna* Wardle, which again came before the Court ol Insolvency on Friday, May 15, the examination 01 the insolvent was concluded. The case was even tually adjourned to June 2, the assignees under taking to file the charges against tbe insolvent b) Tuesday next, Adelaide Police CouRT.-On Friday, May 15, three fines of 5s. each and one of 10s. were inflicted in cases of drunkenness and other misconduct A female defendant, charged with' assault upon a male complainant, was dismissed with a caution. A farmer, charged with leaving his dray and bullock* unattended, was fined Ss. Dahlke's Patent Filter.— On Friday, May 15, Mr. Dahlke, accompanied by Messrs. R. B. Smith, W. F. Gray, and C. Schilling, waited on the Chiel Secretary in order to bring before him the question of testing the process for changing Bait water int- fresh by means of filtration. Mr. Aycrs promised to bring the question before his colleagues; but in the meanwhile various gentlemen have promised contributions to a sufficient amount to enable the filter to be erected in the neighbourhood of the Port, and Ub efficiency tested. . Agricultural and Horticultural Hocijtt. —The monthly Committee meeting of this Society was held at the .Norfolk Arms on Friday, May 15. Present— The Hon. J. Baker (President), Messrs J. Frame, A. B. Murray, R. Patterson, R, S. Kelly, W. Murray, W. Hackett, E. \V. Andrews, E. M. Bagot, G. Bennett, W. K. Simms, M.P.. H. H. Haussen, D. Lithgow, J. T. Gray, E. Smith, G. F. Ind, J. Cobbledick,' W. Crossman, A. McKenzie, R. Smith, W. Ferguson, J, Mellor, and C. J. Coates (Secretary), At the suggestion of the President it was resolved that in future the Secre. tary should lay a statement of the Bank balance before each meeting. A letter was received from Mtssrs. Brown & Thompson, asking for the balance of their account for making alterations and additions to the Exhibition Building. The Committee considered this was an account which the Government ought to pay, as they claimed entire control over the building, and us the expen diture was connected with the most successful feature of H.R.H. the Duke of Edinburgh's recep tion, which conferred more benefit on the colony than anything else. They therefore decided to forward the letter to the Chief Secretary. A conversation took place in reference to the Society's accounts, which were not in the most flourishing condition, and the Finance Committee were authorized to pay all outstanding accounts below £20. It was resolved that a petition be pre sented to the House of Assembly, praying them to grant the Society a sum sufficient to clear oil' nil the liabilities on account of the Exhibition Build ing and the Prince's Show; and the President, Messrs. Andrews, Bagot, Chambers, A. B. Murray, and K. D. Aioss were appointed a Committee to prepare it The President suggested that each member of the Genetal Committee should endea vour to obtain a promise from the members fur bis district to support the petition iu Parliament T. Hopper wrote, applying for the return ot 10«. which he had paid for a jewellery-stand at the late Show, but which he had not been allowed to have. It was stated that the man was found gambling, and was therefore turned out of the grounds. Application not entertained. Mr. Andrews brought forward the case of Mr. Bucknall. who nad not yet received the medal which had been awarded him for a boat he had exhibited. The whole correspondence on the subject was ordered to be considered at the next meeting. Mr. Acraman wrote in reference to the award for cut roses, but the decision already arrived at was con firmed. Mr. Haussen said since their last rtneral meeting two of their most active members— Mr. W. D. Wigzell and Mr. A. Matoon- had died, and he thought it would be only showing a fitting respect to their memory to forward letters of con dolence to their widows. A motion in accordance with this was carried. It waa resolved that in future subscribers' tickets be numbered, and an account of them kept by the Secretary. The Com mittee determined that the lease of the Society's wine-cellar should be surrendered as soon as possible; that notice should be given to the owners of its suiplus contents to remove their samples by a certain day or else they would be sold by auction ; that the Society should have an office of its own; and that advertisements should be inserted in the newspapers requesting persons who had suitable rooms to let to forward particulars. The salary of the Secretary was fixed at £80 a year, with the use of the Society's room and the usual S per cent, on subscriptions collected. The Secretary was instructed to write to Mr. J. McKwin, and expla:n the whole of the circum stances in reference to tbe medal which lie had been erroneously awarded, and request him to return it A guinea was voted to Mr. Halliday for his excellent collection of vegetables at the late Show. Consideration of the Ploughing Match and October Cattle Show, with which it was desirei Bhould be connected an exhibition of colonial manufactures, was deferred to next meeting. Messrs. Bagot and Hackett laid on the table some hybridized barley grown by Mr. K. Richards, of Eden Valley, who five years ago sowed some skinless barley, among which were a few ears of Cape barley, and the two samples hybridized. This year he sowed some of it in the ear, and tbe result was a very fine skinned variety. Mr. Simms said he hardly thought it would do for malting purposes. The Committee then adjourned. The Inquest on Mrs. Ryan at Kapunda. —We gather from the Kapunda Herald some further particulars of the adjourned inquest re. fetredtoin our issue oi the 15th:-' The inquest was adjourned till Friday, in order that a post mortem examination might be made, and Dn. Tallis and Brack were appointed to conduct the same. This morning the evidence was resumed, Mr. Way being allowed to attend to watch the procedings on behalf of Dr. Clindening. Dn. Gogse, Pophara, and Corbin were also present As the evidence was not finished up to the time of our going to press we refrain from publishing any part of it, as we think it would not be fair to Dr. Clindening.' Gawmb and WnusTOH BACis.-The follow, ing are the weights for the Gawler and Willaston Handicap :-Darkie, 5ynn g st.;Crosby,8 yn.. 7st. 4 Itia.; Conair,'5 yn., 7 at 2lbs.:8outh Australian filly, 2 yrs., 6 it Opening of a Bxchabite TE»T.-On Wednes day evening. May 6, at the close of the lecture de liveied by Mr. G. W. Cole. In the Wesleyan Chapel, Port Lincoln, 24 persons signed the pledge, (several of whom became candidates for opening a Recha bite Tent They then pioceeded to the Wesleyan Mission-house, where, after the necessary pre h'minariej', the D.S. of the Albert District (Mr. G. W. Cole) proceeded with the initiation of the 12 candidates present, and duly constituted the new Tent which was named Tbe Rock of Lincoln No 27, of the Albert District. The following membera were chosen apofjicer for the first six months ?- Mr. Aaron Cole, C.li ; Mr. R. Bartlett, D K ? Mr JB. Andenon, Secretary; Mr. W, Borthwick! Treasurer; Mr. J. Barnes. Steward; Mr. J Cooper Levite; Mr. Thomas Brewster. Levite, Thetim and place of meeting having been fixed, other candi dates for membership entered, and Borne more business transacted, the Tent duly closed. Railway TRAma-Thc traffic on the South Australian railways for the week ended May i.i?*iir^rt Linf-Passengera, 4,795; fares, £lft- 18s. 9d.; goods, £113 3s. 64, tforth line 