SENSATIONALISM. I '. [ "\ .. What is sensationalism, and who .is sen-' sational? I "will strive' to toll youV] ,Th6 late ; Mr, William ShakeBporo. was an arrant sensational writor. Ho wrote tho play of '"Macbeth," whion. is founded mainly on murder and witchcraft.' '. He wrote " Hamlet,".in whieh thoro are imany murders, ' a suioide, a suspioion of madness,' .and; a ; ghost;. Ho.vript6;i¡"0tholl&t;'l ,ia. whioh there is jealousy, ánd¡ ' also ;. mürder, He -¡wrote ^.King. Lear,',' in -whioh you willflnd murder, blindness,.and; ¡ madness. Hp 'wroto Y'^P^y-i'.^^-'V'Pléopatrái? in whibh'thero is suioido. He wroto' ." Julius Crosar," in whioh there is . a murder, and a gh; st. ; Hé;,;wroto, r";ltiohard¡;the> ;ThJrd,,,! in whloh'thpre are'hö ond:.of muidors ond no end .bf ghosts^ Ile vvrbto;.'.'.'," Borneo' ; and Juliet,"., in ,whtoh i ^luxuriate .poison, ; and murder,' and1 premature interment. He wrote ' the ' *'Merohant of Venice," in whioh there is robbery and elopement, and an attempt] on the part of a Jow.bill-dlsoeuntor to out opon tho stomaoh bf a Ohristinn gontleman. Tho lato M. do Voltaire, highly, objootod to Bhakespore's sensationalism. He palled him un barbare grotesque. ile preferred murder a la I Grooquo,. when you only hear tho slaugh torpd Agamemnon groaning behind tho j'scenes. He liked Peloponnesian adultory. Ben Jonson, Beaumont, Fletohor, wera hot sensational writets. lien's most sonBatianal play, "Tho AlohemiBt," is made up of the humours pf a conjuror, a swindler, nnd a woman of tho town. Desdemona is sensa- tional ; Doll Common ia not so. Beaumont and Flotohor dopictod tho "humours" of their ugo with strength, riohuoss, bind raoi noss ; tboy ropresontud the manners of their timo with pliancy, variety, nnd fldolity j but thoir plays wero plays of manners, nnd ,not of human nnturo. Thoy wero plays of gar- ments; and not of tho lifo within,' . So. was it with tho later oomcdy-writors. What has booomo of IDthoioge's " Love in a Tub," on(l Wycherley's " Ciontlamnn Dauoing-muster,'1 and Kowo'a " Ditnr " ? Whpro i nrù, Shirley, Vunbrugh, 'dungrove, nnd Fnrqn bar? Whore;' is .Fpoto, ovcu'?1 Thorói ia but ono play by lVÍuBSÍDgor,.;tÜóif''Virgln:' Martyr," and ouc by, Marlowe,' tho,/.', Je\v", of Mnltn," that hua.Burvivodiulwost.utter ¡ob'7 , livion, They áró'both" sensational j" that ia to say, tlioy treat of life UMI passion. The Elizabethan dramas pf mannors uro all dond. Who, eave book-worms, reads tho " Soornful Lady," or the " Custom of the Country," or the »" Beggor'a BuBh," or tho " Humourous Lieutenant," Q£ tho " Littlo Frenoh Lawyer,", or the "Laws of Candy"? Who knows muoh about " The Fox," or the " New Inn," i or tho " Staple of News" ? Yet the people I who wrote these things wore oried up by J self-conoeited wits and sages as infinitely I superior tb Shakespore. Have they kept possession of the stage? . Will they over obtain possession of tho stage again ? Away from bookmen's shelves, tho whole rout of them are as dead and gone as a ohandler Bhopkeepor's ledger of the year before last. In the opinion of dolls and dullards and en i vious baokbiters evorything is " sensational'' I that is vivid and nervous, and forcible, and graphie and true. Th oro is no sensation in tho wrotched daubs of Benjamin West, or the heartless tea-tray varnishing of Menga'; but there 1B most deleterious sensationalism in Fusoli, and Hogarth, and Goya. Miguel deCervanteswrotosensationally, but Gongora would have soorned the act. Camoens was sensational, but Lousada way «'olassio." Wedgwood , was ' a sensation ol potter, 'and Flaxman a sensational sodlptor. The roi-: vival of wood-engraving was a " sensation?' as bitterly depreoiatad by tho old admirers of namby-pamby stipple and wooly mezzo-, tint as' vaccination was piously denounoed by the advocates of inoculation, pr. better, still rbyUotting tho smallpox/have its'own woi^. The Grub-street ¡Journal' and the. ;Doily Intelligonoor . wero ' notr isensationál 'papers. /. Tho Telegraph,' and * Standard; and the Star are oloarly sensational. Mr. Millais ls a sensational painter, -so .is;.Mn Holman, Hunt. Mr. Woolner is a sensational sculp- tor ; Mri'' Buskin's" art oritioisms ore sonsa-, tional ; Mr;j Darwin is a .sensational:'philo-, sophor ; Mr. Fechtor io a sensational no tor ; Mr. Spurgeon is a sensational preaoher 5 Dr. Cumming is a sensational theologian ; so, from another point isTProfessorvMau'iioe. As for Mr. Kingsley, aBjpbet', novelist, parson, and historian,' he was'alwayB sensational.. Belgravia is a sensational magazine, an'd Miss Braddon is a dreadfully sensational surgeon ; M. Edmond About, is a sensational iwit; Napoleon III. a sensational sovoreign ; and Graf von Bismbrok a sensational states- man. As for Garibaldi, ho was never more than a sensational patriot ; and it was only' Gone ral Grant's sensational- obduruoy that oausedthe Southern Confederacy to collapse. Thia is the cry, this is the 'yólp, this/is the howl, in whian the dullards and the 'dolts' and tho backbiters revel. . Suppose; that the sensible portion bf society consent just for a season to lay down their arms, their pons, and their, pencils,' and allowed the, noh sonaatlonalists to have their way,?. No more sensation plays, no more sensation pooms by the way, Maud is' -glaringly/sensational, and BO is Enooh Arden-no more sonsatibn novels, no mora sensation leading articles, no more sensation i pictures, . . no more sensation sermons, no . more sensation epeeohes. Let ua gb .book tb tho calmly dull, to the tranquilly insane, to'/the' timorously decorous,'to the sweetly stupid. -. Let some new Maoaulay --the old ono ' was a sensa- tional historian-tn-ke up tho narrative left' us by Thomas Babington! ' and. . write : " Hor mostgraoious Majesty, Queen Anne, WOS a very gOUil Q,uaau. Oho wu.'mnnli attaohed to the Church of England.. Her Consort was /called'; '.Prinoe George ' ; of Denmark. He was a - great donkey, ' and used to get drunk. Queen Anne WOB'very | fond of good eating. .1 She' was vory 'clover at making cordials. Sho had a famous general, whose namo was Churobill. Tho: Frenoh called him Malbrook. He won tho battle of Blónhpim for her. ; Queen Anno ts dead.'?. / There; if that be .not' classical,! know - not. what is. There, aro very few words of more than- two syllables in this non-sensational excerpt; ' Or lèt Our/nbvols be on the model of'the Grand Cyrus pr Bel i I sari us. '?> Let leading-articles begin, " Thoy write from Vienna that the Emperor refuses to treat, and that tho .tí-reat Turk is ; likely to give some trouble on the Danube." In lieu of reports of debates in Parliament,' lot' us 'have " Conversations i iri' the Senate of Blefusou."''./' :Let'our Bojfal'-AoadomioianB turn aoáóh'paintérsv br put /out profiles in black sticking-plaster;' let Mri Phelps play Maobeth »in the uniform of a captain in the Guards ;, and tho bishop' bf London;, in. a ,\yig ; liko-; a , bird's-néat, preach a sermon in 8t. Paul's against photography ¿nd the Elootrio. Telegraph. ' Don't let-us move, don't let QB'travel,-don't lot us, hear or 'see any- thing; but let us write sonnots tb Chloe, and play madrigals ion (he spinet; and dance; minuets, and* pray : to Heaven? against Sensationalism, tho Pope, the "Devil, .'and the Pretender ; and then let dulness reign trium- phant, Í ond universal* darkness cover all. " On. the 'Sensational' in Litoraturo and Art/' -by . Sola, in'Belgravia.^/' / ' To ADvanTiBEas -ytá ollp the following /from an .'American 'paper; and aa the moral IB good we giro it ' to our readers to 'think.' over's-','ïou, eoe, goods aro? Uko girls-they must go when'they .are In/fasMon »nd goad-looking, or. else a yoko of. oxoa ,wouldn't draw* om afterwards The Tnau; that /advertises most does mont business, bccause'he don't make, one stock to last one ll fe-tim e. I know ju merchant in this dlalriot who has imported three' different batohia nf gooda within a yoar from Europo, and «Ow' has' nearly sold ont again. Hon (loos ho and his p»rtoera got rid of to miiny gooda? ' They advert Isa moro than all tho other« put togotber - that's tho'how.' I; will prove it. If yon w..nt to borrow tr odey-if you want io l»nd nioooy-If you wabta farm to rout-If you want to «ell-Advertise, "if your horse,' pig, joöw, ott, sheep, or oxen go aitray, AdvertUo thorn, right off, and not run a ohunuj of losing', than] 'altogether, or having to pity a's muoh ns,they are worth' Ini'.crjnige for their keep, lt you nrj it ¿hoeinnkor, 'tailor,'' blaok smith, wagoner, or any kind ot-niefal rusohmlo, shaw propio that yon nrenot ashamed of being a. rneobUslo, hy advertising. If you keep an hotel, miko lt known. AVhon propio ndvórilsethey know ho ls a hasirieas man. Tho world ls full'uf folks who want.',' Some want to sol', some want to bay,' and, the ono way to meet these wants, and td make money la' (o' advertise. Advertising is like hohesly-it pays; wetl lf; followed ur). ' Merchants think nothing of pay lng forty dollars für bri*'sign,with nothing but thslr na'ule'bn it;'1 .Well,' whut ilo yon think of having eight thou arid do lar aluns a weok in a newnpaper ?. In thll yoii oan 'show your whole Oitabllohtnont té the country overy wooli. ,' ' ifyou sro wis», ju« nib'your eyes'. ' 1 "?' " ' 1 Amt go to work, »nd ADVEUTIB«." ; 1 ; : , » l)l!ATIli OV jTIJR (ÜLDEST d^BBOSMAH W: ElfÛÎÏAWO.S This v.wn,U)-j js.aúnóunced.lhe death of the ltav. John Hooley liromby, 'MIA'.*, tko,' father 'of the Dlnhop of Tasmatiisl nnd'tne.'Oldeat ote'rgyiriàn In England i , flo Wai edue'ated kt Stdriey 'Stisiex Oitllëgp,' whero ho took' his B.Ai d*gr'ee,llrmo2, Vrlién' bb 'wis t7lll'wr«naler, !Dr.';Miltby,Nthtt late' Binhnp df'Ddrhhoi ; Dr'.i AUtn, ratoDiillop oT:'Kly-t'dnd>Dr, MhlAIoio», late Illsliopof 'Calflutla'fAwlidr' of tlie'"'."üeetiltio Of Hint Gre'ok' 1 Arll*le»i''yhl»Virigl lilkbh' mallIeiniHnal 'h'ônouVs ¡al 'the 'aarjAh'ltrji^' that'titi ' frrflfof.j ' WHVO dallied! « He »slr iórrf«ih'íd'lleaoóu>lt( lÍDO bv Di, ÍMa,iklthmV'Al,ohblshPJl -Öf ' rörk-'o'id' lirlt'at Iff- iftr»hy Ur.' l'qrtíoil*.' ijislinp ¡of IiOridorii« lnMí'B7íhij'wii»:pri'ati|(ti>il tà ^IJib-Vloarafo of t-'t. M«ry,a!lluir,-WI'fàh,he'holtl'fftir'ttHll:lôfrg jiorlod ot eoveiitv >ears, buvlng only recently resignad lt, . Eipreas, Haroli 87. 