TALES AND SKETCHES. HIGH-FLOWN SENTIMENT. OBODOB.OBDIST promises well from A distance. A church with ao beautiful a spire', ought to belong to a place of feome importance,' ana the inhabitants of certain .comfortablelooking houses in the suburbs, isurrpunded by • extensive groundswith glasshouBes glitrter'ing in the sun, should be folks with mojoey to spend, grapes—perchance pines—to eat, sons and daughters ready ior anything, from croquet to private theatricals.. Alas for tbe deeeitfulness of appearances! The streets' of Cri'Ous Ordley are asgloomy as stage thoroughfares in the daytime; the most exciting pleasures indulged in by the inhabitants are penuy readings or geological leotures in the schoolroom ; the shops are fly-blown; the sign of tTie principal inn has not been painted in this generation, and the rich folks who indulge in pines are Quakers. Altogether, the cheerful reader is not advised to go near the place in the flesh, unless he is an aristocrat, and. receives an invitation to stay with Lord Ordley, the owner of the park, an Elizabethan mansion, on the left of the town. That would be a very different matter, for they are gay at the Hall; and when the present lord came of age, he even attempted to infuse a little life into the townfolks. But it was only a flash in thejian—ignition of a damp squib. At that period, Tiney Reynolds was staying with her aunt Sarah, who lived in a bright-red house, the door-steps and brass bell-bandies of more than Dutch brillianoy, in the centre of the principal street of Crocus Ordley. Had it not been for the presence of that charming girl, I should not have dared take the cheerful reader to suoh a drab-souled place in imagination j but no apology is due under the circumstances—" Eden is where Eve is." Miss Sarah Beynolds lived in that red briok building in tbat dull country town, because her father the lawyer had resided there before her. She had kept house for him for the last ten years of his life; he had left it heron his decease, and she continued to keep it. It was a great deal too large for her, and she might have let it to advantage, but she was used to it, and preferred remaining then, and shutting most of the rooms up, keeping it as a sort of ghost preserve. She was a good old Tory, and hated change like a cat. That she had lived a dozen years in one place was quite reason enough for her that she ought to live there a dozen more, another dozen after that, if Death, the vulgar democrat, would let her. Yet she was rather out of place there, a lady, and not a Quakeress. Quakeress, forsooth ! She was as good a churchwoman as she was Tory, and saved the clergyman a curate, she took suoh a quantity of parish-work off his hands. TA. little before noon, one bright June day, this lady and her neice were sitting with their work under a shady chesnut tree in the capital garden which lay at the back of the house. It is the custom,Somehow, to associate feminine severity with a tall figure, a straight backbone, and general spareness combined with prominent features, while we expeot a short, stout, little woman, whose face is of the dolly character, to be cfcionnatVe and easy. But Miss Sarah Beynolds was squat and prim. Her form was analogous to a bolster tied in the middle, but she managed to carry it with an air of virgin severity ; her nose bore no proportion to'the oheeks which hid it in profile, yet a front view showed it in constant readiness to turn up at human weakness. There would have been a difficulty about getting a crown piece between her lips, though she lent her aid to the experiment, and she kept them compressed as firmly as though she were in momentary expectation of some one trying it by force. In short, she was like a loaf of bread, both crusty and crumby. Never was there such a triumph of mind over matter. Her niece, Tiney Reynolds, was the—no, superlatives are absurd except in fiction ; in sober fact, she was not prettier than dozenB of the English girls, one meets with in every place in England, but she was as pretty as most of them, and if jou require more than that you had better take a dose of opium,and evolve a beauty out of your own brain. I do not know any other way of satisfying you. Herparents and sponsors had been so ill-advised as to have her christened Clementina, and as, of course, it was impossi ble to address a child in so many syllables had been.jjuzzled afterwards what to call her Clem was too much like olammy; Tina suggested the mild form of soarlet fever, and so they finally fixed upon Tiney, which sounded rather pretty for some years, but proved a singularly inappropriate name for a well developed young lady of five feet eight. She was leaning back in a low chair, listlessly engaged upon a piece of plain work, and by no means looking her best, for there was a cloud upon her brow, and a dissatisfaction about her pretty mouth on that particular morning; and though infatuated boys may sometimes think even a pout becoming, mature men, especially if they are married, know better. Aunt Sarah sat bolt upright on the edgeof aknotty garden-seat, working solemnly at a sackcloth pinafore, and glancing every now and then over her spectacles at the silent beauty, three yards in front of her, with a rather puzzled expression. When she had paid her a visit before, some ten or twelvo years previously, and had not appeared to be enjoying herself, Bhe had taken her to a privato room, and administered a slapping. But that was out of the question now; any such attempt would have resulted in a combat, and any one would have laid odds on the young one. But Aunt Sarah could not leave the pirl to come round naturally ; that was not in her politics. " I am afraid you do not like that plain work, Tiney," Bhe naggled. " 0 yes, it does as well as any other," replied the niece. A pause. " Would you like me to read to you ?" pursued the hoBpitablo aunt, charging in a fresh direction. " I have got a beautiful book in tbe house, ' The life and Letters of the late Bishop of Chupattie.'" " If you like," replied Tiney, with a yawn. " One needn't listen." A very deep carnation spread over Aunt Sarah's face, and she blew now and then, as if she were letting off steam. It was a good ten minuteBbefore she spoke again. "Are von ill ?" " N-no." " Perhaps you have got a headache, and would like to lie down?" A lady who is cross never owns that she is free from headache, so Tiney only remarked: " It is so hot. But this plaoe is cooler than my room." . Another period of silenoe. 'What is the matter with you, Tiney ? Why are you so disagreeable V ' Am I f Oh! I suppose then that it is my nature. But you oannot expeot prisoners to be always laughing and rattling their chains,' ' Prisoners! Chains I' ' People who are transported will' feel low at times. Exiles pine, you know.- If. you' whistle tbe BcmzJdet Faehe* to a Swiss gold-digger in Australia, he commits suicide. Is not that the story ?' 'If I pierce through the obscurity of your words sufficiently'to understand your meaning,-you insinuate'a complaint of undue restriction,' said 'Aunt Sarah. ' This surprises and pains me, for 1' have endeavored to .make your visit to me as'pleasant' as I can! This is the third day from your arrival, and hitherto I have been eminently unsuccessful.' ' What is the good of talking like that, aunt? Ab if I did not know that you were in the plot.' 'Plot! Undutiful girl, I know of no plot- Your papa intimated to me through the.post, that his business as a civil engineer would necessitate an immediate voyage to Canada, and requested me to receive you into my house during the period of his unavoidable absence.' ' And watch me, and spy upon me, and prevent my posting letters, which you can't —I defy you; or receiving letters, which you can—woriie luck.' Ill-regulated girl; it is not deoent for a young lady to carry on a clandestine correspondence.' 'And why am I to be buried in this hole ? Why could I not go to Fanny as usual, when papa is called away ? I might have stopped comfortably in London with her till she went to Scarborough, and I like Scarborough.' ' Whatever you ' may think, it is rude and improper to call my residence a hole. And I fear that there are reasons only too cogent why London is no fit place for you to be left in, while your papa knows well that your sister Fanny would not contradict or exercise the slightest supervision over you, even if her time and attention were pot so much taken up with her young family. Indeed it is muoh to be feared that she would connive at your disobedience.' ' And so he came to you, and you consented at once to help him to destroy my happiness, and make me miserable for life. And then you expect me to thank you, and make-believe to love you for it.' ' Not so,' said Aunt Sarah, ' I should like to see you more obedient and filial; but hypocrisy is a vice which is ever detestable.' This last sentence of her aunt's set Tiney thinkiag. Perhaps a little hypocrisy might pay. Her powers of wheedling were considerable, and had been almost invariably successful, for though her father proved stubborn on this present occasion, it was almost the first time that she had failed in moulding him to her will. AuntJSarah was composed of stiff clay, but she might, perhaps, become plastic with scientific kneading. ' Well, aunt,' she said presently,' I am very wrong to be cross with you, for it is no fault of yours. But papa iB so vejy cruel and unreasonable, and I am so very unhappy.' ' Unhappiness is the necessary concomitant of disobedience to parents,' enunciated Aunt Sarah, as if she were setting a copy in U to the National School. ' Yes, aunt dear, replied Tiney; ' I know we should- be dutiful, because it is so stated in the catechism ; but there must be some point at which we mav stop and think of our own interests. I am sure that you, who are so strong-minded and sensible, can never think that we women, should be slaves either to our fathers or our husbands. Papa was the first to ask him to tbe house and encourage him, and quarrelled with him for no fault of his but because he was disappointed and angry with his father.' ' Him ?' observed Aunt Sarah with a look in which ruffled modesty was blended with curiosity. And her niece told her love story. Miss Tiney was not deficient in love for her father, neither was she naturally undutiful; but having lost her mother when very young, and been allowed her own way ever since, she was certainly somewhat headstrong and im patient of control. But doubtless she had been treated in a way which would have excited a far milder spirit to rebellion. Mr. Storer had a clever son, who insisted upon going into the army; his father, who was anxious to have him for a partner, refused to buy him a commission ; Henry Storer (the younger) went in, therefore, to the examination for direct commissions, and did so well that they made him an engineer after all, only a military instead of a civil one. To struggle with bills and rivers was in the Storer breed. Mr. Beynolds took a fancy to the young officer of engineers, and asked him to his house whenever they were both in town ; and when Henry Storer extended his friendship from the father to the daughter, the former appeared pleased, and'never hesitated to leave the young folks together. There had not been any positive arrangement for marriage, but matters were pretty well understood between them ; that is, Henry Storer knew that if he asked, and Tiney said no, she must bo an arrant coquette ; and Tiney knew that if Henry did not ask, his behavior would be shameful. Matters being in this harmonious condition, the demon attached to the household of the goddess of Discord, whose particular province it is to see that the course of true love should not run smooth (a gentleman, bjr the bye, to whom, in the name of all story-tellers, past, present, and to come, we must tender our most hearty thanks), threw one of his apples between tbe two fathers, and of course they quarrelled. A slight allusion to the cause of quarrel will bo sufficient. It was about a railway, which Mr. Reynolds had been the first to suggest to a well-known large capitalist, and tho conBtruotion of which was entrusted to Mr. Storer; a foolish affair, arising out of a misunderstanding, which might have been explained in five minutes' calm conversation ; but, unfortunately, Mr. Reynolds had a very explosive temper, and Mr. Storer was proud and impatient, and they happened to meet while the former was smarting under the first sense of injury, whioh oaused him to demand an explanation in a tone which prevented the other from giving it, though it had been five minutes before on the tip of his tongue. And so they came to high words, and were very uncivil engineers to one another; and when Mr. Reynolds came home, he forbade Tiney ever to speak to Henry Storer again. 'Why ?' said she. Because I would sooner see you in your grave than mairied to the son of that scoundrel,' be replied. Tiney tried coaxing, for tho first time without effect. Then she pouted, but he remained firm. Lastly, she rebelled, which was injudicious, as it put bcr father on his guard, and caused him to place her safely with Aunt Sarah before starting for Canada. Such a separation would have softened an ordinary father and daughter who wore fond of each other, but it was nothing to these— they wero used to it. Mr. Reynolds was perpetually rushing off to bring a wood, a mountain, or a river into subjection in some distant quarter of the %lobe, and Tiney had grown to regard such absences much as the family of a railway guard do his daily journeys to and from some far-off English town. The above : is the Bubstanoe of what Tiney told at much greater lengthy and then she burst out crying. '-If your ^version of'this unhappy affair be correct,' said Aunt Sarah, in & soothing tone, which she'employiad when children in the infant school fell ami hurt themselves, 'all will come right in time.' Your papa: has a hasty temper, but it is not in his nature to harbor resentment for any protracted period.' 'But, by the time he comes back, Hen—Captain Storeiimay have gone anywhere, or have married some one else.'^' My dear—this excess of feeling, about a gentleman who is not related to you, is positively indelicate.' ' I can't help it, aunt. I'll never marry any one else.' ' Well; and a life of celibacy is the happiest.' Miss Tiney could not help thinking: ' How do you know ?' but she did not utter any such rude and impolitic words. She was not naturally of a melancholy temperament, and the shower of tears bad cleared her atmosphere. So she set to work to see how muoh cheerfulness could be got out of her duenna. It was something like extracting sunbeams from a cucumber, but happily there was a topic in Crocus Ordley just then, and they iliscussed that. An important topic; this lyras Tuesday, and on the Thursday, Lord Ordley graciously intended to come of age. There were to be grand doings at the Hall on that occasion, the most promising entertainment being a balloon ; not a fire top, but a real cloud-ship, which was in the habit of taking scientific men and scientific instruments to appalling altitudes. The former were sometimes smashed, the latter invariably. This balloon was to be filled in the morning, and fastened to the earth by a rope, so that all who chose might make partial ascents, like cruel boys having rides on a donkey tethered by the leg. But in the evening it was to be let loose, and an experienced aeronaut was to sail off in it. The oldest inhabitant had never seen a balloon. The younger inhabitants had never seen Miss Sarah Beynolds in a new bonnet, which was to be another feature in the fete, and it was one which proved a far more fruitful subject for discussion between the aunt and niece than any other. Let their conversation start from what point it liked, it always came back to that. The subject came home tbat afternoon, and not being quite perfect yet, was sent back for some trifling alteration, with a message that Miss Reynolds would try it on finally at the shop next day. So, after their early dinner on Wednesday, aunt and niece repaired to tbe milliner's in George street, when the latter declared that the bonnet was as near an approach to a work of art as you could get out of London, and the former gradually acquiesced. 'I only fear lest it should be too youthful for me,' said Aunt Sarah, as they walked under the hot sun up the hotter pavement. ' Not a bit, aunt,' replied Tiney; ' because you are not a baby, it is no reason why you should be a g—.' She was on tbe point of sayiDg ' a guy,' but the word was arrested on her lips by the appearance of a young man dressed in a straw hat and browu-holland coat, who stood suddenly before them in the otherwise deserted street. ' Allow me, madam, to present you with a programme of the amusements to-morrow,' said he, suiting the action to the word. ' And may I offer one to you V Tiney could not trust herself to speak in reply; but she bowed, and took tbe printed paper, ouce folded, and in which she knew right well there would bo a letter, as, of course, there was. She was very silent, and slightly absent during the subsequent walk home ; and when they got there, she complained of headache from the heat, and proposed laying down till tea; and she certainly locked the door of her room, which looked like napping; but appearances are deoeitful, young ladies also. The young man in straw hat aDd brownholland ooat was Henry Storer, and the note ran thus :—' Come, if possible, to the fete in Lord Ordley's park, and try to make one of the ' partial balloon ascents ' when there is no one in the car but the man in charge of it. The owner of the balloon is my friend, and I shall be that man. It is of tbe utmost importance tbat I should speak to you alone.' There was neither name nor initial at the beginning or end—nothing to compromise, in case of accidcnt, and yet all clear. Aunt Sarah was astonished at her niece's high spirits that evening and on the following morning. It seemed surprising to her that a girl who lived a good deal in London, and was used to gaiety, should be so much excited by the prospect of a oountry merry- making. Lord Ordley'stwenty-first birthday dawned bright and clear, and though clouds gathered over the sun at mid-day, they remained very high, and there was no expectation of rain. It was the hottest day of a hot weok, in spite of*the obscuration of the sun's rays. The competitors who entered for the sack racc, tho twenty-ttvo who played in tho cricket match, those who chased tbe soapy-tailed pig, and the sanguine climbers of the greasy pole—all perspired profusedly. Of course, the balloon was the great point of attraction, as it swayed slowly about in the breezeless air like a gigantic porpoise, above a wondering crowd. But though all admired, few cared to go up in it as far as the rope permitted, in spite of the earnest invitations of Captain Storer, who acted his part most conscientiously ; so that, by the time Miss Reynolds and Tiney reached tho spot, the adventurous spirits of Crocus Ordley and its neighborhood were exhausted, and there wero no more candidates for an ascent. Tiney was too cunning to hint an intention which would assuredly have met with opposition, but waited till her aunt was engaged in earnest discourse with the vicar, and then slipped quietly away, and stepped into tbe car, with the assistance of Henry Storer, who was awaiting her. ' Let go,' he cried to the men who held it and tbey rose slowly to the extent of their tether. The engineer wasted no time in making approaches in form. ' Dearest Tiney,' said he, directly they wore above the heads of the crowd,' will you marry me ?' The young lady sibillatcd modestly. ' At once ?' ' O no; that is impossible.' ' Why not! You are of ago next week, and no one can prevent it.' ' Without papa's consent! Oh, that can never be.' ' Listen to mo, Tiney, love. I have persuaded my father to write to Mr. Reynolds a full explanation of the circumstances of the affair which offended him. The construction of that wretched railway was offered to my father by mistake, and he at once asked the directors whether Mr. Reynolds.had been consulted, and declined giving a reply until that had been done. The directors will confirm this, and all will be right.* ' Then why not wait?' 'Because*-! am under orders for New Zealand, where I may be kept for years, and jnust sail before we should have time to communicate with your father aiid'. receive his reply.-. ' 0, Tiney, will you go with me as my wife ?' •'My aunt .would never consent,-and would make such.. a .fuss!—rOh dear, what & the matter'?' . ' Nothing,.dear-, est—it is only the wind-.which has suddenly, got up, and is blowing the balloon about a little. Never mind your aunt; .we will go to London, and be married in your own church; Fortunately, my lodgings are in the same parish, and there need be no delay to establish residence. You can stay with your, sister Fanny till the day you are 21—next Tuesday, is it not?' ' Yes. But, 0 dear, how the balloon does jerk at the rope.' ' Never fear, love; I will call to the men to pull us down in one moment. But just say what day you will leave this, and I will havo a carriage and post-horses'—He was arrested by a loud snap andacry.of dismay and terror from the orowd below. The rope had broken { Tiney, peeping down in terror from :the car, saw a white mass of upturned faces, amongst which she distinguished that of her aunt, who had also raised her hands, and who looked so dreadfully shocked, that even the peril of her strange situation could not prevent a slight sense of the ludicrous tinging the fears of her undutiful niece. Indeed, the idea of a fellow female sailing off into space along with a strange man, drowned all consideration of mere danger to life and limb in the breast of Aunt Sarah. Had she known-that tbe man was not strange, but an affianced lover, and an officer to boot, she would probably have beoome petrified. It was but a momentary glance that Tiney had of the orowd below, for tho balloon shot up like an arrow, while the rising breeze carried it at the same time ia a westerly direction. She turned giddy, and threw- herself down at the bottom of the car. Storer exerted himself to soothe her fears, and after a time he partially succeeded She was naturally a courageous girl, and his protection was very reassuring—she thought him such a wonderful fellow. ' At least,' said she-,-when-she had grown calmer, 'we shall die together.' ' Die! What nonsense,' cried be. 'This looks like a wonderful piece of good luck. See, the breeze is blowing us towards London. Is not that like fatality ?' ' But how are ever we to come down ?' ' Oh, balloons always come down. You don't throw out ballast, and you open the valves, and there you are.' ' Have you opened the valves ?' ' Not yet; it is not time-' ' He did not tell her tbat he had not yet found out how to do it. And then they positively spooned a little. It is my firm belief that if the future Mrs. Jonah had been swallowed with the prophet, they would have been sentimental even in that situation. But external influences soon stopped the Henry- Tiney billing; the balloon did absurd things; it rocked and rolled like a ship at sea, and then it spun like a top, so that nausea supervened. At sunset, a thunderstorm, whioh had been brewing all the afternoon, burst around them. It was very grand, but they got soaked; and dread lest the object of his affections should catch cold Bet Henry to work at trying to open the valves in real earnest. He had shirked it before, with - a natural repugnance to risking anything at such a height above the ground. It is alarming enough to pull a string when you know that nothing but a douce of water will eome of it; to perform the operation in a state of uncertainty as to what will happen, and in a balloon, must be most trying. However, Henry Storer found the strings^ and pulled them, with no worse result tban an increased tendenoy to sink, for they had been gradually coming down for some time And so, to cut the story short, about ten o'clock p.m., the balloon sank down dose- to the'ground, where it acted in a most tantalis< ing way, seemingly unable to make up its mind whether to stop on earth or take another turn in the clouds. Fortunately, the wind had moderated again, but still they went tearing over the fields, and through tree's and hedges, at a most unpleasant, and indeed dangerous pace; Storer fishing all the time with a grapnel. He tore the thatch off a rick or two, pulled down a stack of chimneys, hooked a bull (who roared rather, but got away), and then at last the apparatus got a firm hold of the framework of a conservatory, in a gentleman's garden, and the balloon was dashed with some violence to the ground, tumbling out the occupants of tbe car in a very summary way, " Are you hurt dearest?" " No, Are you ?" " Not a bit. What a to- do the balloon is making with the glass! We had better get out of this, or perhaps, they will make us pay." So they stole quietly out of the garden, leaving the balloon to manage for itself, and shortly'afterwards found a village, where they got a fly which took them to a railway station, and an up- train arriving at a' most fortunate time, Tiney slept that night at her sister Fanny's house at Bayswater. She wrote to her Aunt Sarah next day to assure her of her safety; she was shaken, she Baid, but hoped to be quite well and able to travel in a day or two. And so she was, and proved it by journeying into a state of matrimony. A couple of months later, a letter arrived from Mr. Reynolds, removing the interdiot from Henry Storer, and explaining that he himself had been wrong. It was .sent after Tiney, who was well on her way to New Zealand by tbat time. ' Really, papa, dear,' said Mrs. Storer in her reply,' it may have seemed very bad of me to forestall your consent, though I did know it would come some time. But, you see, the adventure took me so by surprise; how could one expect to be flown away with!'— Chatribers' Journal. 