VICTORIA. We have Melbourne papers to the 2nd inst. The Argus «uftu(Ltdftto8ay8:"" 51 . . very general belief that nothing The matter of the formation of a new Ministry will be done uutil after the arrival of the Panama mail, as it is expected that import * ?iB9SLr including the reply to the address of the tSl've Council, will {/received by it. Mr. Riddell however, is understood to be making progress nrmumuor80f the Assembly and 1 of the Council have, we believe, consented to Toffica The Attorney-Generalship Las, it is said offered to Mr. Macdonnell, who with the policy wkioh it is proposed to enunciate. On the same Uf.theffrWsays: It is likely that Mr. Riddell will be .prepared to take some definite course to-day, aud be in a position to announce what steps he has taken towards the formation of a ministry. The names of the gentlemen who have agreed to accept ' Ítb with him areMr. Macpherson,Mr.Bayles, and the !lT. A'Beckett, Mr. Wilson, as well as J* M, ¿ Cohen, Mr. J. T. Smith, and Mr. Macdonnell, were likewise mentioned as being likely to ioin a new administration ; but we understand that the overtures made to these gentlemen have not yet been accepted. Of the political meeting of the previous day, the Argus says: A public meeting of the supporters of the Go vernment was held last evening, in St. George's hall, for the purpose of expressing indignation at ffircuiMtánces which have led to their retire- ment from office. Resolutions were passed denouncing the interference of the Colonial Office as unconstitutional, condemning the possible dissolution of the Assembly, pledging the meet ing tome eTery exertion to increase the Minis terial majority in the event of another general Son and thanking the McCulloch Adminis Sn for their determination to "carry out the will of the people as expressed at the late eleo ]r.»Md pass the Darling grant in the Appro- priation Act. The addresses were of the kind whiol» must have become nauseatingly familiar to the frequenters of Ministerial meetings within the last two years. When Messrs. Jones and Crews had unburdened themselves, the list of speakers was reduced almost to the small fry of Colling- wood protectionist orators,who were not listened to with much apparent interest by those whose views they were supposed to advocate. The pro- motors of the meeting, however, had secured one novelty, in the person of Mr. Henderson, a gen- tleman of colour, who delivered a stump speech —inferior in point of humour to Harry Leslie's it is true, but quite as endurable as some of those which preceded it. He announced to the meet- ing that he was entitled to exercise the privileges of the franchise by virtue of his manhood, and he was received by his hearers with a degree of wirmth which showed no disposition to ques- tion his right of brotherhood. The Herald of the 2nd supplies na with the following:— A case of some interest was heard in the Dis- trict Court yesterday morning. John Hatton, carrying on business as tinsmith in Elizabeth street,was summoned by his wife, Sarah Ann Hatton, for maintenance. The complainant, who appeared to be a delicate but excitable woman, got into the witness-box and stated that she had been married to the defendant, who was her «lain, for between two and three years, and in November last they had a quarrel, arising from the fact that she took 30s. out of his pocket to buy some matting for the house, and ho put her away from the premises. Since that time he only paid her 15s. per week, which she submitted was too small a sum—she now being enciente—for her support. She also said that her child, who was about seventeen months old, had been taken from her; and when she wanted to see it a few days ago, she went to the defendant's house, and his relations would not show it to her. In her excitement she threw a stone at the windows, and smashed one of them, for which conduct her husband gave her into custody, and she was taken to the watchhouse, where she was kept all night in a cell. Mr. Hopkins called the defen dent, who said his wife's character was irreproaoh ible; that he had done as she had represented, as he found from her temper he could not live any longer with her. She was in the habit of breaking his furniture and cutting up his clothes. These statements, however, were categorically denied by the plaintiff, although she admitted that she had on one occasion cut his volunteer belt in pieces, in consequonco of some quarrel which took place between herself and Hatton. The husband went on to say that this excitability of temperament did not exhibit itself until after the birth of her first child, but since then it had grown to such an extent, that he had to call in medical attendance. The doctor told him it was not safe to leave the child with her, nor was it safe for himself to remain with Mrs. Hatton, as she was evidently suffering from soino great excitement, which required considerable care. He allowed her fifteen shillings per week, which was as much as he could afford. In answer to the Bench, he said he had refused to allow her to see the child, and now refused to say where the infant was; but upon Mr. Hackett threatening to commit him for contempt, he said the child was at Mr. Henry Bull's, Buninyong. Mr. Hackett remarked that, judg- ing from the defendant's evidence alone, there was sufficient to justify him in stating, that in his whole experience as a justice, no case of more cruel or brutal treatment ever came before him. Defendant acknowledged that his wife was without fault, save as to that excitability, which, doubtless, proceeded from the state in which she then was —a state that called for all the kindness and attention that a husband could evince, and not the heartless treatment that this woman had evidently experienced in this instance. The order of the Court was that the defendant should pay her 30s. per week for one year, with £2 2s. costs. The Yass Courier contributes the following sensational writing anent the recent murders at the Gap:—"As might have been naturally sup- posed, superstition has planted a ghost at the scene of this fearful tragedy. We mentioned in our last issue that the house in which the mur- ders were committed had been abandoned, and that the man who had taken charge of Conroy's .tap had located himself in the detached build- ing from which Mrs. Conroy had emerged on the fatal night, only to meet the same doom as her husband and others. Since then it would appear that some persons had temporarily taken up their abode in the main building, and on the first night of their sleeping there, a hand— described as heavy as that of a human creature— passed over their bodies while they lay in bed. On the second night, by the light of the fire in the place where the shepherd slept, a figure dressed in black was seen in the room where the murders were perpetrated. So alarmed were all those at the farm-house, that they have aban- doned the place, and have pitched their camp on the bank of the creek. It is supposed that as soon as the eldest son has administered to his father's effects, if the old man died intestate, he will have the good sense and discretion to pull down the whole of the buildings and consume them by fire. Such a course would propably be pandering to superstitious instincts, but as such cannot be ordinarily overcome, it would be better to adopt the course pointed out than leave such a ujonuinout of the atrocities as would re- mind pasaers-by of the scene of so such bar- barity. The prisoner Munday continues to ex hibit no remorse, and is seemingly quite rational on the subject of his past atrocious career. The medical officer of the gaol, Dr. O'Connor, is perfectly satisfied as to the culprit's sanity; but we suppose that when he is put upon his trial the jury will be directed to take evidence as to his ability to plead." The Ararat Advertiser hus^tho following show ¡uiithoneee'öityfor some speedy alteration in the land law:— It is not unlikely that numbers i/T 8oioclor8 willi this season, find consider MMiffientty in paying their rents; and con «nug the disadvantages under which they labored, they will naturally seek every possible »hig8UC0 nt tH0' lmuds of the Government. Although in some parts of the country many farmers have realised, or expect to realise, romu i»t!iive returns on their grain crops, yet there .w other places where crops were not put in, and we lemoe depended wholly on his sheep for suo ^a- The poor piicos which shoop aud wool we fetched this year will oonsidorably retard the progress of many, and placo thom in as «tugghug a position as that which they occupied J» year before. The routs of the lauds aro felt 2 numbers to he a great drag upon their ro 2*»>Ä"<1 with not a few it will be next to impossible to meet their engagements. Men who we given "ii ti,oir ^¡^ and tlmo iu tUo will"1.? improve their holdings,« conformity ,'"'tlw »wpuUtious of the existing Land Act, èffTï°rr.i'i)rioHI,ly harassed, and no doubt an ".?wlUbeinoile to prevail upon the Govoru dn¿." a0Cept iuBtallnont8 of tll° m<M>°y now lá.T°l$ col'r<)»l»udoiit of the Bendigo Adver '"..»»PPue.the following: «ttieinertiug of the Ministerial supporters held at half-past eleven o'clock to-day (Tuesday), there were about forty-five ' members present, and letters of apology for absence were road from some seven or eight others. The meeting was held at the Treasury-buildings; Mr. McCulloch in the chair. The chairman opened the proceedings by a short address, and the meeting was addressed by Messrs. Higinbotham, Reeves, McKean, Dyte, Wilson, Casey, G.V. Smith, &c.; The general tone of the speeches was in favour of non-interference with the action of the Governor in trying to obtain a new Ministry, and it was understood that there should be no opposition to the motion for ad- journment, nor any discussion upon it. An emphatic denial was given by Mr. McCulloch of the rumors that are prevalent of dissension among the members of the Ministry, and he stated that they were all united on the question before the country. Mr. Grant in the most marked manner denied the truth of the state- ment that he had consented to take office with Mr. Riddell, and Mr. Verdon followed suit. The feeling among the supporters of the McCulloch Cabinet was one of the greatest enthusiasm; and several members were anxious to have a debate on the motion for adjournment, in order that the country should be satisfied that the majority of the Assembly was still firm. The Herald says :—We have received a copy of Mr. Groves's Weather Tables for 1868. Judging from the experience of the last few days, Mr. Groves's calculations are about as correct as such things usually are. For example, yesterday was given as "strong breeze and cool," which was correct; while the previous day—a remark- ably cold day—was stated to be "strong breeze, warm." The inconvenience of the dead-lock has reached even the "common hangman," who, on applying for his fee for the execution of Whelan and Cunningham, was requested to "call again," as there were no available funds at hand to meet his claim. Dr. Mueller states that Australian gums, wattles, and blackwoods have been planted largely at Lahore and other parts of Northern India, and that they have succeeded perfectly. EXECUTION OF TWO MURDERERS (From the Argus, April 1st.) Joseph Whelan and Bernard Cunningham suffered death at the hands of the common hang- man yesterday, in the Melbourne Central Gaol, for murder. The crimes for which both the con- demned men forfeited their lives were acts of wantom atrocity, unaccompanied by any redeem- ing feature. The victim of Whelan was a res- pectable hawker named Thos. Bramley, who had for years peacefully pursued his avocation in the Rokewood district. On the 31st August last, Whelan attacked him in a lonely paddock with a revolver. He fired several shots at him, over- powered him in a desperate struggle, then beat him unmercifully about the head with the butt-end of his pistol, and after robbing him of all his valuables, left him for dead. Bramley, however, lived to iden- tify his murderer, whose guilt was proved to the satisfaction of two juries by a strong chain of circumstantial evidence. A peculiarity of the case was that no mark of blood was found upon Whelan's clothes, and that no pistol was traced to his possession. The first conviction was set aside on the ground of improper reception of evidence ; and after the prisoner had been found guilty a second time, he was twice respited, pend- ing the result of legal, objections to the convic- tion raised by his counsel. Cunningham was engaged as a farm labourer at Keilor, and on the 23rd of December last he set upon a fellow- workman, an old man of sixty, named John Fairweather, when alone with him, beat him to death with a hoe, robbed him of £1—all the money the unfortunate man possessed—and threw tho body into a neighbouring water- course. Two days after he confessed the murder. Both the condemned men, as soon as the time for their execution was finally appointed, received with the deepest attention the ministrations of the Roman Catholic clergymen who visited them, but there is reason to fear that Whelan was buoyed up to the last with hopes of a reprieve. At ten o'clock, the hour appointed for the execu- tion, Mr. Ellis, the deputy sheriff, directed the convicts to be brought from the condemned cell into the corridor, and the pinioning process was rapidly completed. Cunningham, who has never questioned the justice of his sentence, appeared perfectly tranquil and resigned, but his com- panion was visibly distressed. Before ascending the scaffold he turned to those present—a com- pany numbering about twenty persons exclusive of the gaol officials—and said it was very hard that he should have to suffer for a crime which he did not commit, asserting twice that he was innocent. It is probable that he made some kind of confession to the priest, but this will, of course, not be divulged. Cunningham made no remark. When the bolt was drawn by the hangman the body of Whelan fell an inert mass, but Cunning- ham, who was a much powerful man, was strongly convulsed for some seconds. The wretched men were attended in their last moments by the Rev. Dr. Bleasdale and the Rev. Father Lordan. Cunningham was twenty-seven years of age, and came to this colony about eight months ago. He was a native of Newry, Ireland, had served in the Confederate army, was present at the siege of Richmond, and had also been a seafaring man. Whelan was an Irish labourer, aged about thirty, who emigrated to this colony with other members of his family a few years ago, and was known as a man of somewhat eccentric habits, which occasionally assumed the form of decided hypo- chondriacism. 