ST.H STORY-TELLER. TI-- WE AIThII OF PEDBURN ; CASTEI. 'V -i~ey crepti back to her chIamle 'u.itterly zniierable2 hVhat wrtetlie veo':' johlowedl,7 'wlit Iay. 'iiitroredbten' life *Heand:'deathT !; J" ':/.^ ^ - Thie ouse W as stiil now as it b lately had been gay oRosewouldlhave gonebat her loule n .tiow? .wassliut up th est of the family bcing abioaii,' aid' since shieniut stay, Lieutenanit Varnewast irged to-.re Smain 'toi ep her company. They.h" d -"o dy tte a tetcs in the parlour, and eveiy *day Rose grew to iave a less vivid ihte rest in the ininalid up stairs At lasttliere caine6 :a-day: when RBay 'vas pronouineid outof dani iger, ",.. .. ; T ill tlhen '?ieve ahad kepft out bf hIis ight-to-day he sent for her to come to him. Bending oveir. him;, smitten to ie heart' by thli'e sight of. his wulknessaid pallor, she sobbed: : ;' . ;- . : '. O Cari you ever foogive me, Ray ?.".. "Don 't talk of- that,- darlingc- as tiongi:I could long be. angry with you,;' and then as other tendilerwoirds fell from his lips she controlled the eemotion that besieged her and said .-- .* *:-:-'" "Ray-don't.. You mustu't speak to : me so. I am promised to Lieutenant 'Vane. 'Ray-tirind'his:fahe to the wail..;:.: After a minute he said, .'This is a worse hurt than the wound. ? Theri-go away now \--".hie added; wearily. : . , - :She went. - .- ' ;:; . -':. That iight. she :w.ent down to dinner for the fist ftime since- the accident, en veloped by a :halo of such strange, isweet beauty that Lieutfenant Yane," if-he had .ever wavered from. his allegiance, was at once reinstated, -. lHe left them the next; day, escorting Rose on her homeward journey. The:days went by till they brought the bleak- Decemiber, and then Ray being sufficiently recovered, went to pass the . rest of the winter in Italy. . . \- Now and then snow came, and 'Yieve was:shut up indoors with her sad reflec tions for company Lieuitenant Yaie's; letters- came 'regu larly. 'Yieye tried haid to look forward.to her fuiture life :.with him .with interest aud houpe, but it was miserable work. he inemade her uncle comfortable and happy; ahid coinied smiles for him, but she -felt as if her heiart was breaking all the time. The village people passing along- the highway came to. know that the silent figure which haunted the castle grounds on still moonlight nights, and flitted from . their gaze into the forest depths if they * met her:by chance in the way, arid 'Yieve Redburn were one-and they all argued that the girl looked like a ghost with her mnarble white face, and great, black, gorrowful eyes. It was March when :'VYieve one day received a letter from Lieutenant Vane. She ran over its contents in a kind of incredulous. amazement. " Characters incompatible --.'' never be. happy to gether"-" trust you. will be willing to relFease me"-"-hope it will not be a dis appointment to you," &.: - : ' What could it mean ?. -: ..; Then 'Yieve readmit over again, and at ,he close sprang up with the brightest face she had shown for many a day. At last she was free! ' l ...' One terrible burden was off heir shoul ders. Quiet now, but not so sad, always gentle, but grave and still, she. went About the house, and her uncle grew. to love this new :dove-lilke sweetness as muich as he had admired her rold bril liancy. SBut something about the girl troubled him. At last he wrote to Bay : ' I am uneasy about .'Vieve. ,Was. there any entanglement with that Lieut enant Yane who was here last summer? The young man has just married R?se, Dalrymple.. Can 'Yieve be pining about him? The child frightens me. She. isn't the bright creature she used to be."' -ay read this letter one warm southern night walking along the banks of the Arno. He left .for home in the next steamer. He reached home one May evening just in the time of the apple blossoms. Spring fragrance and beauty .were everywhere, but 'Yieve had scarcely thought of it. He'came upon her in the parlour suddenly before she knew he had trrived. It was Bay-handsome, spirited, ihappy-?Ray as he was, only across his. forehead was the scar that he will always. wear. .'Yieve 'shrank away at the sight of it, her-iheart heavy with remorse-and pain. -, Buth le came up to her, clasping )er hands in his;. ...--- : . "- ' " You belonig to nobody but me ho.', *I e tried, fofiscapefiom lam m,'urmur-r '-' Oh, .ay, I amnot voitb;y 'He held her fast; ". Iowv. white and tiinihmy darling is.. And ishe glanced at the seam uipon tle ..handsome foi ehead that -was suchi- a r'eproauh to heri indhei fast coining tears: fell do0n, as if thliey bwouild efface'tie scar as her penitence had. aiready washdi away all stain from hier own soul. . And so the Wraith of Redb urn Castle haunted its grounds no more. '":: * ( Concluded.]/ 