THE WEEK'S NEWS. PA&rtr; AT "Government HcteSR.—Mrs. Hamley's first "At Home" on Thursday evening was a truly enjoyable party. %e rooms were well but not inconveniently filled, and the kind host and hostess were most "successful in providing for the comfort, of their ^guests. There was a brilliant gathering eft ladies—red coats, of course, were. numerous, and in the early part of the evening a few professionally black ones mingled in the throng. Dancing commneced at 9 o'clock, and Was kept up with the utmost spirit till morning. The Lm® Volunteer Prize Firing. — We understand that the prize-money in connection with the late volunteer prize-firing will be dis tributed Shortly. The delay which has occurred in the master is <ine, we understand, to the circum stance of all the returns not having been sent in to the Staff1 Office. The New Rifles.—The Caranjab, which sailed from London on the 12th March last, and has con sequently been 84 days out, is now expected almost daily with the 500 stand of arms (breechloaders) intended for the use of the infantry portion of the South Australian Volunteer Force. The weapons on their arrival will be subjected to rigid exami nation at the Armoury, to ascertain if they come up to the pattern, and will then, if found satisfac tory, be distributed amongst the men. .As soon as possible after the distribution, arrangements will be made for the class-firing, the infantry using the breech-loader, and the other branches of the force the ordinary weapon. Accident.—On Wednesday afternoon, June 3, an acident happened at Steelton to a man named Richard Nurse. He was engaged at work at a house in coarse of erection. One of the cross pieces of the scaffolding having slipped out of the wall the boarding gave way, and the man fell to the ground and dislocated his ancle. Dr. Clin dening was sent for, and subsequently the suf ferer was brought to Kapunda, about 23 miles distant from the scene of the accident He re mained in Eapnnda the remainder of the night, and was conveyed to the Adelaide Hospital by the first train the following morning. There it was found that the injury was of such a serious nature as to necessitate immediate ampntation of the foot at the ancle. Sudden Death.—On Wednesday evening a man named Benjamin Davis, residing on the Portland Estate, died very suddenly. Re had during the evening returned from a prayer-meeting, and was in the act of kneeling at his prayers before retiring to rest when he fell back and expired. Dr. Gething made a post-mortem examination, and gave it as his opinion that deceased had died from disease of the heart TheCoroner, therefore, did not consider it necessary to hold an inquest. Inquest.—An inquest was held by the Coroner, Mr. B. Ingleby, at the Hospital on Thursday, June 4, on the body of the male infant of a young woman, aged 19, named Lucy Jane Virgo. Mr. P. McRostie was chosen Foreman of a Jury of 15. The mother of the'child had been arrested by the detectiyes on the charge of having caused its death, and was in attendance. Her father not seeing the necessity for having legal advice, the Coroner stated thatshe could pur, or he would ask for her, any questions she might wish to the witnesses. Annie Hall, of Glenelg. widow, first exairoed, said she knew l uc.v Jane Virgo, who resided at New Glenelg with her father. Went to the house on May 27 in the afternoon. Saw Lucy, and asked her what had happened. She said. "I have had a miscarriage/' Asked her how far advanced. She said, "I think about six months." In answer to other questions she said die had taken some castor oiL No one was with her, and her father did not know anything about her deliverance, as she had made no noise -'when she was ill, which was at about 2 o'clock on Sunday morning previous. He heard her groaning later, and thought she was suffering from bowel complaint, and gave her some cholera drops. She also 6aid Mrs. Cooper bandaged her. Did not ask anything about the child, the dead body of which was shown her by Mr. Virgo. Margaret Cooper, of Glenelg, widow, said she knew Lucy Jane Virgo. Suspected she was in the family way. Was sent for on Monday, May 25. Saw her in bed, and put a bandage on her. She had no mother or sisters, and no female was living in the honse with her. James Virgo deposed that he learnt that bis daughter bad given birth to a child on May 25. Had not seen anything, but from what he bad heard had asked her. Saw her in bed. Charged her with being in the family-way. She said, "lam not." Said, "Then you have had a miscarriageand she replied that she had. and that the child was iu a box at the foot of her bed. Opened the box and found the body of the child. Scolded her for having kept the matter from him, and she wept very bitterly. Took the child, and pntit in a truck which was in a shed in the yard. Showed it to Mrs. HalL On Sunday morning; believing his daughter had taken cold, took a cup of tea to her at 7 o'clock. Had not the slightest idea slip was pregnant. Buried the child "■on Monday evening in the yard. No person was 5resent. By.the Jury—The child was dead when e saw it. His daughter told him it had been born on Sunday. Having shown the body to Mrs. Hail he did not think he was doing wrongto bury it. By the Coroner—His daughter told him the child was born at 7 o'clock on Sunday morning. Was in the adjoining room at that time and till 9 o'clock, but beard nothing that caused him to have any sus picion. The child was lying on some wearing apparel in the box. Did not know whether it was on its back or face. The navel string was round its neck. Did not hear anv child ciy. Heard his daughter make a noise as if in pain, and supposed she nad bowel complaint. There was only a slight wooden partition between the rooms. Henry Edward Harrison, House Surgeon at the Hospital, stated that he had yesterday made a post-mortem examination of the child in question. His opinion was _ that it was horn alive. The lungs were crepitant and floated in water. The body waB not very much decomposed. No air was given out by the lungB when in water, but on pressing a section between his fingers vesicles of air were given out. There was no nappearance of the umbilical cord baring been tied. There was no evidence of external injury or of internal lesion. The thorax and abdomen were healthy. It was generally usual for children at birth to cry. Should not like to say from the absence of any cry whether the child was born dead or alive. The presnmption was that it was born weakly. A child might he born and die within an hour. Imagined that the child died from neglect and exposure. A young female of the age of the mother; with her first child, and having no one with her at the time of confinement, might allow the child to die through ignorance of what should be done. There was no evidence of the child having been smothered. It was full-grown and healthy. By the father-It was an unusual thing for a child to he horn with the umbilical cord round its neck. Had delivered one that way. It would affect the life of the child if the mother had no assistance. By the Coroner— The child did not d'.e from strangulation. James Gibbison, detective, gave evidence as to his ob taining the body, and bringing it to the Hospital, and his arrest of the mother of the child. Mr. Virgo slated that the cord was three or four times round the child's neck, and that he undid it. The Coroner summed up the evidence, explained the laws of murder and manslaughter Jo the Jury in a clear and concise manner, and directed tlieir attention to the character of the verdict which they might bring in. The Jury, after a consideration of about 25 minutes, returned a verdict of " Died from natural causes," expressing their displeasure that the mother of the child should have been brought up from Glenelg in her present delicate state. The Coroner had previou ly mentioned his surprise at seein-r her in Court. Fire and Inquest at Poet Elliot.—On Friday morning about 6 o'clock the inhabitants of Port Elliot were aroused by the cry of fire. The family of Mr. B. Wallace, on getting up in the morning, discovered that a fire had broken out in the cellar, in which place was deposited a lot of blasting powder. Fortunately water was at hand, and the fire, which did not appear to have originated more than 10 minutes before the alarm, was got under before any disastrous consequences happened. From several suspicions circumstances connected with the fire it was deemed necessary to hold an inquest, which took place at the Court-House on Monday, June L before Mr. B. F. Laurie, S.M. The investigation lasted several hours. In the course of the enquiry it was elicited in evidence that Wallace's two hoys had frequently obtained powder to fire a cannon with, and it appeared that they had access to this blasting powder. One witness deposed to having seen the two boys with about 2 lbs. of powder in a tin bread tray, and that they crushed it with a stone. The Jury returned a verdict that the fire was malicious, and in all probability committed by the boys; bat there was not sufficient evidence to implicate them. The Jury wished an expression of censure given to Bobert Wallace, the father, for his carelessness in leaving blasting powder about so that children could gain access to it. Australian Horses in Ceylon.—Some ra'her uncomplimentary remarks as to the horses im ported into Ceylon from Australia are made hy the Colombo Observer of the 20th April, which con trasts unfavourably the imports from tlii3 colony with those from the Cape of Good Hope, it is said:—"The well-known Ceylon trader Frnncis arrived from the Cape on the 16th inst., bringing six well-bred hordes, besides numerous sheep and goats, which ought to find favour in our market. Two of the horses (a fine pair) belong to au im portant official member of the Civil Service, and having been landed in fine condition, we may expect soon to see them in harness on Galle Face, admired by all admirers. Another, a saddle horse. of fine raking form, is for a well-known officer of artillery, and will no doubt pull off more than one good race at our forthcoming September meeting. The remaining three are for sale, and being handsome and well-bred, offer a decided contrast to most of the mongrel misshaped brutes we get from Australia As they are brought more to try the Ceylon market than otherwise, it is to be hoped that they will fetch such prices as will induce the Cape ^people, and such enterprising shipmasters as Captain F. W. Hill, to send or fetch us more of the some sort."—Australasian. Bailway Traffic.—The traffic on the Sonth Australian railways for the week ended May 23 was:—Port Line — Passengers, 5,011; fares, £204 12s. 4d.; goods,' £220 3s. North Line Passengers, 1,411; fares, £308 0s. 5d.; goods, £532 7s. 2d. Total, £L266 2s. lid. Australian Mutual FIbvuhiiii Sogiktt.— Election o* Mb. Beilby. —The SydMyn Homing Herald of May 22 says:—"Yesterday afternoon a number of members of the Australian Mutual Provident Society attended at the Principal Offices, in Pitt-street north, to ascertain the result of the contest between Mr. K, T» Beilby and Mr. James Powell for the vacancy in the Board of Directors, caused by the resignation of Mr. Murnin. Mr. George King, the Chairman, announced the fact Hint Mr. Beilby had been elected one of the Directors by a very large majority. In thus notifying the result of the election. Mr. King read the report of the three scrutineers — Messrs. William Bray, John Bros, and Laurence Kendall— who certified that the number of votes recorded for Mr. E. T. Beilby was 10,093, and the number of votes recorded for Mr. J. Powell 2,550, Mr. Beilby was therefore declared to be elec ed. Mr. Beilby, in concise and appropriate terms, expressed his warm sense of the high honour which had been done to him by those friends who had supported him by their voies. Be could not bat feel that the record of such an unusually large number of votes in his favour had been something that was more owing to the personal kindness with which he was regarded than to any special qualifications which he might be supposed to possess for ilischarging the duties of the office. He was deeply sensible of the honour which had been done to him, and begged to assure them all that he would do his utmost to be worthy of the good opinion which had been so flatteringly manifested ip bis behalf. Mr. Beilby was then congratulated by several of his friends who were present.. In this spirited contest, the large amount of interest which has been evinced is a proof of the growing importance of the Australian Mutual Provident Society, and the daily increasing appreciation of the numerous advantages which its membership confers. The aggregate number of the members under the present management con tinues rapidly to augment as the constitution of the Society becomes more generally understood. On no previous election of this kind has such an enormous number of votes been polled as on this occasion—an election in which both parties were individually on friendly terms. The record of 12.654 votes proves the existence of a very large list of members, and a strong public interest in all that concerns its affairs. Severalhundred votes came in for both parties after the voting was closed, and are, of course, not included in report of scrutineers." At last election only about 5,000 votes were recorded; now 12,654votes show a large increase of business. South Paba Gold.—We saw on Monday some specimens of alluvial gold taken from the South Para diggings. The lot weighed 14 oz. 15 dwt., and we are informed it was obtained by two men nd a boy in one month. Fearful Suffering in the Bush.—The Dubbo Dispatch contains the following account of terrible suffering supplied by a Bourke correspondent, who writes:—"The report I to-day send yon will serve to show what a man may endure in these sterile regions. I have had many cases of hardship to record; but this of Mr. W. B. Bradley's, of the firm of Cobb & Co., is certainly one of the most fearful I have ever known. Men have wrestled' with the terrible agony and died; but since I have been on the river no one has gone through as much and lived to relate the event. I shall nothing ex tenuate or set down, but as nearly as possible tell the tale as I have gleaned it from the sufferer him self. He says:—'! started from Tanda, on the Darling, about the 9th of April last, with a buggy and two horses, for Gidyagabambo, back country. belonging to us south of the Darling—a distance of eighty miles without water. I had horses I depended on, but after going thirty miles, through the bush one of them knocked up and I had to camp. When I started I had only two bottles of water, which were now consumed. This camp I considered about 30 mileB south of Toorale; I say south, but having no- compass cannot be certain. I started next morning, one horse still very well, and went about seven miles, " when I believed myself too mush to the east Changed my course due south, or what I supposed south, and travelled 40 or 50 miles, and found myself among mountains. These mountains or high ridges, running in all sorts of forms and directions, caused me to admit that 1 was in UDknown country, and no water. The day had been very warm, and a painful sensation in the ; throat and tongue was felt; the horse was com- i pletely done; here I camped. By daybreak I was after the horses, and found they had left me : in the night; found their tracks, and with much j toil (for I had eaten nothing since I started, in ! fact hunger I never felt); followed them -for 10 miles in a N.W. direction. About 10 o'clock I came up to my best horse, the other nowhere to be seen; and being in a fainting state from thirst, opened with my knife the neck vein, and drank more than a quart of blood. This horrible draught gave me much relief, but it was voided almost as soon as taken. I here rested, being quite exhausted, my poor horse never leaving me; in fact, whenever I lay down, which I did towards the end of the journey every mile or so. he wonld stop, come back, and neigh. When I i again started I led him N.W.. the course he was going when I recovered him: this point I felt sure was nearest to the river; About 3 o'clock I found a kurragong tree, andhB well as I was able—for my knees trembled and my arms felt powerless stripped away some of its bark, which I chewed, and found the sweet moisture of much benefit in clearing my throat and tongue; and I felt con vinced should any one be in the like strait, and have strength to procure plenty of this bark, it would preserve life for a day rath or two. At 4 p.m. 1 again drank blood with exactly the same result; my poor horse Sydney, a TAS, was now literally staggering. All day it had been very hot, but at night it became quite cool, and I resolved to long-hobble my horse and follow him. The reason of my hobbling him was that, weak as he was, he could outwalk me, and even then I had to follow the sound of the chains. After going about six miles thus he started into a reeling canter, and stopped in a dry creek called Mul ranya. Here I knew where I was, and followed him to Marrandina and lay down. When I again started the horse was gone. Ten miles had now to begotover. which took me aboutseven hours, when I reached one of my own tanks at Nulltrania, 15 miles from the Darling, where I had sheep. The horse Sydney likewise found the tank, drank, rolled, and died; the other horse got in the next day, and, plunging headlong into the water, was drowned.'" The Life of a Woman Saved bt two Cows. The Queaiibeyan Age contains the following ac count of a remarkable occurrence, if the statement be true:—"Airs, E. O. Evans was attacked by an infuriated milch cow late on Friday night, the 10th May, and we have learned the following facts con nected with the case:—" When the cow attacked Mrs. Evans no one was present but two of her children, on whose statement we have to rely for the veracity of the very interesting incidents about to be narrated. In rnshing on her victim the cow, missing to strike with ber horn a brought ber poll flat in contact with her victim's chest, striking her to the ground, fixing her there between her horns. Mrs. Evans recollects nothing from this time until she was safe in a neighbour's house, for she im mediately fainted. But the children, who thought their mother was dead, say that while holding her to the ground, in the manner already described, the cow kept bellowing furiously and pawing her victim. Her roars attracted the attention of two quiet milkers wbich were grazing on the hill near by, and these immediately came full canter to the scene, and. what is so worthy of remark, appearing to recognise an old friend in the form of the prostrate woman, unitedly attacked and drove off the aggressor, and, taking up a position on either side of the unfortunate sufferer, nobly kept the offend ing cow at hay. Meanwhile, as if sympathizing with their injured mistress, these friendly brutes kept their post and continued to smell and lick ber features. Many times did the angry cow attempt to renew her assault, and as many times was sne repelled hy Mrs. Evans's defenders. Tired of waiting, the mischievous brute at length made off. leaving the others masters of the position. Pre sently Mrs. Evans partially recovered her con sciousness, and, rising from between her faithful guardians, was joined by her weeping children, and made off in the direction of the Monaro-road. Her little ones, thinking she was going /or aid, reminded her that noone lived in that direction, and led her in the direction of Mr. McDonald's, where only she sufficiently recovered her consciousness to know where she was, and understand what she had passed through. There can be little doubt that Airs. Evans owes the preservation of her life to the sagacity of her kindly milkers." Country Foundries.—The Mount Gam bier Standard has the following paragraphAn Adelaide contemporary has been publishing an account of the numerous iron foundries in this colony. He has, however—almost wilfully one would think, considering the well-known impor tance of Mount Gamhier—omitted all mention of the fact that we have had an iron and brass foundry in operation here for several years past, the pro prietor being Mr. Cbas. Clark. It is also very well known that Mr. VV. Williams has just started j another foundry at Mount Gambier." The account published in the Register referred exclusively to iron foundries in Adelaide; but we hope to be able at some future time to supplement it with descriptions of country foundries, of which there are several. The Lath Me. Jury.—The Collector of Cus toms has received a letter from an eminent legal firm in Melbourne, requesting him to furnish the address of the late Mr. Jury, who, it will be remembered, accidentally shot himself some time since, whilst on guard at the Stockade. Had he been living, he was required for the purpose of giving evidence in the famous Tichboume baro netcy case. City Council.—The usual meeting of the Cor poration took place on Monday, June 1. No busi ness of importance was transacted. Mr. G. W. Cole's appointment as Valuator for the ensuing year was confirmed. Vital Statistics.—The number of births and deaths registered in the District of Adelaide during the week ended Saturday, May 30, were:—Births. 26 males, 32 females; deaths, 21 males, 9 females. Total, 53 births, 30 deaths. Excess of births, 28. Sporting Match.—At the close of the race for the Ladies' Purse on Friday, May 29, at the Gawler and Willaston Races, a match, was made between Mr. W. G. Morris's Darkie and Mr. O. Adcock's Corsair for £l< 0, weight for age. Mr. John McEwen, of Gawler, backing Darkie. Mr. R. Holland was appointed stakeholder. It was arranged that the match should come off on the 24th June next, on either the Willaston course or old Adelaide Race course, as may be hereafter determined. The Adelaide Hospital.—Dr. Harrison, who hag {or some time held the post of Assistant House Surgeon at the Adelaide Hospital, has been pro moted to. the Senior House Surgeoncy, rendered vacant by the resignation of Dr. Corbin, his salary hginp £400. The office of Junior or Assistant House Surgeon, which is to have a salary of £300 attached to it for the future, has been offered to Dr. Bees, of Melbourne, who has accepted it. Seven or eight applications were, we believe, sent in for the situation of Senior House Surgeon. 1)r. W. Carey Bees.—Dr. Bees, the newly- j appointed junior medical officer at the Hospital, is son of the Ber. D. Bees, Baptist minister, at present in South Australia. He has been educated at the Melbourne University, and was the first medical student who obtained the degree of M.B. in Victoria. A list of his exhibitions and honours has been published in the London Freeman in the letter of its Melbourne correspondent, and these we now extract:—"W. Carey Bees, M.B., 1863; first year. Medical Course; (1) Exhibition for chemistry, mineralogy, and practical chemistry. Second-Class Honours, 1861; Arts Course; (2) Exhibition for mineralogy, comparative anatomy, and zoology. Medical Course; (3) Exhibition for descriptive and surgical anatomy, &c.;, &c.; First Class Honours, 1865; (4) Exhibition for general anatomy and pathology, descriptive and surgical anatomy and surgery. &c.; first-Class Honours, 1866; (5) Exhibition for proficiency in the theory and practice of medicine, obstetric medicine, &c..; &c.;, &c.; First-Class Honours, 1867; Scholarship; First-Class Honours; Degree M.B. In all, five Exhibitions of £30 each m money, and Scholar ship £90; besides books awarded to First-Class Honours." A large number of testimonials were received by Dr. Bees, principally from medical with the Melbourne Hospital. men connected There are others, however, from the late Dr. Fades and from Professor Halford. Dr. Bees has been for some time connected with the Hospital in Melbourne, but on account of a decision of the Board of Management, dismissing Dr. Maloney, one of the medical officers of that Institution, for having, in contravention of a disused Ijile, absented himself on certain occasions frbftr**feh£ .Hospital, although it was proved that no injury had resulted from such ab sence, he sent in Ms resignation, feeling that the point at issue was one wMch affected himself personally. The Geelong Advcrtiser-a correspondent comments on the case thus: The Committee of Management of the Melbourne Hospital held their usual weekly meeting this afternoon (May 26), Sir James Palmer in the chair. A letter was read, written , by Dr. P.ees, and ad dressed to the Committer, in which that gentleman resigned his appointment of; Assistant Medical Surgeon to the Hospital, for the reason that as he had been equally guilty with Dr. Maloney in absenting himself from the Hospital he ought to share innis punishment. A long discussion took place as to whether the letter should be received, and Dr. Gilbee and others argued that Mr. Bees should be allowed time for reflection, so that be might withdraw his resignation, which he thought had been sent in without due consideration. Dr. Barker spoke very highly of the professional abilities of Drs. Maloney and Bees, and wished that a further postponement in the final decision with respect to their position in the Hospital might take place. It was also suggested to suspend the rules, so that the recent judgment might be reversed; bat the Chairman stated that suggestion could not be adopted, as a notice of three months was necessary before any rule could be suspended. An amicable wish for a compromise was also pro posed by Dr. Barker and others, but met with little response from the lay members of the Com mittee. Finally it was proposed by Mr. Donovan that Mr. Bees should be called into the Committee room to give him an opportunity of explaining his reasons for resigning, and to withdraw his letter if he thought proper. This amendment was ne gatived. six voting for it and eight against it. Mr. Geo. Harker then proposed that the further con sideration of the letter of resignation shonld be postponed for one week. This was carried by 7 to 3. The indignation in the public mind at the con duct of the Committee of the Melbourne Hospital in summarily dismissing from his office a gentle man whose onlv fault consisted in his having trans- i greBsed an effete regulation continues unabated, but in proportion as this feeling obtains the Com mittee themselves appear to be more recklessly bent npon persisting m their ill-doing. At the meeting on Tuesday the feeling manifested was i one of almost ludicrous vindictiveness. Some of the gentlemen seemed ready to fight with their own shadows rather than not fight with something or somebody. One irritable individual insisted that the newspapers had reported him, and that 'by George, Sir,' he would move that Kelt reporters be excluded, 'if this kind of thing was to go on, you know.' But as he did not mention any single particular in which he had been re ported, but struck out in a general way at reporters in the mass, it is a little confusing to know how to remove his grievance. The honorary staff met on Monday, and forwarded to the Committee a com munication. recommending the reconsideration of .their decision, but this, as a matter of course, was disregarded. The only approach to conciliation consisted in a suggestion to Dr. Bees to withdraw his resignation, and to consent to be fined a month's salary, though why he was to be fined nobody seemed to know. If the subscribers do not speedily meet together, and send the Committee of this fine charity at once to Coventry, the charity itself is "doomed, and no wonder!" Mb. Walter Montgomery.—The Australasian says:—"We are happy to learn that Mr. Walter Montgomery, in the most liberal manner, has con sented to give two- thirds of the proceeds of three nights' readings, at St. George's Hall, the week after next — namely, on Monday, Tuesday, and Wednesday, June 1st, 2nd, and 3rd—to the funds of that most deserving charity, the Society for the Belief of the Educated Poor, the importance of whose functions has been of late so prominently made manifest. He will also give a similar pro portion of the proceeds of the remaining three nights in the week to the funds of the Melbourne Hospital. As this will in all pro bability be the last opportunity the public will enjoy of listening to Mr. Montgomery's exquisite delivery of the great thoughts of our best poets and dramatists, it can hardly happen other than that there will be a crowded attendance on these occasions, especially when the cause of bene volence can be so largely advanced at the same time. It is probable that after Mr. Montgomery has fulfilled a short engagement at Ballarat ne will appear again for a few nights in this city at the Theatre Royal. He will then proceed to Adelaide to complete an engagement with Mr. Coppin, and will proceed thence to Europe, where the news of his deserved success in these colonies has excited much interest, and where there, is little doubt he will be received with all the additional welcome in consideration of his brilliant career at the antipodes. Mr. Montgomery has also received a liberal offer for a two years' engagement in America by a well-known theatrical manager in these colonies; and in the event of his accepting this, he will at its termination come round to Aus tralia again. At least, therefore, three or four years must elapse before we are likely to have him once more in Melbourne, so that the opportunity o' hearing hi6 recitals on the occasions just named will not soon again present itself." The Victorian Ministry.—The Argus declares that there is no truth in the report that Mr. O'Grady has resigned his position in the Ministry and states that it is extremely probable that seats in the Legislative Assembly will be found for both Mr. O'Grady and Mr. Gillies. The Law op Libel.—On this subject the Australasian thus discourses:—" It is very evident that some change is necessary in the law of libel as it affects newspapers in the Australian Colonies. We do not claim for the Press the right to attack or even comment upon the private character of any individual, unless by his public actions he gives evidence of gross immorality, and he himself becomes an offence to the community. As, how ever, the law at present stands, it at times becomes dangerous to report even the public proceedings of public bodies. Our last Hew Zealand files contain the report of a case in which the proprietors of the Otago Daily Times were cast in £250 damages for publishing a report reflecting on the ability of a schoolmaster which was read at the meeting of a Board of Education. The report was at any rate a semi-official one. It was scarcely pre tended, save in a legal sense, that there was any malice in its publication; it was given in the ordinary way by the gentleman who reported the meeting; it was a matter of considerable interest, and it was for the advantage of the public that it should not he suppressed. Yet, because the paper fulfilled what clearly appears to have been its duty, the proprietors have been mulcted in heavy damages, besides having to pay still heavier law costs. Newspaper proprietors are not even pro tected in publishing the proceedings of Parliament. Members may talk libels as long as they please with impunity, and the law holds them harmless, but if by accident one of these libels should creep into the report of the proceedings, then the newspaper becomes liable. This is scarcely fair, and in Ens'and the anomaly has been rectified. There the Press is protected iu reporting Parlia ment, and it is quite time that a like change was made in the law in tne colonies, indeed, we think the protection should be extended to the publication of the reports of all public bodies, save where distinct malice can be clearly shown, in Adelaide, during the week, the proprietor of the Satirist has been sentenced to a fine of £100, and one year's imprisonment, with hard labour, for libel. This case, however, is entirely different from those to which we have referred. A gross falsehood, calumniating the private characters of several gentlemen, was published, apparently without the slightest foundation, and if papers of the Satirist tribe choose to indulge in such amuse ments. they must, of course, be content to pay the penalty." The Argus, allu 'ing to the case of the iSatirist, says—"So paper having the least care for its reputation would bring so scandalous a charge against persons who had hitherto borne an irre proachable character, without having, by the most searching investigation, become thoroughly con vinced of the accuracy of the whole of the circumstances alleged to have taken place. So far from this precaution having been taken, it appears from the evidence adduced at the trial that the Editor of the paper cired very little whether the accusation contained in the paper was correct or not, for one of the witnesses for the plaintiff deposed that he had told the defendant before the publication of the article referred to that the statements contained in it were absolutely false. No excuse can of course he made for the publication of such an infamous libel, and the defendant, who in this case happens'to be the Editor, printer, and publisher of the paper impli cated, cannot complain of the punishment which has overtaken him," _ Civil SimNGS.—The following is the cause list for the Civil Bittings, which are to be presided over by His Honor the Chief Justice;— n Tuesday, Juke 9. Brace—1. Clark and Another v. Forbes—Brook. Brace—2. Acraman and Others v. Kiiiger—Whitby. Brace—3. Bank of Adelaide v. Bhannon and Others—Robinson. Wednesday, June 10. Strang ways—4. Ashmeade v. Mais—Bakewell. Daly—5. Ryan v. Gibbs—Scott . , . Whitby—6. Clarke and Another v. Chamberlain— Thursday, June 11. Bruce—7. Wiles v. Sowton—Brook. Mann—8. Young v. Ashby—Parker. Friday, June 12. Brook—9. Bean v. South Australian Insurance Company—Labatt (Special Jury). Bruce—10. Cherry and Another v. Rankin e—Brook. Wigley—1L Cherry v. National Bank—Daly. Tuesday, June 16. Burton—12. Leake v. Sutherland—Brook. Roman Catholic Festival on Whit Monday at Gawleb.—A correspondent has sent lis the followingThe holidays of last week, including the Queen's birthday and two days" horse racing; would have left us without any celebration of one of the most ancient holidays of the Christian Church, but for the considerate recognition of it by the worthy and much-esteemed pastor of the Soman Catholic body, Father Reynolds, who planned in a spirit of great liberality a day's enjoyment for the younger branches of his flock on Whit Monday. Early on Monday morning the flag of the Gawler Young Men's Society was seen waving on the breezv summit of Church Hill, near the Presbytery, and at 10 o'clock nine wagons with sundry lighter conveyances and a small squadron of horsemen were assembled at the spot, the former freighted with the children and teachers of the "Christian DoctrineConfratemity," with sundry assistants to the number of 200, of whom! 35 were joyous juveniles. After singing the "Hymnof the Confraternity" and "The Bong of Australia," the whole started in procession for Mr. James Eain's farm, about four miles down me Gawler River, the beautiful banner of the Confraternity with its motto Oportet nos in Cruce gloriam leading the way, and national flags gracing other parts of the cavalcade. The catechumens who had been admitted to baptism at Easter were, according to the early usage of the Church, habited in whiter "as emblematic or the spiritual purity wh<ch the rite of baptism is supposed to confer;" and hence, according to the best etymology, the name Dominica Alba, or White Sunday, the Jewish Feast of Pentecost, when the Apostles were "baptized with the Holy Ghost and with fire," and began their ministry by baptizing 3,000 persons. In early times Easter and Whitsun Eve were specially set apart for the cere mony of baptism, and an ancient manuscript homily in the Harleian collection informs us that —"In the begynnyng of Holy Chirch all the children weren kept to be crystened en this even at the font-hallowing; but now, for enchesone that in so long abydynge they might dye without crystendome, therefore Holy Chirch ordeyneth to crysten at all times cf the yeare; save eyght dayes before these evenyns the chylde shalle abyde till the font- hallowing, if it may savely, for perrill of death, or ells not." The readers of Strutt, Brady, or Brand will be aware that in process of time this solemn season of the Church was converted by the vulgar among our forefathers into one of excess and intemperance, forming a striking contrast to the pleasing and rational commemoration of it under description. Arrived at Buncrana Park, the sylvan farm of Mr. Rain, which was rendered more than usually nicturesaue and attractive by numerous flags waving welcome, the young among the visitors betook themselves to various sports and exercises, while the elderly portion were engaged in spreading tables with most abundant fare, brewing the cup that cheers without alloy, carving poultry for appetites too delicate for "beef, ham, &c.;, and getting ready sweets for a dessert, all provided by their generous pastor, whose attentions throughout the day to his flock were indefatigable. Music, vocal and in strumental, occasionally enlivened the hours which passed rapidiy over one of the most delightful of our autumnal days. I should mention on entering the grounds the Confraternity sang Cardinal Wiseman's beautiful ode "Gfod bless the Pope," and in leaving at 4 o'clock they sang the "Song of Australia" and the National Anthem, giving cheers for Mr. Kain. The party, after a day of enjoyment without the least draw back, reached the Presbytery at sunset, where they sang the .evening hymn, concluding with cheers for the Qneen, Pope, the worthy pastor, and the teachers. A quantity of the broken victuals was'consiilerately distributed the following morning among the poor of St. Peter's and St. Paul's con gregation. The Confraternity has for President the Rev. Father Reynolds; Vice-President. Mr. L. Purcell, Jan.; Secretary, Mr. James Callagan, its object being the imparting religious instruc tion to the young on the Sabbath afternoons,-and it is but justice to their zealous teachers and catechists on my part (not being of their com munion) to testify to the moral and socially bene ficial influence among the young of so judicious an institution. The Gawler Ranges.—The Superintendent of Telegraphs has favoured us with the subjoined telegram from Port Augusta:—"Mr. Sullivan is just in from Nonning, Gawler Ranges. He says that there had been slight showers, but not enough to fill dams as reported." Hands Titles Office.—The following is a com parative statement of the transactions in the Lands Titles Office during the months of May, 1867 and Applications ... ... Transfers - ... " ... Mortgages ... Leases Transfers of mortgages Discharges Powers of attorney Caveats... Encumbrances Transfers of leases ... Surrenders of leases ... Declaration of trust ... Licences Transmissions Withdrawals of caveat Writs Order of Court Certificates of death ... Certificates of marriage 1867. 1868. .. 107 77 .. 166 153 .. 160 199 .. 36 20 .. 9 10 .. 91 9tf „ — 1 9 3 2 3 .. 3 6 .. 15 4 .. 1 1 .. 2 ? .. 3 24 .. 6 1 .. 2 1 1 ? 1 2 .. — 1 .. 613 602 Totals ______ Fees of office ...v - ...£64315s. 4d. £56715s. 6d. Value of land brought under Act £89.430 £56,184 The Fab North.—Letters this week report that no rain has fallen in the Far North, although the need for-it is beginning to be greatly felt; • ^ . Wallaroo and Redruth Gaols.—The two turnkeys of the Wallaroo and Redruth Gaols re spectively have been made to exchange places, the late turnkey of the Wallaroo Gaol having been appointed to the turnkeyship of the Redruth Gaol, whilst the turnkey of that gaol is required to fill the vacant office in the Wallaroo GaoL—Wallaroo Times. Mb. Dahlke's Filter.—A number of gentle men attended at the old Telegraph Station, Port Adelaide, on Tuesday, to witness the trial of Mr. Dahlke's filter for salt water. Up to a certain point the experiment was satisfactory; but the breakage of one of the slab slates jost when the process was about to be completed offered an un expected vent for the water, and destroyed the value of the test. Steps are to be taken to have a fresh trial made shortly. Philosophical Society.- At the 148th meeting of the Philosophical Society, held on Tuesday evening at the Institute, a paper was read on the "Proposed Assimilation of the Coins, Weights, and Measures of all Nations." The particulars will be found in another column. Vebtelli's Feats.—The announcement that Vertelli would make a "terrific ascent" iu the grounds of the Exhibition Building, on Tuesday evening, June 2, drew a crowd of about 800 per. sons to that place on the evening named. At half past 8, Vertelli, in acrobatic costume; with his balancing pole tipped with coloured fires, ascended a half-inch wire rope that was stretched at a height of 30 or 40 feet between <two gum-trees to the south of the building, distant about 120 feet from each other, and traversed its length. He then returned backward the greater part of the way, balancing himself gracefully, and went to and fro once more in the ordinary manner. His progress was watched with great interest by the spectators, who were not chary of their applause. Mr. Knight exhibited yarious coloured fixes during the performance. Most of those present then adjourned to the building, and were gratified or teriificd by a succession of daring feats by a young man of the Gymnastic Company on a trapeze suspended at a considerable height. Vertelli next showed his capabilities to fly " d la Leotard."- equally as well as to walk in the style of Blondin, and achieved much success, throwing himself many times from one trapeze to another, and yet a third, which wa3 120 feet from the first, in several positions. Some . balancing on the horizontal bar concluded the en- i tertainment. ! Gigantic Fossil Remains at Koobenga.— Elsewhere particulars are furnished by Mr. M. MacDermot, S.M., and also by our Burra correspon dent, of a discovery made by Captain Uregor of the remains of an enormous animaL Amongst the bones discovered is a part of the lower jaw of a monster, as may be judged by the fact that the teeth measure two and a half inches across the surface, or we may say square, the measurement being the same each way. The teeth are em bedded in the jawbone five; inches, and are two inches long, making teeth seven inches in length, capable of doing justice to any resisting substance supposing the jawbones were sufficiently strong to give purchase, which seems highly probable, as we are assured that merely a fragment af the jaw measured about a foot. Probably, as these relics of a long forgotten past were found in the bed of a creek, which during the winter seasons is some what of a montain torrent, other portions may have been washed away; but, as ojir .correspon dents urge, the search in the interests of science is worth making, and may result in adding to our ! stock of knowledge. Both thewriters having seen the specimens, and being well acquainted with the locality, we refer our readers to the letters in another column. Allen's Cask.—Mr. Bagot applied to tbe Supreme Court on Tuesday, June 2, for a habeas corpus to bring up George Massey Allen, on the ground that the sentence was illegal, he having been sentenced to hard labour when the Act did not empower it. The Court refused the applica tion, considering that the proper course to have been adopted would have be;n to apply to the Judge for the point to be reserved or the error corrected, if he saw the sentence to be erroneous. Mr. Justice Wearing stated at the conclusion of the argument that he had obtained a remission of the sentence so far as the hard labour was con cerned. An Action fob Libel.—The Argus beats in the following nonchalant way a threatened action of libel:—" We have received a letter from the solicitors of Mr. John Moffatt, demanding an apology for an alleged libel contained in our second leading article of Tuesday last. In reply we beg to state that we have no apology to offer. Our com ments on the case of Bateman v. Moffat were made in the interests of the public, and were in our opinion fully justified by the evidence given in Court. We have therefore nothing further to do than to refer Mr. Mofiaf to onr solicitor." Assault on the Editob of the Mount Gahbieb " Standard."—From the report of the trial furnished by our correspondent, and inserted in another column, it will be seen that this affair is at last settled. As the matter has appeared before our readers invarious forms—Police andLoeal Court reports, telegrams, letters, newspaper para graphs, &c.;—we may now sum up the results. In the first instance the case Carey v. Sutherland, for assault, was heard at tbe Police Court before local Justices, who, having heard evidence, committed defendant to the Local Court of Full Jurisdiction, Criminal. Mr. Sutherland subsequently applied that the case might be delayed till the arrival of the Special. Magistrate, then absent from the district. Upon Mr. Brown's return a cross information, some time before laid by Sutherland against Carey, was then adjudicated upon, the case being dismissed, and Mr. Sutherland ordered to pay costs. The remanded case of Carey v. Sutherland has since been tried before Messrs. J. S. Browne, S.M., H. E. Wells, J.P., and W. A. Crouch, J.P., and after the evidence had been again gone over, Mr. Sutherland, who conducted his own case, had addressed the Court, and Mr. Burton, who acted for plaintiff, had followed, the Bench retired, and then returned, intimating that they considered a violent assault had been clearly proved, and that the highest penalty, a fine of £20, would be inflicted. Accident at Gawleb.—An accident occurred in Murray-street on Thursday, the 28th instant, by which a man named Evans, living in Gawler South, and in the employ of Messrs* Bounsevel and Co., was seriously hurt. He was taking a | load of flour to the station and riding on the bags when they slipped to the ground, precipitating him down with them. The horses at once bolted, and] the wheels of the dray passed over the unfortunate man's leg, bruising it very severely, but, it is hoped, not breaking any hone. He wa3 also bruised a good deal about the head, and we under stand it is not yet possible to say what amount of injury he has sustained. Dr. Popham was called in, and he dressed the wounds and rendered the necessary medical assistance.—Biinyip. Football.—The return match between the Old Collegian and other members of the Adelaide Football Club was played on Saturday, May 30, on the North Park Land?. Messrs. H. D. O'Halloran and W. Samson acted as captains of the respective teams, and Mr. W. Gooch and Mr. EL Sparks were appointed umpires in case of disputes arising. Play was commenced soon after 3 o'clock, and con tinued till after sundown, only one goal being made during the afternoon, and that by the pinks (the Colleg ans wearing blue). A portion of the I Regimental Band was on the ground, and there was a large and "fashionable attendance of specta tors. There were any number of tumbles, as usual, during the game, and we regret to say tbe secretary. Mr. C. C. Cornish, sustained rather an awkward cut over one of his eyes, though not of a serious nature. An Accession to the Australian Stage.— The Argus says:—"Mrs. Florence Williams, the lady who is to make her first appearance before an Australian audience at the Duke of Edinburgh Theatre on Saturday night next, is an Italian by birth, and the daughter of Mr. G. P. B. James, the well-known novelist. She resided during many years of her life at Florence, where Mr. James, as is well known, was consul. She has latterly resided in America, where she became connected with the stage, and where she married. She has never played in public in Europe, but as an amateur she had much experience, and in this way she acquired that passion for the art which circumstances eventually determined her upon adopting as her profession. The educational and social advantages she has enjoyed afford reason for anticipating that in her the Melbourne stage will gain a valuable addition to its resources." Gawleb and Willaston Races.—The second and last day's events of the Gawler and Willaston Races came off on Friday, May 29. The weather was favourable, but the attendance was very mode rate. The Ladies' Purse was won by Mr. T. Ryan's Regalia; Mr. O. Adcock's Corsair Becond. The Selling Stakes were carried -off by Mr. W. H. Formby's NaijiNar Goon; Mr. J. Harvey's Ada being second. ^the Hurryskurry, which wound up the proceedings, was won after a fine race by Mr. E. Martin's Lady. Amateur Athletic Club.—A meeting of the Amateur Athletic Club was held on Friday even May 29; Mr. Pope in the chair. The Hon. Secre tary (Mr. Malcolm) read the report, from which it appeared that the Club had progressed very favourably. The following gentlemen had become .honorary membersHon. EL Ayers, £5 ba.; Mr. W. Townsend, M.P., £2 2s.; Mr. P. B. Coglin, Hon. W. Milne, Mr. R. L Stow, Mr. E. K. Horn, Mr. W. S. Douglas, Mr. R. Holland, Mr. J. Cham bers, Mr. L. Barnard, Mr. H. H. Turton, Mr. A. J. Baker (£1 Is. ea;h). There were 10 to 50 working members. Two meetings had been held. It was proposed to hold the next meeting in August. The Treasurer's statement showed a balance to the credit of the Cliib of £6 6s. Id., and when the balance of subscriptions is got in there will be £10 as a credit .balance. The total receipts had been £83 5s., and the expenditure £86 18s. lid. The prizes at the first meeting amounted to £23 16s., and at the second meeting to £13 13s.. and the expenses of plant had been £13 2s. 91. The report was adopted. A vote of thanks to the Committee was passed. The following officers were elected:— Hon. Secretary, Mr. Wm. Milne, jun.; Treasurer, Mr. Sparks; Committee, Messrs. A. Malcolm. T. Horn, and W. Samson. Thirteen members were duly elected. A rule was passed that all members be admitted free to stand within the enclosure at any meeting on production of a ticket. The race-list for the August meeting was then considered, and the following resolutions were adopted:—" L That two races be open to the colony—the quarter of a mile flat race, and the 220 yards hurdle race." "2. That for these races the entrance-fee of strangers be double that of members of the Club." "3. That the prizes be not money; but that the Committee select what tbey think fit." "4. That a belt be the prize for the Champion Race of 109 yards, to be won by a member twice out of three meetings before it becomes finally his." "5. Prizes to be distributed at the conclusion of the sports by a lady." A vote of thanks to the Chairman closed the proceedings.— Communicated. St. Paul's Literary Society.—On Friday. May 29, the first half-yearly soiree of the above Society was held at Pulteney-street Schoolroom The attendance was extremely good, the building being completely filled. The chair was occupied, by Mr. Neville Blyth, M.P., who read a letter from the Rev. Cauon Russell, expressing sympathy with his old friends in Adelaide, and de scribing the incidents of his voyage home The entertainment commenced with an overture on the piano by a gentleman amateur, and one of the most successful pieces in the first part was a portion of a dialogue from the "Rivals." and a scene from Pickwick, "Bob Sawyer's Evening Party." The second part commenced with an address by Mr. R. Baker on •'Electricity," which he illustratedby experiments. The remainder of the dialogue from " The Rivals" was then given. A duet by youthful singers— " Beautiful Moonlight"—followed. The " German Band" was vociferously encored, and the "Cures" was very well rendered. The entertainment closed at a much too late hour with the National Anthem. Shipping Eecobd.— We have received from Platte & Co. a copy of J. Seafoid Gordon's Ship ping Record, containing the names, rig, tonnage, classification, owners, and place of building of all vessels registered at the ports of Victoria, as well as of steamers registered at the port of Sydney. It is in the form of a cardboard broadsheet, and will prove a very useful appendage to the reference records of merchants' offices. There is a great deal of information compressed into small space, and a large amount of care has evidently been exercised in its compilation. Supreme Coubt.— The Full Court sat on Tues day, June 2, wheu a long argument took place as to the power of the Commissioner of Insolvency to set aside in effect the deed of assignment in the case of P. Levi & Co., judgment being reserved. Several other matters were dealt with, and the Court adjourned. The Civil Sittings.—The Civil Sittings com mence on Tuesday, the 9th inst. Amongst the cases on the list is one of Ashmead v. Mais (Engineer-in-Chief) for illegal arrest and im prisonment, The damages are, we believe, laid at £100. Taskanian Papers.—We are indebted to Captain Anderson, of the Daniel Watson, for several Hobart Town newspapers. The arrival of the steamers from Melbourne has anticipated the dates. The Fas North.—A gentleman, writing from a station near Moolooloe, on May 30, says—'" The weather is dry, bnt very heavy frosts faH at night. The dayB are mostly warm and pleasant, bnt the nights are, of course, cold." j Central Boas Board.—At the meeting of the 1 Central Road Board on Tuesdays large amount of routine business was transacted. A lengthy dis cussion took place respecting payment of members' travelling expenses; but no resolution was arrived at in reference thereto. A special report of Messrs. McEwin and Kelly, who had lately visited the Mannum-road, was adopted, and the road ordered to be proceeded with as soon as possible. _ The Skating Risk.—We are informed that the •rink at Hines's Assembly Booms has found suffi cient encouragement to induce an extension of the season. The prices, too, are considerably reduced, and additional facilities provided for learners. The Moonta Mines.—The subjoined letter, contradicting statements of the Wallaroo Times' correspondent, appears in the issue of May 27:— " Sir—My attention has been called to a statement in your issue of the 20th instant, representing that at the Moonta Mines the thorough practical miner is unable to earn more than the merest novice, good men are not allowed to choose their own mates, &c.;, &c.; I beg to give that statement an unqualified denial, and affirm that good miners have every opportunity of earning their fair pro portionate wages, and that in no case has there been any interference with the miners' selection of their mates.-1 am. Sir, &c.;, T. F. McCoull, Secretary. Moonta Mines Office, Adelaide, May 25,1868." Hard Times at Moonta.—Having alreadygiven several paragraphs from the Wallaroo Times upon the depression existing on the Peninsula, and as we recently extracted a letter from the Secretary of the Moonta Mining Company in explanation, we now subjoin two letters appearing in that paper of June 3. The second we may remark is signed by all the hotelkeepers at Moonta:— "Hard Times at Moonta.—Sir—A paragraph in your last issue states that times are not so bad at Moonta as they are supposed to be, and that the average earnings of the men for some time has been 34s. per week. Not having tbe right of private enttes to the books of the Company I am not in a position to dispute the statement, but 1 should 'like to know, you know,' if the heavy salaries of the dozen captains and cleiks employed are included iu that average. Belative to the tributer handing over £17 to a publican to take care of, that is quite possible; it is also possible for a tributer to work for 12 months and not earn more than his subsist, as it is a case of no ore no money. Other circumstances which you imagine bear you oat in your statement is the fact of one or two miners passing £5 and £10 notes in mistake for ones at the last pay-day; hut 1 should remind you that the said pay-day comes only once in eight or nine weeks, and suie y out of the great number of hands employed a few would be likely enough to have the handling of a £5 or a £10 note for a short time; but no doubt if the error had not been dis covered the butcher and storekeeper would have to bear the lose. Since my residence in South Aus tralia, some 20 years, 1 have seen notes for an equal amount in the lianas of individual blackfellows, whilst others at the same time have been half dead for the want of tucker. Again, yon say the Blin man Company were unable to engage a single miner at Moonta. I will explain the reason—there are very few men employed in the mine able to bear the loss of time and money it would take to reach the Blinman, most of the moneyed miners having akeady cleared out for the Queensland mines. Again, the wages ( 8s. per week) at the Blinman, is no better to a man with a family than 35s. here. You also fancy that in the 'Country called Cornwall, near England,' it would be a rare event for a miner to take £17 at one time. Granted, Mr. Editor; but perhaps you will allow me to do a little in the fancy line as well I fancy it would also be a rare event in the ' Country called Cornwall, rear England.' if a miner was called upon to pay 6d. or a Is. for a cabbage, or 3d. all at one time for a newspaper similar to the Wallaroo Times, hi conclusion, I can assure you that I know instances of men working in tne Moonta Mines for a length of time, and not able to earn, a livelihood, and if it had not been for a little . cash which they had saved in happier times in other parts of the colony would have to do without some of the necessaries of life, or otherwise help to swell the trades men's had debts. By inserting this in your next you will oblige.—I am. Sir. &c;_ A Hater of Humbug. Moonta, June 1,1863.—Sir—We the undersigned, hotelkeepers of Moonta, hereby give an unqualified denial to the statement appearing in your issue of last Saturday, where it states that miners presented a £10 and a £5 note in mistake for ones; as also the statement of one of us having had the sum of £17, on last pay-day, deposited in our hands, to be kept until asked for; as we hereby declare that no such sum has been left with either of us.—We are, Sir, &c.;, W. S. Olifent, W. EL Beaglehole, J. Hartigan, J. Potter, EL B. Bentley. Moonta. June 2. 1868." [For the satisfaction of those who have signed the foregoing communica tion, we will state that the information respecting the payment of notes was derived—indirectly, it is true, but through a trustworthy channel—from one of the above-named hotelkeepers.—Ed. 1—Wallaro Times. Shabk-fishihg ik Eorway.—Among the reports lately published of Uer Majesty's Con suls to the Foreign Office occurs a brief account, by Mr. Consul-General Crowe, of the shark-fishery as at present carried on by the Norwegian fisher man along the coast. This fishery has not at tracted the attention in the southern part of the country which it deserves, not from the scarcity of fish, but the deficiency of appliances and absence of that experience which is considered necessary to success. A prevailing opinion, however, exists that, if properly prosecuted, it would become equally as lucrative in the south as it has proved to be in the north. The vessels employed in it generally range from twenty-five to thirty tons, manned with a crew of six men. They lie at anchor on the banks, with 150 to 200 fathoms water, by a grappling weighing about 200 pounds, with a warp about 300 fathoms in length, and from four to five inches in circumference. A box, perfo rated with holes, or a canvas bag containing the residuum or refuse-blubber, after the oil has been extracted by boiling, is attached to the line not far from the bottom, near the grappling; globules of oil are found to ooze out, or to percolate through the boles or bag, and to float away in a continuous stream, serving as a decoy, in a similar manner as the cod-roes are applied in France, where they are thrown into the sea as ground-bait to attract the sardines. Led by this stream, the sharks are guided to the main bait, which is attached to a thin iron chain of from one to two fathoms in length. This is fastened to a line of about the thickness of the stem of a common tobacco-pipe. At the end of the chain the hook is fastened, which is usually of the size of a salmon gaff, and is baited wb h some kind of fish, or, what is preferable, about a pound of sea-blubber. On hooking the shark, he is hauled to the surface of the water by the aid of a single purchase. £ach vessel is furnished with four of these, two on each side. The line, being small, is only calculated to bring the fish to the level of the water. His nose is then hauled a little above the surface, and a smart blow is immediately struck, by which he becomes stunned. A large hock at the end of a pole, attached to a strong tackle, is then driven into the fisb, and by this means he is hoisted on deck. The belly is cut open, and the liver taken out; a hole is then made iu the stomach for the purpose of inflating it with wind, which being done, the hole is again tied up, and the fish got into the water, and permitted to float away. The length of the fish varies from ten to eighteen feet. The value depends upon the size, quantity, and quality of the livers, which yield from one-half to two barrels, or fifteen to sixty gallons of fine oil each. The result of a fishery carried on in open boats depends greatly ou the wiud and weather. When a boat's crew obtain from two to four barrels of liver they are satisfied. Under favourable ci cam stances, however, they obtain from seven to eight; and if during the course of the winter they can get from forty to fifty barrels, the catch is esteemed a good one. Besides the liver, when the fish can be towed to the shore, the flesh is converted into food for the cattle, when a scarcity of dried fish-heads, which are prepared for that purpose, arises. It is occasionally used also as human food, but then as " raiding," which is prepared by being cut up into long strips, and wind-dried in the open air, or buried iu the ground till partially decomposed, when it is taken up and prepared in a peculiar manner, so as to become edible and fit for human food. It requires, however (says Mr. Crowe) an arctic stomach to digest it. Records of the Akestometer.—The storm which passed over the British Islands on the 24th of last month (accurately registered iu its movements at the Glasgow Observatory) is ascer tained to be one of the most violent with which the country has ever been visited. At 4 o'clock ou the morning of Friday, the 24th, the wind began to rise, blowing from the S.S.E.; at 9 o'clock its force had increased to a pressure of 7 lbs. on the square foot; from 10 till 11 o'clock the average pressure was 12 lbs. on the square foot; and by 12 o'clock noon it had risen to 20 lbs. Such a wind-force may be regarded as a great storm: but the tempest was still far from its height. Between noon and 1 o'clock the force of the wind rose to a pressure of 25 lbs. on the square foot; and in the course of the next hour the wind raged with awful fury, the pressure per square foot rising to 42 lbs.! uonceive what this means. It does not need a person of very great breadth and height to yield a frontage of six square feet. Such a person facing the storm would be met with a resistance of nearly 2i cwt. Then, again, as to the velocity of the wind, Professor Grant's records on this point will surprise many persons. The £obinson cup anemometer, or wind measurer, which has recently been erected on the dome of the Glasgow Observatory, revolved with such amazing velocity that the cups ceased to be visible. The results furnished by its movements are of some interest. From 4 o'clock till 9 o'clock on the morning of the storm the wind had an average velocity of 11 miles an hour; in the course of the next hour the velocity increased to 27 miles an hour; on it went increasing to 36 miles an hour, 51 miles, and finally attained its maximum average of 62 miles an libur towards 2 o'clock p.m. At times, however,_ the violence of the storm was so great that the wind could not have been moving at less than 10!) miles per hour. From the following little table which I have constructed, a general notion may be formed of the various stages of the storm in question:— Miles per hour. A fresh breeze, sufficient to fill the sails of a ship, moves with a velocity of 13£ A fresh breeze at sea, or a wind sufficiently strong to drive a windmill on land ... 37 A very strong wind ... 34 A hurricane ... ..." sij A storm sufficient to overturn buildings 109 Of course these numbers must be regarded as only giving the approximate velocities of the wind.— Once a Week, Feb. 15. 