GENERAL NEWS'. We are desired to remind our readers that the annual soiree of the North Adelaide Young Men's Society "will take place this even ing in the schoolroom below the Congregational Church. . < On Monday afternoon a horse belonging to Mr. 5TL"Davenport, ,driven by. Quin, dropped dead in-Pulteney-street. Itispupposed that sunstroke 'was ..the cause of-its sudden death. - -v.. ; On Monday afternoon an" acciden occurred, which fortunately was unattended jvith serious consequences.- By some means an dmnibus, with two horses attached, when near Mr. Jackson's, in Bundle-street, ran into a horse and cart, breaking the pole-.of: the omni bus, and doing some other slight damage. There yere no passengers in the omnibus. I The adjourned meeting of -"the South Australian Coal Company was again adjourned, foiling a quorum, sine' die, in accordance with the articles, of association. The Secretary in-. \- forms us that those shareholders who attended • at his office to receive dividends expressed them selves perfectly satisfied with' the state of the accounts,- ' ■ | A meeting of the electors of",the'DisV trict of Gumeracha, was held at the Higher combe Hotel, Teatree Gully, on Monday afternoon, March 9." Mr. Gallard in the chair.'.' • The meeting was adrdessed by Messrs. Hay,. • Robertson, Ward, and Hardy, the candidates . for the representation of the district. • After -the candidates'had been duly catechised, a show of handB was taken with the following, results.:—For Mr. Robertson, 20; Mr. Ward, 8; Mr. Hardy, 6; Mr. Hay, 29. We, "are coip* ,| pelled to hold over our full report in conse .quence of the demands upon our space. The annual general' meeting of the ; shareholders . in the Cape Jervis Silver- Lead Alining Company was.held.on the 9th instant. The Directors' report and accounts were received and passed. Mr. -Shepherd, who is now in charge of the management, attended and reported the ^completion of the level had drained dry. both Cocking's and Ned's Shafts; that he wa3 now sinking on the lode at Ned's, which whs looking well, and yielding two tons of ore to the fathom. The following gentlemen were elected Directors -for the ensuing year:—Messrs. J. B. Neales, jF, C. Singleton, W. W. ;Tuxford, Robert Stuckey, R. B. tfolley, and W.. Hughes. A preliminary meeting of a number of .the .ratepayers of the District of Yatala was held at'-the "Windmill Hotel on Saturday even ing, to consider the- advisability-'of forming a rseparate district of- the southern.portion of the I present district. Mr. John Williams having' been called to the chair, stated the object for which the. meeting was brought together. A considerable amount of discussion followed, from which it appeared that the feeling fenerally was in favor.of. dividing the district, nt some difference of opinion was expressed as1 to what should form the boundaries of the new district. It was ultimately arranged to call another meeting of the ratepayers, notice to be given by advertisement. ' ; On Monday evening, March 9, juvenile missionary meeting was .held' in the Hindmarsh-'sqU.are Congregational Church, when. -tljeRev. S. Macforlane, missionary from Lifu," 'gave an interesting account of his labors on that 'island.1 There was a large attendance of scholars from several of the City Congregational Sabbath Schools. The Rev. F. W. Cox presided, and after singing and prayer, made a brief address, add then'introduced the Rev. S. Macforlane, who stated that he was happy to see such a large gathering of the children. He then referred to the scene of his labors, and remarked that the islands of the South Seas were very beauti ful in their appearance, dud especially on approaching' * them, when you" saw ■ the • waves dashing against the coral -reefs, and i these reefs had' to be crossed in canoes, but I when yon got .oyerdfchem the water-waasmooth and you codld- see -the-coral ,f he- botjom of the wate^'d98YiSf«r^?\to/cnmiaei-rouifdHhe ^island by/mghijj/^a,' spoke iDfr'theyganjpiifieejnt appearanle-the'watera.hadifrom th&phqsphopus; it contaiaect • He-Hhem 'rH^e^ift^amius plants in tfceisluid,1. me^tionij^ more particu larly the cocoariut/ybanana, anr^'orange; trees, the fruit of which" he said the natives almost totally ^subsisted upon.' He referred' to-their peculiar style of dress and: adornment, and spoke of: .their cruelty andbarbarism when the; missionaries first went among.them.:^_He. also: referred to their superstitious; traditions and customs, and said that from, the time when the missionaries landed in 1841, till -about eight years after, they seemed to have made no iin .pression upon the minds -of the natives,5 'and they were obliged .at last to leave the island, but after about a twelvemonth's absence . they . returned 'and were-' able' to! instil into their minds the truths of thej| Gospel. He sa'd. hejwaa pleased to tell them now instead of .-war and cannibalisam pre vailing, there.was.Christian! yAhfou'gh'qut-. the island. Many-European ideas-Tiad been intro duced amo^lt'h'emin thelwa^" -of .making: their roads and |Mdih^',r'th^fr^dwelHn^|^hurchefe, &c.;, the missionary's -aim^being fiof^ohly; evangalise bufci.to 1 civilise ,thdm}{. ' He~Jref§"rred to a very happy- fathering the" natives Rpt on last Chritmas, wnSn one of the 'churches was decorated, and a Christmas tree was set up and adorned, with presents received from South -Australia. He concluded by, urging upon them 'to assist in, the work.. A collection was then niade, after which Mr. S. Whitniore moved a congratulatory resolution, which was seconded by Mr. Scrymgour, and the meeting closed with' the benediction. ^ The following correspondence will show | that the South Australian Society of Arts has 'received two valuable classes of presents from the-Royal Academy of Arts in London. "We truft they, -will, arrive safely,37, Great George-atreet, Westminister, London, Dec. 11, 1867.—Sir—I have the honor-to inform you that I [Ic am advised by the officials! .of . tlie Royal : Abademy of Arts that a case of moat valuable Sprints mid booksAs "readyx Jo beVshipped as a donation to the "South Australian Society of Arts. I have suitably acknowledged this very handsome present on behalf of the colony, and .will immediately«ship the case to its destina tion. On the other side I hand you'a list of the contents of the case, which I beg, you will I communicate to the Society in Adelaide. -~I have, &c;„ Francis S. Dotton." " December IS, 1S67.—I have just received the bill of 'laden for the case of books shipped per ' Occur :de Leon,' and enclose: it, with - Mr. Tallack's 'account for £1 3s. 4d. • A3 the conteuts of this case are valuable I. shall cover, it: for i surance, against , total loss ini£100.—F. S. D." List of works presented to the South Australian Society of Arts by the Koyal Academy of Arts, LondonNorman ShawVArchitectural Sketches, Antique Statues, 2 vols. (20 parts folio); do.; do,, 1 vol., small folio ; Rollins's Ancient History,.,8.vols, octavo; The Lusiad, translated by Nickle, 2 vols, folio; Flaxman's Outline, of Homer's Illiad, long quarto ; Antichi Monumenti.,D/;Italia,j folio; .volumes of en gravings, yaiious, long quarto; engravings from sculptures on the Triumphal Arch of Augustus, folio; Antiquities of Herculaneum, folio; Ruins of Diocletian's Palace; ! folio; Newton's. Dis coveries at Halicarhassus, folio, with volume of letter-press j' Siiv Joshua Reynolds's "Works, 2 (vols. ; Lectures of-Academicians; Engrav ings from Sculptures on . Trajan's Column, (long quarto).. "London, November 25,1867. " Sir—-Be so good and inform the Society of Arts in Adelaide that four cases of busts from the Royal Academy of Arts,in London are now in dock, ready to be shipped by the John Nicholson. I enclose list of contents of the cases, and will forward bill of lading and account of disbursements'next mail. The whole pf these busts have been carefully cleaned and repaired by Signor Brucciani, Modeller of. the Academy of Arts, and they are a very valuable collection. No. 27, head of Apollo, is a cast, the original marble of which the Academy paid £4,000 for. Mr. Eyre will have a few more busts and casts to follow, and also some volumes of prints of ^antique statues, &c.; " I liave, &c.;, Francis S. Ddtton." List of casts presented by the Royal Academy of Arts, London, to the South Australian Society of Arts :—Susannah, Homer, Ajax, Seneca, Roman Head (Augustus), Roman Head, Niobe, Minerva, Ariadne, Roman Head, Head of Laacoon, Child of Laacoon, Pericles, Roman Head, Young Augustus, Jupiter, Roman Em peror, Cicero, ASsculapius, Diana, Young Nero, Paris, Roma, Julius Caesar, Head of a Female, Roman Head, and Apollo. We may add to the above that a special meeting of the Committee of the South Australian Society of Arts was called for Monday, _9th_, for. the purpose of con sidering the desirability of initiating a movement on the- , part of the public of South Australia to erect a monument in Adelaide to the memory of the late Governor, Sir. LL_Daly.—Owing-to the-smallness of the attendance the further consideration of the matter was- deferred until the next regular meeting of the Committee, when the office, bearers are to be specially invited to be present. On Monday evening "RichardIII;" was put 011'the stage of the Town Hall Theatre. The attendance was not large, but attentive and apparently ' well pleased with the bill offered'.- The calico ceiling was not completed, so that we,can hardly, yet judge of the effect upon the-acoustic, qualities; of . the room, but it struck us that-the.hearing.was* better than it has yet been. "W"e confess .we looked forward doubtfully to the production of such a tragedy as that of;" Richard; III.," so full of important characters, with the present company. The difficulty; .was, however, met to. a large ex tent : by ; extensive •; clipping. Mr. J. J. Welsh, acted the part of the weak Henry, making him appear fully as imbecile as the most unfavorable history has painted him, and , succeeded in conveying the impression that royalty did not suffer much in his death.: Such a monarch might suit re sponsible Government, but was decidedly Tinsuited-to the . iron age. . Mr Anderson gave a very,fair rendering of Richard. His facial expression is not .sufficiently plastic to assume the depth and'subtlety of the monster when in his most, diabolical and crafty moods. The smile of the "murderer was not sufficiently sinister.In delivery^ tone, and attitude.Mr. Anderson ,'yras exceedingly. good. His soldo, quies were admirably given, and the same may be said of his diplomacy and his banter of his victims. The wooing . of Lady. Ann was a masterpiece, and elicited Jrounds.of wellmerited applause.' The closing Bcenes. of .the wretch's life, when tormented by the plots of enemies and the , defection of supposed friends," haunted by the ghosts "of . his murdered Victims, were finely rendered. The battle and the combat with Richard can hardly, fail to have in, it something, of the ludicrous, unless placed on the boards iraththe most ample and perfectly arranged accessories; but the fight between the rivals for the Crown and the death of "the.bloody dog" gave, great delight,'especially to the gods, who gazed upon ' the scene in ecstacy, and when all was over testified their approbation in a most demonstra tive manner. The part of Richmond was taken by Mr. Lawrence,, whose, utterance lacked soldierly precision and cleanness; however, he possesses, a,-fine figure, which, .showed to. advantage' in the cut and thrust exhibi tion with which ; the ' piece1' closed. The Duke':6f,: Buckingham found a pleasant' comfortable looking' representative in Mr. Hollowayy -whose! rotund - form and_ mefry countenance, reminded us . of anything but -bloody murder,'iaud dark. conspiracy. Lady Anne was personated by Miss .St. Denis, who exhibited: a great deal of her usual clever acting and appropriateness of, delivery. .There was, however, . a. want of fire in, her .-rendering of Anne's scathing invective and fierce anathemas upon the murderer of her husband and father in- law.;,. If this proceeded from a desire to avoid rant it was a mistake,, for there would necessarily, be a wild energy, in the .bereaved woman's denunciation of the'author of her woes. The .sudden appearance of the wretch in the presence of the last sacrifice to his remorseless ambition, all'his crime's and her wrongs, crowd ing ' upon the. recollection arid imagination, the loathing" created by 1 the sight of the monster 'would ."excite emotions that could not find vent , in subdued tones or mea sured 'delivery. Then what must have been the violence of,that passion'that, could enable a woman* knowing Gloster's deadly, pitiless cha racter," to his face, to pour the bitterest re proach upon,him, and call down the most awful curses on'his head. 'Nowhere'can anything ap proaching to tameness be so much' out of place as in such' k. scene. ' However, though Miss St. Denis might, properly have thrown .more fervor into this part, her-elqcution'and acting were otherwise very . good. The style in which she rendered Ann?s gradual yielding to the persua sion of Richard was 'excellent. Mrs. Hollo way, as the unhappy QUeen,-hardly gave the idea of wasting grief, And ' altogether ■ the cha facter did' -not seeiri one specially adapted to . her-' peculiar talent. :As the Duchess of York, Miss"MelvilIe showed a slight want of the courtliness befiitting the character. Miss Forde represented the Prince of "Wales, andMiss E. Marsh was_ very piquante as the" little Duke of York, jeering his deformed uncle, the ac cursed Glo'ster.- Mr. J. R; Greville represented the Lord Mayor with a becoming gravity. For Stanley and Norfolk we can only say they did not' exactly agree with our idea of the old .nobilityof those times. Ratcliffe, Oatesby, and Tyrrel seemed harmless gentlemen enough, and talked about the most horrible murders in which they were concorned with an astonishing placidity. At the close of all there were loud calls for Richard, ■ and Mr. Anderson appeared before, the curtain. > The cheering being renewed Mr. Lawrence came forward and bowed to the audience. The farce of "A,Regular Fix" followed, .and created an immense: amount of laughter, To-night "Money" will be played, followed by.a farce. ' 