f LAYING THE FOUNDATION STONE OF ST. MARY'S CATHEDRAL. 1HE toundation-stone of the new edifice intended to replace the Roman Catholic Cathedral in this city which was destroyed by fire on June 29, 1865, was laid with great ceremony on the 8th instant. From an earlv hour in thp. mnrni-nff nf Anf +T,A _j-~ «itviuui^ Ul. UiltbU Utt^f lillC fine peal of bells now placed in what formerly was the southern tower of the old Cathedral were heard chimiug in honor of the occasion, and by eleven o'clock a very large concourse of spec- tators had assembled. The Venerable Archbishop Folding, the Bishops of Maitland, Bathurst, Goulburn, and Enos, and a large number of clergy, assembled in the pro-Cathedral shortly after ten o'clock, where the Archbishop and Bishops were vested in full canonicals. The Archbishop carried his pastoral staff. The procession moved shortly before eleven o'clock, headed by the cross-bearer and acolytes, etc. Then came the clergy and the deans, the Bishops, and His Grace the Archbishop, vested with amice, alb, girdle, stole, cope, and mitre, carrying his crosier, preceded by the archiepiscopal cross-bearer. They entered the grounds by the gate facing St. Mary's Road, and proceeded direct to the platform, specially erected for the ceremony. Shortly after eleven o'clock, the Archbishop, having laid aside his crosier and mitre, invoked a blessing on the salt and water to be used. After the usual prayers had been said, the Arch- bishop put the salt in the water in the form of a cross, and said, whGn so doing, "Let there be made a mingling of salt and water equally. In the name of the Father, and of the Son, and of the Holy Ghost. Amen." His Grace then offered the following prayer:-"God, the author of unconquered strength and king of insuperable majesty, ever gloriously triumphing, who dost crush the power of all adverse domination, and subdue the cruelty of the roaring enemy, who dost mightily vanquish hostile wickedness, Thee, O Lord, trembling and suppliantly, we beseech and ask that Thou mayest vouchsafe to look upon this creature of salt and water, benignly to shine upon it, and tc sanctify it with the dew of Thy goodness ; that wherever it shall be sprinkled, by the invocation of Thy holy name all the moles' tation of the unclean spirit may be removed, and the terror o) the venomous serpent may be driven far away, and the presence of the Holy Spirit may vouchsafe everywhere to be present t< , us, beseeching Thy mercy. Through our Lord Jesu3 Christ . ¿Thy Son, who liveth and reigneth with Thee, in the unity o the same Holy Spirit, God, world without end. Amen." Th< Cathedral choir having chanted a portion of the service arrangée for the occasion, the Archbishop then offered another prayer and took his place on the platform, while the Rev. Padr Barsanti preached a sermon, taking for his text Isaiah, 26tl *\ chap. 16th verse. At its conclusion, Messrs. Coveny am Mullens, acting as a deputation from the building committee "presented his Grace with a golden trowel, weighing twelv . ounces. The gift was in all respects worthy of the occasion an "pf the artizans whose handiwork it was. The blade bore th following inscription : ' "Arpo Sidneiensi et Metrop. Australie Solio pontificali assistenti, Primarhim Lapidem Eccl Cathedral S. Marice instaurandae "'" benedicturo et posituro, Festo Immac. Concep. B. V. M., A. S. 1868, ViriElecti, Quibus demandatus est odificationis, in vigilandse et promovencbe Gratissimus labor. " The clergy, headed by the Archbishop, having walked in pr cession round the foundations the Archbishop laid aside his mitr and offered these prayers : " 0 Lord Jesus Christ, son of the living God, who art tri God Almighty, the splendour and image of the Eternal Fathe who art the corner-stone cut out from the mountain witho" hands ; and the unchangeable foundation ; establish this stol to be placed in Thy name ; and Thou, who art the beginning ai the end, in which beginning God the Father created all thin from the first, be Thou, we beseech Thee, the beginning and tl increase, and the finishing of the work itself, which is to begun to the praise and glory of Thy name. Who, with t Father and the Holy Spirit, livest and reignest, God, wor without end. Amen." "Holy Lord, Father Almighty, everlasting God, vouchsafe bless this stone for the foundation of a church in honor Saint Mary. Through our Lord Jesus Christ, Thy Son : a tri stone, a corner stone, a precious stone, founded in the found tion, concerning which the Apostle saith, But the Rock w Christ. Who, with Thee and the Holy Ghost, liveth ai reigneth, God, world without end. Amen." This done, he sprinkled with water the stone and blessed Then using thc trowel, he marked its corners with the sign the cross, and having adjusted it in its future site, said-" fide Jesu Christi collocamus lapidem istum primarium in b .fundamento : In nomine Patris, et Filii, et Spiritus Sancti, vigeat vera fides hie, et timor Dei, fraternaque dilectio, et i hie locus destinatus orationi, et ad invocandum, et laúdandi nomen ejusdem Domini nostri Jesu Christi, qui cum Patre, Spiritu Sancto vivitetregnatDeus, per omnia ssecula soculoru R. Amen." Additional prayers were offered, and the ceren nial was concluded. The foundation stone bears a bi'ass ph thus inscribed : " In nomine Jesu Christi, Primarium hunc lapidem Eeclesias Cathedralis Sto Maria?, prope situm prioris ¡edificü, conílagratione die xxix Junii, A.D. MDCCCLXV, penitus diruti, amplificando? tarnen et sumptuosius instaurando, solemni ri , benedixit et posuit. Ulmus et Rmus Johannes Beda Polding, O.S.B., Arpus Sidneiensis necnon Metrop. Australia?, medius inter Ulmus et Rmus Epos suos suffraganeos, Melbournensem, Brisbanensem, Bathurstensem, Maitlandens( et Goulbournensem. Quibus astabat Rmus et Illnrus Ep Enensis, S.M. Lcetissimo Immac. Concep. B.V.M., Festo, AnnoSalutis, MDCCCLXViii., Assistente maxima corona presbyterorum, ingentique laicori * comitante frequentia fidelium, Preces dona gratiarum actiones, Deo Uno, et Trino Omnium bouorum Largitori, gratissimo coi affectu effuudientum, Pió Nono, Summo Pontifice féliciter régnante, Victoria Britanniarum Regina, Ejii3dem, vices in hac colonia proefecto gerente Honoratm Comité de Belmore, Rev. Adm. S. J. Sheehy, O.S.B. ; Vic.-Geni. : Revdis Dn M. J. Dwyer, P. F. O'Farrell, M. P: Fitzpatrick, i- T. J. Gurvey, P. J. Healey, Presbyteris Missionariis Cathedralis, Ministeris addictis, Gul. W. Wardell, Architecto. Joannes Young, Operum Redemptore. ^ SOLI DEO GLORIA." A large amount of money was laid upon the stone by parishioners present, who also presented an address to Grace, to which he returned the following reply:-"I Friends, -Your congratulations are a comfort and happinesi me. I am thankful, first of all to our good God, who wrapped me round with such land sympathy in my sorrows and joy; and next, to you who, with such true instinct of filial friendship, have ever chosen the most opportune moment to cheer and strengthen my heart, by showing me what was in your own. May God bless you with everyformof temporal andspiritual recompense ! This is, indeed, as you say, a solemn and event- ful occasion ; aud it is to me peculiarly an occasion of consolation and happiness. lb proves to me that I am building in my peo- ple's love, and that their love for me is for God's sake. This is the right order, this is as it should be. We sorrowed together with a sorrow that had its chief source in what seemed a sweep- ing away of dear and holy memories, and an injury to the service and work of God among us ; we have now our common gladness in the renewal of those memories, the near prospect of more than restoration to that sacred service and work. After the night of our misfortune the bright day has dawned upon us, and with I thankful joy we are exulting in its light. ' This is God's doing, I and it is wonderful in our eyes. ' We realise that ancient, oft repeated mercy of the 'God of patience and comfort,'-'I will turn their mourning into joy, and will comfort them and make them joyful after their sorrow.' My dear friends, you have most justly styled our old St. Mary's a great historic fact, and you are right. None know so well as I what sorrows, what hopes, what faith had glorified those old walls. Yes, it was tc the world a great historic fact, but it had around it an innei history of facts more real than its stones ; a history legible onlj to the eyes of God and His angels, until the last great day o' revealing shall come ; histories of penitence, and hope, and con fidence, and radical conversion of life-of all the sacred forms o: the manifold grace of God in men's hearts. And now we hav< begun a new history, and I agree with you in desiring to inscribí on its very first page the most generous sympathy and help j offered to us and accepted, when we first gathered together af te: our disaster, from many who are not sharers in our Catholl responsibilities. May God reward them as He best knows how You say that the thoughts of that kindness enabled you ti endure much that you have since been called upon to endure No doubt, and righteously so. What should give us confidenc in our fellow-men if kindness-spontaneous kindness in the ver; hour of need does not give it ? You were right in trusting tha the minds and hearts of your noblest fellow-citizens, then show: to you in word and deed, would never accept (or, if accepted fo a moment, would speedily reject and repel) the shamefully îov and cunning calumnies that at one unhappy moment were eas into the air, like a deadly miasma, by ignorant hate and ur scrupulous political scheming. Nothing has made me so thant fui as the steady, manly, forbearance of so many of my dea simple children in the faith, under the most painful provocatiot Their generous souls understood the motive that you have give expression to, and they accepted the counsel of their Archbisho and their bishops and their other clergy, frankly and dutifnib I am proud of them. For you, who are men with greater oppp: I tunities of intelligence and cultivation--why, I commend yoi I and sympathise with you in your annoyance and self-commanc but you have been only what I had a right to expect you woul be. The event has justified, you see, our counsel and yoi behaviour. Men are already beginning to wonder what the fu of anger and suspicious hate has all been about ; and vei obviously the outcrop .of poisonous plants that threatened to m our thirty years' harvest of brotherly harmony and goodwill h begun to wither away. So let it be. It is another confírmate of the Divine Word--' In silence arid in hope shall your strengi be.' Yes, thank God. I say it in no boastful self- confidenc but with numble trust- in God's grace, from an old man's exp rimental knowledge of Catholic faith.and teaching, that we sh? live down and shame calumny and hate. And as it will be our little local troubles, sb will .it be on the stage of the worl the time, believe me, is; not far distant when men shall recogni with astonishment and alarm, that loyalty of eyery kind, th human liberty in every; direction- intellectual, and. moral, ai spiritual-have their drily true and sure foundation in th Catholic Church, which, like her Lox*d, had been partly.unkno\ and partly of malice travestied and insulted. My Right re\ rend and dear friends, the Bishops who are here with me, ha heard your words of acknowledgment, and have seen your deec and I know witli what pleasure and hope they are filled. !N all are with us that wished, arid expected, to attend ourfestiv but those who are unwillingly absent will hear and read of wi we have done, and will enrich us with their prayers and ble ings. They who are here will, perhaps, with their own Iii tell you how they esteem your land and dutiful thoughts a feelings towards them. And now, dear friends and childr* once more receive my own hearty thanks ; and once more let resolve together that the work we have so happily begun t day, shall henceforward, please God, never suffer let or stop, far as we can help it, until its completion. I hope next year it please God to continue me health, that I shall attend the gr« Ocumenical Council, and i should like to carry with me a j. turé, say a good chromolithograph, of the new Cathedral as project it in its completed state ; and next, a good photogra of the fifteen, or twenty, or twenty-five feet that we shall hope, have built up by that time on the noble lines we this < commence. You see I am confiding to you a secret, but ther neither treason nor felony in it, so mind you keep the seer and that it may be more safely^kept, tell it at once to every < -man, woman, and child-that you know. It will be wellk then, and I shall have many to help me' to realise my proj< to build up the twenty or thirty feet I speak of. I shall be, if I almost, if not quite, the oldest Archbishop of that Council, ; I should dearly like to boast a little about you at Rome, and hear them say-'What a fortunate Archbishop that is ! comes one year with a sad history of a Cathedral destroyed, ¡ then almost the next he comes with the picture of a tenfold vc magnificent one already built '-for well begun, you know, c friends, is half done. May God bless you." In the afternoon, the Archbishop, Bishops, clergy, and otl were entertained at luncheon. The new Cathedral. has been designed by Mr. W. War (Inspector-General of Works in Victoria). The plan is crucifo and comprises a nave and aisles, two transepts and aisles, choir with aisles. The entire length of the Cathedral will about 350 feet ; the width between the transepts, 108 feet; across the nave and aisles, about 74 feet. It is intende» ! complete the choir, transepts, and nave to the length of at I 210 feet before commencing the remaining portion of the chu There will be a central tower at the intersection of the naves transept with a clear interior height from the floor of the chi of 120 feet, and at the southern end there will be two to\ with spires, about 260 feet in height. The space for the 1 altar and sanctuary will be about forty-five feet in length, organ loft will be on the east side of the choir, and opening f 1 the choir aisles by pillars and arches. The nave, choir, transepts will be about ninety feet from the floor of the chu and will be divided from the aisles by pillars and arches 35 in height. Over the aisles throughout will be a triforium, above the triforium a clerestory. In addition to the Cathe proper, the design includes two sacristies, 32 feet by 20 i with strong room and offices, a spacious chapter house, of for the Vicar-General and Private Secretary, aceommodatioi the resident clergy, and apartments for the Archbishop, The contractor for the works of the foundations was Mr Loveridge; for the remainder of the walls Mr. J. Young has contract. The design is of the early decorated or poi: architecture, and bids fair to be well suited for its purposes. [ CEREMONY OE LAYING THE FOUNDATION STONE OE THE NEW ROMAN CATHOLIC CATHEDRAL Ol' ST. MARY'S, SYDNEY. - -SEE PAGE 102. 