A TRIP TO THE KURRAJONG. By Somerset. To go from the dust and turmoil of Sydney to the Kurrajong Highlands had, for many years past, been one ef the pleasures I promised myself, and often seemed to be on the very eve of enjoying ; but some ill-natured circumstance or other had always inter fered with the accomplishment of that settled pur pose until a few weeks since, when I obtained a furlough, which I resolved to epend in the solitudes of tne aiortsaia mountainous district, i naa neara much, in general terms, of its grandeur and beauty, and of the excellence of its air — the exhilarating effects of which upon care-worn, buBiness-wearied men, were declared to he something extraordinary, far beyond any whieh could be expected from the more than doubtful specifics of a doctor's shop, or of a well-Btored wine cellar. But there was a vagueness about the details conversa tionallv furnished to me by my informants which excited my curiosity, and made me determined to judge for myself at the very earliest opportunity. I was, therefore, well pleased when 1 at length found myself, after all adieux, safe, with my carpet bag and cloak, in the evening train on its way to Richmond, which lies, as all the world knows — or ought to know — about ten or twelve miles to the Eouth-eastof the Kurrajong district. The ' Kurrajong ' is a name applied by longesta blished prescription, to a very extensive and pleasant upland district in the county of Cook, near to the bonndary of that shire on the north-western Bide of Cumberland. The 'Kurrajong,' however, seems to be en appellation which (for some reason or other) has been all but ignored by the indefatigable compiler of ' Balliere's Gazetteer,' although the natural features of the locality are certainly such as to deserve some distinct designation — such as might conveniently include not only all that wide-spread, undulating, half-wooded, half- cultivated country, in which the traveller finds himself after crossing the HawkeBbury, two miles beyond Richmond, but also, in addi tion to that somewhat elevated trapt, those noble, forest-clad and precipitous elopes in the rear, which form the north-eastern extremity of tbe Blue Moun tain Range. According to 'Wells the Kurrajong District, which comprises this hill country and its adjacent mountain region, is bounded on tbe east by the Phillip district, and on the south by a west line, from the N.W. comer of that district, to Wheeny Creek ; the north western limit of the ' Kurrajong' being the said Wheeny Creek and Grose River, whilst the south eastern boundary is clearly defined by tbe course of tbe Grose and that of the Hawkesbury. Whitwortb truly states that the scenery of the Kurrajong is 'magnificent and beautiful in the extreme,' and that ' the romantic grandeur of the rocky chasms in the mountains and the fine views of wood and water scenery attract numerous tourists.' These sight seers usually avail themselves of the useful ser vices of one of the . three or four car-men who drive from Richmond to the Kurrajong Heights, twice every day, on the arrival of the train from Sydney — about thirty-eight miles distant. By these cars, for a very moderate fee, the tourist finds himself, after a short and very agreeable trajet, transported from the Market-square of Richmond to any part of the Kurrajong. There is nothing easier, in every sense of the word, than the railway jaunt to Richmond. Thence, for a few shillings, you can go on at once to Mr. Lamrock's comfortable little way side inn, at Wheeny Creek, where there is a post office ; or should you desire a more extensive view and 'callerer air,' you can be driven two miles fur ther up tbe mountain to one of the admirably managed hospices in tbe vicinity of the Presbyterian Church, Mr. Powell's, or Mr. Onus's (more commonly known as 'Douglas's') or proceed — as I did — to the highest and last of them all, to Belmore Lodge, the handsome and commodious residence of Mr. P. Donnelly. ' Belmore Lodge ' is about eleven miles from Rich mond, and, considering the' nature of the country, the road all the way is excellent. I found Richmond materially improved from what it was when I first visited it, at the opening of the branch railway, although there was still much to desiderate. The quiet, grass-grown bye-ways, and the picturesque but dusty main street, had evidently not yet been subjected to the wholesome influence of sny municipal authority ; which, with all its appa rently inevitable short comings, certainly does succeed in effecting many changes for the better wherever it is once fairly eetablrsbed. Dilapidated fences, neglected paddocks and gardens, some few ruinouB houses, and streets in which no kerbBtone has ever yet appeared — the pathways and surface drainage being only those which nature kindly pro vides — all continue to realise that Sleepy Hollow state of affairs I have always associated with Rich mond— impressions which naturally set one specula ting upon how much might be effected in the locality if the good -people would but discard their old-fashioned notions, and bestir themselves to keep ebreastof the age. And yet even in this pretty little town (where you half expect to see the immortal Rip Van Winkle sauntering dreamily down the prin cipal street) the railway and the electric telegraph have evidently been tbe precursors of improvement. This you begin to realise on your arrival when you see the Market Green no longer the melancholy open waste it used to be, but fenced in and obviously de voted to the pastimes of the Richmondites. You perceive also, with pleasure, that round this square, in addition to useful and substantial edifices which have long been there, shops have arisen, and many commodious residences which (with their tastefully laid out and well-kept gardens) would be no discredit to any of the environs of Sydney. Moreover (ex ternally at all events) tbe quaint old brick church at the north end of the town, moBt un mistskeablv of the Georgian period, has now got a decent chancel, and seems to be in a better state of repair. The inns and their garden plots are likewise decidedly smarter than they used to be, snd there is a large New Family Hotel near the station, kept by Mr. Reifi, in which, on all accounts, the city man might really fancy himself still at home. There is much about Richmond which must ever agreeably distinguish it from most other towns in the colony, and render it acceptable to visitors, es pecially those who come from Sydney. Its beautiful situation, eloping gently to the alluvial plains of the Hawkesbury, beyond which rise the mountains of the Kurrajong wrapped in mist and cloud, or resplendent with all the enchanting effects of light and shade ; its numerous orchards, gardens, and orangeries, which stand right in the heart of the town; and, lastly its deep and unchangeable repose, so delightfully contrasted to the ceaseless disturbance of tbe distant metropolis— All contributing to make Richmond a city of refuge to the jaded business man, and holiday-making touriBt. Wlien I got there I could almost fancy that I was in 6ome village at the foot .or the Mendip Hills, amid the pink-blo-e im ing orchards of Old Somerset, but that a glance at the green and gold of the orange trees around tne reminded me that I was still in Australia. It was on a fine morning, about six weeks since, that I jumped into the ear of Mr. Edward Parties, at the steps of the Richmond Railway Station, and was driven, as fast as two sturdy, well-fed animals could take me, down the principal thoroughfare, in the direction of the Kurrajong. Passing the old Anglican Church I have already alluded to, and its adjacent parsonage house, we descended through what a railway engineer would call a deep 'cutting,' on to the moorland, or 'Hawkes- bury Bottoms,' an alluvial tract there about two miles wide, at the northern end of which flows the river that gives it its local name. This is some of the land which was temporarily engulphed by the Hawkesbury during the last calamitous floods, the tvJwle plain becoming, at that timp, q, deep wide river io which a line- of-battie ship might]havebeen manoeuvred or wrecked. The carman showed me where the waters had risen, foot by foot, up the hillside till the church was endangered, and the quiet resting place of many an old colonist all hut invaded by the angry waves. In the midst of the fertile plain is a tall tree which for awhile disappeared in that disastrous period, and which still hears in its topmoBt branches some traces of its submersion. Every homestead on these ' bottoms ' (which so mnch resemble the north-western lowlands of Somerset) was, of course, utterly destroyed, and the abandoned ruins may sti.ll here aud there be seen. As we entered the plain we saw, on the left, a large lagoon reaching away to the residence of Mr. Sloper Cox, about half a mile further up on the sloping edge of the river basin. In this lake' like sheet of water were hundreds of wild ducks, protected by the game-law and tbe good will of tbe proprietor. Although not a sportsman myself, I could not help wishing that my son was there with his inevitable fowling-piece; and, having audibly expressed that daring thought, I was amused at the horror with which Mr. Parties regarded my lawless ideas on the subject. After a smart drive for about half-an-hour, past level meadows and arable land where the ploughman was leisurely at work, we came to ' Rose Cottage,' the cab driver's residence — once obviously a very pretty place, but not a little damaged (as may be sup posed) from the fact of the whole property having been not long ago for many days under water. Here the road takes a sharp turn, and you come down a steep bank to the bed of tbe treacherous river, across which is an excellent wooden bridge which withstood the force of the rtslng torrent at the disastrous floods. And so I at last saw the Hawkesbury — choked up with the sand its fury bad dislodged from the sides oi the stream for at least a half mile above where you croBS. I must frankly confess that I was consider , ably disappointed in i-s appearance ; there is many a trout stream in the 'West of England (whose name has never been seen anywhere but on a large county map,) which is, in every respect, far before it. All the middle piers of the bridge (which I understand to be one of the many successful works of my talented old friend and schoolfellow Mr. E. 0. Moriarty), were, when I saw the place, standing in the sand, where there was once deep water ; and it was only at the two extremities that the water flowed by. It Beemed hard to realise the change from what had been to what then was. I was happy to see that workmen w« re busy strengthening the approach to the bridge by sinking massive piles, &c.;, so that if the floods again come all mBy be prepared for the terrible shock, When you have passed the Hawkesbury you begin immediately to ascend on the Kurrajong side, and the whole aspect of the country is altered. On either side of the road are gentlemen's residences and farmhouses, the hilly character of the locality being of a sufficiently marked description to render the inhabitants safe from any danger of floods. After bowling along for another - half mile or so we came to Enfield, situated on Redbank Creek, one of the tributaries to the HawkeBbury, and forming the boundary of the village on its northern side. Enfield has a post-office, stores, wayside inns, a school, a church, and a Wesleyan chapel. The main street is Bell's line ef Road to Bathurst, tke road by which I was then ttavelling. The site of the village is rather low, the surrounding country being, for the most part, an undulating forest, in which many picturesque pieces of scenery are presented. Those who are gifted with a taste for such matters may perhaps be also pleased to learn that the geological formation is ' sandstone and shale, with pliocene deposit ' — what- ever that may happen to mean. Balliere says that the population consists of about ISO persons. The Anglican church is prettily situated, but is, to tell the truth, a most unsightly edifice. Still continuing to ascend, although there is occasionally a downward sweep in the road, the visitor begins to be favoured with seme fine woodland scenery; homesteads, clearings, and forest land in the foreground, and distant views of the mountains before you, and of the level country you have left. The road winds considerably, and is sometimes very steep, until at length you pass some cottages and a Roman Catholic scboolhouse — leave Bulgar lload leading away to the right, and, after ascending and partially descending a very high hill, come down at last to Mr. Lsmrock'6 inn at Wheeny Creek. At this extremely picturesque spot, a fine, freshwater stream, having its source in the mountains, crosses the road on its way to the Colo River, which it enters at about twelve miles from the intersection of the Colo with the Hawkesbury. You are here rather mere than six miles from the Hawkesbury Bridge. At Wheeny Creek there is a good hotel, a post office (aleo'keptby Lamrock), a smithy, and other houses. To the east the country is undulating ; and to the westward mountainous. This is a very favourite stepping place for tourists who have net time enough to do more than pay a flying visit to the district for a change of air, and who wish to be as near as possible to the Richmond station. Having duly refreshed ourselves and our sturdy nags, which, by-the-bye, had rattled us along from Richmond to Lamrock's with a celerity that was ex hilarating — the sole but' rather material drawback being that it covered us with dust — we once mote pushed smartly on, and began to undertake the last two miles of our journey, the space between Wheeny Creek and Belmore Lodge. And first we had to mount a very steep hill to the north west of Lamrock's, the declivitous nature of the way proving to be such that I felt not at all surprised at bearing Mr. Parties ssy that during these last two miles we Ehould have to rise more than 1600 feet. The-ecenery on this part of our trip was found to be in every respect of such an attractive character as to exact rapturous . expressions of approval. The flowers by the wayside, with the trees and shrubs under which they grew in wild luxuriance, all under- . went a sudden change, becoming for the most part very different from those common in the warmer regiens below. Many ef the trees, and still more ef the small plants and shrubs, seem peculiar to this semi-Ajpine district, and are well deserving of especial notice ; it is impossible for the mostordiniry traveller not to be struck with their unexpected novelty and singular beauty. On either side of the steep road there is a broad expanse of bill and dale, dotted with numerous farmhouses, small country residences of Syd ney people, and the cottage homes of struggling settlers, many of a class who seem to have been born and bred in the district, which has been more or less occupied from tbe earliest days of the colony. The variety afforded by the appearance of these homesteads is ' pleasingly suggestive. The home of the Sydney man who has realised a competency, contrasts, when sur rounded by its tasteful gardens and orchards, some what oddly with the more eolid but unpretentious comfort displayed by the house, and yard, and pad dock of the well-to-do drover, in whose mind any ideas of agriculture, horticulture, or sylvan scenery, have obviously no abiding place. And then again there is the thriving old farmstead, which has perhaps sheltered the same family for the last forty or fifty years, and has acquired a decorous semi-aristocratic standing in consequence; these placeB act, far and near, as foils to the miserably neglected huts of the ' poor man,' who is here to be found (as he is every where else) smoking his pipe, ana grumbling, and dawdling about. We still continued to ascend, and pushed pretty quickly forward, but all trolling was over, and the animals harnessed to our conveyance, could only drag us breathlessly along the winding path. Farms again, and orchards; an unsightly school-house, with ruddy, bright-eyed children, who stared laughingly at the car and its occupants; sledges loaded with wood, dragged by horses down from the mountain to he sold in the low lands ; another steep ascent, with most of the Kurra jong trees, and wild flowers, and brush-wood on either side ; long vistas of scenery to the right and to the left, and far away towards Richmond behind us ; the pretty country residence of Mr. Holdsworth with its orangeries, and meadows ; a small picturesque aud beautiful spot, still pointed out as having been pur chased by the late gifted musical artist, Cessre Cutolo; another awful hill, where the writer felt himself cunscientiouBly compelled to volunteer to walk, which the Jehu magnanimously declined ; a email piece of forest laud followed by a sudden break, — and then we came at last to tbe edge of a tolerably extensive plateau — at tbe further end of which was a house, I was told was ' Don nelly's.' We passed the hospice, or country lodging house, known as Mr. Powell's, where there is a charming garden and everythiug else that can be pleasant to invalids. Then came a'few more houses, presenting the appearance of a half-formed village ; then a neat stone church, two or more lodging- houses, and so at last we arrived at the end of our journey. I must confess I was rather astonished when Parties drove me up to the front of ' Belmore Lodge,' and that I became quickly and rather painfully conscious of the fact that I was dusty, and in other ways barely presentable in decent society. The grandeur of that vice-regal name bad, I candidly admit, not prepared me to expect anything like the building which I did see before me, for the assumption of big names in this country is frequently so ludicrously in appropriate, that it is nothing but the old story of ' Lucus a non lucenio'' over and over again. Here, however, my experience was quite at fault. I found, at the upper end of the small plateau I have mentioned, with a suep forest at its back, and wood lands and clearings oi. the western side, a large and htwdfcwe stcuc-bpilt villa, with a broad verandah stretching all aronnd it, except on the south-west, i where the windows (upstairs and on the ground floor) command an uninterrupted view, such as I have not seen since I stood upon the brow of Wynd Cliff, near Tintem Abbey, in WaleB, more than a quarter of a century ego. I was gradually enabled to realise the fact that Belmore Lodge was a house in which there were eight bedroomB (three upstairs and five down), three parlours (two drawing-rooms and a dining room), kitchenB, and all that sort of thing, of course, and stables, outbuildings, a front and back garden, and every other convenience. There was a style, too, about it all for which I was not by any means pre pared, and it was with the same difficulty that I could persuade myself that I was not intruding upon some gentleman's private residence, instead of what was familiarly known as 'Donnelly's.' A gentle man who sat reading in tbe verandah politely saluted me as I came into the garden ; but it was not until the master of the house (whom I discovered to be an old friend) came out, in the fervour of his hearty welcome, that I found myself at home at ' Don nelly's.' I am not going to detain my readers by any length ened disquisitions upon the manifold comfort with which I found myself at once surrounded ; tke un approachable neatness and exquisite propriety of the bedroom I occupied during my stay — one of those that commanded the glorious view to which I have alluded. Nor shall I deem it necessary to expa tiate upon the cuisine ot ' Belmore Lodge,' which, I need scarcely Bay, I very cordially appreciated ; and all the more, as it was something for which I was wholly unprepared. Scenery iB a fine thing, and moun tain sir is a very fine thing, but neither can be tho roughly enjoyed where you have to live in an uncom fortable lodging — where the cooking is bad, or where a man's food is as ungraciously served to him, as if he were thought to be a Laplander upon his travels. Not the least pleesure that 1 experienced during my ' Trip to theKurrajong,' was (1 do not fear to say it) due to those material comforts which every middle-aged man learns most cordially to appreciate. I could have fancied myself at meals at my club, or in a room in the Hotel de France, taBting some of the chefs d'teucrc of CourvoiBier, hut that the ravenous appetite which I always felt convinced me that 1 must be at the Kurrajong. I recommend my friends to make the ex petimental tour that I did, and they will be fully pre pared to endorse my w ords. I dined alone in all the solemn dignity of a newly arrived visitor, hut could hardly wait for the conclu sion of the meal, so eager was 1 to return to the broad verandah, and feast my eyes upon the prospect. As I have said, I never saw anything like it before — certainly not since I came to New South WaleB, To the south there was before me the whole of the county of Cumberland, spread out like a map ; and away to the south-west were the lofty blue hills of Argyle, with which I have always had so many pleasant associations. The foreground of the magnificent view there presented to the traveller's eye embraces the undulating hills and farms of the Kurrajong, and further back (in tbe middle ground) are the cultivated flats of the Hawkesbury, with the towns of Penrith, Castlereagh, Enfield, Richmond, Windsor, Pitt Town, and Wilberforce, — the rising ground in the neigh bourhood of Sydney being in the extreme distance. Great as is tbe expense thuB unfolded before you, in which the occupation of the colonist has dme so much for modifies ion and improvement, there is nevertheless visible an extent of forest yet untouched by man, which enables one more justly to realise the vast size of this beautiful country it is our great privi lege to call our own. The pleasure which the con templation of such a prospect naturally afforded me was materially enhanced by the fact that there was fortunately an accomplished gentleman staying in the house at the time, who thoroughly appreciated the beauty of the scenery, and cordially concurred with me in the feelings I expressed. The conversation of this gentleman (a native ef Hungary) afforded me an intellectual treat for which I was not prepared, and constituted an additional gratification to ma during my stay in that picturesque district. After awhile I sallied forth to explore the vicinity, and accordingly mounted the steep declivity at the rear of the houee. The road, up which I went, to the crest of the mountain, lay between an unreclaimed forest on the right, and partially cleared woodland scenery on the left ; on the rolling slopes of which were tbe orangeties, gardens, and country residences of Mr. Barney, and tne Rev. Mr. Scott, the Warden of St. Paul's. The cottage home of the latter gentle man is perched on a height which commands one of the finest prospects in the district, and has, at the same' time, several 'home views,' of a delightful variety. In the weoded glens (or ' ghwylls,' &b; they are yet called in Devonshire,) the trees, wild vines, and undergrowth formed everywhere at the back a charming series of pictures ; and, nearer to the road, a splendid grove of palm-like fern trees, on Mr. Judge McFarhnd's newly purchased estate, particu larly delighted me. In the cleared land on Mr. Scott's iarm several of these last-named trees have been judicionely left standing, and serve to give a singularly semi-tropical air to the scene. One of thtse,on Mr. Scott's land, is upwards of thirty feet high ; the highest I ever saw, and must, I should think, have been growing for the last hundred years or more. Ntar the top of the mountain (where tbe road takes a sudden turn to the right) iB a tall and stately tree — box, if I remember rightly — at the foot of which bas been placed a rustic seat for the way farer to rest upon, and leisurely to enjoy the prospect. Having rested there an bile, I followed tbe road towards Northfield, on tbe broad summit of the range through the open forest, catching every now and then glimpses of the great panorama of Cumberland already alluded to, and looking down through glens in which hundreds of fern trees were waving their long, damp, feathery fronds in tbe evening breeze. There was a strange charm to me, as a wearied city man, in all that I saw ; but the deepening shadows warned me to retrace my eteps and re- descend to Donnelly's, where there was in store for me a cheery welcome that mads me feel immediately at home. The air of the Tipper Kurrajong is sensibly colder than that even of i he hill country below, and we enjoyed a glorious supper in the room where there was a large wood fire, crack ling and flaming on the broad stone hearth. 1 could scarcely induce my hostess to believe me when I told her that two days before we had had a hot wind in Sydney; but such was, nevertheless, the fact. I had not been indoors more than half-au-hour, before a long continued weird whispering sound outside in formed me that I had not returned a whit too soon. There was ' the sound of abundance of rain ; ' end rain it did all night, to the great indignation of Mr. Donnelly, who had planned to take me off for a ride to Mount Toomah in the morning. Not the slightest trace of that grand view which had gladdened me the day previous could I see from my bedroom window when 1 awoke next morning. The little village (if so it may be called) of Upper Kuirajong, and the road leading down to it, were all that I could dimly discern through sheets of drizzling rain. I could just see Mr. Onus's house and garden, one or two other adjacent houses, tbe Presbyterian Church, tbe large solitary tree on the brow of the hill, and a few cows standing mourn fully in the wet. An outlook such as that was one which was not enlivening, and I thus felt glad when summoned from the perusal of my book to the com forts of the breakfast table, and to tbe society of Dr. Von B— ?, who feelingly condoled wiih me on tbe lamentable state of the weather. After breakfast I read again for a while, and then devoted my energies to the concoction of a long despatch to the Hume Department with a steady persistency which must have raised me (as I hope) in the estimation of my friend who, as a bachelor, was of course unencum bered wi'h any such duty. The weather was rainy all that morning, more er less — clearing up for a while, then getting more and more gloomy, and then bursting into a perfect paroxysm of tears and blus tering sighs, such as it was positively depressing to see and to listen- to. Dinner came, and there were sigUB of a change for the better ; but the doctor shook his head distrustfully, and declined to venture forth. Toomah had receded into the realms of utter impos sibility; but a short ride between the showers might yet be accomplished ; and so, like Maroiion at the Scottish Hostel, I went forth on my steed alone. _ I rode up the Bteep road I had explored on the pre vious evening, and again surveyed the fine prospect which had stretched before me from the rustic stav at the elevated point already described, and then I turned off through the wood in the direction of North field, scanning with curious eye the thick woods, glens, forest trees, fern trees, wild raspberry bushes, and luxuriant undergrowth as I cantered along. After proceeding for a mile or ao, my path took a downward bend through a grove of Eutalypti, the road being evidently laid out with a taste and care which made tne certain that I must be nearing the country, house of some wealthy resident; and, accordingly, I was not surprised when, on passing through a gate, I at length found myself at Northfield, the seat of Mr. Comrie. I had been prepared by Mr. Donnelly ' to see a beautiful spot, but I had again the plessnre of finding the reality surpass my anticipations. Northfield stands on the brow of the Kurrajong Mountain, protected, at the back, by a lofty fringe of forest land, but open to the entire range of tbe prospect already described. All the leading points of the view seen from Belmore Lodge are here again before the visitor, but, from the aspect being somewhat different, you have now a yet wider range to the north-east, and are able to look down upon tn extent of coun rv thai reaches from the dis- I taut hills of the Hunter River district right round to the neighbourhood of Windsor. As 1 eat on mv J horse in the open meadow land,' within which stand I Mr. Comfit's house and gmd'-ns, I c -uld not help ? bi ing forcibly struck with the grandeur of the scene. To the left was Northfield House, with its (lower gurden full of the choicest flowes. and below me vi re ii ..it gardens, orangeries, and orchards, in which the productions of England rod of Australia were obviously blended with a profusion that had a novel ar.d splendid effect. Below the otchards and kitchen, gardens were more fields of bright green grass, such as reminded me of Devon ; — thm a nsrrow belt of forest land still sloping downwards to an undulating bill country beyond. To the eastward, and southward of the farms of the Kurrajong, was the wide basin of the Hawkesbury, of which the serpentine course could be traced for many miles ; ar.d beyond that, again, an alternation ef rpen land and forest that was bounded by lofty blue mountains, at an immense distance. It was an admirable evening for the picturesque ; a succession of light and shade being produced by the weather, such as is seldom to be seen anywhere, and never exespt at such an elevation. Large tracts shone out brightly in the golden Tays of the evening sun, burst ing through many of the thick masses of clouds that still hung midway between the low country and the level of the eminence on which I then was. Here was sunlight, here deep shade ; and there again, sweeping along, were remote but sharply defined spaces in which the rain was descending with different degrees of density. The clouds were, however, for the most part, coming up steadily (rom the south, and not being desirous of having a showerbath when out for a ride, I turned my horse's head and rode smartly back to Belmore Lodge. Again I narrowly escaped a severe wettiDg, for by the tine I got to Donnelly's stables it came on to rain, and 1 had again the equivocal pleasure of hearing it come down heavily aB I sat at tea. The weather was still so gloomy on the following morning as to render it very doubtful whether an ex cursion would be practicable, until two or three sharp showers after breBkfas! decided the question in the negative. All, therefore, that we could do waB cheerfully to make the best of it, and to take refuge at once in the consolations of philosophy. My talented foreign friend, besides his other accomplishments, spoke English with a flu ency and propriety which many a British gentleman might have envied, and in numerous spirited discus sions upon men and things did we while away the time ; walking to and from upon the verandah of Bel more Lodge, or seated comfortably in one of the drawing-iooms. It was good practice for one not unused to fence with words, and defend controverted points, to parry some of the desperate home thrusts of Dr. Von R. 6t British foibles and prejudices; to become the advocate for some of the anomalies of our ancient constitution, and to shield some of our island notions from his pitiless logic. It was, moreover, an attack made in such a thoroughly free-lance style, without the smallest atom of anything but frank, chivalrous, good feeling, and admiration for all that he honestly could admire, that the brilliant satire of the man had in it really a touch of the complimentary. But I hoisted my colours of course, ar d fought desperately for everything through thick and thin ; if I waB often defeated, I think 1 may venture to say that, at all events, I never knew it. I certainly never yielded one inch until our hostesB summoned us to dinner. After dinner the weather was found to have taken a decided turn, and the horses having been ordered out, I acted as the cicerone to my learned friend, and shewed him the way to Northfield, with the scenery of which he was (as I thought he would be) very greatly pleased. As we rode leisurely back along the crest of the hill we met Mr. Donnelly at the cross roads near ihe big tree, and starling away to the south-westward, we jogged along a pleasant road on the summit of tbe mountain, behind the farmB of Mr. Barney and Mr. Scott in the direction of Bowenmount. One curious feature in this part of the Kurrajong District is the great number and excellence of the roads, a peculiarity which in such a secluded locality is something one is scarcely prepared for, hut which is a very agreeable circum stance to the visitor. Many miles of road have been opened along the mountain ridges for rides, drives, and walks,— each leading to various striking points, or connecting several points of this picturesque district. The road we now pursued had been made we found for several years for the personal conven ience of a gentleman residing in the district, and was at once a proof of his taste for beautiful scenery, and of his enterprise and engineering skill. It had been made so well, and so substantially, that it wee, although but seldom used, in almost as good a state as when it was first completed. We rode through the woods which are spread all over that portion of the Kurrajong, being so com pletely on the top of the range that every five minutes we had views on either side, — in the direction of Mount Toomah and the whole wild country, to the right of the mountains, and in the direction of Cum berland, far away to tbe left. Soon the character of the land entirely changed, and the road wound through a wilderness of twisted gum trees spread over masst s of rock, and patches of barren thirsty soil, where the grass-tree and the banksis were among the principal productions. Again the character changed, and we were favoured with more shade, and our eyes were, moreover, rejoiced at the sight of waratahs in full bloom — the first so seen by me for many a long year. Then we came to a break in the forest to the right, Bnd looked down into a deep and lonely valley surrounded by mountains, the sides of which were thickly clothed, with hundreds of thousands of trees, the dull brown foliage of which had, in the distance, a strangely wild and gloomy appearance. In this valley we were told the gentleman who had con structed the road on w hich we were travelling had built a good house, which had been long since suffered to go to ruin, tbe utter loneliness of the situation having rendered it insupportable as a dwelling-place. ThisValle Chiusa is supplied with plentiful streamlets, seldom or never dry, and where all the year round there is plenty of grass and water. Only by one Bteep and dai girous track can this spot be reached ; and so completely is it surrounded by moun tains and precipices, that it is sufficient to bar that road-way by a long sapling to keep cattle and horses from escaping. We rode down the pass to this barrier, and were irresistibly reminded of the pathway by which Scoti'a hero Roderick Dhu chival rosly led the bold Jamie Stuart safe out of his high land stronghold. It is a truly extraordinary place, and well deserving of a visit. Retracing our steps, for about half-a-mile, we re ascended to tbe main road and followed it to the south and south-eastward, in the direction of Bowenmount ; passing through dark overshadowed glens, along steep passes, through thick woods of strangely various trees, under hanging rocks by the way side, and over rush ing streams of cold, dark water. At length finding that we had still a very long way to go if we were to ride round by Bowenmount, and not liking that one of our party should risk his health by being out too late we beat a retreat, and arrived home soon after night fall, having spent a most agreeable day. On the following day I arose early, as most moun tain tourists do, to observe the weather, and was truly delighted to see every promise of a bright and glorious day. The atmosphere around me wob beau tifully clear, and I could see tbe blue highlands of Argyle and the hills on the sea coast with a charming distinctness. The sky was cloudless, and tinted with roseate hues from the rising sun, the same deep flush being spread far and wide ever a dense sea of fog covering the hill country of the Kurrajong and the low country of the county of Cumberland. This vast lake of Bnow was perfectly level for miles upon, miles, but here and there was a hillock of white vapour, which w as rosy on the one side next the sun and per fectly colourless on the other. The sight waa one of ravishing beauty, and lasted . long ; it must have been upwardB of half an hour from the time that I first saw it until it underwent any per ceptible change, and the hills began to show them selves like islands in this snowy sea. Gradually one eminence after another appeared, the forest clad hills began to loom mistily into sight. Then I saw the towns, tbe fields, and the river ; at first but imper fectly, and then with increased distinctness ; until at last the whole of the strange folds of that ghost-like robe by which that grand prospect had been en shrouded utterly vanished away, I fear I ehould overtask the patience of my reader should I continue to give him a circumstantial detail of all my stay at the Kurrajong Heights, and, as this sketch has already far exceeded the limits I ever intended it to occupy, I must hasten to a conclusion. This, ' my third day in the Kurrajong, was devoted to a long excursion ; Mr. Donnelly riding with me to ' the Meeting of the Waters,' a place where the Grose, after effecting its junction with a smaller river coming down from the mountains to the north-east, sweeps through an abrupt and fearful chasm in the moun tains into the county of Cumberland, where it falls into the Hawkesbury on its way to the sea. The ride to this spot was a journey in search of the picturesque such as Dr. Syntax might have envied, and that reverend man would moreover have doubtless enjoyed the alfresco meal that was made by the travellers after they had thoroughly explored this Australian ' Vale of Avoca,' as yet unknown in song. I shall never forget whfh we first came to the neighbourhood of the spot where the spectator can look down upon the scene. We hastily tethered our horses, and scrambling over the rock, stood at the head of the vullcy ; a noble amphitheatre of mountain, fores', and rivcr- scenery of the grandest character ? such as utterly defies description. The eye wanders from the heights of Toomah, in the distance, to the awfully i brupt precipices of the lofty mountains to the left, at the base of which runs, in its rocky bed, a laigi: river reaching back for miles, till hid from view by winding hills and highland scenery of the most magnificent kind. Immediately before the visitor, at the distance of about 1600 feet below, a mountain toirent rushes past to join the Grose, having on the right of it, a stupendous barrier of forest-clad moun tains, i nd, en the left of it, a lofty wooded eminence, upon the whole face of which you look down from the giddy elevation on which you stand. This priepcct is one of those things which cannot possibly be forgotten, and will always remain amongst tbe most agreeable of my recollections. We went home by a long and picturesque road, in which Mr. Donnelly took care that I should see all the lions of the locality. We reached home shortly before dark, end passed a most agreeable evening. On the next day I took leave of my friends, and left Kurrajong in tbe afternoon, only sorry that I could not make a longer stay. Before my final de parture I took another ride along the top of the moun tain, in company with a newly arrived visitor, and shewed him something of whatlmyself had seen. The Rev. Warden of St. Paul's, upon whom I called, cour teously expressed his regret that he had not been previously aware of my visit, in order that he might have shewn me some of the picturesque spots I had not yet visited ; a kindness for which I felt duly grateful, and which I may some day, possibly, recall to his remembrance. From Mr. Comrie, just before I started, I also had the pleasure of receiving a polite message to the same effect, and an intimation as to where some of those spots wi re which he would like me to visit. I should have trespassed upon his goodnature had I not learut, with much concern, that he was not in good health, and thertfoie ought not to be intruded upon bya com parative stranger. And so 1 came to the conclusion of my visit, returning in Partis's car to Richmond, — whence I proceeded to Sydney, delighted, as Ihad good reason to he, with my ' Trip to the Kurra jong-' 