I Obi WW E.ltl4n Mr Sladeri's Administration lis at present comjposed of four Ministers, ind great is . the rejoicing of the minority over the fao£ that^aa this number, is the. minimum allowed /by, ^ the Constitution, they will be able to meet Parlia% ment with the bold assertion : ^ We are a Government.' The f ate ' of the four other Ministers-expectant will'be decided atthe poll. Mr, O'Grady in South Bdarke and Mr, Gillies ; at Ballarat West will be accepted or rejectedi 1 on Monday. Mr Kerferd at the Ovens and one of the Villiers and Heytesbury pair will know I their fate on Wednesday next. With four Mi-f nisters there will be one in the Council and only three on the front ro^v of the Treasury jbenches in the Assembly. ; The elections; may add one or two to.their -number ; but' weak as they were before going to thecQnntry, jthey will, under the , most favorable ^ circum-. stances, be weaker still on their return. Every; utterance of their organ is now. aveiry wail of weakness. ?' Give ua a ohahce ; de ] noit: op pose our re-oleotibh,' ? was their 'first petition ; and now, when four of '.them' Mye, h^d ithe chance given them, they hail it as a great vie-' tory, and with all the ingratitude of sturdy ibeggars, snap their fingers and say 'Why did you not- oppose U3 in every district,' and ,settle the matter by keeping' tis all out*?' ! But, ' softly ! are they not shouting . before they, ,are clear of the wood ? Is it true that, they; hoW the requisite number in the two Houses ? ;'¥e' 'think not. The law says'that four Muusters; holding certaiia speoified portfolios must be in Parliament, but the Minister of Justice and the Minister of Mines are not in the list, ao that Mr Fellows himself does not count, and Mr Kerferd, should he -be elected, will be o^ no greater value. Should; the Liberals bo. suc cessful; in South Bourke, Ballarat West, and Villiers and Heytesbury, the new Ministry will be strangled in its birth. The' Government by despatches' will be itself despatched— ap- propriate ending to a, malaprop beginning. Two ciphers and two units— the probable force of the Ministry iQ the ABsembly^-add them up. us they may, will give no higher total than two.' To what desperation they may be driven in their weakness who can tell? No matter! their rage will not be very formidable, iaad.'ljE; the day of reckoning be deferred— the. fin,p,l settlement will be all the more complete. \^ ???????;.-' But if the Minister of Justice be ^cipher in the Assembly, he is somebody at Qaeens oliff. , He is not only a. big man b'imself , but he keeps one who is still greater. There is a superstition in Ireland that the,. ' boy' whb: can catch a ' leprichaune' and kc.ep him a close prisoner will never want foi? money. Mr Fellowshas improved upon thaiegend, and acts upon the principle that the m'an who con catch apolitical leprichaune in tl*e shape of a real live Governor will never; want for political capital. The Irish' leprlohaune is a slippery ,v little elf, full of tricka to get away— (the rea son, no dou.bt,..why.the Irish in Ireland are so poor) — but his Australian political counterpart is not nearly so 'cute, and can be held with: a good grip. The Minister ef Justice has got' him safe enough. Sir Henry Manners Sutton, although not a Hannibal, is wintering! at Capua, .and, although not: a fpUower 'of Ulysses (will pur classical readers , over look the liberty taken with the unities ?), is having presented to him the cup of Circe. Will he drain it ? It matters not. He cannot, well quarrel with MrPellowB after eating bis salt and making free over his mahogany. Even if he escapes from the Queensoiiff whirl pool, he cannot well keep -clear of the rooks of Toorak, where the revered? and reverend brother of the Minister of Justice gives to extremely select audiences stones for bread. : In the one place he is led to forget;. his duties, and in the other he has his duties .in stilled into him with forty -parson power. Never was Governor taken better care of. If he is out of condition it is not from want of assiduous grooming.. ' Opinions differ «s to the propriety of these things. The ?» consti tutionalists' are, of course, delighted.' 'But. what would they say if the Governor were 'to take it into his head to keep oscillating 'be tween Higinbotham Hall and Dr. Carms's church by way of a change ? They nee d not, however, b» alarmed; the thing is nx^ jikely to happen.' The friendship of t-lQ 'vile, faction' is even more fatal to Governors than thei* enmity. The political career of Sir Henry Manners Snttoii is a'r. «?» drawing to a close, and his recall may be looked for before the 'end of the year. :^ : »?? . There are two political associations whose . mission is to enlighten the constituencies1 and : look after the registration of electors.. One of' them, with Mr Moses Alexander as its prophet, J ?has never held a .public meeting, and is not ; supported by a singleauxiliary society in the - country districts.. The other caurts publicity, : and spreads like a network over the whole land. ? Its growth is spontaneous, and the enthusiasm in favor of the objects it has in view is not loud, , but .profound. At the rate at wBok the! Loyal | and Liberal movement is progressingV the \ number. of affiliated associations, which may already bo counted by the score, jwillreaoh, to i hundreds before long. How is this, if , as the organ 'of* the other association asserts, the people are nearly equally divided on .the great ) political question which agitates the' colony ? j The people are very patient, , but : if- there be I n^uch mora tampering : with H their un- j doubted rights, ' these Reform associa tions will liiake B^uch ; a demohstratioia \ of thejr peacefal power as will scare the shallow; - wita of : ;the , praters y about : constitutiorialismH-a matter about which the f ignorant Upper HduBd cbnstituenoies know as ? much as they do.; about the roots' in Sanscfit'. The two rival associations are nvot maptillristra tions pf ,the difference : between^mgpr and impo tence. :. Time was 'whentbve; Victorian Associa tion possessed* some degree of ' vitality^ -but its successor is : a'iaere^ ghost 'of that 'gr^at^rgani satipn, and, the'.age ,pf; belief., in Jsuch^appari- j tipns has passed away, r o .? . ?. !.' -:- r .-?.;-' ?. '— i^i ? i ?- '--. ? i — ?.- : ????).?? -The influencelbf ' ^Mr.. Grant is no longer felt ! in' the Land Office, and Mr Gillies has aiready | set to work, to; lmock0downJii3 p'egs.,1 The I radius within which the . forty-second clause operates' was originally ten miles. It was afterwards practically extended to,' twenty ! miles ; and now ' it has ? been ' determined j to return to the original boundary. This i is tantamount to a repeal, of the; clause, for : the avsalable land within the '? original limits has l)eeh taken up. ! The area- of a circle with0 a twenty-mile radius is four' times the area! of' .a ^circle '.of ten jmiiesijadius, so that. the .qhan ge will withdraw from the free j selector three-f on xths of the land now available: But? the mischief 'does npt stop here', 'f Jr the free selector ^ and the1 miner ' will' be' brqught ; into collision.; i Tine new, regime at, the i;.Land Office say that the -iree selector rniust not take the non-aurxferpus: lands outsiae , the:. ten-mile ; radius,-and tnemiiuersof course object to his ! fencing-in auriferouff lands ,within that bouri- ! dary. Ill-will will :..\y e' thus ^engendered and I mutual injury, inflioted.' Mr .Gillies;, is, clearly put of his ^ place in the Land Office. v Hetwould be a more useful ; member of society if; he were to take a situation as an assistant in some1 re tail shop, of. light' porter in a store, as probably he will do. after! he is turned out of .Ballarat [ West/'/',.'',;; ';?-?.,,,:?' 'yV.V' ' o'1, -. ??'?? '-'? V:.;V./ ! . It is always an nngracions task to find fault J with the doings of the managing bodies uvott i public charities; The gentlemen who give up their valuable time to' attend com mittee meetings do so,, we feel assured, in'; ahnpst every instance from a pure sense of '?? duty, and are more apt to go wrong from an ' anxioua desire to be very much in the right, \ than from any other cause. But that they do go ! wrong, and that egregiously at times, , is but ; too .evident, and when that is the case it would i be a mistaken piece of politeness to refrain i from telling them of ' it.r -The dismissal :bf j Dr. Moloney from- his post ' as one . of the; resi- ! dont surgeons of the Melbourne Hospital was ! a wrong act done T'in~a very wrong way. , The ? committee may have had reason to complain of something amounting at times abnost. to in- \ subordination on the part of members of the medical staff, resident and non-resident,: but thewaY to restore order is to exercise a: uni form and judicious, firmness. The system ' which, it appears, has lound iavor with them, is an alternation, of extreme laxity and extreme i severity, the tendency of whioh is to produce the very evils they wish to abate.'. The ! consequence* of their last act has. been j to exoite latent dissatisfaction into open ; mutiny. A certain degree of oppesition among j ruling powers is favorable to .efficiency ; but! when the, salutary limit is: passed, and . ani^ j mosity excited, the machinery of itbie institu- ; tiOn is thro'svn but of gear, discipline destroyed, j thevefficien(iy of the institution impaired, and1 j the confidence of the public Bhaken. .Some thing more th'an good intentions— -sound judg ment, is reqwred from the members'; of ! managing 'comiai^teeW ;. ? . -: , : There are two Jraiidings within a stonp's I i throw of each other, which have not realised I the expectations indulged in at their i inaugura tion, these are the iTrades Hall and the' Royal | ; Society. Some good, service has np( doubt ' been done by both, btit th'cj list of their, short- - ! comings is longer than1, that of; their triumphs. I Tho i rosemblanco bet voen them -has been j 'dray/ n closer than : ever»' The medical men of ) J Mel' oourne assembled in great force on Thurs- j !day, night, in the Bbyal Society's -buildihg, 'thf ur ostensible object being the establishment 'of a Meaico- Ethioal Society. ? The work that j ? w as actually taken in hand was the formation j ;c'/f a Medical Trades Union. Now the'right of j ; -the doctors to unite for mutual protection ; oonnot be fairly impugned ; but why not call i things by tlieir proper names ? And why , should the Royal Society's building have been ; appropriated to the uses of a meeting which | ' (should have been held in the rival establish- j :ment over the way? , If the doctors' trades j uniori has anything to do with Ethics,1 the '' 4iovjB8»painter0 ahoulcl go in for ^Esthetics, the eight'-hours meni.ifor Hygienics,- and; spfon.j SerieuslyjWe,, sympathise withmedical m'en,j for.they are n?idre fre'qaently imposed 'upon! than the membtira of any other profession ; but; we would rather 'see .their position improved j by moral suasion, than by any pressure brought; by themselves to* bear on their patients. ? They; have more to lost ) than to gain by entering into ' a^vulgar' trade combination. The'; Medico-! E j;hj,oa4 Spciety has ; ,. not , made a good be- ' ginning. ? .?.???-? .':!-' .? :u; ' , ? ?? J ?? . - - ?.-?:??; r-:.-;- i : , No medical nuovemeht ? would' be complete; unless pr. Halford were at thehead of it. ! He | is quite a colossus, and on this occasion we ! find'him with -ohe foot in ^ the. new society and 'the other in the new hospital. His practice is .«! limited' from the incompatibilityof his position as a professbt in the' University with that' of -a 'general practitioner ; but that makes ; his patronage of. the; trades union all the. more dis interested* Hehaa a higher object i in .yiewin | taking, posse»3sion in prospect of the new Alfred i ;Hbspitali -He -wishes it to -be annexed to j Ms own . niedical i3chool at the University, ! and a iarga:,grant of money to be placed at j m's disposal for, carrying on. experiments with j snake) bite antidotes., 'Here is the modest pro posal in his; own words: — 'In snake- i poisoning v we have to deal yrith';(a' 069 .'ditibh ..'of ( the system .of jWhioh w;e ', are tptailyJ:ignorari|rT^just jas; in chfllera,|; diph- 1 .theria,;.: scarletf) fever, &o.;,; and :;in) .which j all forms of ;treatmfent have been equally ino- 1 cessful and ?unfortunate—:-komceopathic,^'alld- pttthici vSfio. .To'detail ttie yaribns^metKbds j.Jand apparently successful in these cases,' wouId:peLtp iBtartleyourreaderftby their bppositeness.yit is to be hoped, howe'yer, that tMs young colony will really take a:iiand: in ; these/matters1,,3 that halve 'been .top,, long negieoted,' not 'only . here' bu't elsewhere. A fine opportunity is .at hand— the .Prince Alfred;Hospital should) be ,an; ^Qstitu tiorifori the especial purpose ^of the Bt'udy of i disease,' and, in my bpiriion,' should be in con nectibri \vith bur University. A .' li^rge sum, - howeverj should be set 'aside for the expenses of | a competent, pathologist, to discover the: paths ;of disease threugh the ; system;' There; is 'just 'pnelittle objection to the scheme. vGP^pple 'are'taken to; the hospital 'to. be c'ured-^-to.' Have 'tHet4iseas8 takfn but.pf -them, instead pf. Eay- ihg-its.paths through fhe body explored: iby.-( a -thebrist.i Shires ' himself would ob'jecfrfco Jgb j to' such' ' ah1 establishment ',] unless ; he^waVweTll ! -.:?.::'? ?-'--_?= ..0 !.?.:?..?.???.:?.-.: V ..-iV;.':;' ; ?'.;-- c -.y.MU if. j ; .Very elaborate instructions have been issued, j (the object of ^wliich is to -tell ladies how not to 'msf admission to (he firallerv of -the 'Exhibition Building on , the' occasion 01 k the ''', Governor'^ : 'l^yee on theJQu^en's Birthday. To. have^ld | them how to ;obtaui admission iwouldhayetbeen j \--tbo 8imp'leia proceedings ;We should besorry ! tb, suppose that the 'instractions are. Intended i as a polite intimation ' to 'the ladies that' they ; arenot wanted ; but to tell tne truth the'lordsp? ; the creation dp; not show, to advantage on such ocoasions, and. the knowledge, that fair! but ''critical eyes are.' Bent 'on them does nbt'S'dd fb ;their dignity. At ,'th4 'samo1 time^ biir fair readers may rest' ,assured ihat' they will, lose nothing; by staying at hpmej and they. will reap a positive gain; if - they go ;on some pleasure' excursion with a little more excitement in it.,( i ^The , Mei^ouhie.Chambe a meeting during the week, and passed :a re solution that a. letter should be addressed, to the Chief Secretary, ?expounding; the 'views of the Chamber in regard to the establishment1 of ! a; fortnightly mail ?service with; England ,^a! Galle and Suez. ? The views of the Chamber! are tersely described as being the same: asi those ??'?? recorded on previous oocasions.'.' i Itj might reasonabljf have been expected mat ine; Chaiiaber would 'have addressed itself 'to the; consideration of the new phase of the .mailj question opened, up by the. proposals; brought' from England by last mail for the. establish-! ment of a regular Urie of fall-power steamers | Vound the Cape of 'Good Hope, ^^ the voyage to| be accompUshed An forty-six days, and the! ,whole of the, vesatila land the; requisite .capitalj to be Bupplied wiiuhout oallingfor any cpntri-| bution beyond a.- moderate Bnbsidy from thej colony. If the ideas of the Chamber on thej matter of a disj'anot line via the Cape ofj Good Hbpa:are the 'same as those recorded! on a previous occasion,' they will be favorable, enough. But the Chamber, hiis alBO -recorded! .ppiniona favorable to, the. Panama route; so' that on the whole it would have been well if the' ^meeting had gone into the whole question and considered it by the light of recent infbrma tion,'.and with a due regard '. to the .immense; progress' made in .ocean, steam nayigatiqn pij late years; If ; the Ohamber can .do nothing ^more ? than point to 'the contradictory --aro-j cord- pf former proceedingsi , its influence as ; a, 'AAmMAMntnl *' Dtivii tvm ftrif TTrtTIQf. TVfl ATI . f.llA Wll,n6i and the Parliament in Spring-street ia not likely ?te iittaob much itapor.ttince to, its . antiquarian ' records.' The ;adoption of the dkeotOapn Toute must be 'made a colonial question. Every man and woman 'must feel an interest ! in, it^ and the. very' insttnots of 'the masses, tp say nothing of, their ,superipr intelligence, , wilj lead them to a truer conclusion .than,: that arrived atrby the purblind udvocates of ,1a inoreaded ; monopoly by the most ? expehsiv? and.leaBt'usefal rotute. . . ; ; ? .'?. r A dying' man, and contending ' hosts ofj bailiffs and money'-londers fighting for his fur-j nituro. ThepicWo is a sad one— so s,ad thatj in contemplating it, an effort isrequired tppro* vent pure sympathy from; running away with the judgment. Aman borrows monby when he is in'diffioultiea.. His'difiioultios are irioreased By the neoesBity of 'paying high rates of in t'eroBt. Ho ong/ at to know that the ohnnooa nra against his ever extricating himself, and he Bhpuid make .up his mind to' the demand far payment being made at an inconvenient time. The money-lender knows very well that he will .probably have to resort to harsh measures, arid that, to secure himself - against loss, he may have to be reckiess of the feelings of This vio- tims.' It is a part of his business to disbelieve tales of distress, and he fancies that people who owe him money have no right to be ill. It is no part of his business to know, the extent of their illness. ? There are tender-hearted pawn 'brokerff, no floubt, in' the world, .but they can not I afford ;to ^^ indulge their feelings in their business, just as there are pious publicans, wlio show yery little solicitude for the bouIs of nob fbler-buyers. Instead, therefore, of descanting fon the inhumanity of money-lenders, we would drawa moral for thobenefit of money borrowers. The inahwho feels himself compelled to borrow * money on valuable furniture should consider : whether it would not be better to sell hia ma hogany and rosewood and buy deal or cedar. jHeinay require, a -great amount of 'moral cou rage to do so, but it is the only Bafe course, and; if at .: the. same time he 1 remove into a smaller ;house,; sand, otherwise cut down ex penses,- he is almest certain to emerge from his diffiouHies in triu.mph.' -Thege'hard, practical remarks must not', however, b'e set ;dpwii aa haying any bearing , on the sympathy , that should be felt for the unfortunate and uncon scious vie tirna of ., business J miscalculitions. ,I?lie jCase, pf the, w|do^ -and -'.the ^orphan is _pne ^Vhich calia for pure, i unadulterated sym pathy; ?.-.-,? ??:::!?--?.?:;?.?'.: ir'- :::?,:?( l-:'-':C ?..'?.?.''.?[ r-.'i -'?^?. ?(,.-. ,.,)?-...:.: i-,f^--. ..,-,'( :?'???.,? ?:/ h'.v,: !'..-.-'.---t. .iiiji:!' -rty.r.'.'.M \\-.:-aiW. rvjViOK. ??;?.? ?? 1 :' MELBOURNE1,' SATURD.AY,' 23bd MAY.,' 