FACETL2B. Why is a modem Reformer like a flea (with oar apologies to Mr Disraoli) ? Because he is given to 'leap in the dark.' A Surgical Jouhnal speaks of a man who lived five years with a ball in his head. Jones sarB he has known ladies to live twice as lone wiiu uoinmg duo pans m tneir heads. Wht ib a lawyer's profession not only legal but religious ? Because it involveg 0 knowledge of the law and a love of the profits (prophets). .... ' Whatever made you marry that old wo man ?' said a motherto her son. ' You're al ways telling meto choose, a wife like my mo ther',' was the dutiful reply. A Person pretending to have seen a ghost, was asked what the apparition said to him. ' How should I know ?' he replied ; ' I am not skilled in the dead languages.' Jones complained of a bad smell abotit the post-office, and asked Brown ? what it could be. Brown, didn't know, but sug gested that it might be caused by the dead letters. ? . A Friend, having met - Sheridan, asked him how he fared ? ' Oh,' answered Sheridan, ' I have turned over a new leaf, and now go on like clockwork.' 'Ay,' replied the other, 'tick, tick, tiok.' ?? ; ' ? ? : . Proclaiming the Banns.— ^Jonathan pre sented himself and his intended to tho minis ter for the purpose of beiug matried. Being questioned if they had been published, 'Oh, I guess so, for I told '©ncle Ben, and he told his wife more than a week ago.' Two Fbhenss were dining together, one of whom remarked. ' As I am going abroad I have made mv will; and I have beaueathed to you my whole stock of impudenco.' The other replied, ' you are very generous as well as kind ; you have left me by far the largest portion of your estate.' r Doing- Business ' whilst Bathing. — A client, whilst bathing at sea, saw .his lawyer rise up, after a long dive, at his side. ' Ho, there, Mr ? , have you taken but a warrant against Burt?' ' He is in quod,' replied the agent, and dived again, showing his heels as a parting view to his client ; nor did the latter hear more of his interview with the shark until he got his account containing the entry, ' To consultation at sea, anent the incarceration of Burt, 6s 8a.' . ' A Patriot Let Down. — New Yorkeleotor to candidate at a contested election: 'Did yp,u say you had font the British and Injuns?' ' Yes, Bir.' V Did you say you had slept on the ground while serving your country, with out any kiver?' 'I did.' 'Did you say your feet kivered the ground you walked over with blood ?' 'Yes,' replied the speaker, exultingly. ' Well, then,' said the sympathetic _1 ? _1 ? 1/ Till ? Till ? *' ' ?? 1* a -ii' ' elector, ' I'll guesB I'll vote lor t'other fellow, for I'll be blamed if you ain't done enough for your country.' A Cold PuRGAT®BY.--Jt is carious to notice from time to time' how anecdotes crop up to show us how great a punishment the sensation of cold becomes amongst those who ore unable to procure adequate food and clothing. The story runs that a Scotch divine, whilst preach ing to his flock in the extreme north of our island, painted the infernal regions as desolated by perpetual ice, aad when remonstrated with by a Southerner for his heresy, declared that he did it all for the best, inasmuch as, if he hadpaipled hell as a hot place, every one of his parishioners would havo tried to get there. — '. The Preservation ef Health,' by Thomas InmemiM.D.f'inlhe Medical Mirror* An_ Irishman, fresh from the Green Isle, was engaged a few months since by a farmer in the Ararat district, hiring himself as a la borer and generally useful person in' all thingB pertaining to. matters agricultural and domes tic;' but in consequence of his very original ideas as to the way services of this nature should be rendered, the proprietor of the farm had occasion to speak to him in a manner that waa far from flattering to his Belf-love. Dur ing the harvest time just past, he was en trusted with some errand of more than usual iirmortanfie which he ' mnlled' with more than usual carefulness ; and on returning to de scribe the circumstance, his master after losing all control over his temper, informed him that he was a 'muff,' a ' sujee.'.'a 'counterfeit,' and gave him many other elegant appellations in which the colonial vernacular is so peou liarlyrich. At length he told Pati in high dis gust, that he was nothing but' a 'wooden man.' ' There's where yer out now,' said Pati losing his temper at the last expression, which he dimly understood ; 'I'm not a wooden man, but a Cork man to the baok-bone, an be jabers if it goes to that, ye cob pay me me wages and let me go.' After Several Gases had been heard in one of the Cork courts lately, it was discovered that, all the witnesses had been sworn on a volume of Thomas a Kempis' and not on the New Testament, and the cases had all to be heard over again, the evidence given tinder suoh oircamat&nces; being illegal. The Distribution op' Labor. — 'Wo do not aoBiu tu uiuuugo ituu tutjimrauon or circuiauou of labor well in this country, and the difference betweea the remuneration of skilled and un skilled workmen would appear to be more' than ib warranted either by their relative intrinsic values or their relative natural rarity. Within one week the newspapers have mentioned in cidentally three I aots, which, read in juxta position, are by no means satisfactory. In the east of London the number of able-bedied paupers who can obtain ?a'o employment, and apparently will have to be supported this winter, as they were last winter, by charity,' is desoribed as very formidable, and asinoreas? ing at the rate of nearly 1000 a week. In. Dorsetshire, and' some other purely agricul? tural counties, the labsrers are subsisting .on earnings of about ' 10s a week for the whole family, and think themselves luoky when they can obtain 12s. At the Bametinse'the Newcastle Chronicle, in a paragraph headed 'Bepression in the Iron Trade,' announces this closing of Beyeral furnaces and yoiling xnills, because the workmen refused jto accept 6s, 8s andt 10s per day respectively— out. of which, however, they would, of Qourse, have, had to pay for some ossiBtan,&e.; Mr Barningham says he could not obtaiD. an order at a price that would, be remu norctive while paying the present wages.: He ' is stated to have assorted that it was .his belief that he could keep the mills going during the winter if a reduction in the rate of wageB were made, for this would enable him to take orders which were in the market. This reduction ia variously stated at from 10 to 25 per cent. Mr Barningham is understood to have offered to'rollers 10s per day, hammermen 8s 6d, and puddlefs 6s. These amounts have been re funed by the men, although it iB believed they would not object to some small abatement. Here we have hundreds of men refusing two guineas a week in one district, hundreds or thousands of others glad to get 10s a week in another, and hundreds or thousands again in a third district unable to earn anything at all.— Pall Mall Qasette, 