QUEENSLAND IS A PIASTORAL COUNTRY. " Queenesland is a pastoral conntry," It's aell for you telling me Ihat, Not a ghost of a pratie or cabhage, Will grow on my hill-side or flat. The round I am tired of watering, It iatsle the whlole world itto sticks: I weat to the garden for cabbage, But bfound I had nothing but bricks. The heat is a Maution to serpenBs, 'Tie an illhgnt country for flaos, Musquitoce, black snahen, and guana Inhabit tihe land and the trees; They're the equatters whose tenure is fixed, Their title, dispute it who please Talk of routing the?se devils--the Maoris, Try your hands boys awhile upon these. Myself and a score of the .furphy's, tBlood rel insa of all Ith, O'Toole'e, Came to Queeosland, and thouglht it was wisdom, To find onurseles grinned at for fools. By jabers, I wislh 1 hIal Jordan lTied fast round the teck to a tree, For soawing su:h hunkum in Ireland, I'd make lum dance capers for toe. BOIARDO. Goondiwindi. For tle past week thie weather laes been high?lr farvour able to faraling and grazing operationls. We had four hours steady rain on last Sunday, and there is non a hope that sorae of the whitat crops in the district will be saved; tie grass too, is everywhlere springing up with a greenness and vigour that almost justifies the charaeter bestowed on this district as being the garden of Queensland.-IWareick Argus. The following report of the work done at tihe Gympie crushing machines was furnished to the local journal by the respective managers :--TnREnKELn't has crushed 42 tons from the prospectors' claim, Caledonian Reef, for a yield of 1278 oze. as retorted, and 1226 ote. as assayed. We are requested by the shareholders of this claim to state that they were highly satisfied with thie working of the machine, and the attention of Mr. Courtenay, the manager. A trial of 5 tons from No. 2 south Columbia Reef was crushed on Thursday; the yield was 6 oze. 18 dwtes. 12 grs. From No. 1 south West Coast Reef tlhecre is now 10 tons being crushed, as also a lot of 6 tons from No. 2 north Victoria. On Monday a lot from No. 1 north Perseverance will be commenced. PIONsEER. A trial lot from No. 1 south All Serene Reef yielded 1 os. 15 dwte. to the ton. Is now engaged upon 60 tone from the prospecting claim Victoria Reef. Pro grese necessarily slow, as one battery is now idle. CnEra COMnr?er.-This 20stamper machine is nearly completed; thle engines are fixed, and the erection of the batteries is all but completed. Will be ready for work in about a fortnight. VzCTOna. Has had one battery employed on 68 tons or loads from prospectors' claim, Lady Mary Reef, fora highly satisfactory yield, and remaining two batteries on 300 tone from the prospectors' claim, New Zealand Reef. EN? BP?EarTSE.-Has crushled 100 tons from the pros pectors' claim, Smithfield Reef, for a yield of 98 ozs., and 80 tons from No. 3 south Mnland Reef, for a high yield-not yet known. Now engaged on 50 tones from No. 5 south Lady Mary, and 100 tons from No. 1\. south Monkilnd. Some excitement was manifested amongst our towns. people yesterday in reference to the iheravy finds in the "Golden Bar" claim (Murphy and Floyd), Walker's QGUlly. A part of the tone brought in on Tuesday was burnt and crushed by hand yesterday. When the result of the whole of the atone is obtained we shlall publish the yield. Of course there was some inquiry for shares in the rich claim, but up to last night we believe tshat no transactions were completed. In onre instance £90 weas offered for half a share, the hiolder asking £100; btfore the bargain was struck, howerer, another ol the"Golden Bar" holders arrived at the Joint Stock Bank with 150 ounces of specimens and old, ithe whole contalining about 100 ouanea of gaold. Tie wna tie yield of a couple of dishes ot stuff Ilro, the same insignificant- looking hole in Walker's Gully. The specimens brought in on Tuesday are really magm ficent, end look like an artifirial mixture of atone and gold.-Oympie Timee, October 22. 