LETTERS TO THE EDITOR. A RITUALIrfriC CATHEDKAL. Per favour of the Newcastle Chronicle. Sir — I enclose herewith au extrnct taken from Tin Hod, a now unti-ritualistic newspaper, pub lished in London, aud very ably edited and con ducted. At tho present time, just on the eve of the erection of a Cathedral iu Newcastle, the article inuy not be out of plnce in your cdlumns, and for ought I know, may produce a beneliciul effect on tho minds of the gentlemen who consti tute tlie new Cathedral Building Committee. I remain, yours. &c;, J. BINGLE, Sen. Symbolism Ron Mad. — The different parts of tho Cathedral represent, in tho perpendicular aud thu extended urnis, the different parts of the cruei tied body of o ur Saviour. Th ub the furthest and caatwood in the corona, or tlie tflory which is to stream from the east. Tlie apsis typifies the Pa93ion or the crown of thorns. Here are alao tho Chnpols of ' Our Lady,' and of 'Saint John,' or of the ' Holy Ghost,' or of the mys tical interpreter of the 'manifestation.' There are to be found the insignia of these dill'oront phases of the .Christian verity, the most abun dantly in this part of the Oathedrul. Here all uofers to thorn. The upper end of chancal refers to the head aud face. The lower end of the clinncel implies the neck, and the flag one of the shoulders. The slope northeastward of the chancel indicates the dependent head of our Blessid Lord at tho moment of the tinnl consu mmation, when the words which saved tho world were uttered, ' It is finished !' Proceeding westward, the north transept is tho right arm, the north eastern porch is the right hand. The central boss, where the spring groins meet, is the ' nail' to the right hand,. introducing to the octagonal chapter-house, also eight-sided for certain inyatic reasons, Thu proper place of a ' Chapter-house' in on the left hand sides of a Cathedrai, proceeding from the easternmost angle. At the intersection of the perpendicular aud lateral linea, or axis, or centre of gravity of the Cathedral, is tho chest and hunrt, from which the tnll central tower nud steeple riso. This nuvo represents tho lower two-thirds of tho crucilied body. The faet is whoro the ' Galiioo' is placed. ' Lat us go up to Giililtie' — at which end of the Onthedral mas tho general access of tho people. Tiie western end of a church is the place for the font — whioh has its name from fo-w — fountain; the living water struck fro m t tlie rock of ages, from which, aa the immoral flower, the whole deitind body of our Lord is supposed to rise. Ae is the flower, or last expression of creation — tho Persian nawiitz— the new rose, or llpse of Sharon, tha 'rose cruuiiied' for the sins of humanity. Hence, and from certain other rea sons, cinne tho Order of the Rod On as, the ros, rossi, or rosi-urucians, who.se device was the rose cTucifitsd upon Calvary. Hence, and from the fh'sfc Chvistiiui dcliiioationn of the cross camo thu tlio red oi'»83 iu it.g liuld of immaculate white as dopi«»*-afl in the bannorette borne aloft by the Afiiin* -Die-, who was siicrilicotl for our sins, nud timt sufl'.Jrotl blameiusely. Tlieio is 11 farther still mow profound meaning, as indicating tunni fostation, in the hifnrcation or hifalcatior. of this sacred h.iimcr. The Ohiistiun ivd cross alao, iu its spoUess tiokl, is tho symbol, and supplies tho insignia, of the Archiiu^le Jlichael, the ohampion and leader of tho hosts of benven in tho cisasu loss war against tho powers of darkness. Tliis ml cross on whilo is also that of the tutelary typo of Saint Miclvtol, when represented as the saint and hero on earth — Saint fiaorge. — War- oitAVF. Jexnixo i, i\i t!it Churr-li Ntica, 