CORRESPONDE NCE. NOTHING LIKE LAW. To the Editor of the Guardian. 4 Sib,'—Personal antagonisms at Wal 1 assumed a new phase festorday, I when an infinitesimal ti-ibmph was ac | corded to a bilictns clique by the con I fession of a meaningless injunction by | an amiable Warden of the gold-fields. | Some time since, a cbtinge took place 3 in the management of the North Gipna \ land Co. here. The claim hrtil p'rc i viously been falling gradually into dls 3 repute, until at the period of (he f change alluded to, the shaies in tl.o i company were saleable only at h price ! representing not nearly the value of the r! crushing plant. Since that period a 3 change has tuken'place, the shares have | increased in value three-fold, and the | claim bids fair to take that position I I sniongst the Walballa mines winch it 3 should never have forfeited. There t are people ill-natured enough to say \ (and even to swear it), that the success | hnder the new management was deemed j a con3ure upon the old nno, and that | therefore, the drag of a law suit must j needs be put upon the North Gippslnnd Co., in order to sooth wounded self-love :) in other quarters. I Iwsitnte to believo j such things as that; but I cannot re i (use credit to what is currently reported j in Walballa to-day. ' I am assured'that I yesterday the following legal farce took | place in the back-rodm of Yarra's public > house. A legal gentlettmn made an i application to AJr Warden Poster for | an injunciion to restrain the North | Gippslnnd Co., from working on i Humphrey'* claini adjoining thum on, ( the north. The application was made ( on behalf ol the Walhalla Co., who | claim to have an equitable right «o that j ground in connexion with an equity j suit now pending in the Supreme ! Court. The manager of the \ North Gippsland Company having | accidentally heard that this application I Vm to be made, attended to deny j that he or his company bad the slightest I intention of intei fering wiih or defraud* j ing eithor Humphreys or the Walhalla Co., to show that he was always willing | to do the most ample justice to every I body around (inn, and to protest against ] tho granting of any "injunction" | against him, in the same. way as a peaceable and law-abiding citizen would stoutly protest against being bound over to keep the ponce, when ho had never dreamed of breaking it. He might as well have stayed away, how ever, for Mr Warden Foster, who had kindly consented specially to wait for n 'couple of hours while the necessary documents were drawu up, granted tho injunction as<kol for, remarking to the effect that he could not seo any grout harm it would do tho North Gippsland Co., leyoud depreciation tbn value of tbe shareholder's propeity! Upon my woH, I think it would almost have been l"^ter io I'ave hin t thti revengeful frel (,..^s of a few people here than to hare 'done that. But, of course, it is all a matt or of opinion. If I may credit my informant, (and I am sure I may, especially on sucb matters) there were questions not only of opinion, bu'. of law involved in this little affair. Mr Warden Poster by his action in this matter .shows us quite clearly what a fool his brother warden Mr Butler was in affirming that the Walhalla C<J. had not a ghost of a legal title to the spare ground ; but it does 'strike me as unusual for one court to disregard the decision of another at'd coordinate court. Again, the 204th section of the Alini/g Statute expressly sets forth thai a Warden may grant an injunction upon an ex parte application when there is a pressing emergency. Is it possible that Mr Warden Poster had in Lis mind's eye tho highly probable contingency that the North Gipp»Jand Co. would, after having plundered tbe spare giound, roll its valuable claim, its extensive crushing plant, and its new pump, into n swag and elope up the hill? I do not thitk any intellect less astute than that of n harden of tho gold-fields would have recognised tbe <l pressing emergency " of providing against this danger 1 Seriously speaking. I must say that tho provisions of the Mining Statute Were interpreted a little ' freely in this 'ca»e, und I prefer the law manufactured in tho Legislative Chambers, with all its faults, to the law (however improved) enacted in tho Warden's Chambers at Walhalla. —I am sir, v'dur ' obedient sorvaflt, CORNWALL. VValhalla, Feb. 27, 1868. 