CONSECRATION OF ST. ANDREW'S CATHEDRAL. (Abridged froa the S. M. Herald.) Om Monday morning, in the presence of a very great concourse of persons, the Anglican Cathedral of St. Andrew in this city, was consecrated accord ing to the rites and ceremonies of the Church of England by the Metropolitan Bishop (the Right Rev. Dr. Frederick Barker), who was assisted by the suffragan prelates-the Biehous of Adelaide. Mel bourne, Newcastle, Brisbane, Goulburn, and Tasma nia-together with the Dean of Sydney, Canons Vidal, Stack, King, and O'Reilly, and a large body of clergymen. This fine building has, therefore, after the lapse of many tedious years, at length been opened for the performance of Divine service, in conformity with the use of the Church of Eng land. At half-past ten o'clock the Metropolitan and his six suffragan bishops began to assemble in the tem porary building on the north side of the cathedral, where they were joined by about seventy clergymen. Thence the prelates (in their episcopal habits) with their clergy (vested in hoods, stoles, and surplices) walked in procession across the enclosure on the north of the church to the great western entrance, where they were met, at about five minutes to eleven o'cloek, by the Very Rev. Dean Cowper with other members of the chapter of the cathedral. There the Dean, on behalf of the chapter, presented to the Metropolitan the formal petition for the consecration of the Cathedral Church of St. Andrew; and the document was read aloud by Mr. Barker, the registrar of the diocese. The Metropolitan Bishop intimated that it was his intention to comply with the prayer of the petition, whereupon the dean and chapter having joined in the procession, the Metropolitan (followed by the other bishops and clergy in' attend ance), proceeded up the middle aisle to the altar. repeating alternately the 24th Psalm (Doesini eat terral. The bishops having taken their places within the communion rails, the sentence of conse cration was read by the Chancellor and signed by the Metropolitan. The document was banded to the registrar to be registered, which being done it was returned by that officer to the bishop, and by him laid upon the communion-table. Then the Metro politan standing on the north side of the Lord's table turned to the congregation and said :-" Dearly beloved in the Lord. forasmuch as devout and holy men, as well under the law as under the gospel, moved either by the secret inspiration of the Holy Ghost, or by the express command of God, or by their own reason and sense of order and decency, have erected houses for the public worship of God, and separated them from all profane and common uses; which godly practice bath a manifest tendency to 611l men's minds with a becoming reverence to the Divine Majesty, and to affect their hearts with devotion and humility in the service of God: let as humbly hope that our Heavenly Father. will favourably approve our present purpose of setting apart this place in solemn manner for the performance of the several offices of religious worship; and let us faithfully and devoutly beg his blessing on this our under taking." Then followed the Lard's Prayer, in which the whole congregation (consisting of be tween three and four thousand persons) joined; and next, was said the prayer " O, Eternal G(d;" after which, the Metropolitan repeated the six collects having special reference to the future ministrations of the church in that building, imploring Divine blessing up' n the same. The morning service then commenced, the psalms and lessons being appropriate to the ceremony. The collect used was that of St. Andrew's Day, with a special prayer for the occasion. In the ante- communion service the opening prayers were read by Dr. Short, the Bishop of Ade laide. Dr. Thomas, the Bishop of Gnulhern, read the Epistle; the Gospel being read by Dr. Perry, the Bishop of Melbourne. In this service, as in the Order for Morning Prayer, there were several special prayers for the occasion; one after the Collect for the Queen, and one after the Prayer for the Church Militant. The first anthem (in the Morning Prayer) was the let, 2nd, and 4th verses of the 84 h Psalm, Quem Dilecta (Richardson). The first hymn was. Christ is Made the Sure Foundation-(St. Werburgh) and the second, that before the sermon, was the well-known hymn beginning with these words " Jesus calls us o'er the tumult," &c.-;(Batti). In consequence of the length of the service there was no voluntary. The preces and resronses were Tatli's, and the Venite, that by Philip Hayes. The chants of the Proper Psalms were by Hine, W. Hayes, and D. Purcell. The 2k Deem, Gregorian; fifth tone, 2nd ending, and seventh tone, let ending. The Kyries in the ante-communion service were by Narer. in F, and the chant for the Nicene Creed, by John Goss. The Sentences at the Offertory (a very large one) were read by Dr. Tuffiell, the Bishop of Brisbane; and the Prayer for the Church Militant was said by Dr. Brumby, the Bishop of Tasmania. The Metropolitan then preached a sermon from the following text : -Matthew iv., 19, " Follow me, and I will make you fishers of men." After the sermon the Holy Communion was administered. The entire service was of a cathedral character, the morning prayers being very ably chanted, in monotone, by the Rev. J. U. Curlette, the precentor. The responses and the psalms were chanted by seventy-six lay clerks, and choristers. The offertory was given to the buialing feud. His Excellency the Governor and Lady Belmorasestee present. T'hi appeuamee h: e~I the itsjap n oIes was very striking, the thousands of worshippers sad occasional bursts of music having a most Impressive effect. Mr. Montague Younger presided at the organ, and, it is almost needless to say, did full nolice to the remarkable powers of that instrument, The chanting was excellent; indeed the entire ser vice appeared to give very great satisfaction to all present, many of whom bad never before seen the anterior of St. Andrew's. There was a cathedral service in the evening, at which the Bishop of Adelaide preached. On this occasion there was also a very large congregation, the public (as in the morning) being admitted by tickets, so as to ensure perfect order, and to prevent the church from being dangerously overcrowded. At this service the preces and responses were by Tallis, the Psalns, 147 and 148, Gregorian, 6th tone, third end. ing; the 149th Psalm, also Gregorian, 8th tone, drift ending; and the 150th Psalm, to a chant by Pelbam Humphrey. The Magnificat and None Dimittle were by King in F, the creed by John Gos.; and the Anthem-" Lord for they tender meroles' sake," by Ferrant. The hymns were, "The Son of God goes forth to war" (Dr. L Mason), and "The strafi of praise "-an Introit. The sermon at the morning service, this day (Tuesday), will be preached by Dr. Perry, the Bisbop of Melbourne. About one hundred and eighty gentlemen sat down to a sumptnons luncheon, which wee served in the Masonic Hall at half-past two o'clock, and which was provided by M. Compagnoni, of Pitt.street. The toasts given were "the Queen; " "the Metro politan and suffragan Bishops of Australia," res ponded to by the Bishops of Sydney and Adelaide; and " his Excellency Lord Belmore." The company aseprated shortly before fve o'clock, 