THE MARYBOROUGH GOLD FIELDS, GYMPIE CREEK. The Melbourne Argus publishes the follow ing extracts taken from a letter received by a gentlemen now in Melbourne from an unques tionable authority, who recently visited the Maryborough goldfields. The gentleman who received the letter, however, who is acquainted with the goldfields in question, is of opinion that the ground hitherto discovered is fully occupied ; hence . the place offers no induce ments to ordinary gold diggers, though an ex cellent field for the investment of capital and the introduction of machinery. The letter is dated the 17 th May. . I say it without any fear of contradiction, that there was no single person on the diggings when I left knew as much of them as I did ; but ; this is not s*ymg very- mach; for diggers and' reefers ' seem to make it a point of duty — . and most honorably . perform it — not to know anything beyond their 'Dwn 'claim' and its productions. The alluvial deposits far exceed in richness and extent all that I had been taught or imagined of them, and I pray you not to think that thece is any immediate prospect of their becoming worked out. My own conviction is that they are in their infancy stilL I never met a man working who did not confess that he was making wages or more. Some I know — for I saw- -are making large fortunes, and hun dreds are realising small ones. The Nashes . have 'done very well, and will end their pros pectors' claim with some £20,000. They, how ever,- will be beaten by Murdoch and ron, who divided for their week's work while I was there £12,000. Walker's claim, which he fancied he had worked out and sold for a few pounds, has yielded already more to his suc cessors' thaa himself. I was there the other' day when they washed out an eighty-ounce, nugget, and seemed by their way to think nothing of it. The dense scrub bounding Walker's Gully is found to be full of gold— that is, ihe earth from the surfece to a foot down is. It is (or was) to me a strange sight. . There were scores of men deliberately removing a dense pine scrub — trees, vines', bashes, and roots — bodily away, and then, when the ground is cleared as though for the plough, they set to and scratch up one foot or thereabouts of .the surf ace ground and cart it down to the river. Immediately out of the creek, against Walker's Creek claim, McAdam, of Brisbane, publican, is working in the way I describe, and I presume is making his foi tune. 'This is better than hotelkeep ing,' he said to me, a-; I passed the other day. He was then' shovelling the dirt into a cart. From the ground hie picked up a stone about the size of a turkey's egg,' weighed ifi in his hand, asked me how much I thought was in it. It ;was very heavy,, so I guessed a pound,' and begged him to break it. He cracked it with his pick, and to get it in two had to twist it round and round and round, so full was it of1 solid gold. He admitted he found lots of them, and, to quote his own. words, 'You are walking on gohv'.r could tell you much more of the alluvial ground, but think you-' can understand ?now that it is hot going to collapse just yetr The reefs I am somewhat' puzzled over. I met with no one at Nashville who seemed able to i judge them from a data founded on a scientific point of view. The old reefers of the south' have not seen their like before, and I should say the general impression is that they will not be; found to cany 'the gold far down with them, or themselves to go deep into the earth. None could give any other reason for the supposition beyond the one, that they had not seen their like elsewhere. Others, however, said that the stone would improve as they went deeper for it. When I left there were at least fifty reefs named, but the supposition is that many wi 1 be found identical with each other. For in stance, the Lady Mary and Caledonian intersect Nash's Gully, and near it the prospectors' claims are; andit is' nearly certain that they are identical with very fine reefs opened out beyond -Walker's Gully, nearly a mile away. The country is full of them, however, and hundreds will be discovered. . Very few of them have been opened to a depth beyond fifty -feet ; in fact, none of the shafts, except those in search pf the reef, are so low down. ?.?'-??'?.'? The reefs -generally, run north and south. One, and a very promising stone (it shows both for size and ' the color'), lies east and west. ; -; .-???-?,??' ? I was taken into * hut in a thick scrub to see : 'Dddd's.' ' Dodd' and fi&rty; of two -tther men had not a -penny about six -weeks ago. They were just gathering up their week's cdl lection. of. '; specimens.' We calculated they had, in tubs, buckets, in the fire, and -elsewhere, from £6,000 to £8,000 worth. . The specimens, I must .explain, are the pieces of quartz or gold so visibly rich and tempting that it would not do to throw them into, the pile of stone in I tended for ..the crushing-machine. When we left the hut the commissioner told me 'they had been doing that way all the time.' ' What ? they really have taken is not known.' Lawrence ( I and Pollock, McGhie and party, and Gobdchap, ' who used to be overseer of the road, have Jite rally made fortunes out of their specimens; while McGhie sent '30 cwt.'of -quarts to ; the mill so poor looking,, compared with most that he is stacking, that it was sent to find out if it was. worth crushing at all; its yield was eleven ounces. Munro; of the New Zealand Beef, ? sent nine tons pf rather better' looking stone, but nothing like most of what ^is stacked ; the yield was nine ounces to the ton. Now, I -.saw ' -'?? these stones,- examined them well, and I saw . .- their: produce. . The New Zealand stone I could ,. just detect a speck or two of gold in, after much ' . searching. . . . I think I may safely say that from -the ?-]'. Caledonian and Lady Mary, both prospectors' claims, they were talong out daily £500 worth - of specimens. On Monday last' 'Lawrence esti- ?'. matedhis day's work at £1,000. . I have been amazed at all I saw — lumps of gold worth hundreds pf pounds lying in pails and tubs, like so many'potatoes. There are several - other reefs of equal repute besides those I have named. I speak of them from actual Tmowledge. ' Ernest Webb gave £700 ; for bis one-eigbih share in the Lady Mary ; he has: already received the money back. ?' If the reefs are' as extensive as those of _' other, parts of the world, -I can see no limit to ~' the wealth of their prospectors ;.'ahd it 'all that ? are opened prove gold-bearing, surely Gympie ? '' is unrivalled. . ?; I used to crush small pieces of Btone in the mortar, and only such as' contained no visible gold,, not even through a powerful glass, and in '. every instance .but two I obtained more or less . ' gold. The largest piece of 'stone so crushed ,' . would not weigh a pound — generally they were ;' half that size — and with the exceptions, named ' I never got less gold than would, if scattered; have covered the. nail of your little finger. I' can't tell you if that would be paying or not. People there seemed to regard my. finds as - . T^onderfulj but so they were; and understand that I never tried any but refuse stone, or from deserted claims.. One of the two without gold was from the Lady Mary, taken at a depth of -sixty, feet. The next day. the same claim— —A ? G.'s — yielded specimens. N ' ' has a fine- chance, .and must realise money — pro- bably a fortune. He lives comfortably. His is not, so far, as rich a claim as his immediate . neighbor's, yet he- manages to wash out of the casing daily more gold than pays his expenses; so he has the crushing stone to the good. What a fine field for powerful machinery ! I was told there is full work for a dozen mills. The thing they have is more fit for grinding caS.ee than quartz. On Thursday morning, 4th instant, a young man, named George Lane, was conveyed to the Hosoital suffering from several bruise3 on the back which were caused by a dray-load of earth falling on him whilst engaged in cart ing on the Park Lands. The New York correspondent of the Sydney Morning Herald reports that 'Pro- fessor Ander3on has met a sad end. - A few days ago he committed suicide in Cincinnatti, where he was performing, first having killed his little son. Domestic trouble is assigned as the cause, the despatch stating that Mrs. Anderson had the day before left Cincinnati in company with an employe of her husband's. She was tele graphed to on the road, and on receiving the errible intelligence she returned to the city.' Tble following communication lias been sent us from Gawler Town :— There is a very use fulinsiitution, called the ChristianDoctrine Con fraternity, which has for some 'time past been ' in active operation, under the guidance of its indefatigable and much esteemed President,' the Rev. Father Eeynolds, pastor of Sfc Peter « and St. Paul's, Gawler. It has for its object the religious instruction on the Sunday after noons of the young, by means of teachers and catechists. The number of children under its care is at the present time nearly 140. The . Vice- President of the Confraternity,' is Mr. Lawrence Purceli, sen., and the Secretary Mr. James Callaghan. The beneficial effects of this pious occupation of the youthful' mind during the leisure hours of the Sabbath are being felt nnder a social point of view, and are, I under stand, still more satisfactory- to the parents and friends specially interested, and their anxiously- - zealous pastor. It will be known to antiquarian students and the readers of- ecclesiastical his tory that our Whitsuntide is a derivative from White Sunday, the anniversary of the Jewish Pentecostal Feast, when the Apostles were 'baptised with the Holy Ghost and wit*, fire,' and began their ministry by baptising 'three thousand converts to Christianity.- ' It is stated on authority, the soundness of which is con firmed by the custom continued among Catholic Christians, that recipients of the rite of baptism were accustomed to bo chid- on the occasion in white, as ' emblematic of the spiritual purity supposed to be conferred thereby, and hence the ancient name Dominica Alba. Protestant' Churches afford similar testimogy-; as, for in- ? stance, there is an annual procession of the Church of England Sunday schools in Man chester on Whit Monday, to the number of1 20,000, the girls, who form the greater number, being clad in white dresses and white caps. The baptismal font was from an early period hallowed or solemnly appropriated to the office of baptism on the ' eves of Easter-Day and W hit-Sunday, when there was ah appropriate service 'called, ' Fonthallowing.' We -learn this, among other sources of - information, from a manuscript volume of homilies in theHar leian department of the British Museum, which informs us that, 'In the begynnyng of holy Chirch, all the childeren weren kept to be crvstened on this even, at the fonthallowing ; but now for enchesone that in so long abydynge they might dye without crystendome, therefore holy Chirch ordeyneth to crysten at all times of the yeare, save eyght dayes before these evenyns, the childe shall abyde till -&e.; font hallowing, -if it may savely for perrill of death, or ells not.' A number of the catechumens of ithe Gawler CD. Confraternity, were admitted to the rite of baptism at Easter ; and as such, .appeared, neatly c'.ad and veiled in white last: Sabbath.. On the following day, according to pre-arrangement, Father .Reynolds enter tained the whole of the members of the 'Confraternity and others, to the number of two hundred, at a most' hospitable fete \ckampebre_, given at Mr. James Kain's 'prettily-situated farm about four miles down, the Gawler Uiver. The convoy, which con sisted of. nine waggons, with other convey ances and horsemen, started from the Presby-: tery at 10 o'clock, headed by the superb silken banner of. the. Confraternity, bearing the beau tiful Christian motto, *' Oportet nos in cruce gloriari,' national colors bringing up the rear. On arriving at Buncrana Park, the name of Mr. Kain's new property (which he is improving with an amount of taste that contrasts strongly with the miserable wombat-holes' with, which so many of our small farmers content themselves}, the company sang .Cardinal Wiseman's beautiful ode, ' God bless the. Pope.' ' Various healthy amusements were then entered upon by ;the young, the day being most delightful, while the matrons prepared a spread of varied substantial fare suited for all ages aud appetites; theprel vailing liquid being the cup that cheers and does not cloud, the worthy pastor superintending both the pastime . and commissariat, depart? ments with untiring animation throughout .the day, the sweetest and concluding feature of .the entertainment Toeing a huge tin of lollies, which apparently: seemed to please: the palates of old ;as well as. young.; JMuflia, vocal and instrumental, lent its. charm to the cheerful' hours,' and at 4. o'clock the signal was given ~of 'Haste to the Waggon.3* . The com pany, after singing the National Anthem and the ' Song of Australia,' gave hearty cheers for the owner of Buncrana, whose neat little resi dence was also the sceneof hospitality ^neighbors' and friends during the day. The entire j»rty reached- their former rendezvous, th'erPresby tery, at vunset, where the Evening Hymn was sung, and cheers given for the-Popej the-Queen, the teachers of the Confraternity, and -its exoel lent President;' whose bountiful and agreeable treat will, no doubt, be long remembered and well remembered- as a species of *rational relax ation and enjoyment, contrasting strongly with the Whit8un- ales, the. excessesi and immoral customs of our much-belauded forefathers; ^i. quantity of the broken victuals was distributed among the poor of the congregation on tfee- fol- lowing morning. ; ??'????'?--!-?:?.?/ U--.-.-.T a?';' 