THE LATE MISS TIOLLTNGFORD. FROM Al.t TtlK YEAR ROUND. rconc.udfrt Jrom our last. J CHATTER Xtlt. a vfssfvgeh carae to my door to tell mo t' at Mrs Hollingford was waiting to sec mo. Rachel, res'ored to her senses, was lying upon my he<l with her face hidden on ray hands. " Rachel." 1 said, 1 must en to her; hut before I go, tell me, assure uie, that what you have sniil is true, that you nro truly the dmiffhler of Mrs. Helling- ford." " T arn tmlv her daughter, Marv Holling- ford," snid Rii-hrl (for I cannot bo' "till cull ber Rachel ; " I am John's sister. That is the secret T wanted to tell you one night when you were jealous. Rut yon would not listen. I have more, much more, to tell you ; but go now. I One thing I beg you to promise me — that you will tell ber you have chanced your mind about going to London, Let the Tyrrells go, and stay you with me — oh, stay with me ! I want you so badly ; and now that I have once spoken, I will 'trust you with everything — all my wickedness and- weakness, all my troubles and difficulties." She spoke entreatingly, and her tears fell over my hnnds as she kissed them. " I will stay." I said ; and the sun began to dance on the walls, it seemed. " I will help you all I can ; and, oh, how glad I shall be to let the Tyrrells go without me." And then I went down stairs. I found my dear old lady looking very sad and worn and anxious. I threw myself into her nrms and sob bed on her neck. " What is this, my love ? " she said. "Is it. n mistake after nil ? And whose is the fault. ? Is it yours, or is it John's ? " "Mine — mine," I cried. And I am not going to Lon don, But you must not tell John this, because he might think " "Think what?" she said smiling. " Oh, I don't know ; hut you must only tell him that I have deferred my visit because Miss Leonard," I choked a little over the word, " has pressed me to remain here longer." She went away smiling and satisfied, and I went wondering hack to my room to hear Rachel's story. I found her standing, as pale aa a ghost, at my window which commanded a view of the approach to the house. Looking over her shoulder, I saw Mrs Hollingford's black robe disappearing among the trees. " Now, Rachel," I said — " now for your story, I have done what you bid me. I am goini to stay with you. Trust me with everything. I am full of anxiety and wonder." But at that moment a messenger came to the door seeking Miss Leonard. Mr 'Noble was waiting for her to walk with him. Rachel flushed at' the summons. "Do not go;. send him word that you are engaged. What can it matter?" I said eagerly. "No, no," said. Rachel, confusedly. " You must ex cuse me now, Margery. I must go. Have patience with me, dear," 9he added, wistfully. " I will come to your room to-night." And she went away sadly. She came to me that night surely. She asked me to put out the lights, and crouching on a low seat by the fire, she told me her story. " Do not ask me to look in your face till I have done," she said, " but let me hold your hand, and when ever you are too much disgusted and sickened with rae to hear mo any longer, draw away your hand, that I may know." Poor Rachel ! that was what she said in beginning. I will tell you her history as nearly as possible in the way that she related it, but I cannot now re collect, and it were useless to repeat one half the bitter words of self- condemnation which she eased. When quite a little girl (she said) I was sent to a school in Paris. Ob, why did my mother send me so early from her side ? It was a worldly school — worldly to the last degree. I learned chiefly to think that in proportion as my father was honoured and wealthy, my friends gay and extravagant, just so were my chances of happiness in life. I had handsome clothes and rich presents, and I was a great favourite. There was a lady, a friend of my father's, who lived in Paris, and who had liberty to tnke me for holidays to her house as often as she pleased. She made a pet of me, and I spent at least half my time in her carriage or her saloon. She liad' charming toilettes prepared for me, which I was enchanted to wear. Thus I was early in- trpduced to the gay world of Paris, and learned -its lessons of folly and vanity by heart.- lean remember myself dressed like a fantastic doll, flitting from one room to another, listening to the conversation of the ladies and admiring their costumes. Every summer I came home for a time, but I found home dull after Paris, and I was rather in awe of my mother's grave face and quiet ways. She always parted with me against her will — I knew that — but it was my father's wish that I should have a Parisian -education. " I was just seventeen, on the point of leaving school, bewitched by vanity and arrogance and the delights of the world, when the dreadful newa come — you know — about my father, his ruin and disgrace. The effect on me was like nothing you - could enter into or conceive. I think it deprived me even of reason, such rea son' as I had. I had nothing in me — nothing had even been put in me — to enable me to endure such a horrible reverse. My mother had written to that friend, the lady I have mentioned, begging her to break the news to rae. She, however, was on the point of leaving Paris for her country chateau, and simply wrote to madame, the mistress ofc my school, transferring the unpleasant task to her. She sent her love to me, and assured me ahe was very sorry, desolee, that she could not delay to pay me a visit. I have never seen her since. And so the whole school knew of my fall and disgrace as soon as I learned it myself. Tho first thing I did when I understood the full exteDt of my humiliation was to seize my hat and cloak, and rush out of the house with the intention of never coming back, never being seen again ; by any one who had ever known me. But after walking Baris for several hours, and getting two or three rough frights through being abmo and unprotected, I was overcome with fear and fatigue, and was obliged to return by evening, hungry, weary, and sullen, to the school. I took it for granted that all the world would now be my enemy, and, determined not to wait to -be shuffled off by ray friends, I assumed at once a hauteur and defiance which estranged me from everyone. My mother, my poor mother, wrote to me, begging me to be patient until she should find it convenient to bring me home. Patient ! Ob dear, I did not know the meaning of the word ! No, I would not go home ; I would ' change my name, and never willingly see again the face of one who knew me. Every day I searched the papers, and soon saw an advertise ment which I thought would suit me. An English lady in Paris required an English com panion, "young, cheerful, and well educated." Without losing a moment I went straight to the hotel where the lady lived, saw her, pleased her ; she was good, kind Mrs Hill. I gave ber an assumed name, the first that entered my head, and referred her to madame at my pension. When 1 returned home, I said : " Madame, I have two hundred francs in my desk ; they shall he yours if you will not un- deeeive a lady who is coming here to assure her- s-lf that I am respectable and well educated, and that T am Miss Leonard, an orphan, and of an honourable family." Madame coloured and hesitated ; she was surprised at my audacity, but I knew that she had hills coming due just then, and that she was extravagant. We, her pupils, had talked over these things. She hesitated, hut in the end agreed-to oblige her dear child who had been to her so good and so profitable n pupil. Perhaps she thought I acted with the consent of my mother, that it was not her affair, and that Providence had sent her my little 'offering to help her to pav Iter just debts. Mrs Hill came the next day ; a -word satisfied her, and sho only stayed about three minutes. She was preparing to leave Paris for Rome, and had many affairs to attend to in the meantime. She urged roe to come to her without delay, and in a few hours I was established under her rsof. I was then quite unaware that I had omitted to mention Mrs Hill's name or address to madame, and that madame had forgotten, or had not been sufficiently interested in the matter to ask it.. As I said before, I think it is likely that madame believed I acted with tho consent of my friends, and that she had no further concern in tho matter. Indeed, indeed, I had then no idea of deserting my mother altogether. I was hurried along by impulse, and I intended, when the hurry of action should be over, to write and tell her of all I had done. I little thought that when I quitted my school that day, without leaving behind me the name and address of my new protector, I cut away the only clue by which it might be possible my mother should find me in the future. I did not know that I should after wards deliberately turn my back upon her, aud hide myself from her. Arthur Noble dined with us on that very first evening of my acquaintance with the Hills. You know that I have long been engnged to Arthur, and I will speak to you freely about him. He lias often told me since that he liked mo from the first moment he. saw me. I felt it even that evening ; but I could not believe in it. But the possibility of it dazzled and bewildered me, so powerful wns the fascination he possessed for me. When I went to bed that night I felt my heart strangely softened and opened. I thought a great deal about my mother and my home, of which I knew so little, and for tho first time feared that I had done very wrong, and resolved to write to iny mother surely on the morrow. I felt myself ti he an impostor and a liar, and I .trembled, thinking of her just anger at my falsehood and cowardice. I felt that when writing to her I must make up my -mind to confess to Mrs Hill that I had deceived her respecting my name and condition, and bribed my schoolmistress to deceive her also. I knew that my mother would not tolerate the deceit, but the thought of the confes sion was insufferable to me. The next day, while we sat together, Mr9 I-Iill talked to me about. Arthur Noble. He was a great pet of hers, and at present she was par ticularly interested in his circumstances. He had a cousin in England who wns a great heiress, and whom his father wanted him to marry. Arthur disliked the idea extremely ; and, as the lady was supposed to be very well inclined towards him. he was anxious to avoid danger by prolong ing his tour abroad. He had arranged to go on to Roma with them, tho Hills ; but only yester day his father, Sir Arthur Noble, had met him in Paris, urging him to give up the project, and return at once to England. He, Sir Arthur, had lost heavily by the failure and bad conduct of a London banker — a gentleman who had been his personal friend. My heart beat thickly as I heard her say this ; but I did not dare to ask the name of that banker. In the midst of my dismay Arthur Noble came in to assure Mrs Hill that he still intended to be of the party to Rome. His father's ill- humour would subside by-and-by. lie was only a little upset by the shocking con duct of his friend -Mr Ilollingford. Then Mrs Hill asked questions on the subject, and I sat by stitching at my embroidery while Arthur, describ ed my father's disgrace. My letter. to my mother was not written that day. In the afternoon we went out, and in the excitement of shopping I tried to forget every thing — who I was, what I wa9, what I had done, and what I ought to do. In the evening Arthur Noble appeared again, and with him came his father. ' Sir Arthur and Mr Hill conversed apart, but I could hear the fiery old baronet giving vent to his anger against my lather. Arthur devoted himself to Mrs Hill and me. I was bewildered and distracted at the position in which my rash conduct had placed mo, and I was very silent. . Arthur exerted himself to amuse me, and under the spell of his attractions my remorse was smothered, I have not spoken to you yet of the wonderful affection which Mrs Hill lavished on rae. You have seen it lately, but it was tho same from the first. She made me her daughter at once, as far as her conduct to mo could do so, though I had been some months her companion before she de clared her intention of formally adopting me. Day followed day, and Arthur was always by my side. A new feverish dream of happiness encompassed me, and it was only in the quiet of wakeful nights that I thought of my mother and sisters and brother, and longed to hear some news of my sorrowful home. Every night my wrestlings with my selfish nature grew weaker and weaker. I could not risk exposure and banishment from Arthur's presence. I left Paris for home without writing to my mother. You will hate me, Margery. I hate myself. I gave myself up to the pleasure of the hour, and in selfish happiness drowned the reproaches of my conscience, till I told myself at last that it was too late to undo what I had done. Time flew, and I became engaged to Arthur, secretly at first, for ho dreaded his father's displeasure. We went from place to place, staying a few months here aud a few months there. We spent a year at Rome, and Arthur was with us nearly all the time. When we had been some time engaged, Arthur confided in his father, and asked bis consent to our marriage. Sir Arthur was hopelessly enraged at the idea, and, as we could not marry without his consent, we have been obliged' to be patient ever since. Arthur has always kept telling me that he knew his father would relent in time. And he was right. The time has come. Sir Arthur has at last reluctantly withdrawn his opposition, and we may be married on any day in the future which I may choose to name. Stay, stay ! she went on, as I was about to interrupt her eagerly by a question, let me tell you everything before I stop. I used to dream that when I was married to Arthur, when no power on earth could separate us, I would confess who I was, seek out my mother, and ask her forgiveness. Remorse never left me, and I had bitterness in the midst of my happiness. Arthur suspected that I bad trouble which I would not share with him, yet I could not bring myself 1 to confess, so great was my fear of being parted from him. Some time before that evening when I first met you in London, I went to see some friends of Arthur's. During that time, several months, I had not seen Mr or Mrs Hill ; hut in the meanwhilo Mrs Hill had written to mn nf their intention of pnming here to TlilUhro', saying that Mr Hill's new agent had -written such cheerful accounts of the estate, that ho felt a longing to he on the spot, giving encouragement, tn the improvements which were goingjorward, She did not mention the name of the new agent, and it was only on that evening when I first met you, when with shame and bitter self-reproach I beard yon defend my pnor mother so valiantly ; it was only then I know the agent was my brother, and that T was actually coming to live within a few miles of my deserted home. My first thought wns that now, indeed, the timo for making all tho crooked things straight had com-' ; hut, oh Margery, you cannot imagine — one like you never could imagine anything so wickedly weak as I am. The old bugbear of our family disgrace, the old terror of Arthur's throwing me off in disgust, rose up again with ail their former strength, and I came here torn by conflicting feelings. You saw my meeting with John. The next day when he came here to dine, I found an opportunity of telling him my story. He was very severe with mo at first, though not so much as I deserved ; but ho forgave mo at last, on condition that I would make up my mind to be honest with every one, let the consequences be what they might. I promised this ; but again and again my courage has failed. He has been 90 good, so kind, so pntient with me. He told mo of my mother, of the children, of you, and, oh. how he chafed at the thought of what you would feel about the affair. Every time we met he reproached me with my cowardice and delay, and I made fresh promises : but Arthur's letters in variably broke down my courage and destroyed my resolutions. Again and again John has asked mo to allow him to tell you who I was, but I would not suffer it... I could seo no reason for humbling myself sooner to you than to any one else, until ono day it (ltshed on me that you were jealous of me. Then, after a Jiard struggle, I came to you to tell my story. You repulsed me, you even assured me that the Tyrrells were your best friends. I wns glad of the excuse to spare myself and my secret. And so it has gono on. Latterly John has scarcely spnkon, or hardly looked at me. I think he lias given mo up. I knov not what ho ineiin3 to do, but I think he means to let me have my own way. I think I should have been silent to the last, but that I saw ray mother to-day. I saw her. I saw her. "And now you will tell her all — everything." I said, squeezing her hands, while the tears were raining down my face.V ' Margery, Margery !" cried Rachel, " how can I give up Arthur ? ITere be has come to mo after these years of waiting, presses me to name a day for our marriage, and I am to meet him with a story liko this! I-Ie would despise me." "I think," said I, " that if he be a generous man he will forgive you. After loving you so long, he will not give you up so easily. And your mpther," I added. " Think of nil she has suffered. ' Is she worth no sacrifice ?" " She never knew me," said Rachel, gloomily ; "and she will be happier never to know mo. She could not have smiled as she did -to-day if she had not forgotten that I ever existed." " That is a selfish delusion," I said. " If your mother nover knew you, it is plain, at least, that you have never known her. Such a woman could not forget her child. You cannot think that she has not sought for you, and mourned for you, all these years ?" " Oh no," 6aid Rachel, with another burst of sorrow, " John lias told me. They searched, they advertised, they suffered agony, and feared every terrible thing, till at last they wero obliged to soothe one another by trying to think me, by speaking of me, as dead. Little Mopsie thinks I am dead. So it has been, and so it must he." " So it must not be," I persisted, and so I fought with her all night. Tho dawn was in the room before she got up to leave me, pale, and worn, and weary, but promising tliat she would make yet one more struggle with herself to break the chain of deceit with which ono rash falsehood had so strongly bound her. CHATTER XIV I hnd the happiness of seeing my friends the Tyrrells depart for London without me. I think they were both, brother and sister, somewhat tired of my inconsistencies and vagaries, and I dare say they felt as little sorrow at parting as I did. The long hot days of summer followed one another in a slow, wandering fashion. Ne news reached us from the farm. I had vaguely hoped tlmt John would come and speak to mo again ; hut we "neither saw nor heard from him. Mr Hill was from home during these days, and there was no necessity for John to present himself amongst us, though there might have been many an an opportunity if he had cared to seek one. All the light short nights I lay awake, wondering what was going to become of my l'fe. > And Rachel? Was she mindful of tho pro mise she had given me on that night ? Alas ! no, my dears. She was absorbed in her Arthur. They went here and there together ; they were ever side by side, dreaming away the time ; seeming lost to every ono else in their happiness. I should have thought that, Rachel had forgotten all her confession to me, all that had passed be tween us on the subject, but for a piteous look which she gave me now and again when no ono was by. At last an early day was fixed for tho marriage, and a wonderful trousseau came down from London for Rachel. The pretty tilings were hardly looked at by her and packed away out of sight. Then I saw that two warring spirits were striving within Rachel. The colour left her face, she grew thin, she started and trembled at a sudden word or noise. Sometimes in the middle of the summer night, just as the earliest birds were beginning to stir, she would come into my room and throw herself weeping across my bed. But I dared not speak to her then. She would not tolerate a word. And so she took her away. One morning Arthur wont off to explore some place alone ; a most unusual event. . I was in my own room when Rachel came in to me, suddenly and quickly, and very pale. "Come," she said, " come now, I have got courage to go thi3 moment,- but I must not delay. Come, come !" " Where are you going ?" I asked. " You know well," she said, impatiently ; " to ray mother. See, I am taking nothing valuable with me." She had on a calico morning dress, and plain straw hat. She had taken the ear-rings out of her ears, the rings off her fingers. I was ready in an instant, and wo went off through the wood together. I did not attempt to ask her what she meant to do ; she was not in a mood for answering questions. She took my hand as wo walked, and held it tightly, and we went along as children do when they are going through the green wood in quest of May flowers, only our steps were more fearful, aud nur faces paler than children's nro wont to ho. We went on very silently anil bravely, till we wero about half way, deep in the wood, when a cheerful shout came across our ears, and a sway ing and crackling o( hushes ; and Arthur Noble's handsome genial faco and stalwart fijurc con fronted us on tlm path. " Maids a Maying !" he said. " A pretty picture, on my word. Whither be you bound, fair ladies, and will you accept the services of a true knight errant?" Rachel s hand had turned cold in mine. " We are going to the farm to visit Mrs Ilollingford," I said stoutly, " and as you are not acquainted with the lailv you had Let ter go home alone, and amuse Mrs Hill till" wo coma back." " Ah ! but I do not liko that arrangement at all," said Arthur. " Why should the lady at tho farm not. receive mo? Has any one been giving mo a bad character ? Speak, Rachel, may I not go with you?" " I cannot go any further," said Raoliel ; " I am not well." And indeed sho looked ill. " Rest a little," I said, pitilessly, " and by-and- by you will be able to goon." But Arthur, all alarmed, looked at me with surprise aud reproach, drew Rachel's hand within his own, nnd began walking slowly towards tho hall.- I followed, with no company hut my' re flections, which wpre odd enough ; nnd so ended this adventure. And now what I think the most startling occurrence of my story has got to be related, and when it is told all will bo pretty nearly finished. It was arranged . that tho wedding should bo very privitte. Sir Arthur, although lie had re luctantly withdrawn his opposition, had refused to be present at the marriage, therefor?, no other guests were invited. The eve of the day arrived, and I had spent the afternoon in decorating the little church with white flowers. Early in the morning Rachel and Arthur, with Mr and Mrs Mill and myself, were to proceed thither, and nil hour later the husband and wife were to depart on their life's adventure together. I remember the kind of evening it was. There was a great (lush in the sky and a groat glow on the earth, that made the garden paths hot to tho trend, ami crisped up tho leaves of the full-blown roses. I here was a rare blending of heaven ami earth in lovely alluring distances, and a luscious odour of sweet ripe things athirst for rain. The drawing-room windows wero thrown up as high as they would go, and it was cooler witiiin than without. Up stairs tho bride's trunks wero packed, and the' white robe was spread out in state, waiting its moment. Wc were all in the drawing-room, Mr and Mrs Hill variously occu pied, Rachel and Arthur sitting together before a window. In another window I was down on my knees leaning my elbows on the open sash, and gazing out on t.lio idealised world of the hour in a kind of restful reverie, which held tho fears and pains and unsatisfied hopes of my heart in a sweet thrall, even as the deep-coloured glory that was abroad fused into common beauty all tlio rough seams and barren places of the unequal land. Suddenly out of the drowsy luxury nf still ness there came a quick crushing sound, flying feet on the gravel, and a dark slim figure dashed through the light. Whose was the figure ? I could not be sure till I sprang with a shock to mv foot, and went to the window where RiicIipI ami Arthur were sitting. Then thpro was no mistake about it. Here was Jane Ilollingford suddenly arrived. She stood strangely at the window, with ono foot on the low sash, so that she could look searcliingly into the room. She hnd on no bonnet nor hat, and tho dust of tho road was in her hair ; it was also white, up to the knees, on her black dress. She was quite, breathless, and look ed sick and faint with over-running. But there was Jane's wild spirit shining as strong as ever out of her black eyes. She drew breath a mo ment and looked eagerly into the room with that half-blinded searching look out of the dazzling light into the shade. Then her eyes fell on Rachel, and she spoke, and said a few words which electrified us all. " Mary Ilollingford," she said : " come. home. Your father is dying, and lie wants to see you." Mr and Mrs Ilill came to <the window to seo what it was. We were all silent from surprise for about a minute. Then Rachel rose trembling. "Sit still, my love," said Arthur; "it is only a mad gipsy girl." And Jane was not unlike a gipsy. " Como, come!" cried Jane, stamping her foot with impatience, not vouchsafing oven a look at Arthur. " Come, or you will be too late ; there is not n moment to lose." I think Mrs Hill's voice piped shrill exclama tions at my ear, but I remember nothing that she said. Mr Hill, who knew Jane's appearance, was' speechless. Arthur had risen, and stood by Rachel, looking airazedly from her to Jane, and from Jane to her. Rachel turned on l|im„a grievous look which I have never forgotten, and pushed him from her with both her hands back into the room. Then she glanced at me with a mute entreaty, and I stepped with her out of the window, and wo went across the lawn, and through the trees, and away along nil the oh! tracks to the farm. Following Jane, who, knowing we wero behind her, flew like the wind, without once looking back. Wo soon lost her, for we often paused to pant and lean against one another for a moment's respite in this strange, remarkable race. We did not speak, but I looked at Rachel, and she was Jibe a poor lily soiled and crushed by the storm, with her white dress trailing through the dust, nnd her satin shoes torn on her feet. But that was nothing. We reached the farm-house. There was some one moving to meet white, dishevelled, quivering Rachel. There was a cry, smothered at once in the awful hush of the place, nnd Rachel fell, clasping her mother's knees. I loft them. alone. What sobbings and whis ..-rings, confession and forgiveness followed, Gou and his angels heard. I went blindly into the hall, knowing nothing of what I did. I met John coming to me. I bad no words. I stretched my hands to him. lie took tliem, took me in his arms, and that was our reconciliation. That night wo wero all present at a death-bed. It was only bit by bit that I learned how the dying man came to be there. The poor erring father, reduced to want, and smitten by disease, had crept back in the disguise of a beggar to ask the charity of his deserted wife ami children, and to breathe his last sigh among loving, forgiving hearts. It was Jane, stern Jane, who had denounced him 90 cruelly, nursed such bitter resentment against him ; it was June, who had happened, of a summer evening, in her mother's absence, to open the door to bis knock, had taken liitn into her arms nnd into her heart, had nursed him, caressed him, watched and prayed with him. So that was the end ol poor Jane's hardness of heart. It was all washed away in tears at her father's deal !i tied. The iast trace of it vanished at sight of Rachel's remorse. My dear Mrs Ilollingford, my sweet old mother ! These two shocks well nigh caused her death ; but when she had nobly weathered the storm sho found a daughter whom she had mourned as lost, living and breathing and loving iu her arms, and ber brave beart accepted much comfort. And what about those tlire6 kind souls whom wo left in such sudden consternation by the open window in tho drawing-room at the hall ? Why, of course, they came to inquire into the mystery. I was the one who had to tell them Rachel's story, as kindly nnd delicately n3 I might. You will bo glad, my children, to know that tliey made very little of their darling's fault. Mr Hill was somewhat grave over the matter, but Mrs Hill would not allow a word of blame to bo uttered against her pet. She urged, she in vented a hundred excuses ; good, kind soul. As for Arthur Noble, lie readily discerned love for himself as the cause of her unwilling desertion of others. His nature was large enough to appreciatn the worth of my John and his mother. As lie had been willing, lie said, to wed Rachel friendless, so was lie now ir.oro willing to wed Rachel with friends whom he could love. So the beloved culprit was tried and acquitted, and after many days bad passed, and the poor father bail been laid in the earth, a chastened Rachel was coaxed back to her lover's side, and, I have no doubt, told him her own story in her own way. But old Mr Hill was, to my mind, tho most sensible of them all, who said to his wife : "They may say what tliey please, sweetheart ! Imt, to my thinking, the lad Joliu is by far the flower nf the Ilollingford flock !" And the fine old gentleman proved his good-will after years had passed that wero then to come. When called upon to follow his wife, who died before him, lie bequeathed the Hillsbro' estato to my husband. Rachel (lie always called her Rachel) and Arthur went to live in Paris. Jane married a great doctor of learning, and found her home in Lon don ; and Mopsie made a sweet little wife for a country squire, and stayed among the roses and milk-pans. For John and me, our homo was the farm, till fortune promoted us to the hall. Thither the dear mother accompanied us, and there she died in my arms. There, also, at last, my hus band. And now, my darlings, your father, my son, is the owner of Hillsbro', and the ball is your own happy homo. Aud the old woman has returned to the farm. 