aJ. , " ;l-J,-? S.BUTT-ERS,. A' t.,Ir?f. Oh Monday evening, 17th ist, Mr. Iliutt? a ddressed: a- ntumrou assebnhlego of the electors of Portlind at MeCooiaEbhy'i Lamb'i Inn, and was very warmly received. Mr. Cooper was unanlimounly voted to thochair, and in opening the proceedings '"alluded to the present breach between the two houses of the legislature, and the no* ,.cessity of sonding men up to Parliament '"ho would not allow any oncroaclllhment.ou the privileges of the Assembly. , He had great pleasure in introducing the canididate to the electors present, for whom he re quested a fair and patient hearing. 'Mr. Butters addressed the meeting, and .explained his views. As we reported his first speech at length it will be needless for us to do so on this occasion, wheno the can didato necessarily went over the same 'ground. In speaking of the Land Act, ho alluded to the large tract of unnccopied Sland around Portland, and the desiralility of having it cleared and settled upon. - He alluded to a sontencee in Mr. Henty's ad dress, dltsignating a proposed alteration of -the Land Act by Mr..Grant as a" phase of Victorian slavery." IH said, if there was any slavery in the matter, it had not been .brought about by the present Ministry.; and spoke in high terms, of Mr. Grant. ?e did not.think they had been well ro .,presented in Parliament hitherto, judging : from the. appearance of the town--the ;.ghost of firmer greatness stalked through the' empty houses. (Laughter.) There .was, he said, an impression abroad that ;nmany of the electors would not dare to .oto.against the last candidate who had come in the field. (Cries of No, no.) Such was the impression in Melbourne. It was c," considered that they must all give way to the to the Great Pagandrum of.Portland, and when he or his commaunder.in-chief, :...the, Great Mogul below (great laughter), drew, out their Juggernaut car the people would throw themselves down under the wheels of it. The speaker thenou paid a1 :,. high tribute to the uprightness and honor able character of Mr. Must, the Returning, < ",Officer, and assured the voters that they had nothing to fear as to the secrecy of the ballot-box being kept inviolate. lIe hoped all who went in for Mr. Henty would re cord. their votes ini that gentleman'sefavor, and all who believed in him (the speaker) would vote for bhim fearlessly. (Loud cheers.) In regard to the Education Bill, the candidate said that no bill should re- I ceive his support that in any way inter fered with the, religious feelings of any denomination. He considered that the ex pcnse of re'moving lunatics, which at pro- i sent fell on the municipalities, should be c borne by the state. Throughout the speech the speaker was loudly cheered. Mr. Michael asked if the candidate was. in favor of plymenlt of'members, and 'ro i ceived a reply in the negative. tie then asked if,' in.case payment of members be.o came law, Mr. Butters would give his annual salary towards the support of our charitable institutions. i.Mr. Butters replied that he should be guided by the circumstances of the time. (Cheer.) Mr. John Pearson, at some length, pro- I posed nMr. Butters as a fit and proper person t to ieprcseant this constituency in Parliament. SHe considered the present candidate was ati gentlemall whopossessctl devery qualification I befitting a parliamentary representative. It required no small amount of mental supe-. riority to attain to the high position of chief magistrate of Melbourne. The same n could be said of him that had been spoken of the Apostle Paul, that Iho was "a citizen of no meant city." "The way in which lie had t discharged the duties of his high office duiing the late royal visit had invoked from the royal sailor expressions of grati tude and satisfaction. Such a man, he (the speaker) was confident, would not only look after their rights, but would also reflect honor and credit upon the con stituency Which he represented. (Loud cheers.) Mr. Marriott seconded the vote of confi *dence. lie felt much gratified by what had fidllen from the last speaker. Now was the time or never to secure the public works, now that they had a candidate who had pledged his word to see them carried out. (Loud cheers.) Mr. Lcvett supported the motion, which was then put and carried unanimously amidst loud and long-contiuee d cheering. Mr. Butters briefly responded, and the customary vote of thanks to the chairman terminated the proccedicgs. 