SHIPPING. CLEARANCE-Coastwise. JOLT 31 -Gneering, s , 48 tons, Captain James Watson, for Mooloolah, with 20 pas sengers EXPORTS Gneoring, s , for Mooloolah 4 gallons rum, 20 lbs tobacco, 2^ tona Hour [BY EETCTItlC TELEGRAPH ] CAPE MORETON July 31 Tho achoonci which put to sea yesterday was tho T G Coleson Sho has îetuinod to port and anchored undor Capo Moleton Tho Bclioonci Southern Cross put to sea at 7 a m to dnj, but loturuod in tbo afternoon Tho Christina Thompson, schooner, carno out of tho baj and anchored oil tho Yollow Patch, tins morning A steamer, bound south, passed the port early this morning Ipswich Steadier - Tho Ipswich, fiom tho A S N Co 's whnif, at 1 o'clock this morning The City of Brisbane, s , loaves for Sidney, at G o'clock a m ThoGipps LandS N Go's paddle »tcamerSani sou, 111 tous m luck has boen laid up foi »orno time, hu« onco moie resumed active sei vice, uiidu tho command of Captain Darby Hei hue, bow cvei ia changed from Gipps Laad to Queens land, on account of the better prospects held out of successful trading in that colony during the pie ent rush to its gold fields The Samson left the Qaci-n's Wharf ycsteulai, for Mai y borough, with ovei eighty pa« engers -Mel bom no Argus, July 24 The Samson put into Newcastle on the 27th, but we have not heard when she proceeded on her passage to Maryborough. Tho schooner Storni King was auuounced ou July 24 to load at Melbourne for Brisbane and "Maiyborougb, if sufficient inducement offered The Abbotsford having been sufficiently lightened, will bo towed up from Brisbane Roads to the anchorage at Pinkeubor Flat1», to night Nc\t springs she wül bo towed up to the agont's wharf to discharge the balance of her cargo Tho Bayswatei has now completed hor load ing and will clcai for London on Monday next The following is a rough estimate of hor cargo -2000 bales of cotton, 250 bales wool, 100 tons tallow and a quantity of skins, hoofs, bones, and treenails The Eaglet follows the above ve«el on the homeward beith, all her dead weight is engaged a portion of which was taken on board yesterdav Sho will stow from 800 to 900 bales, and it is anticipated sho will have quick despatch On July 2S the following vessels wero adver tised m the S SIX Sei aid, for poits m Queens land -Foi Rockhampton and Port Mackay the »choonei Mnuposa Laidley, Iielnnd, and Co, agents , for Rockhampton-the Restless, Captain Curphev, J Black and Co , agents , foi Bowen and Cleveland Bav-the Hannah Bl oom field, Broomfield and Whitaker, agents, foi Mnnborough-the Policeman, j Block and Co, agents, for the Gulf of Carpentaria-the Captain Cook, O Dowd and Co , agents The «chooner Restless, Captain Curphoy, has hado protiacted passage from Maryborough, owing to having adverse gales She brings a cargo of pine timber -5 Sf Sei aid, July 27 At tho Sandridge Police Court on July 0, two cases wero brought under the notice of the bench, which amply lllustiatestho brutal course of puniBbment reported to bv certain officeis of tiading ve«sel3 towards sailors under then com mand Captain Lawson, of the British ship Seagull, from Dundee, summoned a seaman named Lennie, for wilful disobedienco of oiders On the Gth instant, Lennie temporarily ab'ented himself from the Seagull, for the purpose of procuring a summons for asBault againBt tho acting Becond mate He i etui ned to the vessel about half past G o'clock in the evening w hen all hands had knocked off viork He was ordered immediately to go aloft and scrape somo yards On ing to the darkness at the timo, togcthor with the fact of Lennio's acknowledged inability to perform tho allotted task, he refused to obej On the following day ho was summoned at tho local com t by tho captain for absenting himself without leave 'The magistrate dis mi'scd the charge, whereupon Lawson imme diately obtained a fresh summons for disobe dieuce of ordeis During his evidence Lawson acknowledges that he-was well aware of Len nie'a incapacity to perform any kind of work aloft, which would jeopardise his life, that ho did not know how to sphco a rope , and that Ins nautical knowledge was confined to steering Ho al«o Baid that Lonnio had been shipped a3 an able seaman, and that ho (Lawson) was aware that, incase ho found uny able seaman incompetent to pcrfoim his woik, tho Act em powered the captain to disrato him Mr Mol Itson considered the order issued by Lawson to Rennie, on the evening of the Gth instant, as irregular Tho case was dismissed, and plaintiff was dociecd to pay £2 2a co«ts A second charge was then heard, in which Lennie appealed as plaintiff against Hercules Watts acting second oflicei of the Seagull, for a«sault with aggravated, circum stances On the 2Gth of Maj, wbilo at sea Lennio was oidcred into tbo ngging for tho purpose of reefing AVbile perfoiuung his work Watta went aloft, and as soon aa ho had so cured foothold on the y ai d wboro Lonnio « as engaged, ho uttered offen'ivo language, and afterwards kicked the unoffending man in the side LennTe luckily seized somo luunmg gear, " oi else ho would havo been pitched eithci on the main hatch oi overboard fiom the violence of tho kick " Ho was subsequently rope ended by Watts, and ordcied into irons by the cap tain During his e\amination Watts admitted having given Lennie " two oi threo smacks of his foot, mci ely out of fiiendship, nnd m ordoi to coax him to do his woik properly " Tho defendant was ordered to pay £1, with £1 19s costs -Argus, Julv 10 [BY ELEOTltIC TEIXQBAril.j MARYBOROUGH. ABRITAI,. July 30.-Clarence, s., from Gladstone, at 10.30 p.m. DEPABTITBES, July 31.-Clarence, s., for Brisbane ; Flor éneo Irving, s., for Sydney, at 7 a.m. GLADSTONE. . ABBIVAi. July 31.-Leichhardt, b., from Maryborough, at 6 a.m. DETABTOEE3, July 30.-Boomerang, b.s., for Sydnoy. July 31.-Leichhardt, s., for Rockhampton, at 9.45 a.m. ROCKHAMPTON. »EPABTUBE. July 31.-Balclutha, s.S., for Sydnoy, nt 8.30 KEPPEL BAY. Pilot Station, July 31. The Balclutha, s.S., passed out to sea about 3 p.m., and at the same hour, the Leichhardt, 8., from Gladstone to Rockhampton, entered the bay. MACKAY.* DEPARTURE. July 30.-Tinonee, s.s., for Rockhampton. PORT DENISON. ARRIVALS. July 30.-Violet, ketch, from Oleveland Bay ; Enterprise, schooner, from Sydney. DEPARTURES. July 31.-Hamlet's Ghost, schooner, for Cleveland Bay ; Violet, ketch, for Gladstone. SYDNEY. ABBIVAM. July 30.-Golden Sea, returned to port ; Dart- mouth, Strntlinaven, and Walter Hood, ships, from London. July 31.-Galatea, from Warrnambool. BEPABT17BES. July 30.-Dandenong, s.S., for Holbourne; Agnes Irving, s., for Grafton. July ai.-Ellen, for Twofold Bay. 