? KAMBLING THOUGHTS. On looking over the file of my ramblinga— which 1 keep in my head—I find that a few days ago I stated I had 110 politics, and these last few days J. have discovered that such a < statement was a great mistake. Some twenty or thirty years ago, when I was fishing for eeh in Lough Neagb, or executing a Japanese performance on the antipodes of a donkey's head, I imbibed a political principle, the strength of which I never quite understood till last Thursday night; and it's rather remarkable that after carrying it about with me for so many years never thinking it was likely to be anything more than an. undemonstrative principle I discover it to be the ruling passion of all politicians—find it turned into a popular cry, ever; one trying who can shont the loudest the sum. and substance, the Alpha and" Ortega, of my' political creed—GOD SAVE THE QUEEN. The pleasure of bearing my particular policy 'thus pnblicly proclaimed is anything but great; I wonld much rather not have iiei>rd a word about it I find that I am but an insignificant atom in 'a. great moving brfeatbing body ot universal loyalty—hut at what a sacrifice bu the knowledge been obtained"! The country has been startled from its''propriety, ~and perhaps the social and political fraternity of Australia lias received its passport I most sincerely wish his Boyal Blghness had never visited Australia, tie would iiave been sated an insnlt he can never forget; -and the country a disgrace it can never, remove. Indignation meetings are all very well : bat DO amount-of enthusiasm, no resoluflon& however loyal, ot speeches however eloquent, will prove satisfactorily that there is only one O'Farrel!. My usual rambling was stopped .on Thursday night' as I took a place in the funeral procession att&ding; the obsequies''of the liouor of Australia. I confess bong thus engaged has considerably " dashed my spirits." I do not feel np to the mark. I am in no hdnior to amuse myself at other people's expense, or write what may amuse them at mine. My occupation is gone" of shooting folly. It can fly about as thick as the mosquitoes, and as far as interfering with it just.now goes—I mightM well be paralysed. There are two places in the world I always had a liking for : Old Ireland and Young Australia. I considered that-a fellow who was born in the former and lived in the latter bad no occasion to grnmble about the way he was connected with "this mortal coil." -1 do not mean to say, or wish to have it thought that be is any better or luckier than people bom or living in other localities, only, as a matter.of choice allow me to monnt the shamrock and "sit under a gum tree. This being », is it any wonder that the only condition on which I can Fed unchanged throoghlife what I have felt is -by die desperate supposition that O'Farrell is a maniac? It's no juse telling me that Australia should not be accountable or Ireland held responsible. - I have not the ghost of a chance of living long enongh; to see the stain that has been pnt on both .their escutcheons effaced by time. That maniac':or traitor—or whatever he is—has made them both a reproach and a byword,' and this generation will not ontlive the sound. Theinjustieadfthedisgncs will not alter the fact- Had ah" Englishman done the deed itiwonld not havelnferfered one iota with'his connby—he might have sung iu loud as ever - v . lis a glorious charter deny it who an,' Thafs breathed in the .words, I'm an-fnglisbmen. The land of brown'* heath and heather might with equal impunityjiave beenihejtceneof the would-be amjansjnlsnativity. .Public indignation as against the t&as-mold; bave been aa great - bnt as a national disgrace eiUrer eotratoy could ssy . . . . , . ' " T " ' Frapuoeihe earee^lant.gliMedOT^aie ground "While by. some tortuqsStS' of reasoning whatever an b a ^ i ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ym olcnmb—Si the OSffiinyi "^ST^^ffiEintiyefc CTxdJpnt^o tSl rather often this last day" o.r two. 3on*fc aee why he should be." . I am sot a wire tihat Eaglishmpnwere expectedtoxfepn^t^tbars' wben the Queen was tried.-to, be mnrdered once or twice, and there is neither law'uor logic to prove that Ireland should suffer --di^raee veeanse it was nnfortnnate enongh' to give*'birth to s traitor. "As to his beinga Fenians-suppose he is—suppose I admit it^—then.Fenianism is no. more an Irish institntion than be'is a reprssentative of Irishmen.' - How many' ehillelahs would be mounted as a'guard ol liuuuur round O'Farrell could it be possible foe him to march to the relief of injured Ireland—if be -was turned loose anywhere—Bay-abbht Pall Mall, and every one -"but Irishmen -were pnt into the Camp- Beserve—what a chance he'd EkTef* I calculate jurymen would - not be. troubled . much about his case. I dont "believe there are "authorities''' enough to keep two «f hi* joints together long enongh for bim to get past the Victoria, supposing lie started at the corner. I protest against Paddy caving in about-his conntty being disgraced. If there were as many O'FarreUs in Australia aa there ore Fenians in Ireland, and as many Fenians, in Ireland-as there are desperadoes in America, I would still maintain the shamrock to be as good on emblem of loyalty as the rose or the thistle. Had either «ne or the^other of the latter been subject to aa , much neglect—been obliged to keep their vetdure fresh nndwsnch unfavorable circumstances —I question ifthay would have looked so blooming in the national bouquet, smelt so fragrantly iu Buckingham Palace, as the former does. Ireland, if Vft to itself, wonld redress its present grievances as it righted former Sod greater wrongs. There was no secret organisation—no Boyal assassination—used to obtain Catholic emancipation. Daniel O'Connell did more for Ireland by his burning eloquence than Fenianism will ever accomplish by lawlessness. I*m quite satisfied there is no such thing as. supernatural visitors from another world to this, or the ghost of O'Connell wonld come to the rescue and -deliver some of bis countrymen from the fearful—the mysterious infatuation with which they are enthralled. -1 don't, I won't tali-ve that any religion is accountable for th* Sydney outrage. People may preach to me till they are black in the face, but triltbpy convince me that as a Protestant I am or was in leagos with the Orangeman that fired into the crowd in Melbourne they may ehnt op about thuiHMi that one, or anyone as Soman Catholia bong liable for O'Farrell's deed. They might juBt as well pitch into the Bishop of Melbourne about the one as Dean Fitxpatrick about the other. The people who talk thus are doing as much— I am nbt sure but they, are doing more— 10 injure theconntry than even OTarrelL— BUMPTIOUS BOHBTBOK.—The proceedings of the Kyriston ' Police Court jesterday, wers interrupted by a somewhat unseemly diffieren* between two of the officials." Whilst the depositions were bong taken in die case of WiUisut Herring, charged with highway robbery, ™ r Greene,- Superintendent of Police, who " " tion, objected to the ' 11 was taking down contended that tie was .pursuing the proper course. Mr Qteens rejoined that the evidence should be taken » the -method jfhich be thought proper. Weigall tetorted'diat he was responsible for toe accuracy of tthe defweitions, and appealed to the Police Magtstrate aAiether he should be guided by birown judgment <ir art from the instruction' of Mr^Sreene. : The Police Magistrate said Mr Weigjll >«a tlie r lWi judge of the method in «hidi the dewmtions ahonld he taken, and Mr Greene naia' thai under these circumstances M should dodine to oondnti the prosecution, and ^brnptly left "the Court. The Bench directed Serjeant Babington to proceed with t BoWV® Independent. he 'X*™'' ,eWB nation of the witness, which lie did.—Ay Guardian. 