NEWS AND NOTES. The following election gossip wa take from various papers:—Mr E. N. Einmett announces himself ag a candidate to represent the Sandhurst Boroughs in the House of Assembly. He will address the elec tors at an early date. According to a local contem porary, a requisition numerously signed is about to be forwarded to Mr Thomas H'Combie., inviting him to come forward, in the ministerial interest, as a candidate to represent South Gipps Lind. Mr George Brown is spoken of as a likely candidate for either Enst or WeBt Geelong, probably the former, at the approaching elections. It is stated that Mr Charles Kernot is one who is likely to become one of the candidates for a seat for West Geelong at the forthcoming election. Mr Fellows liaB announced his intention to stand for St. Hilda, at the general election. We believe that Mr Bunny does not in tend coming forward again, and the probability is that Mr Crews will be the third candidate. Mr Lewis, of Wroo, 'will seek the suffrages of the Rod ney electors. The ministerial candidates for Col liDgwood will be Messrs Reaves and Bates, and a third whose name has not yet been mentioned. Mr Edwards will again offer himself. Mr Watkins has advertieed his intention of addressing the.electors of Evelyn, at Lillydale, on Siturday evening. Mr W. H. Naylor, auctionesr, Collins street, is a candidate for the same district. The Age understands that the delicate stato of filr G. Paton Smith's health will render it impossible for him to undertake a contest for the representation of Sauth Bourke. It is said that Mr Ireland will be invited to stand as an opposition candidate for the Ovens, and that Mr J. II. Brown, mayor of Chiltern, only requires to be asked to stand for the same distiict in the minis terial interest. Mr S. Deeble informs us that ho intends to offer himeelf as a candidate for Ballarat East, in the free trade interest. An inquest was held on Thursday on the body of en infant named George Ed. Ross, ten days old, who died early on the morning of New Year's Day. It was stated in evidence that the baby had seemed well until the evening before death, when it was very restless. From the evidence of Dr Bunce, it appeared that death had been caused by convulsions consequent upon some irritation of the bowels, and the jury returned a verdict accordingly. The mother, Mrs Ross, was residing with her mother, Mrs Bull, at Mount Clear, It appears that a misunderstanding has occurred in respect to the invitations sent to the members ot the Legislature and the Reception Commission to visit the Galatea. It was the intontion of the Prince to have invited the ladies of the families as well as the gentlemen, but this was not expressed on the cards. Fresh card? are now beiDg issued, but an advertise ment sajs that "if in any case the corrected invita tion should not be received in time, his Royal High ness trusts that this announcement Trill be ac cepted." It is very probable that Mr Thompson will bs dis qualified for the contest for the vacant seat in the Borough Couui.il of Ballarat East, in consequence of his name n;t being on the burgess roll. We uoder | staud that the mayor is seeking the opinion of the Attorney-General as to wuether anything can be done to remedy what is, we believe, merely a blunder. We understand that some of the supporters of the Eisteddfod purpose suggesting an extension of Irs operations, so as to make the annual gatherings include competitions for prizes in commoner things than poetry and essays and oratory. One Welsh gentleman proposes that in these last named depart ments of competition there be fower, but larger prize?, with a view to make the competitions mora fruitful in excellence of products. Possibly, too, it may bo worth while to consider the propriety of discussing a similar proposition in relation to the EiBteddfod to that lately submitted to the Ballarat Caledonian Society by its one-time president, Mr Hugh. Gray, who has suggested the foundation of a scholarship and a benevolent society ia connection with the national organisations existing for other purposes. Thursday was £. hot wind day, and hot blasts from the northward and north westward were blowing ell dsy, carrying dust and coarser grit with them, to the great discomfort of travellers everywhere, and especially about the streets. Tho Argus states that the number of excursionists who travelled by the various lines of railway on New Year's Day was no less than on Christmas Day or Boxing Day. Tlie early trains from Ballarat and Sandhurst brought to town about lOQO excursionists respectively, while it was computed that some SOOO people were despatched for the racecourse by the Essendon line. The official returns were not com ; pleted at a late hour on Wednesday evening; but the following is an approximate estimate of the numbers who travelled by the Melbourne and Hobson's Bay United Railway Company's lines:— Brighton, 1800; Hawthorn, 4£6; Botanic Gardens, 740; Sandridge, 2000; St Kilda, 1500. Total, 6486. A good many drunken and otherwise disorderly people were brought up at the District Court on Tuursdoy, but were generally let off without fines, Mr Ryall mediating lor a holiday view of the cir cum3tL jces Tbo Qeelong Advertiser ofThuhday eavs: "It is, although a melancholy one, still a satisfaction to know that the body of Henry Ilobinson, who was drowned with Mr UpstoD, was recorered yesterday. The efforts made on the previous day were fruitless in consequence of tbo boisterous state of the weather, but yesterday, the wind being light, the water of the I bay was very calm, and there was nothing to retard or prevent the operation of dragging from being suc cessful. Six fishermen's boats each mannol by a full crew started about ten o'clock in the morniog, and on reaching the sunken boat in Stingarco Bay, proceeded in different directions, dragging on their way. _ After about two hours and a Ualf had been spent in the search, tbo Escort, manned by Mark Grucicb, Jotia Havana, Joseph Marian, and Thomas Blackwell, went close ia ohore, together with a beat belonging to—Chrotchet. Wtien within about four hundred yards of the shore, and in about two and a half f.;et of water, Curotehet observed a body floating face downwards in the water. By means of a* hook i the body was lifted into the Escort, when it was re cognised ss that of Henry i\obinson. The haads were in such a position as would lead one to imagine that the deceased had swam as far from where the boat capsized and sank, to^wherohi} body was found, and was then too much exhausted from his battle with the waves to go any further, and was conse quently suffocated. The deceased was removed to bis late residence, in Malop street, where, on exami nation, it was found that he had not suffered any disfigurement from the sharks as wa3 anticipated would be the case. Ia the evening, an iuquest was held at the Freemason's hotel, wben the jury re turned a verdict if accidental death by drowning. The deceased was a member ol the Sons of Temper ance, therefore his disconsolate widow, who is left with three children, will not hive to pay any of the funeral expenses, being entitled to £20 from the society for the purpose." We (Hcrall) understand that a public meeting, in the interest of tho Ministry, will beheld in Melbourne early next week, at which the Attorney-General will set forth the principles which are to bo made the basis of party operations during the general elections. A very strange occurrence, as a local journal reports, took place at Cockatoo about three weeks ago, and which deserves some notice. The wife of a respectable resident at that place has been for some time in a weak state of health, and on obtaining medical advice was pronounced to be enceinte; but such it appears was not the case, and the medical man must evidently have been deceived by some similar symptoms, as the event shows. At the time above- mentioned she over-strained herself by lifting some heavy buckets of water from a cart, and feeling sick went to a neighbor's, where she retched and brought up from her stomach with great diffi- culty a living creature about nine inches in length, of a white color, and described as being half as thick as her wrist, having no joints like a worm, but very active —so much so that when touched it threw up its tail like a scorpion, while the mouth was more like that of a lizard's. Several of the neighbors saw the reptile, and can vouch for the accuracy of the statement, and regret is expressed that it was buried instead of being sent to one of the medical men for preservation. The poor woman believes that another of the same species is still in her stomach, from the movements which are felt and the griping pain she experiences and probably had the creature been properly examined by a scientific man means might have been devised for the eradication of others of the sort. One gentleman (a doctor) on hearing of the affair, said that such cases were not without precedent, although rare, but that science was at fault as to the proper means to be used in them. At the Distrcit Police-court on Thursday Mr Irons the contractor for the erection of the Government 1 industrial Schools no3r the Botanical Reserve, was summoned by the kfsseof the Raglan road gate for permitting the public to evade tho gate by Dassiaz through the schools' reserve. Evidence showiog that the defendant had token all reasonable precaution to prevent a public passage there was given, and the case was dismissed. Tho bench consented to state a case to try the question whether or not Mr IronB is hound to absolutely prevent the public passim* through th© grouod. It will be remembered that when Mr Coutts' senior, had the honor of an interview with Prince Alfred, the Prince suggested that something might be done for Mr Coutts by the Government, her° As nothing had been Heard of the matter, Mr *E J Lewis wrote to the Prince on the subject, jozKinc' we presume, gently his memory. On Thursday Mr Lewis received a reply fr0m the hon. Eliot Yorko to tbo elTect that the maiter as to an appointment for Mr Coutts was in the hands of tho Treasurer and would be attended to. This, no donbr, wiil be con sidered satisfactory by Mr Coutts and his friends. Mr Sydney Gibbons, analyst, has forwarded to the Herald the following in reference to the death of the racehorse Exile at the last Ballarat races—"Since the publication of my report on the analysis of the viscera of the horse Exile, I have been favored by Mr Charles Forbes, the veterinary surgeon who per formed the autopsy, with notes of his observations from which I extract the following memoranda:- 'Upon laying open the abdomen and making an in cision into the stomach, I found it to exhibit the appearances of acute and recent inflammation. A large portion of the alimentary canal was in the same state. All other organs healthy. Opinion:— Death from inflammation of stomach and bowels brought on by an irritant poison, the operation of which was accelerated by his running a severe and exhaustive race. When I arrived I found that the grooms, in disobedience of instructions given to them by Mr Keighran, had cut open the chest and removed the heart from its attachments, so that I labbored under considerable disadvantages; but I examined the thoracic viscera, and found them healthy, and I utterly disbelieve the assertion put forward some what pertinaciously by the grooms, of a ruptured blood-vessel. It is known that the horse was not under physic, and had not been drugged in any way, for at least two months. These notes are in teresting, and as an unworthy insinuation has been made that the autopsy was incomplete, and did not sufficiently connect the arsenic which I found with the death of the animal, or exclude other causes of death, I think it fair to Mr Forbes, who is not here to make this communication.' J.he address to his Royal Highness the Duke of Edinburgh from old colonists ha8 been extensively signed. In Melbourne six pages and a half of parch ment,, to b3 attached to the addreES, have alreadv been filled with signatures, while in Geelong, Bai larat, Bendigo, and elsewhere, Bimilar progress is being made. We understand that the address will be presented oil .Friday, We learn from the Argu,:-« The golden trowel which is to be presented to tho Duke of Edinburgh when he completes his last public act in Victoria by .e me,?or'a! fitono of the graving-dock at Williamstown has just been completed by MeBora Kilpatrick and Co. of Collins street, and it is cer ™ £i 5 u"y r?markable piece of workmanship. The blade has as its principal ornament the Victorian Arms standing in domed relief beautifully enamelled in colors, surrounding which is engraved four of our Australian flora-the AipUniumfabdlifolium, Coma speeiosa Gleichtnm diearpa, and Geranium diss'-ctum. Rising from the blade and formiDg an admirable and graceful connexion with the handle is a cluster of fern fronds. The handle itself is a remarkable as well as excellent result of the goldsmith's art. Its pattern, including tridents and anchors in bold relief surrounded by rope borders, and between them enamelled laurels, is clasped by tho Galatea'a pen nant. which twines gracefully from top to hot. torn. On either side, and pinned on to the laurel, is the letter A, and the handle is termin ated with dolphins, surmounted by the coronet of a Roval Duke. This is a triumph of jewellery. Pleurae lis and Maltese crosses show well against the enmeon and enamel of the cap, and the ermine enamel in its turn assists the circle of diamonds and rubies which surrounds the coronet, and Rive an admirable Soish to the design. Tho weight of the trowel n betwetn forty and fifty ounces, designed and manufactured by Messrs Eilpatrick and Co. The blade h'is on ita obverse the following inEcriD* A?,n:T"T!liVrl?Wc-'1 ,va9 U6ed b7 HR.H. Prince Alfred, when laying the memorial-stone of the Alfred ,'"'JS Do=k. Williamstown, Victoria, 4th January, 1868; and on its reverse is a plan of the docks, tho names of the Governor and members of the present Ministry, together with those of Mr Watdell tho inspector-general of public works, and of his as sistants, At Bamboto, near Wincheleea, on the 2ljfc nit,, B young lad nomed David Bos, twelve years of age, was bitten by a brown Bnake, 5ft Gin long, and died from its effeots on the same evening. Dr Meyler wbb in attendance, bat too late to be of any avail. There is likely to be a lively meeting when the District Hospital annual meetiog ig held, as we hear that a more than usually keen contest will take place among the professional men of the town for the honorary medical and surgical offices connected with the institution. Same half dosen of the Sydney eleven visited Bal larat on Thursday, and during the afternoon tbey went to the Eastern Oval and had a little practice with members of the B.CC. They also went to the Prince of Wales claim, Sebastopol, and went under ground. It seems that it ia uot possible to get a match up with the Sydney Eleven as the time of their return is fixed, and renders a match in Bal larat impracticable. ^ Mr^Martin Dowlan has received a letter from the hon. .cjliot Torke, stating that II.R H. the Duke of Edinburgh has appointed Mr Dowlan, blacksmith at Ballarat to H.R.H. The aopointment will be sent out from England. A good deal of noise haB been made about alleged maltreatment of tho Ballarat Rangers in connection with the late review in Melbourne, but we are in formed that there is really nothing to complain of under the circumstances, Bsforo the men weat they were told what they would have to do in the matter of self- provisioning, and the hitch at Footacray with the trains is said to have been a simple blunder which, however inconvenient, hardly merits much ado among men on even a little peace campaign. The engineer of the Bungaree Board has been in structed to report on an eligible site for a poand, which it is contemplated to establieh in the district for the convenience of graziers who may suffer from trespassers. The Bungaree Board baa resolved to consider the advisability of reducing the expenditure, and has given its secretary, engineer, and rate-collector writ ten notice of its intention, should it so decida, to dispense with all or each of their services after one month from the 2nd inst. The reduction of officers or salaries being necessary in consequence of the low state of the fands. Our local correspondent writes:- "On Tuesday, Anne Brodie, wife of the late John Brodie, Crown lands bailiff, was brought before Mr J. P. Hamilton, P.M., and Mr R. H. Lick, J.P., Smythesdale, on a charge of lunacy, and was committed to Ararat Asylum, but the unfortunate woman was not till Thursday in a fit state for removal from the lock-up. It appears that her drunken habits had been con- tinued so long that she is almost, if not entirely irre- claimable. Mr Henry Barnett, surgeon, was in at- tendance upon her at the lock-up. In connection with this subject it may be stated that no fewer than seven applications from Smythesdale alone are said to have been made for the situation held by the late Crown lands bailiff, and it is further stated that some of the applications were despatched before the unfortunate man's corpse was cold, though the gene- ral feeling in the locality was that the appointment, if continued, would be given to some hanger-on of the Government now perhaps loafing in Melbourne." The amount paid into the Alliance Building So ciety as monthly subscriptions, on Thursday night, was £281 12a Gi, At the committee meeting held the same evening Mr Deeble, the secretary, tendered his resignation, which was accepted. The vote was determined, as we are informed, by the casting vote of the chairman, Mr W. R. Watson. On Wednesday, at Scarsdale, a little boy named Stewart Edgar fell into a waterhola adjacent to his father's residence, and was drowned. It appears that the chili had that very day been cautioned against going near the waterhole. The Bungaree Road Board had a protracted sitting on Thursday. It lasted from shortly after ten o'clock to near three o'clock. The ordinary meeting of the Creewiekshire Council did not take plEca on Thursday, owing to there being only Councillors Anderson, Clarke, and Tan kard present. A long discussion took place at the meeting of tho Bungaree Road Board yesterday, in reference to the state of the books, which fell into arrear, while the secretary—who was held to be blomeloss—waa en gaged in the canvass and polling of voters in the disputed territory. The annual meeting had to be again adjourned pending the writing up of the books, which is to bs done before the 15th inst. A boy named Grose got his foot cut so badly on Thursday while running barefoot through tho water jump at the Rsereatiou Reserve, Creswick, that he had to be taken to the hospital. Several pieces of broken bottles wore afterwards taken out of the hole. Afire broke out on Thursday forenoon ia the yard at the back of the Temple of Pomona refreshment shop in Sturt street. It appears to have arisen from some lighted embers having been carelessly left near ignitible matter, and tlio fire kindling up it ex tended to a do3tt in the yard. The WeBtjrn fire bell rang and same of the biigaao but the flro was put out nearly as soon as it was discovered. The occurrence shows tho need of the greatest care at this season of the year when everytbiog is so dry that the smallest spark becomes a source of danger. The four horses used for Prince Alfred's carriage are still in Mr Gibbings' stables; but he purposes sending the heavier pair to Melbourne for Bale there, and to retain the other pair in his own stable3, One of the horses was knocked up by tho furious driving from Buninyong on the occasion of the Prince's return from his visit to the Highland Sooiety's gathering there, and nothing but careful nursing sinco saved the animal from permanent injury. A deserter from the 14th Regiment, named JameB Heslin was lodged in the Ballarat West lock-up yeBterday. A man named John M'Dormott wa3 also arrested by tho Western police yesterday on a charge of having on the 8 th December, broken into the house of Mary Ann Jamieson, and stolen some property. The Australian Monthly for this month contains the usual variety of articles, most of which are plea santly readable even when they are, na aomo are, mere gatherings from other books. Same verses on the old year's " fun-jraV' by G. G. M'C., are worth reading; the first being the best of all. " My Mother," vereea from Tasmania, strike us as being considerably above tho average of "Australian Monthly " poetry, and. some less attractive verses, with still a kindred feeling, appear under th9 head, "Love dreaming of death," by Charles Harpur. "The Victorian Casual," by P. N. Nixon, gives some experience of the straits and mannera of some of those who have failed to "get on" here, and whose classical education and distinguished relationships have not kept them from tho deepest and meanest pauperism. There are some good sug gestions in the article for dealing with these " casu als." The writer of a paper "on opinions" is a little caustic bore and there in his references to well known humbugs and anomalies of society, but he says some true things whose value more than their absolute novelty will justify the reading. We have dipped into the continuation of''My Story," which reveals to us an impossible editor talking impossible nonsense, and gives us further sensational details as to the hero of the story. "Necromancy in the 19th Century," by David Blair, is a brief paper written to show that " necromantic faith is by no mean3 ex tinct," and that " there is a large range of indubita ble fact3 in hisrory and of phenomena in human life which admit of no rational (scientific) ex planation whatever." These averments are far mora oredible than another in the same paper which tells us ■' there is at least a ghost Btory in every family circle, and also devout believers in the same." Mr 'Timbrell'a "There and back," is concluded this month, and he trlls us that Queensland is healthy, fertile, and badly governed, that it is a bad place for the poor man, but an excellent place for a man with money and intelligence, but he will have to take care of the alligators and the aborigines. There are a loving appreciative notice of Alexander dmith, and a paper or two besides of minor value, but the whole is a good shilling's worth to the colonial reader. The reporter of tho Gippi Zand Guardian visited last week the principal scenes of farming operations in Gipps Lsnd, and furnishes very favorable ac counts of the present harvest. With very few ex ceptions (according to his account) the crops are good, and muoh better than they have been for two or three years past. About one-half of the corn has been already cut down, and many of the farmers talk of commencing threshing as soon as their crops are saved. The yield is confidently expected to be a very good average. The late rains and high winds have not been attended with any ill effects, and altogether the prospect of the farmers of Gipps Land are of a very cheering character. A large quantity of barley has been sown this season, and the experi ment has been so successful that, in future, we can depend on Gipps Land praduoing a good supply of this article for malting and other purposes. At a meeting of the stewards of the Creswick Turf Club, held at Anthony's American hotel, on Monday, the following arrangements were made for the ensuing meeting. Maiden Plate, £20, 1J mile; Creswick Handicap, £40, 2 miles and a distance; Selling Race, £20, li mile; Selling Hurdle Race, £20, 2 miles and a distance; Hack Race, £10, mile and a distance; Novel Race, £20, 1£ mile; Handicap Hurdle Race, £30, 2J miles; Free Handicap, £30, 1J mile; Consolation Handicap, £15, 1J mile; Hack Race, £10, mile and a distance, A trotting race for £20 will also take place, but it has not yet beon de cided whether it is to be a sailing race or a distance handicap. The secretary was directed to advertise the handicaps, A Mr O'ShanaEsy, a hotelkeeper at Melbourne, re ceived a severe cut in the forehead, besides being considerably bruiaud about the body, and a Mrs Danton wa3 ulso severely bruised about the face and body oa New Year's Eve, owing to a waggonette, driven by Mr G. F. Picklea, getting upset whilo coming down Tsit's Hill, near Creswick, in conse quence of tha rapidity with which the vehicle was being driven. The receipts of the Buninyongshire Council on tho 31st December and New Year's Day amounted to more than £1400. This large gum waB for licenses and rates. The overdraft at the bank haa been cleared off, and a considerable Gum stands to the credit of tho shire fund. The payment of the Government grant would be very acceptable, but it is a thing to be patiently waited for. , At the meeting of. the Creswick District Hospital Committee on Tuesday, the following tenders were accepted, viz:—Meat for six months, Williams Brothers; medical comforts, J. Orr; milk, P. Bowen; bread for three months, W. Grover. The tender for drugs was referred to the resident surgeon for report thereon. Resolved, on the motion oi Mr Cooper, seconded by Mr Reed—" That a vote of thanks be passed to the Revs. Fathers Hickey and Skehan for the charity sermon preached by the former in aid of the institution." Resolved—" That arrangements be made for a further draft of £200 from the Bank of New South Wales, and that the accounts amount" ing to £198 12s 2d be passed for payment." Re solved—" That Messrs Hutchinson and Rimley be asked to audit the annual accounts." Messrs T. W. Anthony, R. Leake, aud J. M. Davis were elected the visiting committee for the ensuing month, The meeting then adjourned. The district meeting of the United Methodist Free Churches resumed its sittings on Wednesday.morn ing. Amongst the business transacted was the acceptance of an offer of four churches in New South Wales, to amalgamate with the Victorian district, and also the reception of a new mission field at Sand hurst. The numerical returns ohowed an increase of 1S9 church members, and about 800 Sabbath-Echool children. The financial position of the district was shown to be very favorable in most of the circuits. The want of a few more efficient ministers was much felt, several new openings for missionary operations presenting themselves. The following are the sta tions of the ministers for the ensuing year:—Balla rat, R. Rogers; Brisbane, R. Wood; Geelong, W. B. Garner; Hesthcote, none at present; Hobart Town, R. Miller; Lillydale, J. Westacott; 1st Melbourne, J. Walker and J. Birton; 2nd Melbourne, T. A. Bayley; 3rd Melbourne, J. Langford; Rushwortli, J. Truscott; Sandhurst, one to be sent; Sydney, one to be sent; Wiiliamstown, to be supplied. " Iogomar" drew a very fair housa last night at tho Theatre Royal for Mr Anderson's able rendering of Icgomar is well kuown and appreciated. His dress is a picture, and his bearing aud elocution are admirable, no more kiDgly barbarian, with a love susceptible heart, ever having pourtrayei the cha racter here. Toe audience last night applauded the actor frequently and heartily. Miss Cooper's Parthe nia was an olegant and every-way natural rendering. Her dress wa3 classically simple, and her dialogue fresh and well emphasised. Sbe shared amply in the merited applause Destowed. Mr Batson, as Alaster made a good deal of the part, that useful stock actor giving cnrelul attention of late to his business, and growing in general effectiveness. Mr Musgravo was the old Armourer, and Mr Morrison the Timarsh, and both played with their usual success. As Poly dor, Mr Searle was bo good ond bo essentially unpre possessing that Parthenia'a disinclination to yield to his wooing was the naturalest thing imaginable. The burlesque "Ision" concluded the programme. This evening Mr Anderson will make his last ap pearance, and the performances will be for his benefit. The programme will open with Bulwer's comedy "Money," which will be followed by the comedietta "Matrimony," Mr Anderson Tvill be the Evtlyn oi the comedy, and will also appear in the second piece. We hope to see a bumper house to give Mr Anderson a really complimentary fare well. To-morrow evening thenew comic pantomime "Harlequin Robinson Crusoe and his Man Friday" will be produced. 