GROG, HO I -SIB,—In the Tarrangower paper, TtVe'bft have seen full manya caper. Which makes ns ask " What does he Q^ fM This editor so sharp and keen ; • That he " kicks np,*' like Irish Idpty, A " bobbery " for every ".shanty." * • He tries to make poor folk believe % That for law breakers they should griert - And worse than red republican, * He mortally hates the publican. For those who don't pay he will n stick up 1 " But at their " shanties " gin wquld lick up • jfor fears the EaglehaWk " Potheen " " Brewed" at Sandy Creek I ween; ^Too much of which, I fearj would kill E'en he who bring? it from the " still " • So safely to tie miner's lips Snug hid beneath a load of "chips., 1 Pr'aps he bos " lubricating " grease - • From him whose came will rhyme with Or else be feels for—" Oh! Bedad " > To cut the " Painter'' Vonld be glad; Or thinks tint, 'stead of Castlemaine, To," Harcourt" Jones might go again. t n any case most of lis-' 'jaw " Upholds the breakers of the Igw. Would not give, aye, not the ghost Of ehanoe to license-paying host; At the inpe<4or still,--will jeer^nd float And tells them Jill to. V.take'it out." \- Of Wenman be got very jealous, : For not acting like David Ellis ; " Who, poor feUow we all must say, WaS the only real -victim that day, • When " vapihonds," called Fripp aud Rckett Swore roundly to their blackguard ticket; ' And our P.M., with wnse imbued, ' Believed them nrrt—so they were " slosd.- 1 Think not, sir. I uplioM the hounds Who, on absurd and lying grounds, Have brod^ht the cases, sworn the Her, To get their pay as common spies; But I uphold that every flaw In these indictments proves the law • Is faulty, and should be repealed, And to each publican revealed His real position, and the grounds For him to pay his score of pounds, When brothels, grogshops, stores, and such, The law seems powerless to touch. And rightly so, when such as Fripp ' 1VH1 swear, or not, if he gets " tip ;'' . And Councillors on Counril day- Seem ail benumbed and quite distrait? Unable to suggest a plan To keep their revenue ; or am Do aught but whimper, and, " *o9 rot 'em,'' Fly for advice to Higinbotham, While the remedy is in the " Act," To seize the grog, and—that's a fact. But now I'm done, just for the present, , And as I like to make things pleasaut, \- 1 beg that you will quite excuse My rum-bling jin-gling faulty muse; I do think von can make improvement In treating of this grogshop movement. Still watching " sawyers, spies, and splitters," Eschewing too much prhe friends of the writer of the above are anxiously watching for symptons of delirium irtattu.—E THF NOMINATION FOE THE CENTRAL PEovntcE. —In the room of Mr Fellows, resigned closed this afternoon, when the only candidate nominated wasMr O'Shanassy. To- morrow the retaining officer, at noon, will declare Mr O'ShaniBsy duly elected. The A ge with characteristic coolness, Btates as a reason there is no opposition, the Ministerial party do not acknowledge the Upper House as the arena where financial matters sre to be decided. The real reason is the Ministerial party tried, but could not get a presentable candidate amongst their ranks possessed of the requisite qualification, who wonld run th'e risk of defeat.—Cor. of Bendigo Independent. ' ' ' SYDNEY TEIEGBAH—H.R.H. ihe Duke of Edinburgh has-consented tolay the foundation stone of the new Anglican .Church here, on the 12th of March, after biareturn fromQueenslati A. meeting of IriBh iesidente has been called to decide on the mode of celebrating Qt^atrick's, Day. - Much dissausfaction'is,expressed at the'- Government holidays. The body of a boy beaiiugfflguBof fonljplaytiasbeen fotmdlnawBtahole near Windyerl ;Private advices report that Mr Fanning, 3 settlervat'jCiwper's Creek, Iiu been murdered'there' by Ihe "blacks. He machinery of the Galatea has been deranged by the vessel straightening whilst in dock. The Maitland. annual races have been abandoned is the Prince has refused to attend them, and without that they wonld be barely attended whilst other festivities are taking place. His Excellency the Governor visited Vernon to-diy. The Esmeralda has been towed off Bafely, is perfectly, tigbti and in Port Stephens, waiting a chance of wind. Couiit Castleuea is gazetted French Consul-General for Australia. Misi Aitken's Madge Wildfire is considered a grekt success.— • THE M NUGGET. — Since the discovery of the Alsry River gold field itself, we (Maryborough ChronicleJ have not had more startling intelligence tc announce than we have to-day. Oar townsman, Mr George Curtis,* Who has a claim on Sailer £ .Gully at the bead of Nash's Creek, was at work yesterday (Thnrsday) afternoon, when ha fcaa the good fortune to drive his pick into a moneter nugget, the weight of which was reported to us' to be varisusly 70lb 75tt>, and 80ft>. We atfpl refused credence to the repoit; it seemed lite one of thofee wild rnmonrs often set afloat nntra-days; bat after making inquiry, we find the report to be correct, there can be no mistake at all about it. We had it on good authority is Mr Pockley, the manaper of the Commercial Bank at Nashville, who writes to the manager here that the nugget has been lodged in the bank, and he estimates that it contains aboa: 1,000 ounces of gold. The claim in" which the nugget was found had been worked and abuidoned, when Mr Curtis took possession of- it- Since he has worked the claim it has nero? yielded more than £3 or £4 per week, and he had some thought of leaving it and trying his fortune elsewhere. Luckily for him Be did nor. The nngget was found we understand a inches from the surface. There was great exatement ou the discveiy becoming known, and ia a few hours every inch of the ntighbemnns ground was pegged out into claims; and from oar impressions/if the spot we should be surprised if a large ertent of ^payable surfacing — nuggety and patchy—is not fonnd there. It 11 a singular cdrcumstanoe that Mr Goodchap, tts discoverer of the Caledonian Reef, which w yielded so many rich specimens, was at tne time of discovery in the Government service os furlough. • . TOM DE CASTRO. — Recent investigation made in Tasmania by. Mr John Macfcenae^ttu' legal gentleman who has for some time b«n engaged in prosecuting inquiries in the colom^ regarding the antecedents of the Australian claimant to the Tichborce baronetcy, hava r^ vealed some new facta. Tom Castro, of'Hew South Wales and Victoria, turns out to be I«Btical with a young man, named Arthar Ofton. who, early in £853, arrived in Hobart Tow, from London, in the ship Middleton. had signed ship's a.rticlea as butcher, and afterwards employed by various butchers J" Hobart Town. Ultimately, he was engaged w roceed to the station of Mr "John JonnMOi flewbum-park, Gipps Land, to act as stock®*" and general servant Photographs of Tom tro, alias SirBoger Charles Doughty Tickbome. Bart.,have been recognised by SO manyperaow as identical with Arthur Orton, that alloonu> on the subject may be considered set at rest. The wife of John Noble, 34, St Michad-str«J ®umMes, «ave birth to four male children » Friday se'nnight. The children are not mucu ttnder the ordinary size of infants at birth, W are healthy lookiug, and seem as iikely to as other infiuitc. The mother is very favourably. • GIN AND BnTEBS.v d T.T.] Bendigo lndt. ABYBOBOUGH (QUEENSLAND) MONSTEE 