and THE WEAITH OP BEN-DOUICH. TFrom Headings by Starlight. \ It is an. old story now, and is told still when the household crouch round the great peat fire, and listen to the snowstorm with out as it sweeps down Hell's Glen and out upon, the dark waters of the lake. Unlike most ghost stories, or second-sight stories, it is a true story; and they show yon, as yon pass on the top of the St. Katherine stage coach, the ruins of Mary Ferguson's house at the foot of the bill. Fifty years ago the silk mercers and stocking-weavers of Glasgow were a conser vatively domestic race, and greatly disin clined to step hegond their shop- counter in search of adventure. At that time it was possible, as it is now, to jprocure all the "comforts of the Saut-market" in the remotest parts of the Highlands; and the Luring a portion of the summer, for the par pose of sniffing fresh air on the margin of a Highland loch, on the month of a Highland glen, would then have been considered a definite and dangerous form of monomania. Where there are now long strings of pretty villas, fifty years ago there were but scattered hovels, especially in so remote a spot as the shores of Lochgoil. Here, indeed, the few people who had dared to erect their dwellings in the face of the tempestuous winds which in the winter time tore up and down the mountain passes- seemed shut otffc from com munication with the rest of the world; hemmed round by tall and eragay hills, fronted by the capricious and changeful waters of' the lake, and liable, during cer tain months is the- year, to the fierce storms which probably won for the latest ravine in tbe^neighbourhood the title of Hell's Glen. At the m<7B$h.i of this glen, and by the side of a smalT stream which trickles down at cleft in the sicfe off Bert-Douich, Donald Fer guson had built- Ms house—a small and mean-looking place;* which barely sheltered himself, his wife, antl- daughter Mary from the wind and the raini- But a man who has been brought up to tfete'-her-dir^j of sheep on a Scotch hillside learns fo' be not too particu lar whether or not a few drops of moisture drip through the roof at- night; and his wife | and daughter were in Want of no better waterproof garments than1 exceeding good j health and spirits. Audi Mary Ferguson : was of the age of eighteen^ and' she had eyes \- big, enough and blue enough* to' drive all the ' young men between Arran ahd! Aban crazy, : and'her father was very foniiother; and she had-two- lovers, and she considered! that it was very easy to read in fietiteuB- history books of some one more favoured.'by Provi dSsnce;tha» herself, but that t&'meetsach a ome in'real life was a clear impossibility. ©he very bleak and cold wilder' evening both* these lovers happened to drop*in; and old Dhnald* Ferguson, having gathered Ms sheejpinto 'the fold, had also com*iheme. As they sat round the fire, it was- noticed by every one that John MacBean, the suitor whonnMary favoured least, was evemmoce than usually morose and silent. Hd'stared into tltepeatk;, and when rallied ty- dd'Fer guson would'start up with a sudden wonder on his ffeee, as-though he had been dreaming. By-anc&byywhent; the general talk Badidied down, MfcsBean turned to Mary's father and asked him how-' many years had passed cince the wraith' of Bera-Douieh had bean" seem The conversation being thus turned^, there was nothing; heard during the remainder o£ the evening; bafe stories of apparitions;* and visions off headless figures, and talesso&stha;* awful secoadMsight, and so forth, while the wind outsrde howled above the long-flateofi white snowthat. lay in every valley and on every hillridd. " I wanttto hfeaar me mair o' sa wnsath^' said old Ferguson^ who had the genuine Northern dread of even speaking of saeh< things; "in my;mother's time it used'to come often diwiwfra sa hill, and when aanan. would try toovertake it, he was found saacearfc morning d^addmea'^en." The wrarfiiiof which he spoke was netctbe apparition obthe person about to" die, bnt;a spirit whicMwas supposed to come down-in the likeness of a • man, from the top offBfifcn Douich, ark&appaar; in front of the huasfHoff the person whose death-was imminent. The wraith then walked slowly back to thaehfil and ascende^Jiht^aeeording to popular baliefj if any person* in the- house which hadbeem visited at once ran out and clomb the-hill: before the wraith^ the spirit on reachiEg^the summit woiddi immediately vanish, andino> harm wonld befal the person whose lifad&di; been endang^xeeU. "I wud try an race up Ben-Douich wiTsa quickest wiaitht sat ever ran," said Alee Ingb's, langtring^and looking very brayae But Mary's^tafclier did not like this jpkxng with the supernatural, especially as thfewuui outside stilL moaned down the glen^. audi seemed to echo* words and cries as it passed. Overhead. The- old man proceeded to.give such instancesjas- were on record of meniand women having successfully striven apparition; .Ihhii MacBean all the;- while staring gloomilyand silently into the g&wdug; peats. "Weel do-1 mind sa mornin'," said- old Donald; "yomwnss but a.wean, Mary,- and may pe you. carina mind Duncan Mcfiiflivray knockin' at our door one night, and his coming inwi' his face white as sa snavr-ouiside, to tell nsihow he had seen sa wraiiifc. And he went out^ and he ran up sa hill,, but his feet slippit,. and slippit, and slipmi^. as sey had never done afore; and when he>bad got near ho* sa top o' Ben-Douich, sa- wraith turned and looked down on him vsdl a cauld, glittering laugh in its een, and Duncan fell clean away on sa heather, and lay there nae body kens how long. I made him lay down in s&pig; ^hair until sa morning, and sen I sent him to his house and telled. him no to mind what had happened. Wo-, never spoke o' sa wraith to him after that—never. But Duncan McGillivray was a deed man in sree days, and as his wife was sifekin' by sa ped side, he gave a wee bit cry- and sunk back deed, and then she heard a laugh outside sa house, and sare was a white thing flew past sa window." Mary's eyes were now leg and solemn, and even Tnglis did not venture upon another jest. As for John MacUean, he rose to tin feet, and said he should go; whereupon Tnglis agreed to accompany him down to his home by the side of the loeh. When they went to the door and looked out, a bright moonlight lay upon the clear snow. On the south side of the glen great shadows hid the mountains, but on the Ben Douich side the white radiance sparkled from base to summit on successive snow covered plains and shoulders; while away in the east a few snaky lines of diamonds . twinkled on the black bosom of Lochgoil. The wind still howled down through the mountain gullies; but not a cloud was. to be seen in that great still vault above, where the stars glimmered through the clear frosty air. Their farewells having been spoken in Gaelic (as being more affectionate wan the cold artificial English the natives thereabout had begun to talk), the two young men dis appeared down the valley, and Donald, with his daughter, returned into the house. It was about an hour thereafter, as the story goes, that Mary Ferguson retired to her own little room, the window of which was but a single pane of glass in a wooden frame fixed into the stone walL Lamps and candles were a luxury unknown, except on rare occasions, to her father's house; and all the light admitted into this little apartment was the light reflected from the white snow out side. It is supposed that she had either casually glanced outside in passing the .window, or had purposely been looking out to observe the beautiful moonlit tints of the snow; at all events, there was that then met her eyes which from infancy she had been taught to regard with the utmost horror and dread. The house stood on a little slope above the bank of the stream, and above tne other bank was a Bmall fir wood. It was in front of this wood that she beheld, in the clear moonlight,' a white figure pacing up and down, at times looking from under the shadow of the firs across to the house. No one can tell what sudden instinct of fear or temporary insanity caused her to act as she did—whether she believed that the wraith was the foreteller of her father's death, and could only be thwarted by herself, or whether the shock to her nerves had deprived her of her senses; but she immediately stole out of the house without awaking her father or mother. The snow was lying thick and soft upon the little cabbage-yard, and on the river banks, and on the marshy hillside, covering treacherous pits and holes, so that it was impossible to foretell what one's next step might lead to. "With a rapidity which showed how reckless her terror had made her, she ran down the slope, crossed a small, rude bridge which here spanned the stream, and with the same eager impetuosity made her way through the deep snow which lay around the outskirts of the wood. It was at this moment that her father, having been aroused by the noise of her shutting a small gate at the foot of the cabbage-garden, rushed to the door and saw her disappear behind the firs. Thinking that his daughter was the victim of some sudden attack of sonnambnlism or insanity, he hastily threw on a few articles of clothing and ran off in pursuit. Crossing the bridge and rounding th6 wood, ho looked np the hill, and there, far above him, instead of one solitary figure, he saw two forms—the farthest off being clothed in white. The nearest he imme diately recognised atf that of his daughter. And the other? The dkeadfalsuperstition of which they had been taHring at once flashed across his mind, and, paralysed by fear, he could only stop and watch* the two moving things np amongst the cold white snow. He saw her straggle on aaaS on, grasping at the tough brackens which protruded above the snow; sometimes slipping down into some concealed hollow, at another time climbing bravely up the face of & glistening piece of rodfc. Then, with a settst? of dull blindness, and with a cold weight Upon his heart, he saw that she was drawing' nigh to the brink of tin#gprgedown which the-stsream hehad jnst crossed flowed. Uttering a vM cry, he started once more in pursuit, love fosr Ms daughter overcoftsing all terror and fear1:- .He followed her feot tracks, but the undh&tioiis; of the bin seen1 shut her from his' sight, and he coutUl 1 only stumble on in thfe'terrible hope that he' wovdd be in time to avfetft her destruction. Suddenly a shriek, f&ilili; as the death-cry cfl & drowning' man, rang through the air, and! repeated itself in hnmmerable echoes ' aleng the glen. The neaS? moment he heard a rspid rushing sound sose.^ distance in front of Mmij the wind blew ie* hie face a lot of loose-SioW ; and then all whs1 silence again. But, with a fearful presentartfenti fee left the track- he-' had been following, andj, bearing down to»tb© left, soon fount* ifltaseif in the bed of fire stream. Here progression was even rssre- difficult; but an ungovernable impulse; dbove him to struggle' over the boulders?a&d-; fragments of rock: which filled the valley. Fresently he heard^ or femcied he heard^ a? slight moan; and stttmbli&g; on in the diraetion whence the soutBd.:^jrocee3ed, | a beam of moonlight showed hin)*alinos$ at his feet, tiecapparently lifeless fcam> of ti* daughter. Jfneelisg down, he court lier in i his arms, anrL^wipedl the snow fromher stall | warm face, himself unconsciously moaning.. There was*a£H>thJsr sound broke th^-perfect stillness of fiab plane; the figure e£-a>maaa came rapidly d&wau; the glen-side, scattering the snow as ieJeapfe from rock to rock-^; and! i there was now-added t®> the group JofehiNfec i Bean. | Old Fergusc-if*3M no4.ask ktmhowlbeame i there; nor df£3. he? speak in any wsyj; , it; I seemed as if h£&->Teason had left him. ■ The | young man, ps&vand; trembling, cauca^dtoiv. : ward to look into ' the; isaee of the girl; .andi ! then these two, silently* as though awe-st#uek. I by the dreadfuhsilen.ee; around, lifted tra^be; j dead body and btee--iff home. Donald" Efr j gnson knelt do«s.un> prayer by the bedside ;; ; when he rose Jehu - MhcSban was gone, audi there was no oaeeto; answer the frantio&en-i; ! qudries of the gs^s •mother, j Next morning^huwevmr, when the circuma j stances of the case'biegani ta> be enquired into,- , i when Mary's father tokl] the neighbours who > j came to offer himdheto-sympathy everythhig^ i that he had seen en the -pBevioius night, there - ; were more than sea mam gwre vent to a su»> !picion of John MdoBfaa hawing been fire; wraith. Young Jfegfesy, saying nothing, Ifeffcc : the house and maddhisiway op the mountain.) j alone. i ' Half an hour tlsreafter-fee returned to thh* 'village, and walhedtSiatO' the house of ha®> | brother-in-law. (threw down on the floor ; a large white sheeirand i ai cap. j "These," said idy.im Gaelic, "are Jckht {MacBean's. I foraxLthemi on the hillside. Ifc \ was he who kiflecKhftr-. Lend me your gum"' I "For what?" j " There is a heron im the marshes on fiito i other side of the-loch;, and 1 am going; fa* | shoot her." ' " Why should, yym go now to shootb aj I heron? Take these.-thingp round to DorteMc I Ferguson's." i "I shall take ttSemioni my way." I He got the genu audi went round to tba> i other side of tha.-. lake.. But he did not",go> = down into the maashea; he went into the* | house of John MieBteoaa, whom, he found! sitting moodily kyyfche fire. He flung dsmn before him the aduste sheet and the cap, 2sdi said, "These are years.. You killed her-l&sfc; night." "I did noS^" negfied John MaeSdafii, starting to hist feet;; "it was a jest—Iwas; not near her witee-sba fell—I intended " And here k& tumbled heavily on th& floor; shot through, the- heart. Ingles fled to >St. Katherine's, gpt,a>.boat there, and crossed?to Inverary, and. subsequently, it was supposed, succeeded in escaping to an Irish seaport, and thence hemi the country. The sokdaon of this mysfiery died with John MacBean, though they- who now tell the story can easily fnrnisbryou with two or three: reasons why he wa& tempted upon that night; to as sume the giise.of the Wraith of Bea-IJemeli. 