I ®í)c $g&neg; imorning peíalo. SATURDAY, MARCH 28, 1868. [ -**?-, IN the legislative Council, yesterday, lhere wat, no buBin BS to dispose of, and the House adjourned until lue.daj next IK the Legislative Aesembh, jei-terday, -ht kidney Boundaries Amendment Bill was dis- charged front the paj er Mr AA iMjBypn. mos<d the second reading of the Svdnej luxation Limitation nnd Boundaries Ex- tension Bill He explaired that the objects of the bill vi ere, first to exempt from taxation the reservoir belonging to the Git) AVater AA'brka, and situated in the Paddington Municipality , and next to take in a piece of land Ijing outside the Citj Boundary beivveen that and thjj Olebe Municipality, which, being in a low si'uMion ripar the Black AVattle Swamp required to be looked alter Mr SUTIIKKI,AND moved the adjournment of the debate for a week, to give the Paddington Munici- pality time to express un opinion upon it Mr J STEW AKT denounced the bill as the coolest piece of impudence winch the Hi use hud witnessed during the preBcnt best-ion There were no less than four bill» on the paper from all of which the citj was tti derive advantage, but this was the most impudent of the lot Mr S C BnovvN reparded the bill as so false in principle thai tie House would not hesitate an instant about throwing it out Mr LUCAS, Mr 1 OUSTEU, and Mr Itrsxs opposed the bill lhe ndjournmrrit of the debate to Tnday -was eairied, on divit-ion bj amnjontj ol 10 to IO lhe House went into committee on the Councils m endmentB to the St Andrew s Cathedral Close Lill Mr LIVCAS moved the adoption of the amended Schedule, when Mr J STBIVAUT, objeetmg to the whole measure, movtd the Chnirmatiout of the chair lins wns m gat n id bj l.toC Mr J STEW AUT moved that progress be reported Hut was negatived bj 17 to 5, After some furtl er remarks, the remaining amendments were dealt with and reported to the House lhe House adjourned at a quarter-past 6 until 3 0 clock on M onda s. THE colony hus shown both its brightest and its darkest sides duriBg the residence of the PKIKCE in this city. It has displayed its best and its ivorst tendencies. It is said that all things are set off by contrast, and that every attractive picture requires a distribution of light and shade. Wc should have been glad had the representation been a little more luminous, and the darker lines more sparing. But while many have endeavoured, by the sup- pression of discord and the encouragement of goodwill, to present the fairest aspect in colonial life, others seem to have endeai-oured to destroy the effect of these efforts, and to show how apathy at best in the people has placed our institutions in the hands of those who have exhibited intellectual or moral incompetence. . We have still to remark, what has been before confessed, that the most unworthy of their functions are the persons whose earlier connections and social advantages should have made them an example to the rest. We regret to add another proof of these facts, in the speech of a colonist whose position might have insured n superiority as great in political influence and character as in private life. What can have possessed this gentleman, whose interests are all identified with the colony, and who in many respects has obtained kindly recognition from those who surround bim, to make the speech reported in our ihsue of Thursday last? Is there one person of his own rank of life, or even among his own political associates, who does not deplore the loss of legitimate influence he must su!; r, and the example ol' violence he has given. His attack upon the COLONIAL SrxKETAitY was utterly disgraceful. Of that Minister wc have never been the flatterers. But whatever may have been our opinion of his political creed, or career in former times, ive have no right at present to make them matters of special comment. Most colunial statesmen have, from time to time, traversed precisely the same ground, and where tergiversation has con- tinually been imputed to the backs of each party -like horses in a mill, they have been often ut. opposite points, but (hey have _ gone the same round. When, however, it is said that Mr. PAKKES deserves the fate _ «f the unhappy man who is now awaiting his trial, and of whom wo should be sorry to speak in circumstunces where we rihd him-when he staleB that the COLONIAL ÖUCHETABV is not Jess o traitor, and deserves not less punishment -we are only astonished at. such i- tempera-ice of speech, and at. the forbearance of the House. We see in the recent bill how abuses of liberty lead to its loss. Wè shull sie in the i violence of this parly spirit a reason for curtail- V ing, ü'not withdrawing, the privileges of inde- pendent legislation. It is impossible for any country to tolerate such a system, and those who reiterate its excesses are not friends of freedom, but its most dangerous foes. The Legislative spirit has descended to the 1 City Council-if that terra be a proper one in | comparing the relative dignity of the legisla- tive and municipal bodies. If the SFEAKKE of the Assembly has shown too much delicacy or reserve in dealing with disorder, certainly the MAYOR of Sydney has not manifested any squeamish reserve. He has spoken out, and in ' the most demonstrative manner. The discus- sion raised by Alderman PRITCHARD as to a poll-tax, which all concur was correctly reported as far as it went, was only calculated to render loyally ridiculous. But there was much of comedy in the whole affair. While the Aldermen were in the'midst of the performance Avith a temporary chairman, '"who waB evidently puzzled by the plot, another kind of spirit supervened. In steps the veritable MAYOR, and announces Act Five before the first was OA'er. As the moments pass away he gives them to know that at a fixed instant all i would be terminated. Mr. PRITOHARD'S time for explanation would be gone, and his listeners' time for hearing him over. There is something very amusing in the last few paragraphs of this report. Mr. MOORE, who delivers his judg- ments in a peremptory manner, says :-" I will do"what is right ; I shall close proceedings at half-past 3 precisely." i Jtlere is the closing scene : " The Mayor : I must put the motion for adjourn- ment. " Mr. Butler : I hope, Mr. Mayor, you will do your duty in that chair, and contine Mr. Pritchard to the question before the Council. " Tho Mayor : If you will leave the matter in my hnnds I will do what is right. I shall close proceed- ings at half-past 3 precisely. " Alderman Hurley : AVe at this end of the table decline to do that. " Alderman Macintosh : AVe meet here as equals ; the Mayor is simply the executive of the Council. If we are to be dismissed whenever the Mayor thinks proper, -we nie no use here whatever, and may as well go home. The Mayor cannot dismiss UB at his diFcretion. " The Mayor : You will find, gentlemen, I shall do it in my own way. " [Time : Twenty-nine minutes past 3.] " The Mayor, to his orderly : Clear the room of strangers, and close the door at half-past 3. ""Alderman Butler : As far as I am concerned, I um willing to allow Alderman Pritchard to speak for an hour. " The Mayor : I shall have the room cleared at hslf-past 3 ; it is evident ive shall come to no conclu- sion to-day. " Alderman Macintosh : I protest against the con- ' duct of the Chair. .' The Mayor ; Your protest will be of no use to me. If you don't like my ruling, you know what to do. " [Time : Half-past 3. The reporters andstrangern were cleared out of the chamber, and the aldermen, it is presumed, resolved themselves into an improvement committce.J " Thus, while Mr. PRITCHARD was labouring to explain himself, the moments were in flight, and the instant when, according to Moore's Almanac, the time was precisely half-past three o'clock, he dealt with the Council in the way in which a kind host terminated the enjoyments of the night at twelve o'clock. " Clear the room of strangers" said the Mayor. The orderly, no doubt, as such officers always are, glad of such a commission, closed the folding doors and thus the drop fell-we mean the drop scene, and the aldermen disappeared from the public view. The reporter states that they resolved themselves into a Committee of Improvement, and we hope that they were successful. Would it not be desirable for some gentleman in the Assembly to propose the appointment of a joint committee of the Municipal and Legislative bodies to con- dense, in black and white, the quintessence of | the rules by which those bodies have been guided, the colony represented, and our visitors edified : FOR about the tenth time since responsible government was introduced we find the ! Assembly indulging in a fit of economy. When Mr. DEAS THOMSON surrendered the reins of power, loud were the denunciations of the corruption and extravagance of irresponsible ! officials, and eager the expectations of a search- ing reform. When the people's representatives had the unchecked control of the public purse, then it was confidently anticipated that the people's money would be sacredly handled, and a prompt stop would be put to waste. No one seemed to doubt the fact that there was great waste, or to suppose thnt there would be any difficulty in putting a stop to it. bow happy we should be now to wert to the rate of annual expenditure that prevailed when Mr. DEAS THOMSON ceased to govern, or even to increase the rate proportionately to the increase of population. ¡So far from a more democratic Government being more economical, the very reverse has happened. Never before was less regard paid to the pockets of the tax- payers. Until about four years ago, when the unwelcome discovery of a large deficit com- pelled a little discretion, the annual expendi- ture steadily increased, and that too iii a ratio far greater than the increase of the people. Nor has all the pressure put upon the Government since then been able to retrieve the extravagance that had become too popular. Some reductions hav« been made, and mude with great difficulty, but they have been counterbalanced by other expenditure. It is easy to indulge in the spending mood ; it is not easy to get back into the practice of a pain- ful but honest frugality. Hon. members now feel themselves entan- gled in a net work of extiaiagancc. The} aie, peihaps, honestly desirous of getting out ol it. But they cannot. They plunge, and kick, and tear, in all diiections, break- ing a mesh heio and there, but making no effectual diminution in the strengtii of the bonds that confine them. We have seen this process íepeated oier and over again ¡sometimes the House, vexed and exhausted with its repeated and useless efforts, has giddi} found an excuse for relaxing its exertions in the promise of the Government that it would, in some forthcoming recess, give a thorough óveihaul to the Estimates, so that reduction might be made equitable and symmetrical. Whether the Estimates ever were submitted to any such rigoious scrutiny is best known to those who promised to do the work, but certain it is that no result of the' expected kind ever enme befoie the public. On another occasion, the House having, after a suctession of fierce fights, effected several isolated leductions, found that it was getting into a bit of a mess, and establishing very un- equal rates of pay for different services. So it not only abandoned the further prosecution ol' its self-impofed task, but consented to have the reductions it had effected reA'oked. Experiences of this kind have convinced seA'eral lion, mem- bers that the House is incompetent to make a proper reduction on the Estimates-that if u considers the CNpendituie too large the prope. plan is to remit the Estimates back to tin Government for reconsideiation, and that if u is no1 strong enough to do that, it hail bettej leave the responsibility with the Executive. \ But what bon. members can do, and do ! effectively, is to watch very carefully over in- creases and over new expenditures. Every year fresh items slip into the Estimates, and once there, they get such a vested position that it is very hard to wedge them out again It is no use attempting economy if every saving is neutralised by some fresh extravagance. If a sharp watch is kept in this direction, so as to prevent increases, and the Government at the same time takes advantage of every vacancy to prune superfluities and reduce high salaries, a gradual and effective reduction will be achieved. Something too, perhaps, might be done by reducing the quantity of departmental work. The correspondence might, perhaps, be diminished ; the stationery at present used in governing the people of this colony being some- thing prodigious. At the same time, as we have often pointed out, the great cost of Government is not in the departments, and the utmost revision in that quarter can only produce comparatively small results. The most costly department, as regards the payment of personal services, is that which involves the administration of justice, police, and prisons. A reduction here might have sub- stantial results. Since his accession to office, Mr. PARKES has been often twitted with his declamation about the possibility of a great and sudden economy, and especially with his statement just before he was called to office that a hundred thousand pounds might be saved in the police depart- ment alone. These criticisms have been per- fectly fair, though Mr. PARKES is not the only man who has laid himself open in a similar manner. When in opposition lion, members often talk very wildly and very foolishly, and when they get into office they are obliged to recant. Mr. PARKES has now done so. The police are in his department. He has the opportunity of reducing their cost by a hundred thousand pounds if he still thinks such a reduction possible ; but having all official opportunities of studying the matter thoroughly, he confesses that he cannot at present effect any appreciable reduction, nor, probably, would any member of the Opposition it' he were elevated to the position of Colonial Secretary. It is idle for lion, msmbers to impeach the Go- vernment for not doing what the accusers them- selves would not do if there were a change of places. Mr. PARKES mnkes a lair distinction when he discriminates between expenditure on de- partments, and expenditure for undertakings the Government enters into on behalf of the com- munity. These latter are supposed to be worth their money. There is, perhaps, a tendency to indulge too freely in them, and to make Government a universal fac- totum. It is quite possible for us to charge the Administration with too many duties, and it is equally possible for the Govern- ment to perform them on a scale of expenso be) oiid the means and the needs of the colony. We cannot afford everything that is good or desirable, and we must be content with a modest .and economical style in those things we under- take. We must adapt our style of living to our means. CIRCUIT CointTb -The sittings of the Ai lindale Gnctut Court Mill loinnienco on the oth of Apt ii, hefoit his Honor Mi TIHICP Hnrgmvt Mi 1 His mil prosecute foi the Crown Hie following mo Iho cuses ut prcbent foi tri ii - 1, Joseph Jumes, iiiulitioiih publmitiou of a libel, 2, Ittbert Curran horso bteahng, á, Jumes AVilkins, mm der, 4, John Clnik, nt tempting to eomiiiil suicido ö, Jinki (aboriginal), muidtr, 0, AVilhim Horn Simmons, robberj, being armed and lu tompanj Mifh iinothei person unknown, 7, Jiunts Puce uiurdot The Circuit Couit nt Giulburn will comnieuce its sittings tn tin 6th of April IIis Ilonoi Mr Jubftco lauceftwill pu side 1 ilber the Attoiuev Ginetnl oi Solicitor General w ill prosecute Hit cuses m the i alendar are, 1, Patrick Bonov an, A\ ilbnin Di nov nu, Mu bael Donovan, nnd John Biognn, ns«nult, 2, Ah Aoung, wouudm,; with intent to muidir d, Bciunrd Donucllv, rapi, 1, Samuel Garland, rape ; lliomns Maher and (jeore,e L)nell, robbiug with noli ni L G, Michael Speed}, John Kell}, and John I ni lor, nipe 7, bimmel Buttum, John Bottom, nnd 1 hemos Corbv, liuceni , 8, John Matthews, horse stealing, 9,1 dwnrd Brudi, sheep-btcalinj,, 10 11 12,13 li AAiTlmm Mundill, alms Collins-, murder (the cases) lhpfcittinDs ofthc CncuitCourt at AVngga \Va{,c,a will commence on the 20lh of April Mr Justice laucettwill preside, but it lins not jet been dotci mined ii ho will piosc euto The following are the cases nt ptescnt m the calendar -1, ltoberl Cottrell, rohberv, being nrraed 2 nnd o', two otlui chiugis of a similar ehurnitei agaiust sumo prisoner, 4, Jnnies M'Cnrthi, horse stealing, 5, John Keenan Inrceny 1 nu- -About 8 o'clock lnst evening a fire broke out in Messis A\oods, Shortland, imd Co b stables, Botunv Bond, Redfern The No 1 A oluntcei IirtCoinpunj vi tri speodil} out with their engine, and werocloeplv followed bv two manual engine» ot tho Insuninio Compnni Bv the time thev arrived, however, tho Uro bud ¡.it good hold of tho building, which vins constructed of weatherboard, and caused a grcnt blaze 1ht enduits were set towoik, and succeeded in ealing some portion of the building Hie greater portion of it, hoiioier, nnd ii lnre,o qunutitj of hnv und corn vero destruí ed Tilt building vins uninsured LMIOZ CvbtoMS ¡5EI71J]IP-An important boi/urovns mnde on Thursdnv at Macnamnra s AA hnrf, bv Mr C G llcid, landing waiter, consisting of C07 bags of bran nnd tullurd, c\ Amntcur, from Lv ttelton, Is ovv /enlnnd ihe lenson for sei/uro wiib that it vins pnssod at tho Customs as ¡lour, upon which there is no duti, bran and pollard being subject to a dut} of S per cent ad valorem Iho vnlue of the goods is tüOO, making the dutv which should have been paid £30. ACCIDENT-lhe lion member foi the Claronco (Mr John Robertson), on 1 hurt-da} night nietvsithnnneetdotitof some seventy He vsn>) ruling homo nt ti brisk pnee along the South Henri Kond AVhcn he enine to town tho course yin«- clear, but during the dnj n quantity of stones had leen put down, to divert the trnflie to ajoition of the road leuntlv i-cpniritl On tho wnj home, Mr Robertson's horse, lollovsinglho trnek it took m the morning, tripped upon these stones, nnd eime lo thi e,iound with great yio hnce 'J he bon member toi lhe Clarence is much cut mid bnn-ted about the fine, nnd om ot his hnndh it- injured, hut his vsuundE tiro not eonaidcied dingereiih 1he piuctico ti putting stones bv the wayside, and leaving them nil ntflit, without tin) light to shiivs tho obsti utlion, lsverj ctmition, hut ej.cteelniglj obieetionnblo '1 IIAMvSCnlNC FOlt IKE llLCOVLU. oi II It II Tin lix M3 oi LniMi-Km -lhe Bishop of Ssducj ha« issued the following thank»,:»in,r nnd pi ijer to be i--sutd n Simditj next in all Uio churches of hit diocese, nud for ?even (lays niter ysith ieterenio to the rocoviiy of H It II ilie liol o ( f Ldinburgh Uns is not intended to supeisido ihi nieesntv of ti tenetal ilnv of thanksgiving, which it in hopul his L\ccllencj the Governor will appoint lins Pniyti lo be used after tho Genoinl lhiiuks ¡.lvinp-' O Almighty Gcd, who art a Btrun-, tosci of tliftnir-ii'ito Uiy henani« ngnmst thofnecof thtn eiumio ssi yield Hue pituso and thanksgiving for lhj mimes itr-eiitly yomliHifrel to the Dukeof Ldmbuigli, in icstiiing Ininti htnlth nnds'tcntrth AVo givoThto humble aud licfiily tlinnks that 1 hou didst graciously, dehvei him from the {.nut dingn anti peni to whteh he waa exposed , and vio piny Ihee lo continue thy losingkindncBs unto lum, md to piolnntr Ina dava upon earth, that ho mny live to Theo, nud ho nu instrument of Ihy gloiv, bl seivwg Ibcc Inilhfullv nnd ilouig good in his generation Gi nut this, O 1 oui, fur i hy inereics' sako in Ihy Son, oui I md Ti MU- ( hnst, who lisi 1 and reigneth with lhee and ti t lilly Ghost, win Id without end Amen " In the Corn- il unitu Nivuo this Priyei to lo used instead if the Col lut lu tin Quien - 'AIIIULIIIV God and licivcnlj Tathei sslii 1 nst ni nil DL,(S si esscd iuith lhv paw er and more) in tin e,iiieiouh di lui nine is oi Hi) C burch, and in the pro tin n of tin m thnt ] ut then trust m lhee wojield lite unfeigned tliiin1 s anti priwe ns for lhj mnnj oin ¡.KI! mid ]iib1 i meine st espccmllj foi that s (.rid nul w(inchrful ilclisii-une vouchsafed to lhj II y nut the Puki i f J iiiulinifch hum tin leeeut traitorous lidii] lunn his life mid n^vst d > this day most henrtilj idt'tviutly ndt re mid inn^-niís lhv gloiious iinin» for li S ihy gient goodness vi uihsnfid to us, BO vse do most m n 1 ly IcKieh Ihie toe mintie lhv gntee tint! favour ysnids us, thnt nn MU h dismal i ilnmity m TV evi i i¿ainfnll 'tp( n us ¡strengt hin the h tnds of out Gruious Sovereign Quien Autorin, und 11 thnt ne jut in tiuthoiitj undei hu, ysiih )iidf.nicnt ¡ntl jitstico to cut off all sinkers of iniquity Prottet nnd defend our Sovereign Iiov lhe Quien with the vsloli liovnl family from all minns and consí inn io lie unto her nn helmet of ah mun, nnd aMrungfivsorof defence ignnst the fate of II her murnea, clothe ihein with shume and confusion, I ut «pin heii-ilf und her posterity lot her crown for over iiinish feu vse lhv people, and tile sheep <>f lhv misture, ill(jvi .lue thinks foi evil, i nd will ulvsaysbt Bhovving ill, Jin i>rnisc ire m ¡.enemticn to genenth m, throU¿lí lui f ( lins , »in iiilv Sniicui ind Itedoemer, to vvhom, v illi J hu, O 1 nillir, mid the liol) Ghost, le gloiy m thi (luieh tlmu(.htut nil tiges-, vsoitd y tthout end Amen ' BALMAIN Vol ONTHHU RIFI K Com s -A genoral meet- ing of the members of tho corps convoned for tho purposs of considering proposed hy laws, electing a committco, aad transncting other business, was held in the hall of the School of Arts, Balmain, on AVcdnesday ovonin» \- Captain Jaques m too chair About fifty mom bera of the corps were present, and the chairman commenced tho business of the mooting bv exnlmning the provisions of the A olunteer Act of 1807, and tho icgula tions therounder The chairman concluded hi? remarks by stating that in pursuance of the 32nd clause of such Regulations ho had made the fol'ovnug promotions m the corps, which promotions had been npprovod of by tho Colonel commanding the Volunteor torco -Sorgonnt AAr 1 Longfiold, to bo qunrtcrmastcr sergeant, corporal C Mansfield, to bo sergeant, privates G Stack, Il E Tidswell, C Parker, J Garrard, and G Molvillo, to be corporals After a somewhat lengthy discussion, a codo of by-laws, to be submitted to tho Colonol commanding the force for npprovnl, were ngreod upon These bj-laws wore framed upon the model set to be found in Appendix G attached to the Itogulntions Thoy próvido for tho intoinal lnnnngcmoul of tho corps, tho election of a committee consisting of tho commissioned ofllcors and Ave members of tho corps, and tho imposition of fines-for quitting tho corps or being non offlciont undor certain cir- cumstances, for non-ntlendnnce nt punidos, improper con- duct m the tanks, nnd certain irrcgularitios and olfences at rilli) pincticc The following memhors woro then elected to bo, with tho commissioned olliccrs, a committco for the ensuing j car, vi/ -Quartermaster sergeant Longfield, corporals Stack and tidswell, nnd privates Mirtin and 1 ink} Iho following resolution was earned unanimously, and a band committco appointed to can j it into offcot, viz , " That it is desntiblo to establish a fife and drum band m connection with the corps Iho mooting closed with tluco cheers for the Queon, three for Princo Alfred, three foi lus Lxcollenc) the Gol ernor, and Lad} Bclmoro, also n loti of thanks lo tho captain Tut BiiAoois Tnouriî oí TAI ANFSF PFUI OUMPIIS - This celebrated compnnj, whose porformnnces at Mel- bourne havo been so htghl} oulogiscu b} the Press of that uti, lune taken tho Opera House for n short season, anil mnko their fust appearance on Mondii} night Tho f nts of these Jnpnncso jugglers nnd acrobats hm e not only tho merit of novelty, bul nro nlso oxrromol> clcvor- somo of thom buipnsingl} ao The first nppenranco of tho recently arrived troupe is announced for Monda} night Tun PRINCE OF AVAT FS OÍ I HA HOUSE -An amateur performance, given hist evening for the benoni of Mr Ii llollovvii}, uns will attended, nnd a musical intorludo by Mi Horslc} much nppreeintcd lo night Mr AV Binn, who hm, been long and fniourubl} known ns a caterer for public unitibciitmts in this eitv, till es a complimentary benefit lheie is no person connected with IV S}dnoy stage who bus more genuine claims upon tho pi i} going poition of the community The piofessionnls show that thev full} n cognise his ellorts, and hav e tendered thoir service-! and the committee of "Ibu Colonists Ball have fcivm their pntronage us n mnrk of their npprccintion of Mi Binds gintuiloiis c criions to render that nflaira sue« ss AM ti NT OJUIFI oi roucsTrits-A very pleasant 11 ¡tiwi ( i the numbers uf Couit Morning Slnr, No 2002, of the above Oidti, took place ut thou Hall, Botan} street, A\utei)on, in luesdnv evening ln«t lheoccnsion was tho liutintiin of Kcntlenun is honoitir} member» of the Court bv thi unnniinous vote of Iho members 1 ho gontlemcn Ibu« admitted vieie Mi John Sulhorlnnd, MIA, Mr A\ lllinm Brinnt, lateMuv or of Ai uterloo , Mr Banbcy, Mr John AA llllnmson, and Mr AViIlium Powell After the-ie "intloncii hull bein initiated into tho ni} sienes of I orestry, iiiioriling to the rules ind rite« of Hie ordei, a present ilion of lertifintce topnsl chief oflicer^of the Com! look place Hie recipients wiro P C It Crime, P C It Mm tin, and Pt li Pili lhi ccitiikutes were benutifull} executed iilourid tnLi innes, euiblcniitit of the Older, lately re until from the Ililli Comt it linne, nnd hand somilv fi in ed The jlesenlnlion was, ut tho icqucst cf tho Conti unie Iv Biother L T Haiiksloj Afin lu ]i(s(nt itun vu s um und the business of lie Couit te nein hil the Brclhiin mou tim i si\li in number, minn" whim wen s0\ernl vi ltors from othei Court« nt tin niiifntion if Dr Durne}, idiottui d lo Biolhct Ciano« hohlihi, ni« io nu (\cclient supper was bud out to which limpie iiisticcvm« ven sj ctdilv dene The chair wAs oc- cupied bi 1) C It Um st who on the i emoi ni of tho cloth, proposed the health cf her M(st Gracious Mnjest} the Que n, iv hu h uns ihunk with the utmost enfhunnsui the Brclhiin bulging the National Anthem The health of the Prime mid Princess of A\ ules i us ulso di unk, und tho thnirnmn then proposed, " Th si eed} restornliou to he ilth of lusliO}nl Highness tho Duke of 1 dinburgh, and nny be long hie to be an oinninent to bis noblo profession and nn honour to Old 1 nglnnd Hie tonst iras driinl in bumpeib with the most vociferous applause nnd music ii honouib Hie healths ti his Licellcncy the Earl of Belmore nnd the Countess of Bebnoro wcro also drunk with gieul cntluiMiisni Sei einl other foists 'eie proposed and Mutublv nckntw lodged MFSMEMSM-Buiing tho pn»t vvtek l)r Gnu lins held his seances nightl} nt the School of Artb, bcfoio ciowded andiente, w bom he hns «t u tied vi it li the most c\ti noi dinni} experiments nnd innnifestnti ns On sovei ii occasions, a loiuig Indi hns been blindfolded, and conducted by n depu Intion of gcntlimen iwni from the hnll-in fact on cue occasion she wns token into the bael loom of n shop in litt street with whiih silt nils, cntiiclv unncquninti 1 - when Di CUT, without leaving the platform, influentes hei io return to the hall nnd on to tho Mu,rt AA'hilst his buliccls-ne imdei the iiitsmeuc influence, he sticks pins through different parts cf then bodies, without causing Ihc slightest pim Lust evening the light side of tho be dies of two subjeits-a }oung lndv and u gentleman vi ore mngnetised, whilst the left sides of their bodies weropir fectlv sensible Hits fitct vins illustrated bj his sticking jins through the miu-elis over the 0}e, thiough tho linn, 4.C On one evening ho e\trnc(ed n tumour fiom the neck of a subject, nnd n needle from tho hand of another with- out ciuibiiig nnv pniu Ai bilst rho pins lemnm sticking in the flesh the uidicnce me pcimittcd on the binge to lUbpect them Dr C in s manifestations of the scienco seem endless-he can evoke iov or sorrow. | lum his Mibiccts into mourners, nciobnts, mesmerists, "Chnsti Minstrels,' ¿Le , &c; , nt pleusuic Tho chair list evening vi is tnken bv Mr John line, Under-Secret uy forA\oiks who, nftci the entertainment was concluded, cc nil sstd his belief and astonishment m the powers of tho mesimnst Dr Cntr announced that this evening his manipulations would be of n still more ntuucmg charnctei Ibun tbev hove vet bom lui COMIÓ. G\I Minoru-Hie lim Comm of AVcdncsdni limitions ti it Collin--, or Mundiv, is still nu inmute c1 the Ans» g iol, but it is expected that he will be removed te Goulburn m a fevs days Dr Campbell y isttotl the pnol c n S tturdnv 1 i«-t foi the pul pose of ernie iv ourtng to nseerttun the mental state of the pneouei nud wo under- stand that tho impression on the doctor's nund is that Munday is «ow ccuym mutti 'Iho iilthj state m which his head and beard vscie ut the time of his arrest has been piutinllv ehangi-dbv a c .nous apphcahon of soap nnd wate r nnd the use of a comb teutl brush '1 he gnol regulations do not permit tho lompulson .having and iropuing of pri foiitis foi ti inl, otheivviso it would have beon ea=> enough to gd nd of tho vermin Alter washing his feet from tke dust of the roads, for it must ho remembered tbat ho lind no bopti- on when tnken, thero were unmistiikable stains of blood-the blood of his victims-on his heels, und which it has been found impossible to remine Ho is still very coi i mutnentivo about the murder« he has committed, although the rest of thepnstners hold no mtcre ourse with hmiwlmt ovir Ile ofteu rope its that ho kuosss he will be hanged, mil docs not dosue to live , tis he had nil through lite been eiuollj tri itctl, he wished to set what sort of place ¡he other "world vsns On one oecasiru, in alluding to Iho Gap minden1, he said (hey wetc nothing to vs lint he dal nt Mmfhnd, mid fir vshich he icetived ti sentenn of fifteen veins lie np] ins to hnsi alsstiv. su-pci led tlnse who cinplojcd bim c1 intention to client bun of his wn^s Ile snul he lined euee vulh the fttuilv of n squatter, nnd when tht time appro iched for the u mpletion of his agree- ment he i \j O'tod nothing else thin tobo turned <fis vsiihout n settlement "If smd he, "thev hud dom so, I vs ould has e put thi w hole of them to sleep Ho ita thor snid that Gomm s lol vsns not the first he hnd put to sleep Dinlh, li< said did not highton him, hi was noser fuchtelnd c i it hut once, vrbon, while on horn back, lu sras tit tht ctl^c of n piec put*, mil olio fnlsc step v ould huso sent lum to theothei werai lhe i nlj instaure* of mono niniiia thnt can be tinted in tlir irisoner nie, that ho t-t it ed on one (ftnsion finit he lind beni honten while ns] op at Conroy , nul on nuctlitr, suire hi« tonliuetuent in (,aol, thnt Ceuiov mci hi wife vshile ho was lying m bel at the Gup, thus hitudfiils of bee over his hind and bud), which accounted fei the flltliv --tito m which he wiib Since the temblé deeds wert onnetcd nt tim Gap no one lins occupied the housp m winch tho murders were committed Hu nttittttss, which lind covered some of the bodies and which lind beou left undei the verandah, has beou removed, und we behove, bunit lhe mun who assisted in pi itint; the bodies in the tint on the morning after the murders has sure tnkon charge of tho sheep, and occupies the detached building in which Mrs Conroy slept At night tht tits~irby will bo attracted bj the glaro of nn immense fire, wInch mu) bl seen thiough the sinos lcndcring objets nt a distance of tiftv j nrds plninlj visible AVe should suppose thnt th' rcintiiint of the fnmilj will cnuso the building to he rn/etl to the ground nnd burnt, destroying all lisible tineen of a scene of such horror GovLiiuiuc AB A SANATORIUM. - As the rnilsray extends into the interior the gentry of the metropolis tire beginning to nppn cinto tile advantages afforded to invalids bj tho difference between the climate of Goulburn and of Sydney. Tho Kurr.ymg has hitheito been highly rc conunended; but though the air is pure mid tho scenery delightful, there is not thnt chantre of temperature that ÍB found in the Goulburn district. AVc aro hero upsvnrds of 2000 foot nbove the level of the son ; and most of the English fruits glow to perfection in our gardens and orchards. The scenery is very fine ; and the most celobratccl lake in tho colonj-I,tike.George-is w-ithinflvc-nud-twenty miles of the town, is'hilc there aro other attractions in the fnmoUB Shoalhaven Gullies and tho AVhomheynn Caves, in addition to delightful drives in every direction. Tho hotel ncconunodntion is excellent, and the charges extremely modérate. Under these circumstances it is not surpilaing thnt, following the- example of Sir John Young, whose imitinlity for and ftcquont visits to Goulburn «re well Know ii, "we havo within the lost'year lind many visitors horn tho metrópoli!) ; and it is n njattcr of congratu'nti in thnt in linnst c-veij' instance ti» sp'who ha ve boen in pur- suit of hrnlth baic'dciiiod considerable- br-ut-üt tvom theil sojourn amongst us.-6'»ilb'ti ti lierais. 