^ IS IT APPEASED f A heavy gloom seemed always to lie on Castle Kelly. There was a funereal air about the place, and a heaviness fell on the spirit of the beholder. Perchance its pos sition had somewhat to do with this, for the castle lay in a deep hollow of hills ; and though these were not lofty, they were high enough to give an appearance of en I bmue itself, lying in front of a small lake, had formerly been an abbey, of which the whole, excepting the cloisters, was still in good preservation. These, ''pervioas to ' the wintry showers,' were almost entirely I overgrown with thick old ivy, that nearly ' hid the ancient Gothic walls. An iEoliau harp was placed in one of the empty win dows, and when the wind howled and whistled through the dark pile, its breath would sweep through and along the chords, causing them to vibrate, shriek, and moan with wild cries, that added not a little to the weirdness of the whole. The inhabi table portion of the house was also much overgrown with ivy. It was of Elizabe than architecture, which, together with its ? darkened and battlemented walls, still fur ther lengthened its grim expression. Now, though the house was not falling | to decay, there was a neglected sir about it— an air like that of the poverty- stricken nobleman. Jet this was not the case with j the Ketiys— they were not poverty-striken j but one son of that old line had ever; squandered his patrimonial estate ; and he , it was who drew the curse upon the castle,, that was the cause of its gloom — the place was cursed. At the dissolution of the monasteries, thh priory was added by royal grant to the! estate of the Kellys, an ancient family, who boasted their desoent from the Mili-j nans, and who, from that mysterious and: &r; distant date to this, had owned the, halls and well-filled coffers of their iore-, lathers. Bat ever since the curse ww pronoaaoed opon the race, no son had succeeded Mb father in the possession oi the land ; and .though the name of Kelly had never died off from Castle Ketiy, for, years none but collateral branches had been heirs; therefore it was that every Kelly, though he kept; up the honour, and estate its Kelly of Kelly, though he nan aged his land well, and justly during his life-time, did not add those improvements to this hall of his Ancestors that is so' naj tural when a father looks forward to his child's enjoying that which he has done) Man works ' with ' less energy, pride, and will, fora.str»ag«i;.#usJU^?ayJad*ad( dor of stagnation and fear on the mansion, ' A wnie of mystery, the spirit daunted1, And *«M, «? plain M wffiipef M theiar, : 'TbeplfceMhann^af^ ?' The.darkj sulle&lflke; increased the gens? of gloom, causing a dampness about the house, situated a little below :the level of its waters, .tiuS covered its .depiyjng walls with green,' 'slimy 'water-plants, and the vapours' arising thence enveloped it every morning and night, and often all the day, in a white wrpath t-f mist It was long, ITpjng : jggo — how long even the chroniclers of the' place could not de cide—when' D«o^ felly, «f-3astle Kelly, rode fortUrom His 'ancestral halls to join in thTwat* rigiajffii^&r; 3istant country. For yean he was neither heard of nor seen ; and at last hia iou^Godlfrey, wholutd long looked witi an envious eye on the fair estate, thoBght lie nugnt 'jwitli jsafety pre sume his. jnr6.to be'tflcfid.'' opreading the the report arotindjtlniyiie had faet&rd; of his father's demise, lie took fbnnaTpossession turbed seoaniy tor many years, during which he wasted and suuandered|more than ever VdesMu^t .of that line before or While hunting one day, Godfrey be came , serjsj^lt^-^ijni^t^s followers, and WSOflnJ&ea; *'lrtw«w7.1»orsein»n.' The rider wm old and- weary, and his horse was gpS^JIii^nj^Sg'^ T M*, pJJJbjBrt of to rest jn quiet it his barqnial'hall till the e?3$.3lH!'$Mifc? *jSS(p!*g«l,^3i3l ab^recog ^ hlmV^e w)b a mere lad when his father quitted the castle. Nor did the fft^JknaHrjifeiarj, Jielhad ^grown and altered bejontLMs ken. ';'ffl-P,*r*...*hojB, jjtBugeri' demanded Godfrey, v Art thbn not aware that ibis u privategrouadf? / ; ?W.Wg*»fjt. looked up in amawimenfc f?.^*bfr ? tta^agh, 'Ah I havje ^-^Va^JljpfcrftbioJd .they know me? Doobdess you are some gay retainer P'ttoyaj^^oi^'i'. I ^Digbert, come home, aftarjlopig bcJdbJ^' wars, and wwwles, to .live at thYcaatle once more,' When Godfrey' heard these words a shiver ran through hia i frame : he stood wnor^triken and aghast Evil thoughts crowded into his brain. Was he now to feagn that which ae had bo long held to « *'?!. W« ie toowo to %a fcthw the rotton state of his affiiirs — acknowledge bis I mismanagement of the estate — shik iuto | obscurity once more ] Kever. ' There was no one near ; none could know ; be would put this oid mail out of the world, whom the world had so long believed to be dead. It would not be a great crime. Life at his age could only be a burden ; he would relieve him of it ; and thinking thus wildly, he drew his sword, and springing on the old man, thrust it through his breast. Digbert reeled, fell off his horse, and lay moaning upon the ground. The blow had not caused instant death, as Godfrey had hoped. Raising himself as well as he could, the veteran surveyed his mur derer, and with a parent's instinct recog nised in him his son. An agouising wail rang from his heart, then a stern look overspread Mb face, and fixing his eye full on Godfrey, he spoke with the last remain ing strength he possessed. ' Godfrey — unnatural son ! is it for this that 1 have fought for fifteen years ? for this that the enemy's sword has spared me, that at last I may be killed by my own son, and on my own land '1 Cursed be thou, Godfrey ! cursed, cursed — thou and thy offspring, thou and all who bear our ancient name ; and from this day may the curse of parricide rest on Castle Kelly, and on all who own its walls. Pronouncing this malediction, the old man died, and a tradition relates that when he departed, a fearful clap of thunder was heard, and there was darkness for some time round about. As for Godfrey, he derived little plea sure from his ill-gotten inheritance. He saw his three sons, one after another, wither away before htm in the pride of their manhood, and he himself died raving mad, after having confessed the fearful crime that stained his hands. His nephew succeeded to the estate, and from that day to this, no heir had lived longer than his fourteenth year at Castle Kelly. Thus runs the family legend. The peo ple around whisper that this story is an invention of later date ; that the curse came in at the Reformation, when the Kellys forsook the faith of their fore fathers, and acknowledged the new religion. However that may be, so much remains true, that none could tell when last a Kelly of Kelly had been succeeded by his natural heir. At the time of which I write there was once more a Digbert of Kelly residing at the castle (the Kellys were a Conservative family, and loved to perpetuate ancestral names), and he had a son called Oodfrey, who, notwithstanding this propensity, web the first of .that denomination since 'the bad lord,' as the parricade was always called. Little Godfrey Kelly of Kelly was a lonely child. His mother died in giving him birth ; and his father, overwhelmed with grief at the loss of his beloved young wife, tor some years after her death wholly abandoned himself to despair ; and even when he recovered from it, though he lored his little boy tenderly,- -who, in re turn, showed the greatest affection for his father,-rrstill he could not be a constant companion to the child. At the time,, too, when this story opens,, little Godfrey .was doubly lonely. From the day of his birth be was con signed to the charge of an old Irish-woman, who, after the.mannar of her jiation, lpved her.foster-son with a wild and exaggerated idolatry. He was left to her sole, care, during all the years Digbert Kelly travelled abroad, endeavouring to deaden Jus grief ; and, as. was but natural, all his early affection became centered around her. Living thus ialonein the. wierd grimness of Castle Kelly, seeing no denizens of the outer world, communicating with no chil dren of his owq age, what wonder that little Godfrey grew up a qniet, thoughtful, melancholy child. Exploring the various ancient and stately chambers, his only companions the family portraits that looked down from the walte upon their haudsome little descendant, it is, not marvellous that his curiosity should have been early awakened as to the history of those who had lived, before him in this abode. From the time he could prattle he had questioned old Meg about, these people, and the crony proved a veritable chronicle of all the de ceased K^ly9:of;Kelty/~ Nurtared and reared by this wild Hiber nian, Godfrey, had all the fanciful super stitions of that imaginative people. It is, therefore, not to be marvelled at, that when Digbert of Kelly returned home from his wanderings,', and found his son so learned in fthisngedle8ajpre— remembering, too, the curse that.lay upon the house, and desirous that his boy should never hear of it till he had arrived at years of discretion ^-he considered it advisable to withdraw Godfrey from Meg's sole care. He broke Ihfi news r,gently.tor the old^ woman, who had beanjap good - pecond mother to his son. He represented to her that the boy was getting too old to be under. feminine care any longer.; that he had already chosen for him s tutor, who would shortly arrive from Dublin ; and that he deemed it more advisable that the child should from that time forth be only, under his superintend ence. Of course old Meg stormed and cried, wailed and moaned, at the thought of separation from her darliug; Btill she knew, from present as well as past experi ence, that her master was relentless. And when he had told her that he had appro priated a.' cabin on the estate for her sole use, which, together with a pension, was to . be hers for life, and when he promised that the boy might often visit her, she at last became composed. Still it was a hard parting for the two,, and they missed each other sorely. Godfrey, it is true, soon grew to like his tutor, but the child was too young not to miss the feminine coaxing and love he had hitherto; received. . He still wanted to hear the 'pretty. stories' about his grand-parents, his aunts, uncjes, and cousins ; and Mr. Greenland knew none of these. So it became an uncommon thing for little Godfrey to ask and obtain p ermission, after lessons were done, to run down t)ie park and visit his nurse, who. daily strained her eyes along the path she knew he must, come, in the hopes of seeing her pet . There, by her fireside, regaling him mean while with sweets or cakes, she Would con tinne entertaining him with these mnch loved stories ; And at such tim«e she felt glad to think tliat slie no lmigtr rc.-ideJ at tile castle, uow ' the mastliur ' had crime home for good, against whom sl.e bore a deadly grudge, which arose thus ; — It was shortly after his wife's death, when Sir Digbert, at that time broken j down witb grief, and sparse of words to those around him, severely admonished her nephew, and the darling of her heart, for bis habitual drunkenness. Jacob — so lie was called — was groom at the castle, a kd of seventeen, able and clever, and, but for this fault, would have been a useful ser vant. Sir Digbert, recognising this, spoke sharply to him on the subject of his vice, threatening that should be ever find him in that condition again, he would dismiss him from his service, and refuse to give him a character. Some evenings after, Sir Digbert, re turning late at night from the village, fancied he saw flames issue from the back of the house. Hastening thither, he found Jacob lying on the floor, dead drunk, the whole interior of the stable smouldering, and a lighted pipe lying beside him, the evident cause of the disaster. Enraged beyond endurance, Sir Digbert took a horse-whip and dealt the man some smart blows; then, raising an alarm, he sum moned the other servants, and the flames were fortuuately extinguished. But he dismissed Jacob then and there ; and the discovery that a valuable horse had been mortally injured through the groom's neglect did not tend to soften bis anger. Meg, though she was heartbroken, saw the justice of the whole proceeding, with the exception of the horse- wipping ; tbat she could, not forgive. But when Jacob wandered about, no person taking him into service on account of his character as a drunkard, her ire was roused. She grew to consider her master as . the. offending party, and Jacob a martyr : and when At last her entreaties, coupled with those of the parish priest, failed, to soften . Sir Dig bert, her whole anger was awakeued, and from that day she abhorred him. The death of ' Jacob, who in desperation ended bis life by suicide, did not tend to ameliorate this feeling, and Meg hated the father with the same possionute vehemence with which she loved the son, considering from that day forth that her Jacob's blood was upon his . head ; and she made a secret vow that she would be revenged. It was a bright Bunimer day, aud God frey, weary of playing, had run down to visit Meg. He arrived there hot and tired j not that the distance was great, but it was sultry, and he had hastened down in the full noonday .heat. 'Give me some water,' was his first demand ; ' I am so thjrsty, nurse 1' ' Is it wather you'd he drinking, me darlint? Wait and I'll give you some'of the wine his riverence brought me fur the colic. Shure that and some wather and sugar will be mighty good for you,' and she proceeded to busy, .herself about pro curing the same. Godfrey, who was rested .after a very few -minutes, sprang up to her assistance, and went to the cupboard, which he knew contained all the woman's stores, to get out the sugar, a delicacy she kept for his use only. He brought out the well-known brown paper packet, and placed it before her. Meg, talking to the child meanwhile, poured some of its contents into the glass, but just as he was beginning to.drink, an idea seemed to strike her ; she examined the paper more closely, and then with a. cry of horror took the beverage from God frey's band, 'Ob, then, may- the saints protect and. shield ye, tnachreel' she exclaimed, in a tone of alarm. ' Give me back that glass ; shure that's uot sugar at alL' 'Why, .nurse,' said little Godfrey, looking up at her in bewilderment, 'you told me so when I asked you the other day what was in that paper. 'Troth an* its poison,' said Meg, gravely. Then, recovering herself,- she .added, lightly, ' Children, shouldn't be after.ax.uig so' mapy,quesjjpns ;' and, going to the .cupboard, she put by -the .packet The first part of- far sentence had made de^li.'ovgr^it , ipr/,8ftmi MuJfe . w4 ,th-n asked/ suddenly, 'Whajujdo.. you keep poison for, Meg?' ?''Deed ifj to kill the rats,' she ans^ejed, quickly. 'Will ye, be .asking ine any;:rnqre questions iheday ? Take.ia^gpod I djirink, boy, and -be aisy.' 'I did not know rats lived here,' continued the, boy, regardless. of her in junction.' '(No more they do, acushla,' replied Meg ; ' but maybe they would come, so I keepit.anyhow'1 ' Tbe.siiildwASfluieted; butt his aifence, which continued for some time, was so un like his usual self, that -Meg, -not underr standing bis humour, and fearful as. to what he,m]ght report, up. at the; castle, pro posed telling him a .tale .to, divert the current of bis thoughts, — a proposal which generally came^from Godfrey, , himself.' . '»'j 'hjijH^jhjsatiJ ,the,'ni. al|, .nijrsey,,' he. Mid;,; 'I oon't. Kftntitoj hear, them, again to-day.'' The woman was surprised, : and shook hgr head with t amazement. But , ffhije^she was.wondering what, coulrj have come over the child, hesaidj ' Yes, you shall tell mp a story, Meg, bat a new one ; you never ,tel} me one now, You told it me a long, time ago, only J've.,forgo)*en it, and w^nt .to hear it agaiu. It was about a naughty man called. Godfrey, and a papa Digbert, an4 'the P%|» , W* .'faeadf^lly apgV wi* .to.eoH,-4u*-~Icw';i!emembermorei Tell me that-; ' please.teli it* nuraey.' \- Now this was tjie story of the curse,; and Sir DJgbert, wlwonce caught Meg in vtb.fi iwt of telling it to $% boy, .strictly f»r badeJier, under pain of severe penalties, to mention it again to .his son. The child 'h'ai|' never before asked for it, and she, .'j;)boBgbi!itl«a4,4uite espaped his memory. How- -doubly unfortunate that, he should' remember it to-day, when, above all, she desired to refuse him nothing! Well, what was to be done 1 Her cabin, her pension, all the comforts of her old age, were at stake,: she could not tell it *' No, darlint, not that story,' said she. 'Shure I don't remember it tneself ; be sides, the masther doesn't like ye to be hearing of it' ' Why not V asked Godfrey, his curi osity roused once .more. ' Och, it isu't.that I mane at all,' said Meg, perceiving «he had made -a mistake ' Come, Godfrey, and I'll tell ye all about yer wicked great-grand-aunt ? ' ' No. 1 don't want to hear about her ; I want to hear about this Godfrey,' cried the child, liis temper rising at being thus unexpectedly thwarted in a quarter whence chock had uever come before. Vv*Ii;it was the nurse to do 1 'Ah, thin, honey,' she said, 'don't ye be so cross ! I'll tell ye — only yc won't be tolling your papa, or :iny one that I told yer, or it's himself that'll be angry with me.' The boy readily promised, and Meg began relating the dire curse tbat bung over his ancestral home and name ; to which the child listened with rapt and breathless attention ; ending her narration with the assurance, ' But sorra. a curse shall hould good for you, boy ; but you shall be heir at Castle Kelly, as shure and sartain as my name is Meg. Shure, don't I know it ?' ' How do you know it ?' was the boy's eager demand. ' Ah, thin, it's himself, the darlint, that is curious,' said Meg. ' Don't I know what I know, Mastber Godfrey ? and what I have sworn, faix, I'll do it ! But there's wan thing I'll tell ye — when ye were a babby, and were hushed in these same arms, alauab, I was carrying ye wan day down to the park, and who did we meet but a vise woman ! Shure she has dalings with tl.e fairies. I showed you to her, an'. I didn't say a blessed word as to whose son ye waf, or who ye were ; and she give a look »t yer hands, darlint ; and, said she, 'that same will reign at Castle Kelly.' And slure, I've never forgotten her words ; and don't I know, besides ? ' 'What do you know?' was suddenly asked by a stern voice, which caused Meg to start violently, and made Godfrey look up mil awe at the father whom he had always seen so loving and tender, ' whatis it you know, I ask V said Sir Digbert, repeating his question. ' Meg, with what nonsense have you been stuffing my child to-day? Not with forbidden fruit, I hope 1 I overieard somewhat of 'a wise woman,' and ar ? heir of Castle Kelly.' ' ' Ob, troth, yer honer has been listening at the kay-hole, has he,' said the woman, trying to cover her confusion by imperti nence. ' Och, mnrtber, to be shure, when the quality takes to that sort of thing, why wouldn't the likes of us V Here Sir Digbert interrupted her, and so sternly, that eveu her Hibernian lo quacity was silenced. ' I see it will not do, Meg,' said he. ' I had hoped love for the boy, and self interest, would have made you more prudent I don't know what you have been telling him to-day, but certainly some of those things I do not wish Godfrey to hear. I must keep the boy away from you for a while ; perhaps, in the meantime, you may grow more reasonable. Come, God frey,' he said, more kindly, extending his hand to the boy, ' come home with papa.' Now the prospect of a walk with his father was one of the things the child most enjoyed, and he, therefore, prepared to leave the cabin with less reluctance than usual. The purport of the conversation that had passed between his father and nurse, be had hardly comprehended, nor the fact that he was not toTsee her again. He only knew that his papa was very cross with dear old Meggie, ant! he was very sorry for her, because she aust have been very naughty for papa to b» so cross. Thus reasoned the child. | Meanwhile the woman burst forth into one of those long-sustained trails and moans that Hibernians alone know how to utter ; at one moment sobbing out her grief at the thought of separation froiji the child ; at another, entreating Sir Digbert's forgive ness, and growing very penitent : and then, between all, heaping impiecationB on her master's head for taking | her love, her blessing, her heart's delight, from her. Little Godfrey looked on the scene, utterly bewildered; whenever he endea voured to calm and comfort Meg, she only broke into fresh moods, though he tried to console her with kind woids and caresses. At last he ceased, completely perplexed. His father, however, soon ^nded the whole rnatfer, by taking the boy! from the cabin, and he talked bo much to aim on the way home, drew his attention to so many ob jects about, tried so hardito divert his mind frqm the past scene, that his attempts were soon successful. f But that evening, after his maid had put him to bed, and left him, Godfrey could not sleep— a rare thing for him. The events of the day would course through his little brain. Meg's carious story -; the poison he had nearly taken ; his father's anger; and then that nice walk with, dear papa, who. was, cot a bit cross after he left the cabin ; all these things revolved in the child's mind, and kept sleep, for some time from his eyelids. Meantime old Meg stormed and raged. Her Irish blood. .was. thoroughly roused, her illogical Irish . mind saw in this last act of Sir. Digbert's the cruellest wrong of all, and her latent determination to have revenge on him awoke with redoubled vigour. - ' What's that he said V she stormed. I was to grow raisonabile, was I ! Och, thin, I will ! I won't wait for the gipsy's words to come true, but it's them I'll be, yer honer. Masther Godfrey shall be your heir ; so have, a care to yourself, Sir Dig bert ; 'deed, and. a woman'-s anger, is as strong as a woman's love, and Til defy ye, to take me boy, me blessed d&rlint;, from m.ft' Thus mattering, the old woman at length laid' herself down to rest, her last thoughts before sleeping being, those of anger .towards her master .and, benefactor. Several, days passed after the above events, Sir Digbert kept. his boy more about, him than formerly,, and the chjld was bo happy .in bis beloved frther's com pany that he did not miss Meg nearly as much as before. Sir Digbert told him tales also— atprieSi°f heroes. aad .good men, and little boys who had been&mous; ; and they were -all new, not familiar like Meg's ; so the child, was. thoroughly happy, and his father noticed with satisfaction that he had. not asked - to visit, his nurse for more than a week. One evening Godfrey had been taken to bed earlier than usual He was. thoroughly tired, for, he had been riding with his father for several hours that day, and had nearly fallen asleeep while taking his tea. His maid, who slept in the room adjoining bis, always left him to go to sleep alone, for above all things Sir Digbert wished the j boy to be courageous, and to have no | nervous fears of darkness and JoneliuefS. j Nor had Godfrey any of these. In that \ gloomy house, where even the least fear ful felt a strauge awe after dusk, ay, even in broad daylight, the boy would wander fearlessly, his mind far too familiar with the things around him to do otherwise than love them. Now Meg knew, as was but natural, every passage in that house ; and, besides that, she knew of several means of entrance to it unknown to others — entrances half subterrauean, old postern doors, sliding panels, and what other secret sources of hiding and silence such ancient castles possess. This particular evening she had determined to make use of one of these to effect an entry into the room of her boy, whom her heart yearned to see. She knew his time for retiring, knew the habits of the house, aud was fully aware that at this hour he would be alone and asleep. She did not want to rouse or disturb him ; he should never know she was there, but she must see him once more before she did the deed. The -saints above only knew if she should ever see him again. No ; cost what it might, once more her old eyes must rest on her darling. Thus resolved, old Meg set out, under cover of the darkness, and soon found the door she was in search of. The lock yielded easily to her accustomed hand ; a few moment later, she stood in the corridor leading to Godfrey's room. She held her breath to listen. No sound was heard. AH was safe ; then she could venture in. Softly she opened tbe door, and peeped around. It was all right — no one was there. She approached the cot. There lay the child, his pretty head buried in the pillow, his golden curls ruffled, a delicate rose flush on his cheeks, his breathing soft and regu lar. He was fast asleep. Meg bent over him, and looked at him long and tenderly; then her love over coming her prudence, she bent down, and pressed a kiss upon his cheek. 'The purty boy,' she murmured, ' God bless him I' And then another and yet another kiss rained down upon the little one's face, till, fearful to wake him, she tore herself away with an effort. Meanwhile, the moon had risen, and its light was falling full into tbe room, and by its aid Meg was enabled quickly and noise lessly to find the door ; but not quickly enough for Godfrey, whom her passionate kisses had awakened, and who at that moment- sleepily opened his eyes. He had been dreaming of Meg, he thought, and that she was kissing him ; but oh. ! who was that stepping out of the room there, all. in the moonlight? It looked like Meg! He would see, and only half-awake, the boy jumped out of bed, and ran after the retreating footsteps. If it were. Meg, how had ehe come here ? — and why did she not speak to him) There was an air of mystery in this that charmed the boy's imaginative brain, and he determined to follow her. Keeping well in the shade, he crept along, unobserved, always remaining behind for some when ever the figure before him came near one of tbe large oriel windows that lighted the pas sage. At one of these the woman paused, and turned to listen. Had lie made any sound ? Did she perceive him t No, he was safe j she only stopped from precaution. On, on went the figure as to whose iden tity Godfrey was dubious ; on, on went the boy after her, till at length the end of the corridor was reached, and they stood before the door of his father's bedroom. Godfrey wondered what the woman would do now. There was no egress from the passage ex cept through this room : would she enter that? Tea, her hand was already upon the handle ; cautiously, softly she opened the door, leaving it, fortuuately for the boy, ajar behind her, and in a moment he had. slipped in. Here he feared detection. The room was as light as day, the moon was shining full into it ; but still she did not perceive him ; she was surveying the empty room. If she would only keep her head away thus for a moment Ah 1 now he was safe be hind the bed-curtains — now he could see, and not be Been — Bee alL What was there to be seen? He was bewildered, though his eyes were open, he was still half dead with sleep, and uot clearly conscious whether he was waking or dreaming. Was it Meg ? But then, what did she do here ? She had never been to the castle since Mr. Green laud came ; 'papa did not like it Besides, what could she want ? Or perhaps it was the Banshee, come to warn his father? But then he remembered that only the person who is to die sees the, Banshee. Well, she might have come for him, as he must die, being the heir, and the Banshee had. taken a face like Meg's. Then, again, Nursey had said he was tote heir. The child ; was thoroughly perplexed, yet resolved not to budge from bis biding place so long as the figure stood there, be it Meg,, ghost, or Banshee. Meanwhile the woman, having ended her careful survey of the room, moved nearer the bed. Godfrey, fearing lest he had been spied, drew the curtains closer round him. However, it was not towards him she came, but towards the table standing by his father's bed. Now, this was one of Sir Digbert's peculiarities, well known to all who knew him, and Meg was of course fully acquainted with it He liked a small table to stand by his bed, on which he kept a lamp, books, and writing .materials, and where he. had a glass- of lemonade placed every night He always read in bed, fre quently wrote his letters in there, aud alway drank this beverage before settling himself to sleep. Meg went up to the table, and took up the glass which had already been placed there. It was half-past nine. Sir Digbert usually retired at tea, and could not bear that his roam should not be ready some time before. Seeing, it was already filled, the woman replaced it Then she drew from her pocket a small packet of brown paper, such as Godfrey knew well, and be gan to unfold it The child saw that it contained a white powder. 'It is the sugar paper,' he thought Then suddenly the remembrance of the poison packet came over him. Gould it be tbat ! They looked so much alike, he did not know the differ ence, only Meg oould, by something printed on it. Again, why should Meg be pouring this white powder, be it what it might, into his father's lemonade ? Godfrey was growing frightened, it was all so strange. If it was Meg, as he now felt nearly certain it was, ehe looked differ ent from what she usually was, so glad and wild _; somehow he shrunk from her. And now she was leaving. Should he follow her, or stay here ? If he followed her, he would have to cross the moonlight, and she would see him, for she was now looking about everywhere, and he would get scolded for prying. Then too he was fearful, for tbe first time in his life. Who was this ? At one moment, when she stood near, he had made sure it was Meg ; now he was undecided again. While he was wondering thus, the woman passed from his view, muttering to herself as she did so, ' May the heavens be yer bed to-night, Sir Digbert! May the saints protect yer slumbers, and make them that deep that ye don't hear the wailing of tbe Banshee ? trust me, but me boy shall be heir of Castle Kelly, and the curse shall be broken. Shure, if it's broke once, isn't it for ever?' Godfrey, really nervous now, continued crouched behind the curtains, determining to wait till his father came, and tell him all about what he had seen and heard. For some time his terror sneceeded in keeping him awake, but nature gained the mastery, and notwithstanding bis fright and alarm, the child was soon fast asleep, and when Sir Digbert entered, was far away in the land of dreams, seeing Meg and the Banshee, and drinking lemonade, and ? Here something roused him. What was it ? Where was he? Why, he must have been sleeping ; his father was in bed, had just struck a match, and' was -sealing a let ter. Now was bis time to reveal alL Still he felt frightened, lest his father should be angry; and being more than naif asleep, he continued dreamily watching Sir Dig bert, whom he could see plainly and unob servedly from his position, too tired to make an effort. Sir Digbert sealed his letter, hastily wrote another, and then closing his writing case, returned it to its place on the table, and took up his lemonade, drinking which was the last thing he did' before settling to Bleep. Just as he was about to apply the glass to his lips, it was wrenched violently from his grasp, and Godfrey, pale and trembling, looking like a ghost in his white night garments, stood before him. 'Boy,' exclaimed Sir Digbert, 'what is this? What do you want t' « Don't drink that* Papa 1— don't,' cried the child, holding the glass still further, from his astonished father. 'I dotft know if it's sugar or poison, but Meg, or, the Banshee, or the ghost, put something in it, and I went to -sleep, papa.' 'You've been dreaming, little man,' said Digbert kindly, assuming an indif ference he did not feel, for he feared the child must be ill, he spoke and looked so wildly excited. ' Let me drink my lemon ade, little one, and go quietly back to your bed ; come, I'll take you.' 'No, no, papa!' screamed the boy; ' no, no, you must not drink it No, she spoke so horribly. Papa,' he said more gravely, Met ine take it,' and before Sir Digbert could interfere, the child had put the glass to his lips, and drunk some drops, but not many, for in an instant the glass was violently dashed out of his hands, bo forcibly that it lay shivered in pieces on the floor, and he himself was folded in the embraces of his foster-mother, who was .weeping and raving over him. ' Och, me darlint,' ahb cried j ' Oh me boy 1 me blessing ! wurra machree. Och hone, what'Jl I do now ! How could ye be afther drinking that I Och, I've killed ye ; oh, Holy Mother, I've killed ye, me life.' Sir Digbert angrily interfered at this point, and separated the two. ' Leave this house instantly, Meg,' he said, sternly. ' I Bee what it is ; you have tried to poison me, and watched to see the deed consummated. Go, I say.' The woman obeyed, quelled for once, and left the room with hurried tread, while Sir Digbert anxiously busied himself to use all due precautions and remedies to counteract the effects of the poison. Fortunately, the child had drank very little ; but notwith standing, the draught, together with the night's wild excitement, threw him into a raging fever, and bis life was long des paired ot At length, however, he reco vered, to the joy of bis father, whose pride and delight he grew to be, and who would not Buffer him to be out of his sight Nothing more was ever seen ot heard of old Meg. When her cabin was entered the ? day after the catastrophe, no, trace either of herself or belongings was visible, Some years later, Godfrey fivneied he re cognised her, among a band of gipsies, when an old woman invoked a special blessing on him as Tie passed '; buthe may have been mistaken. ' However that might be, Sir Digbert lived to a good old age, and Godfrey be came master of Castle Kelly, &e; first Kelly of Kelly who. had succeeded in a direct line ^Biuce the. dayB. of the wicked Godfrey, and 'bis childrep'e children reign, there now. Can it have been that the halfuncon scious, yet willing self-sacrifice, of a child for its father's sake, removed the fearful curse from Castle Kelly ? Was thn aveng ing spirit appeased at last? Who can tell? H.Z. Japanese Paper.— The Japanese am emphatically a race of paper-makers and paper-users. It enters into' all their trade calculations, and is exhaustive of more of their ingenious arts than any other article. When a collection of the different kinds of paper was made to be sent to the exhibi tion of 1862, no less than sixty-seven varieties were forwarded It is made to subserve the purposes of the useful as well as the ornamental. Everywhere may be seen paper fens, paper pouches, piper lan terns, paper pocket- handkerchiefs, um brellas, cloaks, and windows. The paper strings used by shopkeepers, so lately in troduced here, have been used by the Chinese for centuries. A short time ago an American inventor applied for a patent on a paper hat, and a revolution in tilet was promised. But the invention was little more than a theft from Japan, for the Japanese wore hats of paper long before Columbus saw the West Indies. 