TEE NEWS OF THE DAY. t The Suez mail is due to-day at Adelaide ; the Panama mail is due on Thursday at Sydney. The expectation of further disastrous news from South America, about the oarthquake, will cause tho arrival of the Panama mail to be looked for with unusual interest. The Minister of Publio Works and Railways and the Minister of JubWcb have returned from their tour in the Western district, and were at their respective offioes for a short time yester day. A depntation of delegates from tho various friendly sooietios will wait upon Mr Grant at noon to-day, with a view to seoure the Norlh Botanical Beaerve to the friendly sooieties for purposes of recreation. It hns been arranged that a deputation from the residents of Prahran, advarsetothe grant by the borough council of the Eooreation Reserve to the Alfred Hospital Comtnittao, shall have on intorview with the Commis sioner of Lands on Wednesday next, at noon. The Nisi Prius sittings ot the Supreme Court commence on Thursday next. We publish the list in another column. The sale of the tolls and booths on the Fleniington racecourse, in connection with the Victoria Racing Club meeting, has been post poned until Thursday next. The members of the medical profession op posed to the appointment of a Government Pathologist and medical jurist forwarded an application to the Minister of Justice yester day, for an interview, in order to submit the resolutions adopted at a meeting of the profes sion held recently at the Port Phillip Club Hotel. A reply has not yet been received. . Again does the weekly railway revenue show very advantageously as compared with the corresponding week of last year. The increase for the week ia £3925. The increase for the year, np to 22nd inat., ia £84,092 over the like poriod of 1867. The license of the Colosseum having expired on ths 25th inst., the proprietor of that_ place of entertainment, accompanied by his solicitor, Mr Gillott, had an interview with the Attorney General yesterday, and solioited a renewal. The application was refused, and for the reason that the character ol the house had boen brought onder the notice of the Attorney (JenereJ by a number ot the residents ia Bourke-street occupying places of business in tho immediate vicinity. A motnorial, benring the signatures of thirty-live of tho principal shopkeepers in tho neighborhood, was road, of which the following is a copy : — ' Melbourne, 25th October, 1868.— Sir,— Wo, tho undersigned, noticing with pleasure tho efforts you are putting forth to reform the cha racter of tbo publio nmnscments in this city, respectfully bog to call your attention to tbe disgrace we have iu the coutreof Bourke-etreet in the sbape of two houses known as the Can torbury Dancing and Concert Hall, nnd tho Royal Colosseuin, they being the haunts of prostitutes of the lowest description and their usual male nssociates. So great is tho nui sance that respectable persons cannot walk on that side of tho streot where those booses are situated, for fear of being insulted, as the ear is continually offended by tho lewd conversa tion and vilo oaths mado uso of in and about tlieso places, as they catet fsr the amuso inent of such characters solely, to the great injury of our business. It would be almost unnecessary to furnish you with specified cases in support of the foregoing statement, since the police can do so sufficiently to fally confirm our assertions, and wo have no doubt, if appeulod to, they will do bo. The extermination o! these evils will moot with tho support «nd approbation ef us particularly, and tbo public generally ; and, whiUt recording our gratitude to you for your interost in tho public morals, wo wish you sucooss, and that all your future efforts may bo effective.' It is said that it is the intention of Mr Wright, acting upon legal advioo, to modify the enter tainment hitherto given, and confino it simply to musical performances, for which a license is unnecessary. This was done last night, and the house was tolerably well filled. The Attorney- General has issued instructions to close all casinos and music halls at midnight. A deputation from tho Boroondara Road Board, represented by Mr Murray (the Chair man) and the clerk of the road board, had an interviow with the Postmaster- General yester day. They wero introduced by the Attorney General, and asked for a delivery of lettors in Camberwell and the neighborhood. It was promised that the application should be favor ably considered. Wo are glad to learn that Mr Harris, who was thrown from his horse at Kew the other day and received serious injuries in the head, is steadily improving, and likely to recover. In consequence of the indisposition of the Chief Commissioner of Insolvent Estates, the business set down for hearing in the Insolvent Court yesterday was postponed till to-day at eleven o'clock. Some additional returns of tho result of the polling for the Eastern Province are given, in our telegraphic columns. Though favorable te Mr Welshman, they do not reduce the total suffi ciently to lead to an opinion that Mr Williams will be defeated. The numbers at present are, for Mr Williams, 217 ; for Mr Welshman, 171 ; majority for Mr Williams, 46. The Engineer-in-Chief of tho Railway de partment returned to town on Saturday, from Sandhurst, where ho has been engaged for tbe past fortnight on an examination of the Coli ban Waterworks. Ho has been assistod in this work by Messrs Wataon and Green, who camo to town with him. They proceed together to Malmsbury to-day to finish their survey. A meeting of tbe contributors to the Alfred Hospital will be held this afternoon, at the offices, 88 Collins-Btreet west, when the report of the executive committee will bo sub mitted, and other business transacted. Operations have been commenced for the erection of a new National Bank, on the site at present covered with the debris of the pre mises formerly used by Messrs M'Culloch and Co., tho carriers, Collins-street oast. The now building will be a great improvement to the locality. A meeting of the members of the Mercan tile Rowing Club wa3 held at the Freemasons' Hotel, Swanston- siruot, last night, when the rules of the society were submitted and ap proved of. ' The entrance fee was fixed at 5s, and the annual subscription at £2 10s. The entries for tho Athletio Sports meeting, to be held on the M.C.C. ground on the 14th November, havn attracted by far the greatest number of podestrians hitherto engaged in these events. For the Grand Handicap M.C.C. Cup all have accepted oxcepting Coestick and Cum mins. The other eveufs embrace the following number of entries : — Maiden Plate, 21 entries ; 150 Yards Handioap, 30 entries ; Hurdle Race, 1JL entries ; 440 Yards Handicap Flat Race, 28 entries ; High Jump, 4 entries ; Steepleohase, 10 entries ; Milo Race, 19 entries ; Walking Match, 13 entries. Id all, 178 competitors for tho eleven events. Thero being only threo entries for tko Youths' Race, it was struck out. An extraordinary general meeting of tho shareholders of the Australasian Woollen Mill Company, limited, was held at tho Criterion Hotel, Collins street, on Monday afternoon ; Dr. L.L. Smith in tho ohair. Tbe following business was transacted : — 1. It was resolved to receive tho resignation of the directors, and to eloct a new directory, each di rector to bo nominated and elected separately. 2. To raise the capital from £12,000 to £15,000 (as carried at a former meeting). 3\. To open the share list to the public at once, tho conditions of payments and calls to be aa follow : — Deposit on application, 2s 6d per share ; deposit on allotment, 23 Gd per share ; calls not to exceed 7s 6d por share per quarter. In allotment of shares, the old shareholders to have the preference. 4. That the directors bo empowered to borrow money for a term of years upon the company's freehold. 5. That the directors bo empowered to issue preferential shares, with a guaranteed interest of 8 per cent., out of profits, until redoemed by tho company. 6. That upon any occasion when business of groat importance to tbe company transpires, a printed copy of suoh business be forwarded to overy shareholder. 7. That the articles of association be revised and printed for the use of the shareholders. 8. That the preliminary expenses be not written off in a lump sum, but in seven amounts, spread over seven ~ear£, from the date of commencing to manufacture cloth. The Victoria Subscription Room was open last evening, and will be availablo every night until the Melbourno Spring Meeting is paBt. The transactions, however, wero of no moment, the discussion of probabilities taking the place of actual business. Sydney Tim Whifllor is now the favorite at 5 to 1 offered, with takerB at 6 to 1 ; 8 to 1 Little Fish offered and declined ; 10 to 1 Ragpicker ; and one gentleman ventured to offer 100 to 10 against The Barb, which was not snapped up. Gloncoe iB at 10 to 1, Gulnaro and Fly at 100 to 6 eaoh, the others ranging from 100 to 5 to 100 to 1. Hurdlo Race : 4 to 1 Potatoes, 5 to 1 Bronzework, and from 5 to 12 to 1 against the others. Steeplechase : 4 to i mgieaide, t- to 1 Ballarat, 6 to 1 Viking, tho ethers command ing longer figures ; 100 to 4 oa the field y. Hurdlo Race 'and Steeplechase coupled. At tho meeting of the City Council yester day, Cr. M'Pherson's motion for the erection of publio baths at the west end of the city, at an estimated cost of £2600, was negatived by a majority of one. The council also refused to grant Aid. Wraggo a special call for the con sideration of the desirability of creating two new wards by tho subdivision of Smith and Latrobo words. It was agreed to offer a sum of £100 to Mr Ge&rge; Robinson, lessee of the Eastern Market, as satisfaction in full of his claim fer compensation for loss by the sale of tha market daring his lesseeship. It was decided to instruct the City Solicitor to take the necessary steps for scouring f ulfil- mont of tbe conditions of contract for leases of building sites in the Western Market to the hon. Henry Miller. The Mayor, the Mayor elect, Aid. Wragge, and Cr. Read were ap pointed a deputation to confer with the Go vernment in respect to the sale of Wellington parade and the permanent reservation of the publio reserves of the city. Mr Peter E. Henderson, who waa recently bsund over to keep tho peace towards tho Count de Castolnsu, French Consul at Melbourne, on account of some threat6iiiag letters which he sent to the latter, re-appeared at the City Police Court yesterday merning to answer a charge of using language towards tho count calculated to cause a breach of the peace. The complain ant stated tbat he was walking down Collins street on Friday afternoon last, when the defendant came np behind him and ac companied him for gome distance, making use ? 0! violent and threatening language, and almost crying with passion. He called the count ' a rogue, a vagabond and a rasoal,' and said, ' I will kill you ; I will knock yonr brains out before I leave the colony. I will kill ysn and your ? secretary.' He said he 'had been waiting for the count in the street.' The count, on coming to a photo jjrapher'f , turned in in order to try and shake off Mr Henderson, and on a gontlemin coming out tho count called him to witness th&t; Hen derson was annoying nnd threatening htm. Henderson promptly turned quito ooolly, and disavowed all knowledge of tho connt. The astonishment of the third person mny bo imagined. Probobly ho thonght, the count a fugitivo from Ynrra Bend. The count then left the photographer's and pro ceeded along tho streot again, still attended by Henderson, who continued the same kind of language, raising it when ladies passed and lowering it when persons of the other sex went by. Tke count turned intc Eliziboth-stroet and went into Mr Gaskell'a shop, and thus ter minated his uuploasant adventure with Mr Henderson. Tho defendant denied to the bench that he used tho languago imputed to him, and stated that it was tho complainant who made the first ad vances. Ho admitted that he threatened to write to the French authorities about tho con duct of their consul, and demanded an apology for his (tho connt'e) secretary's iusulting him (Henderson) in the presonco of his wife and family. Mr Whiteman, M.L.A., waa called for tho defence, and stated that he had known Mr Hendorson fer some years, and beliovod it very unlikely he would offer violence to any ono. Tho bench inflicted a fine of 10s, and warned tho defendant that if he was not more careful his sureties would bo estroated. Tho Victorian Horticultural Improvement Society held its customary monthly meeting on Monday evening, at the Mechanics' Institute ; Mr Starrock in the chair. The minuves of tho last meeting wero not passed without some dis cussion ; and finally Mr Duncan gavo notice of motion that at tho next monthly meeting the minutes of the sub-committee in roference to tho now rules bo reconsidered. A few nomi nations having been made of persons dtBirons of joining tho society, judges were appointed to adjudicate on the merits of tho exhibits. The tablo prcsentod a showy appearance. Mr Forguson, gardener to Mr Hugh Glass, of Flemington, exhibited cut specimens of Bou gainvilloaspectabilis, azaleas coronataand pur purea and rhododendron Ponticnm. From Mr J. C. Colo came a bandlo of very fine aspara gus, and two baskets of strawberries contain ing tho following varieties, viz., Trollope's Victoria, Black Prince, La Reina, Myatt's pino, La Marguerite, IXL, Dao de Malakoff, Frog moro late pine, Keen's seedling. A cice collec tion of roses was shown by Mr George Sealy, gar denorto MrF.Search.of Flemington. Mi-J. 1-'. Roberts, gardener to Mr R. W. Virgoe, of Brighton, showed a iiue collection of well grown plants, having variegated foliage ; amongst them were Begonias Duo and Duchesso de Brabant, Dominiana, argentoa and Mar shallii, caladiuin Wrightii, aruudo donax vorie gata, and out specimens ol canathuB azareus, eurybia orgophyllus, veronioa Hulkii, autho cercis visoosus, holiotropiutn and Boulo de Noige, with a nice plant of ama ryllis Johnsonii. Messrs Taylor and Sangster showed two nicely bloomed specimens of azalea — Duchesse Adelaide de Nassau and Bouquet des Roses. Firat-clasa certificates wero awarded to Mr Forguson tax his exhibits of cut flowers ; to Mr Sealy for his roses ; to Mr Roberts for pot plants ; Messrs Taylor and Songater's azaleas, and Mr Colo's strawberries and asparagus. From Mr Ferguson also came two cones of Pinus taboronlata, interesting as being the first produced in the colony. Mr Duncan showed a out specimen of Hakea Vic toria, ono of the handsomest of the genus; Notioo was given by Messrs Roberts and Hynd man of their intontion to read papers at tho next meeting, when also a discussion will take place on Mr Ferguson's paper on the Diseases of Orango Trees. The journals published within the limits of tho Maryborough County Court distriot are unanimous in expressing satisfaction at the dis covery of how little foundation there is for the reports about the removal of Judge Maco boy. It is determined, however, to prooeed with the signing of tho memorial to the Mi nister of Justice, so that the good feeling en tertained towards his Honor .may find expres sion. Messrs Tucker and Ettto have fairly openod tbe campaign in tbo Caatloinaine district, both candidates having held well attended meet ings : Mr Tucker at Taradale, and Mr Kitto at Fryerstown. It is evident tbat tho contoet will be ono of the keenest ever fought out in Castlemnine, and that is saying a good deal. A meeting of tho executive committoe of the Free Banquot, convened for last night, at Gar ton's Hotel, was postponed until this^ovening, from unavoidable circumstances. The apparatus with which Mr Maquay pro poses to raise the City of Launceston steamer, sunk in Jthe South Channel, was convoyed in tho sohooners Charlotte and Henry from tho Saltwater river on Saturday. With favorable weather it is expeoted that in another day or two the public may be invited to witness the result of tho experiment. Operations can only be carried on during tho forenoon and in favorable weather, tbe southerly breeap which setB in during the afternoon disturbing the water too much t» permit of tho workmen seeing with sufficient clearness to justify their incurring any risk of failure for want of sufficient light. We notice that meetings continue to bo held in various localities in furtherance of tho movement for getting up a testimonial to tho hon. the Minister of Lands. A pocketbook, containing £81 in Bank of Victoria notes, together with several docu ments; was lost yesterday morning by Mr Braohe, tho mining manager, in some part of the city. A reward is offered for the pocket book and its contents. The numbers of the bank notes are known. The imputation of hard times having caused the collapse of the Alexandra, Courier is indignantly denied by tho Alex andra Times: — ' In justioe to tho people whom we represent, it ia our duty to say that the ' dulness of business' or. the ' stagnation and general tightness of the money market,' have had vory little to do with tho unfortunate position of our contemporary. Any person possessed of tho smallest modicum of common sense might easily have foretold that two papers could not exist in Alexandra in its days of greatest prosperity. It is, therefore, unfair to blame the district for the failure of a specula tion which had no more chance of a profitable return than1 would shares in a hurricano, or scrip in a sunbeam.' Om finny friends, the pilchards, have again visited our waters, though up to tho present in rather limited numbers. Yesterday oven ing they wero soiling in the city and suburbs at 'throe dozen a shilling,' and got a ready sale. This is the fourth shoal that has visited these shores Bince September, 1863, when their presenoe in tho Bay was first noticed. They are considered tho harbinger of excellent sport amongst tho frosh-water fish in our rivers. In the beginning of last week a consider able swell, giving bis name as Kirby, engaged lodgings with board at tbe house of Mr Francis O'Dea, Latrobo-street west, representing that he was a member of the reporting staff of a Malbaurne morning journal. He paid no money in advance, and his effeots were niU On Saturday night last Mr Kirby was ascer tained to have iled, and taken with him a coat and silver watch belonging to a follow lodger. It is scarcely necessary to say that his con nection with the Melbourne Piess was_ quite imaginary. Tbe detectives have received a report relative to Mr Kirby's adventures, which is likely to appear in the next issue of the Police Gazette. If tbU from the Deniliquin Chronicle be not entirely new, it has escaped our notice : — ' A large river, hitherto unknown, is reported by the natives to exist in Western Australia; three exploration parties have gone to ascertain the truth of the report.' The following instance of the voracity of the codfish is given by the Alexandra Times : — ' On Wednesday morning, our local fisherman having tethered a three-pound codfish by the frills on Tuesday night, in tho Goulburn, for the pur pose of keeping it fresh, waa surprised in pull ing the three-pound fish up to find that it had disappeared in the abdomon of one of fourteen pounds weight, both of which he secured.' A complimentary concert waa given in St. George's Hall last evening to Professor Hughes, . by a number of his pupils, amongst whomwero several whose names era already favorably known as publio performers. There was a good audience, more especially in the reserved portion of the hall. Professor Hughes officiated aa conductor, and the fint part of the concert consisted of the opera comiqae, 'Tot ou Tard,' or 'Lesson to Ladies,' m whioh Mr Lett, tenor, appeared as Count Ambroise : Mr Cohen, baritone, as Montes qaie ; Miss Anna Fordo, soprano, aa Madame Delavigne ; and Miss Kato Ryder as Madame De I'EflpinassB. There are some very pretty airs in tho opera, but owing to the excisioa ef the spoken dialogue, thero was a want of con nection in the plot which marred to some 'xtent the effect tbo production waa calcu lated to produce had it been givoa as a wholo The performers, however, succeeded in render', ing. tho music in a manner satisfactory to tho nudience, who frequently expressed their approval, morp especially of the aolO3 given by Mr Lett, Miss Fordo, add Miss Ryder. The pieces following the opera were well e^ns or performed. Master J. Kruso, a vonth of about eleven years, and his sister Mis's Kruse played tho overture to the opera— tha former on the violin, and the latter on the piano— very skilfully ; and afterwards, in selections of Irish and other melodies, they wero warmly encored Tho buffo duat, ' Cinqao Cento Ville,' sung by Mr Cohen and Mr Lett, waa particularly goo/ as was also 'Erin, My Country ,' by Miss Fordo' On tho whole, taken as an amateur concert' the entertainment was highly creditable to Pro fessor Hughes and his pupils generally, Tho towuahip of Tabilk, tho property of Mr Hugh Glass, was sold rocently by public auc tion, on the grouud. It consisted of allotment* of suitable size, the wholo area being about 55 acres, and it realised nearly £700. There was also a considerable quantity of land suitable for farms disposed ef , which averaged from £3 to £6 10a per acre. Tbe net results of tho sula in hard cash amounted to over £8000. There wero 3160 acres offered, and 2000 acres Bold. The eagerness displayed to purchase wns exemplified from the circumstance that there were 200 people camped out, tbero being no suilablo accommodation in the locality. All the land around this property has been selected nnder the 42nd section of tha act, and thero is sail not to bo found sufficient available to make a suitable reserve for a cemetery. Not ver» Ion' since Mr Hugh Glass possessed 43,000' acre's of land there, but it has all been disposed of and is now profitably occupied. ' A case of gross ruffianism on the part of a cabman camo before tho district bench yester day. John Tyrroll, driver 641, was summoned for using abusive language towards Mrs White a widow laJy residing at Brighton. It ap peared that on the 8th inst. the lad,?, with her two children, was driving a baggy alon» Vic. toria-parado, when she was obliged to sud denly pull up to avoid knocking doini a couplo of children who wore running across the road. Tho cabman, who happened to bo following in hor wako, immediately commonced a torreus of abuse, and wanted to know 'why tho h ? 1 women woro allowed to drive about.' He then gave Mrs White's horso a out of hia whip, and tbe animal dashed along the parade kicked tho front of the buggy, and damage! the vohiolo to the amount of £i or £5. Mrs White reoeived a rather severe kiok. The horso waB stopped by some men, and Inspector Ryall happening to be passing took the csb man's number and summoned him. Mr Gall fined him 40a with £3 3s costs, ia default ono month's imprisonment with hard labor. On Sunday night, at eleven o'clock, Inspeotor Ryall, accompanied by abody of police, made a descent upon tho Australia Felix Hotel, Bourke-etreot, and found about twenty persons gambling with cards at four tables. Their names and addresses were ascertained, and it is intended to proceed against Charles Downie, tho landlord, for allowing gambling to bo carried on in his lioensed premises. A man fell from a scaffold at the Williams town Railway terminus yesterday, and was oonveyod in a stalo of insensibility to the Mel bourne Hospital. Tho driver of a sodawater maker's van was thrown from his car in Brans wick- atroot, Fitzroy. The horse bolted, and in his flight broke both shafts of the convoy anoo. The injured man was brought home in an unconscious condition. The names of tho men could not be ascertained. Some excellent hunters and hacks wero sub mitted to public competition yesterday st Kirk's Bazaar, but there was such a scarcity of buyers that the animaU were withdrawn. ' The manner in which propor names nro transmogrified, and the Queen's English butchered in some of our local courts,' says the Beaufort Chronicle, 'was experienced not long aga. The benoh directed the attendant oonstablo to ' call Duncan Campbell and another.' Tho limb of the law stepped to tbo door, and with a strong Milesian accent rociferated, ' Drunken Campbell andhismether.1 Again, when directed to call Chamberlain versus Stewart, the Hibernian announced, after calling at the door, that Chamberlain and j Stewart wero 'hero, your worship,' adding 'Varans don't appear.' The magistrate at ]nce directed tho removal of the oracle, observ ing the proceedings resembled thoso of a pantomime more than a court of justice.' Somo experimental irrigation arrangements, lately completed under the auspices of Messrs Mort and Watson, are thus described in the Pastoral Times :—' Tho pad-lock operated on is two miles below Doniliquin, on the south jido of the Edward. A tank, holding 400 gal tons, is fixed fifteen feet high, which is kept constantly full by a pump drawing its supply from the Edward River. From the tank a pipe jt 1^-incb diameter is to extend right across the paddock, 800 feet in length. At specified dis tances pipus run at right angles, so as to bring tho wholo of tho land to bo irrigated within tho range of a ninety-feet hose, which is fixed to each standpipe as required. So for rb they iro gone tho money expended is about £130, and as the land is very superior, it is possible that the irrigation of it may be foand to pay. The pump is workod for tho present by hand, and 4000 gallons daily are thrown over the parched land, whioh ha3 a growth of hay on it about nine or ton inches high. Two men are therefore employed, one to pump and the other to distribute, but the man at tho pump is to be soon superseded by horse-power, which will at the Bame time set a chaff-cutting machine going. Tho work is interesting as being the drat of tha kind commenced in this part. The apparatus is simple and easy ef ropair. It is intended soon to imbed tho pipes a foot in the 3arth, so as to enable the plough to pass OTer it. Messrs Mort and Watson can henceforth defy drought — if called upon to do so— or, if not re quired, thore is no further expense than tha mere sinking of so much capital to return good interest.' A movement is afoot in Geelong by a few gentlemen who have a project in view of es tablishing an hotel company, for the better ac commodation of the many visitors to Geelong. Their intention is to establish it en temperance principles, and to be called the Trevelyan Hotel Company. A meeting of farmers and storekeepers was held at the Criterion Hotel, Sale, on Thursday evening lost, for the purpose of hearing a pro position from Mr N. Guthridge for carrying on a permanent traffic to Melbourne via the Lakes. There wore about twenty-two or twonty-three persons present, and Mr - N. Guthridge read a prospectus wmen ;. ho had drawn up for consideration. The substance of the prospectus was that a - new company bo formed, to be called ^ ine . Gipps Land Lakes Navigation Company, M » capital of £5000, in 500 £10 shares ; that a Uno of five schooners, suitable [for navigating the Lakes at all seasons, be provided, and one ; steamer as a tender to take them in and out, that these schooners trade between we va rious rivois csmmunicating with tno .bases and Molbourne. The Albert schooner ?. and the Lady ol tho Lake steamer were M ot offered at a reasonable figure— tho AJben™ : £600, and the Lady of the Lake b**10^ After a conversational discussion it was movea ; and carried tbat a committee be^f1?.1.6^ draw up another prospectus, to be sobou^ , ea w a future meeting, but the gentlemen mentionea , as members of committee, with one exception, declined to act, and the meeting coMeijnenuy lapsed without any definite result. In tho County Court yesterday, in the ease : of Fogarty v King, the plaintiff sued to re cover £49 19s, for alleged ill treatment by the defendant of his (plaintiff's) son. The Iac« , showed that the parties were neighbors, resia- , ing in Qaeensberry-Btreet, Hotham. Two 01 ^ Mr Fogarty'fl children were playing oufcnde ; tbe defendant's shop, when one of them (a 1 dojj { threw his cap against the window, me o» . HnqLt was seifed, carried into the honse, and it was alleged put head first into a tub 1 ol. water. The child seemed to have received a severe fright, for when taken home £ »* «'. and has since been suffering from bt. ''J^1 ; dance. His Honor gave a verdict for£l&. j with costs on the first scale. ? ) A most determined act of ?^Mbae^ t was committed at Ballarat on Sata**'™ 1 ing, about eight o'clock, by a man named UfoM Mortimer, forty«-™ ?-'*' otJS\T^ei S and resitogin'Talbot-street, where he earned on the business of a chimney-EWeeper, occa^ , sionally pursuing the avocation of a genenu hawker. At the hour named he ™Jf ££{ bis wife entering tho closet, T^..^..8^. ! afed at some little distance from tho house. — — ' ? r~ — Vnt seem' him return, Bho sent ona of the ,MMren to call him, bat the child returned ffihD^not there. Mrs Mortimer then *ent herself, nnd on looking through a chink In thD aoor sen discovered, to her horror, the fetched man lying back with Ins throat cut, !nd the head almost severed from the body. She ecresnieJ, and two men who reside in the vicinity came to her assist ance They found the door of the eloae't fastened inside, and were obliged („ break it open. Having accomplished this, a most sickening spectacle presented it self' The man was not quite dead, bnt the ihnttin' and opening of the eyes, and the oaiverinf of tho lips, alono indicated tho pre ?ence of life. In the right hand was clenched a razor dripping with blood, tho blade of it having been securely fixed and_ rendered stationary by a piece of twine wound lereral times ronnd the upper pait ef the handle. His head lay partly resting ou his loft shoulder, exposing a deep gash ex tending from ear to ear, leaving nothing bnt a tniall portion of the slrin and the cervical ver tebra connecting tho bead with the trunk. By his side Y.-as also found a paper contain ing four razors, from which it would seem that tho act was tho result of cslm deliberation and the most desperate determination. The police were immediately eommnnicated with, and Dr. Butler called in, bnt of course the man was beyond the reach of human aid by the time ha arrived. Jlr Mor timer states that tho deceased had been of late subject to flli! of melancholy and abstraction, supposed to arise from disappointments in matters of business. 'Macbeth.' was performed at tho Theatre Royal last evening to a good house. Mr Start's impersonation of tho leading part, though some what uneven, was marked in placeB by great power.tbe scene in which the ghost of tho mur Jerei Bnnqns appears being particularly well played. The rest of the characters were sus tained with effect by the members of the Royal company. To-night ' Richelieu' and the farcoo! 'My Turn Next' will be played. Tho successful drama of ' A Sinter's Penance' win repeated at the Duke of Edin burgh Theatre last evening, and again met with the approval of the audience. It was followed by a farcical comedy in two acts, by Win. Brougb. entitled, ' Kind to a Fault.' Tho principal characters wero sustained by Sirs Jackson and Messrs Ireland, Musgrave, Davies and M'Gowan, and tho piece was suffi ciently diverting to send tho audience homo in eood humor. The Ymijetiss. — This place of amusement was opened yesterday evening, tho perfor mances being for the benefit of Mr John Cowan. . At Eleven o'Clock this morning, a trial of Nicholson's improved mower will take place on the Corporation Resorve, opposite the Univer sity, Grnttnn and Pelham streots, Carlton. Tdb Anniversabv. Seiimons of the Bible Christian Chapel, Gore-street, Pitzroy, wero preached on Sunday last, by the Rov. W. H. Hosken and Miss Thome. The congregations were largo, especially in tho afternoon and evening. The annual tea will be provided this evening at 6.30, to bo followed by a public meeting. The chair will be taken by tho hon. W. M. K. Vale, and addresses delivered by the Kav. W. H. Hosken, J. C. Symons, J. Walker and G. Gray, and Miss Thome. A Conoeut, with readings, in aid o! the Melbourne Hespital, waa given at Northoote kit night. Tho attendance was very gratify ing. Mr Bastings occupied the ohair. The contributions in mnsio were given by Messrs Cary, Akhurst, Pearson, Morgan, Jenvey, Miss Houston, and Mrs Morgan ; the reading of MeBsrs Gary, Jenvey and Akhurst, Wray, Weekes and Tobin being well received. The Mponso of tho room was defrayed by the resi dents, and tho piano waa kindly lost for the occasion. The cash taken at the door amounted to £4. _______________ 