©ales and BEEF TEA. [From Harper's New Monthly Magazine.1 We were walking together, my sister and j I, in the autumn fields. Mary's hands were full of asters and golden rod and bright maple leaves, glowing in the sunset light. She was smiling, fair, and happy; I, very dismal and grey. We are closer in sympathy and love than most sisters, audi felt strangely hurt and alienated by this entire difference of mood. I had, or thought I had, great cause for unhappiness. My sister knew my case, although we never spoke about it; and how could she on this particular evening, and here oil this spot, seem so heartless and gay ? In a little rage at last at her unbroken silence, and quiet, amused, smiling eyes, I spoke out— "Mary, you-know I hate to walk this way. Why did you bring me here? Do you want to make me unhappy ?" " Quite the contrary, my dear; I want you to he the happiest maiden within twenty miles; and I want to be indulged for once in a little confidential talk, such as we have not had for a year and a day." " Mary!" "You see I remember dates well, and I have reason. Now tell me what you said a year ago yesterday to John Holman to send him away from his home, and to leave you with such a pair of cheeks as that, and eyes with the scared look they have had in them ever since." "He went away from home to go into a bank," I answered drily. "Don't think to put me off in that way, Agnes. Has he ever come home in the meantime? Has he ever written to you—to you, who have been his correspondent ever since your little ten-year-old letters to ' Cousin John!' Come, my darling! Why should there be a cloud between us? Trust me and tell me alL" "'All what?" " What did you tell John a year ago yes terday?" " I told him that I did not love him." " And do you love him ?" "Yes, I do." " You mean that you deceived him?" " No; I mean that I deceived myself— that I found it out too late." My sister stopped ■with one of her little outbursts of passionate sisterly tenderness, and, throwing her arms around me, kissed me again and again. " My own darling, thank you for being so honest, so true; for knowing me well enough to trust me. This is my little triumph, dear. For the rest, I knew it all; but I wanted you to tell me. And now, Agnes, I will tell you something; John Holman is at home." "Mary! and you let me come this way! Look! there is the very house. Come away." And instead of doing so I sat down at the foot of a tree, and began to cry. First the shook of telling, and then the shock of hearing, had been a little too much for my nerves, you see; that was alL" "Why do you cry, Agnes? I wanted to let you know, because he will surely wish to see you." "Not he! You don't know anything about it. He is not the man to be at the beck and call of any woman. My words were final, and I sent him away completely; and he went. And then I jumped up and watched him go out of the gate and down the haw thorn walk, just beginning to feel my mistake even then." " Lid you see me meet Mm there ?" " No ; what do you mean ?" "Only this, Agnes. I, too, had an inter view with John Holman that day, and he told me (you know he always told me every thing—the dear brotherly heart!) all that you had said. And I said to him, ' She is mistaken, John, dear; she doesn't know her self, and I do know her; and what you must do is to wait one year, and then come back for your final answer. I prophesy it will he a different one.'" "Mary, did you really? Why did you never tell me ?" " Because he went away hurt and offended still at you. You see it is a sore blow, and I did not know, except as I might guess from my knowledge of Ms nature, whether my words would work. I did not dare to tell you, or, indeed, you fierce little tMng, to mention the subject at all." " Well, why do you tell me now ?" " Because I saw John Holroan last night driving up to his house." " Last night! Then he has been here all day, and we have not seen him!" "Thatmay not have been his fault. He had somebody with him, a friend probably, and Ms time may have been claimed." "No, dear; don't talk so. It is right—I mean it serves me right. Of course, if he has been here so long, and we have not seen him, there is an end of it." ■ Mary did not answer. She was straining her eyes gtowards the old grey stone house, where so many generations of Holmans had lived and loved, worked and died, clinging to the spot with a sentiment of home and clan sometimes found even in shifting, changing, forgetting America. "It is a carriage," she said, presently, in a rambling sort of tone. "A gig. I hope not Dr. Hodman's. I hope Mrs. Holman is not sick. He is coming this way. I will ask." And I thought, "His mother is sick, he cannot leave her." And we waited for-the coming wheels—she with kind affectionate anxiety; I with feverish selfish hope—my sister and I. " We saw you coming, Doctor," cried Mary, stopping our dear, old, shrivelled, shrewd, little friend, as he was driving rapidly past, "and we were afraid Mrs. | Holman might be ilL I hope not." "No, poor lady, she isn't ill yet, but she | has a hard time before ber. That son of hers has been brought back, for come be j would yesterday, though the journey was all but his death-blow, with such a fever on j him as L haven't seen in these parts for j twenty years—not since his father died. You must excuse my hurrying off, young ladies; some i*emedies I have in my office, and the quickest way is to go for them myself. Good morning, my dears." And j the wheels whirled rapidly off, and we watched them out of sight, and then turned I and walked slowly homeward—Mary cast down, sorrowful, and in tears; I with a heart full of mingled despair and sweetness, saying over and over to myself, " For come he would yesterday." An hour afterwards Mary knocked at my door and said, " Will you come down to tea, Agnes ?" " I don't care for any," I replied. "Tell aunty I am very tired, and will go to bed." " Aunty isn't at home, dear; she has gone to Airs. Holman's for the night." I opened the door. " Mary, tell me alL When did she go ?" '' Just before we came back. I picked up the note which Mrs. Holman sent. She says he has violent delirium, and begs aunty to come and help her. Here it is. Oh, Agnes! 1 cannot bear to show it to yon, and yet yon ought to know the worst," • The letters swam before my eyes, hut through the mist glared forth the words, as if written in flame, " we fear in great and imminent danger." " Agnes, I cannot leave you. Will yon come down?" "Ho, Maiy; how can you ask it? Let me be alone with this terrible sorrow. Let me grapple with it, and feel to the full what I have done. Throwing away all my own happiness, and giving the last stab to that heart! Oh, Mary! If he could have only lived one day longer—one day longer—only "known that I had come to my right mind; only said one word, and heard one word, so that he might think of me kindly before he dies, I could bear it." " Dearest, he is living, and may live; don't give up hope! But oh, Agnes ! don't think me cruel or unfeeling. I want to say one thing. Don't think so much of yourself! You answered John as you thought right and true. You were mistaken; but that is your misfortune, not your fault. And now this grief and suspense and dread are laid upon you by God, not as a punishment, but in wisdom. Accept the chastisement, darling. Take in the lesson and be submissive. One thing you know, that his last thought in health was to come back to you; so he loves you still. This you will always have to comfort you, even if the worst happens. And if the worst should come—if John should die without 'knowing what you are now feeling for.him, then, Agnes, you know that his eyes will be opened, that nothing can deceive him again, and he will read your very souL And although you may be for a short time absent in the body, you will be present in the truest sense—in the spirit." | "You are better than I, Molly dear; but I will try te be good. I would come down now if I had anything to do. That work of aunty's for poor little Johnny Talbot—let us do it this evening for her." " A good thought," said Mary, kissing me; and we went down to work our feelings off at the ends of our Angers, and be soothed by the sense that our work would not be thrown away, but carry help and a little sense of friendliness and comfort to one sorely-tried j heart—poor Mrs. Talbot, widowed and pen niless and sick, alone with her little lame boy. We sat over our work until the fire died out and the lamp grew dim, and midnight tolled from the near church steeple.. "Do go to bed now, Agnes." "Mary, you are my conscience; tell me, may I pray for John to get well?" " I am not your conscience, Aggy. My sense of right must not govern your soul. That is alone with God, and I cannot guide it. I can only tell you how I feel, just te help you to examine and understand." " Well, what do you feel ?" " I could not pray for his life, dear; nor for yours if you were lying at death's, door and I felt myself utterly desolate. I could only pray God to do His wilL That must be . best. How do we know that our granted prayer might not prove a hitter curse to those we pray for? "We do know that it would keep them from glory and rest and safety. We do not know what bitter drugs may yet be in their cup. No, I could not. It is such rest, such peace to think that God knows best! Doesn't the Father know your heart better than you do yourself? Will not He give you all things really good for you? " Oh, I cannot!" 1 exclaimed passionately. "You stand on higher ground than X can climb to. I know there is nothing so sub lime, so entirely satisfying as those heights of faith. But I am only toiling in the valley of human love and hope and sorrow, and clinging to the arms around me, and crying out with pain and longing when they are taken away. I feel just like a little lost child, Maryland your words sound so far off they don't comfort me a bit!" " Poor lambsaid' my sister tenderly. " K o doubt I am harsb and foolish in my fancied wisdom. But, dear, you know there is One a great deal closer to you than I am, who can be touched with a feeling of your infirmities—who has in all respects been tempted like as you are. Don't try to put poor foolish me in the place of Christ, Agnes, but go to Him." Did not my sore heart feel a little the balm of this truth ? Did not my communing in my chamber make me still? Yes, a little calm stole in—some submission, some faith, some putting aside of self, thank God, although I was yet only gradually, step by step, rising from the lower ground unto the Hills of Peace, still veiy far off. You see I had a long time to study the hard lesson, for John lingered on in the same violent and terrible state for six long days and nights, and at the end of the fearful week his life hung trembling in the balance. Hot being sensible or passive, it was almost impossible to persuade or compel him to take any nourishment, and the fever was burning away all his strength and his very life. Aunty told us about it one night when she came home for a few hours of much-needed sleep, having promised to be back early in the morning. "And poor old Ann too, girls, is almost worn out. She has been up night and day with ' Master John,' as she has gone back to calling him, and to-night she insists upon sitting up again, to aid Mrs. ■ Holman. But I'm afraid it will be the last time—she can't hold out so. Dear old woman! never was there a more attached and faithful servant. I believe she thinks of bini now as her little nursling again, and quite forgets she is sixty years old." My heart warmed to the dear old friend, and I envied her, and aunty, and every one j who could help in that sick room, where, i but for my own folly, I might now be by nearest right; and perhaps my voice might have reached him in his wanderings—might ' have influenced him for good. j The next day aunty was gone again. But ! before her flitting she told us that she sup- I posed this would be the critical day. If the I fever abated, or if they could persuade him j to take something to keep up his strength, all might yet be well, his noble constitution might even yet conquer. Then kissing us j solemnly for good-by she said, in her sad- : dest, weariest voice, "I shall not he back ! till night, deais; perhaps not till to-morrow. ' You must not tire yourselves out in any way. ! Agnes looks pale. Take care of her, Mary; though,' indeed, we may all be forgiven for pale sorrowful faces, when we think of this dear and valued friend so nearly passing from us." And then she dropped a few quiet tears, and trotted off like a good, grey little Sister of Charity, leaving us, sooth to say, not very much cheered. Toward noon our ignorance of John's state grew very painful; and after dinner was over, all work finished, and the long after noon before us, the suspense became into lerable. Mary felt it as well as myself, and proposed that we should walk towards the homestead to see if we could catch the doctor on his way to or from his patient. Yes, there was the gig in front of the house. But while we were yet far off the impetuous little man came out of the door, ran down the path and jumped in; and although we quickened our steps to a run, and sent our voices after him, he whirled off in the opposite direction as if life and death hung upon his speed. "Mary, I must know." "Yes, dear; we can't go back so. Of course we will not ring; see, there is the bell muffled and the knocker tied up. Let us go round to the kitchen door and speak to Ann." "Yes; come quickly." The kitchen was full of greasy steam, and through the cloud I was dismayed to see the dim figure not of the presiding deity of the place, dear old Ann, with her faithful ugly face and honest grumbling voice, familiar to me from childhood, but a comparative stranger, the housemaid Nora, a good-hu moured, silly-faced, exasperating young female savage, newly caught, of the "vacant chaff, well-meant for grain" species. Mary, born housekeeper that she is, uttered an exclamation of dismay at the sight and smell of the room, which was usually a Dutch temple sacred to the goddess of cleanliness, which is next to godliness; but she checked it instantly, remembering how many more important and serious matters had caused the confusion and discomfort, and asked Nora how Mr. Holman was now. "And he's very bad, poor gentleman," said Nora, breaking into a broad beamy smile at the sight of a friendly face and the hope of a "bit of a crack." " And I'm thinking 'twill go harrd with him, poor sowL And Ann she's bad, her head is fit to burrst, and her leg is bad; and she said 'Nora,' says she, ' you make the bafe tay for the master, for he'll die, poor man, if he won't eat, and I can stand it no longer,' says she; ' but I'll go to me bed and thry for a wink of a sleep or I'll die too.'" And Nora moved energetically through her cloud of incense to the tire, and began to stir vigorously something in a shadowy kettle. "And the broth is biling iligantly; but is it done, I wonder? Maybe, Miss Mary or Miss Agnes, you'll be good enough to stip this way and tashte it, for the Lord knows I'm no cook, but only to help Ann and aise her mind. ' Ann,' says I, ' you lave me the broth to stew, for I made it in the owld counthry, and I've watched you besides, and I'll cook it so yerself couldn't tell if 'twas your own or not.' The Howly Virgin forgive me the lie; but I was thinking of Ann, poor thing, and how sore she needed rest; and I thought the poor master would only push it away, and shut down his lips like a box, and go raving on in his talk about the woods and the spring, and about one little ewe lamb, all he had, which is what he's always dhraming about. The Heaven above knows what he manes, poor man, for he's never so much as kept an owld sheep as far as Ann can tell. And I said to meself, me broth will be as good and better to throw away again nor Ann's, who's a born cook, she is, and makes everything taste so natural like. But, Miss Agnes, you're stirring it, I see, and maybe you'll tell me what I'll do next." "Do, Nora. I think I'd throw it right down into the sink. Now don't look so dis tressed ; but you see beef tea ougbt not to have any grease in it, and look at those great lumps of fat!" " 'Twas to make it the richer, Miss." "Yes, I see; hut you know sick people can't eat rich food. Now then, a fork and a plate, please; see I take out all the lumps and bones. And now a skimmer; there, that will dojjetter. Now, Nora, you stand just here and skim the grease off the top as soon as it rises for exactly one hour by the clock. And if it is wanted by the end of that time, strain it off into a nice pretty cup. Not one of your kitchen howls, remember, but the prettiest china cup there is in the bouse; and put in a very little salt, and take it upstairs carefully, with a clean napkin over the tray." "One of the mistress's best cups! Ocb! and 'twill get broken—just pushed over in his raving; and I was thinking to meself that a nice little tin pail there is here would be the safest." " Nonsense ! do you think Mr. Holman would drink out of a tin pail, sick or well ? Now, do just as I told you, Nora, there's a good girl! Never mind if half a dozen cups are broken; and I'll go right home, and send it in the evening. This is going to be, after all, just good enough to be pushed away." And Mary and I made our way through the mist into the blessed pure air, leaving Nora obediently standing with the strainer in her hand, and her mouth and eyes wide open. Mary began to laugh at my newly-de veloped powers both of cooking and bullying; and I, cheered by finding just one little thing that I could do for John, made my way to a butcher's shop, displayed wonderful know ledge in the exact cut and weight of the beef I wanted, carried it home myself, wrapped in brown paper, and forthwith, brewed a jorum of such beef tea as should raise the pulse and flush the cheeks of—a ghost. But beef tea, it is well known, cannot be made in an hour, and the evening was well set in before I dispatched mine, nicely held in a pretty glass pitcher, which stood in a silver howl which had been my mother's ; and the whole packed in a fanciful little basket, and looking very tempting and dainty. I had a theory, you see, that a delirious patient would hardly be attracted by the very ob jects which most revolt a man in his senses. .Not long after, my basket, freighted with so many invisible things, much more precious and healing than beef tea, had been sent off, aunty came home, almost rested, almost gay. For she brought good news—tidings of hope and relief, which she told us as we put her down before the fire, and pulled off her mufflers, and arranged her feet to toast comfortably while she sipped her late cup of tea. " I told you, girls, that to-day would be the crisis, and so it has proved. John was very ill all the morning, so wild and yet so weak. It seemed as if the fever had burned up all his strength, aud yet we could not in duce him to swallow either food or medicine. He lay tossing upon the bed, sometimes shouting like a person in a nightmare, some times sobbing like a little sick child, and raving about things he wanted and people he wished would come, but his voice would grow so weak that we could hardly distinguish any of his words. And then, when the fit of raving was over, he would fall into a heavy stupor, and each time we were afraid he would never come out of it. But towards three o'elock he sank into a real sleep, which seemed quieter and more natural, and his face began to look more like himself. And the doctor came, and though he hardly dared to feel his pulse, he was sure that this was a very critical and hopeful time; and he said if John could only waken quiet and sensible, and especially if we could prevail upon him to take some nourishment, he would jmll through yet. Poor Mrs. Holrnan was quite overcome by the hope, for I think she had entirely given him up, and she went into the next room for fear he would hear her, poor thing! And I followed her and begged her to lie down there for a little while, aud let me sit by John. I promised to call her j instantly if there was any change. And so ! she did; and I sat tliei-e, watching the clock, ; and dreadfully annoyed by some horrid ; smells that came up from the kitchen; and ; finally John began to move and moan and | contract his eyebrows as if they pained him; i aud I, nearly in despair, put my baud into i cold water and laid it on his forehead ; and j without waking at all, the wrinkles all , smoothed themselves down, and he became i quiet again, and began to draw long breaths , like a healthy child; when who should come j creaking up the stairs hut that, awkward I Nora, with a cup. in her hand,. J eouUl not i move without waking John, and I thought to be sure Mrs. Holm an would go out and hush her; but the poor woman had fallen asleep—no wonder—and so Nora came to the door on her clumsy tip-toes, and began to whisper, in a voice which would have waked the Seven Sleepers' I've brought ye the tay; and Miss Agnes she stirred'it, and she : tashtedit, and she said shure 'twas awful, j but 'twould do this time, and she'd make some better to-night; and I put it in a foine cup, as she bid me; and och! have I waked the master?' And I, who had been putting my finger on my lips, and saying 1 sh— sh—' as softly as 1 could for fear of waking John, and wishing something would fly away with the unbearable, well-meaning idiot, looked round and saw John's great haggard asto nished eyes wide open! And he jnst sat right up in the bed, and said, ' Bring me that cup!' and he took it, and drank every drop, and then fell back and shut his eyes again." ] " What did you do next, aunty ?" asked ; dear Mary, for I could not speak. | " Why, I waited a moment, and saw that ! he was really asleep again, and then I j couldn't help going in and putting my arms around Mrs. Holman and telling her; and we had a good cry together. And the doctor says the worst is over, and he is going to get welL Well, Agnes, I am glad you are moving to go to bed. It's early yet, but I feel as if I should sleep to-night, with such a weight off my mind." For many days I went around with a sing ing heart, the burden of its strain being "John is growing better, John is getting well." Very weak still, and needing the greatest care, the most skilful of nursing; but still slowly and steadily floating back from the dark shore of shadows where his bark had well-nigh stopped. They said he seemed depressed at times, as if life were almost too great a burden to his weakness; but with returning health that the brave heart would regain strength, none of us doubted. But when suspense was over, other doubts and miseries began to whisper to me. Mary and I had taken it for granted, in our excite ment, that John had returned to his tryst with the same feelings he had taken away with him a year before. But now Common Sense aroused herself to show me that a man with typhoid fever must needs come home to be nursed. That longing for his mother's care, wishing to recover or die in his own home, was a more probable reason for his pertinacity than a desire to give one more chance to a wayward ungrateful girl, who liad wounded his heart and put away his love, long before. And now what would he think of me, if indeed his heart were changed? If he could remember any of his sickness he must know that I had hovered around the house the day he was most ill, and that I had prepared the ordered nourish ment. At least it should never happen again, said my proud heart; and although I still went on concocting my daily jar of beef tea, and helping Mary prepare her delicious, quaking moulds of wine-jelly, I took care that no message should be sent with them but "Mrs. Temple's regards," or "Miss Mary's love"—never my name. Nearly two weeks had-passed since the day ofachange, and we had all fallen back into the old groove. Aunty had worn her self out a little with her neighbourly cares, and was enjoying a few days of semi-inva lidism, rest, and petting; while Mary had strained her ancle, and was also a prisoner to the sofa, leaving me the one efficient member of our quiet, orderly little home. It was well for me that the light labours of the household, and waiting on the dear two, fell upon me now, for it left me little time to think—none to repine. "Agnes, dear," said aunty to me, "can you do a little errand for us? The fresh air -will be good for you, child." "Yes, certainly, aunty. Is it the socks for Johnny Talbot?" "No, dear, not the socks; but it's a message about him. Mrs. Holman has pro mised me a quantity of old flannel and some coats and vests for him, and I want you to go up there and bring me down a few of them, for Mary and I think this would be such a good time to make them over for him. It will give us something to do now, and it will save poor Mrs. Talbot many a stitch on these long winter evenings." " Can't Semantha go?" " Not very well. "Why should she, Agnes? Are you too tired? I'd much rather send you than Semantha, for she will go to Nora, and Nora will go hounding up stairs, and as likely as not waken John out of his afternoon nap. "Whereas you can go in- without ringing, look into the parlour, and; if no one is there, go very softly up and knock at Mrs. Hol man's door, without disturbing anybody. Come, my dear child, why don't you want to go? It isn't like you to refuse to trot about for poor old aunty." Of course I went, half glad, half loth. It would be a new sensation to- be in the very house with John once more; but then I dreaded sensations, and would" gladly stay at home, secure and calm. And besides, I had not seen his mother yet, and I felt afraid—of her—of myself—of him ! Biit still I went, and the fresh wind blew away some morbid thoughts; and I began to feel, as I neared the homestead, that a dear friend whom we had all loved, and prayed for; and worked for, was lying there getting better; andtliat I need not be ashamed to rejoice in this, whatever the future might bring. The street door stood open. That was well, at all events, and I could enter as noise lessly as a dream. I peeped' into the bright sitting-room, and it looked dreary and de serted, as if nobody lived there now. So upstairs I stole with the softest, lightest step, and paused for one- moment on the landing to hold my hand over my heart and put down its tumult—for there in that room, behind the shut door just before me, lay the one friend who in all things satisfied me. And oh ! when should' Iknow whether this knowledge came to me too late ? whether he and I had changed places? No use to linger; I should not grow more calm, but less so. I passed by has room still as a shadow, with a prayer m my heart for his happiness, no matter what became of mine, and tapped at his mother's door softly, so softly that there was no response, and I had to repeat my knock before I heard a very low and muffled " Come in." I turned the handle gently, and opened the door swiftly, to avoid that terrible creak so jarring to sick nerves, and then stood still in amazement and terror; for there, sole occu pant of that room, lying on his mother's bed, wan, ghastly, haggard, with wild eyes fixed upon my face, was John Holman. tj For a moment I stood spell-bound, then tarned to flee; but his voice arrested me, so full of passion, weariness, and longing, that had he held me by the hands I could not have felt more powerless to escape. "Agnes, is it you at last? Oh, my little lamb, come to me! If you go away and shut that door I I really believe I shall die." I hesitated only a moment, then, with burning cheeks and tearful eyes, went up to the bed. "I am very glad to see you so much better, John; but I thought this was your mother's room; surely it was cnce; I came to speak to her." "Yes, they brought me here. Oh, Agnes, how cool your soft hand feels, and how bright you look in your dear little rough coat. Did you know how sick I was, dear? And all along I was looking for you, and dreaming that I could not find you, that you would not come; and then somebody brought me something rather bad in a cup, and told me you sent it, and I drank it and got well. So you cured me, you see. Why did you cure me, Agues? Life isn't worth having if you don't care for me." " But I do care for you, John." "Yes, I see you do ; the tears are running down your sweet face. Pitiful little heart! it suffers at seeing how sick I have been. But I don't think I can bear tbat kind of care and pity. I should have liked it better than anything from my little girl'of ten years ago, but now I want something more." "And I will give you something more, John." "Yes, dear, I know you will. You are a woman now, and your heart is larger, and you are capable of being a very devoted loving friend. But I told you last year that ! I could not be satisfied with that either. I j want if an.'' [ "tie you still?" I " X always shall, Agu«®;I" can't get over it, you see, though 1 vowed I would when I was angry. Mary told me to wait, hut I'm afraid she didn't know. Agnes, they say sick people ought to be humoured; that it is bad to deny them anything they want. Do you think so?" j "Yes, very bad!" " Now you are laughing and ctying too. Do sit down by me, and let us talk reasonably about it. There, now you look comfortable. I thought once I should never see you again. I am so happy juBt now." | "Don't talk, John; it will hurt you." " It won't hurt me to talk, but it may to bear. Agnes, I must ask—I cannot live without knowing—have you changed your mind?" "Yes, John." "Not out of pity, you know. Not because I have been so near death's door. Oh, my darling! be careful what you say. Look into your own heart, and tell me what you see there." "Dear John," I answered "believe me. It was long before yon were sick that I looked into my own heart, and then—and now—I saw—shall always see—nothing but you." Here followed a long pause of gladness, almost too great for his strength—almost too intense for my calmness. He looked so white and wan that I was startled, and would have sprung up for some restoratives, but he held me fast. "You are pale and faint," I said; "let me get you something." "No, dear, don't go; I am only faying to believe it. Do you know, dear child, that you haven't kissed me since you were thirteen years old?" "There! now you can never say that again, ' Cousin John.'" " Now I feel better. Now you may get me some of that nice beef tea in the silver bowl by the fire. Mary made it. Dear Mary! she has sent it to me every day." ■ " I made it, John." " You, Agnes! not every day?" "Yes." " No wonder it cured me; no wonder I am better. Better! 1 am well. The idea of my being a sick man any longer!" and he gave a loud, cheerful laugh. Such an .unusual sound proceeding from her boy's sick room disturbed Mrs. Holman's comfortable siesta, and I heard her move. "Why do you start so, Agnes?' "Oh, John! good-by; it's your mother! Oh, please let me go—I should die if she came in!" Down stairs I sped, and out of the door, just in time to hear Mrs. Holman's surprised voice say, " Why, John, I thought 1 heard the doctor in here," and catch the sound, as I fancied, of a feeble chuckle on the part of her son. Home I flew, my only thought being to reach my own room, bury my head in my own pillows, and there blush and blush, and laugh and cry, until £ had taken it all in, and grown calm in the new state. But fate was against me. Softly as 1 opened the door I was heard, and aunty's voice summoned me. I was tempted to feign deafness, and go on my way upstairs; but a plaintive sound of mild distress in her tone moved me, and I went reluctantly, not quite into the room— not quite in view. "What is it, aunty ?" " Do shut that blind, Agnes, before you go up. It is slamming constantly, and Mary and 1 are both helpless—I with my cold, and she with her foot." I did as requested, and then turned to go. "Where are the clothes, Agnes?" "What clothes, aunty?' " Why, the things you went for, child; the things Mrs. Holman gave you." "I didn't get them," I stammered; "I quite forgot." " Forgot! Good gracious ! What does j the child mean? Ana she looks quite wild. ; Look at her, Mary! What is the matter with j her ?" But Mary raised herself on the sofa and stretched out her kind arms. " Little I Agnes, come to me." And I went straight ' into them as a bird flies to its nest. "Never mind aunty, darling. Only tell me—you bave seen John? You are happy ?" "Yes! oh yes!" " My dearest! Oh, aunty dear, don't tease her. 1 will tell you all. Don't you 1 see she has been with John, and they have I made it all up ?" I "Made what all up? Mary, you are dreaming. Agnes is a mere baby—far too ; young to third: of such things. And both I Mrs. Holman and I intend John for you." Oh, how merrily Mary laughed, bless her heart! till I caught the infection, and could ' not help joining—the more as aunty sat : watching us over her spectacles iu speechless | indignation and dismay. " ' L'homme propose, Dieu dispose,'" re ' marked Mary, gaily, when she had had her j laugh out. " This man proposed more than a year ago, and your baby cud not know her ' own mind, and they've had; a sad time of it j ever since. You may as well give them ; your blessing, Mrs. Temple,, and put up with i me, for surely we are going to lose our little I Agnes." But aunty wasn't yet appeased. '' I don't quite see how she got at him*" she remarked dryly. I sprang up in a tumult of shame and anger. " Aunty, how can you? You never told me that John was in his mother's room —and of course I went there and knocked, and of course—" Here I stopped, for peal after peal of laughter greeted my simple ex planation, even Mary saying, "Oh! that was the way of it; I confess.I wondered." I turned to go, much hurt. "You are both very unkind," I said; but aunty with tears in her eyes held out her arms. " Don't be angry, my pet. You know I was so com pletely unprepared. I see—my little one must grow up—must follow the laws of nature. It comes a little hard to me at first, but there is nothing for it but to submit. Don't you know that I am glad if you are happy?" Hardly an hour had passed when the one village " hack" stopped at the door and let out Mrs. Holman, who hurried in excited and eager. " Where's Nest? I want Nest!" (that was always her name for me—a memory of her childhood in "Wales). "What have you been doing to John, child?" " Oh, Mrs. Holman, I could not help it. I thought it was your room. Tell me, is he worse?" " Worse! I never saw a man so changed. ' It's all the beef tea, mother,' he said. Kiss me, my daughter. What do you think this John of ours is doing now? Sitting up in bed and being shavedand he means to get as far as the sofa to- morrow, and wear his dressing-gown. He wanted me to bring yon back, but I told him no, he had done enough for to-day, and you would come and sit with him to- morrow. I thought all along there was something on his mind; but I must say I thought it was you, Mary, and I said as much to John. 'She's the oldest and the prettiest, my son,' said I (you musn't mind me, Nest, dear; you both of you look well enough); and he said, ' I know that, mother; but you see Agnes has always belonged more to me than anybody since her father died; and she came here, a little ten-year old, pa'c cheeked thing, and took to calling me Cousin John, and learning little lessons, and writing little letters for me; and I've never cared for anybody but just that child, and never shall.' And then he began to fret and weary. ' He wished Agnes would come back. She was afraid of me, and had run away, and never said when she would come pgain.' And so, to satisfy him, I sent Nora for the carriage, and drove round to see if it was all right, and to make Nest promise to come over bright and early to- morrow." And so, morning after morning, I go to sit by John's side, to read and talk and laugh, and help him all I can to get welL When he is quite recovered we are to be married; and then we are going over the water to sp md the rest of the winter in Home, and the sp -ing in Wales. If Mary would only go too! But she won't. She says young people (John isn't a bit young) should be left to themselves, and that she cannot leave aunty. But even with Mary gone, how happy I stall be! To see Europe, and with John ! It wi 1 be like having everything that is best ou earth, and a little bit of heaven besides, to carry wherever I go! As for aunty, she worries, still because I am so young, and don't know enough about housekeeping; and prophesies that John will see his mistake when the hpueyuicca is over, and daily dinnqrs^xssiane their wdnt$& i&'pdlNfc&hce.; Bat Jobtt l&ngbS; at her forebodings, and says, ^ You'd better look to year. own. laurels, for Agnes will.beat you all ak1tea$ekeeping. l *tver tasted any. thing hauiwigTOdasher^^ltea." Al» l" feays "Malry. *" liat yba mitstknow she mixed in & love-$kilter, John; so you can't judge." : . . • 