THE VICTORIAN RACING CLUB. Nbw Year's Day Meeting. (from oue melbourne correspondent.) The first event on the card was the Hurdle Race, a handicap of 5 sovs. with 100 sova added. About three miles, over eight flights of hnrdles. The following started — Valentine, Laurel, Phyrrus, Little Zing, Surprise, Count, Gay Lad, Lady Clare, and Brunette. Gay Lad got away with a strong lead, and maintained that position the nrst round, ojiiue sxing m tbe second round pulled to the front, bnt was chal lenged end passed by Laurel, but in tbe race home they again changed places, and they passed the judge's chair in the following order: Little Zing (Chiffney) . . 1 Phyrrus 2 Laurel _ 3 — Time, 6min. For the Flemington Stakes, a spin of f mile, for two year olds, a sweepstakes of losovs, with 200 added. The following nags came to the post: Zouave, Monsieur Le Beau, Feneila, Ragpicker. Feneila was the favourite in the betting. At the start Feneila, led with Zouave close up. At about the first quarter, Zouave was rushed up to the front, but was not equal to the occasion as to keeping it, and the mare took Mr Fisher's colours in an easy winner. Feneila 1 Zouave .... . 2 Ragpicker 3 For the Victoria Derby, a sweepstakes of 25 sovs, with 500 sovs. for three year olds ; one mile and a half, the following horses' numbers were shown : Little Fish (Harrison), Token, Fire- works, Kingfisher, and Balmoral. Mr Fisher declared to win with Little Fish. Fireworks was the favourite in spite of a stiffness in the fore legs, which was apparent in a preliminary canter. At getting away. Fireworks led, but at the turn allowed Zingfisber to take the front place, and then dropped to the tail of the race, apparently hard held. At the back of the coarse Token and Little Fish raced Kingfisher, and at the turn between the straight and the abattoirs, Fire works rushed again to the front and won easily in a oanter some lengths ahead of Little Fish. Fireworks 1 Little Fish 2 Token 3 Time, 2 min 52 sec. Midsummer Handicap, a sweepstakes of 10 sovs., 5 sovs. ft., with 200 sovs. added. The following horses came to the post : — Fireworks, "Woodman, Syren, Toryboy, Dan O'Connell, Rip Van Winkle, Waterwiteb, Grace Egerton. Fireworks was in favour at the start. The flag being lowered, Grace led off, having the inside place, and after keeping a few lengths in advance to the river side she gave way to Toryboy. Woodman tied for first place, and Rip then took up the running. Fireworks, who had been lay ing astern, now pot on steam, and at the abat toirs rushed to the front and after a game struggle in the straight running with Toryboy, Grace, and Rip, especially the former, Stanley landed him a winner by a couple of lengths. Fireworks (Stanley). ... 1 Toryboy - . 2 Woodman . . . . 3 The Port Phillip Stake's of 20 sovs., with 500 sovs. added, over the the three-mile course. This was of course the race of tjje day, the interest of the race- however, being much decreased by the withdrawal of Fishhook, as on all hands the Barb was accepted as a certeinty and backed at con siderable odds, 3 and even 4 to 1. Strop was about next in favour. The horses that came to the start were Strop, Cowra, Poetess, Barb, and Old England. Cowra at starting went off with a iead, Poetess next, Barb and Old England well back. Tbe pace the first round was a common canter, Cowra leading all round, tbe jocks apparently doing tbe Earl of Chatham, "waiting," and they passed the first time in the following order — Cowra, Poetess, Strop, the Barb, and Old England, bnt at the tarn beyond, On Stanley 1 was the word, and the Barb and Old England tried for first place ; the Sydney crack got it at the abattoirs and Cowra dropped into second plaoe, which position was not altered up to the judge's chair.Barb being past about fire lengths in advance of the grey wivh Strop a good third. Barb (Stanley) . . , , 1 Cowra 2 Strop . . . . .3 Time, 6 min 14 sec. The Grand National Steeplechase, with its 10 sovs handicap, and 300 sovs added, induced the- appearance of some of our good steeplechasers. The water jump had been done away with, and fonr stiff fences substituted — still the lovers of tha sen sational were dissatisfied at the exchange, and con sidered it a sort of Hamlet without, the Ghost. . The following started: — Banker, Babbler,. Bardo, Wando, Tom Cat, Reindeer, Western, Firetail, Pondon, Active, Woodman, Black Bess, Canary. Firetail got away with a slight lead, but was soon passed by Reindeer, then Wando took first place. Wando fell with his rider, Kelly, who was con siderably injured by the concussion, but I believe no bones were broken. Tom Cat also cast his rider (Manly), but went the entire course, taking all the jumps with an empty saddle at the back of the coarse. Firetail made a struggle, and looked like going to the front, but baulked at a feuce, and lost bis chance. Reindeer maintained the front place to the turn into tha straight, where Western want up to him, raced, and passed him, winning by a length, Babbler well up. Western (Chiffney) .... 1 Reindeer 2 Babbler 3 — Time Gmin 53sec. The Prince and suite left the ground after the race. The last event of the day wae the £50 Plate, for which live atarted — Protection, Laurel, Shenandoah,' Warrior and Palladium. Shenandoah (Chiffney) . . . 1 Palladium . . . . . 2 The Emperor Napoleon, well-known to be a first- rate artillerist, has invented, Echoes from the Clubs says, a now field gun. Its power is so great that a single discbarge is expected to destroy a battalion. Workmen are busily engaged in manufacturing this weapon ; they are locked up day and night, and never allowed to leave the premises, whereof bis Majesty himself keeps the key ; and the secret is not to be divulged until European complications render prompt actiou necessary. A Rhode Island clergyman latsly illustrated the necessity of corporesl punishment for tha correction of juvenile depravity, with the remark that ' o child,' when one started in a course of evil conduct, is like a locomotive ou the wrong track— it --takes the switch to get it off.' The Real Balance of Power.— The balancd at the banker's. When is soup likely to run out of the sauce pan ? — When there's a leek in it. The lady whose sleop was broken has hud it mended. Mr hen a raun is looking at a plaster bust of anybody, may he be considered as having a cast in his eye? Why are authors like oattle ! — Because they are accustomed tojjensj 