THE FOUNDATION OF -LELEOl'RNE. Tlit following account cf the irst trtikcsent at Melbourne wl.iuh ft titric: from I hi- -!:??, v lii be read with interest, tl.e niirasor being the Hon. J. F. FswkDer, M.L.C. :— ' Having resolved tc attempt to form a ectile nicnt at Purt Phillip, vhtz I voi resiiiiug at ; Launcestuo, in Woo, many ri-as..-n! urging nie m niaiie me attemi'i, buj^-j^^i «'»'» *'»- »«*-' that I iaoded at Point Ntp^an. 19:h October, 1S03, froai Ii.M.a. C-icutta, uadcr the charge of Lieu'..-Col. DATid 'A-liics, of the E. M. This gentleman dc-ciJed ti.at Port Pmliip uas not suited to t!:e purposes of colonisation, and by the consunt of Phillip Gitiky ting, t'q., Go vernor at that time at b-dc-:y, i: was resolved to remove the while people and stores to the Derwect, anJ on the 10ih of February, 1SCH, the first division of the colonists Ianiied at Hubart To«n and founded it. The latter di vis:jn from Port Phili'a did not reach Hobart Xo«'n until June, ISOt. In Msrcii, 1S35, 1 purchased the Ente:prise, schouner, to c'.niey me auJ rive fritno* « ho i bsd CLCscattd to rec:ure oter the £:ra;:s to j fjuni a «t* colony. Tacir names and additions j were as fjiloiv : — Captain Joiin Lancey : Rot*rt j Hay il^rr. carjtnter ; Geur^e Evir.s, p;asttrtr ; j t-aracel Jackson, architect aud cab:uet ruikcr ; j William Jackson, csrptn'.er j and tbe Kriier. j The Eiiierpnse, scho ner. wa« st Sydney at ti.is i time, and did not reach iaance-t -n tU July. Dunng this time a Mr. Jean Batman came ever j to s*r!Ee the !anjs for a company of squatters, to occupy the lacds with sheep acd cjttte, as Biiir.au 'states in his j urual by B^cwick. Atiotiier lot rf squa'.ters seized the «hu'.e of tne Portland Biy d^irlct. We a:tempted to found a colony of active men as farmers and trades- 1 cje', and thus open a fine country to enttr prisiDg industrions colonists. The first laniins tot-k fUoe at Melbourne on the 29th of Auctst, 1S35. H-rres, with plooch, harrows, acd all necessary things to commence faming 'were Iscdcd, and some lO'.K) fruit trt-es I sent over, aud garden seeds : a garden and orchard was fcrav.d ; and on the 7th of Sep teniber, 1S35, fire acres of land, previously ploughed, were sown with wheat, on the lands where Langlacd's and Fulton's foundries no» stand, and produced in January, 1836. one hundred bushels of wheat. In 1S36 I ploughed up and cowed SO acres on the flat near emerald-bilL The British Government, in 1S03. attempted and failed to form a settle ment at Port Phillip, snd denounced tue country ss unfit for colonisation. rM»ate enterprise in 1835 effected «hat tbe Government failed in doing. Melbourne completed tbe 33rd year of occupation on Fridav last. The colony is now in its 34th year. What has been ita progress, as compared with tbe older colonies? Look ronnd, reader, and examine tbe colony io thirty-three years. LandB to the amount of millions of acres bate been pur chafed and paid for. Millions have been spent upon railroads and macadamised ways ; tbe Yan Tean bas secured a never-failing supply of wa'.er, invaluable for fire-prevention as well as for other purposes ; 650,000 inhabitant*, with some 120,000 houses, some 100 townships snd Tillages bare betn formed, and some millions of pounds worth of gold sent to tbe mother country at the critical period of the Hussian war. The people here subscribed largely for the sufferers by the mutiny in India, and also to assist the cotton weavers in the time of the American civil war. These few remarks m»y be amplified into a long article at some future day. But now it will let strangers see some little of the sudden rise of tbis free colony, founded without any aid from the British or aDy other Government. Railway to the Ovens.— The Great North Euteru I Railway League congress was held on Monday' last at tbe town-hall, Chiltern, Be tween fifty and sixty delegates from public bodies from all parts of the district attended. Tbe folowing resolutions were carried:— '1. That, while the other gold fields districts have both good roads end railway communication, Tbe Ovens district has neither, tbus inflicting great loss and hardship upon all classes, snd re larding the development of the immense re sources of the district. 2. Tbat, in the opinion of tbis congress, tbe attention of the whole dis trict should meanwhile be concentrated upon the North-Eastern Railway, from Melbourne to the Murray, approaching Albury, and that any attempt to jeopardise tlie immediate construc tion of this line, by introducing the question of branch lines and extensions at the present time is most mischievous and suicidal. 3. That tbe estimates submitted to the Ovens Bailway Par liamentary Committee, based on the existing traffic, demonstrated that the main line will yield a profit to the country, after pa} ing the interest upon the loan. 4. That the North Eastern Railway will trireupa large portion of the southern territory of New South Wales to the commerce of Victoria, and will thus largely ex tend tbe trade of this colony.' — Argut telegram. SlNOCLAB SroBT OF COLONIAL LlFG.— 'A few days ago a man, whose name was then un known, suffered such injuries as eventually resulted in bis death, whilst engaged falling timber in the vicinity of (be Bunyip, on tbe Melbourne-road. The deceased has subse quently been identified as the man Thomas from Mr. Ellis, of the Criterion Hotel livery stables, ostensibly for the purpose of visiting a station in the vicinity of Stratford, where lie alleged he had some cattle, but who in reality absconded from the district with the properly, who appropriated to his own purpose his part ner's moiety of the proceeds ofa contract for a supply of firewood ; and who deserted his wife and family of seven young children, and left them in a state of abject penury. Some days after Smith's disappearance, and in consequence of the efforts of the police to trace his where abouts having proved futile, his unfortunate wife made application to the Bench at the Sale Police Court for the admission of four of the children into one of the Government charitable institutions nnder tbe Neglected Children Statute, and the justices ordered tbe little ones to be forwarded to Sunbury Industrial School for periods varying from three to five years, in proportion of their respective ages. The police were indefatigable in their endeavour to capture the levanter, but be succeeded in evading them until he was placed beyond the reach of mortal punishment.' Football. — We extract the following from the Gedong Adveiliser and trust for the credit of the Melbourne Scotch College, tbat some ex planation may be given for the apparently discourteous and ungenerous treatment their opponents appear to have received: — 'The football match between the Geelong and Mel bourne Scotch Colleges was played on the Zoo logical-grounds, near tbe Yarra, on Saturday afternoon. It ended in a draw, the result of a series of untoward, and no doubt, fortuitous circumstances. In the first place, our Geelong youths had to wait for some time outside while the Melbourne gentlemen were taking their lunch, and on reaching Ihe scene ot action, at the distance ofa mile, it was found tbat the latter had left the football behind. After some delay it was bronglit, tut it turned out to be in such a poor state of repair that a few kicks put it completely hart de combat In about an hour's time another ball was brought, with which, after an hour's play, a gaol was kicked by the Melbourne team. Tue second gaol was got by Anderson, of the Geelong College, in a few minutes; and while the decisive 'event' was being tried tbe Melbourne players cried ' time,' and refused to respond to tbe ardour of the Geelongesr, who were anxious to play it out. As two hours were lost owing to tbe Mel bourne team not being properly provided with a ball, stopping the game when there was an other hour ot daylight can only be accounted for by the Melbourne youths being afraid of being beaten by tbe (jeelong collegians, who, indeed, had the best of the game throughout. The latter laboured nnder the disadvantage of having had nothing to eat from the time they left Geelong in the morning till six in tbe even ing, when their opponent* sumptuously regaled them with bread and batter. So much for Mel bourne politeness.' Police Raid os a Chimme Gambliko HoCSB.— On Saturday night last, about 8 o'clock, tbe police, under the command of Inspector leaver and Sergeant Lurner, made ? raid upon ? Chinese gambling-house at Golden Point, and succeeded io arresting no less than fifty-four individual', who formed, however, only about one-third of the Bomber who were engaged participating, directly or Indirectly, in tlie.il egal games peculiar to these people. Antici pating no resistance, only ? ?mall body or police wMtoId off for the doty in the first instance ; bntwoliwy toWf^piKOdent w4 In* «P«r. knee '-?! uir;. the- -_' i!;«e aiie a resi-tac.e so ti^'.erniiiirc, ar.i vu.-.&'. tr.at .. r,':v !ur \'.,c :nir s-.rer.cL ci f.-ni-.- -i t;.e m re i r. i ? liter,; n:i.u::^;t sunn.- li*ts t».T:'.ui-.L T;i* i.i.u-e in yu-t'.i-.-:; i? siiuau-d ri-ar i^u.-tka-etrc-L-:, an.i. list; the gernrality o: :,al.;:.v.i.iLr in the ui-igtibourhooJ, ssaIoi*' w co ic-ri fcbactVj capable ut accommo.ii ting t.-nse -'.'0 persons closely packed. The police oiviiej themselves ir.to two r-ariies, and by a pre:o.neertei signal interei siiBukanan t-ouEly by t:.t front ai.ii back doors. Tbe mo ment they vers obseivci a rush iwk |''-ai---, inc moiiey »as snapped up, t lie lights extinpui^iud, BLii n~:;h iLc must neudi?h \\-.l,s a ilafh was made for ths ocor* and winiow^ The banker vri'.G ms !-??£ leaped iroro his fct&t; ana iouk a Leader trirou^-i the nearest window, carr* log a w*y t:ie .enure iramework, and fell on the ground ouiMie with it encircling his neck, the only woadtr t'ein£ that tis Deck -ra- no broken. lie sii.i retained a secure hold of the money-box but was extricated from bis position and relieved of his charge l.t one of the police, who pushed : him back e^^.o inside the l.ouse. An effort was ! rusiie in dispera'.ion to break through the si :es ' of iLe linos-, but l.y a liberal use oi the hand- ; cufl.« and iu:«s, the p»lic-e prerensed them [ availing tiiemiilies cf tins mode escajie. Tlie . Lai^eie *ere bediming «ery txcled, and ottered t!ie most deiir.-uinel resiiionci?. One ot the policemen recc-veJ a blo» of a candleMick in ihe lace, whk-!i knocked him down, and ictiicttd sooic severe cu;« and bruises ab.ut tbenuse and eyes. Another was knocked down in the ru-h and was ir-m['U-J on, while the face of a third was operated .n by tlie long nails of a ferocious Chinese, who snmed desirous of str^Ulnng out his eyes, a:id, as it was, succeeJid in Ita. ing some st-wre marks Hni it kca.-o! Ins regard. Tue puiict 6-eir.g iiuw things giood tent for rem forcaienif, anJ oa their arrival procured a long rope, with tbe a:d of «bu'h an! tome diZen pair ot hsn icufi* they were enanied to st; ure tifty-fourof their pi is.-r.c-re, whn, in one batch, rirnilv seen ltd werem«rci;ed off to ihe Eisterii 1-jck-iip. About 0OX.1 Ciiicese hai collected, in the vicinity of tht imusi-, and kept y- ling and vociferating l!.e wbnle time, and, together with an immense crowd of persons, accompanied the profession to the watch-house. — BaUarat Star. The CorxT at Cleveland Bay. — The Ckoeiani Bay Kzprin', of tbe 1st, says : — 'Among the new arrivals this week we have tbe pleasure of announcing tbat of Count \'on Attems. This nobleman is taking a tour for pleasure, acd arrived here on Thursday last iu his splendid yacht Hamlet's Ghost Thus beau tiful little vessel its, without exception, the prettiest model we remember to have seen on our waters. Tbe Count last eveuing enter tained several of our leading townsmen with a supper at Wills' Hotel' Th£ Mock Corsi. — The Bri&ane; Courier contains tbe following paragraph: — 'It is pretty well known that the illustrious stranger who 'lately honoured our poor city with bis presence, under the style, title and dignity of tbe Couut von Atlems, is the individual who, in our Sydney telegram on Tuesday, was said to have obtained large advances in tbat city oc fictitious papers. We are sony to say that he managed during his short stay here to walk into the good graces of some of our citizene, and to make rather heavy drafts on their bankers. His countship, it will be remem bered, left Brisbane in tbat renowned craft tbe Hamlets Ghost, the history of which vessel ought to be written some day ; and he has last been heard of at Cleveland Bay. A warrant is out for his apprehension, and troopers have been despatched overland from Port Denison to eeenre him if possible before he makes a descent on our friends in Batavia. We failed to notice the Count as be deserved wben he was in Brisbane, but should be visit us again, especially with the order which the .Sheriff uf Queensland desires to confer on him on his breast, and Mr. Seymour's decorations at hie wrist, we Bhall endeavour to make amends for our former neglect of Son Altesse.' Pbofosed Railway to MARTBOROtGH. — Messrs. Bowman, Farrell, M'Kean and Wil liams waited upon the hon. tbe Commissioner of Railways, with a view of ascertaining the in tentions uf the Government with regard to a railway to Maryborough. Tbe Chief Engineer and the Secretary «f liailways ?was present during tbe interview. Misers. Bowman, Far rell, and Williams severally advocated tbe run ning of the line via (JactUmaine, through Mai dou, Moorlat and Carisbrook, stating that the distance was less, thereby effecting a saving in freight ; and that the engineering difficulties and slightly higher cost of the line tbey sup ported over that viz Ballarat, would be com pensated for by the saving in the working ex|ienses. The Chief Engineer explained tbat only peliminary surveys had been made of the line to Castletnaine via Ballarat, Ouildford, and Maldon. There was no estimate as U the cost of the line via Maldon, bnt that via Guildford and Newstead had been estimated at £332,01 1, or £9913 per mile, for a distance of thirty-two miles and a ball The line via Maldon was ehorter five miles and six chaius, but tbe engi neering difficulties would be greater. There was, however, in his opinion nothing in tbe' difference of cost to warrant any decided pre ference for the line via ballarat He was under the orders of the Minister with regard to any further report ; but owing to tbe requirements uf due uvciu uue, aii wuuiu uv uiiucuib mi matte one now. Mr. Jones said the department bad taken no action in tbe matter, and it would not do so without giving all concerned time to come in and establish their claims. There could, of course, eventually be a line between Ballarat and Castlemaine, taking in Mary borough ; but at present the Government only iutended to deal with the Ovens line, which would occupy about two years and a half in completion. The whole energies of the depart ment would be concentrated there ; and that finished, consideration would be given to the claims of other districts. The deputation then withdrew. — Herald. CmusTjAXisrsG the Aborigines.— Alluding to a story told by an hon. member in the Assembly when the vote for the aborigines was under discussion, the Ararat and Pleasant Creek Advertiser says: — 'The circumstances upon which the tobacco incident was founded occurred to the late Mr. Edward Stone Parker, who, for many yi-ars, acteil as black protector at Mount Frankiin. Mr. Parker was visited by Mr. Latrobe, and during the stay of that gentleman he expressed himself as much in terested in the aboriginals, but held doubts as to the probability of reclaiming and christianis ing them ; Mr. Latrobe being of opinion that no influences would make much perceptible change upon their condition as a race. This view was strongly combalted by Mr. Parker, who, wish ful to prove liis theory correct, invited Mr. Latrobe to accompany him to a place where one of tbe tribe* was located, and amongst whom were three or four christianised aboriginals who had proved themselves thoroughly con sistent since they had yielded to tbe precepts and teachings of tlie missionaries. The two gentlemen proceeded to a number of mi-mis situated on a rise of Mount Franklin, an-1 Mr. Parker, having ascertained that his proteges were within, called them outside. Now it had unfortunately fallen out that the supplies of flour had not been served out from the station th»t morning, and the inmates were not in tbe best of humour ; but this fact was not known to Mr. Parker, who, on seeing them emerge, failed to delect that appearance of calm and cheerful resignation which he expected to Bee upon their dusky visages. He nevertheless in vited one Billy, who was the most promising of the lot, ' to gib it hallelujah.' Billy'* under lip bong very ominously at the request, and, in stead of replying, he snuffled his no-e with his blanket, and added a prefix to hallelujah which he had learned from the less respectable society ofbu'lock-drivers, and which was rattier con demnatory than otherwise : ' ? bulleloa yee ! you gib it flour.' Mr. Parker turned on his heel without speaking, and walked in silence and discomfort home, followed by his equally silent companion. From that period Mr. Parker's views of the aboriginal question were less Utopian and more practical.' A Eemedv fob DiPHTHEfUA. — In the Avs (ration Medical Journal, fur August, is a paper by Mr. John Blair, L.B.C.S., on diphtheria, in which several cases are quoted attesting tbe efheacy of xylo-styptic etfaer in causing ex pulsion of the false membrane lining tbe thruat which is » feature in die disease. But tbe most practically useful suggestion in the paper to non-medical readers is tliat about tlie occasional limitation of Hie disease to particular dwellings, a* if the bouses themselves were the source uf infection. In three different houses, after ? child had died of diphtheria, tbe rest of the family were sent from home, and remaiued ?bieat until all danger from infection was sup l.-Si-J to lave i-.a-.i. In eicii :r.s::i=« ibty reaninei on: ,::i. t'-e:r sb^D.-f. but oa tl.crr.tum L .p..e : - .:-0i-e rvi; i* .rid. anJ 1-uaIIv. li.f.-c:. a !. ?«« arc i-:t-.-i:::nus \ --???-? s\ir.:'\ hii;!.:..;. ai. . »;:? i.o;:..i.,: vi.h.r »iii.. out or witMc to icid to i: e suf potUzi-ii I; at they cju.M Lc uniKsUby to live ia. 