OORAMITNDUY. FROM A OORUEsroNDENT. March 20. — Water Supply. — Nothing seems likely to' he done by tlm Government towards givinc us the means of securing a supply nf water, which certainly is a great drawback to this plnon. ns if there wns a permanent supply, no doubt thero would be three times the amount of traffic through the plnce to what there is now. ns it is beyond dispute that this is tho host rnnd to Wngzn Wagga and the Riverine districts from tho southern nnd western districts, an I I think the least tho Go vernment might do is to construct dams, after tlin many thousands of pounds that havo been paid into tho Troasury sinco tho township was marked out. nnd there has never been a single shilling laid out for the benefit of tho district excepting for the clearing of a lino of road through the township, which is of no earthly. uso to the district. Had the money expended on that, with some more ndded to it, been spent in making us a couple of good dams, ono for stock, nnd one for the use of the townspeople and travellers for domestic purposes, it would have been of a great'dcal moro benefit to ' the town and district in general, besides being a great boon to travellers. Some eighteen months since Mr Surveyor Bolton took great troublo in choosing and marking out tho best sites for the proposed dams, but I believe whon the plans of the creek with the proposed sites for the dams marked on it, wero sent to Sydney, they were objected to by a certain person who said there were better places on the creek than those proposed. All above the proposed places is purchased ground nnd fenced in, and unless you go away from tho town some miles there would be no place that a dam could be made, while anywhere below the proposed places would catch all the silt and drainngo from tho main road and township, in fact, better sites could not bo picked out than those chosen by Mr Bolton. Of course, there are persons who might havo motives for trying to get the dams elsewhere, but for the public good in general tho; already chosen sites could not bo bettered. Racks. — St. Patrick's Day was observed here as a holiday, and a first-rate day's racing took plnco at Mr Barnes's Albion Hotel, and I was very glad to see so many smiling faces on tho course to do honour to St. Patrick; in fact, on account of these . being the first races which havo been got up hero ' as by-raccs I did not expect to see so many pro- sent. nnd I havo no doubt tho next meeting on St. Patrick's Day will be far better attended, as I . believe it is Mr Barnes's intention to hold them annually. I subjoin an account of running : — , First race of 37. ; for all hacks that nover started , inanyjraoe; mile heats; carrying nino stone. Won by Mr Olark'cs Holyhnck, heating four others, j Seoond race of 57. ; for all hacks that never won a race; 2 miles, one event; carrying 10 stono. Won J by Mr Powell's Lvdia, beating throe others. Third race of 32.; for all horses beaten during tho first two races ; 1J mile, catch weights. Won by Mr Lovett's Seaman, beating two others. The fourth rnco for ladies did not fill, so it fell to the ground. Fifth raco ; Iiurry scurry of 22, Won by Mr Butt's Dido, beating six others. This being the wind up in tho racing, and people being well satisfied with their day's sport, they re turned to the Albion, where host Barnes, in his ustinl style, had a sumptuous dinner free for all visitors, and too much praiso cannot bo given lor the way in which it was got up, and I was very glad to see ample justice dono to it, and every ono seemed pleased with the way in which the day had been sfent. Tho prizcB, Fmall as they were, seemed to please their winners just as much as if they had been twico ns largo, and were paid over as soon ns dinner was over, when tho usual toasts wero drank in champagne, and immediately after the visitors returned to tho bnll-room and dancing commenced, and was carried on until daylight tho following morning, when every person returned home hoping to spend such a day again next year in honour of St. Patrick. Waxt of Petty Sessioxs. — The want of a Court of Petty Sessions is very badly felt here, persons having to go a distance of twenty- fivo to thirty miles to tlio nearest court on tho most trivial cases. I believe the inhabitants are about getting up a petition to tho Government for tho establishment of ono as sood as possible. TnE Gap Raxob Murders. — As might havo been naturally supposed, superstition lias planted a ghost at tho scene of this fearful tragedy. We mentioned in our last issue that thehouso in which the murders were committed had been abandoned, and that the man who had taken charge of Oon- roy's sheep had located himself in the dctachod building Irom which Mrs Conroy emerged on tho fatal night, only to meet tho same doom as hor husband and others. Sinco then it would appear that some persons hnd temporarily taken up their abode in tho. main building, nnd on the first night of their Bleeping there a hand described as heavy as that of a human creature passed over their bodies while they laid in bod. On the second night by the light of the fire which we havo referred to as burning alt night, in tho place where the shep herd slept, a figure dressed in black was seen in tho room where tho murders were perpetrated. The superstitious may probably suppose that it was Thnt figure clothed from head to foot. Which keeps the kejs of all the creeds. However, one thing is certain, that so alarmed were all thoso at the farm house, temporary so journers, and tiio shephord, that they havo abandoned tho place and havo pitched their camp on the bank of tho creek. We suppose that as soon as the eldest son has administered to his father's effects, if tho old man died intestate, be will have the good senso and discretion to pull down the whole of the buildings and consume them by firo. Such a course would probably be pandering to superstitious instincts, but as such cannot ordinarily be overcome, it would bo as well co adopt the course pointed out, than leavo such a monument of tho atrocities as would remind passers-by of the scene of so much barbarity. The prisoner Munday continues to exhibit no remorse, and is seemingly quito rational on the subject of his past atrocious career. Tho medical officer of tho gaol, Dr. O'Connor, is perfectly satisfied as to tho culprit's sanity, but wo suppose that when he is put upon his trial the jury will be dirooted to take evidence as to his ability to plead. Tho fact of Munday having been , an inmate of the Penton- villo model prison goes somewhat in favour of his insanity, ns tho system carried on there when that reformatory (P) institution was first established was undoubtedly calculated to impair tho brair. of thoso unfortunates who underwent punishment at thnt place. MAGISTERIAL INQUIRY. — Owing to the illness of Dr. Blake, the district coroner, a magisterial in- quiry was held by Dr. O'Conner, at the Fortune of War hotel, on view of the body of a man, name unknown. Sub-inspector Brennan said, that as the coroner was unable to attend, and Dr. Camp- bell was absent on a professional call, he had been obliged to request him (Dr. O'Conner) to hold a magisterial enquiry and also to view the body, in order to state what was the cause of death. The sub-inspector then deposed: About one o'clock yesterday Mr Broughton reported to me that his shepherd had seen a man dead in the bush ; I pro- ceeded out in company with constable Hayes and Mr Broughton, and about a mile from Humewood, on the track to Mr Brassil's, I found the deceased, on whom the enquiry in now held, lying about one or two yards from a large tree, quite dead, he was lying on his right side with his knees and arms drawn upwards to his face ; he was very much burnt, on the upper portion of his body the clothes being also burnt off ; I consider deceased to be between sixty and seventy ; deceased had laid op- posite a fire made against a tree ; the grass was burnt to near where deceased lay ; the body was found about two yards from the tree ; there was no swag with deceased ; the coat and shirt were pulled partly over his head ; there were no marks of violence whatever upon the body except the burns ; I am of opinion that deceased got up when his clothes caught fire, and when endeavouring to draw his shirt off he fell, as there was no fire up to where the body laid ; the body laid six or seven yards from the track, and could be seen by persons passing by ; the remains of a coat, match box, and pipe were found where he lay; I have not the slightest knowledge at present who deceased is ; I had the body removed to Yass. — The enquiry was then adjourned till two o'clock for the evidence of Mr Broughton and the shepherd who had first found the body. Mr Broughton had been warned in the usual way, to be present at eleven o'clock. Dr. O'Connor said that it would be as well to issue a summons so as to compel attendance. At two o'clock the enquiry was resumed, when Mr sub- inspector Brennnn called Elias Küber, who de- posed that he is a shepherd in the employ of Messrs. Barber and Broughton, at Humewood; on yesterday morning, when shepherding his flock, he saw something on the run which he took to be a log, and on approaching it saw it was the body of a man ; he sent word to Mr Broughton. Henry Bingham Broughton deposed that he went out and saw the body as described by the last witness, and gave information to the police, whom he accom- panied to where the body lay ; he had now seen the body again, and although he could not positively recognise it, believed it to be that of James Young, who had been in his employ. This closed the en- quiry. Carriage is very soarco at present in Yass. and a considerable quantity of wheat is in store wait ing conveyance to N'nttui. We understand that the price given between tlio two places is 27. 10s. a ton, or even something moro and as tlio storekeepers in tlio interior nre getting ud their winter stock pre vious to tho wet season Betting in, back carriago is easily procured. The Weather. — The new moon, which it was expected would havo brought a oliango of weather, threatens to reign over a dry month. Tho farmers could do with a little wet just now. Tho corn is somewhat back in its growth, and the soil has a hard crust. Emiiezzlemext at the Commercial Baxk, Youxo. — We sincerely regret to learn that the rumour which was stated in our Inst issue to be prevalent in town has proved to bo too truo. The defaulter is Mr Isidore Maurice Blake, and we believe he was a teller in the bank, lie absconded about ten or twelve days ago. The deficiencies in his accounts nppoar to bo much larger than was at first supposed. It iB stated at the present timo that they amount to about 25002. Besides falsifications of customers' and bank books the fraud has been in part accomplished by means of erroneous entries of fixed deposits. It will be some time before all tho recoiptsin theso cases can be called in, and thereforo the stated amount of deficiency is only an approximation. Tho last timo Mr Blake was seen after leaving Young was at Binalong at dark, ho was then riding and lead ing a spare horse. Besides tho inspector of tho Bank a clork has teen sent up from Svdnoy to nnsini in nnilWiniT Hio noiiAiinta Supreme Court, Wednesday, March 25. — Exparte McEvoy. — This was a motion on rule nisi to set aside, by prohibition, a judgment in tho District Court, Gundagai. by Mr District Court Judgo Francis, awarding 202. damages against the applicant in an action brought against him by one Jones, of Terrabandra, for trespass upon the lands of tlio latter. Tlio ground upon which it was sought to set aside such judgment was that this applicant wns not a resident within tho jurisdiction of tho District Court at Gundagai. but resided con tinually at Studley Park, near Melbourne, and only visited his station (near which was Jones's placo, said to havo been trespassed upon) at long intervals. This was sworn to. But it appearod on tho other hand — 1. That M'Evoy had been resident for some timo at tho station, and during such residenco had given certain directions, which led to tho trespass com plained of. 2. That M'Evoy, having been formerly sued in tho District Court at Gundagai, in another case brought agrinst him as resident at this sta tion, had satisfied tho judgment obtained in such ease. 3. That, for the purposes of the Grown Lands Alionation Act, M'Evoy had declared him self a resident in this colony. Tho court dismissed tho application, with costs, holding that for tho purposes of tho District Courts Act, a man might have two residences, and that there was sufficient evidence of M'fivoy's residenco at the station in question to givo jurisdiction to the District Court at. Gundagai. The discrepancy between tho ap plicant's present affidavit (of his permanent resi dence near Melbourne), and his declarations under the Grown Lands Alienation Aot (oi his resid noe in this colony) was alluded to by two members of tlio court — Mr Justice Hargravo and Mr Justice Faucott — as something discreditable to such ap plicant. — S. M. Herald. ' Trial of Griffix for tne Olermoxt Escort Murder. — A telegram in tho Brisbane Courier, from Rockhampton. dated March 20th. states' that tho case for tlio Grown in Griffin's trial is still being proceeded with, and there are many moro wit nesses yet to bo examined before it is concluded. Tho ovidenco against tho prisoner is generally thought to be very Btrong. Notwithstanding the lengthy and minute cross-examination by the pri soner's counsol. tho principal portion of tho evi dence of the witnesses for tho Crown remains un shaken. Too Maxy Tripods. — It is estimated that there are no less tlinn 5000 kangnroos on Ihule station, between tho Murray and Edward. The grass which they consuino is equal in quantity to about tho samo number of sheep (5000.) A party is em ployed to shoot the kangaroos, and ns rifles are used, the ball often passes through tho kangaroos in partB sometimes not vital for the moment. In two or three days after, tlio kangaroos thus wounded are almost invariably found dead some two or tlireo miles from tho spot where they were fired at — Pastoral Times. Fexiaxs. — Yesterday (says Tuesday's Empire ) a number of roughs, wearing green ribbons in their hats, were seen in various parts of the city, extremely " flush," being fresh from Hokitika via Melbourne, en route for tho Gympie diggings. It is just possible that the proclamation of tho Treason Felony Bill, to bo seen in every direction on tho walls of tho city, may slightly cause them to alter their tune. Recovery of Prixce Alfred. — Visit of H.R.H. to the Galatea. — It is exceedingly gratifying to know that his Royal Highness has sufficiently re covered his health and strength to bo ablo to visit his noble ship and noble- hearted shipmates again. On Tuesday morning bis Royal Highness roso early and during the furonoon proceeded to tho upper- portion of the Inner Domain, where he remained some time while the marines of the naval squadron in port wero being oxeroised. Shortly afterwards be resolved upon paying a visit to his ship ; and he felt himself so far advanced on the way to con valescence that, with the aid of a stick, he was en abled to walk through tho Government House gardens to tho Government jetty, where his barge and her crew were waiting to convey him on board the Galatea. Ilis visit was entirely unexpected ; but as soon ns the Sailor Princo was descried from the ships of war lying in Farm Cove, the men mnn- ned the rigging, and as the boat passed on her way to the Galatea, tho blue jackets gave three hearty cheers, with which his Royal Highness seemed very much gratified. The cheers were taken up and re-echoed by a number of seamen on Garden Island, and when tho Princo reached the deck of his own ship he was received with the utmost en thusiasm. His Royal Highness could scarcely con trol hia feelings, and was compelled to retire to his cabin until ho felt moro composed. He then looked through his ship nnd examined what had been dono in tho way of refitting her ; after which, between 1 and 2 o'clock, ho returned on Bhore, his depar ture being mado the occasion of another hearty outburst of cheering. With rogard to tho wound in the back of his Royal Highness, a faint scar is all that remains to mark tho spot which caused so much apprehension in the publio mind. His Royal Highness is now enabled to moyo about tho houBO without artificial support ; be is in exeoilontspirits, and much gratified at his progress towards com plete recovery. Dr. Young, who during a grcntor part of tho time that his Royal Highness has boon ill, lias been assisted by Dr. Watson of tlio Chal lenger, nnd Dr. Powell of the Galatea, still remains in immediate attendance upon the Princo. — Herald , Important from the Gympie Dinoixosi. — Tha following tulegrams from tlio Colonial Secretary of Queensland, have been received by tho Colonial Secretary of New Soutfr Wales Brisbane. March 21\. — Tho rush now taking plnce from Sydnoy I and other places to the Gympie and Kolan dig gings is a very senseless one. So far as this Government aro aware. Gvmpio is a good per manent. diggings for a limited number, but is moro than fully occupied. Tho Acting Commissioner reports most unfavourably of the Kolan, and predicts great want and destitution among the hundreds now rushing 'there. March 23. — Tho J rush to the diggings recently reported in tho vicinity of Gayndah is quite unwarranted ; nnd I would ask you to givo publicity to tlio fact that ncithor at Gympie Creek nor elsewhere in this colony are the yields such as to justify tho expect ation of certain sticoess. No doubt much gold has beon taken out. Some few havo made money, but an immensely large proportion of tho peoplo havo been losers by throwing up certain employment to swell the numbers of diggers. The tiling has boen greatly ovordone. and I would wish to caution peoplo not to be too sanguine of success at any of our gold-fields. Timo and enterprise may develop richer fiolds. There is already a iargor population than the gold-field can main tain. baeaon of tne Treason Felony Act.— On Tuesday last, at tho Qoulburn Polioo Court, beforo the Polioe Magistrate, Bartholomew Twomcy was charged with a breach of the Treason Folony Act. Senior-sergeant Fenton deposed: I arrested pri soner this morning on a charge of having, on tlitf 23rd instant, used languago disrespectful to her Most Gracious Majesty, by saying " it served tho Princo right, ho had no business in this country ;" in reply prisoner said " whore P who hoard me P'' I said at Mr Topham'a. Georgo Topliam, pub- lioan, Qoulburn. deposed: I saw the prisoner last night at my house with a lame man : tho man before the court (James Froeney) is tho man; £ heard them talking nbout tho Prince: I under stood them to mean tho Duke of Edinburgh ; Frecney snid it was a pity to shoot him ; prisoner said it served him right, or words to that effect, he had no right in tho country ; prisoner had been in my house about two hours ; he camo nbout nino o'clock; prisoner had beon drinking but was not drunk; Freency wns moro drunk than prisoner: they bad only ono glass of rum each lit my houso with which I served them, hut Frecney hnd a bottle from which both drank ; I beard no other conversation about tho Princo ; no ono else wag present. James Freenoy deposed : I saw the pri soner last night; 1 was drinking with hint somewhere ; I believe I said it was a pity tlio Prineo was shot; I believe tho prisoner said it served him right; I had been drinking nnd am in the hnbit of doing so, and was dealt with hero yesterday and to-day; wo wero speaking of tho Duke of Edinburgh : I suppose it was him ; soma nonsense passed; I did not say it served him right. Prisoner, who said nothing, was committed to take his trial at the next Circuit Court. Bail allowed— prisonor in 1502., and two sureties in 752\. ench. —Qoulburn Herald. The TicnnouxK Baronetcy.— Mr Otto Berliner, of tho Private Inquiry office, is now, it seems, in Gipps Land, making investigations in roforenco to Tom De Oastro. alias Thomas Orton, one of tho claimants of tlio' Tiehborno baronetcy. Hia endeavour is to prove that, although Sir Roger, whilst in humble circumstances in Gipps Land, assumed tho name of Thomas Orton, ho was by no means identical with tho butcher of that namo in Hobart Town,— Border Post. Gioaxtio Squatting Oases. — In tho Supremo Court, on Monday, decision was given in M'Evoy ti. Severno and others ; Severno and others v. M'Evoy. Tho nrgumcnt in tho first named case was resumed and concludod, and the court gave judgment in both cases. They wero both motions for now trial. That of Severno nnd others ti. M'Evoy had been argued first, and judgement therein hud been reserved until the argument in M'Evoy v. Soverno and others Hhould have been concludod. Tho suits in which these motions were made were cross nc- tions for trespass. Tho litigants wore squatters, holding contiguous stations on the Murrumbidgee, near Hay, Mr M'Evoy 's station being called Wol- londore, and the station of tho Messrs. Severno being known as Benduok. Tho principal object in each suit was to determine the possessory right of tho contending parties ns to n strip of country about fifteen miles in length nnd half a milo in width, lying on the boundaries of the two stations, and claimed by the lessees of both. Tho verdict in these two actions wore opposed to eaoh otbor. That is to say, tho Messrs: Severne had obtained a verdict in tho first ease, while Mr M'Evoy had suc ceeded in tho other. Rules nisi for new trials had beon granted in both cases. Tho Attorney-Gene ral, Mr Stephen, and Mr Darley, appeared for tho Mr M'Evoy, and Sir William Manning, Q.O., and Mr Davis for tho Messrs. Severno. Tho evidence in these eases had been very voluminous and conflict ing, nnd the arguments upon such evidence had beon equally so, ranging over many days. Each side maintained that tha evidence sustained thoir view of the case, and commented elaborately upon tho evidence to sustain this view. Their honors, although fully alive to the difficulties which might Jiussiuiy result trom the existenco of two conllict- ing verdicts, were unnblo, in accordance with their settled practice, to seo that tho verdiot was " de monstrably wrong " in either caso, and were con sequently unable to disturb the verdict. — Herald. Tub Drowninu of the Bishop of Grafton and two Others. — Tho missing bodies of tho Bishop of Grafton nnd Artnidnle, of bis son. How- ley Sawyer, and female servant, Sarah Southgnte, were continued to bo dragged for till nearly dark on Monday week, but without success. The search was renewed at daylight on Tuesday morning, and about seven o'clock Mr Cottio discovered the body of Sarah Southgato near the placo where the other three persons were rescued, nnd apparently float ing up the stream with tlio flood tide, Mr Oottia oallod the attention oF Mr Henry to it, and tha latter immediately pulled to the place indioated and secured the body. It was taken to one of tha back wings of the Bishop's residenco. and laid on an improptu stretcher, awaiting the inspection of tlio coroner and a 'jury. Tho dress appeared to ba but little disarranged, her watch being in tho body of the dress, and the chain outsido across the chest. From the fact of her floating up with the flood tide, it is conjectured that tho body muBt havo risen to the surfnee during tho latter part of tho pre vious ebb, and floated, perhaps as far as tho sand- spit which juts out from the lower end ot tha island, nnd then brought back again. Tho jury viewed the body about eleven n.m., tho- particulars of which, and the funoral, will be found further on. About hnlf a dozen boats continued to drag for tha bodios of tho Bishop and hia son, mostly between the plnce where Mr Oreighton' and others wera rescued and the upper point of the island. About half-past two p.m. Messrs. Diokson and Tombs discovered the body of Master Sawyer, and re moved it to the place where the body of Sarah Southgato was laid, and on a stretcher near, her side. He was found floating in the same vicinity, and could not have been long on the surface, as a -very eareful look out was kept. When laid on the stretcher bis features wero very composed,, ana if it hnd not been for tho facts that had transpired ho looked as if nsleep. It will be romembered thnt he laid down in the boat, covered by Mr Creighton's coat, and wns believed to bo asleep when the accident occurred. Perhaps the poor little fellow never woke, and hence the placid cast of his features when found. It iB stated that Mnster Hewley Sawyer, although so young, was a very manly little fellow, and of an exoellent dis position. The efforts of the boatmen were not re laxed on the finding of Master Sawyer, as muoh confidence waB felt that the body of his lordship would rise to the surface. Nor did these expecta tions failj It \fftB about four p.m., samo day, Tuesday, that Mrs Mcston. as wo have been in- formed, discovered, through a lorgnette, tho hnir floating on tho water, about the same plaoo as tho others. Sho communicated this to a Mr Green, I who conveyed the news to the Bishop s residenco. A boat was soon at the spot, pulled by Mr Dick- I son and others. Tho body of his lordship was brought to tho house, and laid on tho stretcher where that of Sarah Southgate had laid, hut now bein" interred. A slight bruise was on tho nose, going to confirm the opinion of Mr Croighton that 1 the boom of tho sail struck his lordship as the boat capsized. Otherwise no mirks where found on his person, hut the effect of the water and de composition setting in, it would havo been difficult to reongniso tho features as those ot the Bishop of I Gr.iftotfnnd Armidale.— Grafton Observer. Tub Attempted Assassination' op tub Ddice of Edinburgh. — Meetings espressivo of horror and indignation at the act continue to be held in Sydney au 1 throughout tho rural districts. On Monday tho brothers of tho Royal Orange institu tion met on-1 adopted an address in which occurs the following passage : — " Unwilling, on tho arri val of your Highness, to do anything which would he considered hurtful to tho feelings of nny of our fellow colonists, we refrained from rondering our congratulations as Orangemen, but conceive that present circumstances warrant our nnw express ing our feeling of love to your Royal Highness per sonally from your worth and merit, kindness and courtesy, ovidenocd during your stay amongst us. and our indignation at the most detestable crimo which has ever sullied this fair land." On tho snme evening a meeting of tho members of the Guild of St. Mary and St. Joseph was held at St. Mary's seminary. The Rev. Father McCarthy supported tho adoption of the following address to his Royal Highness " May it please your Royal Highness. — We. the chaplain; warden, and council of tho above fratornity. desire to ex press in the most distinct nnd emphatic manner our horror and detestation of tho diabolical and dastardly outrngo committed on your Royal High ness whilst the honoured guest of this colony, and to assure you of our heartfelt sympathy in the suffuribg of your Royal Highness, endeared by many acts of gentle princely courtesy to all elasses of her Most Gracious Majesty's subjects in these colonics, nnd not tho least to tho members of that great Church of which wo form a humble portion. Wo earnestly pray Almighty God speedily to re store you to your wouted health and strength, as well as to guard and protect you from all enemies. We also desire to assure you of our loyalty to her Majesty the Queen, your royal mother, and our un alterable attachment to tho constitution and laws of tho colony." Tho meeting broke up with three cheers for tho Queen, three for the Prince, three more for the Earl and Countess of Belmoro, which were given with great enthusiasm. — The Queensland Guardian of the 17th has the fol lowing " During tho examination in London, at Bow-street Police Offiee, in December last, of the Fenian prisoners Burke nnd Casey, certain letters were read by tho counsel for the prosecution, the cimtents of which, probably unnoticed at tho time have now. we fancy, a terrible significance. On< letter predicted, " a largo sale of crape ir Germany." And ns this evidently referred to tin murder of either some prominent German, or o somo one connecteu wiui uermnny, wo may not unreasonably connect the expression with tho Duke of Edinburgh, who will some day be a sovereign prince in Germany, and who is much beloved by tho German people." Tho dramat'c critic of tho Leader (Melbourne) writes: — The Messrs. Lyster hnva got themselves into hot wator at Ballarat, and it sectns to mo very much as if they deservod it. Ono of them, at least, has either been talking treason or he has been very much misrepresented. Whichever it is, I think tho best thing for tho Messrs. Lyster to do is to take tho step they threatened so long ago, nnd let California liavo the benefit of Lheir presence. People here, they may bo assured, will not tolerato people who dare utter such language as is imputed to Mr F. Lyster, if not to his brother." The snme journal in somo leading remarks says: — "it becomes a question whether there is not a conflict between the speeches and the real sentiment of the publio gatherings which havo been held throughout the colony of Victoria during the lust ten days, Gentlo speakers havo avowed their roadiness to believe that O'Fnrrell is a lunatio. If this bo the case, then these meetings lose nearly all thoir 6iguifieftnco. Surely it does not require thousands and tons of thousands of the manhood of Victoria to assemble in public meeting to disavow sympathy with lunacy! However charitably or expediently individual speakers may choose to put forward tho plea of madness, tho ingrained opinion of ninety- nino out of every hundred persons who have attended these meetings is that the man wns tho instrument of a disloyal and treasonable associa tion, and their deep denunciations are not de nunciations of madnoss but of murderous treason." The Courier is informed by persons resident in Duninynng that tho miscreant O'Fnrrell, who shot nt the Duke of Edinburgh, was for a few months I resident in that town, ho having been appointod clerk of petty sessions by the first O'Shannssy Ad ministration, but owing to some irregularity in his department, after a few months' service, lie was cither dismissed or suspended, or thought it ex pedient to resign. — On Tuesday the nativo-born Australians held an indignation meeting at the Victoria Theatre, Mr John Campbell in the chair. Amongst tho numbor present were tho Hon. Geoffroy Eagar, M.L.A., Messrs. S. 0. Brown, J. Lackay, Thornton, Lord, Burdekin, and other mem bers of tho Legislative Assembly who aro natives of the colony, as well as a largo numbor of other well-known gentlemen who own Now South Wales as' their birthplaco. Resolutions and an address to his Royal Highness were passed with acclama tion. Tho business of the meeting concluded by Mr Waller singing the National Antnem, Mr Ander son playing tho accompouiment on tho pianoforte. The Protestant Hall Outrage.— Tho trial of the prisoners concerned in tho Protestant Hall outrage was concluded on tho 20th, after having occupied the Supremo Court for five days. It ended in tho acquittal ol all tho prisoners ; but at its conclusion a second information was laid against them by the Grown, for shooting at John Cain, with intent to do him grievous bodily harm. The Crown Prosecutor at first asked the same bail . for the prisoners ns they gave for tho previous trial ; but ns his honor declined to impose such heavy terms — namely 400/, each, with two sureties of 200/. each — Air Dunne left the matter to his honor's decision, who ordered tho elder Clarke and Girvan to find security to the amount of 100/. each. Tho three Mitchell'b and Hines he directed to enter into their own porsonal recognizances of 25/. each, and for the younger Olarke he declined to imposo any terms, saying he thought tho lad should not be triod again. As tho case is now so familiar to the publio, it would be almost super fluous to say more nbout it than the trial just ovor has beon conduoted by nil Bides without nny reforenee to party feelings, and thnt no arguments have been used which could be likely to irritate the prejudices of any class or section of tho com munity. — Melbourne Herald. A Good Example.— When the men who are en gaged by tho Sydnoy Corporation in keeping clean the streets were paid on Saturday night, they very nobly subscribed, from amongst themselves, tho sum of 20/, towards the funds of tho Prinoo Alfred Memorial. — S. M. Herald. Holloway's Ointment and Pills.— Cheer up. — Sufferers from rheumatism need not despond till a trial has been given to these restorative remedies. Fomentation with warm water, and friction with this invaluable ointment are the i.urest antagonists to rheumatism and gout. The inflammation of the joints soon yields to this treat ment. After rubbing in Holloway's ointment and taking his pills for n.few dayB, the throbbing pain, beat, and swelling begin to subside, tho fever decreases, and the patient feols he can move with out agony, and Bleep calmly without dislocating starts. Holloway's pills contribute to dispol the rheumatio principleifrom the systo-n, facilitate the present recovery, successfully ward off any return of the attack, and confer flexibility and strength upon the injured joint. 