ÜSPARTURE ' Hl'8 »OVAL niOnNES3 '« P R t'N'CE AL FR E.p. . ! Tho Signal of Departure. Yostorday morning, nt 8 o'clock,' tho Stándñrd'of His Uoynl Highness tho Duke pf Edwburgh, quartering his arms "witli those of England, .; was'hoisted at tho main on board "H.IT.S. Galatea,' ' denotingio : all spec- tators: that her B.oyal commander was about to loavo those waters. Simultaneously with this signal, tho Gom 'mo'doro ; hoisted tho Itérai : Standard Jof Englnndjou board H.M. 8. Challenger, arid was followod.byH.M.3.8. ' ?.Gharyhdis.T ahd '. Itosario.; Tho y Challenger,.' tho 'Galatea,'"mid the!Charybdis,1' each' saluted tho Royal standard with twenty-oso guns, and all' tho four ships of war,In'¡Parra Ooyo wore, speedily'docked out jin bunting'from thomsin truok to the deck, and from tho jib^bbohVend to. tlb taffrail The sound of'tho guns, 'woro heard at a groat distanco out of town, and tho salutes,'woro fired so'nearly at.tho samo fimo that lt' was difiloult , to ' count- 'tbo numbar^eft explosions! ' sb1, ' tliat^'j ut ' ''first' -,1 there' waa; 'considerable ¡doúbt as,.,*to<; . tho' ', cause, ; Somo '", thought that it was tho Rosario, - just arrived from tho Capo, 'saluting; tho Commodore,' and tho latter returning the compliment; hut with most porsonB thoro 'was a pre- sentiment,,or, an instinct, which found' utterance in tho Íwords,Tho Prinoo is going/V-or ,1'Tho Prince has gone." ;îV .,-'*"?'; 'V "\ It Boon transpired, that-it having beon considered by His Royal Highness's physicians and, frionas tliat tho state ot his'hoalth ruado him unequal to tho effort of visitirig'Now Zealand, hó liad determined to proceed 'direbt front this colony to "England.''} 8dtürdhy laBt ,'waa' :orfgihaUy fixed . for the 'day>'of his ' dop'ar-' turo,' ; but'.Bubscqkont oventa'cau'sod/ a; "delay until yesterday, when His Excéllehby.'IiOrd ? Bolmoro invited soTOnty-fivo of tho loading colonists tb meet His Royal Highness at Government' House to luncheon "to hid' tho Prince adieu. . ( . j ' ' j '.? The Farewell Luncheon. \t \ " At half-past 12 tho guoBte"bogan .to arrivé at tho Vice-Regal abodo, ana nsthoy carno,: worá, escorted to' tho drawing room.". At 1: o'clock His Upval Highnoss, .entered tho drawing-room, and having, 'shaken hands' with' all prêtent; 'an adjournment was made to luncheon;,' ;.Thoro wore present ¡in attend- ance, .besides ^hotgueativ,'tho-ot Belmoro,. Miss Glndsfóño, Mrs.* Lambert,,¿nd Mrs.; Toulmin. At. tho lù'nohcon Lord Belmore occupied tho chair, having on' his ".right. hand His Hoya! .Highness; on , '. tho "right ¡. ot, j His Itoyali, Highness " wcro .tho v. Countess'.',.,, of Bolmoro. .. and. -,tho . '.Lord. Bishop: : ot ' Sydnay.¿.,,'On hiaExcplIehoyfalpft woro Mrs. Lambert, his/Qraco'Archbisliopi'olding, and Miss 'Gladstone,',- .Messrs.;Martin,,Parlies; Eagar, ByrneB, -¡AVilson, arid Docker" (mombers*, of . tho . Ministry), ¡CeminodbroLañibert, tho.Judges, andpthor influential "geriüomon wbrb - seated/, at,, tho,, Royal " table., .^Lun- cheon having'tó'n", discussed,: L'çrd;Bblmore cdllodj attention,^j^hdi.thtílfirs't'.tbas't^waa ""proposed - "Tho jibeen.'! ;This/haviiía)" been drúníc with enthusiasm, "tho Governor Lord-Jljliuore, again wiled; foi)n toast, .and.said ;,^Lii^ .tho honour to pVo^so- tho health-of-tho Boyal-ghost "of iÑo'wV SbuttiOWalo's^would,. underJriny^'Siroum stanccs, bo rccoiyod-by-this company with tho utmost1 loyalty and.6hthdsiasm,-rhUt!moro especially will jt ba. so now, when wa havoto rejoice at tho escape ot his - Royal HighnoGsifrom an attempt ph his life) atpneo both trcachorouiT andi deliberate ;" whilst wo liavo hümbly.'toTroñdoríúp 'our thanksgiringlto. tho: Great Disposer of ovonta that ha has been.graciously; pleasod to givo visible efToct to tdhosp prayers, which,' ^vcclt" af tor -weok, ascended up to ' His throne'from tho faith- ful subjects Of tho Queén.ufor.tho.iwelfaroíófj hor M jesty, and of ovory- mombor of lier family. I givo ,vou «/-Tlin heaHh'è£:H.-B.ir. thè Dukoof Edinburgh.".. (Tremendouscheering;)vi, í i u After thbciiobringhad subaided^aímostcliókod with emption,, His Royal Highness "said V "jGentlemon, In returning; you. niyj boatjthankslfpr drinking ray health',' I must 'exprpss^my rogrof nt having to bid you' farowoll, and-I take this opportunity bf. thanking you tor the enthusiastic and hospitable' manaor in'wlilch l UavOjbcon recoived and entertained in this as well ns bli .tho. Australian colonies. Tho univoiaal manifoata-' ^ions of . loyalty io" tho ,Queon;and" attachment to hor pcrspn and tlirpuoihavp bro this bcqn,madp known to . inorMajosty, and,'cannot foil to havo ; given" hor tho j jivclipstipleasure.iii inuit.»herc, _hp\voyor,: alludo toj tho-unfortunate .occurronço/: çohncoted,, with .myBolf Tvliich'marred"your festivities; and past a temporary, gloom ovor.tho community.:; ; I. eincerolyrircgrbt, on| your nart,,¡that;tbero should ,hayb.,.hoon".any.onoünpi-, ldôut..uuring[my, sojourn^ amongst rypù,.which,eliould novo detracted from tho general ' satisfaction which Jj ÎçlipvP.'.My. yisiVtp, Australia... has¡_ ¡giyen.,?; Tlio oyont, howovor, cannot in any .degree ehako my conviction of the loyalty of tho colonists nt large,; nop hor Majesty.'e, .confidence in; her Australian ; subjects.. 'Indeed,) thd meotinga,andox*prefitionB of aentimonU which havohoon called forth by tho:rcoenfc attempt on my; lifo will show thoir, follow Bubjectsathomo, and the, world ali large, .that.thoy not only/have loyalty,.but affection for their .Queen and hor family.. ,vlf, thbro.ia any disaffection, (tending: t) disloyalty, amongst any, section of tho ¡com imunityi 'inany pprtion of lipr Majesty's dominions, it will he.tho.du.ty bf tho Government to ; put;,' it down ¡ and I om certain, that hero it will;recoivo evory| sup- port, from,! all .-classes. ."Through tho ^merciful (interposition ofcProvidouco.itho.'injury'I received was tbut.slight, and J belioye.no jfurther ovil opnsequoncos i aro, tis bo anticipated from tho wound ¡'it hoe, howovor, Iboon. considered,that I shall bo.unequal-to any'great loxertion for some .timo, and thoroforo decided that it' "would ba most advisable; for. ma to. return borne direct It is a g eati.disoppointmont fpr mernot to bo ablo to visit Now Zealand, andi am afraid it will'also'vury much disappoint tho pcoplo there.; In thanking you : ono» .moro for i your Inndnejs tb mo during my ¡visit, J must :tolliyou : how much I.iboyfl,.enjoyodUj, and regret.that/it comos io an ond^p day. Boforo I con-, (elude I will'ask you to join me in.a toast I prOppsb 'Prospority,tb.tho.oolony of Now. South "Wales j? and 'as this is tho last opportnnity I.shall h'avoof address- ing, on assembly of: Australians,-1.bog to oouplo¡willi' .tho.toait ' Prosperity to all the Australian colonias.' ;i Tho.toast:having been drunk, his Royal-Highness,: 'takiog Lady Bolmoro.ort his arm, bowed and. left tho :room immediately,.followod'by all preBont ; .1 ) ,;"r ci "tiip.-n Farewell- ; '^'j-'isi ' ~" » Tho wholo' of tho fféntlomon .'who had '.beon Invited to .moot'!H¡B'Royal llighncas ot Government1 Hbbsb 'on .tho ovo of hie doparturo romnlnod,' as if byj corri moa'-consont. aftor thS conclusion of h's add roes, -to.- accompany ? him on .: ¡his' cmharkjition. Tho. nowa of His Iioyal Highness's intended departure, -'although ovCry moana lind boen, taken to keep -itr'ns. privato aa possible,1 had-novortholossoozod out j arid; 'whon tho Duke, accompaniod hy his ' fiionds, ' reached tho Government-jolty, thoy. found thousands of .. enthusiastic : citizons ' waiting . to bid tho illustrious guest fnrowoll. Tho. jetty-waa lined by'a' company of tho 50th Rpgimont, and tho? Prince's ?barges were waiting nlongeido tho pier. On reaching his boat, tho Princo wasgreotod willi deafonlng oheors, 'nnd beforo.thoy hud subsidod,- tho' cannon of tho Gala-: tea and. othor, VCSSOIB of war thundered forth their parting salutes,' Thu smoko of their guns- eoori con-' coaled tho Galatea's bargo, with tho Royal guost.'frora vlow, and amidst salvos of England's artillery, tho. Dubo loft thothoros of Australia, accompanied by tho lieurtfolt wishes of thousands of throbbing hearts fan his nnfo return to bia nativo land, and to tho arms of his widowed and anxious mother. - ? .i Tho Departure. Whoa tho Dalco loft Oovernmont IIouso (about half-past 2) tho ltoyal Standoru waa _immediately' hauled down nod replaced'by tho Union .Jack." 'A strong body of polico and military waa stationed, along tho rood to tl)o placo of embarkation, and pro- ventos! tho crowd from incommoding tho Trinco in their anxiety to tnko n parting glanooat him; and Iiis Jloynl Highness, who was droned in plain ulotltos, and attended by bin eiiiSo and n number of gontlomon, walked rapidly to whoio his bargo lay; but bofpr-, outcring, shook hauds.and cordially bado-faroivóll'-to' tim IVmliop of Sydney,tho Atlornoy- Qonorol,aml Many (ithnr gentlemen who bud escorted him from G0vorn mont J lon si-. Tho Priinta was then i rowed, t{> thV (Inlitto.i, hoing heartily ohoorod'hy tho tieoplo' assem- bled, mid enluten being llrcd from the OhallonjKUv tho1 CLurybilip, and hm own vessel. ? Tho íormor(boln¿ tho Comm. doro's iflhlp) and.'tho iGalafoa/.oaoh lind- tho lloynl Standard oí KngliUsd at tho main ; all tliolmon of-war jnannod their yordu, arid togcthoi' .with )nany of tho vcesela.miiarboiir, wore gaily ,decorated, from j truck to dook with bunting. Steamers and »ailing and rowing boata wero 'hovering ' round the nob'lb frigate ; ono oteante* ' having on board a band, which played alternately "God aavo tho Qftoen," and "llulo Britatiniai" whilo on allora hundreds of peonlo linod tho shore in ovorv diroction I whore lt was ponai bia to obtain a vtuw of tho vessel", and univoreal regret was «ixpressod nt tho Duke's de- parture, oouplod with a general WÍBIÍ for his safo and speody possngo Homo. About 3 o olook emolió was observed issuing from tito funnels of tho Galatea, and this fact conclusively Bot at rest all provious doubts OB to. her intended doparturê, though it was understood thnt tho vessel would not lenvo until tho tido sorvod, ; namely, hotweon 0 and, 7 p.m.' By 4~ o'olook tho, crowd on eh'oro had muoli '> increased, > and hundreds woro afloat in boats. . Thoro was apro pondon nco of. lidies prosent, and all seemed determined to doliohour to his Boyal Highness ónloaving tho Bhoresof1 Australia. As the timo drewon^ tho crowds'fl oking to tho scene, inoreaeod,' until somo thousands wera assomblod, and tho number of la'dios present causod tho shoro torosomblo a Jiving. portorro' bf 1 bright ' colours. '-- Two' of tho Galatea's ,boats, which'hoa boon waiting for tho Hon.. , Eliot Yorke brid, others ,b£\ tho Prince's tuite, put off, for tho frigate, arid tho général anticipation was that a start would soon,bo made. In consoquonco, howovor, of tho Galateb'a'draiight of water being 23,foot, it was nocossary to Wait until '.tho ' tide served. Tho yaplit squadron addoda vory.ploasing foaturo to th'o'scono'by sailing round tho 'Galatea in order; oaoh ya'oht, as it passoa thé frigate, saluting by dipping its burgoo; to whioh tho D ult o's vossol roplied hy dipp'nz hor onsign at caoh soliit ?. Tho yaohts worovory skilfully handlodi and rounded tho Galatea in first rato style.-" Two steamers convoying "alargo number of passengers who wishod to, accompany tho Boydl frigate as far as tho Hoads wore also aloso at' hand. About O o'cloak the . Ohnllongor s band played a few bars of tho Grand March from "'Norma;'' <arid: directly afterwards tho signal was given to man tho yards. In this tho Ohallonger took tho, initiative, throo of hor activo topmén perohing-tlíomsolves respectively on tho fore,., main, and mizon trucks, stauding on thoir porilous summits, and waving their capa .os they joinou in tho "hearty ohooring from 'their shipmates bolow. Tho, Charybdis was not.long in following;her-yards hoing marinod almost ns'q'uioltly na thoso of tho Oorrimodoro's ,vo3Bol, and tho.littlo Rosario (lately, from England to this1 station in placo of tho Faloori) also followed suit.: Thon commenced such rattling bursts of cheering as j British sailors only can give, answered by tho Galatea's men quito as heartily, . and takon up by tho pooplo in steamers, boats, and on choro.; Aftor a short interval,, tho Galatea's Uno brass band was hoard playing "Auld lang eyrio," which' appropriate air olioitod anothor. continuous round of cheers.' ' /Signala .were, tbon'ox ohdnged between tho Galatea and tho otbov men-of war, when tho wholo of tho bunting decorating: tho .vessels was suddonlypowered, and, tho , band of tho Ohallongor struck un "God save tho Quoori," another burst of eheoring hoing the result.; 'It WOB now duak, and tho moon having risen, throw a flood bf light over tho wholo scene, which: was ono .of groat intorost. ' Public expectation was on tho alert for; " tho fiting,'.', tho gonorar impression, hoing that fio men-of-war would salute his'-'-Kbyal ..Ilighrioas,'' who would return it: but 'bevond a salute fired from tho guns" ot tho 'fort,nothing of ilho kind took .pince. '/Tho shrill strains of flip lifo hnd drum on board tho Galatea - could bo distinctly hoard^ on ' shbro'. ;.' , ', and '. at' ' length tho - .band of the.Ohallbngor burst forth with that melody which nbvor'fails'to s ir hn: English ' heart, "Homo,' Swcot Homo..'. Taking into consideration-tho associations'; 'connected with "tho occasion on which it >wáé- played, « it '.- is ; not surprising - that many,' somo oven bf'tho'-'sttrnor sex, .wo'ro " ovoreomo:. s while; tho spirit of -- loyalty ovoked found. oxpros-, eiôhli-in wishes if rom . ¿lt'around . of , a safo and pleasant passago. homo to our sailor Frince, and his gallant crow." Tho stenmers and yachts still kopt .hovoring round the ; frigate, ;whcn shortly 'ofter tho .men-of-war on- tho station had hoisted tkcir;Jights, a deafening round.j iof: .-bhboring from tho pdople onjf. tko3.,,Fortj 'announced, that ; . tho. xGa'atoi was moving. Very slowly slip .scorned; to como astern at first, and it hoing too dark to.-distinguish; -.with flip ¡ other vosaois, Tiy dipping lights from, her peak. Another loud-nuil prolongod oheer and waving' _pf liais rand<handkptchiofs,t and. tho npblo;yossol Blbwly "stoimed away "from.tha man-of-war station,'s.taking with her tho, ff God-speed /.of thousands who witnessou her departure.' - i ,Í! " The Galatea and tW 1 Shipping. ; - - .-.....:<)li. '. .. 'I. .-.;-- V . .. almost ready to prjccol to soi atjiuy hour.- *. öhoihad .boon titted , out; for', a1 long vbyogo, and rpcpivcd.on , 'board' 700 tons coole'from tho Bulli Ooal'Compány's' mines, and her full supply.of stores; livo stock,'Ä:c.; Tho pilot 'tb1 take tho' Galatea ' to , sea, was ordcrod for. 5 .'Jenkins Hvho brought tho'ship into, port, was bn" board. Tho ship was drawing- 23' fcot 0 inches of wator. and was consequently unable to cross tho heads "with Bafoty until ; nearly high water' Throughout tho .day, H.M.S.)Challenger,; Galatea,>Charybdis' and Rosario, woro :fully drosscd out with flags to their utmost1 extent, > and ? tho merchant ; ships in ,','port i. had. :ovory, ; sparo piece of bunting Îut in:' requisition ;in j honour, -of 'tho Occasion; ho. yachts; of r.tho iRoyal.:SydBcy, Ynoht> Squadron ,'dottoditho í bluo". .waters of tuc harbour, arid went ,, through their evolutions in .Farm Cdvo in an able and -seamanlike-manner, and- each- timo they parsed the .Duko's.ship . tho onsign was lowered in ucknowleug ^ment ot tho complirriont. Tho lads of tho naval train-' ing shjp Vernon gava tho Galatea a salute from jthoir guns'with' a: promptitude'¿nd-precisión that would' havo dono credit to a mnn-of-wors man of matured oxpor'onoo.' 1 At suhsot tho colours of bach vessoliwbro .talion in, and on board-tho Galatea tho coloured side- lights and mast liead lights .ware exhibited, and a doublo whito light, took. tho ploca of tho ensign at tho gaff .ond. ¡ Tho crows ,,of .H. M.S. ascended tho rigging and , gavo-.thpir -last, parting cheer. ¡Tho Galatea's' !mon roturn'ed tho , 'complimoat in a Uko inahiiflr: " ProcUoly. at hhlf-past 0 oclook'tho majestio form, of tho Galatea was in motion,. and eyory oyo was centered on ..hoc. aa. she .moved slowly i away, j It is intondpd that tho_ Galatoa .shall. niako tho yOydgo to Fort'sm'outh undor canvas,1 " Bteaming only, through the calms..- Blio .will . go',' south . of Kew i Zealand, round Capo Horn, and will touôh at Ascension Island.) : In autioipatiou of tho Galatea's', tailing7 at sundown, .Mr, Thomas,"tho mauagor bf tbo":H. E. N. S. Di. Oom- ? , pany, had hastily invited a number of friends and 'prominent citizens to proceed in tho Uno .steamer ATorpoth 3to. j Uio "flleodsi - to i bidivhisj ¡ B-'oValj Highness " a. finar, fa rowell. ..'.Tho * Morpeth loft thq, .company's ''w(hla'rf shortly, .after 0 o'clock^ with'-'¿bout'thrbo'-hun'dred iaüioa' and gontlcpion'. roh ' board *. '' 8ho 'waited" off.'Fort11 Donison .,;forV ;thbdeporturb"-'Cfrth6';Gàlatbn( and thou1 ftecompaHiod .her down f tho; harbour to :tbo Heads.' . < On arriving thoro tho Royal vessel began to loosen hor 'canvas, .upon-whioh tho' Mdrpbth's hoad ' was* turned..towards. Sydnoy, and amidst ueafoning cheers fr irh all oil hoard thoTTStcamers: parted.company,.and.the Oalatoa with ,hor Royal freight left .tho shores of. Australia to pursuo hor'voyngo' aciwtyhogTQut'ocèa'n,' tb that distant land t -.which wo 'all1 regard. as ro'ur - homo! 11,0« board tho Morpeth,' tho kihdncis'oCtho manager arid dirbotbrs in, ."placing thoir^lao vosBel'sb'prpmptly'ahd so kindly nt .tho disposal of '.tbó'-.'pabilo? was not'forgottori. ! Tho 'health of; Mri 1,'h'om'os,'' tho oncrgbtib manngoi bf tho compány, was.proposed 'and . drucie ; with <gro¿t; enthu- siasm, and .thd company returned : lb ' Sydnoy gratofuh and delighted'ht tho opportunity which had boon? afforded them, of plying tholr last odious to tho son bf their QdcÓD.OU tl liï'f.U HÏJM lîïC"^' ? ? nr. ,,--,) v a. t: H" I wi.nnH' li-..:: i«tin~' il it IC ., \PAIKrULf AoOIDBNT^ATr^NSWO^ wliloh.i wo«;; n(tendoil , with, soriousi .consequences, ooourrcd pn -Sundayafternoon lost, to,Mr.:.Qoorgo.: t'Sn'it'i, of Ulis city. It apponrs that Mr. Smith was pro : ceoaiog.úp, Bolton-street qn horsobaok, whoa tho animal ho WOB riding bccamo rostiye, and comraonood to buck. In (endeavouring io dismount; Mr. Smith wai half thrown to tho ground, with suoh force as to causo ,a compound fracturo of the log, just abovo tho ankle. Tho BufToror was utonco romovod to.tho Ship Inn, and upon examination of tho injuries it was discovered: tlint n portion of tho bono had protruded through tho skin,- bea. (lowlier and Schräder sot tho fractured limb, nnd wo unflorstand tbat, nlthough tho patient stilt Bulfors niuoli from tho ofl'¿otsof tho aooldont, ho is progressing as speedily towards reeovory aa tho pain *ful nature of tho in juries'sustained will admit of. Nowcaatlo Pilot, April d. , > ? '? ; FrtiaiiTPur. ACCIDENT.-A frightful accidont hap penod on Thursday last ' to n man named Ito bert Ndodee, while employed at a chaff-cutting machine |n tho town. It apponrs that, from somo cause,'his troueorsworo caught 'hy,) and his «tomnah ' drawn against, tho machino, and before lt nould ibo stopped, his stoniaoh was Iilooriitod In a dreadful manner. 7JX0 wai convoyed at onco to tho hospital, and is now, wo aro sorry to record, suffering ooulely from tho in- juries rocoiveU, titid hiB. rico voiy iii considerad as yory. doubtful .'As; ncoldonis by machinery BO often, ooour' in looalltios whore BUQII Jsi.usqd, it /bohoves thoio em- ployed about tho «ama to be vory .oarofuL and koon clear of all Blraps1 and whools. Jn' connection tiio;o\tyth. Burrangong Argus! April «J, " 