NEW BILLS. No. 5. A Bill introduced in the Assembly is to authorize and provide for a railway from Port Caroline to the Victorian Border at a point north of Lake Cadmite. Clause 1 authorizes the issue of bonds not exceeding in the whole £320,000. Clause 2 provides that the rate of interest shall be 6 per cent., and that the bonds shall not be payable in less than 25 or beyond 35 years. Clause 7 authorizes the construction of the line. Clause 12 fixes the gauge at 5 feet 3 inches, with a proviso empower- ing the Governor to alter it, so as to bring it into conformity with any gauge adopted in the future. Clause 13 directs that the charge upon articles con- veyed on the line by tonnage should not exceed 9d. a ton; for wool, measurement good, fruit, and furniture, 1s ; carriages, 1s. 3d. for the first ton, and 1s. 6d. for every ton extra. " The toll for first-class passengers is not to exceed 4d. a mile: second-class, 3d.; for every horse, mule, ass, or other beast of draught or burden, 6d; and for every ox, cow, bull, or neat cattle, 2d.; for every calf, sheep, lamb, pig, or other small animal, ½d. Clause 16 provides that the charges " for any parcel not exceeding 28 lbs. in weight, not exceeding 1d. per mile each; for any parcel not exceeding 56 lbs. in weight, not exceeding 1½d. per mile each; for any parcel not exceeding 112 lbs. in weight, not exceeding 2d. per mile each, and not exceeding 1d. per mile each for every additional 56 lbs. in weight. Provided that articles sent in large aggregate quantities, although made up of separate parcels, such as bags of sugar, coffee, meal, and the like, shall not be deemed small parcels, but such term shall apply only to single parcels in separate packages. For the car- riage of any one boiler, cylinder, or single piece of machinery, or single piece of timber, or stone, or other single article, the weight of which shall exceed four tons, the said Commissioner may demand such sum as he shall think fit." Power to lease the railway is taken in clause 20, and the other sections provide for the proper machinery for working the Act. No. 6. A Bill intituled an Act to amend the Waste Lands Appropriation Act, 1862, better known as Sutherland's Act, carries out the inten- tions of the Government as expressed some time ago in the Assembly. Clause 3 directs that all moneys standing to the credit of the Immigration Fund, with the exception of £220,000, which has been invested in Government securities, shall form a " Waste Lands Sales Fund." Clause 4 expresses the treble object which that fund is to save in the following words:—" The said fund shall be, and the same is hereby appropriated to the payment in the first place of the principal and interest of the public debt of the said province, as and when the same shall from time to time become due and payable and in the next pla e to the payment of the cost of the construction and repair of roads, bridges, railways, and other public works connected with the development of the resources of the said province, and the communication between the different parts of the same, and also towards de- fraying the expense of the passage from the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland to the said province of immigrants, under the provisions of the Act No. 4 of 1857-8, intituled ' An Act to authorize the appointment of an Emigration Agent, and to encourage and regulate immigra- tion into the Province of South Australia,' or of any other Act hereinafter to be in force for the like purposes." Clause 5 notifies that the portion of the funds spent in public works or immigration shall not be laid out without express sanction of Parliament, except that the Treasurer shall be at liberty to in- vest it in Government securities. Clause 6 thus peremptorily dedicates the £220,000 to immigra- tion purposes;—" The said sum of two hundred and twenty thousand pounds, portion of the said ' The Immigration Fund,' together with the interest or produce thereof, shall continue to be invested by the Treasurer from time to time, in the purchase of Government securities, and the same shall be applied and expended in manner provided by the said ' The Waste Lands Appropriation Act, 1862 ' in reference to the said ' The immigration Fund,' and not otherwise." No. 7. A. Bill to provide for the construction of an additional reservoir and other works for the purpose of procuring a further supply of water for the city of Adelaide and other places. By clause 4 it is rendered lawful for the Treasurer to issue bonds not exceeding £75,500 for this undertaking; and by clause 5 the usual rate of interest, 6 per cent., is placed upon the bonds, which are not to be paid off in less than 20 or more than 45 years. Next follow a number of provisions necessary to facilitate the construction of the work. Clause 14 informs the Adelaide municipal authorities that the undertaking known as the Adelaide Water- works shall not after the passing of this Act vest in them except on payment of £53,500 in addition to the £270,000 already prescribed. Clause 15 fixes the proportion to be paid by the Port Adelaide municipal authorities at £21,500, and clause 16 in- timates that if the new works cost less than £75,000, the charge on the Adelaide and Port municipal bodies shall be proportionately reduced. BAD NEWS FROM LAKE HOPE.—By direct com munication, says our Blinman correspondent on August 27, from the extreme settled districts— Lake Hope and Koperamanna—the accounts are not altogether cheering. The water in the lakes had become salt in consequence of the flood waters not having come down for many months, and it has become necessary to remove the cattle to the Finniss Springs. From all heard, the affray with the blacks, spoken of some weeks ago, has not been of so serious a character as was at first represented. THE STRATHALBYN AND MIDDLETON RAILWAY.. —With the arrival of the Commissary and The Goolwa with the long-expected and much talked-of fishplates, the excuses of the Government for not proceeding with the Strathalbyn and Middleton Railway must surely fade away. These vessels have reached our shores with satisfactory punc- tuality, and we hope that no time will now be lost in laying the rails, so that the promise of the Commissioner of Public Works for the completion of the line by December next may be fulfilled.— Southern Argus. THE FAR NORTH MURDER.—Our Blinman corre- spondent on August 27 writes reporting the capture of Reuben. On Monday afternoon (24th) Police-troopers Gregory and Porter returned, having succeeded in capturing Reuben (the native), charged with the murder at Nilpena. They got him at Mount James, being assisted by a native named Tommy, who gave information as to his camping-place, and he was arrested in the middle of the night. There is a second charge against him for having in November last year murdered Peter Franklin, a Port Lincoln native, at Beltana. Mr. H. C. Swan, S.M., being in Blinman when he was brought in, remanded him for a few days to procure the attendance of the witnesses. SOIREE AT ARDTORNISH.—The first anniversary soiree in connection with the Presbyterian congre- gation at Ardtornish took place on Monday last, when about 100 sat down to tea. At 7 o'clock the Rev. J. Henderson, of Port Adelaide, gave his lecture on the " Oddities of Genius." A portion of St. Andrews choir were in attendance, and assisted, in addition to the brilliant and eloquent lecture, in producing an amount of enjoyment and delight not surpassed by anything of the kind ever given in the neighbourhood. Mr. Kerr moved a vote of thanks to Mr. Henderson, and mentioned that it had been his pleasing lot not only to know some of the great and distinguished men men- tioned by the lecturer, but to have sat at their feet as a humble student. The vote was carried with acclamation, and the proceedings closed by votes of thanks to the Rev. R. Haining, who occupied the chair, and the ladies. SALE OF BIRDS, &c.;—Messrs. Parr & Lukmoore sold on Saturday a number of English birds, which arrived a few days ago by the Commissary and other vessels. Green linnets fetched 5s. 6d. rose linnets 9s. 6d., and grey linnets 10s.; chaffinches, 4s. and 5s.; and one or two thrushes and black- birds were sold at 23s. and 16s. respectively. A number of thrushes, goldfinches, and other birds shipped were lost on the voyage. There were also several Scotch and English terriers sold, at prices ranging from 15s. to about £2 apiece. PIRIE-STREET BAND OF HOPE.—The third monthly meeting of the Pirie-street Wesleyan Band of Hope was held in the Lecture Hall on Friday evening, when the attendance was large considering the inclemency of the weather. The meeting was opened with singing and prayer, after which the President—the Rev. J. G. Millard— offered a few remarks explanatory of the objects of the meeting. He then called upon Mr. Maley, who briefly referred to the great evils flowing to humanity from the sin of intemperance, and con- cluded with an appeal to his hearers to assist in checking its encroachments. Mr. Waddy recited " Look at the Clock," which kept the audience in continuous roars of laughter. Mr. Broad then briefly addressed the meeting. Several young men of the Society enlivened the proceedings with selections of music, Mr. A. Scott presiding at the harmonium. Votes of thanks to all concerned brought a very pleasant evening to a close. There were a number of additional signatures to the pledge, bringing the total number up to 139. ENGLISH MAIL.—The English mail to July 17 is due to-day at Glenelg. SUPREME COURT.—The Full Court will sit this morning, being First Day of Term. DECEASE OF MR. E. W. WICKES.—Our readers will notice in the obituary column this morning the name of one who for many years filled an honourable position usefully as Secretary of the Board of Education. It will be in his connection with the educational system of South Australia that the name of this kind- hearted old gentleman, who quietly passed away on Sunday, at the ripe age of 73, will be longest remembered. To say that on the Board, and throughout the ranks of the licensed and private teachers, as well as in various other departments of the public service and in religious circles, he had many friends, is only to state a truism, for those were his friends who knew him. His life latterly has been very retired, consequent on increasing infirmities. When a young man Mr. Wickes' tastes led him to desire to enter the ministry, and with that object he was about to study at Stepney College; but being an only son, his widowed mother at the last moment withdrew her consent, and his pur- poses for life were changed. He still, however, devoted time and labour in preparation for and in the work of lay preaching in the surrounding villages. His career as a teacher commenced in 1816, and in that profession he continued without intermission till 1845, when he left England for South Australia. During his scholastic career he published in England a grammar, which was ex- tensively used, and since his residence in this colony several elementary educational works have proceeded from his pen, and are largely circuited. Soon after arrival here, in conjunction with the late Rev. J. B. Titherington he opened a school at North Adelaide, and continued this till 1854. Mr. Wickes was a member of the first Board of Educa tion, and soon after its formation became the Secretary, retaining that post for 14 years, when through failing health he was compelled to tender his resignation. Upon retirement, the members of the Board passed a warm resolution expressive of regret at the necessity for such a step, and bore tes- timony to his zeal and ability. It will be remem- bered that soon afterwards a purse of sovereigns and an address was presented at a meeting of teachers, over which the Rev. Canon Russell pre- sided. The deceased was at first a member of the congregation gathered at North Adelaide by the Rev. G. Stonehouse, but latterly has attended the Church of England, and, conducted services at Hindmarsh prior to the arrival of the Rev. F. Garrett, as well as at other places where required. He leaves a widow and a daughter (Mrs. David Randell, of Mount Crawford). It will be seen from a notice elsewhere that the funeral takes place on Tuesday, when the remains will be conveyed to the North Adelaide Cemetery. Accident nkae Kaponda.— On Wednesday last a somewhat serious accident occurred (neat Kyelands, on the Clare-road) to two gentlemen one Mr. Nicholson, of this town, contractor, and the other Mr. Abbot, Government Clerk of Work'. It appears that these gentlemen had been on n tour of inspection of some works near or at Min taro, and were returning to Kapunda. On reaching the abovementioned place the axletree of their gip broke, which caused its occupants to be thrown out on tbe hard metalled road, by which fall aud the injuries sustained they both became insensible. and were found in tliis precarious condition by Mr. J. Coles, jun., auctioneer, who was returning to Kapunda from Mr. Stevens'* sale. Mr. Coles ut once got tbe sufferers into his buggy, and succeeded in bringing them into Kapunda, where they re ceived medical advice and the necessary treatment. Mr. Abbot was sufficiently recovered the next da) to enable him to go home by rail to Adelaide, and Mr. Nicholson is recover.ng from the effects of the accident. Bible Christian Chapel — Anniversary sermons were preached yesterday at Young- street Chapel as advertised. The services will be co tinucd to-day. The Bev. Messrs. Bigg, Ston house, Wright, Meniman, Richards, and Btojcl are announced as speakers at the public meeting. Kent Tows Wesleyan Chapel. -The anni veisary services of this place of worship were held yesterday, and from advertisements it will be seen that the tea and public meetings are to-day. Ad dresses are to be delivered by the Rev. Mes«rs. Binks, Knight, and liaslara, with Mr. Carr, M.P. and others. Her Majesty and the Colony of New South Wales.— A Government Gazette Rttra ordinary has been published iu Sydney, containing the following despatch from the Secretary of State relative to the attempted assassination of His Royal Highness the Duke of Edinburgh :— ' Downing-street, June 18, 18(18. ' My Lord— I have laid before the Queen your despatches Nos. 35 and 3d. of the 27th March aud Ut April, in which you transmit the numerous addresses and resolutions occasioned by the ntteinpted assassination of His Royal Highness the Duke of Edinburgh. 'I am to inform you that not only does the Queen appreciate in the fullest manner the expres sions of unbounded loyalty and attachment to the lioyal Fatuity which this event has called forth from the inhabitants of New South Wales, but Uer Majesty also feels in a peculiar degree, on their behalf, the indignation which they have themselves displayed, that a colony so earnest in its affection to tbe person of its Sovereign should tie made the scene of a traitorous attempt on the life of one of Her Majesty's sons. ' Her Majesty is desirous that her sentiments on this point should be made known t ) the people of Ne# South Wales, and commands you to take at once the most fitting and effectual means for this purpose. ' I have, &c;, ' Buckingham and Chandob. 'Governor the Bijht Honourable the Earl of Belmore.' Wheat Disease.— We have received from Mr. Daw, of Cygnet liiver, Kangaroo Island, by favour of Captain Swings, of the schooner Albert, some specimens of insects found at the root of whe*t plants affected by the disease known as takeull, which has, we are informed, exhibited itself 8on.tr what extensively in the island. The insect ib known, we believe, as thecorneel, and was referred to in the evideuce before the CommisMon on Cereal Diseases as the vibrio tritice. It is often found in connection with wheat affected by takeall. but whether it is the causa of that disease or is attracted to the plant after being enfeebled by disease is uncertain. Mr. Ey, iu his evidenee, stated that iu his belief the animalcute was sown with the seed, and that a dressing of sulphuric acid would kill it. The same witness found beneficial results from watering a small patch, the plants upon which showed signs of the 'takeall, with sulphuric acid; but of course that remedy could not be generally resorted to. Eiveb Tbade.— Our Blanchetown correspon dent says on the 28th :— 'The Providence steamer arrived here ou the 23rd from the Murrumbidgee, with 50 tons of tallow from Messrs. LearmonthV station. The reports from tbe upper river speak of the water being very low, barely navigable to Wahgunyah. A gentleman arrived here last ninht by mail, who was a passenger to Echuta in the Lady Daly, reported as sailing from here on July 27, with £1,000 worth of machinery for the German settlers at Albury. She made a Cne run up, but is detained at Echuca, waiting a rise in tbe river. This morning there has arrived here for the same destination four reaping-machines, five winnowing machines, and several dray-loads of machinery packed in cases. This looks as if our German fellow-colonists were still bent on migrating eastward/! The Yobke's Pkninsoxa Nattvk Mission. The Bev. Julius Kuun, missionary to the abori gines at tbe station at Point Pierce, was mairied on Thursday last to Mist Bond, who has for some time past been governess in the family of Dr. Croft, on the Wallaroo mines. The ceremony was per formed by the Bev. Mr. Wilton, at Kadina, and Mis. Kuhn. we believe, intends to assist her hus band in hie labours. There are now about 30 children at the station, most of whom are able to read and write. A four-roomed cottage has been erected lor Mr. Kuhn. and he, assisted by the adult aborigines, has erected a building to be used as a schoolroom. Contributions in the shape of drapery goods to be made up into clothing would be very acceptable.— Wallaroo Times. Steam Communication with the South.— During the past portion of the present year the trading community of the South have felt very heavily the general depression resulting from the bad harvest of 1867. and the Southern storekeepers have probably from various, causes suffered most Those engaged in this bianih of trade are depen dant on coastwise supplies of goods-that in, they cannot obtain small quantities by means of drays, t-ut'are ohjiged to ljaye what js termed 'ship- ments.' Hitherto the necessary supplies have teen obtained by means of the small coasting vessels trading between Pott Adelaide and Victor Har bour, and although tbe owners have done all they could, and, in fact, all that could be expected of them, in making the freights as low as possible, yet. there has been experienced that want of punctuality which the best of nailing vessels cannot supply. Steam was the motive power which was needed to remove the want, and we are glad to find that the spirited owner of the Bteamer Goolwa, Captain smith, has determined to trade regularly once a week between l'ort Adelaide and Victor Harbour, and we trust that the captain's enterprise will be rewarded with success. The Goolwa has already made two trips. Un Wed nesday- last' she lefc jiorf Adejaide, and, notwith standing the seventy of the weather on' that night, with capital punctuality she was at Victor Harbour at daylight on the following morning. Home suggestions ha?e been made a3 to the desi rability of effecting an alteration in the departure from each port— a matter which woulii doubtless go towards the success of the undertaking. But apart from commercial convenience— a point of no less importance— is the comfort of travellers, and many who have vivid recollections (if a journey to the metropolis via Willunga will no doubt gladly avail themselves of the capital accommodation provided by the Goolwa, while thote who are anxious to visit the romantic scenery of the South w|fl have their pleasure enhanced by a trip over the 'ocean (ravdi.'- Southern' Arab*. ?' Matrimonial Office is Melbourne.— 'The march of c viiijation,' says the Portland Western Times, 'is certainly making rapid strides in Victoria. We have our star preachers, lecturers, actors, singers, Ac, our belles and cur beaux, our nobs and snobs; in fact, says the Evening Slar, we have almost everything, and every class of persons usually found in a cultivated state; but it remained for a Mr. Bradie, a former denizen of the Continent and New York, U.t\, to establish a Bureaux de Marriage for the purpose, to quote the advertisement from which we write, 'of brineing together responsible Twrsons suitable as partners for life, on the principle so successful in London, Paris. Vienna, and Ktrw Yoric, aud many citka io AnitU writhe Gaatiaut.' * Kkopjeninq op thk Victoria. — Among tho passengers by the Coorong on Saturday was Mr. A. J. Solomon, the lessee of tho Victoria, who has returned from a successful dramatic entering in Melbourne. He proposes to commence a new season this day week with the now celebrated Nathan Family. Since tlu.v left Adelaide the ttar of the Nathans has been in the ascendant, and it has culminated in a Kpiendid run at the Thiatie Royal, Melbourne. The ' infant prodigy' Marion id now a fully-developed actress, and plays adult rdlet to the admiration of the critics as well as of the public. Tbe very unsentimental 'Jaques' of the Australasian has recently been apostrophising her as follows.'— 'Little Marion Nathan is a marvellous creature. You cannot pooh- pooh her as a merely precocioiiB child.' She is more than clever. Generally I do not like precocious children, either on or off the stage. They are obtrusively clever; they force their cleverness upou you. They insist upon your ad miring them whether you will or not, and they are therefore highly undesirable. There have been a ? good many precocious child-playen on the Mel bourne stage, and moat of them I have not liked. * They nave resembled ton much the marionette; they have spoken and moved with glibness and much readiness, but they have spoken and moved mechanically, as if they were acting in obedience to some machine which the property-man or tlio prompter was turning. But Little Marion is not of this kind. She is to my thinking a Uirn actress. I believe she played many parts before she wss weaned. When her biography shall be written, it will be found that she was a general utility lady at the age of two years, and at four the whs a star of considerable magnitude. 1 repeat that «he is a marvel.' Little Marion has no doubt many old friends here who n ill be glad to witness her sur prising progress, the more especially as «he U ab tut to pass into a higher sphere of dramatic aft* on the English stage. When she concludes her engagement in Adelaide she will reluru to Mel bourne to play a scries of Hliaksi«ariau character* with Mr. Montgomery, beginning with Prince Arthur. The rest of the family are said also to have benefited by their travels, and the pieces they undertake are all well put on. After a few weeks weeks they will be joined by our old fuuiurito Mr, -i Charles Young, who is to accompany them to England. Mr. Solomon has engaged a good bur ?esque company to succeed them, so that the old Victon* will have a (air trial under liur new and not very favourable circumstances. It i« due to ihe lessee to remind the public that since the house was last last closed it has been entirely renovated, . and is now very superior in acoustic qualities, in appearance, and in comfort to anything it has been before. Mr. Solomon has done everything in hit power short of removing it to a better situation in order to bring back his old patron*. A double entrance has been made to the stalls, the same as in the opera season. Tho price of the drew circle has been reduced to 4*. Season ticket* am offered, i& before, on liberal tttms, aud other inducements held out, for details of which our readers had better consult Mr. Solomon's advertisement. Thk Foresters' Soutut. — A correspondent has furnished us with the following:-' A grand soiree in aid of a proposed Benevolent Fund in connection with the Fjrektcra was held in the Town Hall ou Thursd y evening. His Excellency tho Acting Governor und u number of other dit- * tinguiahed patroim, including the Foreign Consuls and volunteer officers, made their appearauce at an early hour; Colonel Uainley being honoured tfitu a special volunteer escort. Ibe room itself was tastefully and appropriately decorated, and the attendance was excellent in every part of Ihe Hall. The chair was occupied by His Worship the Mayor, and a very long aud attractive programme #os introduced by the Chief steiretury (lion II. Ayers), who spoke the following prologue, written oy Mr. U. B. Mitford for the occaaiou, with good effect :- Friends of the Bow and Lincoln Green, The Quiver and the iiuifle Horn ; We meet up in this festive scene, For ovemng deeds that hail the mom.' (n days of old when Fountain's Abbey ttood, Vnd York's dark forests sheltered Kutiin Hood ; When merry Sherwood laughed at moukUh curse, Killed the King's deer, aud purloin td 1'rior's purse; Lord of the lorest und the King's highway. Decreed that moonlight was the dawn of day; When peer and peasant greenwood laws obeyed, uid knights from Palestine their tribute paid; Bid lioyal Kichard, Caur-de-Lion stand, And grasp in friendship every archer'* hand— That gallant outlaw-known to deathless fame— Bequeathed your Order its high hoiioi'd name. Fiom Ouse to Trent the forest was his own ; From Trent to Torreus let his name be known— Whe ever British heart* the poor l-cfrieiui May Southern Foresters liU name defend ; VVheiever pity hears the orphan's cry, May Foresters evince humanity ; Wherever widows' tears or griefs are known, Remember Kobert, Earl of Huntingdon— So kind, so brave, so lawless, and so good— Old England's Forester and-Kobin Hood— Give as he gave— be kind us he was true ; And, as the poor bless'd him, Hhall then bless you I Men of the Bow, the Quiver, and tho Horn! Whose feeling hearts your Order well adorn; l'he bowstrings twang, the arrow's hurtling flight shall Ite the emblem of your deeds to-ni#ht. iwift as the shait tliut sued from freedom's hand. Your deeds of good shall Hy from land to land. By Fame's loud trumpet shall the world be told Australian Foresters have hearts of sold I For many a mourner, now with grief upprest, Shall yet rejoice, and, Foresters, be blest. Wherever gratitude shall kneel iu prayer, The name of Forester ib whispered there. And who shall tell? -'tis only time reveals The mighty answer to those mute appeal*. Yet this we know-who gives unto the poor Has loaned to Banks where angels guard the door. Friends of the Bow! -Ye men of Lincoln Uieeul whose deeds of charity the world hath seen: Whose Aucient Order bids the poor rejoice, And calls on me to raise my willing voice, ' As Forester and servant of that Crown Which justly claims the world s unbomjht renown: As worn by Her wiio owns the Kieilest part, And reigns beloved in every English heart! Here 111 these halls, with joy and mirth Mround, Where unity. Benevolence, and Peace abound) I bid you welcome | -an a Friend and Brother. I challenge Foresters to aid each 01 her ! Frieiids, who have rallied M tliii festive call, Accept my thanks, the grateful thanks of all ; And let me say, before this meeting sever, May Forestry and Friendship lust for over. My task is doue-k nd Foresters adieu I May these my sentiments be felt by you. while Mirth and Mu»ic echo through this Hall, May Charity proclaim our festival. May Song and Poetry promote your glee, As emblems n't for Sherwood memory. And ere these fleetiiitf hours have pus'd away, In lettered g»ld well maik this festive day: this legend twiue upon our Greenwood Tree— * Utncord, benevolence, aud Unity. The entertainment was of a miscellaneous cha- '' racter, arranged literally so as to suit all Ultcs. The vocal music fell to the lot of Mrs. Proctor, Signor Abecco, Messrs. H. Gawler, L. Jagoe, V. Jagoe, and Master H. Burgess. The well-known ability of tbe whole of the performers renders com uieuc upon their performances superfluous. They were well up in their parts; and although it was no easy task to fill the room, for the iuo«t part they succeeded well in doing to. Tbe vocal efforts oi the Original Amateur Christy Minstrel*, who, having been in existence for several -ciirs, have had the opportunity of rendering themselves ? tolerably proficient, ought not to be overlooked* ;. In instrumental music, Mr. Lllard, Mr. C. Uowaoo, and Mr. Proctor each had a part assigned them, and the two former gentlemen executed the duet 'Lurline,' on the piano and violoncello ad mirably. The Artillery Band in the gallery, and tbe belli in the tower, which played and rung out at intervals, must not ba omitted as forming an entertainment for the out- '* side public, and still coming within the category of instrumental music. The elocutionary branch of the programme included tbe pciformances of Mr. P. M. Coleman and Mr. W. Townsend, M.P. The former confined himself to the Hibernian comic, in which he unquestionably excels, and tht latter gave his well-known 'Defence of the Irish, by Whiteside. A vote of thanks to the Chairman and the playing of the National Anthem closed a thoroughly successful soiree. It had been well arranged, it was well patronized, and tbe receipt! will show a very respectable fund on their own account.' The Sodthkrh Cofpeb Mim-The new mining venture, now called the Galatea, is being vigorously carried on. Since the propiietary list has been filled up there have been many applica tions from parties wishing to have an interest in the affair. We have heard of seveial offers for shares on which the first instalment of 10a. has - paid, at a premium ranging from £1 to li, but very \ few have changed hands eyen at that-SoirtAern .' 4w, ' ?' '? ?*? Rapid Communication with Wkntwobth via Blahchotown.— A movement has been started here by Mr. E. Heywood, our local Magistrate, says our Blanchetown correspondent, to have a through line per mail ia one day from this to Ade laide. The contractors, Messrs. Cobb & Co., are willing to make the change if the Postmaster will sanction it, and as it will not interfere with any of the mail times between this and Freeling there is little doubt but that it will be carried into effect. Passengers will then take coach at Wentworth on the Darling on Monday morning, and on Tuesday evening be with their frjeud- in Adelaide, This beats' all our memories of mail coach travelling at home, and it was but a very short time before Um - present firm had the contract that it took one week to go from Blanchetown to Wentworth alone. Fatal Acctdest at North-West Benb.-A fatal accident, which occurred near the North West Bend to a man named George Stewart, driver of a ration cart attending Messrs. Beid'i sheep, is reported by our Blanchetown correspon- ' dent His non-arrival at the camp alarmed his ' mates, who went in search of him, and found him lying on his face with the cart capsized upon him. It had turned over on a sideling, and fallen upon him. The cart being lifted, he was aide to crawl from underneath, but before aid could be obtained he died. An inquest was held by Mr. D. McLean, J.P., North- West Bend, and a verdict of accidental death was returned. The uufortunate man was iteady and sober, and his sad «nd is much deplored by all who knew him. Crops in the Booth.— The agriculturists of the ? South have been highly gratified with the fine rain* which have fallen in great abundance along the Southern coast, and the excellent appearauce of ^ ;be crops in th« neighbourhood of Pprt Elliot aru) Doolwa* give rise to sanguine hopes of an abundapfc baneat not iea*on.-&m;(Atfr* Aram* ' ' ll .: ?'.'/*? The Nativk Outbekak m Nkw Zbalahd— The Melbourne Herald publishes the following news received by way of 8ydney:-' Napier* August 14. 3.30 p.m. The colonial forces, num benng 130 men, under Colonel. Whitmore, marched on the 6th instant to endeavour to overtake the rebels. On the 8th he came up with them, and found them in strong force at the foot of the Snowy Kanges, on the banks of the Euakituro Bivtr. The men were weary and hungry, but nevertheless with great courage they desiied to proceed. At 3 p.m. the enemy was engaged, and in two hours the colonial forces carried the first position: after which, having nine men killed and wounded, they withdrew. The enemy re treated, and next morning wpre far away. For want of food, having only taken three days' rations, our forces were compelled to abstain from following them. Two well- known settlers of Napier. Captain Carr and Mr. Dam Canning, fell on our side. The enemy lost considerably. Sev. ral were seen to fill on the first attack The Napier nativeTbehaved admirably, and had they been aasbted by the Tauranp volunteers, the enemy would have suffered much more severely. As it was, they were enabled to pursue their journey toattend Kunanga at Terawera Gorge. Majo? Fraor is stationed half-way bttween iNapier and Tauranga; Etespatehes from Colonel Whitmore state tbaYthe' tattle was fought at a place nine miles from the Arewera boundary. There were five killed and five wounded, and one of them has since died. The wounded reached Wairea. Colonel Whitmore has. gone to Poverty Bay to brine round the Waipara. The militia have been called out' Ful-A Sydney telegram in the Melbourne^ o the 25th August says:— '? The mission ship John Wesley has arrived from Levuka, in Fiji Messrs. Evans and Brewer, who had gone from Melbourne as agents of the promoters of the pro posed Fiji Banian* Company, are passengers. They report that their mission has been entirely successful. On the day after the date of the despatch of Mr. Thuraton, the British Consul. !«MnMfi.toUleEatI,of BeImorc- namely- ?» ^ fh? vW7i,&J;*co^dxa«tre5m,e?J *'«uned with the king (lhakombau). which Messrs. Brewer and Evans assert ha* been approved by all parties '''?resjeiL Gold is said to have been discovered at Nitilevu. The above gentlemen wdi return to Melbourne by Wednesday's steamer.' The Colac V tetter publishes the following extract from a private letter from Fiji, received V a raideTin that townsfc?»:-'Thukombau has paid the usual penalty of demising an enemy. Over 100 of the Bauom array were killed and eaten. A few weeks ago 36 native Chmnana were killed and eaten by the heathen of the interior of Na-Vitileon.' The latk Tidal WAVt-Frora a Sydney tele gram we learn tbat 'an extraordinary tidal wave took place at New Zealand on Saturday, 15th August. The wave rose and fell several feet all over the colony in a most extraordinary manner. Some damage was do e to the shipping, at Port Chalmers and Ljttelton. A sharp shock of an earthquake waa Mt on the 17th at Wellington. Chrutchurch, Napier, Hokitika, Port Chalmers. ttD«. fceW but no damage was done by the earthquake. The tidal wave is reported to have S?1^^8^^ TheRMeof Au£ Btralia. from Newcastle (N.S. Wales), arrived at San Francisco June 27th. and reported that between Curtis and Macaulay Islands and Kir inadea group she experienced a severe shock of an earthquake. .The steamer Nevada, from Panama o ban Kranasco. saw three large waterspouts oil' the coast of Guatemala.' F railway J-XTEsaios in Victobia.- A corre spondent writes to the Herald on railway extension as follows:— 'I beg leave to protest against con structing a railway to the Ovens and Murray in preference to a line conneetingHamilton with Mel bon7le;, A8 lte Peop'e and revenue of Victoiia are liable fur the amount raised by loan or other wise for the construction of such lines, and are also liable for the deficiency in the earnings thereof, it would seem to be much more reasonable that facilities of transit shoull be afforded to our population than to 'tap* Riverina at a second point. The Kiverine residents near to £chuca ket their goods conveyed to Melbourne at half the cost incurred by Victorians for the conveyance of their goods for a similar distance to Geelong or Ballarat Those parties who pay the higher rates of carriage have the privilege of paying their share towards the deficiency of the earnings of the line to Echuca. The Rivenne and the Melbourne merchants insist on inadequate rates of freight for their own advantage; the one to save exp nditure, mi £theT to divei? trade itom S^th Australia. Ine South Australian? are now bestirring them selves ? in opening railway communication with the western parts of Victoria, and are likely to draw a large portion of our trade across the Border. Perhaps it would be quite as well if each Government would strive to accommodate the people within its own borders, instead of matching at their neighbours' trade. The line to hchuca is available for the Upper Murray trade for perhaps half the year. The Western District has no such advantage, and should have a stronger claim on our patriotic statesmen It should not be their policy to hamper local production and afford a bounty on importation. The proposed line to Gippsland is not worthy of much consideration. A railway in such a thinly- peopled country cannot compete with water carriage, especially when all traffic would be rut off from one side by its being Dn the seaboard.' THB 'UISTISGUISHED VISITOR '* OX Hi! ThaVKLS.— Tbe Brisbane Courier contains tb following paragraph with reference to the 'Count1 who lately victim zed some of the Sydney f ilk :- 'It is pretty well known that the illustriou stranger who lately honoured our poor city witl his presence, under the style, title, and dignity o the Count von Atteras, is the individual who in ou Sydney telegram of Tuesday was said to havi obtained large advances in that city on fL-titiom papers. We are sorry to say that he manage* during his short stay here to walk int» the good graces of some of our citizen* and to make rather heavy drafts on theii bankers. His countship, it |will be remem bered, left Brisbane in that renowned craft, the Hamlet's Ghost, the history of which vessel ought to be written some d;-y ; and he has last beer heard of at Cleveland Bay. A warraut is out foi his apprehension, and troop re have been dispatched overland from Port Denisnn to secure him if pos sible before he makes a descent on our friends in Batavia. We failed to notice the count as he de served when he was in Brisbane; but should he visit us again, especially with the order which the Sheriff of Queensland desires to confer on him on his breast, and Mr. Seymour's decorations at his wnat, we shall endeavour to make amends for our former neglect of Son Alteae.' Am Indian Sttptic— The Argus has the fol lowing with reference to the styptic mentioned in our Melbourne telegram of the 22nd. and which appears to be possessed of extraordinary powers:— 'The peculiar properties of a styptic, alleged to have been brought from Delhi by Mr. John Bryan (known in Victoria as a theatrical agent, who some time since left Melbourne as the manager of an 'entertainment' which was successfully introduced to India), were exhibited to a select circle on uotu^ua/ wiciuuuu tain, u ft room adjoining tin Duke of Edinburgh Theatre. The expert menu were performed upon three fowls, the operatoi being Mr. Tipper, the proprietor of the hotel con nected with the aforementioned theatre. The plan adopted was to bare the neck of the fowl operated upon, open the skin with a lancet, cut across what w«s supposed to be the jugular vein, and directly the blood lpouted to pour the fluid styptic upon the wound. The fluid is named 'Low Bhund k Tnale, a Hindoo colloquialism expressive of its effects. These last were marvellous to the unpro fessional observers. The flow of blood ceased upon the instant, and then the skin was sewn up, and the fowl let loose. The first fowl to whom this treatment was applied appeared to recover imme diately, the effusion of blood baying been slight, and in a few svconils afterwards it commenced to pick up grain as though nothing had happened. In the case of the two others the fowls bled pro fusek. and though the syptic operated imme diately it was applied, the birds lay after wards apparently without life or motion. The room was then locked and the key given to a gentleman of the Press, who visited the place some hours afterwards. On his re turn he found one of the insensible birds quietly at Must on a chair in s- comer of the room, and the other standing on the floor apparently recovered. We are bound to add that though the experiments seemed unnecessarily cruel— more so than they would have been if a surgeon had operated the fowls appeared to suffer little pain, and scarcely made any noise. There was not indeed a medical man in the room, so that the qualities of the specific were exhibited to none who were able to speak of them with any authority. It wsa a remarkable circumstance that the blood which fell from the nacksof the birds and was touched by the fluid immediately coagulated into large flakes, like diminutive pieces of liver. Mr. Bryan Btated that the materials of his compound were simply derived from Bilml oil an-l a plant gathered in the garden* of the Univeisitv ' Thk Pbofjssob. — Professor (?) Norriea, alicu Muggetidge, who we ( Wallaroo Times J alluded to in our issue of the 19th instant as sojourning at ' Kadina with afi intention of swindling the public by .pretending to lecture, the hotelkceper out of botrd and lodging, and the printer, if possible, out of some posters, skedaddled on the day we have mentiomd, leaving a note for mine host of which the following is a copy:— 'Gone to Moonta. Jte^Urn on Thursday. Dear Sir— Tending that the paragraph in the Wallaroo Times will greatly affect my lecture to-night, I have fully made up my mind to postpone it until Thursday next, when 1 shall return without ha\\. Yours, &c; H. T. Norhjes. P.S.— I should have settled your account but you are out' This letter was written immediately after the Professor had dined, and nothing has Bince been seen of him at tte hotel he honoured with his presence. During the morning he had devoted his energies to the sale of tickets for his lecture, but with what success we have not heard. Apparently he was anxious to increase the sum-:otal of his knowledge on the subject he was intending to en lighten the people about, being diligent in his enquiries at Birk's library for a cotain 'Hand- bcok to Astronomy,' and expressing great dis appointment at being unable to procure it When he departed he left at the hotel two or three yards of botched calico, coarsely painted over with illustrations of the heavenly bodies. Of luggage n ''dpone- From Kad.ina he walked across to Port Wakefield, but there hu fame had preceded nim. According to his wont, he established himself at an note), and whilst he was surveying the beauties ? l L'8'.1,8 mudbanks, the landlord com municated with the police-trooper. The latter gentleman forthwith Bought out the Professor and requested him to walk back to the hotel and have »-!i! Ht Pinvafe .''d confidential communication with the landlord. Whilst the landlord and the pU?£f Werf ¥Vn.S ? moment- conversation the Professor skedaddled, leaving his umbrella for security. A search was instituted for him instantly, but bo well did be hide in the scrub that is close to the township, that he managedto elude observation, and baa not Bince, to our knowledge, bean seen or heard of. W^believe it «as intended to subject him to an experiment »ith the hydropathic system if he had beenfound. *hicb, we should imagine, would have been found Jo be pecuuarjy suitable and well adapted to the treatment of his complaint Whkat PLAST3.-Mr. B. F. Ware, of Lewuton, has sent to our office a plant of wheat, consisting of 51 stems over three feet long, grown from a single grain. He says— 'I planted early in April a quantity of the smallest and most shrivelled grains of rusty wheat I could get, and this is the result I hue plenty more equally luxuriant in ftovtb.' 