THE MERCURY. MONDAY MORNING, NOV. 30, 1868. TnE moat important news of the month is the Revolution in Spain, an event that has been long looked on aa inevitable, but which came at last with a-suddenness, ». complete- ness, and a freedom from bloodahed that could scarcely have been anticipated. Queen ISABELLA, ia enjoying her freedom from State affairs in the asylum placed at her service by her " august ally" NAPOLEON, and in the society of her husband and paramour, while Spain, having got rid of a race of whom it has been said they never learned anything from experience and never forgave an injury, is seeking to supply the vacuum. " Wanted a King" is now the necessity of Spain. If there ia » single member of the Bourbon family whom Spain migo, Motpt M bw ritar, it is the DtncE of Uosinsnn, ion of Lora PHILIP of FEAKCE, and husband of DOSSA LOUISA, Infant* of Spain, bat the presumed objection of NAPOLEOS to recognise Spain with a scion of the House of Orleans on the throne, has Riven sach weight to other circumstances adrerse to the DUKE'S claims as to entirely disqualify him. The son of Dos CiBLos.lbe cousin of the QrJEEf.is still more objectionable, and bis generosity in offering to waive bis claims in favor of his son bas been lost on Spain, which has shaken itself free, and apparently for ever, of the House of Bourbon.rocf; and branch. It is said that had MAXIHILIAX, the unfortunate Emperor of Mexico, been alive he had ere now been King of Spain. We are told that his chivalrous character struck the imagination of the Spanish people with such admiration that, bad he been able to make his escape from Mexico, popular enthusiasm in Spain would have hastened by s twelvemonth the hurling of ISABELLA from the throne. Among others whose qualifications and advantages have been discussed is our own Sailor Prince, theDpKEOPEoi.vBtiaoH.against whose youth aud protestantism was set the possibility that he would restore to the throne of Spain, as his dowry, the Bock of Gibraltar.the loss of which " grim fortress" has long bumbled this once proudest of nations in the dust. The Spaniards still look forward to the re- storation of this their ancient possession. It remains a cruel eyesore to them so long as Britain's flag floats from its battle- ments, and it is believed that should the Duke show any sign, and England part with her conquest, the bait would be accepted. The probability is that, as mentioned in our telegram, Ferdinand of SAXE COBUBG, father of the last and present kings of Portugal, will be called on to accept the throne. In the meantime the provisional government bave not been idle, and on the part of a re- volutionised people have as a mere flat solved questions which it would have taken centuries of constitutional government to have achieved. Spain, from being the lowest and most degraded of European nations, having thrown off the Bourbon trammels, its bigotry, pre- judices, and misgovernment, runs the danger, in its first outburst of enthusiasm, of rush- ing into the opposite extreme of ultra democracy. Already universal suffrage, freedom of creed and worship, liberty of the press and of speech, the re-organisation of the army and navy by voluntary en- listment, equalised taxation, unhampered trade and commerce, with a reform of the tariff laws, the inviolability of the post office, and every man's house his castle, are among the articles on which the new con- stitution is to be based. The abolition of capital punishment may be almost con- sidered certain, and yet somewhat incon- sistently, the people who demand this have taken the law into their own hands. A sergeant of artillery, raised to the rank of officer byNABVAEZ for having betrayed his ac- complices in the fatal outbreak of June, 1800, fled on the defeat of the QUEKX'S General, NOVALICHES, which rendered her cause hopeless. He was recognised on his way to France, and handed over to the Junta who ordered him to be shut up in a military prison, on his way to which the relations of some of the betrayed victimslaidhandson him, and aided by the populace of Madrid, put him to death : the only instance, however, that Btains tho moderation and generosity of the people in their blow for freedom. ¡ ISABELLA, true to the instincts of her I race, has learned nothing by the events that expelled her from the throne. If we may judge from the extraordinary manifesto or proteat which she ha« written against her dethronement, she either believes, or affects to believe, that hor reign has connected her name " with the social and political re- generation of the State," and that her life has been one of "sacrifice, vicissitudos.and tender affection" towards her people. Forgetting that she lost the opportunity of possibly ral- lying the people around her son, because in herinfutuation for her paramour, M.MABFOBT, the intendant of her palace,sherejected thead viceand persuasion of her friends to separate from him, she appealed to "the hearts of an immense majority of Spaniards," to separate themselves from rebels and that brute force which, " under the impulse of deluded soldiers," would " peril the interests of religion, the principles of legitimacy and right, and the independence and honor of Spaiu." She, who, when reminded that her connection with MABFOBI would risk her crown, said " what matter ?" and who when appealed to and asked to think of her children, exclaimed, " Come what may !" this infatuated woman dares to insult her subjects by alluding to the principles of legitimacy. She, who, scarcely without disguise, forgot her marriage vows, upbraids her offended subjects by taunting them with " trampling upon the most sacred oathB ;" and while by her public preference of him she had outraged common decency, and made the very appearance in public of her Amoroso irritating to the people, she was bold enough to speak of her cause as identified with th» interests of religion, and the honor of Spain. Making every allowance for her edu- cation, so little in harmony with tho modern progress of European thought, one can hardly believe it possible that she could so little realise her position, and the state of feeling in Spain, as to address the people of it in such terms. ISABELLA is proof against the fact that aversion to her rule is unani- mous, to a degree surprising in a country hitherto so split up into factions. That she should believe her late subjects could be deceived, or restored to their allegiance, by such transparent fallacies and misstatements, is as incredible as that she should hope to win them to that "endearing recollection" of her that will bring them to their senses, and to seek the protection of her " maternal regard," or that they should rely on " the feeling of deep tenderness" she expresses for Spaniards, when the only evidence she gives is calling them " a nation of robbers andassassins," and the revolution "a vortexin which ingratitude, felony, and ambition jostle each other," supported by felons, traitors, ingrates, and perjurers. Truly Spain would have been fallen indeed if its people had been, aa IBABBLLA saya, 'beneath her eon tempt, or their conduct had offended her dignity as a Spaniard, even more than it «antedber dignity as» Queen. ' The people of Spain treated th« Quinfa protwt with eontempt, and enlightened Europe approTes i of their having done sa i THE close of the third series of wool sales ( for the year 1868 has been followed by a , ' general review of the position of the trade ( by the various brokers, and, although it . seems hopeless to look for any improvement f in the rates during the current year,, it is . encouraging to know an opinion prevails at . home that prices have passed their lowest ' point. The circular of Messrs. SOTJTHET and Sox, which we published on Saturday, , gave some interesting particulars regarding the position and prospects of the market. The remarks of that firm are quite in ac- cord with opinions which we have so I frequently expressed as to the necessity for improvement in the breed, quality, and condition of Australian wools, and confirm us in our belief that if attention is given to these points the produce of tbese colonies will maintain the very highest value in European markets. The following is the paragraph to which we refer :-" The general ¡ result of the series (of wool sales) cannot fail to prove most discouraging and dis- appointing to the squatting interest in our colonies, but a careful examination of prices will show that the sacrifices in value have been closely proportionate to the intrinsic merits of the various flocks, and will, perhaps, afford some ad- ditional stimulus to the growth of high class wool, while as regards inferior flocks the conviction will be conveyed that the policy which has been so recklessly pursued, -of aiming at the production of quantity without,or with very little reference to breed, quality, character, or condition,-has reached a limit beyond which any further develop menton remauerative conditions is no longer possible." This is a plain unvarnished state- ment of the truth as regards the principle upon which wool-growing-is conducted in these colonies, especially in Tasmania ; and we fear the catalogues of the fourth series of sales now proceeding, when they, come to hand, will convey a continuance of un- welcome news to most of our sheep far- mers. The details of the last sales which we publish to-day exhibit a tremendous range of prices, from about 4 J. per lb. to 2s. 5d. per lb. or thereabouts, showing that our " superior" fleeces can.still command full rates. New South Wales " extra superior" only brought from 2s. Id. to 2s. 8d. per lb., and Port Philip " extra superior" 2s. öd. to 2s. 8d., while the " superior" fleeces of the same colonies realised only from Is. lid. to 2s. Id. per lb. First-class Tasmanian wool is among the best offered in Great Britain, and it is to be regretted that there is not moro of it. The lesson of the year will not be lost upon our flockmasters, and by stimu- lating improvement in the growth and pre- paration of our wools, present loss may I prove future gain. The cause of the decline in prices during the past season bas been a fruitful topic of discussion in England as well as in the colonies, and it has been difficult to assign a correct reason for it. In the presence of cheap saoney and au abundant harvest, a decline in the prices was one of the last contingencies expected. The only way of accounting for the tall is by the circumstance of over supply. An impression became widely spread, that the production of wool bad overtaken the capabilities of consumption, and hence a general want of confidence was felt throughout the trade. Notwithstanding this, however, the third series of sales has been continued to its fuil extent, and we are glad to learn from circu- lars to hand, that an improved tone, and a partial advance in prices marked the latter sales. Throughout the serios we are told that the biddings were characterized by the utmost uncertainty, but that towards the close thoy became more regular, and an im- pression prevailed when the mail left that the fears so prevalent during the progress of the sales had been greatly exaggerated. The trade of the country was improving, and better hopes were entertained respecting the demand for export, so it may be reason- ably inferred that the November sales will not exhibit any further decline. The quan- tity of wool likely to be submitted will be over 100,000 bales, nearly half of which represents wool held back or withdrawn I from last series. Messrs. Windeier and Bowes inform us that "well-conditioned, ataply wools will be scarce, as the selection of Australian includes much of the excess- ively faulty wool, which was found unsale- able during August. Cipes will form the chief feature, and a large proportion again extra scoured ; these have of late been in better demand, and shewing also improve- ment in growth will attract competition, but the proportion of medium clothing wool will be large." The hope is entertained in England that the mar- ket will be relieved considerably by the demands of the United States. During two or three years past the consumption of wool there has been limited, and the direct im- ports from the Cape and the Uiver Plate very much reduced. The American mills are again, however, getting into working order, and will take a portion of the surplus which Europe cannot consume. In the face of all these circumstances we take it that the inclination of the market is towards an advance in prices. We do not look for much improvement during the present year, but the early sales of 1869 will, we believe, develope a more healthy tone, which the superiority of much of the wool now about to be shipped from Australasian ports will go far to confirm. We need not again urge upon those engaged in the business of wool growing the desirability of continuing to improve their flocks, and to introduce a better system of washing and preparing the wool. The ad ! vantages of such a policy are now so obvious that we cannot for one moment suppose it will be longer neglected. There» another im- portant feature in the management of Tas- manian stations also, which should not be overlooked. At recent agricultural shows attention was prominently called to the fact of many runs being overstocked, and of the consequent depreciation in the quality of the wool, and the constitution of the flocks. The remarks of the Hon. James WHYTE at the late show of the Midland Agricultural Society, held at Campbell Town on the 21st October last were very much to the point, upon this bead. As one of the judges, he alluded to the want'of condition of many of ! the sheep penned, and said (dtbough.they were of the very highest quality they were ?ery poor. He said further, " they were not good farmers that did not give their stock enough to eat. It was plainly perceptible to him in coming up the country that the stock wera ill- fed. The country, according to the returns, he considered very over- stocked. There were now 1,700,000 sheep in Tasmania, which, if reduced to about 1,200,090, would produce more wool and abundance cf mutton, add so do away with a great deal of the meat now imported. This principle of reducing the stock had been acted upon in some parts of the colony, and he (Mr. WHTTE) could say with succès»." In the remarks we have quoted there is serious matter for the consideration of Tas- manian stock growers ; and if they desire to establish the value of their produce in British and foreign markets, it must receive their most earnest attention. I ADDITIONS TO THE LONDON PRESS.-We have received by this mail the first numbers of two additions to the Loudon press. The one is the i PaU Mall Budget, being a weekly collection of articles printed in the Pall Mall Gazette from day to day, together with a summary of news. It will thus be a valuable addition to the publica- tions intended for transmission abroad. The other is the Lotvlon Atlas printed for and by the same publisher as the Atlas, and like it, states itself, " A weeky journal of politics, literature, and news," and is published iu the same form. It gives no explanation of the circumstances to which the public is indebted for its appearance whether asa auccessor,supplement,or rival, of the Atlat. . THE REOATTA.-The prospects of the great aquatic festival, which has generally ushered iu the new year, are, for the present season, of a more than ordinarily promising natnre. The usual subscribers have come forward in their accustomed liberal sty)e,aud the committee being anxious to maintain the prizes at the same rate as for last and the preceding year, during both of which the amounts competed for were larger than on previous occasions, have used increased exertions to obtain additional subscrip- tions, with,*we are happy to say, complete success. The entries for all the races were received at the Bird-in-Hand Hotel on Saturday evening, and were very satisfactory as regards numbers, the amount of money paid in being in excess of that obtained last year. In addition to the entries already received,it is expected that several others will come in before the time for finally closing the lists. Subscribers who have not received tbeir cards for the grand stand can obtain thurn by making application to the bon. Secretary, Mr. J. W. Gill. We understand that in addition to the purse received last week, and mentioned at the time in The Jferatrj/jseveral others bave been received. The total number of entries is 55,as compared with 69 for last year,but there is a prospect of several other boats, as already mentioned, being added to the list as it stands at present. Tho flotilla will start from the boat harbour punctually at 9 a.m. REGATTA NIGHT AT THE THEATRE ROYAL. Mr. W. H. Bent announces an entertainment at the Theatre Royal to-morrow evening, in which mesmerism, music, and the drama are to go hand in hand. The combination of talent announced for the occasion is peculiar to say the least of it, and the entertainment singularly diversified. First, there is to be a voca],charasteristic,mu3Ícal and terpsichorean melange, in which Messrs. Bant, J. H. Melvyn, Linly Norman and others, will take part ; this is to be fol- lowed by Professor Hume in his phre- nological and mesmeric entertain nient, and the programme concludes with Byron's grand burlesque extravangaza of " the Grin bushes or the Mrs. Browu of the Missis-Sippi" the caste of which is to be supported by Messrs. Bent, Melvyu, and amateurs. Mr. J. H. Burton, a comedian from the Dake of Edinburgh Theatre Melbourne, is also to make his appearance in this piece. THE SUB-MABINE TELEGRAPH CABLE.-We publish in another column to-day, an extract from a letter received by a gentleman in this city from Captain Gilmore, wherein he says, he " hopes to see the cable ready in Jauuary next." MECHANICS' INSTITUTE.- A lecture is to delivered at the Mechanics' Institute this evening by Dr. Borncastlo, M.R.C.P., M.R.C.S. &c.;, ou Australian Snake Bites, their treatment and cure. The lecture is in aid of the funds of the institute, the charge for admission being as usual. An advertisement appears in another column. CORAL FROM THE ISLANDS.-A consignment of three cases of coral has been received in town via Sydney from the South Sea Islands, being a present from the native teachers to the Sunday School children of the four Independent Schools of Hobart Town, as a slight acknowledgment of the liberality displayed by the schools iu rai- sing funds for tho support of the native teachers. It is inteuded by the Committee to preseut a portion of tho coral to each of the scholars. LICENSING MEETING, CLARENCE.-The Magis- trates of the Clarence Municipality have re- solved to simply meet to-morrow morning, and adjourn till Weduesdayat ten o'clock, for the purpose of granting publicans' licences, in conse- quence of to-morrow being Regatta day. THE REGATTA. -The Executive Committee will meet this evening at 8 p.m. at the Bird-in Hand Hotel. Post entries will be taken by the secretary, (Mr. Gill) at his office Stone Buildings during the day, or by the committee during the evening. ACCIDENT.-On Friday last an accident of a very painful natur* occurred near the Sandfly at the Huon. Some men were engaged in cutting down a tree, when it suddenly fell and caught the foot of a boy named John Lucy, crushing it against a sapling, and splitting the boot and the foot nearly from the instep to the toes. The lad was at once cared for by his companions, and on Saturday morning was brought to town and lodged in the general hospital. _ Dr. Bright took charge of the case, and the patient is now doing well. UNION QUARTZ CRUSHING COMPANY.-An ex- traordinary general meeting of shareholders in the Union Quartz Crushing Company was held on Thursday evening, at the Mechanics' Institute, Launceston. Mr. James Robertson occupied the chair. The secretary's report contained the following paragraphs : -" In pursuance of a resolution passed at the annual meeting of share- holders, the Directors beg to say that they have had since that time several prospecting opera- tions carried out under the supervision of Mr. Carnegie, the manager, and they regret to havo to report to the shareholders that no discovery has resulted from those operations, in tbeir opinion warranting a farther continuance of expenditure. Acting on this conviction they have suspended all work at the mine, and have called the present meeting of shareholders to obtain an expression of opinion on the desirable- ness of winding up the company. Tho mining managers report was read, and after a long discussion a resolution was passed to the effect that it is desirable the Directors be empowered to wind up the company. Mr. Postal handed iu a protest against this course. It was decided to hold the next regular meeting of shareholders in twenty-oue days from the present, and that it be advertised in Hobart Town and Launceston papers. GOVERNOR GORE BROWNE TESTIMONIAL. A meeting of the general committee was held in the Town Hall yesterday afternoon, when a let- ter from the Hobart Towu Committee was read, enclosing the following resolution : -" That this committee, having had under consideration the presentation of a testimonial to bis Excel- lency Colonel Gore Browne, adhere to tho origi- nal intention of presenting a ' personal testimo- nial' to his Excellency as proposed and adopted at the first meeting, for which course there aro several recent precedents." The committee hero thereupon resolved to continue canvassing for subscriptions, the lists to be sent in by the 11th December. It was also resolved that in forwarding the subscriptions to the testimonial it be made an instruction from this committee to the executive committee in Hobart . Town, that the sam so subscribed shall only be appropriated as a personal testimonial to the Governor, and shall not be applied in any other manner except by the sanction of this committee and that in the event of the subscriptions not being appro- priated as above, the funds ? subscribed shall be refunded to the subscribers.-.Examiner, No- vember 28th. THE DUKE OF EDINBURGH.-We understand that the Dake of Edinburgh has given two Bit tings to Mr. Robert Dowling for his portrait to be hang in the Mediamos' Institute atong with those of the Queen, Prince Albert, the Prince and Princess of Wales-all painted by the same artist. The Duke was to favor Mr. Dowling with two more sittings,-Ria. ACCTDEST.-Richard Western, 13 years of age, son of a bootcloser, met with an accident on Sunday evening by falling from the wall known as the " Bata' Castle," Elizabeth-street, and in doing so severely lacerated his left leg a little be- low the knee joint. The wound, which is four inches in length, was sewn np by Dr. Stokell, and the patient remains in the general hospital. THE LATE CIVIL SITTING.-It should have been stated in the case of McGregor v. Harms worth, tried in the Court of Requests' Jurisdic- tion on Thursday that Mr. D'Emden, plaintiff's counsel, was instructed by Mr. Hookey. THE LATEST ABOUT COÜST VOS ATXBJÍS.-A friend who had an interview with a passenger from Cape York, has communicated the follow- ing to the Gladstone ObserKr :-The Hamlet's Ghost with the spurious Count on board, put into Somerset (Cape York), on or about the 15th of August. On being boarded by the police boat, he made inquiries as to whether a frigate had arrived there, and on being answered in the affirmative became agitated and eagerly inquired »boat her movements, but appeared relieved when told that the vessel was H.MS. Virago, and that she had left the settlement in January. He remained eight days, and during the whole time kept a bright look out for vessels in the offing. The captain and crew were dischar- ged in consequence of a row between the " Count" and the captain, in which revolvers were drawn. The crew refused to put the captain in irons. It appears that the Count had kept them in awe by threatening to give them 25 lashes a piece when lie fell in with the Austrian frigate he was always expecting. The ActiDg Police Magistrate induced the crew to re-ship nnder a fresh agreement, all but the captain and steward, who remained behind. While in port the Couut was always dressed in the uniform of an Austrian captain of cavalry, and wore a sword when on shore. He made a great display of the money he had with him, and purposely left bills of exchange lying about his cabin for visitors to see, many of which were filled in for large amouuts,andonly wanted his signature. He succeeded in imposing upon the authorities, taking supplies- for his vessel and paying for them in bills, which the holders will doubtless discover are about as valuable as drafts upon Aldgate pump. Among those who were swindled are two naturalists, one named Thorpe. The Count bought stuffed birds, &c;, from them, to the amount of about £30, but some slight compunction must have touched him, tor coutrary to custom, he paid them half cash aud half by a bill. He sailed for Batavia on the eighth day, leaving letters for the captain of the Austrian frigate and his bankers in Sydney ! The frigate was ordered to follow him on to Timor. The captain he has with bim is one Austin, late master of the brig Reliance, which was wrecked on the Solomon Group. He was picked up and brought into Bowen, whence he shipped as mate on board the Hamlet's Ghost. Two day's after BUe left Somerset, the schooner Captain Cook arrived from Bowen with a warrant for the arrest of the Count. NEW ZEALA2TE. - The Argus says :-" A private letter from Dunedin states that the. late news from the seat of war has occasioned great excitement, and not a little wrath there. The general Government is blamed for these disasters, and it is not forgotten that the apparently mistaken encouragement given to the Maories by Sir George Grey and Bishop Selwyn has had a great deal to do with the spirit which the rebels are ex- hibiting. Raw recruits are beiug embodied in Dunedin, aud sent forward to the North Island, but the greater number of them have never before handled a musket. Yet, unprepared as they are, they are at once marched off to the front." A CLEVER SWISDLER.-What, the Courier describes as " a very neat swindle" has been dis- covered at Ballarat. " The rogue," says our contemporary, " who has never been connected with the establishment of his victim, has watch- ed the delivery of goods at various houses, and then, by the aid of purloined or forged bill-heads, coolly proceeded to collect the accounts. He appears to have taken careful note of the des- cription of goods delivered, and must have been well acquainted with the business, since the prices charged in these fictitious accounts aro strictly iu accordance with the rates of the trade. At a few places where he called, ho fouud that the accounts nao. uncu paiu , uni uç uuud«» im.,- j self from this difficulty by accusing the clerk of making a mistake. The extent of his collections has not as yet been ascertained; buta sufficient number of cases have so far been discovered as to show that they amount to no inconsiderable sura." CLERICAL SCANDAL AT ALBURY.-The Spec- tator thus refers to the alleged clerical scandal at Albury : -" Within the last few days rumor has been busy with what some have been pleased to term another clerical scandal, and the fact of the persons concerned being in Albury, instead of the metropolis, made the gossip all the more interesting; but unfortunately for those who take delight in hearing and talking of clerical backslidiugs, the whole affair proves a new edi- tion of the tale of the three black crows, a very slight substratum of fact being made the ground woik for the most startling assertions. The real facts of the case, as brought out at an investiga- tion already held into the affair, and as furnished to us by a gentleman, who is in a position to f ur uish them correctly, are as follows : - It appear» that a young woman at Albury has recently stated with regard to one of the ministers of that town, that he had promised to marry her, aud that she was engaged to be married to him whenever his wife should die. The foolish statement having been circulated by the young woman, and having reached the ears of the min- ister concerned, he immediately requested that the matter should be investigated by competent parties. A full investigation accordingly was made, when the statement has turned out to be a complete fabrication, the young woman having, in the opinion of all concerned in the investiga- tion, contradicted herself in every way. It turns out, and was freely admitted, that thore is very considerable animosity between tho young woman and the family of the minister, and the impression was left on the minds of all present that this animosity was the reason why the state- ment was made. Anything of an improper or crimiual nature was entirely repudiated by the young woman herself." No REMEDY FOB DAMAGE DONE BY RABBITS. The Queen's Bench has just decided a very impor- tant question upon the liability of an owner for damage done by rabbits. Tho plaintiff was a tenant of the defendant, holding uuder a lease, by which the lessee was prohibited from killing game and rabbits. Near the farm was a wood in which rabbits were perserved, and whence they wander- ed abroad and damaged the neighboring crops. For the injury so done to the plaintiff he brought an action in the County Court, aud recovered damages ; the liability of the defendant for such an injury was 'reserved for the opinion of the Queen's; Bench. The court unanimously held that such an action would not lie. There was no responsibility in law or in reason for animals, ferie natura:, over whose doings the defendant could have no control. If such an action were allowed, what would be its limit ? The proprietor of a coppice would be liable for the cocks and hens stolen by a fox that harbored there ; damages might be recovered from a man who would not pull out the blackbirds' nest, in his plantations, because the young birds ate his neighbors' fruit. At the first blush of it nothing seems more fair than that a man, if he pleases to cultivate nox- ious animals, should pay for the damage they do. But tho worth of a principle is tested by apply- ing it to a variety of circumstances, and the reductio ad abmrdum is really an excellent test. Thus tried, the liability of a man for his rabbits is found to rest on no better ground than liability for rats, foxes and blackbirds. It may be said, perhaps, that here is a wrong without a remedy. But it is not so. The remedy is for the person who is damaged by the rabbits to kill them when tliey are upon his land doing damage, as he has a right to do. lu the present instance tho plaiu I tiff had deprived himself of that remedy by a ' voluntary covenant in the lease not to kill thom, so that he lias sufferod no Aal wrong after all. STOPPING A CANNON BALL.~A boy, named William Jones, 13 years of ago, lately met with aseriousaccidentatBagilt. The Chester Artillery Corps have their practice ground near the Dee Bank Works, where they have two 30-pounders i stationed, aud it has been the custom of officers to give Cd. for each ball found upon the sands and ' returned. One day a squad were firiug, when j the injured boy and two others went on the sands j in searoh of balls, When his friends had found I two eaeh and Jonos but one, ho told the others 1 that " he owned the next. " Just then a ball j came bounding along the sands, and the nilly boy placed his legs together with the intention of stopping its progress. The ball passed be- tween his legB, taking with it the calf of one leg entirely. He was at once conveyed home and medical assistance called in, but it was fouud 1 necessary to amputate the leg a little below the c knee. The poor fellow is progressing favourably, t -Chester Paper, , i 