NORTHERN DOWNS. from our vagrant beforteit. I don t profess to know much about bt. Valentine or his proclivities, nevertheless the day associated with his memory naturally sug gests tho idea of correspondence, and it occurs to mo that I havo been somowhat remiss lately in my djit-y towards yourself, considers ing your long forbearance with my vagrant propensities. My silence, however, has not been altogether unavoidable, inasmuch as many cause and unavoidable duties have prevented my doing as J could wish or otherwise would have dono. I trust that this confession will pass muster as the 'amende honourable,' and that you will not consider me altogether abandoned to vagrant habits. Sinoe my last very little has transpired of sufficient public interest to bo worth recording. As a township wo are pursuing tho oven tenor of our way in dull monotony. Business- there is none worth talking about, not enough to keep a man in salt, to say nothing of beef and tea and damper. In fact any enterprising individual might do a stroke by exhibiting a real golden sovereign, provided he made tho. charge for admission sufficiently low for our menus and compass. You aro aware that I don't " sit down," as tho blacks say, in tho town of Condamine : well, tho other day I had occasion to coiuc into town, oa business, aud, as a provision for necessary expense, I brought with me a cheque of sra&U; amount, and as healthy and good as if it had been signed by Baron Rothschild himself. Do you think I could get chango for it? not & bit of it. At the first place I presented it, after purchasing some tuings, 1 was civilly asked to wait until they got change, and, as the matter was of very little momcut, I left the cheque and went about other business. Some hours after I managed to get one pound on account, and proceeded to tako stock of the town. Going to a store to get some trifling article I wanted, I tendered the pound-note (just received) in payment. All the silver the establishment could raiso was ono half-crown and ono shilling. They certainly offered to give me their I.O.U for tho bulancc, some six shillings, but this I declined to accept pre ferring to tuke it out In goods, which at tho time I did not particularly want. Having completed my purchusos I departed with. three shillings and sixpence in my pocket, and having invested the shilling somehow or other would rovivo my melancholy feelings, conse quent upon witnessing such n deplorable state of commercial affairs, accordingly I repaired to ono of tbo shrines of Bacchus to procuro the vivifying 'elixir. Having obtained tho refresher, which, in justice to the landlord, I must say was genuino battle axn, and Al both in quantity and quality, I drank it with great gusto, and tendered my last half-crown in payment, I leave you to guess iny astonish ment at tho appearanco of another ghost, and I was informed that all the change they could raise was one shilling, which was duly pro- seuted to me, and I was coolly told they would owe tno tho sixpence ; of course as politely as possible I acquiesced iu the arrange ment, although it amounted to my paying one shilling and sixpence for my nobbier, see ing it is not very likely I shall ever apply for my sixpence. This was all the change I over aaw for my cheque in the shape of money. Seeing how thiogs were I immediately in vested the remainder in goods with my first friend, and proceeded homeward in disgust and saddened in spirit at such melancholy revelations. From this you will be ablo to form some idea of the naturo and extent of business operations hero. I assure you the picture U not at all overdrawn, but is strictly mid literally true and what actually happened to myself. Do I not, then, speak truly when I say business— there is none ? Another batch, nine in nnmber, of Papuan savages, alias South Sea Islanders, passed through this township tho other day 'en route' for Mitchell Downs, under bondage to Edmund Morey, of Eu&ton;, illustrious us the author of that celebrated communication to the 'Guardian' "Criticisms on Critics," and certainly a moro sapless, savcyless sample of humanity it has seldom been my lob to witness. Emaciated in constitution, stolid ab to mental dcvolopcmcnt of any kind, without one spark of Intelligence, unable even to make themselves understood by signs, they were driven to their destination more like a flock of sheep than anything else. I tried to con verse with them, but it was useless; all I could get from tbem was a simple repetition of something approaching tho sound 1 uttered or the sign I used ; in short, they are nothing more or less than mcro mocking birds How such men (if you can call them men) are to he rendered useful in our labour market I am at a loss to conccivo ; they must bo dear evon at £G ycr year aud their rations, and I am quite sure tbat ono Australian 'Papuan would do moro work in n week than five of these savages would do in a month. "Why, otAmby Downs, where the last lot wcro sent to do their time, it takes four of them to mind one flock of 1,500 sheep, and one white man on horseback to sbepberd tbo shepherds. This sort of arrungement is not likely to prove as remunerative to their employers as Mri Mylno aud others seem or at least pretend to imagine. But it is useless to attempt to beat common sense into tho heads of our sapien; legislators. Tboy will persist in their folly in spite of ovcry. warning until they bring about some publio catastrophe, and find out by experience that they are kicking against 