IMPROVED STATIONS IN RIVERINA. (PBOM TEE BPBCIAL BEFOBTSR OP THE FABTOEIL TIMES.) In order to remove much misconception in the public mind as to the condition of the stations in Southern Riverina, and particularly to inform those who have not had an opportunity of making themselves acquainted with the improved system of wool cleansing by hot and cold water operating on the sheep's back, I present the following as the first of a series of these articles:— Coree station is forty-eight miles north of Deniliquin, and is on the Billabong Creek, I give the modus operandi in cleansing the wool on the sheeps' backs by hot and cold water. The washing depot is on the northern side of the Billabong Creek, and the soaking and spouting tanks are about twelve yards from the bank, through which a sluice is cut to feed the centrifugal pump, and which is placed in position at the head of the sluice, and near the spouting tank. The engine, working a centrifugal pump, is one of sevenhorse power, bought at Melbourne for £280, and is worked to a pressure of 501bs. to the square inch. It is most compact, and keeps the machinery in motion with perfect ease; of fuel it consumes one cord of wood every two days; the wood ie 'cut for 3s. per cord, and is conveyed to the engine by station drays. The boilers are of 400 gallons each, and are filled by a two-inch pipe from the spouting trough, and it takes about an hour to make the water boil. They are generally filled the last thing at night, a little fire being put on, so that in the morning they are soon neated. The hot water soak is 28ft. long by from 4Jft. at bottom to 5ft. at top, and 5ft. deep, divided into four compartments, and contains 2,000 galllons of water, to which are added lOlbs. of soap and lOlbs. of soda for every 1,000 sheep to be -washed. The hot soak is cleaned out every evening, the bottom dipping to a box drain which, closed and opened with a valve, conveys the soiled water to the creek. The temperatnre of the water in the soak is kept up to 101 deg., and washing commences first thing in the morning. The sheep are brought from the yards contiguous to the depot to the small yard terminat ; ng in a platform erected two feet above ,the hot water soak into which they are plunged as required. They are then guided into a compartment a little wider than themselves, where they stay for about three minutes. When the proper time has arrived they are allowed to go forward on to a platform, a little above the level of the top of the water of the hot bath. Here the sheep stands for a tims—greatly reduced in bulk, the wool sticking close to his sides—the hot water trickling down and returning to the hot soak down the platform. The sheep now gets breathing time, and though looking much cleaner and less like a vagrant than he did before he got his hot bath, still he is only half clean. Here he stands looking about him, apparently bewildered at the operation. The steam engine close by is puffing away, while perhaps the washers are singing " Cheelyman," a song well known to those who have crossed the seas. Eventually the sheep is seized by a man, in whose bare, brawny arms the 501bs. or 601bs. of mutton encased in wool are as nothing- The animal is now pitched neck and crop into the cold spouting tank, where he is remorselessly seized by two men, one taking hold of the head, the other of the two hind legs,- they hold and turn the struggling 6heep under the douche, where the water descends from two wide thin jets with great force and in large quantity over the head and body of the bewildered creature. He is kept from forty to' fifty seconds under the jets. The process, hot and cold, takes about five and a-half minutes. The sheep goes in a dirty brown, with clotted and matted locks or fleece, and lands on this platform a milky white, his woolly coat or fleece fitting closely to his sides. Though glad to get from the power of the operators,- the sheep in some instances becomes so weakened as to be unable to keep his legs, in which case he lies helplessly down on the battened platform—bis fat sides panting, his eyes dilated, mouth a little open, and tongue protruding, he himself looking the picture of despair, apparently about to give up the ghost; should he lay long in this position, be is helped upon his legs by one of the men, and finally the animal walks or totters to terra ftrma, quietly making his way into the adjoining paddock, which i6 one of a series of paddocks leading to the woolshed. Through this process 1,700 sheep are put daily, but the appliances on the ground are capable of turning out 2,000 per diem. There are four spouts, and each one is capable -of doing 70 sheep per hour. It struck: me that these brush fences answered admirably; they keep the wind from raising the dust, as the outer part of the wetted wool would of course freely catch any dust blowing about, and the outer side of the fleece would lose its whiteness, though the tnass of wool, from its cohesiveness, would run no risk of being thus contaminated. For a period, dependent on the drying qualities of thi> atmosphere, of from two to three days, the washed sheep is allowed to roam about these paddocks until he has been handed over to the shearer. Here the sheep is denuded of his woolly coat, which it took nim twelve months' grazing to bring to its present weight, and it now weighs about 40oz.—the wool of sheep fed on the frontage of the run having lost in specific gravity by the cleansing process about 24oz. of dirt, grease, potash, &c.; Sheep from the dry back blocks, where they -have to travel far for food, and where the surface soil is greatly mixed with sand, lose about sixty or seventy per cent, in weight of fleece. In thip^saltbush country the fleeces will not be as heavy as in the richer and more fertile districts of the colony. Here in Riverina it takes throughout the year about four acres of average land to sustain a sheep, in other and richer districts one acre suffices. In' die saltbush country, therefore, the sheep must travel in search of food—hence he does not fatten so quickly as if he could satisfy Lis appetite on a email area, and by the same rule the fleece is not so heavy as in better favoured localities, so that, independent of the breed or size of the sheep, it is still an open question whether carcase and wool can be brought to the same perfection in the 'Riverine territory, with its -sparsely furnished herbage of grasses^ as they are/ for instance, in the rich districts of the Western parts of Victoria. It is still an open question whether quantity of country can make amends for quality in the soil. In about 100 hours, then, at Coree, from the time when the sheep were plunged into the hot bath, tho wool is washed clean, the sheep shorn, fleeces sorted, wool packed by powerful machinery, and the woolen route for Kngland.oJa Melbourne. There were about' twenty-five shearers employed in the shed, and a few assistants, wool winders, and pickersup, at 15s. a week and food; for shearing, 18s. per 100 were paid, and as a first-class shearer can clip eighty sheep a day, the average hand can do about fifty or sixty—the earningB of each man would be from 9s. to 16s. per day, the men finding themselves. At the stations they can purchase meat and flour at about cost price, and sleeping room costs them nothing. The 35,000 sheep at Coree (there are 14,000 lambs—these are not to be shorn) are expected to turn out about 150,1001bs. weight of clean wool, or roughly estimated at, 67 tons, and as each fleece is expected to bn worth 5s at least —making a total of £13,250 for the season's clip. The amount paid for shearing would be £477, to which may be added about 20 per cent, for assistants, or (say) £600, and the carriage would be something like £300. The station and cattle were, a few years ago sold to Messrs. Mackinnon and Lydiard for about £60,000, since which Mr. Samuel Wilson purchased it from them, and has changed it to a sheen station—it is enclosed by wire fencing,'and is so sub-divided as to carry 53,000 sheep and 14,000 lambs, with working horses, bullocks, <£c.—the acreage is 130,000—up to March last there were 74,000 full-grown sheep on Coree. but this was after an exceptionally fine season, as the winter of 1867\. The sheep are all of the Merino type, 2, 4, and 6-toothed—among them are 1000 ewes and 300 rams of Bayly's fine breed : the wool is of considerable fineness, has much waving, some is shore in staple, but moderately fine in fibre—it possesses the two excellent qualities of soundness and fineness. A practical woolsorter of eminence examined specimens in my presence and pronounced them as being nearly as clean as they could be if washed by the best process known. It is customary in England to allow 151bs. per cent, for dirt on best cleansed wool—on the Coree wool he would allow 181bs., being a difference of only 31bs. in lOOlbs. Of course there are immense improvements on Coree—one dam alone has cost £1000, and the capital invested is very considerable —in superior stock, in fencing in wells, and in scores of small works. " Economy " is here the rule under the able management of the chief superintendent, Mr. Maclean, Coree represents. the bright and successful side of squatting. Though the returns look large, I do not think from minute calculations, they average more than 15 to 17 per cent,—one season with another-—and taking all the risks into consideration. While successful squatting pays well in the hands of men owning large capital; it is an avocation demanding more than the average amount of shrewdness, perseverance under difficulties, and activity. Turningfrom the Crown tenant to the Crown itself—there is p splendid future for New South Wales in these extensive squatting runs under wise legislation. Reverse the picture, however, and let the political warcvy be "havoc"—undermine these improving sheep walks in the' confidence of capitalists the State's property will decrease in value, and New South Wales will have a large territory overrun with masses of poor settlers who may exist, but can hardly be prosperous. ROTARY STEAM ENGINE.—The Newburyport Herald reports that Dr. Benjamin Atkinson, of that city, has been at work for several years in constructing find perfecting a rotary steam engine, which promises to give the steady rotary power of a water-wheel. This engine is described as a solid cylinder, or core, with wings or paddles, like a waterwheel, revolving in "a hollow cylinder, the steam being introduced between the paddles and a vibratory partition, which furnishes the surface against which the steam reacts, the different paddles being arranged with reference to each other as regards the letting on and cutting off of steam. It is claimed for this machine that it will obviate the dead centre nuisance of the ordinary steam engine, save one-half the fuel by presenting double the surface to the action of the steam which a reciprocating engine of equal power does, and is less liable to get out order than other engines. SURGICAL SEPARATION OP THE SIAMESE TWINS.—The scientific world, and especially that portion of it who have made the study of medicine and surgery their profession, cannot fail to be intensely interested in the fact which has recently come to our knowledge, of the determination of Chang and Eng, the Siamese twins, to submit to a surgical operation for the purpose of dissevering the wonderful link that has so long bound them together. Some forty years .ago these twins were introduced to the notice of the civilised world, having been brought to England from Siam in the year 1827 or 1828, by Captuin Bunker, at'present living in New York, and for a series of years they were exhibited to the public at all the great centres of civilization. Having visited America, they determined to make this land their home. They bought a valuable tract of land in North Carolina, married two sisters, and settled down in the ordinary routine of a farmer's daily life. Each of them is now the father of nine children. The reason tor their determination at this late day to call in the art of surgery to produce an entire physical separation is" that, having reached such an advanced.age (59 years), they are tearful that one may become the subject of disease, which may prove fatal to both. The interesting question arises, what are the probabilities of a successful operation being performed ? v It will be remembered in pursuing these enquiries that the twins are held together by quite a massive link of thoroughly normal and perfectly vitalised integument some ten or twelve inches in circumference, situated near the vital organs, and in close proximity to the heart and lungs; and the connection is so in~ timate that each 6eems to be thoroughly an organised portion of the other, as much so as any. of the ordinary members of a naturally constituted human body. Sensation, nervous impression, mental phenomena, morbid, physical, and nervomental conditions, all show a most perfect psychical unity in this wonderful dual physical existence. The question in regard to the result of an operation is.-no new one, bnt soon after their first appearance in London and Paris it excited the minfls of the foremost intellects in the surgical world. If we remember rightly, tne "Twins" were exhibited before the Academy of Physicians and Surgeons in Paris at that time for the purpose of ascertaining their opinion in regard to the probabilities of a successful operation. The disagreement jn regard thereto, we believe, led to the abandonment of the project. Has die science of surgery so rapidly - advanced that to-day successful resnlts can be promised when there was so much doubt a score or two years ago ? We understand they contemplate visiting Paris for the purpose of having the operation performed.—Men York Tribune. 