INHUMAN DEPRAVITY OF PARENTS. A pitiable caso of inhuman depravity was brought before the Water Police Bench yesterday by Bonior constablo Gannon, of tho St Leonards police division. A family of four little children,-aged respectively six years, foar years and six months,- two years and nine months, and one .year; ¡and. ; six months . were brought up for protection, the misory and nogleot thoy had been for a lengthened, period subjected to by the habitual drunkenness of both I parents being, as detailed by tho constable, quito shooting,* Tho parents, Alexander McDougall (who, it appears, is a stonemason, and when sober a man capable of earning a good living for bis family), and: Elizabeth McDougall, were in court, and their appearance denoted the life of dopravity they had led. Constablo Gannon stated that he, had hau frequent occasion to call in at tho hut in whioh tho wretched family,, resided, . having, by . their . neighbours, his attention many times directed to tho misery of tho . poor little children. Ho , "had in- variably found both fathor and mother in a stats.of torpid and 'insensible drunkenness, the children naked, filthy, and ia a starving state. In fast, their hom« was a sceno of horror he aould not dorcribe. Mr. Woolcott, of St. Leonards, corroborated constablo Gannon's evidence in every particular. Ho said tho family resided in a hut bolonging to him, and ho had long tried. to got them ejected from it. On Wednesdiy, at about 8 o'clock, in a state of brutal . drunkenness, : McDougall brought four little children to his house, and called him out.' Ho (McDougall) placed those little things within tho gato of the yard and left thom thoro. Mr. Woolcott asked him what he meant by leaving tho children thora? but ho walked away, cursing and swearing, and . said " What do : I caro for them-what can you do with me ?" Mr. Woolcott saw that M'Dougall was drunk and vio- lent. Did not follow him, but took tho unfortunate littlo creatures into his house,; caused them to be stripped of ? tho fow filthy rags they bad upon thom, and to bo washod, dressed, and fed. He kept them until ovoning, and than handed thom over to the ser- geant for police protection. The Bench oraorad tho childron to bo sent to the Destitute Children's Asylum at Randwick, and tho fathor to bo talton up, and charged with deserting thom'. Mr. Voss sovo'roly admonished tho mothor ot the chil- dren for her inhuman depravity, tolling «or sho might, go free/ but' sho could not have her children again. The fathor was fully committed for trial for deserting them. . ODDFELLOWS' BENEFIT.-An entertainment - con- sisting of tho play, of tho " Game of Speculation," a highland fling, and "O'Csllaghan on his .Last Legs," was last night presented at tho Princo of Wales Opera House, for the benefit of the Oddfellows Kew Hall Building Fund. The perforavmces were good, and tho attendance was bad. Messrs. Atdorson's band formed a great attraction of the entertainment, and played a variety of musical selections with an ability that no other private band in Sydnoy eon lay claim to. . . . CoirruKENTAnY DINKIER.-A dinnor was given yesterday evening to Mr. Josh. Noble, of George street, by a aumbor of tradesmen resident on Brick- field Hill, and other friends, as a mark of their respect and esteem of Mr. Noblo os an enterprising and worthy colonist Tho mooting took'place et tho Golden Gate, and tho party included manv well known residents of the city, Mr. George Howitt occupied tho ohair, Mr. P. Rousseau officiating as vico chairman. The usual loyal toasts wero proposed and received with tho customary honours, and the health, bf the guest and his family having boen drunk with enthusiasm tho proceedings terminated. 'TEUPBIUNCB MBBTIKO.-A meeting was hold last evening in tho Temporáneo Hall, Pitt-stroot;. Mr. John Davies, G.W.P.M., in the chair. There was a good attendance, and tho meeting was > addressed by Messrs. ' Lucas, Dóuglas, tho chairman, and others. Several poisons signed the pledgo at tho conclusion of tho proceedings. . SALE or GODLBOON FBOFRBTT.-Tho building known as Coaolly's mill, with the dwetllng-houto and about fifteen acres of land thereto attached, in the city ti Goulburn, bas, wa understand, been sold by the repre- sentativos of tho late Mr. F. Oakes to Mr. G. W. Allen, of (he firm of Allen, Bowden, and Allen, solicitors, Sydney, The pu e'aaso money is stated to be £8200 - Goulburn Herald. Tno LATE BISHOP OF GHAPTOK ANO ARMIDALE, -I A large ond influential committee of clergy and laity have embodied themselves in tbs neighbourhood in which the late Bishop Sawyer resided in England for tan years previous to hts consecration, for the purpose, of rolling a fund for the benefit of his four childron, for whose (duration ho has left no adequate provision. Tho sum of £1800 had been raised in Juno, for the Trust Fund. ' GOLD QUARTZ AT THE CLARENCE RIVER.—We wero shown, says the Clarenco Examiner, on Wodnesday last, about ten pounds woight of quarts, thickly im- pregnated with gold, whioh had been obtained from a quartz reef about thirty-flvo milos from Grafton, said tobo at the junotion of tho south branch of tho Clárenos with tho Mann rivers, and tituate on a por- tion of Mr. W. A. B. Greaves'' run, known , as New- bold, Tho specimens certainly Indicated that' the reef from which tho same was procured must bo very pro- lific, and with tho nocctaary maobinory for oruBhlng, a uld not fail te elvo employment to a numbor of practical mon, and ylold a very large return; At the prosent time there are few hands working, but so san ?ulno are they cf the richness of the reef, hat (hoy came into town and telegraphed to the _ Government fer minors' rights to bo issued by tbs Clerk of Potty Sessions, whioh application waa granted, and after proourlng tho same tue men loft town, well supplied with rations, and ero lons, we hope to hear further particulars, aa thoso upon whom rollanoo may be plaoed havo already loft for tho vicinity of the reef, «nd may bo exported baolt in thoo ureoof a fow days. We understand that up to the present, thora are no alluvial olaims oponed, therefore parties should not rush off hastily, as, if conflaod to quarts, the roof,however Hob, will require capital in order to procuro tho machinery requisito to obtain tho prooloua metal. A party returned to town yesterday, and tho news brought by him has induced many »ho woro wsivoring, to detormlno upon " trying their fortuna at this now El Dorado '* - no loes than a dozen minors' rights having been issuod by tho 0\. P. S. yojtorday, A number of oitiiona aro loaving Oiofton this (Tuesday) morning for tbs neighbour. huod«f the reef. Tho Rockhampton Bulletin draws attentioa to tho fact that letters, poe tod for Melbourno by Sydney boat«, arrive at their destination only aftor being sub- jected to tho Drlebnno postmark. The letters reach Sydney, oro thon sent back to Brisbane, and ate Anally cleared out for Holoouroe, ' Tho traita» of the Maitland Sohool of Arl* lam have »greed to pey £60 towards proouring designs fo the now Sohool of Arts, in accordance with th resolution recently passed by tho Municipal Oounci to that effect. The Maitland Mercury learns that in tho caso o Adam Nixon, of Branxton, committed for trial to th next Quarter Sessions, on tho ohargo of stealing pig which had been impounded by ono Charlea Hughes, the Attorney-General docllnos to prosecute. . A now journal is announced for publication in Waggi Wagga-The Wogga Advertiser-whioh the Exprès welcomes as likely to promoto the free and fair dis ouseioa of topics of public interest and.of opinion differing from its own.' . : A telegram from Sydnoy to the Maitland Mercury ToooWod on Wednesday n'ght says:-," Mr. Parkes intends to lay before Parliament, papers vorifying hi statements nt Kiama respooting tha conspiracy whicl he believes existed in oonneetloa with the attemptei assassination of Prince Alfred. : An inspootor of publio accounts has presented him self at various plaoos'whore Courts of Petty Sossioa are hold, and demanded, a general inspection of th accounts. It is stated that ho is very well up in hi businoss, and is strictly searching ia his oxamina tiona. :r . , Tho Mayor of Morpeth, at tho last meeting of the Borough Council, laid a tracing of tho'proposed im provomonts on tho town common, whioh have beet promised to be effected at the expense of the Close family. The plan provides for an oval cricket ground in the centre af the reserve, a handsome carriage driv round, and for plantations of.treos in tho four corners : The.Newcastla Ohroniolo of yesterday hos tho fol lowing :-It having como to our knowledge'that i report has boen industriously circulated in town, to tbi effect that the libel aotion between tho editor of tbi journal nnd the proprietor of tho Newcastle Pilot ha coen settled, we beg, distinctly and emphatically, ti deny the truth of tho report, whioh ie utterly withou foundation, : Tho action, we may justly add, is pro grossing in tho ordinary courao. It will bo tried in thi Supreme Court at Maitland in Ootober next. Referring to tho Burnt Yards Quartz Reef thi Bathurst Times etatoB that the prospectors, have com- pleted the erection of their crushing machino, whioh would be Bot to work ol ther on Monday or Tuesday, There aro sixty tons of eton o ready for tho machino and the prospectors aro vary sanguino of success There is an enormous body of quartz in the reef, and the lower they go, ..tho moro apparent booomos tl» gold in tho stone, so that lhere is every likelihood o: rieh returns. ' A second concert at tho City Hall,' Nowcaatla, bj tho Italian oporatlo singers, WOB no improvement upor thnt of tho fl'st occasion, tho hall not being half full The performers woTe evidently displeased at'tho wanl of patronage bestowed ' upon - them, J and out tho pro gramo exceedingly short- the time aotually occupied in singing not being more than a hour and a' quarter, which somo bf the audience appeared to think wa: hardly fuir, considering they had paid fivo shilling! for admission., Tho programme- was divided into foul parts, but soveral of the items wore omitted altogether whilo not a fow wore very considerably abridged What the audience did have; however,, was first-olaes, and elicited hearty and prolonged applause. We take, the following from tho Olovoland Bay Express:- Tho:accounts from the Cape Elver gold fields of lato are most conflicting. It is indeed vcr j bard to put any dopondanco in the many rumours thal aro afloat.: News reached town on Thuridny last of o new rush to Spooimen. Gully, but our informant wat unable to speak as to tho oxtont of ground, or whethei ibero was any likelihood of its being lasting. Thc quartz reefing has, wo understand, turned out fully tc tno satisfaction of its findors, and rumour lids it thal four tons of quwtz aro on tho way down lo this pori for shipment to Sydney, there to bo tested as to value previous to tho erection ,of. 'a crushing machine, During the past week several small parcels of gold have been brought to town, \- Ona of the cleverest trioks wo have hoard of for some time was perpetrated on Sunday morning last, It appears from tba Bathurst Free Pross that Mr. P. Hawkins, publican, of Goorgo-strcot, about 10 o'clock > on that day, began, as usual, to preparo for church ; and having laid out his clothes ready to put on, loft tho room for a fow minutes for tho purposa ¡pf going to the kitohen for some water prior to shaving, "Having obtained ibo water, ho returnod to tho room, but tc his astonishment the clothes had disappeared. Some mieoreant well acquainted with the premises must have boen walebing Mr. Hawkins, and seeing , him levre the roem, seized tho opportunity, popped into the room ho had just left, seized tho clother, and than sloped. No duo has as yot been obtained as to who was tho thief. The Bathurst Timos reports that on Tuesday last, baforo a full Bench of magistrates, there wero no fewer than four applications mndo for as many new pounds in this district. Tho places at whioh lt was sought to have pounds OBtablishod wero Kelso, Glonmiro, Raglan, and Woodside. An application was ? mada to the Bench a month ago for the re-establlehmont ef tho pound at Kelso, but the Benoh (oight magistrates) decided that there was no necessity for it and declined to entertain tho application. Whon tho matter carno on for discussion on Tuesday, Mr. Button obsorvad that ho thought it would bs an Bot of discourtesy towards, tho magistrates who rofusod to appointa paundkeoper at Kelso, if tho Benoh now rescinded that decision. Mr. J, B. Richards objected to tho establishment of any psund excepting ot Kelso. After some discussion it was finally agreed that them was no necessity for tho establishment of any furthar pounds so near to Bathurst for the present, and tho applications were thorofore rofusod. ' An inquest wes held on Tuesday'last, at Largs, by J. Thomson, Esq,, district coroner, upon the body of a child agod nearly three years, named Emily Maude Roberts, daughter of Mr. George Roberts, storekeeper, of Largs. From the evldonce, as reported in the Maitland Mercury, it appeared that the child had been playing about tho yard at the back pf the premises, out oould not bo found about 5 o'olock in tho cvon in. Search being mado, the poor little thing was dis- covered in a zinc case, partly sunk in.the ground, and which is used for tho. purpose of collecting water,' at the back of the premises, The case, it appears, ia pro- tected by a wooden top, with an. opening only just sufllolont for a buoket to pass ' through, but the de« ace 1 must have fallen through this aperture, and was unablo to extricate herself. There was at the timo oaly about twolvo inches of water ia the tank. Whon discovered the deceased exhibited no signs of life, and although everything was done for her restoration by the paréate, until the arrival of Dr. Bulmore, who also employod his utmost skill, all efforts wero in vain. Tho jury'returnod a vordiot that tho deceased was accidentally drowned. Tho new (team punt at Grafton, which will form a connootlng link between tho R ohmond Rlvor and tho southern portions of the colony, was launched on Saturday last, tho ceremony being presided ovor by tho Mayor, It is thus described in the Examiner :-. ibo steam punt or floating bridge is built of iron oxoept the dook-and ls on the '. pontoon principio, eaoh portion being 40 feot in length: 0 .feet 0 ' inches boam, and 4 foot 0 inches deep i theeo aro oonneotod by wrought iron beams 7 feet B Inches, long, forming a platform on which tho boiler, engine, ona propelling maohinory aro placed. ., The length of tho punt,,with flaps over dil, is 03 feet, and breath over ali of 21 feet 1 inohes. The englno is of six horse power, and is expected to drive the punt from shore to' shore-a dis- tance of 400 fathom«-ia about ttvo minutes.. A thrco quarter inoh chain Axed on each bank 'of tho rivor will pass ovor a recessed whoel i feot 0 inches in diameter, placed in the centro of tho punt, and pro- pelled by tho engine. The forward or backward motion communlo i tod to thia wboel will pull on tho chain and propel tho punt from bank to bank Tho punt was designed lo draw 2 feet 8 inches when, empty, and to carry twelve tons on a draught ot.S foet In fine weather, sha is estimated to oarry twenty two tone, drawing 8 feet 0 inohes. When hunched, tho boiler, engine, and machinery wero in placo, but tho duok sheathing has yet to bo done, and tho flaps plaood on. Whon comptoted sho will bo worked across daily, from sumisa lo euntot- a few minutos natico being given by a steam whistlo bofore starting. Tho punt waa dosignod In tho ofllco of Mr. W. 0. Bunnott, OoniinisBionor and Engin or of Roads, anil was oonBtructod at tho works of Mesuro, i', N. Russell end Co.-Mr. Taylor hoing tho contractor-and sent to Grafton in framo. It has boon put lognihor at tho silo of tba Verry North Grafton, uiidor tho immediate suporlntendonco of Mr. G. A. Morell, Aonietant- Hiigl fleer for Roads, who is ni BO making alterations to tho approaches, so AS to render thom available as two road- ways. During tho construction of tho punt, Mr. Guthrie has n-proBonted the oontruotor (Mr, Taylor), «ad Mr. Marshall, Messrs, 1', N, Bussell and Oo. I ' A portion et Ibo royal stoolt bred by her Majesty th« Queen on tho Kloraish farm, Windsor Park, ander the supervision of Mr. Brebner, was forwarded on June 89 to tho Bast India Dooks, on routo for Now Zealand. Tho consignment consists of a Ano Hereford bull calf, about nine months old, named tho Dulce of Edin- burgh, out of ocmplimont to tho rocont royal visitor to tho southern homisphero, and a boar and sow of tho fura black Borkshire breed. The animals wers shipped n the Siam, which loft tho East India Dooks on July 1, for New Zealand. The stock haB been purchased! from tho royal farm by a gentleman in that colony ' for breeding purposes, ' The following prizes have boen awarded for exhi- ' bits at tho shows-of the Hunter Uiver Agricultural and Horticultural Association :-Silver cups : Mrs; M. Holmes, bottled fruits, mnrmulado, jams, nad jollies; Mr. G. P. Bowman, Uno woolled fat sheep; Mr, O. F. Holmes, poacook, wheat, and fruits ; Mri Marius Moot é, poultry; Mr. A. Bomback, red wine*, vintage 1880. Silver medals: Mr. Thomas Pryke, collection of horseshoes, &o; ; Mr. T. Patterson, collec- tion commercial products ; Mr. Eben. Orr, wool on '. cards; Messrs. Dean and' Co., Brisbane, tea j - Mr, J. Vickery, collection of harness. Tho oupg aro deB oribed by tho Maitland Mercury as of a very elegant design,'having oval shaped, bowls, filt inside, sup ported on slandor octagonal stalks, with a chased podestat, A suitable inscription' is engravod upon.tba exterior sf each bowl. The medals consist of a diso of polished silvor, ono side of which boars tho inscription, and is surrounds.? by a twisted cabla of frosted silver, terminating in a leaf, «Iso of froBtod silvor, through whioh is placod a ring, by which tho modal may h» suspended. Tho,inscription in each caso contains the name of tho person to whom the prize was awarded, together with a description of tho successful exhibit The Singleton Benevolent Asylum waa visited on ' Saturday lost by Miss Osborne, tho lady superinten- dent of tho Sydney Infirmary. She arrived, the Tims« . roports, by tho forenoon train from Maitland, accom- panied by . Mr. and Mrs. Capper, and Mr. Gorriok. Tho Mayor of Singleton, Mr. A.,Munro, waited at the railway station with lila buggy to rccoivo the oxpoated* visitors. There wore'a'so in attendance soveral mem- bers of the committee of our Benevolent Asylum, in- cluding Aldermen Dosloy and Kingston, Dr. Glennie,. ~ arid tho secretary, Mr. Wright On arriving at th« "< Asylum, Miss Osborne. made a careful examination of tho différent wards and other departments of that valuable institution, soma of the members of .tho com- ' inittee in course et conversation requeeting the distin- guished visitor from Sydney to suxgeBt any improve- ment she thought roquisito or proper, and it would have their earnost attention. Miss Osborno expressed much satisfaction at the general condition and whole- some appearance of the Asylum; and nf:er having been drivon by his Worship through tho principal ' streets of tho town, and after a look nt our principal. buildings and works, loft Singleton much pleased with her visit ta " ona of tho swoetost towns in Now. South Wales.""; ' ? ' ! : Noxt to tho crirao of saoriloge, _ says the Yass Courier, tboro is nothing more offensiv« to the mind than tho destruction of thoso momentoes that grioving paronts or other rotatives with lingoring hearts, place around the gravo ef the departed. The. ordinary instincts of humanity should ovor guard those affec- tionate recollections against tbs ruthless destroyer. . But euch instincts . have exceptions in Yass, Tho, grave of ono' young oreature in"the church yard of St. Olomont's has been throo times robbed of the flo ivors of memory ; and those litt o shrubs that had . adorned her resting- place havo boen stolen by hands that knew no heart This is net a solitary instance of suoh desecration. Othor graves havA been equally, robbed, and it is timo that the law should' bo put in forco for the punishment of tho in-odcra of our last ' homo There was an Act passed on tho Sith August, ' 1817, in whioh, amongst other matters, it is provided; "That if any person or persons,shall wantonly or wilfully do, or cause to' bo''done, any asm ago to any. monument, vault, '.tombstone, building, oreotion, railing, shrubbery, tree, or plant m tho said cemetery (necropolis, Sydney), ho shall be guilty of a'mudemoanour, and being con weted theresf before any two or moro justices of tho peace, ico., who aro hereby authorised to hi ar and determino, Sec., Acc., shall bo liable for ovcry such offonco to a ponalty not oxecoding £20, or to bo committed by such justices at thblr discretion to any gaol, icc, thora to romain for s, roosonablo time not exiceding tbreo months; and any person who shall do, ico, any injury to any stich monument, ice., whether tho same shall have been dono wilfully or otherwise howsoever, shall be liable to pay a roasonablo sum of money by way of damages ana compensation therefer, which said sum shall be recoverable in tho Supremo Court of tho colony, icc, oithor at the suit of tho trustees or by the person, Acc.* entitled to any vault, &o; " Thia Act has been extended to all cemeteries throughout tho colony, and thoroforo tho thievish. Angers that havo lutoly boon so busy at work should bo taught that thero is a commandment swiftor in its punishment than tho divino ono whioh can overtake thom. Wednesday week, according to the Olarenco , and Bichmond Examiner, tho day fixed for the laying of tbe foundation stone of All Saints' (Anglicm) Church, Lawrence, - was almost observed as a public holiday, moBt of tho places of business being closed, though few of our citizens availed themsoives of tho oxourstoa to Lawrence by tho Grafton Bteamor, which had boon charterod for tba occasion ; and when tho vossol left Grafton thero was not more than seventy souls on. board, including tho choir. At Ulmarra and Brush- grove, however, thal number was coan'dorably aug- mented, and by th« timo tho vessel reaohod hor desti- nation there was 130 or 140 on board, 'Amongst the company was the Ber. It. Wlnlorbîthara, tho incum- bent of Grafton. On arrival at Lawn nco the visitors were mot by tho Hov. J, Spencer and the Ber. T. H. Shaw, and conducted to the sito flxod for tho ohurch and parsonago, alongside tho residence of Mr. 0. B. Doboin, and whioh, from its elevated position, com- mands a Ano.viow of the Olaronco river and scenery around. There was a printed programme of tho ordor of procession, but tho hymn appointed to bo sung by tho ohoir on entering too ground being strongly ob- jected to by many mombers of tho ohurch, tho clorgy very wisoly substituted tho To Daum, Mrs. Win .terbotham presiding at the harmonium (which had been taken down from the Ulmarra church for tho purposo), followed by tho usual churoh responsos ana tho 'rohersal of tho oreed. Tho Boy. T. H. Shaw then took 'for his text part of the 10th verso of tho 28th ohaptcr ef Isaiah-" Bohold I lay in Zion for a foundation a stone, a. tried stone, a prcoious cotnor stone, a sure foundation; ho that bolievoth shall not makohaste," from'which tho rev. gentleman dolivcred not only an eloquent but truly evangelical discourse ; and at the eli BO a collection was made amounting to «20 2s, 8d., (inoluding a aheque from Mrs. Ogilvie, tho mother o£ tho Hon. E. D. Ogilvio, for £10.) The ceremony of laying the foundation stone was then proceeded with, and the same having beon prepared, Mrs. Ogilvie pro oooded to spread the mortar and tho stono waa lowered, which Bho tapped with the mallet, using at the sams time tho following words:-"In - tho laith of Jesus Christ, we place this foundation-stone in the name of God the lather, God tho Son, and God the Holy Ghost' Arnon." Tho BOT. ,J. Sponcer adding: - "Here let truo faith, tho foar of God, and brotherly love, ever remain: this placo is conreoratcd to prayer and to tho praise of tho Most Holy Name of our Lord Jesus Ohrist, Arnon." Tho hy ma-"Christ is : mado tho sure foundation," &o;» .waa thon sung, followed by aovoralprayors, at tho con- clusion of which the olorgy, ehoir, and congregation left tho ground, Binging-" Wo lovo tho placo, O God« fco." Tho whole ot th s sor vico was intonod. The mallet and trowol used on tho occasion, made by Mr. E C. Laman, from tulip wood, inlaid with bean tree, and polished, wero muoh admirod-not alone for the very handeomo material usod but tho oxcoilont work- manship and taste displayed In tho manufacturo of the same, whioh we havo no doubt will bo highly prized by Mrs. Ogilvio. The ohurch is to be built of wood, on a brick foundation; with tho pnrsonago attaohod, consisting of flvo rooms, the lattor being all built of brick. I bo site is truly platuro'qun, and was tho gift of tho Hon. E. D. Ogilvio Bhortly after 8 o'olook, tho oonipany having ro-ambarkod, thc steamer's hoad was turned homoward, but hor on wai d progross wa« soon arrested, owing to tho want of sufilciont water in the oho mel ut tho Elbow, and sho grounded on the spit, wliero she lay Bom« four or Uro hours, oro the tide lose sufficient to float her off, and roaching Grafton only Bhortly bo foro midnight, whioh was any- thing but ploaBing to tho oxoiirsionists, aa the day waa far from hoing a ploaeant ono, it blowing a rathor strong broozo all day, and after auusat, thu sir on tho wator was iiitonsoly cold. Ou tho lust ttip of tba steamor Novada from Pinama to San Francisco she ran into tho immediate vicinity of tbno largo watar spouts off the coast of Gua'emnla, whioh caused very much alaim an board, sud induced tbe commander to keep tbs veiael off ber courto for some timo, fearing one of them might break orsr her. 