THE REVOLUTION IN WINE DRINKING. (ronm an EnglhAt paper.J A REVOLUTION in wine drinking, as well'a± in politics, is going on in England at the present moment. Port and sherry are still in the pscendant; but a' legion of rivals are in the field-now no open field'-and psblio favour is veering round like the wind onan April day, and nobody knows whereTit '*111 settle 'at " fair weather.": ' " "The' wine that is still most largely con. esumed in England (says a writer on Wine and the Wine Trade in the last number of the Edinburgh Review) is sherry,' which being. fortified, and making far over 20 per cent. of spirit, does not come in underthe one shilling duty, .the rate lbeing- two.an'd.sixponce. x'It has been used in Eogland' much longer than is genierally imagineod;,ccording to Mr Ford, who ays :-. » l ' : .'8Sberris. aok,' the term'used by Falstaff, no mean authority on: this matter, is the pre. cise "Seco, de Xeres," the term by which the wine is known to this. day,on Its own country. The epithet seco, ,or dry--the sack 'of old authors, and the sccof French'ones-being used in 'contradistinction to'the'sweet mal voisles and muscadels, which are also made of the same grape.. The wine It is said, was first introduced into'England about' the time of Henry 'VI., whose close alliance with Fer. dinaud 'and Isabella, was, cemented Iby the marriage of his son with'their daughter. It became still' more popular 'among us' under Elizabeth, when those who sailed under Essex sacked Cadiz in 1500, and biought home the fashion of good eherris sack.' . '" Mr.`Ford thinks the more modern liking for sherry was brought about by Lord Holland oi his retirn from Spain, at the beginning of the'centiary.'.', Mr. Cyrus Reddiag, however, says the fashion of drnking this wine was set by the Prince of Wales." It could not have been' very long ago, as Mr.! Redding tells us in his evidence, 'I can almost remember' the tine; I remember when Lisbon, and Madeira;, and vidonlo were the only table white common wines.! Yet what an age eigo it seems when we talko'f Lisbon or vidonia-lt seems like 'speaking of the roasted swan or any of the dishes: of the middle"nges. ?" The universal use of sherry. would seem to militate against 'ourpositilon' that highly alcoholisod wines are decliong in publio favour; but oi the second view of the case we find some 'explanation'of this aliparent discrepaooy.'. Sherry is taken undoubtedly very largely atdinner-wo might almost say' universally--but its lsvery often considerably' diluted 'with water;' hnce' the steadiness with which It malntains its position in the British market. L Last year noless than 5,511,309 gallons'were consumed or, 41135 per cent. of the whole quantity ofwine con. sumed in the cointry.' Large al this amount ii, and giving evidence as it undoubtedly does that sherry wines are greatly in favour, there are yet some', consolatory' points about the returns il a tdmperance point of;view, ; This per.centago shows a decline upon the three previous:years ; not only has the use of the wine reached Its culminating point, but like Its fellow, port-the lion and' the unicorn that have long fought for British favour, if not for the crown-it shows certain, signs of, going down hill, and eventually of being 'beaten out of town ;' the decline being 2, per cent.' since the year 1803. "rIts prevalent use is undoubt edl~ as a luncheon wine. ' A glass of sherry, sir, Is the subject of the charming little picture now so popular in the shop windows,' a glass of sherry and a sandwich for sixpence.' .This wine: is,, triumphant about, one 'o'clock hbut among the higher classes it Is certainly on the wane. We scarcely dare say it, but we fancy the ladies have something to do with maintaii ing from a rapid fall the highly alcoholised wines of Spain. They almost universally take sherry or champagno at dinner, and if they take a glass after dinner, we oboervo it muit ha one of the old.fashloned wines of early habit. They take but a glass, and that they like strong and sweet. It is but rarely that a lady takes claret; they prefer a confection to a simple wine flavour; at all events, they do not care for what the lords of the creation term a dry wine. ''Dut haviug reference to the very large consumption of sherry among the people, it must not be supposed that it is all Spanish win. that is sold under that name. Very large quantities of Mareala, Cape, and other white wines are mixed with products of Xeres, and under the magie name of sherry are unsuspect= odly consumed as the genuine article. We fancy that Diogenes would require his laP. thorn to find ' the natural standard of sherry.' Weo find it pasted up on the tops of the omnil buses, nowhere else. If we could only get at the real constituents of the Spanish white wins that has so long ruled in England, we should undoubtedly find that a very large portion of the cheaper sorts were made up of light wines of other countries brought to the requisite standard of strength by potato spirit. In trictness a large proportion; of such wine should go to swell the quantity of light wine which has'made such an extraordinary ad. rance in our consumption since the lowering of the duty. Mr. Ford, in his Gatherings from Spain, plainly says - "' The ruin of sherry has commenced from the number of second.rate houses which have sprung up, whiobh look for quantity and not quality. Many thousand butts of bad Nubla wines are thus palmed off on the enlightened Iritlsh public, after being well brandied and dootered.. Thus a conventional notion of sherry is formed, to the ruin of the real thing; for even respectable houses are forced to fablri cate wines so as to suit the depraved taste of heir consumers.' ' Sherry (he says in another place) is a foreign wine which is drunk by foreigners; nor do the generality of Spaniards ike its strong flavour, and still less its price. : !J ; More of it is swallowed at Gibraltar,at th'o messes, than in either Madrid, Toledo, or Salamanca.. * The men employed in the sherry vaults, and who have, therefore, that drink at their command, seldom touch it; but invariably, when their work is done, go to the neighbouring shop to refresh themselves with a glass of innocent Manzanilla.' "Richard Ford (all honor to his pleasant memory) had the honor of introducing thi pure light wine *to Englishmen, no moan achievemant; for of all difficult things the nost difficult, especially Ia England, is to introduce a new wine taste. Manzanilla is pre.eminontly a light dry wine, and its intro. duction to British tables is another proof that we are not irredeemably wedded to made.up spirituous decoct!ons, "[ hTere is nuaoubnt that the wino at Uporto is slowly but steadily dropping out of use, oi'ng to the same limbo to wlich Lie. on has: lonfg been banished. In 1850, 2,201,300 gallons', were cousumed 'iat our tables, equal to 30.07 per. cent. of the whole quantity consumed; but year by year this per.centago has declined, until l:at year, it had fallen to 22.57 per cent. It is quito clear that the disappearance of the once favourite port Is only a matter of time, and, if we may prophesy, a not very long time. Thebo late Baron Forrester spent his life 'n showing that in order to obtain port we were iostroying very fine vintages for the sake of manufacturing a very inferior, flavoured and adulterated drink., The result has been that all true wine flavoor is destroyed and a stand. ard sot up such as the Juice of no grape can produce. To use the wordsof the agents of the British merchants of Oporto, as. far back as 1764, who say that according to our tastos, 'it (port wine) should feel like liquid fire in our stomach; that'it should'burn like inflamed gunpowder; that it should have the tint of Ink; hat it should be like the sugar of-Brazil in sweetness, and' like the spices of India in areo matlc flavour.'' The persistence of this vitiated taste in a'minor degree, it is true, isthe' only explsnation' that can be afforded for the absence from our tables of'a number of Portu gnuse wines that we might have expected to iave received upon the reduction of the duty in ,1800. Portugal posesses immense ro* sources in good natural wines of a quality stouter .than the clarets of France, but pos seassng their fine, qualities, which are alone uficient to supply the whole of England., ;; .,We have no doubt that in Poittgal and in other countries, when the real taste of the British consumer has been formed and ascer. tained, abundant means will be found to supply the demand.* DBut the taste in wine which has erlsted id thi country. for the last 150 years was an arltificial creation of restriotioe iuties and prohibited laws. That taste is now undergoing. a rapid and complete change. Old habits have no doubt, a great influenoe on all such matters, and it will require one or two generations to teach an Englishman to drink wine like the rest of the world;. Dut gradually freedom and nature will have their way,and' meantime we are now happily, at iberty to select from 'all the vintages of th? earth those which, are best suited to; our palates,"bur purses, and our cllimate.' .', The Now York .Times gives an account of a sct:. of spiritualists, whoihave for some years practised i a gospel of freedom in the city of Newark,' NY,, but' who n' 1868 do. teorminod to unveil their rites to thoeworld. The scone, says our trans.Atlantio contempo rary, selected :for a: publio display; was a dwelling.house in" the cornerof Chostnut atroot,' occupiod by.a.' widow'lady nam?d ooves, with :,a famil' of six children, the eldest a daughter of nineteen; and a Scotch man named Mo Ewon, who has figured as a prominent spiritualist for some years past.' About nino o'clock on New,Year's evening, the stroot podostrians .who had occasion to pass Mrs. iItovoa' housoe -woro astonished to behold ~eoEwon' standing, in front of the open' window; clad in ;tho;habillments;of Adam before the fall;'whilo the fair form of Miss heoves; peorsonating Eve, - was seen to ilt' to and' fro under' the'gaslight like a fawn gamboling 'in'EdenW This spectaclo gatherod alargo crowd around the promises. foEwon, when he saw the multitude, bade them walk in. t''" Come one, come all, with. out money and without prico." They all went' up. Inslde 'was, the" high' ,prist, MoEwon, standing, in theo?centre :of. the room - like a Roman orator, without his toga - who expounded to them the mys torios - of -the o now 'A crood; "From'I hi harangue it appears that the sect believe that they are utterly without sin, that they are in thosamocondeition as Adam and 1Ev before the fall, wholly cleansed from all the lust of tho world, the flesh, and the devil. They Ignore human institutions, laws, and customs, and act solely from the promptings of the "spirits of just men mado perfect." While MoEwen was giving his exposition of the faith, Miss Reeves remained standing in the costume already hinted at, without seeming abashed at the scrutiny of the un bellovors. Mrs. Reeves was also habilitated in the same fashion as her daughter, and appeared equally indifferent to the gaze of the multitudo. .'he show was again repeated on the next evening; but the police got wind of the affair, and on Friday, night Chief. constable Clark made a raid upon the temple and took the inmates into custody. On being taken before the magistrates, they were pronounced Insane, and ordered to be sent to the lunatic asylum at Trontou.. If ballooning Is never. turned to any practical account it will not be for want of inventions for the purpose. The last noew thing in aeronautics Is thus described in the patent columns of the Gazettoe :-"And John Kinnersloy Smythles, of 23, St. Luko's Road, in the parish of Paddington, in the county of Middlesex, barrister-at-law, has given the like notice in respect of the inven tion of 'carrying passengers through the air by a steam bird or flying steam engine fitted with wings flapped by the action of steam.'" The fewer relations or friends that wo have the happier we are. In your poverty they never help you; in your prosperity they help themsolves:-Tomahawk. A Loart P? - h Sir"l said a man, da fonding rather a notorious character, "I assure you it is pure innocence." "I quite agree with you," replied the other; "It is pure In no sense." Ladyo Harriet Corry, wife of the Right lieon. IIr. T. L. Oorry, M.P., the First Lord of the Admiralty, died on March 25, at the Admiralty, Whitehall. The deceased lady was the second daughter of the late Earl of Shaftesbury,, by his marriage with Lady Anne Spencer, fourth daughter of the fourth Duke of Marlborough. She was born Sep. tomber 17, 1708, and married Mr. Corry on March 18, 1830. [The deceased lad was aunt of his Excelloncy Earl Belmore.] The bill for carrying out executions within the prison walls was read a second time in the House of Commons, and carried after debate, byn a majority of 181 against 25. The provisions of the bill are similar to those contained' in the Now South Wales Act, which has boon many years in force . SAx ExcusE ron TrE GracAss.-There are probably. few. observant medical men who have failed to notice a habit which has boon on the increase for some years past, and which soriousl7y threatens the moral, and physical integrity of society. The growing tendency even of those whose lives '.are gentle and 'whose minds are educated, to indulge in ialcoholio stimulation, is a fact which tho profoession" would do well to re- cognise and protest against. The vice is not the vice of our grandfathors-the bottle or two of port which often laid them inder the dinner- tabloeand always sent them reeling into thoedrawing-room. i ,The sin of our flays is loss obtrusive and oven more dis astrousm. It takes the form of an occasional glass at odd times during the day, an extra dose at lunclh; a glass of sherry or two more or less frequently in the course of the after. noon,,another from the table when'the cloth is laid for dinner. Not uncommonly n'flask of:sherry'accompanios the bluoebook in the carriage. And it is worth noting that this kind of tippling. is not done in secret. ? So far,'indecd, from this, it is rather a matter 'of boasting on the' part of those who in. dulge in it, ' and they press others,' often warmly, to follow their example. , Some. times' it is true, a mild:kind of excuse is offered. The dose is taken' "Just' to keep one up, you know," or as a ",whot before dinner."'. J'ust as oftoo, :.when ; soda .or seltzer water suggests itself' as a refresh ment, the quostion arises whether Its accom paniment shall be brandy' sherry, or liquour. The idea of taking it alone is not, enter tained. ' It is described as.!' woakening,' '.'too cold for theo. stomach,!! and so on. Not so frequently, it is to be hoped, 'but still often enough to be of serious moment, those odd glasses 'of sherry,, brandy.and soda, dry curaoa, &o.;,: are taken' in the morning between breakfast and lunch, sometimes even before breakfast.' 'In course of time the results. of those indulgoncos do not fail to present themselves in the, nausea and retching which accompany the morning toilet, the husky forenoon voice, the want of appetite for breakfast, tho'vague odyspeptie symptoms which lurk about during the day. More remotely it is for,, a shattered nervous system that the patient-or person-seeks relief from the physician. Society Is on its knees just now confessing always n a polite and respectable way, its sins of omission or 'commission in regard of dross-luxury, paint, and the demi-mondo. :. It behoves' the medical profession to soe thqt the vicoedo. scribed is included in the' listi-Lancot?.,:; Dr. Selwyn, the newly appointed Bishop of Lichflold, will leave London for his New Zealand diocese in ' July." He holds ;both' bishoprics at present, and will continue to do so until his successor in the colonial diocese is appointed." At present there is no endow. mont.' The diocese of Lichflold will bo placed in, commission' during' Bishop :Soewyn's absence, which must noccoessarily oxtend over soveral months. c?,,,:. , ; : , • : Ministers with, moustaches are becoming commont oven in .Wesleyan Methodist pul pits:' Woe (says tho1Wesloyap 'Rocorder) have received twq communications this week on, the 'subject of. ministers wearing mous taches.: Onoe of, them,' written by a' lady, concludes with the Bxpression of a hope that the proponsity.to cultivate the moustache may not?preoadamong' our esteenmed minis. .'A.singular case of oumulative penaltioe' occurred at Macclosflold a few days ago.; EA fishmonhgr was summoned for having on sale a quantity of shrimps In a decomposed state and :unflt'.for 'human food.' ho pTolice inspector, said he had ;counted the shrlmps that there were two'thousand and forty, and that the defendant being liable to pay a fine of £20 for each shrimp, the total amount of the .penalties would be £40,800.' The magistrates fined tho lucky flshmonger 20s.': Ar.SLtiKET BaHnrm.--The New Orleans Croscent gets the following from one of the Sisters of Charity at'an 'hospital In that city t-Sietor Mary condesounded to be' our guide through lthtiobulhng, and onlvonod the tour with an nncount of a singular mar* riago that took place during the monding in the chapel. Some time ago the newspapers announced that a young man had attempted to commit suicide in the town hy shooting himself. ITo was taken to the IHotel Dicu, and it was fearet that the wound was more tal; but with the care he recoived he was out of danger in a few days. The cause of his attempt to destroy himself thoen became known. He was in love. Ills inamorata had promised three times to marry him and disappointed him every time. The last was too much, and a bullet aimed at the heart was to oud his misery.. The cruel lady visited him at the hospital and there she pledged herself to him again. The coro* mony was to have taken place at eig!ht o'clock the next morning. The lady again failed. Thei expectant, groom was in a wretched state of mind till he rocoived a message from her that sl)o had overslept herself, but would be with him at eleven o'clock. At that hour she was there, and the ceremony took place in the chapel. "Only think," said Sister Mary,. "of a bride sending word that she had overslept herself I "-Liverpool Albion. loe and continue poor, young man, while others around you grow rich by fraud and disloyalty; be without place or power while others bog their way upwards; bhear the pain of disappointed hopes while others gain the accomplishment of theirs by flat tory;, forego the gracious pressure of the hand for which others cringeo and crawl. Wrap yourself in your own virtue and soe!k a friend and your daily broad. If you have in such course grown grey with unblemishod honour, bless God and die.' A certain reverend drone In the country, preaching a very dull sermon to a congrega tion not used to him, many of them slunk out of the church, one after another, before the sermon was onddd.. "Truly," saida gentleman- present, "this learned doctor has made a very moving discourso." A man with a very largo bald head was complimented on the fact that his caput was analagous to Greenland. " Why so?" he asked. "Decause it is a great white bare place," was the reply. MnvDEUOUs OTrrnAoE Ox A POLICEMAN IN SOMERSETsntlrE.-A dastardly outrage 'was perpetrated upon a policeman on St. George's Common, Somorsotshiro, by two unknown men, who made off without being recognised. They had robbed a poultry.houso, and on boing challenged by the policeman one of the ruffians produced two largo horse pistols and fired the contents of one barrel into the officer's bowels, and as he sank to" the ground the murderous ruffian stood over him with the other pistol for a moment or two, apparently to ascertain the offect which the, charge had taken upon his victim. Seemingly satisfied, he : then madeo off to join his companion.. The officer now lies in a danaronus stateo.-Sun. MI?. DICICENs IN P?rIrLADEL.LIA.- The Philadolphia' correspondent of the' Now York Tribuno, writing on the 13th, says : "No literary man except Thackeray over had such a welcome from Philadelphia as Charles "Dickens received at concert hall. The selling of the tickets two weeks ago almost amounted to. a broach of thepoace. Five, hundred, people ina lino i standing from midnight till noon, poorly represented the general desire to hear' the groat novelist on his first night."' Pooplowho wanted seats despaired of.gotting, them and abandoned the attempt, and those who did got :them endi~rod:with patience hardship of hunger and cold from which they would have shrunk in a better cause. Every seat for theo'six readings was sold on' the first day,. and many of thom; getting into tho)hands of speculators were disposed- of 'at fabulous prices. Mr. Dickens was received coldly. Philadelphia. never . takes, anything , for granted. She is nothing if not critical, and if William Penn were to come back most of us would cut the old Quaker dead; and hero was an Englishman, a man who' had pulled to piocos and tweaked the national nose by writing Martin Chuzzlewit, and Amerioan Notes; a man who had broken our bread and tasted our salt,' and!then mado'fun of us for putting our knives in our'mouths. ,Phila. dolphia would not stand any bigod nonsense from him.. So, when the dapper Mr. Dickens stopped out so smilingly, he must have felt as if ho had stumblod by mistako Into a bath of ice-cold water.'7 The "stony British star" Tennyson talks of is nothing, to the glaring look with which Philadolphia freeoozes a man's blood. But did Dickons mind it? Not lio. "Marloeywas dead to begin with,l'sald Mr. Dickens, and went straight at his work. It' was a 'good work, yet Philadelphia hold out as long as she could, not only resolved never to give in to a ritishoer, but also fooling a real disappointment in the man. The first smile came in when Bob Cratchit warmed himself with la candle; but before Scrooge had got through with the first ghost the laughter was universal and uproarious.',;Tho: Christmas Dinner of tho Cratohits was: a tremendous success, as was Scrooge's Nieco by Marriago. There was a young lady' in white fur and blue ribbons, name unknown to the writer' upon whose sympathios Mr.' Dickens played as if sho:had boon: a,piano. A deaf man could have followed his story by a looking at her' face.. The goose convulsod her. The pudding throw her into hysterics ;' 'and when the story came to the sad death of Tiny Tim, "' my little child,'! tears were streaming down hor cheeooks. This young lady' was as good as M1r. Dickens; and all tho' more attractive because' she ,couldn't help it. Then as a joke began to be dimly foreseen, it was great to see the faint smile dawning on long lines of faces growing brighter and brighter till it passed from sight and sound, and thun dared to the roof in vast and neoxtinguish able laughter.': ' . . , ; " I How' womon do*admireo their wedding, riot their own moreoly but anybody'sl ';How tholi throng the churches, 'just to soo the ceoroemony I! .. Then what animated doserip. tions. 'ot the whole 'affair I 'what glowing accounts 'of what the' bride,,! liadl on! What cilticisms 'of the` bridosmaids I.,oIn' short, what an lim'ense amount iof simper, and,giggle, and prattle- allbeocause' two inoffensive people are going, in a legal and orderly way,' to sot up housokooplig; Funny, isn't It,-Amerloan Paper.:, : , . ;At the Cork assizes on the 'llth of March, Captain Mackay was put upon his trial for the murder of Constable Casoy. : It will be remembered 'that Casey'was shot in the leg whilst: engaged with; other constables in approhonding Mackay on a charge of treason. The jury nacquitted,the prisoner.' "loe as afterwards trled for attackaslon a martcllo tower and" Dallynockoen" police barracks, constituting' tr?ason.folony, found guilty, and sentenced to twelve years' penal sore'. tudo. Tun IIEALTrr OF o rTE PrPE.-TherO is pro. bably no European potentate whose health is an object of such various and wide-sproad interoet as that of the Pope, as thllero Is none whose death would give rise to greater or more sweeping changes in the politioo.roligious world. Ills Holiness is wel known to suffer from occasional opiloptio fits, a disoaso to which he was subject in his youth, but which he seemed to have thrown off after the development of a variooso ulcer in the log. The fits have now, however, reappeared i and whether the exciting events of the last few months, or the unusual exertion he has just put forth in giving audiences and in assisting at ceremonies, he the cause, he had a violent attack of his old malady on Friday, the 6th March. His physician, Dr. Vialo 1Prola, was instantly in attendance at the Vatican,' and his Iohnoess recovered. i Complete ab stinence from administration of businoss and from the more fatiguing occasions of religious ceremonial has been peremptorily enjoinod on him by Dr. Vialo Prela as the indis ponsablo condition of his health.-Tho Lan cot. There was a largo attendance of follows. and visitors at a mooting of the Rloyal; Geographical Society on Monday night, 23rd: March, to heoar read, Captain Montgomorio's report On a Pundit's Journey to Lhasa, and; the Souroo of the llrahmaputra. - The rrinoo of Walos and suite were :present,i and: remained to the end of the discussion which followed the reading of the paper. The president in his opening remarks expressed his sincere gratification that their vioopatron, the 'Prince of, Wales, had boon pleased to honour them with his'presonco. . . CocCKcNY' NOTION ON Foon.-Tho Cock ney's notiop of where beef.stohlks come from is generally as vague as Topsy's notion of her own existence; he "'spocts: they growed." It, does not enter his mind that there is any connoxion between beef and bullocks, and consequently: he cannot seoo clearly how the catto plague :affects him. " House lamb I' said a diner the other day at the table d'hdto of the Charing.Cross Hotel ;," what is that ?' "It .means hot house lamb," said his neighbour.. " Ah, I son," exclaimed the enlightened Cocknoy; "grown under a glass case, like cucumbers, · and that sort of thing." .. .i -1i: Meon of genius are often eclipsod in society by men who talk gay nothings. . The repontanoothat is dolayoduntil old ago ; is but too often a regret for the inability to commit more sins. 