I have an immense admiration for tho fair daughters of Sydney. They are the prettiest, wittiest, most utterly charming, bewilderingly fascinating, 'and \- doubtless perfectly amiable young ladies under the sun. To stroll on a sunny afternoon mid " the rose- bud garden of girls" in George-street, is to anticipate the Heaven of the Moslem, and, to wish oneself a Turk. To contemplate the dross circle on a fashion able opera night is to experience what tho Spectator terms "extreme cerebral excitement," and to wish oneself-say, a Count, If I were Mr. Kendall I would write lyrics to them, after the chaste manner of Mr, Swinbourne, and dedicate them to the'" siren with treacherous tresses," as the " Maiden I meet at the corner." If I wore Mr. Mon- tague Scott, I would paint them and be immortal. As I happen to, be neither of those clever gentleman, I will simply tell my fair friends in plain English, what I'wish they would do for me. I wish they would curtail the proportions of those enormous trains with which they are in the habit of decoying bashful flaneurs into acts of ungallantry painful to commit and humiliating to remember. It is as difficult now a-days to "do the block" without coming to grief with some fair but indignant dame, ' or rather with her costly appendage, as it would be to walk through, nettles, without getting stung, To ruin a dress .in George street is almost as inevitable as to run against , a porter in Whitechapel, and the Parthian glance which usually rewards that delicate feat, like the lady herself, must be seen to be appreciated. The jupe in the days of its unshorn splen- dour/was bad enough ; but that merely pushed you into the gutter, or tripped you up, and in either case an angelic smile was sure to reward your agility. But there is no such gentle consideration for the luckless treader upon trains. Swift vengeance darts back on the violator of flounces, and the face that a minute before he may have admired for its dovelike sweetness is transformed in a moment into the fierce visage of a Gorgon or a Fury. Many secrets have been told in that one glance which my beautiful friends would rather not have told for the value of many trains. But will not press that point. It is sufficient to say that silks and satins, at goodness knows how much a .yard make but very indifferent street-brooms ; and the though we may willingly dispense with Beauty being useful, either as street-sweeper or otherwise, it is at least very desirable that she should be clean. ! If the "final glanco," os suggestod by a brillia! writer tho othor day, of any of tho " groat dopárted" í j ever directed to tho doings of men, a good deal o I Burpriso must havo beon felt in celestial circles as t what on earth wo wero all staring at on Tuesda; j last . ; Gating at tho Empyrean through bits of broke) glass till ono's eyes ached was tho order of tba aftor noon '; and if thoro were not moro hoadaohos in Sydnoj I that night than on any previous occasion it says i i good doil oithor for tba optics of tho inhabitants o: for their enthusiasm ia astronomical science Thai [ tho spcctaclo was vory sublimo was very gcnorallj : admitted ; that it would havo been still moro sublime if the eclipso had been total was ajmittod still mon generally ; and that it was a blessing whoa it was al safely over was perhaps most gonerally admitted ol all. ' I don't think wo oould stand an eolip'si very often, if wo miy judge from somo of. thc assorted eflocts of this ono. ' First, thoro is thc remarkablo tidal disturbance. Tho causo of this effeot is disputed ; but tho probabilities seem to bo ii favour of tho cc'ipso, a fact whioh will not tend tc incrôaso tho popularity of oelipsos ia general with thc occupants of low- lying watonido rosidenoes It would bo obaritablo of Mr. Smalley to roliovo tho minds of tho old ladies of Woolloomooloo and similar localities with his opinion on tho subject, if ho has ono. Bul somo. of what may bo called tho social disturbances attributed to tho samo causo aro oven moro cxtraordi 1 nary. Smith, found in an abnormal condition and position-speechless, in fact-ia the gutter at an carly hour tho next morning, ascribod tho " disturbance" ontirely, I am told, to tho celestial phe- nomenon, and quoted Thales triumphantly in supportof his -theory, Similarly, Jones, most abstemious of mon and methodical of bookkeepers, arriving at his ofûco with bloodshot eyeB, inflamed visage, and in a stato of physical and mental prostration, is stated to havo affirmed in tho most positivo manaor that to tho eolipso, and tho eclipse only, not-to his landlady nor another, wore duo his crumpled shirt front and general scodinoss, Thoro has been nothing liko it, it is conti , dently said, for domestio disturbances of all kinds j siaco tho enrthquako. Hero again, it Booms, thoro is room for Mr. Smalley's opinion, if he has ono. \ Who bas not read with admiration tho hoart-:tir I ring tales pf tho dovoted faithfulness of the tienanmen I ' of,old t Tho gallant Gurth fought for his master I when ho wouldn't for himself, and avon the witty j Wamba was willing to oraok skulls as weil as jokes in |j tho same good sorvico. Tho popular opinion ot courso I is, that thoso good old days aro gono, and they ! certainly aro, but they havo loft some of their virtuos J behind them. Thore aro honohmen still strong and i true, if they don't servo belted knights, or if tho only ! Front de Bouf known to modern times is the gontlo imaa who tortures English, instoad of Jows, in BeU'a Life, But I confess I was not proparod to And one of those last romalas. of anoient chivalry in so vory un chlvalroua a quarter as tho Herald Office. However, this has beon a week af phonomona, and wo havo only to add . nnotkor to the list Mr. F. Leo, à gentleman who is known chiefly for his strong opinions on tho capital punishment question, sharod so strongly, it appears, tho goneral Iindignation at tho Herald's notice of tho lato Dr, Bland, as to write a reply, defending tho memory of the dead, and reflecting in somo way upon tho character of tho proprietor ot the paper. This reply boing refused inBortion in tho Herald, Mr. Loo had it printed and circulated as a handbill, and a copy catching tho oyo of one of tho Herald's eraployos, so Btrongly oxolted his 'indignation . as to lead him to threaten to horsowhip tho writer, Mr. Loo olaimod tho protection of tho law against tho 1 infuriated compositor, and would havo got it, but un- fortunately, hoing as ono of tho witnossos described him', "apluoky old gentleman" withs horsewhip of his own, he mado tho admission that so far from being afraid of tho defendant, he was suro that ho could llok him into fits, whereupon, Mr. Loo not boing in bodily foar, the case was dlsmissod. Ono hardly knows whioh to admire tho most, tbs naive slmplloity of Mr« Loo in dofoatlsg hts own oaso, er the dosporato courage and chivalrous courtesy of tho flro-catlng printer in offering to " fight anyone," in dofonoo of tho oharaotcr of his master. Aftor this, I should really advise my I frlond Mr. Funoh to look out, Ha ls rathor fond/1 obsorvo, of punishing tho Herald, and may oloarly j expect somo day a hoslilo mossngo demanding " o;£foo j for two," with .ÜJ0 usual accompanymonts, from tho j prlntor's dovll of that 'fight master light man" establishment, I It ls Lard Cockburn who says, I think In his life of JolTroy, that an exposition of things not morely i truo bat provoablo and yet incredible, would bo a very j curious book, So it would, and about tho most curious chapter in it would be, I think, that devoted to the exposition of the late Molbourno insolvonoy for £200,000, assots, £3. Tho lehodulo, Iaupposo, ia true, agd tho debts provoahle, if any ono should think it worth while to provo thom I That tho affair is not incrodiblo can suroly only bo becanso tho insolvont is a squatter and tho scene, Holbourne. Wo must admit, in this instanco at least, tho suporior ontor priso of the South, of whioh wo hear occasionally so muoh, and porhaps in one or two other littlo matters as woll. Wo have not yot arrived at the pitch of political porfeotion which permits tho chlof Minister of tho Crown to ho charged with manipula- ting tho tariff for his own."private purposes; nor have Government supporters been yet accused of disposing of ' their Parliamentary sorvicos for any moro'sub" stantial considerations than Ministerial premisos or possible billets. -1 hopo it will bo a long timo before with us a' 'iponoy" becoraos an objoctto o' patriot; but progress is tho goat faot In modern politics, and j it cannot always bo oxpected to bo in .tho right direction. ' Why did Hamid's Ghost, or rather tho Count, as his friends in Sydnoy at no very rooentdato styled him, choose to bestow on tho building of a : Cathedral Ohureh, two horses and twenty-five pounds? Was there any concealed attempt at sátiro in the gift ? Why should the authorities of tho Church declino to accopt tho donation, and why should gift horsos bo looked in tho mouth? If tho coBt of every steno of a religious edifico is to bo Borutinisod in this scorching manner it will bo necessary to bo caroful. Fortunately it may bo assumed thai the hor.os havo not hean sold and tho proceeds applied ; elco how could restitution havo boon made? Templos may bo found in our streots upon overy steno of which I could moralieo by the hour; and in my mind's oyo I could almost traco tho donor's mark as clearly as wo can trace the mark of oulprits who assisted to rear a building with an unprepossessing oxterior at Darlinghurst devoted to tho custody'of unpriuclplod porsons who overstep conventional limits in BO coarse a maunor as to lead to loss of personal liberty. Well, I of courso admit it was good sonso on the part of tho commltteo of St Mary's to raf use to sharo tho plunder. But what is saúco for the gooso is hold to bo equally suitable ror tho gander. Be consistent and domoliah tho temple. Let .us ho honest and . go bach to tho whitewash, and confess our transgressions, cvon in a comfortless ham, as our forofathors did whon, for conscience sake, thoy denied themselves civil privi- leges. "Wo havo been admonished that "Whoro property can ho distinctly traced to theft, it should be renounced by all who profess to incúlcalo tho principios of morality." . Let us go to work to " Separate tho produço of honest labour from tho gains of chicanery and fraud," and what ' a work .of demolition will bo tho rosu.lt. Who will bid for tho unholy things, and who is bold enough to raiso his, voice and cry aloud - Thia man gave away that which he had not gathered ? I am an dangerous ground ; ' I will koop theBO things to myself. Tho Count,gave horses where ho found quadrupeds of another character. Tho story is an old ono, tho point ia a soro one, and I prefer t) pass on. Number 1 Ojmpany and. Numbior 2 Company, suggest tho idoa of thoao useful fellow-citizoñs of ours who BO promptly gather to extinguish flames. But in tho caso of No. 1 and No. 2 Company of tho Highland Brigade the idea is suggestive of hot water. No. 2 has stolen a march on No. 1, and I wait with breathless anxioty watohlng tho rosùlt. No. 1 is anxious to havo a mon of wealth to sport tho kilt aud rulo over tho members of tho Brigado, who can trace' a doscont in somo way from Scotia, As " Burns" sung to Tibblo- ; But If he liao tho nomo o' gear, Yo'll foBUm to him Uko a brier Tho' hardly he, for Belies or lear, . Bo better than the ky«. Tho aspoot of matters was threatening tho other night, and it seomod at one timo that tho Highlanders would havo more to fear from eaoh other than from an enemy without It so much ardour is mani- fested in plain clothes, what may wo not expect when tho dress is donned for whioh our frionds of tho newly-formed Brigada aro panting. It will all settle down in good time, and tho bagpipes will add to tho pleasures wo havo to enduro for tho salto of our beloved country. Tho glory of tho Highland Brigado should bo something mora than olothos. , For gili the mordíant ploughs iho main, Tho farmer ploughs the manor j But glory IB tho ao'ugorVprize, Tho ao'dgor'a wealth Ia h jnour. 