\VITCIICRlAFT IN WAIRWICKSIIIRE. IT would be absurd to say that the moral and social condition of England has not changed for the better during the last three centuries; but it is, nevertheless, remark. able how persistent are some of its most repulsive features. When Shakespore was a little boy in Stratford- upon-Avon the inhabitants of that town were, like the mass of the people of England generally, very ill-taught and ignorant. There was a gramtmar school, at which a little Latin and less Greek were imparted to the sons of the more thriving tradesmen; but the bulle of the people had small knowledge of letters, and still less nquaintanco with . the phlilosoplhy of conmon things. Thicro were no National or Sunday schools, no cheap literature, no schoolmaster to take his walks abroad. Left very much to themselves, the townsfolk believed what their grandmothers told them; doubted not that fairies danced on the Warwick. shlre meadows; that wretched hlldacues brewed hell broth of ' eye of newt, toe of frog, and linger of birth.strangled babe,' over which they muttered charms ; that they had the power to ' rack with cramps and fill all bones with aches ;' that frolic. some imps plaTyed mischevious tricks ; that ghosts ' revisited tihe glimpses of the moon,' and that the 'osheeted dead' did sometimes * squeak and gibbet iii the streets.' Such stories Shakespeare heard whispered by old wives into his boyish Car, and ho inscribed them on the tablets of his memory until the time arrived when he drew fros n thlien materials for his undying illustration of the strength and weakness, the wisdom and folly of man. That was nearly 300( years ago, and the world has greatly changed sirnce' then. Stratford is not now retmote fromt civilisation; the pilgrims go thither by nceanso of ia railway and there are books enough itmported into the town to inlitiate ill the inhabitants into the elemientary mysteries of the sciences. Yet there seemti to be Stratford folks, who are its ignorlnt and suiperatious, as cruel anld spitefull as any of tlie clowns and scolds who hurried. oldi women to death, or ducked wizards in horse )ponds in the days when Elizabeth wais Queen; or when Matthevw Hopkins searehed for moles and other witch ,marks. A nmilster naed Davis, has just been taught by Mr. Justice lmeating, of the Warwickshire' Assizes, that witches, liowever believed in by himself aud othcrs, are unknown to the lasc of Engliutl ; and that acts of criu elty towards people whlo happen to be old or disagreeable in mlutlner, howover laudable a cenitury or two ago, will now incur the penalty of imnlrisonment. It is at first dillicult to believe' that any person however ill-tauglht, yet being ot thd safl side of absoluto insanity, could believe iii such a tale as was told in the assize court on Moniday Inst. The prisoner. and his two sisters had openly averred that they were bewitched ; that a man and a woman headless, etinu dlown the ehimnney, siezed one of the girls, dashed her oni the ground, tossed her it the air, and then sunilarly threw about the sofai onl which she halnd been lying. They believed that a neigih. bour, oneo Jano "Ward, was exercising it demtoniacal influtence upon them and there would be no irest until the spell was bro ken. They had heard that if they could draw the witch's blood her power would coease; and anl opportunity soon ofllred. The two women picked ia quarrel with the suspected neighbour ; andt the mall, sud denly ipouncing upon hlier, siczed her lirmly and slashing hlier chek with a penkife. Tihe blood flowed, and the brutal exorcism was affectivo ; it least, the perpetrators of this cruel act declared that they slept soundly afterwards. It is ia sait story il. together. What a long way front being e!nlilghtened Christians somet of us Englslish people are Of course the Stradford imlt ster iand his sisters, and till the folks who aided and abetted, appllauded and oncou. raged, were terribly ignorant, and allow ance ought to be made for theli; but wahetn we see every day what educated peo ple believe in, we hesitate to say tlhat they were miich worse-thle brutality exceptedl -thani those who believe in ijulsping tables, aenorial accordins and rappings, who put ltaith in Zadlliel or lRaphlel, who sneak into back alleys to consult forttnetellers, and shudder at the idea of lhirteein at ia dinner table.-- Icekly Dispatch. 