BACCHJS MARSH POPULAR READIO G ON Monday evening the Bacchus Marsh lechat Institute was again crowded with an aud eager to pass a couple of hours in thel' tmont of the varied entertainment which knew would be placed before them, relying $u past excellences in this respect. There was difficulty in obtaining seats for all comers, n understand that the Commit teo intend proe more forms, which will enable the space economised, and much more accommodationgiro Thb receipts at the door amounted to ~ j, l which is aL guide to the number of people p4 Mr. W. Watson, President of the Instit occupied the chair, and made a brief laudatory of the Readings, and expressing gra : tude to the public for their regular sup; Messrs. Carlton and Robertson opened the gramme by a performance upon the violin plh piano, after which Mr. W. Grant recited1 original poem, upon the "Progress of Victori prefacing it with a well-composed prose descripti1 of the colonisation of Victoria. His efforts well appreciated, and our readers can judge of1 merit of the poetry, as they will find the piecs our fourth page, Mr. Carlton sang an Irishco song about "St. Patrick," which was tolera well received. Mr. Thomas Pearce read an epis' in the life of a newly-joined light-horse volunte; describing his " first charge." The reader acquittE himself most creditably, and enjoyed the la attention and approval of his audience. i Nelson made his first appearance at the Iteadin by singing "The old Arm Chair," in a matnn which pleased and we believe surprised h} audience, who are to be congratulated upon thi accession to the talent available for Popular Read ings, Mr. Tulloh read a "Yankee Love Story the humour of which was very good. Mr. Heati sang "The Sailor's Grave" in a good voice, was evidently too nervous to do his hest, hy doubt further acquaintance with his audience wi cure this, and make him a favourite, Mr. Iahono gave a sketch of a matrimonial quarrel betweo two natives of the Emerald Isle, and was followerl by Mr. Reid, who sang "When the Kye Soms hame," and was in unusually good voice. He di full justice to this well-known song, Two pupi of Mr. O'Hara--Masters O'Hagan and Ryan-. recited the quarrel scene from "Julius Cesar, Their efforts met with uproarious applause, ld the audience insisted upon an encore, wheat, duologue called "Woman-Debtor, Contra," s admirably given,. Both pupils acquitted themselse well, and of course much credit is due to their instructor, who will, no doubt, bring them forwadi again. Mr. Carlton sang "The Chieftain, Daughter," in admirable style, but the audieso seemed exhausted with their previous demronaet? tions, and were lukewarm with applause. ir. Robertson rendered "Tam O'Shanter," ma succeeded in making the broad dialect moro intelligible than many readers would have don'. Mr. Forsyth selected the old song "A Man's i Man for a' that," and this popular sentiment received ample approval from the audience. hMr. l J. S. Cooper followed up his speciality by readiu the adventure of Mickoy Preoe's father with ghost, The audience gave their full attentionti the reader, and did not seem to be disappointel, Mir. W. Grant concluded the programme byreadiq one of Hood's humorous rhymes relating toa duol A verse of " God Save the Queen" was then suoa and the audience dispersed. The audience hare to thank Mr, J. E. Crook for the loan of the pinac used upon the occasion. 