BIBLE SOCIETY CUMBERLAND AUXILIARY. [FROM OUR, PARRAMATTA ConitESI'ONDE.VT.] THE annual meeting of the Cumberland Auxiliary to the British and Foreign Bible Society was held in St. John's Schoolhouse, on Wednesday evening last. There was a good attendance. The chair was taken by the Mayor of Pan matta (Mr. T. W. Bowden), who briefly addressed, the meeting as to the aims of the society. 'He then read letters from the Rev.. J. R. Bloomfield and Mr. W. Woolls, apologising for their unavoidable absence. The acting hon. secretary, the Rev. W. J. Gunther, read the following report for the past year: " It may well be admitted that the work in which the Bible Society is engaged is one which yields in importance to that of no other society w whatever. God has in sovereign mercy been pleased to reveal Himself to man. He has plainly declared His will to His servants, and He has provided that that will, which could not have been known other wise than by direct revelation, should be made known to us, not by the uncertainties of tradition, handed down through periods ranging between 1860 and GOOOjpars, but in a written Book, in which each may read for himself the gracious v, olds of God. For this purpose. He inspired holy men, who spake as they were moved by the Holy Ghost. The result of their labours we have in the Bible a book which therefore comes to us from God himself. "The importance of this Book further appears in the fact that it not only comes from God to i event His will to man, but that it is the only book which with authority declares to man the way to Heaven. Manlius upon earth but for a brief period, and then passes away. But does he pass wholly away, or does he merely change his condition P Is death annihilation, or is the soul immortal ? We may reason on the subject from analogy, and discover the bare possibility of a future state of existence. But the only certainty that there is a inline stale, and that man does not perish like the brute creation, but lins a spirit which returns to God who gave ', it, is to be found in the statements of the Bible. But then comes another question. In what state will that future be passed p in joy or in sorrow p , in happiness or in wood P Here again the Bible steps inland gives us our only true Vncrohdgo on the subject. It tells us of a heaven to be sought, of a cell to be shunned. It tells us of our present state of condemnation through sin, and of the way to obtain pardon and deliverance. And it points out to our faith, and love the Son of God, whom the Father sent to be the Saviour of sinners. All this, it does with authority. It teaches, us the only way to Heaven. Now surely it is a right thing to iiiiiko_nll this good message down to man, to send to llnTi'in'tho very words which God himself has chosen to express it,' the revelations of His will- regarding man as a bring made for eternity though now under condemnation bccnuFo of sin, and regarding the Bible as God's mess up to him, instructing: him how one in his position may obtain eternal life. what better what nobler-what, mwo precious if it can be bestowed on man than the Bible ? Without it, the heathen perishes for lack of knowledge ; without informer is a "sealed" book to him the Jew is unable to recognise in Jesus his long-expected Messiah; without title Roman Catholic is betrayed into giving an equal, or even a greater honour to the creature than to the great Creator without it, the Protestant, who carelessly leaves his Bible upon its'dusty'shelf, gives to the vain' world that place in his heart which God alone should occupy. "While the humblo'bolicvor in the study of God's Word finds it to be '! a lamp to" his foot and a light to his path. and is made wise unto salvation by faith which is in Christ Jesus." "It is the object of the Bible Society to circulate the precious volume over the whole world, that all may know the will of God, and that each may read in his own Iau judge of the wonderful works of God. And well may it be regarded as a privilege to be permitted to belong to such a society, and to take a part, however humble, in making the love of God, as revealed in His word, more and more widely known among the notions of the earth. " The part which has been taken by this auxiliary during the past year has been somewhat in excess of what has been effected in the previous twelve months. In January £100 was remitted to the parent society ; £90 (to which the Liverpool branch contributed £30 as a free contribution, and £10 (to which the Liverpool branch contributed £5 as a di nation to the building fund. " During the year there have been sold by your deposi- tories 226 Bibles, "17 Now Testaments, and 213 portions, in all 486 volumes. The sum realised by the sale of' these | books has amounted to £60 19s. 9d. Of these volumes, a 1 considerable number have been disposed of through the agency of the Bible Woman, and some at a reduced price. The whole expense to this auxiliary-, which will be found in the balance sheet under the item ' By cash paid, ladies' committee, for Bible Woman,' has amounted to £3. It must be remembered that few of the Bibles thus sold through the Bible Woman could have been purchased direct from the depots, and the selling them has given to the energetic Bible Woman the opportunity of doing good in various ways amidst persons of all denominations. The Committee cannot, therefore, regard the sum thus expended as otherwise quite well bestowed. The subscriptions received during the year have amounted to £50 16s. Id. In the month of March a public meeting was held at Dundas on the Pennant Hills, in aid of the auxiliary's operations, at which meeting the sum of £1 12s. was collected for transmission to England. "It will be remembered that on the removal of the Rev. R. L. King to Liverpool, the Rev. G. A. C. Innes. was appointed assistant secretary. On his resigning his office in August the Rev. W. J. Gunther was requested to act. It will be necessary this evening to appoint a secretary in the stead of the Rev. R. L. King, who has resigned! his post. I " And here the committee would acknowledge their deep sense of the debt they owe Mr King for his over zealous and faithful exertions on behalf of the society since its resuscitation in 1855 "In concluding their brief report the committee would very briefly refer to the last report of the parent society, and to the wonderful Providence of God, which has enabled the committee to continue their glorious work, and even to enlarge their operations The total receipts show an in crease on those of the preceding year of £7/11 11s 6d, and amount in the whole to £186 597 13s 4d The number of copies of the W ord of God, in whole or in part, said during the year amounts to 2,400 776 the total issues of the Society now amounts to 65 069 Soo v volumes Surely when we remember what the Bible is-what its importance to the individual to the whole race we may well, in view of these facts, ' Thank God and take courage Nor will the feeling of gratitude be lessened on the remembrance that this has been the result of God a blessing upon the energy and health of private Christians, when we add the heartfelt ascription of praise Not unto us, O Lord, not unto us, but unto Thy name give glory, for thy mercy and Thy truth s sake ' Iho TiiEAsi-KEn(Mr A E Dare) read his annual statement, which shewed a balance, brought forward ft born last year, of £49 Is Id , since when the receipts had been £101 3s 7d and the expenditure, including the items mentioned in the Secretary s report--C17J 9s 9d leaving a bull nee of 29 14s 11d in hand the Rev S W ilxi\bO\, in an able speech, moved the adoption, printing, and circulation of the secretary's report and treasurer's statement the Rev Dr IUCHIH seconded the resolution. in a Itngthvond highly interesting address, in the course of which he spoke of the aims and objects of the society, gave a graphic account of its operations in various loans, and concluded by urging his hearers to renewed prayers for, md enlarged contributions towards, the achievement of fuller success The CHAIRMAN put the resolution, which was carried unanimously) theRe J B. LAUGHTON moved the second resolution, expressing a thanksgiving to the Almighty for the successful work of the past year, and reminding the meeting that such success contributed a strong ground for calling upon Christians for renewed exertions Mr Laughton spoke at considerable length, and was listened to with great interest during the delivery of his argumentative and forcible address The Hon JAMES BARNES seconded the resolution, but excused himself from speaking at length, on the ground of the lateness of the hour The Rev W J GUNTHER supported the resolution in a few appropriate remarks The CHAIRMAN put the resolution Gamed New son The to Mr HAUTnio\cd the election of the following officers and committee for the ensuing year -President, 1 W Bowden, Esq , treasurer, E A Dare, Esq , secretary the Rev W J Gunther, M.A., committee, all ministers of religion being members of the society, together with the Hon J Byrnes, Messrs Burge, Golledge, Haipor, Langley, Pass, Neil Stewart, Tuke, and Woolls Mr J T SHAW seconded the resolution. in a speech containing many pertinent reminiscences, and expressive of warm sympathy with the noble cause of the society the CHAiRMAN put the resolution, which was carried unanimously A collection was made, and amounted to £3 14s 6d The Doxology was sung, the Rev. W J Gunther pronounced the benediction, and the meeting dispersed 