, , ; - TUESDAY. MAY 12, 1808. TOE feats of pugnacity, that were performod in tba Assorably; and'Hs preoinots lastiFob _runry,-by Mr. LEE of tho ono part, and flTr' -MACPHERSON of tho other part, àro likely , tb give rise te a gréait constitutional question. Littlo did jtho irsBciblO' mbmber fi om tho Hunter think when ho puncbod tho head of tho . momber for Control, 'Outaborland, and little did tbo'lntter imagine' when he retali- ated with tho horsewhip, and involved some of tho most weighty members of the Assembly, in a conoral skirmish," tliat'this "trifling adair would ..booomo a. oelohrated oause in .tho annals of Australian legislation and juris- prudence.. Bub of. such-,small events: the ? history of the'world in made up. . A tweak of tho nose .may plunge a -whole nation into' war,; and a slap in tho fnoó may, under certain oiroumatancos, ¡ Invoivo -a- qüarrol betweon tho Parliament and'tho courts \Tho fasts'of tb,o ease that was called on beforo'Mr. Juatico CHEEKE yesterday.,njo .frosh in the remembrance-of all Who take note pf public affairs. ?.? Mr. 'LEE gavo Mr.; MAOPnEaspN\a straightforward punili in;",' the\rfaoo,rr,in^ tho presenco not only *oftho" whole' "Assembly,, but ? of numerous ^"strangers," who j can I bear, testimony'/ to ' tho. fact; I and I Mr..' Af AOMEHSON, having , eitbor moro paticnoojand moro self- command.than, his assailant or' moro rofpect for Parliament ary usages, tts practised'elsewhere, paid off his debt With a horsewhip in tho library, when, moro] than cno honorable . member,came, to fisticuffs!.^It seems,-so''far ns tho publie really know anything about thoTroattor; - to, haye become a general fight, until some of the 'strongest men, soling tho^porfc.. of poaoe ' maicera, managed to eepafátó'tlio" combatants not Without personal dararigo '. to thoms.:!vos. Affairs of this kind have not been infrequent. Wo are awaro of an toooasion when Ian ex- minister blpckenodlthe pyes .of "a Minister* of . the day ; and Various intel ludes: of a similar ^character have onlivonod, tho doliberations.of , Parliament du'rinfVth'o hours of adjournment' or.'retirement. But although these,'m&tters; ?were hushed up at. tho tim?, it wasfelt that tho. case now under consideration WOB too flagrant to be passod over- . It waa not only very bad .intrinsically, but tho worst of it" was that tho publia. knew all about it. Accord- ingly, as the'- dignity, of the Legislativa Assembly had thoa been wounded, tho House instructed the Attorney-General to.institute' a prosecution against the two offending mo tu- bers. ; The merits of tho oaso woro suoh that: an ordinary observer-might have-supposed the Polioe-offioo.'iio^be .tho propor ;arena ,for their dooisicn, and a 'maximum fine:.of fivo ' pounds-suoh as might hove been ioflioted in the pase of a oouplo of fightablo-draymen quito equal-to tho deliñqútínoy.on.either side, taking into consideration tho manners and customs ortho A ssc m bl jr, At all evonts,'as' the House had failed to-maintain its own "dignity, and thought it ¡ 'necessary" to appeal j to the ordinary courts of orimioal jurisdiction, ( itX^niight have ibeen*' expected that ,tho offending ; parties would bo charged in tho ordinary way, with a breaoh of the.publio peace. ? In' stióh'-cases' the Íibrasfology of on information is:x moat amiliar. -.The offender is aoousod of commit- ting his çrimo " against -the peaco of our Sovereign Lady the Queen, her Crown and 'dignity.;" bcoauso the Queen represents tho common wealth, against whioh tho offonoe is really committed. In this oase, however, tho , Attorney-Genoral ha3 thought propor- to indict tho defendants for any offence against tho dignity of tho Legislativo Àssombly No .wonder that Mr. JuBtico CIIEEKE forborb to pass sontonoe upon Mr. LEE when ho pleaded guilty to this new orimo. and remanded bim for- tho judgment of tho full Court. And it can soarceiy oxoito surpriso that Mr. MAC- PHERSON ignores tho jurisdiction of tho Cuuit altogether in auoh a oaso, and doolincs to pie id to auoh an information. Wo. cannot pretend to be so loamed in tho law as to know what the indictment really moans, or whether it implies an offence against statute law or com- mon law ; but we apprehend that if Mr. Af AOPUERSON*relies in support of hiB demurrer, |Hpon tho fact that he had not committed any 'breach of the reoognisod usages of tho Assem- bly, ho will have no great] d ¡iii jul ty in making < but his case. Tho immediate question; seems to bo whether a fight in tho ) Parliament Ho uso, whioh that House is uonblo or unwilling to deal with by virtuo of its own powers,oan bo'takon out of tho ordinary category of common assaults, and bo judged by tho Court as a high misdemeanour. If so, tho Supremo Court will at onoo be constituted as a high court of impoaohment, boforo whioh all mom hers hereafter offonding in a similar way moy be arraigned and punished. At prcsont wo are not awaro that tho Supremo Court has any suoh distinctive jurisdiction. Tho Judge Bits as tho representative of tho Sovcioign, so far as tho administration and vindication of tho existing lows aro ooncorned, but wo doubt very much if he can tako cognizance of uny privileges or assumed privileges of tho Par- liament Hero, however, anothor quoatlon «riso?, and a very important ono If tho Parliament lins any especial piivilego beyond and superior to tho ordinary operation of the law, can tho ordinary courts step in and inter-' fero, oven upon tho information of the Attornoy-Gcucrnl ? Wo aro strongly dU posod to bolicvo that they onnnot do fo if thoAo privileges aro admitted. Honorable members must thus bo loft to light out tlitir quarrels amongst thouifolves, and not bo allowed to burden tho country with further ox pounce in adjudicating botweon thom. It will bo seen from our report that tho argument upon Mr.MACfiiEiiBos'tídomurrer wnssctdown for hearing this morning, and, if proceeded with, it wiil probably elicit como noteworthy instances of tho manner in which Parlia- mentary priviliges aro usually -oxcroieed in tho Logislativo Asaoinbly of this colony. In tho uicatitimo tho ouläido public, who appear to havo nothing at nil to do with tho matter except pnying tho exponacs, can only look on and wonder what tho ooit of it nil will amount to, and ondoavour, in imagi- nation, to balnuco against that cost tho bonoilts that may aooruo to the community from this pretentious and ridiculous prosecution. lu geeVing to arrive at an cstiniijte of these benefits, tho'only thing apparent en -tho face of tho ra°o is tho vindication of the dignity ol *ho Assembly j and wo would ask, in the name .of oil that is reasonable, how mn oh ia that worth undor present oiroumstanoes f The smallest coin in tho realm woaid too too high a value tJput upon it. If tho defendants, or either of them, had boon indicted for an j outrago upon publie doocnoy, tho publio at largo would have folt mora interest in the trial th aa they da at present, apart' from tho interest that every man must fool in a" performance . whioh ho is called upon to ' pay for. The dignity of the Assombly 1 ? ¿ Wo oan an ioipato tho judgmont of " tho full Court" upon that valuable commodity, and that judgment will notibo likely to exalt tho dignity of those who aro! assumed, to, bo --,represented : in tho Assombly. Tho whole affair, which ^tnight and) ought to have bor-n dealt with in ó^sum mary manner, will in all probability end, to use i a familiar expression,, in a bottle oi smojko. . .?-.'. 1 Tris rABMAsrESTAnr' ASSAULT OASES.-MESSRS. LBB AS» MAOMIBB30K.-The. charges against Mr, Lee, M.P., and - Mr. Macpherson,'M.P., for assault! committod within''the precincts.'of tho legislative I Assombly, wera brought ba boforo Mr. Justlco CUeoko, nt Darlinghurst Courthouse," yvstordoy. . Mr. Let pleaded guilty, and was hound over to appoar on thc first doy of next Term, beforo tho full Court, to roooivc sentence. Mr. Macpherson, who acted as his own counsel, dcolinod to plead either guilty or not guilty, and, at the suggestion'of the Judge, who refused tc 'allow him to address tho Court except to plead or tc domur, ho entered a demurrer, on the ground that thc indictment was void, the offence charged not binns known either to common or statute law. The koaring of thoiorgumout on demurrer'wasi at tho request .ol tho 'Solioitor-Gonoral, postponed till IO o'clock thii day. ..",:'.,.:' . .DISTRICT Coora.-Tho rematador of tho undefended cases from-No. 2003 to No. 2303 will bo disposed ol to-day. - 1 '" ?. \- -WAÄEUOUSB ItonnBJiY.-Thé wárohouso of Mr T. J, [Stutohbury, situate at'No. 01,.Clarenco-stroot, wai feloniously brokon, into and robbed, botweon midday oh Saturday and early, on Monday morning last The entry was inscnibu'sly effojtod; tho only wonder.hoing that tho thieves wera not' heard..by somebody in tho inhabited premises,,adjacent.,. Tho back .gates, situate in York-land, 1-adimç from, Barrock-slroct, woro broken by the maraudora afterwards, who having, npDaronUy, a very rough ins rument to. work with,,cu ta piece out of tho low.er panel of tho b ck door leading into thc warohou'so, making an apo'rturo therein of sixtcon oi .eighteen inches, by, a width o£ ; nine inches, through which, it 'would ' appear, thc arm had been introduced to tako out the,bottom screw of.,tho box, into whioh Uhe boUs'of a powerful'lock fitted. Having looaonod it nt tho bottom, a purchase was easily attained, and tho upper part of the' bo¿ was bent and wronched out (riff ,iu place, ..and_accoss. obtained. Amongst tho..artwlos ,af.,,present- missed-though ¿urtliet stock-taking1. : niiy .'reveal 1 further, . loss-are ;a small box1 of tobacco, a chest of. tea, a box of vestas, iomo Hollo way's ointment, Äccv'tho. estimated value (beingi bet woori £80 and £10., It' is .evident "that tho property must havo been' tak'en away in'bagsy as thc thieves had deliberately' emptied '_tho cases of their .contents, leaving..tho ompty. packages behind.. The 'door'of tho cóuñtln'g-houso was also burst open, and 'tho drnwor looks of tho:tablo wronched open, in search , of othor kooty ; but no monoy was loft, in them. ; ^ It "¡9 suspected th t they attompted tho 'iron eafo.; but the probabilities sooni to bp against ..tho supposition, as, from its losition, tho ^noiee* consequent- upon tho attempt to force an ontry into it must havo inevitably been heard by nomo bf'tlie neighbours, or any passers -by, andjtbo risk of de action : would have been vory much incroosod. ( ' ' ' , * '' ' . ' ,,. ,. Co.-ranEOATio.N'Ar.1 Sqatoot, OOEAN STAÉET, WOOLI TAIIUA. -'A tea meeting' was held last evening in the " new. school room connected -with thn O ngrcgational oharch, Ocoau-stroer, Woollahra, ..Tnoro was.a orowded attendanco, and tho proceedings woro characterised br great animation. After tea, the mooting moved into tho church ; and. tbe. Kev. T. Oainford, pastor of tho congregation,. presided; After .prayer by'tho RJV. Jehn Graham, the secretary, Mr. Daniele, read tho report, by which it appeared ; that there had 'been -'a great incretse in tho Sabbath-school the attendanco now amounted to 121 scholars, with fourteen tcaohor*. Tbs treasurer. Mr. Palmer, read tho financial slalo- ment.'' Tho now school-hous? had cost about £300; of this £117 51.01. had boon contributed, and £20 promised. The ladios had prepared articlos for a sale, whioh were expected to bring in £100; and tho balance, £02 Ms. Od., they hoped to collect at this meeting. Tho Hov. J. P. Sunderland addressed the picoting on tho i mportauco of od ucation. 1 Ie maintained it was tho duty of tho Stato to givo scculir elucation to all children within tho torritory, and boliorod that it would bo right to maka education compulsory, as. no parente had a right to doprh o tlioir ohildrert of the privilpgo of education. It was tho duty ef tho Chris- tian Caurohcs to supply religious education. Ho heart ly oncouraged Sabbath school toachora to perse- vero in their good work, ia the assurance that un spoakablo blessings wou'd result from it Tho Ito v. Mr. Scott, a missionary of tho London Missionary Society, on his way to Samoa, spoko sn tho Sabbath school work/and with much earnestness urged on tho teachers faithfulness nnd diligonco. Tho Kev. John Graham concurred in the remarks of Mr. Suuderlaud on, tho duty- of tho " State ta _ provide secular oiucatjon ; and paid a tributo of praise to tho noble and consistent coursa pursued by the present Colonial Socrotary. as " tljo principal friend of education ia trite country," and ono whose namo would go down to poitority with honour' for tho work he had accomplished in, tho extension of education. Ho . then urged the duty, devolving on Christian people of communicating religious know ledgo-as education would bo very incomplete, without the culture of tho roligious powers. Ho appealed in eloquent strains to the zeal and liberality of the peoplo to help forward the. work of Oh istiai oduoation. The Rev, Mr. lAirsaith and the Itsv. IC Robinson, also -addressed tho meeting on the same toplos. A collec- tion waa made, and tho p oceedings wore brought to a closo shortly boforo 10 o'clock. Tho Ojean str ot congregation have earnestly exortod themselves, and evidently have tho well-deserved sympathy of their noighbou s in this good work.. - . I-'ATAI. ACCIDENT. > A tologram was' received Mn Sydney la t droning announcing the deaUi of .Mn Viucont, ot Mol bourne, tío husband of tho o'lobrated actress Miss Cleveland, ho having'boon killed by on accidental fall from his horso. . Da AT rr ix iiik IN ri roi Arr.-Tho young man, Henry Sawyer, who waa on Saturday last thrown from his horse in Purraraatta-stçtft, and afterward* taken to the Infirmary, expired in flint institution yesterday morning. An inquest on tho body will bo hold beforo the City Coroner, at his offlco, Hydo Park, thia morning. ItoTAi, ViCToniA TiisATns.-Last overing Mr. Stark impersonated "Hamlet," at this theatre His idra of tho " moody DAno" was exceedingly well re coivo J, a td ranks as high as any of hts previous oilbrta Mr. Ireland made a good Lirrtcs, and Mr. Stuart O'Brien a capital Claudius. Mr. Hoskins, as the Ghost, was alto oxcollont Miss Kate Corcoran un- dertook the arduous part of Opbolia, mid admitted lior self to tho sitwfaation of tho audience. The rest of tho characters wcro ably supported. Tho perfor- mances concluded with tho farco of "A Quiot Family." BACIIKI.»KR'R I'ANOIIAUA.-A vory largo audionco altondcd lent night to witnosB this entertainment, and tboy woro rewnidud by tho introJuotion of covoral now pieturos during tho cvoning. Of those wo may partieulaiit-o a [io trait of tho hero of Ohancolloisvillo, Stnnowal' Jackson, ' lio appearance of tho Cou fedora to Qonoral hoing tho eignnl fur a loud burst of cheering; tho surrender of Ocnoral Leo, a very carefully elabo- rated pictures Shorrann'B mulch through Ooorgla, and Shermnn's toldieia foraging; and though Inst, not least, tho assassination ol President Lincoln. This is rathor a misnomer, tho artist having selected tho moment afior tho assassination when Wilkes Booth, brandishing a dagger, jumped an to the stage and modo his exit beforo tho liyslniidora lind recovorod from their con-tcrmition. With tho addition of tho now pioturo, the serios now' contains almost overy oront of importance dtiri' g Die stru/glo, aud olfuis great inducemonts to lovers of hiitory nnd pnliticu ns willi as to oidinnry sight scorn. Tho mechanical "sot to" betweon tho Alaiinnn sud Kcnreage, and tho funeral of Presldont Lincoln, atillvontiuuo to obtain great applause, a« indeed they fully deserve 