SINGULAR CASE OF FORCIBLE ENTRY A.V SHOALUAVEN. A KIOHT FOR POSSESSION. The Slcall.trcn Kctcs of Saturday contains tho report et a cuFevhcro certain pcifoDs were charged with Making a foreille enfiy into a dwcJlinp-haufe and premises. We have nlridfcd the very lengthy report given by the local journol: — On (be 4th Angupt, before Messrs Aldmra, Glanville, and li'ico. J l'.'s. at ihe Nuwrn Police Court, luhn Mems phen, Jfdi'cp Monnghan, C. Quilly, Thomas JI'Brien, Jnti!cs M'Gtiire, sen.; James M'Guire, jun., Hobert Aberdeen, Lucblin M'Kinncn, Thomas Connolly, M. Eowen, William Cosier, Bichard Gouldirip, Willinm M'Guire. Frank M'Guire, and John Campbell, appeared upon warrants, isFUcd at tho instance of Eobert Williams, of Grcenliills, Shonlhaven, whose infor mation charged the defendants with havintr on the 28th day of July laEt, forcibly entered the dwelling-house and premises of proEecutejr, contrary to the statutes icade and provided. Mr. 1 burlow appeared for the proseeaition, while Messrs. Eoberte and Eichardu watched the case on behalf of the whole of tbe defendants. A large amount of evidence waB taken, nnd .as it reveals a case of rather a novel kind in these colonies, we copy some of the most important portions : — The first witness called was the ejected rmn, Robert Willisrne, who deposed that on the 15th July list I took jiotfitss-ion of tho house and laud in question; I remained till the 16th ; on that day, James Monaghan. c;i;.ie to the boute and asked for E'obert O'Ne;il ; I said ho was not there: I never left tbe house; he asked me wli:it I was dnirg there ; I said I had taken possession ; Monaghau then took me by the heels and dragged me out; John, Smith wns present; after Monaghan dragged me out he shut the place up; Smith and I went away; next day, tho 17th July, I went back, taking with me my wife, three children, female servant, and a female relative; I bad also four paid men on the land ; I ploughed the land and planted corn ; on the 28th of July, while I was at the Court, my family were in peaceful possession ; I iiad two men working upon the land; I was concerned in a case tried at the Court; it was about 5 p.m. when I lefttha Court ; I heard something while* I was at the Court, and 8 sked. several parties to go with me to the house ; when I arrived there, I found my family in the verandah ; James Monsghan was standing before the door, which was shut ; I asked him to clear the way and let me in ; tbere was a forest of men at that time about the house; I took my frif nds with me to protect me; John Uonaghan via insida the hoUFe when I got there ; outside wnre Frank JI'Guire, James M'Guire, of Boolong ; James M'Guire, the general, both the Monaghans ; these I can swear were at tbe house when I went from the Court that day; James Monnghan waB at Court and was bound over to keep the peace towards me that day. Thomas JO'Brien, Cosier, Bowcn, Gouldipg, J. Campbell, and Quilty were all there ; did not notice Connelly or M'Kin non ; ihey were there in the day time ; my wife told me they were there ; I am not sure of William Campbell being there ; wo went to the front door and could not get in ; we then went round to the back ; Jamee Monaghan was stand ing at the door with. a. stick; I told somebody to break tha door in with en axe ; as ked Monaghan to let the women in, but he f aid he would not ; there were then a great mob about the place, shouting and yelling; there wero about thirty persons present; they all had weapons, such as sticks, stones, sbisgles, or pieces of zinc ; James M'Guire, junior, rushed at one of my men, made use of some bad words, and said 'where is your party :' tmeof my men said 'here we are;' M'Guire struck one man, when a general melee ensued ; William Cosier said ' is there a 9 stone man among you?' there was a very large mob ; James Monaghan rushed and struck me with a three -cornered piece of sawn stuff; old General M'Guire was flinging stones at the women, and would have killed some of them, only Boiae ona rtruck him down with a slick ; I don't know who struck down M'Guire; the women were struck several times with, the stones; John Monaghan was inside threatening to shoot people; James Monaghan was behind me, ready to split me down with a bit of sawnqftu?; at that moment a person in white floored him; w&n; he fell, my wife Ecrcomcd out, ' Oh, my God, that man's killed ; ' she re ferred to James Monnghan ; there were ten besiden myself in my^rarty, besides five women; the crowd on the other side kept increasing ; they increased until there were one hundred persons (a laugh) ; Miss Graham, my wife, Mrs. Seddell were there ; I am married to a Graham— one of . the children of Ihe late William. Graham ; we had to ran l( away, owing to the mol) rushing at us with stones, shingles, brickbate, clods. &c; ; I am now ejected from the place ; I bad some working bullocks on the land at the time ; it was about 7 o'clock at night when we were forced to clear away ; j on Tuesday last, the 28th- July, James M'Guire, James ^ Monaghan, and Mrs. Monaghan were in attendance at this Court ; I was present on that day. In cross-examination Williams stated that his wife and Mrs. Monaghan, mother of the two first-named defendants, were related, both maiden names being 'Graham;' the witness also admitted that he hod no title deeds, but had documents in right of his wife, which, however, he refused to produce ; James M'Guire, sen , had been in possession of Ihe lend for some eight or ten years, and witness had been watching all that lime to get possession. He than stated: I had a mnb of people there on tha 28th July; they assembled in the evening after we left the Court ; there were eleven of us all told ; my wife and family and ser vant were also there; the mobs rushed at each other; Jsmef M'Guire was the first to strike a blow ; some of our mob were paid men; there were three paid men ; employed these men to protect ray family ; there was a gun in tha louse ; my wife did not have the gun in her hands ; she wns whirled out of the house by John Monaghan ; James M'Guire was knocked down ; he wu not knocked! down by a ghost ; 1 believe I knocked him down ; James Monaghan hung on to me with a stick ; somebody knocked him down; heard some say they would fight with their fists; don't know, but have heard, that Mrs. Monaghan, the mother of James Monaghan, held posses sion of this property; it was on the 16th that James Mosaghan got through the window, opened the door, and dragged me out by the heels; the interest I claim is through my -wife: cunnot eay that she has any interest; it is disputed property between the families of William and James Graham ; they are both dead ; Mrs. Mcnag han was a Miss Graham ; on the night of the 28th one of my men attempted to break in (be door with an. axe fcy my orders; this was at the time or , the general row ; James end John Monaghan were the par tieB who commenced the row; only ona of my party was knocked down; Monaghan and M'Guire were knocked down on the other side ; the gun was' not used at all ; Eeveral of my parry were out with: knives or axes: old General M'Gtiire had charge of the heap of stones ; saw James Monaghan armed with a stick; Frank Macguire had a stick too; it might be a shingle ; there were more than three shouted ; over ona L hundred were shouting ; my men shouted too ; I told lay men to let them alone ; I was frightened of the stones ; all the defendants before the Court were there ; John Monaghan said ' stand back, stand back, or I'll shoot you ; ' believe ho had a gun in his hand ; did not see it ; I said, 'Oh, that's you Mozufghan ; ' James Monaghan had a stick, a bit of eawn stuff, when we went up ; it was not a walking- stick ; don't know whether Mrs. Monaghan has relet the property to Mr. James M'Guire since the affray. Further evidence was taken in support of the plaintiff's case, but the cross-examination of the witnesses led to tho inference that Williams cemnienced tho assault in en deavouring to regain posfossion of tho property ; and one witness, Denis Mahoney, deposed:—' I was paid for going that night, Williams paid me 17s. cash and a boltle erf rum ; I got tho money promised next day ; did not care what I did for the £1 ; am a toptawyer; Williams agreed to eiveGalvina £1; he met us both accidentally ; he told us that there was going to be a row, and that there were some men at his place ; there* were eleven of us altogether; believe we were all paid £L each ; Williams said we should have to take possession by force; don't believe 'Williams could have knocked dotm. Meguire without my seeing bim ; am satisfied that ho diet not do it; to the best of my belief Monaghan wa3 struck down ; our party was the first to commit violence ; I was armrd with a stick about fourteen inches long ; nil the rest of the party were armed ; Williams gave all the party a stick ; ho gave me one ; we were to face anybody and any thing ; oil our parly had a glass of grog at David Hymn's, before going to the place ; Hyaru's is about a mile f rota the scene of the row ; I had a glass of ram : got my £1 next day, Mr. Surg-eon Reid gave evidence aa to the dressing of a scalp wound fora mnn named Junes, a punctured wound for one Galvin, and a contused wound for one of the- J! M'Guires. ?' Eobert O'Neill, who had occupied tbe place as a tenant \\- of James M'Guire, was called for tho defence, and deposed to giving up possession on tho 17th July to the lessor James M'Guire. Their Worships retired for about half- on-hour, and upon, taking their seats, Mr. Thomson said the Bench had care fully considered the evidence in this case, and they had come to the conclusion to dismiss it The case is therefore dkmiesed. The annenneement was received with cheers. ? and when the large body of spectators who had crowded the Court-house almost to suffocation throughout tha whole of this lengthy trial got outside the building they continued , cheering and counter-cheering for some considerable time. , Mr. Tliurlow applied for copies of tho depositions, with a ~ view of bringing the case under the notice of the Attorney General. Two af sault oases arising out of the above, Noakes v. M'Guire, and W. M'Guire v. Hyam, were disposed of by the defendants being bound over to keep the ponce for three months, in one surety of £5. 