NET? SOUTH "WALES. Sydney, "Wednesday. The branch of the New South Wales Bank at Sofala was robbed early on Tuesday morning, of two thousand pounds (£2000). Ovens Benevolent Asylum. — A meeting of the Benevolent Asylum Com mittee was held last evening. Present : The President, and Messrs Bentley, J. Young, Collier, and Dr Fox. The minutes of the previous meeting were read and confirmed, with some unim portant alterations. A letter was read from the Rev. J. D. Dodgson, forwarding £4 lis, half the amount of collection made in the Wesleyan Ohurch, and was ordered to be acknowledged with thanks. A letter was also read from the Manager of the Extended Sons of Freedom Gold Mining Company, naming Mr James Sinclair as a governor. The Superin tendent's report showed that there were at present in the house 80 men aud 2 women ; receiving ont-door relief, 2 men and 7 men. There were five applica tions for admission — 3 in the Gaol and 2 in the Hospital. It was resolved that William Benison, from the Gaol, be admitted. The election of a Com mitteeman was ordered to stand over till next meeting. The rate account, £1 16s, was passed for payment, and the meeting then adjourned. The Ovens Election. — In spite of Mr G. Y. Smith, who took the very un enviable part of coming to his own dis trict tq oppose his own colleague, Mr Kerferd, hs;s been returned by a majority that will finally prove, to the "Loyal Liberals " that the men of the Ovens are not fools. Mr Berry polled 956 votes against Mr Kerferd's 1180. New Brewery at Wangaratta. — There is every probability of a brewery7 being shortly ereot6d in Wangaratta. A meeting of gentlemen favorable to the project met at the Commercial Hotel on Tuesday evening. After some discus sion, " it was agreed that a Brewery Company be formed under the Liability Act, to consist of twenty members who have subscribed £100 each. - Soqie twelve shares were immediately taken up, and there is every likelihood of the remaining number being accepted in a day qr two. Three gentlemen offered certain eligible sites fur the Brewery, cm conditions. Mr Ft. Duqlop offered a piece of land near the Horse and Jockey Hotel, at 30s per foot ; Mr William Clarke, some laud on the banks of the King River, at 40s per foot; and Mr Henry Ivett offered a site at the rear of .the Royal Hotel, gratis. Mr-' -Clarke's site was allowed to be the best. ' A sub committee was appointed to report on the most suitable site. It is anticipated the new Brewery Company will have b,eer for sale by next Christmas. The Rutueeglen Concert in Aw of the Ovens District Hospital/ — We ; are happy to state that the concert which was given at Ruthergleu on Monday evening, the 2'2od instant, iu aid of the funds of the above institution, was the greatest success yet achieved in tha$ township. Children Scaded. — It was only I last Saturday we hd to record the death | of a child from scalding. Another accident of the sane kind, although not likely to be fatal, has just occurred to two children of Mi Chant, of Newtown. The accident occurred by the log, on which a kettle was BtandiDg on the fire, being hirned through, and giving way. Wafgaratta Common School. — The following gentlemen have specially been appointed by the Board of Educa tion to be members of . the Wangaratta Common School.: — Arthur Jennings Smith, Charles A. Bundle, and William Clark. P Cup.:ous Hallucination. — An old gentlenan arrived by the Melbourne coach h Beechworth last Tuesday, and asked vhether this was Launceston. He said hewas under the impression that he was travelling to that place, and that he mus; return to Melbourne next morn ing, wlick he actually started to do yesterdiy. Whether he left Melbourne under tie impression as stated, or that the senses yere knocked out of him by the fearful journey, we are unable to say. Narrow Escape. — While Mr Thomas Little, of Stanley, was driving his wife and another person to Stanley, just at" dusk on Monday evening, at the sudden turn in the roal between Sim- monds' and Murray's, he was alarmed by hearing a vehicle coming towarcla tho corner at a fearful pace, the driver urging his horse to tho utmost by shouting and whipping. Mr Little conld not get off the road, but he had just time to turn his horse's head when he saw a carpenter named George Mason driving one of Crawford and Connolly's coaches at a tremendous rate, apparently without having any hold of the reins. Sadden death or some fearful accident seemed inevitable, hut luckily the horse driven by Mason swerved just as the collision was coming and the coach taking the buggy sideways crushed it down, and was itself turned clean over. Mason was sent away like a rocket, and lay for dead, while Mr and Mrs Little were pitched over the dash hoard, and the person with them over the hind wheel. The three latter picked themselves up none the worse, except the fright, and went to look after Mason, the horse driven by him having got out of the harness, but remained, being checked by the reins, which, instead of having been in the mad driver's hands, were fastened to the coach. On their approaching Mason ho got up and ran for the bush as if be wildered, but soon fell again, and was finally picked up badly cut. Mr J. Costa, who was passing at the time, and had some trouble with Mason, left his man in charge of the horse and coach. Mason was found badly cut about tho face the next morning lying in some water in the paddock beyond Tidyman's into which he bad evidently rolled. The coach had been hired from Cra.vford and Connolly by the contractor for the erection of the eleclion booths at Hurdle Flat and Stanley. River Steam Boats. — It will be re membered that Mr Foord, finding his steamboat, tho Wahgunyah, too small for his business, exchanged her, in ad dition to a sum of money, for a more capacious vessel, the Weradgery. Mr Leonard became possessed of the Wah- gunyah by this exchange, but we lefirn that he has now disposed of her to Mr Hillson, of Tocumwal, for the price of £1500. As she was a very fortunate boat under her previous owners, we trust she will have as good success under her present manigeinent. — Albury Banner. A Ghost Story. — Y correspondent, whose veracitj' is unimpeachable, sends the following to tho C'rtsicick Advertiser : — " An amusing affair happened in this neighborhood (a village not a hundred miles from Creswick) the other evening, which was too good to go down to ob scurity nnchronicled. A farm laborer, recently arrived from the ' ould counthry,' and employed on a large farm, was, after supper, and when sable night had as sumed her supremacy, sent out to drive in a cow which was grazing in a paddock adjacent to the farmhouse, and which had to be driven early next morning to a pur chaser residing at some distance from the farm. Cur verdunt friend proceeded on his mission, ' whistling as he went for j want of thought,' and on arriving at that part of tho paddock where he expected to find the cow. called her by name, knowing full well that if within hail she j would respond to his call by making her appearance. Our friend was of a rather j nervous temperament, and you may i therefore imagine his consternation when i he observed through the gloom a strange- looking shape robed in white, moving silently towards liim. Horrified, he gazed on the approaching intruder, until within a few feet of him, when fear obtained the mastery over . him, and giving vent to an unearthly yell, which was distinctly heard at the farmhouse, he incontinently made traoks, at a rate that would have ' defied competition.' Bashing head long into the bouse, he startled every body by exclaiming. ' Oh. nqurthor, I'vo seen a glirist, and I believe it's me father's.' No arguments could induce biih to venture out again in quest of tho cow, and the good inan of the bouse, waxing indignant at what he termed the superstitious fears of his man, went out himself ; but had scarcely got his nose outside the door when the ' spectral visitor' appeared before him at a few yards distance. 'Nothing daunted by it's un earthly appearance, our sturdy farmerwent boldly up to the ' ghostly intruder,' who, on observing the farmer, lowed joyfully, and on a closer examination, turned out to be the identical cow tfye astonished farmer was in search of. Divesting it of i:s " gravelike habili ments," he carried them inside, where they were recognised by his worthy better half as the remnants of a large counter pane which had been put on " the grass to bleach, and which by some means tt»e cow, while grazing, had picked up. with her horns, and in her struggles tq get rid of her unwelcome guest, , fastened inextricably on them. The ; laborer has siuoa left the locality, for he 1 could not stand the many queries as to whether he had seen his ' lather's ghost lately. \ Pedestrianism. — Aa might he ex pected, several matches were made j between pevsons de3iripg to test their powers after the Beechworth Athletic ; Sports, some of which came oft' the next morning. Amongst them was a trial of strength for a couple of pounds between Telford, who has run professionally, and Mr White, of the Albion-road, the dis- tance being 100 yards, and White having five yards start. . Telford won easily. .There was then a hop step and jump match between Telford and Billy Cook, Cook winning hands down. Dinner to Mr. Kbrferd. — We are certainly a curious people. We express onr feelings through sirloins pf beet and legs of mutton. Mr Kerferd, who is, as it happens, Minister of Mines, and vir- j tually Minister of Railways, and most unmistakeably Member for the Ovens District, is to have a "dinner, " in Beech worth. Now that he is elected, we trust it will not he against the policy of the Sladen Ministry that we should hear their general policy, as there exists the grossest errors regarding it. Mr , G. Y. Smith has been sowing fallacies broadcast against his own colleague ; but thank Heaven he has not found enough of men sufficiently weak in the Ovens District to support him. His own seat is not worth much at the general election. Mr Kerferd ought to have some kind of expression ol opinion on the part of the public, and soma ' cbance , of .stating his own views before he leaves this district | for Melbourne. This might be effected at the proposed dinner, as Mr Kerferd j does not start until Saturday morning for Melbourne, I Colonial Industry. — The Bendigo j Advertiser of Friday was printed on paper , made at Mr Ramsden's paper manufac- ! tory. Although the quality of the paper, says that journal, " may not be equal to that produced by English manufacturers of a similar article, we are certain that for a first attempt at the production of such an article, tlii manufacturer, Mr Ramsden, is deserving of very great credit. That he vill, with increased and more efficient machinery, and ex perience gained by time, be enabled to manufacture an article equal to that imported, there is every reason to believe." The Mount Alexander Mail also announces the intention to use Mr ; Ramsden's paper. The Melbourne : Herald also, of Satmday, was printed on Mr Ramsden's paper. ! Sale of Crown Lands. — We beg to j direct attention to aa advertisement of ! one of the largest sabs of Grown Lands , in various parts of tha district which has lately taken place. he notice is rather : short, but we feel convinced the laxity is j not due to the local Survey office. I The Queen's Birihday Ball. — The ! dance, which was got cp to commemorate : the birth of Queen Victoria, will take place to-night, at St. George's Hall. It | is intended to be a jolly afiair. We j niav repeat that gentlemen are not ex- ' peeled to appear in evening dress, nor ladies. As to the character of the hall, we have only to refer to the names of tho committee, which appear in tha ad vertisement. Concert at Hurdle Flat. — The Stanley Minstrels announce that they will give a concert at Huvdlo Flat, in aid of the school building fuud, on Friday, 2nd June. Sales at Wangaratta. — Mr Alex. Tone, auctioneer, will sell by auction at AYangaratta, on Saturday next, five cottages and several allotments of land ; also twenty-six head of cattle. The Weather. — The Sprint/field Tte- pntbUcan is jocose about the wet weatner. It says : — " Life is water-logged ; nature has got the dropsy ; and we need a pro hibitory law and State constables against water. Camp meetings are drowned out. The corn spindles but does not fatten ; the squash grows thin and watery and the pota'o has begun to rot. Saddest of all, the paper-makers have lost their summer excuse for keeping up prices, and take oft' their hats to poor printers." Colonial Printing Ink Manufactory. — A number of ladies and gentlemen assembled on the inst., at the premises of Mr F. T. Wimble, Little Collins- street, to witness the starting of that gentleman's machinery for making printing ink. Several attempts have at j one time or another been made to manu- I facture printing ink in the colony, but ' from want of perseverance on the part of the projectors, or insufficient capital, ! each attempt has had to be abandoned. Mr Wimble has had an extensive I experience in the manufacture, | having been at one time manager for ! Mossrs Shackle and Edwards, of London, I the leading makers of ink. In the manufacture of the ink pure materials ; are always required. The colors are obtained from animal, vegetable and j mineral bases by chemical process. Lin- ! seed oil, when refined and all the fatty : matter taken from it, is then mixed with ; the colors in a mixing machine and j afterwards placed in the rolling mill, j where it passes over rollers and is ground ' perfect fine, and leaves the machine in the thick substance termed printing ink. A four-horse power machine -with patent conical tubes by Davis and Primrose, of Leith, has ! been imported and ereeted by Mr i AYimble, and every preparation rqhda for the successful carrying out of his works.. The present machine is capable of ' making about one hundred -weighs of the ! ink a day. All colors are made on the j que machine, with the exception of black. ; which requires to be made separately. : At present it is nqt Mr Wimble's inten tion ta make his own pigments, but to import them until he lia3 better appli- 1 ances for. the manufacture. Printing ink imported Iroui England loses consider ably on the voyage, . and becomes very hard and sometimes of little use to ! the importer. Printers will, there-: : fore, derive great advantage from having the ink made in the colony, J which, in addition to. retaining its liquid ' condition, will also retain a higher- state of color, the climate from its extreme dryness and the purity of the atmosphere . preserving the color. After the process of examiniug and explaining the nature of the works, the company present draqlc success to the undertaking, and Mrs Bailliorc christened the mills the " Violet Priuting Mills," in honor of the first color turned out of the mill. - 