LOCAL & GENERAL INTELLIGENCE YASS COURT OF PETTY SESSIONS, Wednebday. April 1. Before Mr Besnard. Oo.untry Towns Police Aot.— Joseph Alex ander Robinson pleaded not guilty to allowing n oow. his property, to stray in the streets. He stated that he employed a boy to tail the cows at 2s. a week, that he went to church on the Sunday, the day on which the offense wns alleged to have been committed. This wns tnken as a plea of not guilty. The evidence of constable Drohan was taken, which wns to the effect that the cow was astray in Dutton -street, nnd that no person was in charge of it at the time. Fined 5s. without costs.— Pottrick Crago wns charged with the same offenee, and pleaded guilty. Fined 5s., without costs. . Before Messrs. Besnard and O'Connor. Industrial Schools Aot. — A boy named Allen, apparently about nine or ton years of age, wns brought boforo the bench by Mr sub- inspeotor Brennan. charged with having no fixed place of abode, nor any lawful means of subsistence. Mr Brennnn stnted to their worships thnt the de fendant's father had at one time lived at Limestono Creek and had been convicted of cattle-stealing ; since then the boy had been living at Killeen's. and some time at Moore's, from whioh place be had bolted. Whon he wns apprehended he was in a stnte of great filth, and it was neoessary to have his hair cut very close. Mr Brennan said it would be a charity to send the lad on board the Yernon. whore he would bo brought up to habits of cleanli ness and industry. Senior-constable Murphy deposed . I saw the defendant. Thomas Allen, at the White Horse Tnn, Cooma-street, Ynss, on Monday last ; I asked him if he had any fixed place of residence ; he said that William Ourran had promised to take him ; I saw Curran a few minutes after, nnd he. told me he wns not able to tnko him ; I then handed him over to constable Smith and he was confined in the lookup; I have known that the police have been out in the bush in search of de fendant, and that he has been wandering from place to place ; from the knowledge I have of the boy he has no fixed place of residence nor nny means of support: I believo he is nine or ten years of ago, he is under sixteen years of age. To tho bench : I am aware that his mother is dead and that bis father is under sentence at Cockntoo. Mr Brennnn remarked to their worships that while the lockup-keeper was absent for a moment to get some water this lad Allen had mannged to get to tho top of the fence for the purpose of mak ing his escnpo, and thnt he was very nearly off. In answer to a question from the bench, tho de fendant said that young Mrs Ourran would keep him. Mr Brennan made some remark to the effect that such a stntemont was improbable. The defendant was then ordered to be forwarded to Sydney, with the view of his being sent on board tho Vernon, Thursday, April 2. Before Dr. O'Connor. Unnatdral Offenoe.— Walter Gaffney. a man apparently about sixty- four or sixty-five years of age. was brought up on warrant, charged on the information of Patrick Ringwood with having, on the 19th of March, committed and subsequently attempted to commit an unnatural offence. Mr Harper, of the office of Mr W. F. Wilkinson, solicitor, asked his worship's permission to advise the prisoner on behalf of that learned advocate. Dr. O'Connor said he had no objection, and con- sequently Mr Harper conducted the defence. Mr sub- inspector Brennan conducted the prose- oution and stated the circumstances of the case to his worship; after which he called Senior-constable Chapman, who deposed; I am stationed at Jugiong; I lately received information from sub-inspector Brennan, charging the prisoner with an unnatural offence ; I apprehended him on the 1st inst. at Five-Mile Creek, on the Southern road; I told him the charge; he asked the mean- ing of the word designating the crime with which he was charged ; I told him he would know about that as soon as he came to Yass : I brought him to Yass and confined him in the lockup there. Patrick Ringwood was then examined by Mr pub-inspector Brennan, and deposed as follows : I was lately in Mr Lehane's employ : I entered his service about three weeks before Christmas ; pri- soner was not there at that time : I was at Coppa- bolla, near Roedy Creek, and was a fortnight there before he came ; when he came he appeared to be friendly and shook hands with me. The prosecu- tor then proceeded to state that on the occasion of that night prisoner made attempts to commit the offence with which he was charged. He said that he was a cousin of mine ; I said I did not know it he then said he had followed me from Corrobara Messrs. Clarke and Maeleay's station, on the Murrumbidgee to Mr Lchane's. Tho prosecutor then further proceeded to state other acts of the pri- soner's, but which, however, were not such as to establish the capital folony. The details were ex- ceedingly disgusting. I shifted my bed, and when I did so prisoner got a tomahawk to kill me. The prosecutor on being asked, said the offence had been committed every night from a fortnight before Christmas to the 25th March, with the exception of a week when he and prisoner wero separated on the road. I slept in the same hut with prisoner at Narraburra [the witness then described another attempt there to commit the alleged offence]: he (prisoner) then dragged me out of bed to the door and swore by his Holy Ghost that he would kill me and then the witness proceeded to say what he would do afterwards : I ran away in my shirt and stopped away for half an hour, when I returned to the hut the witness explained that this was on the 24th March and not on the 19th March that the offence was committed : I was frightened of my life, and that was the reason 1 did not go away from the station : when I got some one to take my sheep, I came to Yass through the bush : I had told Willie Lehane that prisoner had committed the offence : it was never committed with my con- sent or own free will : I am seventy-one years of age last St. Patrick's Day. Cross-examined by Mr Harper for Mr Wilkin- son : I knew prisoner before he came to Mr Lehane's and was very friendly with him at that time ; I knew him at Cuba one of Messrs. Clarke and Maeleay's stations ; he was not then in the same hut with me ; when he tried to commit the offenoe with me I was not able to struggle the witness amended his evidence by stating that he understood the question put to him was 'strike' : I could not do so, he (meaning prisoner) was a terrible man ; I always struggled when he at tempted to commit what he did: there were Mr Robinson and Mr Willie Lehane who had charge of the station : Mr Robinson had charge of the station : prisoner and I were shepherding two flocks, which we watched : I saw Robinson only when he came to count the sheep : my hut was one and a half mile from Marshall's public-house, and I used to go there frequently at night, sometimes five times in a weok, sometimes twice or three times, and sometimes not at all : I never was drunk in my life, although I can drink : I have seen Mar- shall's Paddy : one night I fell down coming from Marshall's, a stick caught me between the legs, and threw me, but I did not send for prisoner to come and take me home ; I was at Marshall's on the night of the 24th March ; I brought a bottle of pale brandy home ; I drank nothing at Marshall's that night; when I got home I drank one glass from the bottle and that was all: I do not know what I was discharged for. [The witness was asked whether he was not dis- charged for starving his flock ; he persisted in stating that he did not know for what reason he was discharged : Mr Lebane, junior, took the flock from him.] I shook hands with prisoner when I left, I was only too glad to get away ; I told him I would go back to the hut, but I did not do so ; I left the station by another road, that by Dacey's : he said before I went, "for God's sake stop, and I will steal a horse and we will go together." At this stage of the proceedings Mr sub-inspector Brennan said that this was in his opinion decidedly the worst case that had ever been brought before this court, and he would ask for a remand on the ground of justice to the community. He was de- sirous of procuring the attendance of Mr William Lehane on this account, and would therefore apply for a remand. As the Circuit Court was to be held at Goulburn next week it would be desirable that the remand should be for a fortnight, as the attendance both of Dr. O'Connor and himself would be required there. It was then arranged that the prisoner should be remanded till next Wednesday, with the under- standing that upon that day there should be a fur- ther remand till the following Wednesday, upon which day the case would be further proceeded with. Friday. April 3. Before Dr. O'Connor. Attempt to commit Rape. — Allen Duncan was charged with having attempted to commit a rape on his daughter. Catherine Duncan, a child under ten years of ago. Mr sub-inspector Brennan conduoted the pro- seoution. The prisoner was undefended. William Hayes deposed : I am a constable stationed at Yass ; from information received I proceeded to Bendinine in company with constable McCaw on Wednesday last, about one and a half mile from a sheep station belonging to Mr O'Brien, I arrested prisoner and charged him with an attempt to commit a rape on his own daughter, a child about seven years of ago; he said, " Oh, my God ! I am ready to go with you anywhere you like he asked me if I would accompnny him to his place about a mile and a half from there, that he might see his son ; I took him to Binalong that night, and confined him in the lockup there, and next day brought him into Yass; before 1 started to arrest him I was in- formed the doctor had examined the child, The prisoner Raid at first he had no questions to ask, but subseqeutly witness stated in reply, to prisoner. "You asked me who laid the informa- tion, and I told you I believed it was your wife." Catherine Duncan, aged about six years made the following statement :-The prisoner is my father; I recollect last Friday ; I believe he was at the races, it was getting on night when he came home ; he went into the little hut at the back of house, and I went round to him to ask him if had any lollies ; I asked him if he had any, he said nothing: he caught me up in his arms. Here the witness stated the commission of the offence as alleged. My father never tried to do this be- fore ; at this time my mother called me ; I did not say anything to my mother ; the same night I slept with father and mother; I slept at the foot of the bed ; my father did something to me that night ; witness then stated the commission of a similar offence by prisoner ; my mother was outside in another hut ; she had gone out with a light; I did not on either occasion sing out; I was going the hut behind the house; my brother Jack never did the same thing to me; he had tried to do it a to do so when he told me to be quiet; this was in good while before in the wheat paddock ; my brother is a little bigger than me ; my mother did not tell me to say this to-day; I told my mother the next morning. The sub-inspeotor : Did your mother tell you to swear to this? The witness slightly hesitated and half said yes. she then said no. She then reiterated that "her father had done it. To Dr. O'Connor : I don't know how many bags of wheat there were in the hut : I think five : my brother was sleeping in the same room with my father, my mother, and myself, but in a separate bed : my brother was in bed when my father com- mitted the alleged offence. To prisoner : When I left home with my mother she did not tell me what to say: she told me to tell it to you Mr Brennan, and not be afraid and not be ashamed of what you did to me; she stated in her cross-examination that her other brother Bob had committed the same offence to her. Allan Campbell. Esq., surgeon, deposed that he had examined Catherine Duncan on Wednesday, but there was no appearance of a rape having been committed, although there were certain indications which showed the probabilitv of an attempt having been made to commit the offence, the indications, however, might have been otherwise caused. The prisoner having been cautioned, said he had no statement to make : he said in continuation, that it was a pity the child was along with such a woman, that he had no idea that they were coming in to take proceedings : he told the police who ap- prehended him what he was doing ; his horse was at the sheep-station door. Dr O'Connor said whether what the child had stated was true or false, it was lamentable to find a child so young who know so much. Mr Brennan said he had never heard a stricter cross-examination without the evidence being shaken. The prisoner was then committed to take his trial at the next Quarter Sessions. Bail allowed. 