It may bo taken for a thing proved and settled i now that the 42nd clause of Grant's Land Act constitutes in a small compass the true land system of Victoria. It may he, and will still further ho. on. largcd in its operation, as, indeed, it is to some extent being so enlarged at tho pre sent time j and_ this enlargement will go far to accomplish all tho desires and ex pectations of the people upon tho subject at no distant day. But even as it is, in its present imperfeot and undeveloped state, the land system of which tho 42nd clause of tho act of 1805 is tho kernel and germ,' is the one only system of peopling the territory of this eolony, which public opinion hero has so long sought for, and which, once that it is obtained, now shall continue «n perpetuum, until the end in view is accomplished— namely, manning the broad acres of this division of Australia with a crowded population of prosperous yeomen, true sons of the soil, its glory and its strength. It is therefore very satisfactory to find that the evidences which are forthcoming of the operation and_ the results of this system, even now m its early beginnings, aro of a kind to convince even tho most sceptical that it constitutes the basiB of great and wide spread prosperity throughout all classes of tho community..) This prosperity, com mencing at the very foundations of so ciety, will inevitably and naturally ascend upwards, spreading out as it rises, until it permeates tho entiro social fabric This, in fact, is the great virtue of this system that its operation begins at the bottom and ascends naturally and easily .to the top of the social fabric, like tho well-laid strata of masonry in a noblo edifice. Tho pros perity of tho agricultural class thus called into existence will bo followed by tho prosperity of tho artisan, tho manu facturing, tho commercial, and tho pro fessional classes, each in their duo time — just as effect follows cause— until at length Victoria stands forth confessed a great and a powerful country. This has _ been the caso under like circumstances in the United Stutos of America, and.it will bo so hero. Tho bailiffs employed by the Govern ment under tho Act of 18G5 aro now engaged in collecting tho statistics of settlement under that act, and especially those statistics which relate to tho opera tion of tho 42nd clause. This, of course, refers to tho period of tho year prior to tho recent extension of tho scope of that clause. Tho returns are not completed as yet, except in a fow districts "W"o havo received from tho Lands Offico some of the fruits of these official investigations, as set forth in tho bailiffs' _ returns, and taking ono district— an ordinary ono, rather below than above tho average — what do wo find P Tho district of Mere dith and Steiglitz, for example, oomprises a tract of country whero tlio best lands wore long ago, before the present land system had a beginning, alienated from the Crown by auction salo. Tho specula tive purchaser, years ago. got the pick and choice of tho soil of this district under that suicidal policy of sale by auction, which mado it impossible for tho man of small means to obtain a freehold farm. And when at length tho system of " free selection" introduced by tho 42nd clause came into operation, there was little other than refuse soil left for tho selectors to take up Yet, in this not very favourable locality for flatter ing results, what do wo find to bo tho working and tho fruits of the famous 42nd clanse? "Wo find what follows In this district of Meredith and Steiglitz 20,000 acres havo been takon up by 337 heads of families, representing n total number of souls exceeding 1000 Tho value of tho improvements mado upon those 20,000 acres amounts, in round numbers, to L2G 000 ; tho value of tho crops thereon at the present moment reaches tho sum of L13 OilO, and the value of tho stock amounts to Llo,000 Thus, in all, tho aggregate money value at tho present moment of tlio first fruits of tho progressive civilisation implanted under tho system of " free selection" upon what has hitherto been this patch of wil derness sums up to a total of L54.000 for 20,000 acres, or considerably more than at tho rate of L2 per acre. And this is, as wo havo said, railicr below than above tho average of tho various districts in which the 42nd clause is in oporation. However, takiDg it is a safo standard of measure ment by which to estimate the total money value of tho results of settlement under this clause throughout tho country, wo find that the 300,000 acres taken up by the 42nd clause men represents an amount of proporty in buildings, fencing, crops, and stock, of tho money value of upwards of LI 000,000. And this creation of wealth is tho work of tho poorest and smallest class of agricultural settlers in a period of timo little exceeding two years. Itstands altogether apart from what has been done in the course of tlio settlement which has taken place in tho agri cultural areas under tho 12th clause of the act, and is solely tho pro duct of tho 42nd clause. There is another remarkable instance, which tho returns when published in full will show in detail, of the self-acting and quickly- propagating settlement of tho country, which goes on silently hut surely when the popular enterprise is loft free to work with its own spontaneous force, and ac cording to its own choice aud judgment. The Lake Cooper district, beyond Sand hurst, was formerly looked upon as a desert. Four years Bgo there was scarcoly a soul to be found there. At the present moment there are 10,000 acres under cultivation there, with a corresponding amount of "improvements" of stock, and of crops. This is true progress in the fullest sense of the word. And every ono must admit that tho only drawback connected with it is the feeling of regret which it evokes, that this mode of settlement — crowned as it is with such advantages, public and private— was not Eot in motion ten years ago, when it was first so zealously advo cated by tho early land reformers. The moll steamer via ' Suez Is due In Holson's Bay on Thuradny next, tho 24 lh Inat., and tho branch steamer at Adelaide two days earlier. To- day, being tho anniversary of the procla mation of tho Constitution, will be observed as a holiday In tho low courts and Government offices. At tho Post-office ono delivery only will be effected by lotter-carrlcrs. At tho ordinary meeting of the City Council this afternoon a report will bo received from the Maikct Committee, recommending that the tender of Mr. Peter Cunningham for the erection of a meat uiaiket In the market reserve, EHzibelh street, for the sum of L37S3 be accepted ; also, that In addition to tbo amount previously voted- v'z, L3055—L728 be appro, priotcd to cover tha cost above tbo estimate. Tbo Health Committee recommends tbo appoint ment of a doputaiton to wait upon the Minister of Lands, and request that suitable sites for public baths may be fronted to the residents In East and West Melbourne. At a sale of Crown lands bold at Ballarat on Fitday, portions of tho Survey Reserve were eold as high as L51 a foot. Tho aversge amount ob tained was equal to L15 0C0 per ncro. It wog rumoured yesterday afternoon that Iho wing of tho 14th Regiment at present located at the Victoria Barracks had been ordered to bold themselves to rendlness for servlca In New Zealand ; but wo understand that It is not the Intention of iho Mejor-Qencrol Commanding to detach the 14th on zctlvo service unless upon some great and more presEtog emergency than hss at present aikee. Tho 18th Regiment is now stationed In New Zuland, and yot their services have not been brought Into requisition at tho front. Tho Now Zialacd Government aomo llmo since refused to retain any Im. portal troops In the colony, and the 18th Rrgtuient Is under ' orders to leave The General Government thought that they could,, without Imperial aeilstance, fight their own battles, and the mult has been that the local constabulary force lma suffered defeat and heavy loss upon almost every occa' ton upon which tboy have met the rebellions Maorles. Tho ceremony of opening a new biHge at Kelbr was performed on Saturday afternoon by the Hon. JsmjB M'Culloch, Chtst Secretary. Tfcero was a large gathering on the occasion, and teveial speeches were made. The Invited guests were afterwards hospitably entertained by Mr. W. Taylor, o( Overnewton. Major Walloee, of Ballarat, has forwarded to Mcjor-Geceral Chuto a Utter addressed to Colonel Hsultaln, Defence Minister, New Zea land, In which he has tffered his services to assist In repressing tho present disturbances In the North Island. Major Wallaco has had several applications frem Ballarat men who are anxious to serve with him. After the manner la which the militia from this colony were treated by tho New Zealand Government, we would recommend those who aro thinking of going to that colony In a military capacity to think well about it betoro they tako any decided action. The Crown Lands bailiffs, acting under the 42nd clauso of tho Land Act, aro at present en gaged fn collecting statistics demonstrative of the working of that clauso. The only returns as yet complete aro from tho Meredith and Steiglitz district, showing that In that divlson, by no meBns ono of tho beat, 20,000 acres havo been taken up by S37 heads oi families, represent ing n population of about 1000, Tho Improvements on tho above acreago amount In value to about L2C,000, tho valuo of the crops la estimated at L13.000, and thntof tho stock to L15,000, giving a total of 154,000, or rather more than L2 an acre. Considering that the district undor notice Is only a second rato one, tho above facts may bo considered highly satisfactory, A meeting of Iho residents and property- owners on tho Wellington parade was hold at tho Pnrado hotel on Siturdny night. Mr. J. D. Pinnock occupied tlio chair, and briefly ex plained that tho object of the mcoting was to protest against the proposed action of the Go vernment In tho salo of land which hod hitherto been looked upon as permanently reserved. A petition to Government, setting forth tho ob jections widely entertained egalnst selling the tend was read, and signed by those present, and a committee was appointed for the purpose of obtaining more signatures. About 2 o'clock ycstcrdoy morning a flro broko out on the premises occupied by Mr. Edwin Green, grocer, 79 Drummond street, Carlton. Tho Metbourno Fire Brigade, uuder Superintendent Ilontl, speedily reached theecene of disaster, and. were shortly afterwards followed by tbo Hotbam Brigade. The houso was con structed of wood, and n strong southerly wind blowing at tbc time the flames soon obtained a Arm bold on tho promises and very quickly communicated with tho adjoining building, occupied by John Tlornnn, which was Boon destroyed. Mr. Green and bis family wore In bed when the olsrm was given, and they just had llmo to get Into tho street when tbo wholo house was ono ludy of flatno. Mr. TIernan's family, however, had time to oscape before tho flro reached their bouse. We understand that Mr. Green's stock and furniture were Insured for L400, and Mr. Ticrnon's houso Is Insured fer L150. Saturday was the first dsy of Hilary Term, and their Honours the Judges sat Iu Banco. His Honour tbo Chief Justice read the usual state ment with reference to tho Supremo Court Library Fund. The balauco In hand on tho first dBy of Mtchelmes Term wns L227 10j. lid., and tho receipts dnce bad amounted to L231 St., making n total of 1458 15s. lid. The expendi ture since the flrat day of Michaelmas Term bod been L238 6s. 0J., and tbo Bank pass-book ex hibited a balance of L220 9j. 2d. The number of books In tbe library on tbo first day of Michaelmas Terra was 8G78, and eight since added mado up the number to 866G. The Full Court sitting In Banco have de cided tn tbe caso of Kautcror, the decoased egg- merchant, that the estate Is not liable for tbo maintenance of an Illegitimate child. It will be remembered that Kauterer aome months since died lu the Lunatic Asylum, leaving an illegi timate child, for whoso maintenance an order was made upon.tho estate far tbc poymont of 5i. per .week. Tbo police magistrate, upon tbe caso coming before blm, decided that tbo esteto was chargeable ; but Mr. Galbreebt, ono of the executors, declined to pay for a longer 'period than tbe twelve months originally ordored, the consequence being that tbe Full Court was appealed to. The rule for a prohibition to stay farther proceedings was mado abiolute without costs. No tidings have yet beon received of the led Wordsworth, who has been missing from his homoslncG Monday last. A meeting of the committee of tho Miners' Raco Club was held on Frldoy, at Ballarat, to take Into consideration the building of a stand on tbe course, to arrange a programme for the coming race meeting, and to name tho days on which tho races are to be held. Seven gentle men were oppolnted to act as stewards, with Mr. Benjamin Hepburn judge, and Mr. Martin Laughllu starter. It was agreed to erect a grand stand before the meeting, which Is ar ranged to take place on Thursday and Frldoy, the 11th and 12th of February. To-morrow Is the day of geuoral entry for both tbe Ballarat aitd CaUlematne race meet ings, and also fer acceptances in the handicaps. On Saturday Mr. Herbert J. Henty was sworn in at tho Supreme Court as Mayor of Kew. The number of prisoners confined In tbe CentrBl Gaol on Saturday last was 387, classified as follows For trial before Supreme Court, 12 moles ; beforo magistrates, 12 males, G females. Military prisoners, 27. Under sentence : Road geng,4malc8 ; hard labour, 143 males, 38 females ; Imprisonment, G8 males, 53 females; lunatics, 2 males, 1 female ; In default of ball, 14 males, G females ; debtor, 1 male. Totol, 283 males, 104 females. A fire broke out on Saturday forenoon, on board the etoamer Tararua, on tbo slip at WU- Ilamstofln. It stems that about half-post 11 o'clock some of tbe erew were between decks with a lighted lamp, ond la consequence ot a case of Ueroseno leaking a few drops of oil fell on tbe lamp, and the wood abovo caught fire. After some little troublo ft was extinguished. Tho WilllamBtown Fire Brigade end a crew from tho Victoria were promptly on tho spot ; but by tho time they arrived tho flames hod been pat out. A men named Boylan wns brought up at the City Court on Saturday, ond remanded until Tuesday, on a chargo of steeling a valise from a shop In Bourke etrcet. Tho prisoner had beon remanded from Geolong, and tho robbery was committed In 1866. It seems that tho trooper Hennogon, who on Friday last shot Sergeant Hull, at Hamilton, also attempted to shoot a constable who had llkewlso given evldenco against him ; hut the latter rushed blm and succeeded In capturing the Infuriated man. Upon being token to the lock-up, tbo murderor wee In such o ntats of frenzy that he had to be chained in order to pre vent htm from committing further violence. At a mooting of tbe Sandhurst Borough Council on Friday, a report from the town clerk was received, intlmattog that he had received the opinions of Dr. Mackey and Mr. Billing on tha question of raising the proposod loon of L11,000, end striking tho special rato of 3d. In tho LI, both of which opinions were unfavourable. Under the circumstances, Councillor M'Intyre stated that It was not the intention of tbe council to proceed further in tho matter. Mining prospects at Gymplo do not appear to ba very flourishing Just now. Tho Times of the 7tk inst., in Its summary of tbe week's opera tions, seys : — "Tho large quantity of gold — 902Goz — that left by escort last Tuesday na the yield of this goldfleld for n fortnight will be sure to attract much attention in tbe metropolis, and possibly In other colonies. It will be cheering news ' to many who have Invested heavily In quartz reefs on this goldfleld, tbe prospects of a remunerative return from which were under n cloud for some , mouths pest, owing to the dull ness prevailing In ell branches of mining. But tho steady continuance of high yields for the past three weeks has cheered everyone, and there Is a widespread reaction now taking place ae n result. Shares that a few wetks pgo wore offered tor 150 and no buyers, aro now difficult to purcbaso at double and'treblo that figure. Tho tide has turned, and we hope that henceforward our progress will be rapid and continuous, and In a manner calculated to make Gymplo a great mining centre. The amount of thTuTT53 I may seem to some as Indicative of »„ . S,cott 1 of tbo goldfleld, and therefor, as an 1 an Increase of population, but we sincere/" I that such an erroneous opinion will nnt , M another rush of miners. There Is amnio ln tlon just now both on this goldfleld and (?opu's- roundlng " tucker" ruihes, despite tl,e ' „ 'N of interested parties to the contrary n D' before thla place can support on Incren.. population the amount of crushing S,' f must bo doubled and scattered over ton reefing centres, eo as to enable all ourrel.J" properly tested, and if found peyobto to w , full- handed. At present threejnur.h) ft" quarlz claims aro being worked on hall l.J and will continue so unit! more macldn tho disposal of claimholders, or until a . system of « company mining,' similar t! In Victoria, generally prevails, which wi 11 " be tho case under tho present law for tho r„ " tlon of mining companies." tt0!- | It Is stated that fourteen 6Upernumemlr« r 1 the Lands Titles Offico havo received a nodfl i tlon that their aarvlcea arc to be dbpen-ed niiJ" If Supernumerary officers In other of the Qnv.! ffiformedfartmentS llkWl3 becn Tho return match was played on 8aturd». H tho Melbourne Bowllog-green, between 11 chosen by the treasurer end secretary iJ HS suit, after two houre play, was In favour nf »"il treasurer's aide by six points ; the totals IU to 105. There wea n large all, J t members, five rinks of eight each plryed and .i? Is? green was ln magnificent order. Next gatu' d Is tho return match, between aides cho«en J u'il Orr and Mr, Hick, will be played. 'Mk Cases of snake bite appear to bo unnm.n numerous this year. Last week aladn, jfp Gilllck, ton years of nge, retldlog at CudlSl Creek, on tbo Weslorn district, was walkl)!! through Bomo terns, and observed the head olalareini enake close to his leg, and having n stick in hiilil band, be at once killed the reptile. Immedlotdvi! after ho felt hie leg stiff end painful, and crU looking discovered that ho hod beon bitten. ThaPI boy ran to his father, who was a short distance' it off, nnd although only some fow seconds had IS elapsed since It occurred, a pnrplo spot tbc bIzb it of a shilling had formed nround tbe bito Tha' boy reached Warrnambool about two hours otter ! the accident, end was taken chargo of by Dr it Loftus, at hla own residence. The doctor tmi mediately excised n considerable portion of tbe if bitten pert, nnd after applying strong Uquoi 1 ammonia to tho wound, oncoursgcd It to bleed It freely by repeated applications ot hot waters Is The patient remained comparatively well Hi until about half-past 10, when It was hoped thafPl worst of tbe cass was over, however, wlUihB& fifteen minutes of this tlmo tho little Ullawflgj complained of dimness of vision end el teeWogHI sick ond drowsy. He soon afterwards vomlted|fl freely, and continued to do so for several botn.lH The drowsiness grndunlly Increased, nnd becsniS ao Intense as to call for tbe most energetic eflbitsH for its removal. From the outset doses of stn.flB monla were administered, together with ccci-ffl elonal draughts of brandy. To prevent tbe IriW from sleoptng, ho had to bo walked about altnoiul constantly for two hours ; with the same pur. pose strong ammonis was applied to the nostrilijffl and cold water douched over tho face. SlronKW Infusions of coffeo woro else administered nlttfl beneficial effect, and after persevering In thlgH treatment until 3 o'clock on the following moralH lng, symptoms of Improvement manlfeste|9 themselves. Tho skin grew warm end mrBM spiring, consciousness gradually returned, anugl at 5 o'clock the doctor conaldcred him so far rnra covored as to admit of bis removal home. mi A lecture on " Tho Pilgrim's Progress! illustrated with Mr. J. Molvln's dissolving views and splendid limo-ligbt, will bs given th evening In Alma streot Independent Church SBhI KUda.. ' |H An adjourned meeting of the burgesses :«P| Prabran was held at the Freemasons' hotdj! Argo street, on Friday evening last, relative |h| the site for the Alfred Memorial Hospital ; l£9 Wooldrldge was ia the chair. Mr. Scott nl ported that tbo requisition to the mayor to cilenM public meeting of tbo burgoues at- tbe toivBH hell was In course of slgnnturo, end would Kjjm reedy for presentation ln tho courso of a feiS dnys ; nnd, further, that, as directed by tbo coafiH mlttee, be had addressed a communication to Mfifl Grant, the President of tbe Board of Lend Balfl Works, requesting that gentleman to postpoalH bis decision as to the granting of the land tothiH hospital until alter tho meeting of burgesses hii|H taken place. Mr. Scott wes directed to fotwiidB a copy of that communication to tbe council forH their information. A discussion than ensued uH to tbo desirability of holding a public meeting ls| South Yarra before tbo meeting at tbe tova-H ball took place, and also appointing a depati8 tlon to wait upon Mr. Grant ; when It tfilH ultimately resolved to call a public meetlegilH tbe South Yarra Club hotel upon an early and it was likewise decided that a deputitioH should be appointed at that meeting to mltH upon Mr. Grant, and that the Hon. T. H,H Fellows, M.L.A., the member for the district, biH asked to accompany tbe deputation. H Mr. John Jordan has been re-elected cbslr-GH man of the Oaklolgh and Mulgravo Dislrlcjf! Board, on which occeston the members anunfl officers of tbe board availed themselves of lhfflp| opportunity to present blm with a very heodiomirM Inkstand, as a token of tho respect ond esteed felt for blm, nnd which be bos so well merlteuK by his uniformly courteous demeanour wbllj occupying tbo chair daring tbo post year. AtJ entertainment was provided at the Mnlgreisj Arms hotel, to which ample justice was done I. i tboso present, and tbo usual toasts drank will- all honours. H Jean Silverbery was chargo 1 at tbo Cli ;; Police Court on Saturday, wltb steeling 2014 i American colnago, belonging to It. B. M'Fii ! lend, master of the British sblp Worrloib e ! board which tbo prisoner was employed i , steward. Tbe money bed been left ln o dram j ln tbo captain's room, whero, on Siturdoy, t) I 14th Init , tbe prisoner was seen. Shortly sftei | wards he deserted from tbe ship, and on Mondl | tbe money was missed, when tho prisoner i reported as a deserter, but be was not arresd j until Friday last. Wm. B. Oat, ol tho Glo1 hotol, Swanston street, stated tbst on the 15 | Inst, ha purchased a 30dol. gold plec | American coinage, frcm tbe prisoner ' L3 IGs. Marks Woolff, pawnbroker, Swai ! tnn Btreet, bought three 5dol. geld pkoHffl from tbe prisoner on the night of tbe NmS Inst, The captain could not swear to tho IdeotlnS of the coins, but they wero.of the some deactlMH tlon as those which bad been stolen. Tbe pflfil saner Bald be bad been at tbe Hospital, havleHM got an order from Mr. Shllllnglaw. HewflBI remanded until Tuesday. H On Thursday afternoon a report was cutrjwfl In town, says tho Warrnambool Examiner, tbK|| Mrs. Robinson, residing ln Banyan street, oBM poisoned berBelf. It was said that ItobloaixKjjft whose brutal conduct towards his wife bos befl|9 the subject of police court Inquiry before noftgl bad ill-used his wife the evening before, end tlfl| she bed taken poison ln consequence. D JH found, however, en Inquiry, that tbe phial ,fi|9 contents she bad taken, bad contained oeWffl croton oil liniment labelled " poison, " end Harrington, who was called In, saw no dsow|9 attondlng tbe case. It has been ascertained that tho awledlWfeJ Count Von Attems, who, when In Sydney jSQpfl so liberal with other people's money, hes tn bis yacht, Hamlet's Ghost, to .the Three ships cleared out for London oJ day, the Norfolk, tbo British Statesmen! Clanrnnald. Tbo aggregate amount oiKja shipped was 2D,395oz ,and nearly 10,000 baiwa wool will be taken boms by these vessels. Kfl The" appearance of tbo crops around Is thus noted by tho local journal : ' standing one or two endeavours to rata tho past week tbe weather hes still Mnn»||B V character which has (lis- £» orcsent season from many of Its m and which will, wo fear, prove 1 JJsl"!i„„(rou8 ono for both graziers and id'-?! ersss Is now rapidly drying up /) , , rBvs of the aun, and the stock m (i> hitherto looked se wall In condition i1" Ltnmoro attenuated nppenranco. t o-"P".,nU0 to look very poor, although | !$<?, 0|ong the banks of the Broken 1 ""v' ! the soil Is not so dry, on average $ C i, to he realised. Even In tho upper I 'iaood steady downpsur of rain, this 1 u,»t have » Bood chonco of yielding n 1 Thowhoat still looks first-rate In f",' of the district, although on thoso "/ihaMslor Plains, where decomposed >7 b the principal constituent of tho 1 , J present a most deplorable ap- h W ' y tt,o lower half of them contains "'v'ioDfer half being qulto barren. This 1,1 t owing to tlie excessive drought, '' , a naturally dry nnd absorbing soil, Kill bs only bnlf n crop In eonse- ""ejat has made its appearance on this 'irinsfleld ; but as very little of tho land 1 , Tel been cultivated, of course, It does '".material difference so far as the dls- 'ftoacerncd. It is very fine land, but to dry fr ll1'9 eenson. Tho vines ) ,jre than 'a week been In full bloom, te the past few days they have In I- 1 been attacked by a downy blight, S?. 't1,tic3 to destroy the produce of many r' i trees. Old stocks, according to our f ' itWr'vatlon, «oem to he most preferred , pillions of this pest." pt gtB|ng Is a statement of the number relieved by tiro committee of the t| Oodles' Benevolent Society, for tho jl-.JiiJiadluB 17th November:— Individuals, S'jjjlts, 431, comprising— widows, IOC ; Bljjjjin, 07 ; deserted wives, 44 j wives .lutinds aro In prison, 0 ; wives whoso tiy.i..,. nlnent. 34 ; wives whoso husbands Uglily employed or unemployed, 18; .ples, 13 ; single women, 17 ; IlKlaW', 3. Outlay during tho fort- iKEd' ' caac'-» 1,145 93' 01 " Subscrlp- | hsBo'ffl the soma period : — Judge Puhl- ji. ; Charles Lewis, 10s ; collection I'Mjj1 Church, per Rev. II. H. P. Hand- m Is. 8d. Contrlbutlona of clolhlng, pj, or monoy, will bo thankfully re s' Mrs. Calms, Chalmers' manse ; K' iHudSlld, St. Peter's parsonage; Mrs. Vktorla street, Hothnm ; Mrs Dunne, K" i hostile street west ; or any member of ft dttte. g itil week (ssys tho Doylcsfsrd Mercury) ffi lalottilntbeCorlnella Paddock had arc- SKttllitit'P' f;om lustant death. They were Hnblrg in henvlly-tlmbered dilvo, the ground appeared perfectly solid, and would Huthttptonounccd safe by the most ex- Htelittti. hUhe usual dinner hour they re- Hfndloloickatar about 40ft. from the place Mrta/lvbilWl 'heir picks, when suddenly, Bfa/rM IbeiUg htcst warning, tho whole of iifirlinahat earth fell In bodily, smosh- , 111 prop! tod csp pieces Ilka so many laths. jHtiwfOOceainion event for a mine to cave BifM wmB premoniiory indications, and Bgll; Its limber may be heard cracking for lithe II finally gives way. The only ex- Bcooifireil of tho anomaly Is that, In the SBdluUcce, tho water from a racs overhead rallied through tho strata intervening alleeurfaco and the drive. t'.E(ry has forwarded to us the following jnbtfoeleorcloglcal observations made at tho Stan Observatory during the week ending SBa.Vorember, 1868 : — The highest reading SfBli hrimeter was registered on Sunday, tHIlih. ; and the lowest on Friday, Ft lib The highest mean temperature was on yXii, viz., 69 0deg. ; and the lowest on Sr. ill, 54 Odeg. Tho highest temps- Stii tho shndo was registered on Mon- jSioSJeg. ; and the lowest on Thursday, The highest tcmperaturo. In the sun jSlzday — viz , 132 3deg., and the lowest sWiiadny — viz , 85 0. The prevailing jStct— on Sunday, S.E. and S. ; Monday Staliy, N. and S ; Tuesday and Satur- Hw.ind S. ; Wednesday, N.E. and S.W. ; SnFddsy, 8. Weather, very fino and Bsrteo the 15th ; hot and sultry on the Hlj thoxery on the 17th, 18th, 10th, and ibehtetouspart of the 17th and 21st. Hlu Cbules Meredith, of Tasmania, bos been Hrtmlby a very gracious letter, In acknow- Hmiat ot so Ahum containing landscape Hilttii, by httseM, Illustrative of His Boysl HlpuuttwDuW Edinburgh's visits to Tas- Bmlisnd Bydney, which Mrs. Meredith for- Buitd to tbe Quia through the care of his Kcellese; CeW Ooro Browne. The Duke letter conveys " Her Majesty's Meredith for tbe very Into- Mtlhg iktkba, as well as for tho books, which Bi ill (oldedly sent for Her Majesty's accep- en. Her Majesty's has looked over the ttehs irllh ouch Interest, and, though somo- Hjilmltujrto rule, will not refuse to accept ilbii been offered In eo kind a spirit." III Melbourne Philharmonic Society glvo nd fourth eubecrlptlon concert for tho yoar IjJiHiow eveolag In St Georga's-ball, when Svlcil'ioratorloof" Samson" will be performed. gEbllls Excellency the Governor and Lady SjluiM Sutton honour the Theatre Royal with V fkieace this evening, the performances jjSlMdtt their especial patronage. 