©í>t &l;!imc¡> Jttlormng jtycraltt. TUESDAY, DECEMBER 15, 18G8. THE effect is the same on the population of the colony whether immigrants do not come, or whether the native-born prematurely die. A disease which should sweep off five hun- dred people would neutralise, so far as mere numbers are concerned, the arrival of five hundred immigrants. A penny saved is a penny gained, says an old proverb. It is surely equally true that a life saved is a life gained. Now immigration has been thought so important to the progress of the colony that large sums of money have been spent to secure it, and Parliament has even judged it wise to go into debt for the purpose of increasing the population. The preservation of life, therefore, ought in this view to have an equal money value. If it pays to get new colonists by importation, it must be at least equally worthy of public expenditure to pre- serve in life and health those who are ' born in the colony. If revenue is wisely devoted to the one object, it can hardly be unwisely devoted to the other. If debt is justifiable for the one, is not it equally justifiable for the other? We spend an average of £14 per head to bring new comers from Europe. How much per head is it worth while to spend to preserve from premature death the little new- comers whom Providence sends to our families already acclimatised, and who will grow up attached to the soil? Considerations of this kind are suggested by some facts and figures in the last report on the Vital Statistics of the colony by the REGISTRAR-GENERAL,, This very valuable compilation, though bristling with tabular statements and wearing the aspect of very dry reading, contains matter that is ifull of interest to the fathers and mothers among us, .and material for study by the philosophic politician. 'Ihe measleb last j ear more than neutral- ised oui immigiation. In the city alone, and duiing only the fiist half of the year, no fewei than 437 deaths from measles ¿can i ed : and in the suburbs, there were 603 deaths horn the same cause. It may be said, perhaps, that epidemics of this kind will alwajs occur, and that /they éauiiot be pievented. But, if the epi- demics cannot be prevented, may it not be possible to mitigate their fatal effect? Let us see if the REGISTRAR'S figures» do not give some hope in this respect. \- The bad months for measles were norn Febiuary to June, inclusive. All these months weie wet months, the number of rainy days ucmg 13, 14, 23? 12, 12, respectively. And the inosi uinj month was the most fatal month. It does not of course necessarily follow from il.it>. that the moisture in the atmosphere or ihe moist exhalations fiom the soil were the causes or the predisposing conditions of tho diseasp. But the idea is suggested. 1 i'I hen the fact is noted that Balmain, where the disease began, had only thiee deaths ; and Bdlmnin is a rocky promontory, with good nâtuial diainage, and no'fiats near the water's edge. 'Jhen the REGISTRAR notices that '\Bouike and Macquarie Wards, situated on the ridge of the city ti te, were but mildly Visited duiing the epidemic, and that here atilea-st diseases of the zymotic class have no,íesfing place" On the other hand, Denison Ward and Phillip Ward shew the wóist,ideally demonstrating that the disease was most i indent in its effects in those locali ties where the accumulation1! from the higher and other parts of the city were allowed to remain." In Phillip " Ward, howe'ei, the Renevolent Asylum ib included. " Gipps Ward, also hoidennp on the harbour, und contiguous to Denison Ward, shows the ne\t highest death-rate, and is a further proof that much of the excessive sickness in those poi tioii8 of Sydney may un question ahly be set donn to the bad drainage and the'want of à proper and efficient system. of flushing tho1 btreots, and lemoving those nuisances which in themselves are a piolific source of disease and death." Against (his theory, however, has to be set the fact that in the district of Pad-j dington there weie foity-nine deaths from measles, most of which took place ia the' Destitute Asylum at Randwick, As the site there is dry and healthy, the excessive mor-j 'talify can only be ascribed, to the crowded stale of the institution or the defective phy-! sique of many of the children. Still, after¡ allowing for exceptions, even if those exceptions cannot be fully accounted' for, there still remains a reasonable presumption that the lower parts, of the city are less healthy than the ridge, and the slopes. Ward returns do not fully give the exact statistics hy which this theoiyi can bo suppoited or impugned. For puiely sanitary purposes the districts should , be! dnided according to elevation. Indeed, by! ieclas8if)ing all the individual' statistics in this way, the requisite conclusions might be! deduced. There aie, however, other/causes; which ' determine the number of deaths,) such as the diyncss or dampness! of houses, their closeness 'or \entilation,j | the proximity or absence of cesspools, the supply ot water, and the'habits of the house-! hold. So that we cannot rest any conclusion! I with absolute ccitaintyi upon' any one set of | observations. ' ' Still there remains the general presumption! that the least healthy parts; of Sydney are the' fiais at ^he head pt the vaiious, buys, and on! thet>e sites families oi the woiking classes are closely congregated. Many letters have'lately appeared in ' our columns with respect to the ¡ bombie effluvium emanating from Lilackwattle Swamp, and the Government has been stroiipdy ¡ urged to reclaim the land without,delay. The matter is one of uigent importance, and will claim the attention , of whoe\er may be, Mimstei for Works. Uut.it is < not merely < reclamation that has to be consideiod. There comes the further consideration whether these low giounds, ,'with their rotten subsoil, will ever be healthy sites for residence. The idea has always been to pay for the cost of reclamation by the subsequent sale of the land-an idea that has already been carried out at Woolloomooloo Bay; thal is projected with regard to the land at the head of Darling Harbour, and that will probably be applied to Blackwattle Swamp. But, if low sues of this character mean a general unhealthi ness, and if this is equivalent to the disabilitj of disease and to premature death, and if the pieserviítion of life has a real money value to the community, is it not, to take a mere com- mercial view of the question, " penny wise and pound foolish," to make a little ready money out oí the sale of land that ought not to be sold at all? Would it not be better, in this view of the case, to bear the cost of the necessary reclama- tions, and to keep the land as public reserves ? WHAT is private and what is public ? ¡Where is the line of distinction to be drawn so that an honourable man may he ?'sure he does not transgress it? From the , late debates it is clear that there is no I j settled doctrine on this point, and that-there ,18 too wide an opening for abuse, and also for unfounded suspicions and accusations. It appears that some Ministers have tra ; veiled on public business at their own private expenre. They are not requiied to do this, j or a poor man could not afford to take office, ,or would be tempted to shirk this particular part of his duty. But then a fictitious ne- cessity must not be got up, ia order that private enis may be secured by the same journey, and so two birds killed by the one istone. Nor must the expenditure be allowed ito go beyond what is really necessary in the ¡public interest. But a Minister cannot give a voucher for, every bottle of soda-water he |buj8 at a roadside ihn, as he drives along on a thirsty day. The Judges have a certain allowance tor travelling, and no great diffi- culty has ever been lound in dealing with their case. There is, therefore, an established rule in the Civil service regulating this matter, and we should imagine that an allow- ance sufficient for a Judge would also be sufficient foi a Minister. The accommodation sin the country inns does not allow of much ?vniiation, so that there is no room to define the relative outlay suited to the different grades of the aristocracy of office. Where there are special and extraordinary Ministerial expenses, as there may be on many occasions, vouchers would be producible, or at any rate satisfactory written explanations could be forwaided to the AUDIIOE-UENERAII. Something, however, must always be left to the personal sense oi honour of the individual Minister, and a man of sensitive feeling will alwaj s rather construe the rule within the limit than ovei strain it. j As to the cab hire, we aro glad to see that the right piinciple is admitted. Mr. EAOAK, indeed, contends that it is " pait of oui sjstem ot government" to spend the public money in fetching up membeis to the House to vote for Ministeis. But, if so, a \ery slight extension of the principle would jusnfy cabs to bring -voters to the poll to secuie the return of a Ministerial candidate. Ministers must distinguish between the Govern- ment of the country, and their government of tie countiy. The former is a public necessity, the latter is not. Keeping themselves in office maj^be in their view of'the case equivalent to the public interest, but their view is a private view. If cabbing is required to' enable them to continue to diaw their salaries, then the cost should be discharged out of those salaries. If the salanes are not high enough, i let them' be , increased in a îegular way. But 'ii . is satisfactory to find that neither Mr. MARTIN nor Mr. BABKXS take Mr. EAGAB'S view of the Con- stitution, i Whether they weie 'patties to the cab expenditure has not yet been shown; but ,if they thoughtlessly acquiesced in it they have, on ihe matter being publicly canvassed, distinctly admitted that it was indefensible. ^But in respect to documents; they both agree to confound what is private and what is1 public. Mr. PAIXKLS, as, Colonial Secretary, and onlyj ¡;in virtue) of his holding that office, comes into possession of certain infoimation which is embodied in certain documents, and which has reference to an e\ cnt of great public interest. By what possible logic can these documents be proved to be the private property of Mr. PAEKES ? If they are his, he could »ever be compelled to produce them, except in some suit in Court. And if they are his, he is at liberty to du&troy; them. It so happens that he con- siders it his interest ? not only to preserve them, but to bung them to the light, and he has made a motion in Pdiliament to that eflect. But this is an accident, and it might have been the other way. Will any one pretend that it is open to a private individual to destroy documents obtained by official means, and containing the only evi- dence of an alleged traitorous conspiracy ? ' ? Again, to descend to documents of minor importance, what makes, a "private and quilo confidential" noto a public one? It is quito clear, norn the ? tone ' of Mri ROBERTSON'S' letter to Mr. WINDEYÍCR, . thati he did not mean it to i bo published ; but, to judge ' fiom M*. WIM>EYER'S ' re- marks,1 he Seems to' have íegnrded the privacy ,as having ceased the moment the Ministry was1 completed. He was entitled, of course, to pro-¡ duce proof that he had been offeied the Attorne\\-Generalship unconditionally, lor Mr.' KOBEKTSON had 'clearly forgotten himself in; the account he gave ol' the mattei. But Mr.' ROBERTSON submitted, at least to some ex- tent, to the correction of the hon. member, and at any rate for the puipose of that pai-i ticular explanation it would have beenj enough to quote the paragraph containing the offer oi ,a legal appointment. But fiom the tenour of his îemarks he made it look as if he wis anxious to pioduce/ the letter , in orderj that he might reply to that part of'it which implied a close friendship b'atween Mr.¡ ROBERTSON and the' late tMr. WINDEYER. But, ns this piivate and personal matter was) quite unconnected with the question-vvhotheri the offer ,0t, the Attorney-Genernlship was ¡made unconditionally or not-its introduction into tho discutsion was quite, irrelevant, -non need tbo public ever have been informed of i what thoi writer of the letter had said on that matter. t , ', , j But though this particular,letter was written i and ree'e'ivt-d as private, it still remains open to j ask whether documents of this character ought ', to be so classed. The offer of a Ministerial position is of public interest, the mode in which 1 it is 'offeied, and the! conditions annexed, and I the'peisuasnes used are also oi public interest. ' Does not public morality seem to require that the mode in which a Cabinet is hiought togethei should, if necessary, be as amenable to public criticism as the acts of the Cabinet when formed? And, if so, should Kot eteiy letter containing an offer of place be so worded i as to be open to publication without any violation of secrecy ? * If, however, Mr. WINDEYER eired at ali, he on his side had some reason to com- plain, for his private commentaries on the chaiacter of the leader to whom he has so long been a faithful lieutenant were un- sparingly published, and his 'remarks at a piivate festivity brought out , as a part of public politics. But tif those remarks had led Mr. ROBERTSON and tothers to suppose that he had broken away fiom the leadership ol Mr. PARKES and wa3 open to new alliances, it was quite ^fair on the, strength of them to make lum,,an oller, and that offer was not to be< resented 'a3 an insult merely because the ''expression's'' that had given rise to it ,wore minde im private. ' < ' ' . l Wheie are disclosures of thisj kind , to end ? Who is to feel safe in t the most, confidential intercourse if what ' is ' private cannot' be separated from what is 'public ? ! Eveiy man will have to suspect his friend, and ,to see a possible traitor in his bosom . companion. *' bafe policy, but hateful " r - ? - , His EXCELLENCY THE GovEuNoii.-Lord Belmoi-e airivcd in town by tlio 6.20 train, yesterday overling-. ; THE RAILWAY DEPAIITMENT.-A chango, which will j probably suevv itself to bo on improvement, has boon raido 'with regard to tho revision of the railway accounts. Tho 1 Traillo Auditor has been instructed, by tho presont Minister, to report directly to tho Commissioner, instead of, ns horo tofore, to ono or moro subordinates. This branch is thore ' foro placed on an independent fooling, and tho ofiicor in ichnrgo of it is mud« immediately responsible. Tho (importance of having the Auditor in direct communication ¡with the Commissioner, is indicated by tho fact, that had ¡puch nn arrangement been in forco previously, tho Eastwood depredations might havo boon provontod; or, at loast, de- fected earlier. Under the now régime, tho Trafilo Auditor las also been ordered to take stock of the stores, and to audit tho storekeeper's books periodically. j THE JDJIY LISTS.-Tho rovision of tho jury lists was conducted yesterday ns far as to tho ond.of tho names commencing with tho letter L. Tho Court adjourned until p.0 o'clock a.m. of Tuesday (this day). , THE ELECTORAL DI¡>TIUCT or WEST SYDNEY.-A rovitéd ,list hiiR been prepurod of persons quahtiod to yoto for tho elootion ot members of the Legislative ' Assembly in tho jear 1SC8-9, for tho electoral district bf West Sydney. ? The electors number 8574. j PADDIXOTON ELECTION-.-Tho polling for tho election of on alderman for the Gleumoro Warn took place on tho llth instant, tho rosult of which was officially declared by tho returning-officcr, Mr. W. Taylor, tho following day, nt tho Tovvn Hall, at 9 o'clouk a.m. Tho candidates wcro Mr. Henry Nicholson, and Mr. John Dyason, of Rush cutter's Bay. Tho formor polled 85 votes, tho latter 72. Mr. Henry Nicholson was declared duly oleotod by a majority oí 13. Î THE ELECTION ron WEST SYDNEY. - Tho palling for this electorate will commence at 8 o'clock this morning, and as usual will close at 4 p ni. The following arrangements have been niado for tho reception of ballot popora :-A B C.-Rooms at tho lato Town Hall, Wynyaid-square, right 'hand side as you enter, D E.F Q.-Rooms at tho late Town Hall, Wj'Dyaid-square, loft hand sido as you enter. II I J K. ' Rooms at No. 60, Wvnvord-square, threo tloors north of tho late Town Hall". "L M ?" O.-Tho Goorgo-stroot Police Corjit, Geoijrc- streot, PQRS.-The lower floor of tho hustings, Wynyard-squaro. T. to Z.-Tlio upper part of tho hustings, Wjnyaid-sqimrc. , Mu. WEABNE'S COMMITTEE.-The committoo appointed to Eccnro Mr. AVcarno's election met at 3 o'clock yesterday afternoon, and again in tho evening, when scrutineers vvero ^appointed, and all the necessary arrangements mado for ino nulling to-day. J lix, AVEAUNE'S COMMITTEE.-WO havo been requested | tfi »Into that Mr. T. C. Breillat's name was placod without his knowledge or consent on tho list of Mr. Woarne's com- mittee. ' , I | HïLiooiîAnts.-Mr. Boag has recently taken soirio I very good photoprrnphs of a kind now in bydnuy. "Thoy alo from the ordinary negativo,'transferíod to a material reEembiing porcelain*. Tho chief ndvantngo of this sysjom is, in the delicacy and purity of the ilosh tints. Tho por , traits aie excellent, and the modo will, no doubt.'havo many admirers. ' " " ' , ' ' t ! INQUEST IN THE GAOL.-Tho City Coroner hold an ?inquiry at the gaol yesterday respecting the death of n 'prisoner named Alfred'Eudie, aged ¿>0.' Doccasod was | undergoing a scntenco of ono month's imprisonment for vagrancy. The warrant of commitment contained a ra»mo rundum on. tho"margin, *' For medical treatment." Do crjaeed was tnken into hospital on tho day of his admission into gool. His sentence oxpircd on the 5th November last, i bût in consequence of his illness he could not bo discharged. 'Dr. -Aaron stated that deceased was Buffering from cinoor ; deccfl'sta -'stated ig'him' that! lió had been treated privately ihy medical proctitibners until his moans wero exhausted ;' th'ot ho was thoa admitted us an in pationt to tho Sydney Jiifirroniy ; was discharged from there BR incurablo ; that he was 'tntn admitted into St. Vincent's Hospital, and'dis- charged from there also as incurablo ; und that, owing to life havinp no resources, ho gavo hiuwlf up to tho polieo. Verdict: Died from tho effects of caucor in'tho broast. WESLEYAN MISSIONS.-Tho nnnunl meeting of tho, Newtown Branch of tho Australasian Wesleyan Mission- ary Society was last evening held in the Newtown Church, Mr. W: Bailey in tho chair. Tho report waa read by Mr. Pollick, from which it appears that thó society employs 115 niiMonarics, besides a largo number of catcchists and othor [ unpaid agents; has 34,000 coinmunicints, and 148,234 at- tendants on public worship. The expenditure amounted to ncáilv £10,000, and tho income to nearly £12,000. leaving i something over £-1000 to bo contributed by tho puent ' society in London. Tho »mount contributed by' this branch was £68 17s 9d., of which £44 lib. 3d. was sub- scribed ut Newtown, £7 19s. 8d.'ut Rocky Point, £7 8s. 5d. nt Botany Bay, £0 14s. 2d.'at Botany, £2 8s. 3d. at Tempe, and 14s. at Canterbury. Tho meeting; was addressed by the Rovs. Messrs. Holmes, Horsley, Hurst, Rabone, &c; , ond vins concluded about tho usual timo with tho bone diction, Ter NB Di OWNED -The City Coroner hold an inquiry josfeidny.attho Observer lavern, acDr/ro-stroot Ñortli ief peeling tho death of a man, named Jumos Rodenek "W tillecr Consbiblo Smith stated that no received informa tien on Saturday morning last, to tho effect th t* the dead body of a man vvus floating in Darling Hirbjur, neart* Moi t s "Wharf, ho proceeded (hero «nd saw the body tat n into tho Watei JPolico boat for the purpose ot berne, coi ve)ed to tho dead house, at tim Uiculur Qmy , fron the desciiption ho hld in his possosBim ot a mia who was missing fiom his homo ho rocoguibel tbo body as that ot a shipwright named Jtinei kodonck V niltci Isabella AV all ei, deee isi 1 H w idow, statod that silo ltudcd in Ci estent, bli ett Balm un, her husband w» about ¿1 jems ot age, a uuttvo ot Muutroso, Scotland tim lina time sho saw him nlivo was about half part 9 o i loe c last iuibdiiy morning, when hu left homo with tho capron intention oi gi me, to bl dnoy Putriek iloadc 1 in Dor 1 f tliu Govcruoi Boutle liotel, at th coinor of huk timi bustes tu eels, stated that eli euvod was at his hou e K t lueseluy nifeht , ho w ent thero iib mt lOocloel uulerih m llueneo ot eliinle, dectiiped h id ii bottlu ot yngorbcor only m his houte, but a mon bv whom ho was ueeoinp mm A ",i , {jluss of nie , deceased purohabed somo privini, uni ift r eating them ho laa down ou a beneh in tho bnr inri vi ntto bleep, und slept till about twenty minutes to 1¿ o ebel winn ho (wituebs) woko hilliup, deceased left hw hu iyj about a qnailei to }2, and «mel ho vi is going h ma. thi .friend who wits with him wished lum to stn all n ¿ht bat deeeiiaed refused, vi lion leaving dee eased nppoueltobj quito capublo of taking cn o ot himself, tho ¿leap limn íoheied him , deceased loft his huiibc alono uud vuiit 11 ttuj dneelionot Pvinmut Billyo Di bli ivv st ned th i ion the appearance ot the body, it hui oviientlj buna ii v it* sonio low tiny a , ho W ua ot opinion ibnt do ith hal rd^ultoa horn bulloc lUou b) drowning llajur) returnc I au opja v ci diet of found diowneu TASVLAMA -"Wo havo iccoivol files fiom Hob irt linn and Liiuni cblon to the Sib. inst tnt( but they coat mi no Uti ra ot niipoitiiuce i Cooi i.n'6 CitrEK At» IiAKr HUPE -From Hi,fmiai bei g, lv-ilalpaniuti, undei dina ot à ov um'iLr J¿ (Si/s u,, 5 A lttgxslcr) ono ot the Lutheran 'iinsilfmiiieJ I j tan nboiifeines sends us cur petK die ii lottur trom that di^taüt ?ind and pnit of South Australia llio litter pjrtmi m w hioh ho refers to tho country supposa to bo about3JJ miles iuithei north, will Co ,iead with interest it tlw ora tent lime Ile Ba)s ?-" A month h ia elapse 1 sinco 11 vuote to i ou vuthout bringing us rho )jng Vjishcd for rain, and nilah s consequently bccümo worse ov ury da) We h ive had extremel) hotweíitrhoi, and ou Ust thursday night hau a tembló huiricano irom the n irthi.yh.at sueli Ki 1 luVo no\el econ before It bogan to blow about iiiuluiaht mil lasted until i o'clock nc\\.r, morning At 2 o clock the gala folk ofl tho galv mired iron from tho v riadiU ot tho station houso hito at sheet of papai, aal ia tho morning wo found' tho iron quito c-iek i bcttttcrcd all oacr nn extensive aiei bomo of it MIS earned away o\ el VI) yardli from tho bon e It liai bien tory holton tho previous eli), and notwitlistiulln» thoviolcnco of the Storni, tho weaner v\ is not muelicoul if the thermoniolcr shotting at I ooloel am 100 decrees At fivo o clock m tho, morning wo had 9jide¡,róa lhovvoistvvns tlulit iij,inn had blown avwv tbel elands which wo pcrcuved tho night boioie Ineteod this his always been tho eise dunn,} thesi, iaat ton uionthä 1 h m made inquiries about the stato of tho unsettled country no1 th from us 1 ho uimv as report til it the Silt Ci eo» as It ÍB gentilli!) called heie, contains no tuifico witei, bat that wafer incertain distances is to ho found by sinking wells 1 ho samo is thoo iso with a buiuch of that niei called b) tho blacks K illaeoopa But veiy i tr up m the noith thcio sieiiib to bo still tin) amount ot surf ice water the natives m that country 1 (ïoi no white tuan has )0t seen it) descubo it as quito ilifioreut from tho countr) vvu aio living m lu fact, it must he letter, becauso most of thoir weipius ai o nudo of splendid w ool, and w e have none such 1» ro 1 ho bhckä hnvo shown mo luge mussel shells whieh tho) have ob tniued out of acieek called Oonoiakultjamarra by thom Ihis creek is another brauch of the bait llivei, Ibu mt tau vveslcily direction It is not a btoad creek, but very d op, and is, us fal us the natives can remember, ncvordrv lhiiv su) kangaroos aio living lhere, and very lu¡,othiok tara aro lound it lllsNei) difficult to say how tar this crock is fiom hero, hçcaust! the natives havo no ideas about niea'uieuient, hut 1 DCIIOVO from what I h ivoheard that the distunco is at least 300 miles I hav o hu ud that a party of men is going to sturt from hero for tho north, with tuo intention oi exploring tho country, as soon tu, tbo rain, whieh is requned to cnublo thom to tiavel over tho first dihlanca of about 1C0 miles, has fallen Should they lind the country as the blacks have detenbod it to us, tliw Mould pióbabl) be tho be- tioad ultimately fpr an ovorliuu mail to the lVorfhern Tomtprv when settled ?"'"ACCIDENT IKOM Bi,Aijijs,ß,-The lutnut correspondent of tho Ounàngai limes lalntos that a voty sad aecident happened to iv minor ot tho namo ot Jon, who was em ployed in IIuie,iaves and Co sebum He wa-, an tho not Qi charging ii üolo w ith gun cotton, which he w us ramuiinL, mjWilhjiicunugongstiel, and having ah atl) pat m omi chjirgo wa»bilby with thu bocond, when by somo moatu or othel thd nu hotvveon ono plug and the other caasud an c-v'ploiion Both tho untoriunate m m s arms w tro sa bevel ely cut and bruised that at hist it w is thou0ht i uputu tion w, ould ho necessar) It w ib deierimn d io rein ive tlio lDjUrdeH man to tho Gundagai llosptt il, w jore he will have a better oppbilunily ot gaining qutot and careful uttetiatineo LniEi.-Tho Deniliquin OhomeU undorstand3 that an action has been commuueed in tha bupn mo Court b) .Mr i 1 ii)loi, of tito Eoval Hotel, Deniliquin, iifcamst Mr Jones, > tho proprietor ot the Basti»al lunts, ior defamation ot character, m which tho damages uro 1 ud at £2000 If ira iaio "coirccily informed, tho cause of action is prim inly I bnfed cn a lamb ruin case V ithin threo dajs of Air J H Graves lal ing tko lamb eonceined, and befuio tho caso had como bofoio the Bench, our contoutporai) hud, under tba head of * Mole Sheep bteilmg, stated that lambs Monk- ing to Mathour i had been found in his flock, und that i n uiediately alter tho visit of tho super these had b en blaughteied off FIRE AT WELLINGTON. - On Friday the 4th instant (says the Dubbo Dispatch), the stables at Hertslet's Royal Hotel was destroyed by fire. In a few minutes after the fire broke out he whole of the buildings, which are built of wood, were enveloped in flames, and as it was impossible to save them, the persons who were the ground set to work with a will to prevent the fire from spreading to the adjacent premises. They were tolerably successful ; for the fire was extinguished almost as soon as the stables were destroyed. So rapidly did the flames extend, that some pigs, which were in the stye next the stable could not be got out, and wera burned alive. A quantity ot harness was also destroyed ; and altogether Mr. Hertslet's loss is set down at £300. EXECUTION or AN AIIOIUCIIXAL -The Bl isbane Com ¡cr of tho Sih instant reports that the aboriginal, Billy, who was convicted at the bv-t Ipswich Assizes ot committing a rapo fan a Mrs. Mary Thompson, 'of Town Mario, sutbrcd tho extremo penally of the law yesterday morning, within Bris- bane gi-ol. At one timo Billy oxpected a lopnove, in conse- quence of tho nrrívul of tho new Governor of thoolony, but when ho was warned there was no hopo of such album;, ho bectnno foi- a time very depressed and fearful, and could scarcely bo porr- unded to leave his cell. This feeling, how- ever, soon wore off, and ho got to bo appaiently resigned and prepared to meet his doom. Ho scorned, in fact, to ¿a quite pleased on Friday last whon he saw tho gallows put up, and expressed himself as being glad the timo for his death vi ns appronching, ashobolioved ho would soon seo his father and brothers in tho other World. During his last days ho WOB attended by the Rov, T. Jone* and Rov. J. ; R. Moffatt, chaplain ot the gaol, both of whom took a great interest in him, and had tho satisf.ictiqn of bolioving < that their labours wero not altogether in vain. He was singing a chant in his own lauguago on Sunday night, i and commenced again emly yesterday morning. His last request was to bo allowed to--moko a now pipo,,and ¡tis scarcely necessary to say that it was gi anted, as had boen all others of a leasonnble nature made by him. Tho oxa ejution took place very shortly after' 8 o'clock, ¡h tho exercise ground, in tho piesonco of tim Shoriff (Mr. Halloran), tho Deputy - Sheriff (Mr. Hackett), Dr. Hobbs, and about thirty spectators. Tho Sheriff entered the condemned ceil at,two minutes to S Oj'dock, and handed tho prisoner ovor to'the hançjinn who pinioned bim. Tho procession then'formed, the Rov. T. ( .Jjoncs accompanying the unfortunate man to tho foot;,of tho ' giillovv% whero ihey both Knelt down, tlio, clergyman mail- ing ' a .portion of the Chuieh of England, sen-ico for the b\irial of 1ho dead. Mr. Jpnea was with him till noarly tho 1 last'moment, leaving him ou tho drop, where they shook hands. Tbo lopu was inime'iately after plicod round Billy's neck, by the hangman, and tho cap adiustcd over his 'fnco; and, at a signal from tho Sheiill, tho bolt wai dr'nvin, and the drop fell. Tho full was twclvo foetsix inches, and dinfh must have, boon instantaneous, ne only a slight inuseutar action of tho ICJJ vvas perceptible. Tho prisoner had appeared frjm tho timo of leaving his cell, to bo less disturbed .than any of tho spec- tators. Ho walked steadily and iii inly along, and asoondoil tlio gallows in the bnino manner. Ho was,'in facr, cilin and cool throughout, but did not display any biiiw;o or reck- lessness. Time was oven a smile on his face when Iho ropa vías adjusted round his neck, as i> ho .was glad that his lifo was eo soon tortemijiiatc. After the body had hung tho usual time, Dr. Hbbbs piououucodlifo extinct It was then rut down. and(.i postmortem examination hold on it by Dr. Hobbs, nt which'it vi a» shown that life must hiu-Ojbncn tn kkntly destroyed by tho fall, tho neck being found to bo broken in'two places. , ', '. 1 BUSH FmES.-Although thora is a stringent Act in force, and FO many liavo suffered A oin bush conti igrations, according to tho Tass Courier, ,thoie uro peoplo still as culejcsB as over, having no dread of tho ponaltv nor any regard for, the piopcity ,qf others. Around Yass, bush. fires h'avo bein ia«iug during the past several days ami vie aro afraid tiny will causo a great deal of dUtross, as (ho grass had bocomo very searco. Tho bush paddock of Mr. F. Larkins, at Hung V was on iiro on Wodnosday, but through great exertions the (lamps wero o^c 'tiniruiahed beioro reiiehing tbo' ciijrivution piddork. A'"small piddoekon the hatno crcpk, belonging to Mr. Ovicn Hilly, also ignite'l on tho sumo afternoon, but fortunately 'the groiter poition of the uias3 was sivod. It ib said that these fires originated through tho cmolussnoss ot borne Hie v. ho had a fiie at a largo log on tho Yellow Cietk, and failed to put it out when resuming his journey. Iho fires havo extended to somo parts of the northern plain, and also bevond tho dividing fence of tho Douro estate at Bango Cree"k. Wo hear that tho fires havo reached to Manton's Creek, destroying the cockatoo fonces of a willow. It is said that borne of tho wheat m both piddo"ks Ins been burnt of. ' ST Jcmn's, ÜAinisGUe/nsT.-Ycsteiday ovcning the nnuiil meeting of tho Dnilinghurst Auxiliary to the jkureh'Sccicly took placo in'tlio tohodl-robm of St. John's Church, Darlinghurst; tho Metropolitan,Bishop presided! The Bishop of Adelaide was nko present., Tho atlonddnca was fur fi «n being so numerous ns might havo been ox îîccfcd. 'Iho Eight Row Ohuirmnu addressed tho ,.nooting,| and dcFCiilcd (ho bencfioial notion of'tho Ohureh Society,; C=MUII1V in tho interior; pointing nut the good that* had' tam demo (brough Iho nilniinistrntion ,ol , tho_ Church Sociefv's funds at Salt Pan Creek, O Connell Plains, nnd niniiv'other l>l<"*s- Tho report waa then read, from which ii riniiiarcd that during tbo past ytíar tho St. John s¡ <m\iliáiv bud contributed £234 2s. lid., to tho genoralt fund of'ilie Church Society ; .£375 for stipend1; and £10 for! tho infinmiry chaplain. - The Bishop of Adelaido' iben moved tho adoption of tho rdport, and nddressod tho mcofiiif ni romo length, expressing his unqualified approvals of Ihe cud und object of tho Church Socioly,' and earnestly! .ldvoratinr ils support.,,The motion was. seconded hy Air. ] Gooree King, nnd, having, hoon put from tbo chair, was carried unanimously.1 The'Ecv. John Haydon next moved ( (list the e.fücers and coumiitieo of the past_ year bo re-1 elected. îlr. G. lr. Wiso seconded, tho proposition, which wns pul n«d carried, tho nanif of 'Mr. Wibo beiug, »deled to ¡ the mt of the cpmmittco at elie mfrgestion of Ihe JUelropo-, Jitnu. Tho rev. tho- incumbent expressed his grateful , 'Hanks In the Metropolitan,and lo tho Bishop of Adolaido ; for theil kindness in having attended their parochial mooting. Î At the Migration of MivJ. T.l-'6rd.(thohemQniry.ti:casufcr and Feeiclnrv) a collection,was .then mado, when (although . sol inmc tjura,twenty-live, Jndi"s - und gentlemen .vvero .mc'tut) tlio'lnrgo sum of £11 li 1 OH-, was subscribed, m tho cotiifoof a few-hiinutcs.'.^'lià, Metropolitan expressed his ' .eroat crnfificktion nt Iho'subsMiHiul rcMilÉ of ,tlie incptlng, and tcrmimilod if* proceedings by.'givjri^his'boncdiclion to all present. ' ' ' ' , . ,;,, ¡ ;, -1 i i AccmrxTAL POISOXIXR.-Tho Adiwlitel- of "Wagga Wagga fays : A littlo girl, iho daughter of Mr. Georgo Snnmtlson, hud a narrow ewApo 'fiom- doath by poison. Her f.iilie r lind mixed collie coi rusivo sublimate for n horse, when tim little, thing got hold of it," and jn ii few moments hod swallowed enough to kill half a do/en.paople. Of cause, she was taken fearfully ill, ,and on the oauso being ascertained, hho was immediately cnrrlod over, tp Dr. By >ns, at Mi. Hose's dispensary. Tho-doctor prompll)'. applied tho pieper remedies, nnd ¿wo,uro glad .toihoav, thal tho cldld, though still very ill, is pntirqly,piit .of elnngor: SCIENCE AND REVEALED RELIGION.-In consequence of certain articles that have lately appeared in thu Mel the light of Scripture, T TrofttHir M'Coy look tho chair. "Wo oanhotfln'd rdoin tor the lecture, but give tho Professor's remarks as reported in the Argus of tho following day :- "Professor M'Coy remarked ¡lint, in presenting to Mr. Henderson Ihe^.thnuks of the mebtinp, ho might tako,uccasion to say that as a person who lind devoted his wholo life to the acquisition of scientific knowledge, gained by other people or by his own observation, he gavohis prrsuintl testimony to thei gratitude which lie considered tho vvliolo community niust'bonr;to tho pastor of that church for the labour which he must have bestowed in making himself acquainted with tho'vvholo results of the latest developments of science, so far as they could bear on tbo duties he administered in that church. As a geologist he cordially sympathised With' 'cvoiy statement ot tho lecturer. . (Applause.)" -Thero was solbing faulty, nothing that could be taken* oxcoptlon to, in the geological science that ho had put before 'them ; and every geological fact that he (Professor M'Çoy) was aware of would agree with the admirable suggestion made by the lecturer, of tho subsidence of a certain tract of land on which it would be necessary for tho Divine purposes that the deluge should take place. He considered that tho lecturer conferred an obligation on tho whole community for taking upon himself the investigation of .this subject. With referenco to tho style of remarks made by writers in ephemeral works here and at home on matters involving the greatest intellectual labour, he would say that ho- was aware of no single fact in natural science impugning any doctrine held by Christians. And, farther, numbering ninny personal friends of his own amongst tho lending men "of "science- in various do partments, ho would say that' there was ' not one of them who was not, like himself, a simple and humble believer in all that Christianity had revealed to them.' They wero alii greatly, bound to Mr. Henderson for showing them what it was they were bound to believe. In these latter days, when knowledge was becoming' widely diffused by the cheap press, it would be really lamentable if the majority of Christians should be 'led, through ignorance of tho true beariiigs of the subject, to think they were called upon to believe things, which were opposed to actual facts of science. Tho labours of their faithful pastor, -by showing them what on this subject they were actually called upon to believe, would do great service, jointly with tho demonstration he had given that none of these facts of belief were in any way con tradicted by any branches of natural science." Tho.Iev. A. M. Henderson expressed his gratiflcation that Professor'; M'Coy had been invited and had consented to take the post of chairman that evemug. Ho luid . 'thought it light, nt a time when, tho question nf tho assumed disharmony of science and religion. was before Iho public, to request Professor M'Coy to tako tho position oi tkairnian. Ho now thought, it a good thing that they lind met on that platform, and ho thanked him for tho testimony ho had given. In the Anjas of the pre- vious day there was a letter Signed," Habitans in Cedar," which contained a number of "principles of science' which he declared that in all of his scientific reading he had never heard of. He considered that it was not merely an insult to ministers of religion to ask them to answer such arguments, but it was an insult to men of science to write such nonsense under the title of science. JIibCEi.t.vKEA.-A consignment of tinco casca of coral las'been received-in Hslmit Town from tho South Soai Islands, being a present from tho nativo teachers to the Snnday-fchool children of the four Independent schools ;of HokilTown, ns a slight acknowledgment of the liberality displayed by tho schools in raising funds for tho support of iho native teachers.-Harvest has commenced about Cowra and'Canowindra. According to n correspondent of the JVÍÍJ'I CM, it will bo very light, us thero will not be moro than holt an average crop "of oither hay, oats, or wheat. Tho wheat looks well and promising about Carcoar, King's Plato!", No. 1, and Long Swamp ; but tbo hay and oats vrillbo very light. Grass and water nre failing fast, and a nuipber of tho sheep runB are beginning-to look very bare and misot able.-An aged man named John M'Derniott, better known as "Dr. John," was found dead 'in his i hut at Biown's Croek, on Thursday morning. Tho discovery of upenimens of gold-boaring quartz, equal in richness to thoso obtained or Shortland, is reported ' hy- the Taranaki Herald of tho Mth November. Tho scone of tho discovery is known as the White Cliffs, an 1 a party has gono out to prospect thom.-Two men, Armstrong, and M'Caul, who assaulted and robbed Mr. Maunsoll, tho police magistrate, of Moama, wero committed at tho D'oni Iiquiu Quniter Sessions, uud »cntenciii- Alnistrong to seven, and M'Caul to live, veins' hard labour ou tho roads. -It is slated in a Melbourne journal thut the Kov. D. Irasu, of St. John's Presbyterian Church, Ballarat, has resigned his position ns pastor of the con- gregation, with tho,,Ylovv of leaving ministerial labours entirely, to,enter upon tho duties of a scholastic life. The1 well-known raco moro Black Bess (says the Yass Courier) belonging .to Mr. .Miles Murphy, ,of Murrum - lurroh, died fiom tho etlectS;of a snake hito at Mr. Wel man's. Bai wang. This mavAvns ono of VJO host of tho celebrated Black Diamond's, and her ownor has sustained a lieavv loss through the accident, as' she was stinted to 31r. Welman'« Now Warrior eolt "Odipus.-A well attended., meeting of, thai moiiihers of tho Gundagai Turf Club win, held at Kiley'* Hotel, Sheridan-street, omTuoä day afternoon,, S(h instant, .lot- tho purpose of rinitidling races for the ensuing j ear.-Tho St. Arnaud' Mercury (Victoria) gives, currency to ii stoiy that on Messrs. 'Eaffon and Terry's Hope'ful Koot, tiio wen have refused to vvoik by night, owing to the ghost-liko sounds which are heaid proceeding from ail parts of tho claim., A noiso as of somo peroon scraping a «hovel with iron' lins bson frequently heard, and no causo for it can bo ascertained. Buring tho hearing of an appeal caso at tho Sindhurnt Gmeial Sessions it wns given in ovidcucu that a young girl, itemed Anno llantén, had 'boon living the life of ii prostitute at tho Chineso' Camp. . Eis Honor Judge Skinner said Diet if the miners of Bendigo binned down tl.c camp they might be excused; und added, that it wis horrible mid disgusting to seo thd Court crowded with Chvnnnien on the occasion, and ^ dreadful thing io rio an English gill in such n .degraded ' posilifn.-A ,cbrro spowlciit, 'writing from Blanchetown, oil H be Mulray, to ¡ho .VraiA Australian Jleghter, savs-.'^'i'h'c? Lidv Daly, from Ktl.udi, ni rived heat! "n tho" '20th November. Tiio otrniis of this fino steiimbr'íifívo been invited bv several of tho fcttlcis on the river to nuclei- on the lowe r rivoi-, and bring down their frit sheep to markst, thus 'nvoidius the rapemo and waste of di ivtng Hiern ¡300 miles 'over re gra=s Icss country. . ShO can .bring' 1Ü0O head each) trip, .This f*r<rin.bm of walrjr carringa versuH'luid joiirney for fut' Meep is worthy iho'fíriouj consideration of.ovurv grower, »ntl to pive the experiment a fair trial should havo the cordailfuiiportofñilbü the route. f . i l'\l'.OTI.Cl!SIC.DÍ61'LAY is TUP. DoMAXX.-A dispHy of «e.ncll>8 i» «id of iho fui.dfi ol' the'Enndivie-k JJoMiruto .t-bildreu'h Asylum wa's given in (ho~Domnin last evening nnd atti acted a largo number of ».pçolntois.. Tbo feto was wider tim inanageiucn't of Mr. Coopef, pyrotechnist, who gave a liberal dibplay of rntkeis, shells, serpents," tt-c., und annulier of fixcdpietuüi icedudinir peyera) descrjpíióiis of wheels, stars, and pyramids óT ^coloured fit as, 'the whole concluding witlitho.motto'^Giicl^avo the Queen,'/ v t BAUAAH.-A' bap.anr, w'ns ho^il in tho Temperan«». IlniU yi-stftfi-iy, in niel of 'tho Indcperdent City Mission chapel." ihcnlKnelanei' was not so ¡ioud us might have beon ox- ' v« ,l10 ,vfl<>nioon' ïùo '»W was tastefullv'decor'.ifed \'-,r°K^ 'Mi[ cveigreens.' Tho' articles for saio consisted ctnri.j of Christmas presents,, which were- disposed of n ,>': , Iu A'0 evening tho attendance was prdbablv JUcclid by tho attractions,in thoi Domain, but ns tho tonar will bo open «gain to-day, it is likely Ihevo will bo a ltiutu larger number of visitor»-. CHIOKKT-A ra'nfch vías played on the Donblo Bay toiound belvvctn the Ht elovens of tho New School and tho braiomw-Sehool Crickct'Clnhs; which 'resulioâ iii an Wy'' viotcrytor tho former. ..Th,- totals aro appended i-^Neiv:' ociiooi, fust innings, 59 ; n-'t.md innings, 91; total, 160. uranunar School, first innjngs, tí ;. second innings, 33; r,vü.VV'~Ak.crlck,et.mD,it']l WI»B Plllyed o». th« Baliiiain .. i « '""I f>ntllr"»y ia6t> hoi ween Bahnnin Surrov C. C. 2 -I î:nd oIevtn oítlío Sydnov Sun-cy C. C, which was oecidcd m tho first innings in favour of the Balmaiu team, »HuJliunslofrparo. 