i MAIL CONTRACTS. 1 The following tenders have been ga zetted as accepted for the carrying of mails for the year, to and from the places named, for the respective sums men tioned. The amount of the contract for this line, and the cross roads in this dis trict, we cannot state, as they are mixed ' up with a much larger lot of contracts for other lines, the whole sum amounting j to £89,025, and the successful tenderers j being Robertson, Wagner and Co, who I some time since purchased our line from . Bevan and Co.: — To and from Mel- ! bourne and Beechworth, by way of j Campbellfield, Somerton, Donnybrook, ' Beveridge, Wallan - Wallan, Kilmore, Broadford, Tallorook, Seymour, Avenel, Longwood, Euroa, Yiolettown, Benalla, AVinton, Wangaratta, and Tarrawiugee, six days a Apeek ; also tbe conveyance of a mail Irom Alelbourne to Ivilmore six days a week. To and from AVangaraita and Albury, by way of. Docker's. Plains, Springs, Chiitern, Barnawartha, and. Bel vow, six days a' week ; and to and from the Springs and Wahgunyah, by way of Ruth erglen, six days a week. To aud from "Beechwbrth and. Yackan- dandah, six days a week; and to and from Yackandandab and Albury, tliree days a week, by way of Osborne's Flat and Belvior. To and- from Beechworth and Wabgunyah, by way of Chiitern, Indigo, and Rutherglen, , six days a week. To and from Beechworth and, Growler's Creek, by way of Alurmungee, Taylor's Gap, Alyrtleford, Port Punka, and Bright-, six days a Aveek ; to and from Port Puuka and Buckland, three days a week ; and to and from Taylor's Gap and Bowman's Forest, three days a week. To and from Beechworth and the Woolshed, by way of Reid's Creek, six days a Aveek. £75. — D. Roberts. To and from Oineo and Snowy Creek, by way of the Wombat and Alerrimac, once a week. £190. P. Carmody, To and from Belvoir and Juniong, by way of Tangambalanga, Bungoonie, Alitta-mitta Crossing, Toolangatta, Bun- gil, Thologolong, Bnrrowye, Jingellac, Walwa, Tintaldra, CudgieAva, Colac- colac, and Gravel Plains, once a week. £180. Allan Alelntyre. To and from Bright and Harrietville, three days a week ; and to and from Harrietville and Grant-, byway of the Upper Dargo, once a week. £295. Thos. Phelan. To and from Benalla and Cobram, by way of Major Yabba and Ivatandra, once a week. £95. Wm. Bond. To and from Benalla anil Shepparton, once a week. £6S. Charles Adams. To and from Tarrawingee and AA7ho- ronly, tliree days a week, £75, D. AIcAlary. To and from Black Springs and Run ning Creek, three days a week, £75, II. AVin ter. To and from Tarrawingee and El Do rado, six days a week, £85, D. AIcAlary. To and from AVangaratla and Estcourt, three days a week, £40, J. Rowe. To and from Yackandaudnh and Snow\' Creek, by waj' of Sandy Creek, once a week. £115. — A. AViikinson. To and from Beechworth and Hills borough, by way of Stanley, six days a week ; and two and from -Hillsborough find Yackandandah, by way of Twist's Creek, six days a week. £130. — B. F. Ray. - 1 ' Danger to the Earth. — A corre spondent of tlie London Economist says: — "A rather astonishing theory iu' terres trial magnetism has been promulgated by Professor Loomis, of New York. It is to the eil'ect lhat the recent distur bances in various parts of the globe, such as tlie East and AArest Indies, and the meteoric showers aud explosion of boilers in every part, suggests a most uncomfortable idea to his mind that there are agencies at work which may en danger tbe earth. He thinks it quite possible that sufficient steam might be generated in the burning centre of the world to blow the whole globe to pieces. A volcanic eruption under the sea, or near it, like that of Vesuvius, now in progress, may at any time convert the earth into a huge steam boiler, by letting tbe water within the reach of the action of the central fires, which might be followed by an explosion sufficient to rend the earth into pieces careering through space as small planets or meteors. I have not seen this matter alluded to in any pews- paper, and as it opens up many points of groat interest in science for specula tion, I have taken the liberty of bringing the subject before you. I perceive there has been great disturbances lately in the tides in some quarters. On Saturday, 7th December last, at Hammersmith, on the Thames, two flows and one obb oc curred between midnight and eleven o'clock iu the forenoon. Such has never been known or recorded before, although in Alaitland's History of London, shifting tides are referred to as having taken place." High-Priced Poultry.— At the sale of Lady Holmesdale's poultry, which was held at Linton Park, Maidstone, 114 Dorking fowls realised over £400. The birds were sold singly, and the best specimens commanded extreme prices. One well-known exhibitor at the poultry shows gave twentj'-eight guineas for a single cock, and £30 for two hens. Several of the chickens of the present year produced above £10 each. The. fowls were distributed over all parts of the country, some purchasers being from Scotland. Tlie great merit of Lady Holmesdale's birds is their extreme size, oombined with beauty of plumage. Manv of the lions of this breed weigh over 101b each, and the cocks have been known to reach 151b. .. . Vhy is a modern Reformer like a flea (with our apologies to Air Disraeli) ? Because he is given to " leap Jn- the dark." 'P:. Jones com3lained of a bad smell about the post-office, and asked Brown what it could be. Brown didn't know," but suggested that it might be caused by the dead letters. - A person pretending to have seen a ghost, was asked what the apparition said to him. " How should I; know ?." he-replied, "I am not skilled iu the dead- 'languages." j 