Olje ^ijöncjii Jttomtng jßfcralO* WEDNESDAY, AUGUST 19, 1868. EVERY one will appreciate the good sense of the committee of St. Mary's in refusing to share in the plunder of " the Count." Where property can be distinctly traced to theft it should be renounced by all who profess to inculcate the principles of morality. Restitu- tion is a duty not always so clearly compre- hended by individuals and corporations as the strict interpretation of duty would demand. It would be, however, too great a charge to impose upon the conscience to require a pursuit through all the thieads of acquisition to its ultimate source, and to separate the produce of honest labour from the gains of chicanery and fraud. It is, however, a healthy thing for every combination of people to feel that there is a stain on their reputation if that which con- stitutes their convenience and comfort can be traced distinctly to the spurious liberality of a robber. As ta being imposed upon-this is a common lot. There are some people who are v ery wise in their generation, and who are never cheated because they never trust. Suspecting every one, they are never astonished by dishonesty, and their confidence is not abused because it is placed nowhere but in themselves. They rely upon deeds and strong boxes-upon CHTJBB and BRAMAH. The rogues, however, are sometimes too clever and deceive them with false signatures, and, by the variety of their mechanical 'forces, and the skill and per- severance with which they apply them, frustrate all bolts and bais. But the suffer eis have nothii g to accuse themselves of in these affairs. " Believe every man to be a rogue until you prove him to be honest, and require such proofs es shall never be completed till he is dead ! " Such is their creed. There is another section of people who are careless, and another who are generous. Some are too lazy to watch, and take their chance of life ; others are too kind to believe that all ave evil and that every- thing is deceit. They often discover that the experiment of the past is of little avail for tne future. " A thousand throats of brass inspired by iron lungs," to use a metaphor of Virgil, would be insufficient to proclaim the varieties of fraud and the failures of precautions against it. It is difficult to see whether mankind would be most corrupted or benefited by a dictionary of the forms of fraud. The highest ingenuity is employed in contriving deception. An amount of labour is often bestowed which would be sufficient to procure far more than the fruits of misdirected ingenuity. Divided into innumerable branches, there are persons who occasionally or. constantly devote them- selves to these puisuits ; and by powers of observation and invention, sharpened by watch- fulness and necessity, they acquire a nimbleness and dexterity and a sureness of action almost incredible to honest men. OUTER GOLDSMITH, in his " Vicar of Wakefield," describes an old fal mer and his daughters who weie cheated every 3 ear by one ingenious thief, who made it a point of honour to accomplish this annual feat by viuious devices. We have had in this colony many adventurers who have honouied distinguished families by adopting their names. The HOWARDS, the CAVENDISHES, the VIMITERS, and the DE YLRES have all had their íepiesentatives. In .Rome cases, .no doubt, the statement of re htionship has been ti ne; mostly it has been 11 meio pietence. There pievails throughout the colony an immense distrnst of all dignified names. Hie piofessions which people make of consanguity with the, great -and mighty aie íeceived mostly wifh invincible incre- dulity. Yet it is peifectly true 1 that scattered thioughout the colony there are families, some in veiy humble positions, not far distant in kinsmansliip fiom those who fill the highest places al home. Notwithstanding this ordinary feeling of distiust of people who pretend to lofty estate, there aie every now and then maivcllous examples of dupery, The scheme'must be laid with some skill and îequires the support of some accidents. 'Jheie are evidences of genuineness admitted without much distrust, by all men, because it is unavoidable. In the wide diffusion of a ceitain degiee of education and familiality willi the habits and conveisation of men of rank, it is not at all an improbable thing that persons s-hould make a tolerable imitation, and pass cui'ient for what they pretend to be. Theie are indeed some who profess to be very keen in discerning the pioofs of standing and character in their manners and accent; but if such persons really aie not deceived, they form a very small pioportion of the whole. The dazzle oí a splendid name, and a profusion of expense will naturally carty men ,'very far into what is called society, unless their' manners are cxtiemely gross. People who escape will laugh at those who are cheated. Such is the nature of man ; but after all, in sober truth, there is but little credit in being invulnerable, or in being so armed with habits of distrust as to^be always inaccessible. ' ' ' The progress of civilisation will naturally alter the prevailing character of those who live upon pillt'gc. In the early stages where polici- al escarce, and where men are rough and coarse in their modes ol life, the dishonest take to the roads. " Stand and deliver" is the hold and irresistible demand. When wc turn to the annual register of even the last century we find that the crime of highway lobbery was one of the most common, and that it wi&s; for many j ears pursued with great success. Parts of England seem to havo been almost as insecure ns in the time of RICHARD COUR DE LEON. But these crimes are KO longer common, and will probably be less so hereafter. The Cheva ¡Urs d'wdustiie, as they are called in France, turned out then horses and entered on a different | line-no longer with brutal force and blunder bus, or in large gangs of combined ruffianism but with the order and regularity of a com- mercial firm. Recently in England it appoais that a society existed for the specific object of cheating. Agents have been dispatched in I larious quarters, and a co-operative system earned on by means of correspondence and agencies traversing the kingdom. Thus, if money be wanting to meet a difficulty, it is sup- plied ; if goods require to be transferred from place to place, there are parties to receive and disperse them. The principal danger is that some one in the scheme may betray the rest. This is probably prevented as far as possible by the chiefs in the direction confiding as little as pos- sible in infeiior agents. Besides these schemes there are others which violate no law. Persons combining to "raise the wind," not with the direct object of fraud but to support each other's credit, have their own council chamber ; meet and discuss their own paper ; support the weak and uphold the credit of the confederation by the artifices of a bank parlour. We must expect these forms of fraud, or contrivances bordering upon it, as the result of that vast com- mercial system which includes all interests, and comprehends the transactions of all nations. THK Commissioners appointed to superintend the South Australian display at the Paris Exhi- bition made a report, which has recently been published. They do not find very much to boast of. On the contrary, " the Courts of Victoria, Queensland, and South Australia were, to use a very mild phrase, undeserving of their íespective colonies." This was the more notice- able in consequence of the contrast with Canada and New South Wales, both of which achieved a great success. Two of the great staples of South Australia are wheat and copper, and the Commissioners naturally looked to see what the world had to show in these lines. The colony only took one out of five gold medals given for wheat, but they think that their wheat was unquestionably supeiior to all others exhibited. The Spanish wheat was hard and flinty ; but, though not so good for millers' purposes, they notice that it is the kind of wheat grown in all countries having a similar climate to South Australia. This pre- ference may be the icsult of a long experience, showing that it is the best suited to droughty climates. As to copper, they were struck with the proofs afforded of the immense mineral wealth of the world, North and South America being especially rich in copper. It seemed to them that theie would be a sharp competition among producers, and that great efforts would be ne- cessary for any country to take and keep the lead. The finest specimens of copper ore came from Russia. Tfext to that was the malachite from Angola. The Canadian specimens were poor, and the West Coast of America, horn Colorado down to Chili, gave proof of the iiide-sprcad abundance of this mineral. With respect to agriculture-an industry which the small farms of South Australia are adapted to encourage - the Commissioners were struck willi the paucity of products the colonists raise as compared with what is done elsewhere. They noticed that in many hot and dry countries great importance was attached to ihe "pot's chiche," or " chick pea," «sed for feeding and _ fattening cattle, and that haiicot beans and lentils constitute most important articles of production. Sain- foin, too, they observed, was exten- sively cultivated, especially in the arid limestone regions of the South of France, where the formation is very similar to that of a large part of the colony. They recommend the im- portation of seeds of all niants found to be ex- tensively cultivated in kindred climates. With respect to farmers' implements, it struck them that those exhibited in the French depart- ment seemed peculiarly adapted to the sjstcm of small farming, and might probably be in- troduced with advantage on those Australian faims where the labour employed is mainly con- fined to the family of the occupant. With respect to 8giicultural implements generally, England maintaineda decided supiemacy. The supply of labour-saving article^ fiom America dis- appointed expectation. The sewing-machine was the piiucipal exhibit, and we may mention that even that is now being largely manufactured in Great Biitain on American account-a Making proof of the greater cheapness of manu- factures in England than in America, and of the fiiikne of pioiection to keep " domestic indus tiy " at home. The Commissioners remarked the euent to which iion telegiaphic posts weie superseding those of wood, and that eien in Swit7ciland, vtheie timber is abundant. The Bg}ptian posts were the simplest in constiuction, being simply three iion îods stuck into the giound, and meeting at the top. '! hey thought these posts moie duiable and cheaper than those used in South Austialia, wheie Replacement has pioied to be costl}'. With respect to wine, the^ colony took only a few pri/ts, in consequence of the defec I the mode of manufactuie followed. But the raw material on which the colonial vigneron operates is admitted to be of excellent quality. A Fiench wuter, lefeiring to the possible corn petit ion* fibni Australia, sajs:-"'Cultivation is nbt evcijthing with the vine; the impoit ant pait is the manufacture of the- wine itself." And he trusts to this superiority on the part of France alwajs to distance a compe- tition which depends merely on natural iesotuces. - As a step towards putting the colonists on an equal footing with French lignerons, they recommend the importation of specimens of all the most recently constructed implements used in Fiance for wine-making. The Commissioners, however, ,aie very far norn thinking that the mere impoitation of tools and implements will enable the colony to. keep pace with the competition of the present day. On the contrary, nothing seems to, dis- tress them so much as the apparent back wnidncss' of the colonists in scientific education. ' When asked for some mineralogical collection or geological explanation of their colony, tbay were ashamed, to say tliat they had nothing to show, J The Government had never bestirred itself to find any information of the kind. The jurors could scarcely believe their assertion to that effect, struck as they had been by the evidences afford.ed of great mineral1 wealth. " Every I uiopinii Court," fay tho Commissioners, " pine e-videncc of science being regarded as the ne cetsary attendant upon art, and a knowledge of nat me is now considered essential to the working of natme. . Among civilised communi- ties a scientific knowledge of the capabili- j ties of a countiy is now regarded as ifsfntitil to the development of its re »?oinces." In a not very complimentary manner (hey couple Jnpan and Australia | together, as showing a notable indifference to a scientific knowledge of their own territory. On the general question of education ns an integral element ¿f national prosperity they i-nj, "A very cursory view sufficed to teach us that gi eat fact which this Exhibition has so t-ignally brougbt to light, viz., that the pro- I gress of n nation, other things being equ.l, ' is pioportioned to' the extent to which tducalion prevails in its midst; nnd that, neither natural advantages, nor natural energy, nor even the long-continued occupation of some field of industry will preserve for a nation its superiority if the education of its population be neglected. Human ingenuity in the present agc directs and controls material power to such an extent that the education of the intellect has become an absolute necessity. One could not traverse the Exhibition without feeling that in every community the number of intelligent minds acquainted with the operations of Nature, and capable of turning them to account, has now become a matter of greater importance than any mere material advantages of position or product." The three Commissioners who have noted these matters for the benefit of the South Australians are three old colonists-Mr. G. M. WATERHOUSE, Mr. A. FORSTER, and Mr, R. R. TORRENS all of whom have been members of the Assembly, and two of whom have been Cabinet Ministers. Iii PORTANT DISCOVBHY.-Some time back there was discovered in the vicinity of Rylstone a quantity of water-worn deposits of a red colour, in granular particles, intei mixed with minute debris of quartz, schist, and ether rocks. The weight of the deposits ltd to the inference that they contained metal, but beyond making a collection of them, nothing was (lone. A sample of the collection, however, found its way to Sydney about a month or so back, and upon being placed in the hands of a chemist, that gentle- man, after applying the usual tests, declared it to be cinnabar, or bisulphurtt of mercury. Upon this being ascertained, a party of men was sent up to the spot where the alluvial deposits had been found, with in fctiuctior.B to search for the vein whence these red particles had eenie. After a time the search was suc- cessful, and the lode of the metal was found. At the present time, nothing has been done beyond opening the lode, M here it shows about fourteen inches thick, the cinnabar mixed with quartz debris, lying between bands of recently deposited and easily soluble pipeclay of a jellow colour. Ko drive has yet been put in to ascertnin the full size of the lode, The first thing to be done after really finding the lode was, of course, to tecure it to the enterprising finders, and this was done by pui chasing under the mineral clause of the Land Act the section on which the mine is situated. As the lend haB been secured to the discoverers, there is no renton frr concealing that the spot where the lode has been cpened is situated on the Cudgegong River, about half-way between Rylstone and the Cudgegong township. Assays of the ore have been made, and it has been found to give 86 per cent, of quicksilver. Considering the great impetus which has been given to quartz-crushing during the bst twelve months, and the greatly incrcaied numbir of machines now at woik in the colony, this discovery cannot be regarded lut es a most important one, us the demand for quicksilver is yearly increasing, and, with a supply at linne!, quartz-crushing proceedings will be greatly facilitated. Samples of the cinnabar and of the ver million pioduced from it by washing may be seen at ( ur office. EIUIATA.-In iho lending articlo yesterday, far " Genoral MitcniUiur" lend "General Macquarie." Tho third sen- tence of tho firs! paragraph iu tho third column should lend :-" It wns, indeed, a remarkable) fact that school com- panions, though separated in tho various walks of life one rising lo the office of a Governor nnd tho other becoming the firs! Anglican Bishop of this colony-should havo mot Vue, nnd for the first timo sinco their boyhood, and novcr neilin but, in tho same cuthcdral to sleep that sleep from which ono voico only can wake them." fcAinvv SHEEP.-We understand that two of tho ship's sheep, which were on Monday landed in their coto from tho Damascus, just in irom London, were found by tho Sheep Inspector to be scabby. Thoy were nt once takein on board by the copiuin and destroyed ; but ho will, nevertheless, bo piocecdcdngainstfor the £100 penalty which he has in (inicd, 1 his is now tho second lot «f scabby shcop which luivc arrived fiom England within tho lust eight or ton months, und it shows tho necessity for vieilnnco on tho pin t of the Sheep Inspoctor. To avoid the risk of shipping mice'ed sheep in future, wo would strongly impress upon captains nnd ngonta tbo necessity of adopting tho sugges- tion mude by tho Chief Inspector on tho occasion of tho lust iniporiotion of this disciiptics, of having all sheep, who IkU' ÍW ships' use or as cargo, cxninined by BOHÍO compe- tent l-crfMi before being put on bonni. Hy this moans not only would we bo freed irom (ho risk attending* tho bring- ing'of scabby sheep to our ports, but captains would ùc saved from tho double and annoyance of such prosecutions as the present, lu this iusliinco tlicio wcio no valuable stud sheep on bonid, bul thoie were en tho hist, which had lo bo qunraniincd for six months, and frequently dressoil at II heavy expenso to their owner; mid if, as bus beon snid, these Mud sheep wcro infected by Iho ship's »hoop, it bo < oiiics shipowners nnd capluins to bo especially careful, for llieir own snkes, that (he sheep th¿y put on board for kill- ing die clean, othenviso tho character of thoir vessels for the conveyance of live- stock must buffer. SIIOCKIKO Accmi'KT,-On Monday afternoon, nn acci-. dent of n very shocking chnniclcr bofel a stonomasou, named Joseph Scotl, at GieoiiwichJJuy, North Shore Ilo v.-iis assisting, willi olhcis, to placo a s'touo, woighing nbout (wo lons, into a bnrgo lying near tho wharf. Tho stono wns hoisted «mo dlbtnnco lioin the ground by means of u cinnc, mid wiiB being hauled over in (ho direction of tho liotit, when sumo pul lion oi the tackling gave w.iy. Tho slouo Mump buck, and struck Scott on tho legs with tro imndous foi ce. Both if lik thighs we-ie broken, and ono of Ins Ii j-s wat also biokcn below tbo lineo; und ho was also cilidwucinjiiii'd. Ilonas soon nf torn mils brought ovor lo F.iomy rnd (alton to (ho Inliiiiiniy. Up to a Into hoar lirsl ceiling, ho wins pioRicssing us favourably ns could bo <>.] eeted under 1 lie circumstances. lioiioioii ol' "WOOLLAIIUA.-The election of nu auditor, in lim of Mr. Fiedeiick Cuni1, lcsigntd, took place, yester r-ny, nt noon, nt the Council Chambers. Mr. William It. , Li'l'sn was nominated hy Mr. iädivnid Haines and Mr. J. B. TiTcio. This behn* tho i only nomination, iho relmning-eilii-er, Mr. M. Consett Stephen, eleclnred Mr. Li'gun to be duly elected, . . liiri.E WATCH.-A rille match between fourteen men of Ko. 1 Company, S. 13. V. It., nnd tho samo number of "Nu. fi Coinpnny, took plnco tit tho Volunteer Jlillo llnngo on lnst Sntuidáy nfle-moon. Tho distances wero 200, SOO, nnd COO jijids, tho shots nt ench range, with linfield rides, in II j the position; AVimbkduu targets und scoring. Tho wcalhcr wns lino nnd (ho shooting pretty good. Tho icpiesciilndves of Ko. 1 wcro tbo victors by 30 points. The best individual shooting was by Mr. Slndo, ot No. I 'Cfmpnuy, wllo made tho cxiiiioiiliiini-iiy good bcore of 49 roints. 'Lieutenant Phillips, of No. 6, was second willi 42, rnd Mr, Geo Ihiidr with 39.. The scorcs-aro appondod : . i' ; >o,,l COHI'AM*. 200\. 500. G00. rihatcSlnilr.' 15 10 1 l8 - 49 llilrden .. . '12 - - 17 !) - 38 CK Smith ."12 14 11 - 37 .CdjioriilllitiwnloM. 10 , It 10 - 37 .iMmtc W. l'iccii.iiii. 14 14 8 - 30 ltoMirr ...' . H 14 8 - 30 'i WII'IIHICSR- .'..., .'., 12-- 10 10 - 32 ' Corpoinl ( noptr . 11 , li 8 - 31 l'i hu te A, I'm mau. 12 IS 0 - SI r.i E-Vil HUM;. H s 7 - 20 I.nulèi 1.1.1 WPIIF ... ..,.' 13 10 0 - 20 Bfipinm close ... . ... li Iii -3 - 29 lM>i»tcrim.li . li II 8 - 28 ficigeiuil Ai.oii ... ' ," "9 '« 4 - 22 : , NO."5ICOM1'AKY, ! lieutenant Phillips ... > ", 15 , 13 . 14 - 12 nivale Gee.,.; . .'.... ... 15 ' l-l 10 - 80 PcrKcont Jolmbtnn ... ' '," 10 11 17 - 38 Captain Hichnrds , ... '... ,14 H ¡i - 33 Píllalo Cain. 17 12 4 - 33 Coil omi Fotlctt . 15 1 10 - 32 Brrwetcr . 14' 8 8 - 30 Private Giiflltfcs < . 0 -15 0 - 30 bfrecunt D'Aiietlu. IB .7 7 - 20 rrlvatel.jr.ch . 10 14 8 - 29 T. Bushell» . 13 S 11 - 2? Kelly .. 13 S 2 - 23 M'Annllj-. 11 .11 0 - 22 J, Buthelle . IO B 3 - 21 423 i Ix1íCTV,«B~A ^'"í0*?" jostcrdny oicning delivered ) Mi Oilirifon, in the Tompoi anco Uni), 0i «WM good iittcndnnco Dr Beg occupied tho chair. ' focinii-A lectura in connection with this society was delivered jcsttidny evening, m tlio Concrogalional soliooU íctmrClDicludMiicl.Ur T li Holm in thochau Thl líCluici vine Mr J J Chirit, and the subject of his di». f'T'',','1!1.0 Mjmnois n]1(1 Customs of the Now Zea landois ' Mr Clink, in n fow preliminary remarks, elated tlial lio lind spent mnny j cara in Now /cahnd, and hid ««Ichcd tho peculiarities oí tho Maoris with a Lood doil of »itères) Mniiv pooplo behoved that tho difficulties in Now /.inland wera over, but ho was of n diireront opinion 1"" j i cunee of n largo Britinh force had kept tho Maoris «mot Lut na this forco vins withdrawn ho bolioved that many of tho tnbCB, who onteitii)nod a doadly oninitv to tho ltriuah would again becomo troublesome, nnd again necessitate the pi cuneo of n largo armed forco llio Icoturor then ircccedcd to spink of tho mannora and customs of thoMnoncg, thin pahs, drong, canoes, modo of warfaro fensts, ther practico of tntooing their bodice, &.c also of tlio geographical features of tho countr>, volcanoes, and oarlliquikos The discourso w its an interesting ono and was listened to viKli much attonlion f ho ptocodmira ter- minated w ilh « voto of thanks to tho tecluror NOKTHEKN AoiticubTUKAL Snow -A mooting of the coninuttco of tho Northern Agricultural Assocuhon. was luid on tho 16th instant, at Singloton, nt which various mutters in conncclion with tho forthcoming show wore difcuFEcd, and arrangements jnado for tho reception of exhibits, cn edon of booths, &c; Among other Inters road wero tho following -Copy of a letter to Mr J Joubert, secretary of tho Agricultural Society of Now South Wales Çldnii, thanking tho council of tho association for offer- ing tho uso of tho rooms for resolving and storing OThibiti for the show, nnd giving cortnin directions to Mr Joubort impeding forwarding exhibits Trom Mr J Joubort, enclosing copy of advertisement« inserted in tho Sudley Mottling Herald by him, stating that entráñeos for exhibit* for the Singleton Shove would bo recoivod by hi» nt tho offico of tho Agricultural Sooioty, 227, Goorgc stn-ot Sidney, up to Ihuisday, tho 20th instant, and that all (xhibilH would bo forwarded hy him to Singleton From Mr Willinm Keene, Nowcnstlo (addressed to Mr John ] othbndgo), suggesting that there bo a mineral Ublo, and Mating that ho would como to Singleton tho d ly boforo tho show to arriingo tho minerals if it was decided by the committee to exhibit minerals Mr Keene also mads some suggestions respecting tho tastiuf; of wines by the judgtB THE TIDAL DISTURBANCE —The Newcastle Chronicle of yesterday, says—"A resident of one of the Islands writes:— 'On Saturday morning last, twenty-six minutes past six (or thereabouts) was the period of full tide, not withslanding which, for sovcral hours subsequent, a number of rapid flows and ebbs followed, during which, five miles up the river, a very high wave broke in the main channel, a perfect calm prevailing at the time. Seamen occasionally see these vagaries of the tide, but the have an odd appearance to landsmen, suggesting the idea of some volcanic action at a distance, such as are recorded to have affected even lakes at many hundred miles from the localities where earthquakes have occurred. ' Con- stable Davey, of the water police, states that he was on Scott's Point when the greatest rush of water occurred, about 11 o'clock. He describes the water as coming in very suddenly, and with a great rush, to a height of between four and five feet, in about as many minutes. No outward commotion was visible, and it was particularly noticed that the sea outside Nobbys was smoother than it had been for several days previous. In about five minutes the water subsided, but not so quickly as it rose. It continued ebbing and flowing for the space of fully an hour. The sky was overcast at the time, and the wind, what little there was, came from the S.E. The vessels in the harbour were observed swinging backwards and forwards to the tide up to 2 o'clock p.m. on the same day. " KILLED BY A FALL FROM A HORSE -On Tuesday morning, 11th instant (says the Armidale Telegraph), Mr P Hynes, blacksmith, of Walcha, left his son in law farm, on the Great Northern Road, near Armidale, to return home His horse arriving without him causod a search to be instituted, and Mr Hynes was found lying dead near the Black Knob, about five miles from Uralla, on or near the road from that town to Walcha It is believed that he Was killed by a fall from his horse DEODOUISVNO KEKOSEM» OIL -Mr Harrison, of Cat conr, has submitted for our inspection (sajs the Carcoar Ila aid of Salurdav ) a bottlo of Hartley kcrosono oil,which he chums to havo deodorised bj a chemical process knows onlj to hiniEclf Wo aro glad to bo able to state that the snmplo submitted is freo from that unplcisant smell usually emitted by tho Hnrtlcvkcroseno vi hon in a stat« of ignition, neither is the photic power of tho oil diminished, oaths centrai j, it bums more freely-tho flame being whiter aid clearer flinn in the undeodonscd state Foe MI DP AH -An old lunn, named Jonas Wade, in des- titute circunislnncoB, was found dend on Saturdaj owning, in a hut at tho back of tho mill, West Carcoar A mag« terml inquiry (snvs tbo Cat nar Jin aid) was held boforo Mr North, JP, on Monday, when it appeared deceased wai S8>c ni s of ago, and had for somo timo past suffered from diFi nFO of the heart Being unnblo to do hard work, ho hld ric en ti) been employed to look after a small flock of sheep nt Blamey Sinco leaving Blaynoy, ho had been staying at the hut mentioned above, and bad been depending upon the enanty of tho townspeople for a livelihood Dr Spsrk eave it as his opinion that death was caused by disease of the heart Deceased, who had no friends ia tho colony, I was interred on Monday in tho Church of England bunal (.lound ' FltOlOBED CATHKWlATj Cm/KCIt IN AitKinAtR -The ndji urned rrceting of tho committee in connection with the proposed Cathedral Church at Arnudnlo (says tho Ezprai) was held on Thursday afternoon, 13th instant, whoa t practical commencement was mado towards obtaining the niccsfary funds Mr Thomas having been called to the chair, tho meeting was opened with prayer by tho Kov Mr Hungerford After somo preliminary business was gone through, n circular was adopted for transmission through i ut the dioccso, and whercvir funds can bo obtained Oi > subscription list being opened, abeut £300 wore subsenbed in tho room by tho few members of committee present Among tho subscriptions was that of Mr Thomas for £100, with the handsomo offer of increasing it to £250 if boron other gentlemen would givo each a similar sum Wo msy add that it wa« ngrecd that all subscriptions under £10 mifcht bo paid in one-half cash, and the other holf m twehro months, vvhilo larger amounts could bo paid in one fourth cash, and and the remainder by promissosy notes for one, tu o, and threo j cars J ho now church is to bo budt partly at tho back and partly to Iho west of the oxisting building, which will continue to be used as tho church till tho new ono is completed or well forward THE MOCK COUNT.-The Erisoane Courier of Thursday lifst contains the following paragraph :-" It is pretty well knoit n that tho illustrious stranger who lately honoured our po'rtity nilli his presence, under tho style, title, nnddignily of theCountvonAttciiis,is tho individual who, inourSydnoy telegram on Tuesday, was Faid to have obtained large ad- vances in that city, ou fictitious papers. Wo aro surry fo say thnt ho managed, dilling his short Blay hore, to walk into tho good graces of somo of our citizens, and to make rnfhcr heavy draffs on their bankers. His countsbip,'it v ill be lemenibcred, left Brisbane in thnt renowned craft tbo Hamlet's Ghost, the history of which vessel ought tobe vuilten somo day ; and ho haB last been hoard of at Cleve- land Buy. A wnirnnt is out for his apprehension, and tiooicrs lmvo been dispatched overland from Port Denison tOFeemohimif possiblo boforo ho mako3 a descent oa our ft ¡ends in Batavia. Wo failed to notico tho Count as bo deceived when ho was in Brisbane, hut should ho visit us «gain, especially willi tho order ivh¡eh tho ShcrilTof Queens land dishes lo'ronfer on him on his breast, and Mr. Sei' IIIOM'B dceointions athis wrist, we shall endeavour to mako min nds for our former neglect of So» Altesse." THE Sown SEA ISLANMUS IN QUEENSLAND.-Mr. Tin nins Gemini writes to | Iho Express, on tho Utb iiislont :-" On Tuesday, 'lill Augusf, 1808, crossing over South Bl ¡ebano foi tv, when I observed several South Sea Islanders, loitering about Iho fciry. I thought I know one of fhtiii, and this induced mo to ndvancoand ask him did he know nn islander I named, from ono of tho islands I n'fo named. Though I did not pionounco tho man's name veiv well, ho quickly said, . that's my brother ! ' a second asi.! d ' is my brolhoi Sam there too ? ' I told him ho mis. A f hil d islander named another I know. They expressed nn HUMOUS dcsiio lo communient« by letfor (for thoy could lend and vvritol willi their now found rotations in this sfiango hind. 'I, equally anxious to Bervo thoso fino noble ' iu< ii, furnished thoni'with, tho moans of irrititu;, anJ they did write iu tho depot, and, loft thoir letters with tho ferry- man for mo to forwftid to their relution«, whom I know lo bo gocd men, employed on Captain Hopo's sugir plantation at Cleveland. When I got tho letters 1 found tho nddiosscs so imperfect that I wrote prow ones, and got Hiern envelopes and paper so til« they could diiect them again from my copy, to go through tho manager of that well-conducted plantation of Oaplain ' Hopo's. Would to God nil snob, establishments wera con- ducted upon (ho sniuo principles as far as regards the . islimdcis! No slavery there, I do nssuro you. Hut, DU, my astonishment was gi cal to leam that tho employor ot t hese men in question in the depot, had failed. 1 ney Mt nuiccd to s-civo tinco yeius, and had scrvod, duly and tra» half of tho time. Tho employer having failed, of cour« hi to islandns were ut perfect liberty by tho niv, W could demand a passago home. A woman in tho dopot sara tomo "but (hey do not know this." 'Tino, thoymlgM net beforo they Iicnid her say so, and I offered to tuko thein IIB i elieved from theif former engagement. I was asked it ' I was prepaid! to give £0 per hoad for them, if H0'1,0""^) not have them, ns thov wero detained in (ho dop tit. uni» senicbodv came forward and paid that sum for them, tnw bcinir'thèîr valuó." Now, ¡>ir, if this bo not shivery, IM not know what is, and I thus call public attention to UM tato af things, and plead for tlieso fino mon, not savoges, but Christians." ' THE LATE FATAL ' ACCIDENT TO NEWCASTLE IM nouit.-The body of tho unfortunate man Wilson W tho Uhroniele) who was accidentally drowned jn 'ho Mr hour on tho 10th instant, was found floating in the nier, hi tween Tomago and Hexham, early on Monday moram,. and conveyed hither in Jio steamer. An inquest was M» on tho body nr tho Tost Ofllco Ilotol, Blane-strcet, in Ino evening, beforo Dr. Bicrco, coroner, and tho usual jury. 1 No paiticulnrs concerning tho accident beyond tlioso ivmm havo already appeared transpired. A verdict of nccidenm drowniner was returned. _ . . _. . . ..," I PuiiLioISciiooL.-Tho Public School of Waratah WM opened on Monday, 10th instant, and on that dayl» nttendancoof children wnsverj- numerous. On l«cTV no ICBB than ono hundred and ninoty wero prosont, ana w» numbers havo not diminished since. 