E vaud ale. [rnoir our own coBEESi\m-Exr.] NINTH ANNIVERSARY OF THE CLARENDON LODRK, 1.0.0 F , M.U. (NO. 4S5I). Ths brethren of the above ludge cele brated their ninth anniversary on Wed nesday, tbe 2Sth inst., by a procession aud dinner ; tbe Hifle Baud from Liuucestou lieiuu encaged, under tbe leadership uf Mr Mclver. The members muttered strongly, their ranks being swelled with brethren from the Star and Cornwall Ledges. The procession formed at A past 2 u clock in front uf the Odd fellows' Ball, and as usual, great interest was manifested by the inhabitants on the occasion, and all turned out to see the Odd-fellows walk. After perambulating the principal streets of our picturesque towuship, headed by the baud, aud followed by a crowd of spectators, young and uld, all entered the English Church, where tbe Hev b\ 13. flQokea, of Perth, in the un avuidable absence of the Kevs A. M. Mason and 11 Kussell, delivered an elo queut and able, mid at tbe same time appropriate address, taking for bin subject that beautiful illustration of what our conduct and love tu our ue^hbour ought to be— to be found in ' X chap! Luke, 29th and following verses.' Leaving the church, they again marched as before round the township back to the O.tf. liall. THE DINNER. Dinner was laid out in Mr Fall's spacious tent, in the hotel yard, which is capable uf seating 2iO persons ; and suffice it tu say that the spread would do credit tu any company in any country or clime Shortly after the appointed time (J past 0 o'llock), about 40 sat dowu to dinner ; N G. liauuey in the chair, IJ P.G. M. DooIku vice chair After satis fying their worthy lodge surgeon, who, was present, that all were in good health and posse»»ed of good appetites,— the good things being helped down by sound select airs by the band, and the tables be ing clear ^d,— theCba,irBiang!Vve. the toasts pf the '?' Queen,' ' Prince of Wales/1 and 'Tbe Jltijal Family ;' 'Colonel Gore Browne,'' '?'Ariiiy, Navy, and' Voluh1 tei-rs.' P.P.G.M, DooIhii responded to the Utter in » few WuidH to the point ' Grand Ma--ttr lu.d Hoard of Direa tors' Brother Uucluii also responded \ff thin 'oibt. 'Tbe Officers and Brothers all qverth* world, waif in a ueat speech responded VP by Sec Smith'. '' Mrs Uuie Browne and tbe ladiea of Tasmania' was responded to in au able and humorous manner by Brother P*WWP (Cornwall Lod,ge), ' The Clare^do/i Lodge' Wi reipfl^jed to by P.O. Price in a telling manner. ' Odd-fellows' Wives and Sweeffiearts' was responded to by Brothers Dawson and Kennedy (Cornwall Iiodg«).iB glowing terms. ' The Prosperity of the Widow sod Orphan Fu'nd' was respftnded to Hjjjr P. V.Q. Palmer in an appropriate ma.uner. ' Our Visitors' was reauond.ed to, ^ !j|r W. H. Kidd in a vyry able uwuuer. 'The Comujeicial 'and AgriwUuj*! Interests uf Tasmania' waa ably. le (?ponded to by lirutber 'fuck. ' The Stewards' was responded to by PV.G Palmer in becoming terms.' 'The HvBt,' ' Chairman ' anol V4c^ Chairman'' were all duly honored. The band played appropriate sirs throughout the dinner. The rest of the evening was spent tyr several uf the brethren giving some GJj.nas and recitations And altogether the njinfh anniversary uf the Loyal Clarendon Lodge was a complete success. I( (8, tjo be regretted] however, that the penqy reading fell un the same evening, which hindered a number uf gentlenjeu from. being present at the diuuer. Tbe mistake was, that the next reading would take place on tbe 3mh— tbat would be on Friday. I don't know whose fault it was, but it was so published. POPULAR READING. The usual readiug took place on Wed nesday evening, the President (the Rev. R. Kussell) in the. chair. 'The following was the programme : — PAET I. Sonata, pianoforte, violin^ Ofld violoncello, introducing Scotoli airs/Ber,. W- A- Brooke and Messrs. Roberts. Raiding, ' The Ghost of Pit ?-?ittd,' %v. W. 4\. Brooke. Song, ' Oh, shining uilvor. nwpii,'' l^iss E. Bonlps. Duet, overture to ' Semiramide,,' $ev. W. A. Blrooko and Mrs. Cathcari. Heading, ' The Poath of Majauion,' ^r. D. M'Kinnon. Duct, ' I love the shining ywpjioqa,' ths Misses Banks. riET n. Sonata, pianoforte, violin, nod violoncello (Pleyel), Rev. W. A. $roo«e aaij Messrs. Roberts. Re*dittjf, ' The Field of Wotorlop,' Mr- ?*? M'Ejnnon. Soup, ' Oh, give me freedom aver,' Misa Dowie. Duet, overture to ' I/Italiana 'A Afe*eri-' Rev. VkT. A. Brooke and Mrs. Oathcart. Recitation, ' The Glo^o ao/J. Ute Liop^'1 Mr. Iunes. Duet, 'Peace to thy spirit,' the Missel Banks. ' God save the Queen.' 