VALEDICTORY MEETING TO THE REV. JOHN WATSFORD. A farewell meeting to the Rev. John Wats- <*> ford was held in the Pirie- street Church on Monday evening, April 6. Despite the extreme inclemency of the weather, the attendance was very large, and Mr. J. B. Hack presided. After the customary singing and prayer, The Chairman appropriately introduced the business of the evening, and in the course of ' his remarks referred to the greit work which Mr. Watsford, during his residence in the colony by the providence of God, had been in strumental in effecting, and complimented him upon the manly manner in which he had de nounced Popery. The Rev. Mr. Watsfokd then gave a brief I raume of his lecture on " Six years in South j Australia, and what I think of it." After some prefatory sentences he proceeded to point out that he was well acquainted with Sou'h Australia, having travelled from Mount Gambicr on the one hand to Port Lincoln on the other, i He did not, however, give that lecture as the | representative of the Wesleyan body, but as his personal opinions, founded upon somewhat extensive observation. He then treated upon the poor man's chances of success in South Australia, the character of the metropolis, the climate, and the morals of the people. In speaking of the press, he ob served that since the previous delivery of that lecture, he had been frequen .ly attacked, and his lecture brought again and again befo c the public, but when any respectable and intelligent portion of the press descended to personal attack and ridicn c, he had nothing more to say. (Applause.) With regard to politics and politicians, he thought religious men ought not to shrink at going into Parliament, and he held that every Christian man should record his vote. He disapproved of religious men getting into the political squabbles which were so common, but at the same time he contended that they should honestly and fairly record then: votes, and not permit a few to send in whom they chose to Parliament. (Applause.) As regarded the Churches, he regretted his re marks had occasioned bo much ill-feeling, for be could assure them what he said lie had given expression to with the greatest possible kind liness and charity. He had been in the world long enough to know that those who lived in glass booses not uncommonly were in the habit of throwing stones, bat ia the event of a j pebble being returned, they at once made a j great cry. The Church with which he was con nected was so often the subject of unfavorable criticism, that they had become quite accus tomed to it. (Applause.) He had folly, he observed, determined to make the state:ii"n?s he did respecting their Baptist friends and the Roman Catholic Church. He strongly censored those persons who would have them "with bated breath and whisperings low" speak of Popery. (Applause.) What he said at North Adelaide, when speaking of their Independent friends, was, that he respected their ministers; that whilst their o~ganization failed to reach sparsely populated dis tricts, it did well in centred of popu lations ; and that he hoped rationalism would not creep into their Church here. He was sure any of their ministers would agree with him that it bad tai?ted some of their ministers in England, and he was certain no one would find fault with him for expressing such a kind'y hops. (Applause.) In alluding to the Baptists, he recapitulated h:6 previous observations, remarking that he should ev?r stick up for the old Bible as they now pos sessed it (AppUuse.) He repndiated the assertion that the Baptist version enanated from the Christians of America generally, and asked how Wesleyans could be ex pected to encourage the circulation of a version which, amongst other enormities, rendered the verse, "In those days came John the Baptist preaching in the wildempss," into " Tn those days came John the linmerser preaching in the wilderness." The Baptist version in comparison with the authorised version was as milk and water. (Applause.) A good deal had been said about a creed standing between them as Methodists and the Bible. By a creed he un derstood settled views respecting religion, and if some people had not such views he could not help it. (A laugh nnd hear, hear.) They believed there was one God. and they never expected to find in the Bible that thrre were twenty. They believed that Christ died for all men, and they did not expect to find that he only died fo? some. (Applause.) Reference was then uin'e to his connection with the Pirie- strei-t Church, and subsequently with the Archer-street, and to the fact that during the past six years the' members of the Wesleyan Church had been augmented to the extent of 2,000. In.conclusion he requested their prayers occasionally on his behalf, and if he had done anything to grieve anybody when he should not have done so, be hoped they would forgive and forget it, and he prayed that they and he might meet at EOb light hand above. The rev. gentle man Bat down amid much applause. The Rev. J. G. Millard briefly addressed the meeting, expressing, as the representative of the ministers, their most hearty and cor 'ial thanks to the Rev. •?!?. Watsford for the service he had rendered the Wesleyan cause in this colony. He alluded to his long acquaintance with Mr. Watafoil, and his many excellent qualities. He possessed the power of winning sonls, and when he said that he gav'. utterance to the highest praise that could be spoken of a Minister. (Appl:use.) At the last district mee'ing every effort was made to retain Mr. Watsford, bu' they had been ineffectual,andhewaBnowaboutleiving. He was convinced, however, that he would be the means of accomplishing great good in the field of labor to which he was proceeding. The Rev. Henry Bath followed, and in a few excellent remarks alluded to the many great advantages which he had derived from a;: acquaintance with the Rev. Mr. Watford, who he said had been to him in reality a Christian bishop. He asserted that Mr. Wats ford's name was loved in the country, and that he would be ever held in fond remem brance by many. He eamestlv hoped that he would fill the position in Ballarat which he was about to occupy as well as he h d fulfilled the duties appertaining to the office of District Chairman. (Applaues.) Mr. JOHN Oolton, in a laudatory and suit able speech, presented the Bey. Mr. Watsford with an address and a testimonial consisting of £120, which was contained in a purse beau tifully worked inbeadsbv alady, and bearing (he rev. gentleman's initial*. He (Mr. Colton) also announced that—" The Book Committee have directed the Secretary to obtain Dr. W. Smith's 'Dictionary of the Bible,' in 3 vols., and the 'Classical Dictionary,' compiled from the six larger volumes of 'antiquities, all uniformly half-bound, and present the same to the Bey. Jno. Watsford, in each volume of which the following is to he inscribed: — * Pre sented to the Rev. John Watsford, by the Committee of the Wesleyan Book Depot, Adelaide, as a token of thsir appreciation of his valuable and disinterested services as Book Steward, since the formation of the Book Depot—G. W. Cotton. Secretary. By order and on behalf of the C'tn-iirtfls." Mr. Colton intimated that it was anticipated the books would cost from £8 to £10, but they were an exceedingly poor recognition of Mr. Watsford's very valuable services. (Applause.) The following is a copy of the address:— "To the Rev. John Watsford, Chairman of the South Australian Distric of the Wesleyan Methodist Church in Australasia. " Beverend and Dear Sir—Now that it has fallen to you, by the appointment of Conference, to leave this colony after a residence of six years, during the whole of which time you h <ye held the office of Chairman of this district, we, on behalf of the Wesleyan Methodist Church in this colony, desire to present to you a few parting words. In reviewing the past we remember how on your first arrival among us the Great Master poured forth His spirit and many souls were brought to Himself in the place where we are now assembled, as well as throughout the circuit and district; how you engaged the attention and arrested the sympathies of the young and the enquiring, and founded one of the most flourishing Young Men's Associations for mutuil improvement that has ever been raised up in this colony, and by attractive and instructive lectures, sustained the interest firstawakened; whilsttheselectures, which have cost you so much time and labor lo I repare, have been gratuitously and cheerfully given to aid the funds of any of oar societies throughout the colony, an I up to this day you have in various w.ys brought into operation the maxim so long acknowledged, that in the Methodist Church there is work for every man, and every man for his work—a truth that never failed to ensure success. Nor can we ever forget how you sought to perfect and bring to a practical result the long-entertained desire of South Aus tralian Methodists for a College second to none in the colonies, for the purpose of impar ing a sound education in connection with our own denominational views, till the first stage of the College buildiiigs has been com pleted, and the date of opening the Collegiate School fixed; mTeovet, with the same object of religions and social enlightenment, assisted by the cordial co-operation of our ministers and many of our leading members, you have suc ceeded in establishing a Book-room and a magazine, thus affording easier access to the Wesleyan lierature of the fatherland, and a medium for the interchange of thought within our own border. " But while conducting all these arduous un dertakings, and caring for the general welfare of the Church of which you bad the oversight, yon have never for a moment lo at sight of the special work of the ministry to save souls from death, so that your own naturally robust health has more than once been endangered, and the Church has had to pray you to forget for a moment the urgency of the present that you might be spared for wore in the future. As a small token of our esteem we now beg your acceptance of a testimonial gift of £120 subscribed by Mends residing in various parts of the district, whi in this way wish to show their appreciation of your valuable labors while amongst us. "We now, in tho name of our Lird and Saviour Jesus Christ, meet you probably fortre last time in this house of Go<l, when we have so often together realised His presence, and unitedly join in fervent prayers to Htm for His richest blessing upon yoneelf, Mrs. Watsford, and family, and that walking in the light of God's countenance you may continue to turn many to righteousness, and thus by a divinely appointed consequence 'shine as the stars for ever and ever 5 in that Heaven to which for the sake of onr Great Redeemer we all hope to attain and to be for ever with the Lord. On behalf of this Wes'.eyan Methodist Church in this colony. " We are, Eev. and Dear Sir, "Yours faithfully and affectionately." [Here followed the names of the Committee.] The Rev. Mr. Watsford, on rising to reply, was greeted with loud and prolonged applause. He said he really did not know how to reply to the address. He heartily thanked them for their irinJnuwi in all thin. When he came to the colony he came determined to try and save the souls of t-he people, and Ue believe* he had been constantly working to attain that end. (Ap plavi?e.) Yet he had bad to do with the forma tion of Young Men's Associations, and he was confident they had conduced to the great object he had in view. In going into the College affair, he believed it would be instrumental in giving their young men education, thereby pro perly qualifying them for the work of the ministry and of saving souls. (Applause.) He had felt deeply interested in the book depot, for he bad been anxious that suitable literature might be obtainable for their Sunday-schools and their members. He rejoiced in the fact that the depot had been a great success - (applause) —and he was persuade > the college movement would be equally so. (Hear, hear.) He was sure from past experience—for it was easily dis cernible —that God was with their Church, and if God were for them and with them who could be against them? (Applause.) He had great f.iith in this, and held that they had not only to preach the Gospel but to look for the power of the Holy Ghost, and while they did that they were certain to receive the blessing of God. It was their duty to co-operaie wi'-h Him in beseeching men that they receive not the grace of God in vain, and in doing so they would most undoubtedly receive the divine approbation and blessing. (Applause.) He again thanked them for the address which they had given h in, and the purse of money, which would prove very useful just now, for he did not leave South Australia by any means a ' rich man. In their kindness he reoogni ed the goodness of his Heavenly Father. He was going to Ballarat, and he was satisfied he would nit be there long before he woul'l be a tho roughly BalUrat man, and completely iden tified with its interests. (Applause.) He could without fear of contradiction say that dm ing bis residence in this colony he had en deavored to act honestly with eery man, and had never made any difference between bis respect for the gentleman and the poor man. (Hear, hear, and applause.) He assured them he should remember them till life closed, and his prayer was that God would bless them all and save them forever. (Continued applause.) Mr. Jas. Scott, in complimentary terms, proposed "' That the thanks of this meeting be given to the Rev. Mr. Watsford for hi? very excellent lecture." Mr. J. D. Hill seconded, and bore testimony to Mr. Watsford's great merit as a lecturer. Mr. Wm. King supported the proposition, and referred in eloquent words to the good which Mr. Watsford had done in the establishment of a Working Men's Associa tion in North Adelaide. In the course of his remarks, he took occasion to wish Mr. Wats ford success, equal to that which had attended him ia this province. (Applause.) The Rev, Mr. Watsford returned thanks, and remarked that his lecture on " Courtship and MaTiage* 1 alone had been the means of raising £3.10. On the motion of Mr. L. Roach, seconded by Mr. Rhodes the usual compliment was accorded to the Chairman, after which the pro ceedings closed with the singing of the doxology and pronouncing of the benediction. Amongst the several useful institutions which hive been inaugurated and sustained by the Her. John Watsford is the Working Men's Association, in connection with the Archer street Wesleyan Church. The object of the Association is to advance as far as possible the interests of the working m?n, more especially with reference to the reclaiming any of that class from the evls of intemperance. The R-jv. Mr. Watsford was the President of the Society, and on the occasion of his ?lepature to his new sphere of labor at Ballarat, it was felt that an opportunity should be given of the members raying farewell to their President. Accordingly a tea meeting was hurriedly arranged, and took place on Saturday evening. A large number of persons— la de 3 an 1 gentlemen—partook of tea, after which a public meeting was held. After sing ing and prayer by the Rev. Mr. Worth, Mr. Sharland was voted to the chair, and announced in a few iem irks that the object of the meeting was to bid adieu to Mr. "VVatsford, whose cease less efforts in carrying out the objects of that Association he highly eulogise 1. The Rev. Mr. Watsford delivered a short address upon the objects of the Asso ciation, and the importance of carrying it on, even al'hough be were goins away. He urged them all to ac ive individaj Christian effort, and said he should ever recur with grateful remembrance to the associations he had forme lat North Adelaide. Other ad dresses, bidding farewell to Mr. Watsford, anl bearing testimony to his zealous and Christian circrani? labors in this colony, were made by Messrs. J. A. Cayley, J. B. Hack, Baseby, Win. Scott, T. Bobio, and W. King. During the evening Mr. J. B. Hack presented Mr. Wateford with an address,- signed by 14 me'nliers of the Association on behalf of the members generally, as some tangible expression of the high esteem in which they held him. The address was ap propriately acknowledged by Mr. Watsford. Several pieces of sacred music were sung by the choir at intervals, and the proceedings closed with the customary votes of thanks—to the ladies, proposed by Mr. S. Bakewell, and seconded by Mr. Councillor Bundey; to the ; choir, proposed by the Rev. Mr. Worth, j seconded by Mr. J. A. Oayley ; and to the Chairman, on the proposition of Mr. J. B. Hack —were accorded, and after prayer by the Bey. Mr. Watsford, the proceedings dosed. Services in connection with the South Adelaide Wesleyan Sunday-school Union were ! held in Pine- street Church, on Sunday, April 5\. In the morning the Rev. J. G. Millard de livered an excellent discourse, to a moderate congregation, from the words, "Except ye be converted, and become as little children, ye shall not enter into the Kingdom of Heaven." Matt xviiL, 3. The Rev. John Watsford (Chairman of the District) conducted the worship in the evening, and preached his fare well sermon, prior to his departure for Ballarat, his new field of lal •or. Long before the time for commencing, the spacious edifice was crowded, and subsequently proved itself far inadequate to contain all who thronged to hear the rev. gentleman's final discourse. In fact, the Chapel was crammed from floor to ceiling. Mr. Watsford selected jas the basis of his re marks the text, " We then, as workers'together with him, beseech you also that you receive not the grace of God in vain." IL Corinthians vi , 1\. Upon these words an admirable discourse, characterised by great earnestness, was de livered, and in concluding, Mr. Watsford spoke as fo'lows :—Let me Bly to you thtt my earnest hope and prayer is that yoa may all be saved. I have felt it very difficult to say anything at all to-night; but Ido most earnestly pray that God may be with you, and that God's best blessing may rest upon you. I will say here to-n'ght, as I said to my own congregation, I would not think of stating that " I am free from the bloo.lof all men." I hope I am. God forgive ?me if lam not, Paul could say he was ; but I get down in the dust, and with my soul hum bled in the dust, I say —" God he merciful to me, a sinner." May yon ever live happy in the enjoyment of His love, and may we at last meet at His right hand, for His gre it mercy's sake. The S'Ttnon was listened to with the tuost pro found attention, and produced a thrilling effect. To-night a valedictory public meeting will be held as per a Ivertiseraent. The anniversary services in connection with the Archer-street Wesleyan Sunday school were held on Sunday and Monday, April 12 and 13. On the former day sermons were preached by the Revs. W. L. Binks and G. W. Patchell, and an address to the Sunday-schools delivered by the Rev. S. Knight. On the Mon day tea aud public meetings were held, both being well attended, particularly the latter, which was presided over by Mr. H. Sharland. From th: report read by the Secretary. Mr. Charles Hack, it appeared that at the Archer street school there were 216 children, with 29 teachers; and at the Prospect Village school 58 scholars, with 13 teachers. The adoption of the report was moved by Mr. J. B. Hack, seconded by Mr. Jas. Scott, and carried unani mously. The Bey. A. Rigg moved a resolution thanking t c past officers and Committee for ith ir services, and appointing a Committee and naming the officers for the ensuing year. This was seconded by Mr. Win. Bundey and carrier!. Tne Revs. J. G. Millard and S. Knight in excellent addresses, spoke in eulogy of the ministers recently appointed to that Circuit (the Revs. Messrs. Binks and Patchell), who were also speakers, and in the course of their remarks expressed an earnest hope that their efforts in their new field of labor might not be unattended with success. The ordinary votes of thanks concluded the proceedings. The amount realised by the whole of the services was about £30. The anniversary services in connection with the North AlelaiJe Congregational Church were commenced on Sunday, April 5, when two sermons were preached by the Rev. Chaa. Manthorpe, of Glenelg. The discourses were very able and earnest, particularly that de livered in the evening, when Mr. Manthorpe entered into an eloquent and convincing vindi cation of the truth of the Bible. The collec tions together amounted to £21. On Tuesday evening, April 7, the annual tea and public meetings were held. There was a fair attend ance at tea, but it was doubtless interfered with by tile inclemency of the weather. After the tea tables were removed a public meeting was held in the schoolroom, presided over by Mr. A, Hay. There was a much larger attend ance at the public meeting. After singing a hymn, and the offering of a prayer by the Be--. W. Harcus, the Chairman appropriately introduced the business of the meeting, remark ing thit considering the absence of their pastor and one or two of tne deacons, and considering also th.it the night was so wet, the attendance was large. He was sure this would be very gratifying to their pastor wh?n he should hear : of it in England, for it would show him that they were determined to uphold the services of the Church while he was away. He looked for ward to the time when Mr. Jefferis, their excel lent pastor, would return amongst them, and he spoke most encouragingly of the position and prospects of the Church. Mr. J. J\ Shawyer read the eighth annual report of the opera tions of the Church. The report reviewed the past, and respecting the year which had just dosed, it stated that death had entered into the Church and congregation. Seventeen persons had been admitted into the Church during the year, and four had been dis missed to other Churches, and two had received letters of commendaton during temporary absence. Reference was made also to the Dorcas Society, the Ladies' Association, the services at Lower North Adelaide, and the regular ministry in connection with the Church. The Young I Men's Society, although not in connection with the Church, was referred to in most hopeful terms. It was stated that union and harmony existed in the Church, and a grateful reference was made to the assistance rendered from the sister Churches during the absence of Mr. Jefferis. The Chairman apologised for and explained the absence of the Rev. Mr. Evan on account of illnom Mr. Geo. Phillips read the finanflal statement, which showed that there was a balance due to the Treasurer of £467 IK 10A. Mr. Thomas Frost gave a report of the Sunday-school. After dwelling upon the importance of the Sabbath-school, he stated that there were 310 scholars on the books—an increase of 20. The average attendance was about 220, and as many as 180 had been admitted during the year. : There were about 27 teachers, and their regu -1 rity and earnestness were deserving of all praise. There was also a children's library of 700 vols., and a teachers' library of 100 vols. Two former teachers—Mr. C. H. Richardson, 'of Auburn, and Mr. H. Williams, of Wentworth —hftdestablishedSabbath-school?attlioeeplaoes with very encouraging success. Mr. B. Brook man read a report of the Lower North Adelaide Sunday-school. He stated that there were 88 scholars on the books, and the average attend ance bad been 51. The r-iport referred to the necessity of replenishing the libnry which had been established there, and also to the Sunday evening services, which were held in the school room, and which were said to be exceedingly well attended and appreciated by the people of the neighborhood. Mr. J. Whinham moved, '• That this meeting having heard with regret that the Church is indebted to the Treasurer £467, pledges itself to pay off that amount be fore the return of the pastor—say in six months." He intimated that the Deacon, were anxious that a special effort should be made to clear off this debt, and they had accordingly pre pared promissory-notes, bymeausof which they hoped to remove the debt, which was a great incubus to the church. The Rev. Mr. Harcus stated that an independent effort was needed to clear off £400, and also that a small addition to the weekly contributions of mem bers of the Church and congregation would prevent the recurrence of a debt on the Church. He took that opportunity also to refer to Mr. Watsford's remarks, thro win? out an imputation on the orthodoxy of the body of Independents. He was sorry Mr. Watsford bad signalised bis departure by such remarks about German ra tionalism creeping in amongst them, as he be lieved their mini,ters preached the true Puritan orthodox doctrine amongst them. (Cheers.) He dwelt upon the sort of ministry which was needed am >ngst them to encourage, console and cheer the hearers in the every-day trials and duties of life, and denied that either at home or in this colony, their Ministers were departing from the truth once delivered to the saints. The motion was then put and declared to have been uuani mously carried, for although few hands were held up for it, the Chairman naively remarked that no one opposed it. A collection was then made, which, with the Funlay's collections, reaTsed £23. The Rev. F. W. Cox then ad dressed the meeting on the topic "The Church and the world, and the influence of the Church upon the world." In an interesting speech he pointed out the distinctions esi-ting between the Church and the world. The Rev. J. Gardner spoke to the subject " Earnest perse vering prayer essential to the (rue prosperity of the Church." He poiuted out that neither crowds waiting upon the ministry of an eloquent man, nor great liberality, nor unanimity of feeling alone proved the pros p rity of a Church, but circumspect conduct on tho part of Christians, and active, earnest effort on the world around them he took to be the true index of the true prosperity of a Church. He also showed how essential the employment of earnest prayer was to the attainment of such prosperity. The Rev. Mr. Manthorpe was next called upon to speak to the subject of " Christian love, or the best means to promote fellowship in church and congregation," and in a. clear and earnest speech showed what a powerful instru ment true Christian love was in removing the coldness and formality existing in their midst, and promoting good fellowship amongst their Churches and congregations. Votes of thanks were accorded by acclamation to the Chairman for presiding and to the Ladies for providing the tea, and to the ministers who had attended that evening. The singing of a hymn and the pro nouncing of fie benediction closed the meeting, which was of the most pleasant and happy cha racter. ?y — The anniversary services in connection with the Port Adelaide Wesleyan Sabbath schools were commenced on Sunday, the 19th instin f., when sermons were preached by the newly appointed minister, tile Rev. &. S. Oasely, in the morning from Ist Chronicles, 28thchapter and 9ih verse; in the evening from the Ist ttpUtleto the Corinthians. 10th chapter and 3lst verse. In the afternoon the rev. gentle in in examined the children on various Scriptural sulijects, and afterwards delivered an address replete with instruction, admonition, and re proof. The children sang several hymns in a style which evidenced the great care and atten tion bestowed on them by the superintendent and teachers, and which elicited the encomiums of those who had assembled to hear them. On Monday, the 20th instant, a tea meeting was held in the schoolroom, when* the good things provided by the lady teachers were done ample justice to by a large gathering of friends. At 7.30 p.m. the public meeting was held. Mr. T. J. Mitchell, die Superintendent, was voted to the chair, who made a few appropriate re marks, and th n tea 1 the report, from which it appears that the number on the books is 64 female and 82 male scholars, who are under the care of eight female and nine male teachers. The average attendance in the morning is— scholars, ii 4; teachers, 11; in the afternoon, 15 teachers aad 117 scholars. These numbers ex hibit a falling off as compared with the return for 1866-7, which is attributed to the establish ment of the Lefevre's Peninsula School. The cash taken at the last anniversary amounted to the sum of £35 3s. o^d; and the expenditure during the year to £37 2s, Id., leaving a balance due to Trea surer of £1 19a. O^d. The Chairman then in troduced the Rev. J. G. Millard, who, in a few well chosen remarks, proceeded to welcome the Rev. R. S. Casely to the sphere of his labors, at the same time congratulating the Port cir cuit on possessing a minister in every way so well qualified to perform the onerous duties of his responsible st ition. The speaker then ad dressed himself to the subject of Sabbath schools, their object, and th; best mode of con ducting them. Mr. J. Ottaway next addressed the meeting, remarking that he fully endorsed all that had been said by Mr. Millard on the subject of parental responsibility, and expressing his conviction that a great nuny parent* sought to elude that responsibility by sending their chi'dren to a Sabbath school. The Chairman then called I on the Rev. Mr. Henderson (Presbyterian), who, on rising, congratulated the Rev. Mr. j Casely on his arrival amoogst them, and ! welcomed him as a fellow laborer in the Lord's vineyard. He then proceeded to speak in eulogistic terms of the institution of Sabbath schools, remarking that they werj a means j placed by God in the hands of the church for the purpose of training up the young to his service, and of moulding the character of those who were to take the place of the present gene ration, and become, in their turn, the ministers, senators, and judges of the laud. The Rev. Mr. Casely followed, and was received with great applause. He thanked them for the cordial welcome they had given him, and expressed a hope that, with God's blessing, his sojourn amongst them might be profitable both to him and to them. He trusted that they would aid him with their sympathy and prayers, and so strengthen his hands for the work he had to do. The rev. speaker then, in an eloquent speech, commended the cause of Sabbath-schools to the meeting, expressing his conviction that they would, by their contributions that evening, aid the teachers to carry on the holy work in which they were engaged. Votes of thanks were then passed to the ladies, Rev. Mr. Henderson, and the Chairman, after which tbe doxoiogy was sung, the benediction pronounced, ana the meeting separated. The total amount realised by the services is £17 and some oJd shillings. On Wednesday about 300 children be longing to the Trinity Church Sunday-school were conveyed in several of Cobb tt Co.'s vans to the grounds of the Hon. John Orozier, which were kindly lent for the occasion. After receiv ing refreshments the children amused them selves in various ways till about half-past three, when a start home was effected, and the school room so >n reached. Tea having been disposed of, addresses were delivered by the teachers, and, after singing several hymns, the children separated. The anniversary services were con tinued on Thursday evening, when about 220 persons sat down to a bountiful supply of the good things of this life. The room was hung with evergreens, flags, and banners bearing suitable inscriptions. About 7 o'clock the public meet ing began, the room being crowded, even to the doors. The Rev. Dean Farrell presided, and in his opening address he alluded to the early days of their Sabbath-school and subsequent continuation. Their school was founded by the first Colonial Chaplain (Rev. J. B. Howard) six months after his arrival in the colony. In con clusion be referred to the self-denying exertions of the teachers. The report was then read, which showed the number of scholars on tile books to be 313, the average attendance 172 ; the number of teachers 31, average attendance 18\. They had a library of 240 volumes. Parti cular attention was directed to the "Chil drens' service," conducted every Sunday after noon by the Mr. J. S. Sanders. His Lordship the Bishop, in a short speech, spoke of the con nection between the Church and the Sabbath school, and education, both of a religious and secular nature. The Revs. Canon Parr, Jas. Po lict, H. Howitt, W. B. Andrews, aud 'i. Reid, gave interesting addresses on the same ' subjects. The usual votes of thanks having been passed the meeting closed by the pro nouncing of the benediction. We should not forget to meation that the choir, under the directionof Mr. T. Lyons, contributed materially to the evening's enjoyment. 