LOCAL & GENERAL INTELLIGENCE YASS COURT OF PETTY SESSIONS. Saturday. May 2. Before Mr Laidlaw. Drunk and Disorderly.— .Tames Bush was charged with having been drunk and disorderly on the previous evening. He was fined 11., which was Daid. Tuesday, May 5. Before Mr 0. O'Brien and Dr. O'Oonnor. Sureties for Good Bbiiayiour.— Thomas Outley. in custody, wns called upon to. show oauso why he should not find sureties to be of good be haviour. Mr sub-inspootor Brennan stated to thoir wor ships that the defendant had gone to the parson age, and there stated to the Rev. Mr Lillingston that he had been in New Zealand, and was com pelled to leave there, aB he had been hunted by spirits : he believed the defendant was still uudor the influence of some superstitious ideas, and that if he was not restrained he would in all proba bility do some injury to himself or ethers. The lockup-keeper said that since the defendant had been in his charge ho was repeatedly talking .about ghosts and spirits. Mr sub-inspector Brennan deposed : On the 20th ult. the Rev. Mr Lillingston brought defendant to my place: I bad a conversation with him: he in formed me he had been working in New Zealand, and that spirits hunted him out of his tent : that he had not seen or heard of them lately, and that he was getting bad in his head again: I believe that if some restraint is not put on him, some danger may be apprehended from his conduct : I ordered a constable to take him into custody: since then he has been ill. and I sent for Dr. Blake, who prescribed for him in the lockup. In answer to the bench as to whether he had any questions to put to this witness, defendant stated that he never said he had boen hunted out of his tent. He admitted that he had been in New Zealnnd and was still ill, he had not taken any drink for three months, and the last he took was some gin at a public-house about three miles away. Constable Smith deposed : On Wednesday, the 29th ult., I went to the parsonage, at Yass, and there saw the defendant in conversation with the Rev. Mr Lillingston ; I asked him where he had come from and how long he had been in this colony ; ho said he h id como from New Zealand, and had been in this colony since last Christmas ; he said he had been in one of the Sydney bos- pitnls. the one ndjoining the Mint the Sydney In firmary immediately after his arrival in the colony : that he had to leave New Zealand because spirits had haunted him ; thnt the magistrates and dootors there were endeavouring to poison him ; thnt they hnd put poison into his drink ; that one night while lying in his tent in New Zealand some of these spirits had come and opened his skull and put a ball inside, and that others were hnuDting him, and on thnt account he had to leave New Zealand : that he had gone into Yass that day to see a mngis- trLte: that there was something on his mind he could tell only to n magistrate : I believe it would be dangerous to allow him to be at large : he is still under the impression that more spirits are haunting him. In answer to the bench as to whether ho de sired to aRk any questions, he said that a good deal of what had been stated ho never said. Rev. F. A. 0. Lillingston deposed : On Wednes day last the defendant came to my house and ex pressed a desire to make a statement to me : I asked him to sit down nnd make his statement : it was so rambling and so wild that it led me to the impression that he was insane-at the time : he had a confused story of spirits that haunted and hunted him in his tent in New Zealand, nnd somebody who put poison into his tea. also about some people who put balls into his head : from what he said to me. I thought it my duty to take bim up to Mr Bren nan who then sent him down to the lockup ; yes terday I had some conversation with him, he seemed to be quite reasonable, and gave me the impression that these fancies had left him. When called upon to state anything he wished in defence, defendant made a rambling statement indicative of his state of mind. He was ordered to find sureties for his good be haviour for one month, himself in 201., nnd two sureties in 101. each, or to be imprisoned for that term. In failure' of sureties he was locked up. Profane Language. — Samuel Housen was fined 10s., or in default, forty-eight hoursjin the lockup, for having used profane language in a publio place. Lerida Creek. — Tenders have been called for the construction of a bridge at Lerida Oreek. To be delivered on or before the 12th May. Plans, Jco,, oan be inspeoted at Yass and Goulburn. 