"HAVE YOU SEEN THE GHOST!" A new Edition, to the Original Air. "De Ghost-ibus id est disputandum." Sensations now are all the rage, to make the people stare; And members to Macquarie-steet each evening repair, Where questions fly both thick and fast from legislative host— "Has Parkes produced his spectre yet?"—"Pray have you seen the Ghost?" Chorus.—All round the town,— Up country by each post— Speeds the query still— "What about the Ghost?" To profit by excitement Shrewd 'Enry did contrive Another new sensation, Just to keep the game alive. There's Robertson, the Premier, who shrewdly winks as he Hears 'Enry faintly struggle through his tale of mystery; Quoth Jack "The dodge is growing stale, no more you'll rule the roast, Like Mousquetaire in 'Ingoldsby' 'you're settled by a ghost!'" Chorus— Poor Eagar wildly tears his hair, and mutters in distress— "I knew this precious spectral yarn would get us in a mess; For, after rousing all the land, from centre to the coast Parkes now admits he's sold 'em all, and can't produce the Ghost!" Chorus— The burly Martin bullies all, from Robertson to Dan, And hints that for a Minister he is the only man; But while he strive to prove that Jack's unfitted for the post, He's met by a derisive yell of "How about the Ghost!" Chorus— McLerie write, to back up Parkes, a yarn devised with skill About a man who sloped away—perhaps with some one's till— A rebel fierce, who flat refused our gracious Queen to toast, And quietly insinuates that he must be the Ghost! Chorus— Of documents a number were purloined from public chest, Containing affidavits of conspiracies confest; Though Robertson has searched for them from pillar unto post, Parkes shrewdly winks, and hints the lot were taken by the Ghost! Chorus— The colonists now smell a rat—and find the ghost a tool Of Parkes to aid his politics—much cry and little wool.— Let's hope upon the hustings soon that each elective host Will ask the bold ex-ministers "Pray, have you seen the ghost?" Chorus— 