UNDER THE VERANDAH. I want to know who got that sixty pounds. But there is another thing I am quite as curious about. I want to know who gave it. Why should the donors of so vast a benevolence be deprived of the honor and the credit of such sublime and patriotic generosity? l am an infidel as to the theory of the Mosaic dispen- sation in this case. I don't think the people of that race dispense more than they can help without some substantial equivalent. I should be sorry to offer any decisive opinion as to the beneficial recipient of those £1 notes. It is a mere question of veracity, and as the transaction, if it occurred at all, would have been between the disputants only, it does not seem likely that any finally convincing proof will be forthcoming. But there are things which are not beyond the possibility of proof. Who provided the tempter with the thirty pieces of silver The receiver, whoever he may, be, I do not regard as in any degree worse than the patriots, who take this method of disseminating enlightened political views. Let us have a list by all means for comparison with the names on a late dinner com- mittee. I don't think Constitutionalism ought , to be hard on its underlings. They did their best according to their lights, and used the kind of logic they best understood themselves. It was poor Haydon the painte who wrote (with his own career passing sorrowfully before him), "Men must not be judged too hardly. Success or failure will either destroy or better the finest natural parts.' Now, has Moses; Alexander been destroyed or bettered? Has his career as a secret agent been marked by success or failure? Mark if he is not thrown overboard before long! He has just one strong standpoint— he knows too much to be discarded gratis. fji.lt:; I think the reporters of the Sladen banquet ? _-, did Miss Annie Bramley scant ; justice.; -They 'lit: '' Save ^e speeohesj and omitted the songs, and , ; .,-. jet-I- shouldn't much' wonder if the songs were v. .-.quite as eDJoyable^and in. as good-taste asthe V 'orations. ,1. don't,' for . instance, -believe ' ' ilbat'titiss Bramley (from the Varieties) called *'//' -anybody either an ox or an ass ; but then,; of V -course,' she; islnot' presumed to know much ?/'-'about oxen.' It has been suggested, I can't V'^ssay'iipbri what authority,' that the Bramley { I . - ;«lenient was introduced ? ia order to com : ' : : Ijerisate for - the1 absence of the5 Aepinall J \t ? .^element.'. . It -is ?'.probably tf rthe'° /prevalent ...; ?:.-, spirit ; of; Loyal'. Liberal misrepresentation-' .^-.?- ,wbich reports the constitutional 1 Miss Br ami ey ( *,_ ..-, ,,,, .to have followed. ; Mr. Langt.dn'flr.epeech'd with' ',y-- ' $004'by6 sweethearf;,;.goodrby.e,':and tpjhkye i , ,' sieved Mi? Bayles to.tears by ?' Willie, we 'have ? ,7 1' 'missed you.'1 I fail to discover much .reality ^or'rnu'oh' that. was either, practical, or meant to , ''? ! jBe-'practical, in the speeches' of the orators. ? It ' ?'? r ia, 41 course, very pretty rhetorically fox a. red fei'Jorbsa -knight to put his shoulder to thewheel Vi paving his'-banner heroically the while, but v:oii,*hej said knight won't -;gain much if he keeps c-, ;i!Sh6yingin :a hostile. direction against the dijiv .v, £ ing; wheel of a locomotive.' . Of course - senti-' vr,.,rment. is beautiful, even political sentiments : 1» ', -.- . ;'; ,pan',t discover muoh more reality. in, the Sar i ?;- SP,°d's- store sentiment , than in that of the . ' ' ^Tbothered.Domine whp, driven to desperation '^ alter dinner, and pestered for a sentiment,'; C: ' ' ; gave ''? The ' Reflection of. tte -Moonyin the -'--; cahii bosom of the Isikei' Pretty' you. see, but V ,-' ? iaristiin'gless. '' :i. ;' ' ' '.'' ?; : '?'A-Temarkable#ruinor crops up ever and again 1 3 'with a persist'eh'oy which, I am bound to con ; ;i sfess; has hitherto occasioned me some snrprise. l ;-!_By.aociaenfc.'Ihave,'iI ? think, discovered ihe' \- ' $ey\oi .the.myBtery;' I.don't want to be oraoul&r;:, ; f ..-:.«??;'??.» Sir Boyle Ebche said, the' best way .to avoid a difficulty is to meet it. face to face. % Th^e report which; I could not understand, re ' ' .: fleeted upon the. commercial oredit of tha pro ' - Lj(rie't6r of the Theatre Eoyal and a large slice f ' of; Bomie-Btreet. ?.W.itha renti-rqll of , ten, s thousand per annum', I don't l think I should iinyseli!much 'care for injurious rumorsi but t; when they are traceable to malice they cannot c, Mte too promptly or too strongly denounced. ?-; Insinuations are cheap weapons of offence. (.r;Bat more than insinuations have been uttered.' £ ,It is singular that any, imputation should rest . for. a moment upon the credit of ;one_- who in .''M the course of along commercial career, .never r_' , dishonored, an engagement. :.( Acting asexecu '. tor of the will of. a deceased .friend, Mr Am ' brose Kyte has been compelled -to resist t some unfounded, claims' persistently ', set r - op'. ' And his ' determinatipn in this, mat -'' ? t'er is. the secret of the' scandal circulated v. in ! .'the hope of doing him an injury. The i. estate which, when it1- came '. into his hands, . was worth £1609, now produces nearly £2000 . ,,per,annum, and this is the best possible justifi t cation of hisimanngement. - llf'Ibelieved fbr:a . mordent that there. were, grounds, for: doubting ' Mr Kyjte's fidelity, none would be more ready to' denounce him than mysey. Again, if I ' thought there was a shadow- of a doubt about' '' tlte strength of, Mr Kyte'a monetary positioa,'I ^finoiald not venture upon so delicate an experl-r '?'Jment as to discuss it- ' . , . ., ?. ?: ' ' ?-? ' Not long sinbe it was stated oh. the best. '. -authority that a Glasgow firm was conatruot-. \- ing Bteamahips designed for the Australian voyage — ^vessels of- large size, great speed, and powerfully engined. There was, of oourse, the expectation that a subsidy weuld have bee^i f ' -voted by the Victorian Government. 0 wing 1 to the interminable delay; of the deadlock, the 1 Btibsidy was never granted, and our Scotoh ' ,- Jrionds, tired of waiting, have sold two of their . eteamers for other trades. This adds addi ? tipnal force to the arguments in favor of ; prompt action during the present BeBsion of Par ' ]ia,ment. '' ' ? .:?:.??;/: JJ, I .': ! ? VwteM* Netuaayor, I fancy, wanta a job'. Europe he finds a little slow after the Mel bourne Observatory. I hope I don't undervalue science and exploration and so forth, but I do sincerely trust, that some bctterjCause for the projected expedition, into, the desert heart of Australia maybe shown. than the possible dis covery oE ft living specimen ,of a gigantic mar- . supial. -Would it be worth £20,000 to find an .oldmankanngoo twenty jfeefc high? ?- Yet; this was the inducement chiefly relied on by/a j dis tinguished man of science at .the meeting of the Eoyal Geographical Society. ., f .' : . Thanks, Mr Mayor, for your polite invi tation. Nothing but a sense of' spiritual pro priety could have prevented my acceptance . of your quarterly hospitality.. Howlcould I, the ghost of the dead wrestler of Samo3, stalk , amidst the wine-cups and the flo'wer3 and1 the ? Oommon- epuncillors. Would I not have been as unwelcome at the feask as gashed-necked Bauquo ? ,1 did your worship, service byi un-; wiih'ng absence. The skeleton in the closet is the normal 'condition of the ordinary rate payer, and spirits are best kept . in cupboards' out of sight. What, for instance, would tave, ' been the effect of .my- apparition upon the ap petite of Alderman Hughes'? Would he, not : hayeregarded-measamesseriger, from Erinnys despatched to- ;make : inquiry ; about ! that affair of the lottery, ticket? .Might : not that Corporation ornament— that , ? brightest gem of purest ray, &c;, have been made 'un comfortable, by the notion that I; had been deputed to convey him to those Elysian fields . where county coiir'ts' haw no jurisdiction, jand minor chiselling is readily allowed^. If Aluer nlan Hughes had won: the - Tfo j an' horse on a joint ticket, everybody else's share. would have been the : hole in.the horse's side, ' and - the balance would have gone to.: the; Alderman. Whyr isn't Lieutenant S wanson! of ' her Maj esty 's service also an alderman,? ;? ' , ; ? We don't understand the ; wholesale business in Victoria. They are still ahead of us in that particularin the old country. By, the mail it is reported as a matter of ; course, and, not at ' all, rem'arkab)e, that Mr ',,, James- M'Henry; ' should owe his creditors £3,600,000.'; ;He asked ^ for an extension 'of time' (not a reduc tion of amount) to get the ' trifle of money' together, and creditors' to extent of £2,400,066/ cheerfully assented. One ill-conditione'd fellow, with a paltry claim of half a millidn,! wasj at the latest date! objecting, but of course no lone wonld pay the slightest attention to hiin. The ;man: must -stand high in i the estimation df! the monetary, world : whoso, ungaaraut.eed.pro-. . mise to pay ,a few-, millions is .aocepted, 4n^ whose equivalent,, property is left., in hisj :own hands for realisation.. .The proximate 'cause ,of Mr . 'M'Henry 's, diffioulties -isi a gigantic railway contract- in the United States. Having finished the construction,: he Was about floating a few million of debentures guaranteed by Overend, Gurney and Co.' and some of the finance oompanios, when the panic bowled him over. Mr M'Henry once before 'had to meet his creditors: He. then owed a million and a quarter. . ,They aoqepfced a lesser sum, but having been fortunate subsequently in one or two operations, he voluntarily, .paid his former creditors the balance, which-. ,he had been forgiven, and for which/ ho was no longer; legally liable. For vastness of conception , for courage in execution, and for resolution not tp surrender everiin the'rnost desperate 'circum- stances, James M'Henry stands almost unri valled amongst the Triton's of speculation. He is essentially a speculator, and could' no more live without : it than !an Ordinary man without ; food.- Liverpool, was ' his earliest field of business conflict, but the Londoner is now equally , familiar with . the man and his doings. , In old days when. George F. Train was a sober, young man jOf business, agent for Colonel Train's line of. Boston packets, there was friendship between these two. No thing could 'bo .wider ;thau the gap betwepn them now.' 'James M%Henfy may be unfortu date and rriined, but /no taint will ever touch his name. Next year he may be ''''millions' better than his i liabilities, 'nor will that move/ him to much ecstasy. The necessity of his life is energetic action; and Austerlitz or Waterloo would scarcely: make his pulse beat ono throb; therfaster. The - com mer/oial .world will yet hear, more of James M'Henry. There are.* .degrees, of everything— even of .villany. Theremay or may not be degrees of rewards and q£. punishments, , but I am sure there are degrees , of social offence. And of. barefaced, .cool,- deliberate, outrageous swind^ ling, there has ^eyer been a niore shocking ex-., ample than can be, found in the. proceedings of the Ballarat Court of. Mines one day last week. Gold in the well, gold in the tanks, gold sticking to the directors', talons, gold on the manager's ' claws, gold in the lawyers' ;pockets, gold everywhere, except in the pos session of the i deluded shareholders. I sup pose. I aught ;tb envy the directors their enjoy ment of a glorious opportunity, but T. don't, and prefer to take my stand upon a .penny per line, ,-,:..;, ? ,]:?;, ?;???, ' ??'. / ;'.r- ,):'??'. .; ' ' Why is , the Supreme Court: aboye the , modern weaknesa for steel.pens? I)o:frpwsy' quillB tell, better with^a jury ? ? Are they mpr^ effective. in the jotting down . of ., imaginary notes upon , the expansive . margins . of .ppn- . derous briefs— in order to , impress buoojio - clients ? I don't think ' The old buffer's against us!'' cquld havo related to,' anything that the ? witness in the box was saying in fesponso to hia Honor in that Bank' of Victoria case. Wouldn't it be worth ; while '.to -have the Supreme Court buildings washed out occasion ally? There is. a fine iield for any foreign acclimatisation society in want of entomological spooimens. And. the change pf, ventfe miglit in thaji case be agreed ,to .by-.a. .unanimo'na Yoto of tho bench and bar. When sixty-seven middle-aged females of unprepossessing appearance stormed the out-, worlra of the Verandah one day last week, the Amazonian onslaught, caused some not an- , natural trepidation amongst persons with their washing bills a little in' afrear.. It was a re lief to discover that the irruption was not insti gated by any hbstile:feelihg, but that this in tention of the' invaders 'was, on 'the 'contrary , friendly and merciful. A resident of the Hall of Commerce, it:,appeared, had: advertised for a- housekeeper, -and it doubtless1 redounds- to the honor of the. gentler sex:that soi.man'y were ready: to cast themselves into the breach and do,! their duty. Why;did tho/adveriiser mistake the number of. bis, own ^pflwe and direct that eurging .tide ;of female i industry into the premises of. one chiefly remarkable for retiring : demeanor disguised: by.thp-tremendou3ness: of bis' whiskers ? . ? ? ? : .. ,i, .. .,? :, .? .-^. -??.-.. li:;.'. '?^.??'?'??pQJj-ESi-' ; 