30QLAK AND ITS BATH. (FEOST LAKD AND WATER.) I have to this boar a pious horror of flannel and eoap as a means wherewith my morning face may be made to ehine. Not that I hare any dislike to a clean and well-scrubbed B^rin; on the contrary, I particularly like it, but some how the remembrance of past wrongs has never been effaced from my recollection. I can as distinctly recall as though it happened only yes terday the tortures that were invariably inflicted upon me by the lusty, red-armed, red-haired nursemaid whenevershe "cleaned" me. Asoiled face is no unfrequentoccurrence with little boys . who have not attained to the dignity of breeches, and I was no exception to the rule. The female janitor who took charge of me had a fiendish habit of polishing my face in the same manner as ehe would have scoured the door step or the kitchen floor ; grasping me with her left hand by the scalp, the other hand, covered with a well-soaped flannel, moved in rapid circles over my faoe, and always in a direction from the chin upwards ; next, a hard finger, bandaged with a soapy flannel, was viciously thrust into each of my ears, as if the finger were a bradawl and my luckless head a log of wood j the finishing off being accom plished with a. dry towel, a veritable linen rasp. Whenever I visit a eo-called "Turkish bath" in this great London city^ re membrances of my early wrongs and miseries come back to me unpleasantly. I am sokped and rasped mnch in the same fashion as of old, and ^finally cooled when at a red heat by i: eing plunged bodily into cold- water, as a b ack smith cook in his water-trough the gloring iron. In my. wanderings I have visited Turkish baths in Lower Scutari, jStamboul, aud tea ntly in Cairo, but the syst&n; of bathing adopted in all or either of these bathing eetablisha ents in nothing resemble* the plan improj terly called a" Turkish bath" as employedinLon don. I shall try, however, to describe my visit to a "Turkish bath" whilst staying in months ago t I may, perhaps, then i» b stter able 4o point .out the difference between the Eastern and English systems of bathing. here aretobe fbundinfcbgoityofG^ijip ^bout set enty baths, pr, as tbpy are called; Hampuuns. i ome of these are drcluflvely appropriat^d tq.th i use of the men, other* pre fprwomepapd chili Iran, but the larger proportion £?$fi?£thq ineof both sexes. One may pt 1 ?ben the female -kind arcip occupation of a 1 ath hpuse, becapse, in jthat cgsfyyppwilHnvar ably see a Tery dirty towel, orpieoeof ragged moth, dangling outside. This soUed fit toW»j»d »ign is intended to warn away thCjlQrcls of crei tioni1 The of ft* jaregept rally orn&mented;,or disfigured Mfc anfty vitn fanciful devices executed in bright; cplpi rs green, red, and, white pr^mipating., Ciane fays:-" The bath is belieyed to be afeyc urite resort of ginn (pr genii), andjtbe»»fprew! Lena person i» about to «&ter; it. fye, should offi r up en fjftpulatory prayer for protection against - evil spirits, and should pat 4us left /ootj first over the threshold./ For the^ame r$s«mhe should not pray nor xpoite the £ur*&n; iajit. Consulting my dragopian upon the atl-im portent question of a oath, he at onoe. bcpame very energetic on behalf of .the . bath at Jtyol&k;, which, he said, was better than any other, as it was builtoriginally by MahommedAli especially and only for his own particular use/ So to.BooJat t determined to go, I have reason notr to think my dragoman had other; of ihisbathabove -all otter*, tllan diaie ooriifort and convenience. Getting to Boolak involved the employment of a carriage: or going on donkey back, and in either event " bakeheish" from the driver or, donkey pro* prietorwaa a kind of black mail Mr. Dragoman was " sure of obtaining. 'Thdn the bathtnkb' has to pay the dragoman a percentage, and a heavy one, too, I am told, on the proceeds wrung from every human pigeon coaxed or beguiled to this plucking- bouse. A carriage chartered, we started, that is, self and dragoman, for Bool^k. It ib a pretty drive from Cairo ioBoolak, through narrow streets, past quaint looking palaces, and flower gardens bright with sweet-scented blossoms. Here a mosque with its taper minarets seemB to have grown up from amidBt the houses, that seem to be tenant* less bo far as the windows enable one to judge, for you look and look in vain for thfe glimpse of a human face peeping out, and very rarely is your curiosity gratified. Boolftk is the i Wapping of Cairo; everything is suggestive of boats, everybody has to do with boats, qnd a boaty smell, compounded of tar, old rope, and ( rancid grease, pervades the atmosphere as you drive along the dusty streets. You are in con* i etant peril of being crushed and flattened by ponderous[drays tugged by raw-boned buffaloes, and piled high with bales, boxes, cratcs, casks, and merchandise of all kinds and^deseriptions j 1 camels heavily laden and tied together, some times eight or ten in a line, tramp slowly along, i utterly regardless of anything or anybody that may chance to come in their line of march, and keep one in a continued state of anxiety lest they tread you into duet. I am disposed to think a train of baggage camels would march straight at the Pyramids, and never dream but I that they could knock it down and walk over the ruinb. Donkeys laden, donkeys ridden, | donkeyB going to be loaded, donkeys an carts, donkeys saddled* and rampaging donkeys, that short, and bray, and create disturbances amongst j the other donkeys, ate quite as numerous as ants in 4 hill. They jam against the carriage, j wheels, get between the horses, hitch their loads j in the harness, and mass together in hopeless entanglement. Then the driver yells and j swears, and plies his whip Bavagely; the j donkey-boys, never sparing of the stick, flog away when any hindrance -occurs, as though they were beating carpets by the job; while the , draymen and camel-drivers come to the rescue, and by diot of kicking, swearing,; pushing, and viciously punishing the unlucky donkeys, ' coiitrive at .list to' restore order, and the stream of traffic flows on again for a little time in its regular course. Boolak ; is the port of Cairo, and although it is now part of the mainland, it once stood on an , island, whereon, so it is said, sugar cane wa?, at one time, extensively cultivated. The remains of the old channel which divided Boolak from Cairo is still traceable here arid there, but its filling up haB had the effect of making Boolak j a port. All the overland passengers to India and travellers who came to Cairp were, before the introduction of railways, landed at Boolak, and as far back as 1833 it boasted a population of 5,000 souls, and very many handsome palaces, one of them being once the residence of Ismail Pasha, who came to an untimely end ! many years ago in the province of Shendy. As | it is quite a romantic legend I shall relate it as it is told in Murray's Egypt. . Ismail Pasha had ventured with a small suite of about fifty persons into the heart of the .country, and liad ordered a considerable number of blacks to, be levied by the chief Melek Eimr, for the service of his lather Mohammed Alt, within the short space of three days j and on the Ethiopian requesting a longer period, he struck him on the mouth with his pipe, adding insult to the blow. The wily Kimr dissembled his feelings, and by pre tended respect and concern for the comfort of BO respected a guest, engaged the young Pasha to pass the night on shore, when preparations were speedily made for satiating his' revenge. A large quantity of reeds were collected about the house, on pretence of feeding the camels ; end in the dead of the night, put-rounded by flames, and a countless host of furious Ethio* pians, the Pasha and his party were over whelmed without the possibility of resistance or escape. I reach the bath in no worse oondition than that of being hot, dusty, and somewhat ruffled in temper by the continual shindies encountered | on the way. The dragoman takes it all coolly, j as something that ought to happen to relieve the monotony of the drive," and, descending from the diokey of the carriage, marshals me through a narrow-arched entrance, .along a dark passage/and, opening a veiy small door at the end of it, I stumble down three or four steps ifftb a large room: - As I recover my equilibrium and look about me, I discover that I am standing in an apartment^ large in size, square in shape, floored with white 'marble, and - having three of its sides , fitted up with benches which are divided into numerous square compartments that remind me of large meat-safes without any doors. Over head is a dotoe in which are small: windows that admit a yellow kind of "light? neither dim nor religious, ' but suggestive more of lamplight after the day breakfc.' Bepeath thfe aome.and stretching frdm onfc 'side of the room to the' otherj are linet of oordlike the webs of antediluvian spiders,; from which dangle wet towels' and cloths of all sorts, colours, and partenw, And in tjbe centre of the apartment aYountain squirts - ra^lie)? than throws a jet df 'npp dver clear water ^^'ugh^co^^rnOMleBbohtifobt into thi atr,« to fallwith a lazv splash into a circular marble besin unpleassntly reeembling a washing j tub. ?hisapartment, my dragoman tellsiije, is ehlled the the meateafe-like aparttaen't; " leewans," and the squirt , dignified With the nam6 of fountain " faske^n.*' . 'The ^ead bather-ohmes bowing towards me,-and Lam to beintroduced. v"i. ' He was a slim-looking man, wasthe bead., batbeft with a .smoothly-shaven., face, and tfy blackest of blafek eyes, that seemed ,to( be jin'V; j perpetual state of twbit andtwinkle; hel was ! arrayed in garments tif'thg loosest d&cription;, whichseemedto consist of iatve towels, worn ; ! over.pneanotber likea eerie? of-capes, his feet, ' were encased iq yejlow slippers, turned tip a£ the tow like Blue Beard's, and Bis head was enveloped in an immense green turban, an;' evidtofce and lign of his direct desoent,from the Prophet* iThe dragoman,^©' to «ay, at > once loosignpd me to this individual's oarje and keeping, and explained that I had to^ giye; into his bands all my personal effects. By tbiB time e goodly retinue of subordinates tyd assembled, to iuvesiigatethe contents of the 'pockets ot tbe *' ^gelise," end it like being in tbe hand* of an -Baston Bick Turpih. .JXret of nil my watch was delivered up and ^riticaHy examined* next my fcarf-pm, then my pocket-book, ana lastly my money, the latter, carefully counted, Bnd each coin sub jected ion separate examination. The head man, *ltir 16cking all *beie items up in a small drawer, took noe by the arm as though I wqre bie prisoner, and immediately hurtled me into one of the " meat-safe"-like compartments. These divisions were not, I may mention, e» passant, fined up exactly alike. Some ot them, I observed, had only rush mats covering tbe floor, and stretched upon these mats several ghost-like figures rolled up in white vestments, as though they were patiently wait ing to be buried. Other compartments had cushions and carpets, and in some^of these turbaned Arabs lounged and-puflha greedily at their long " chibouks. Tho " meat-safe" into which X was conducfcedwas evidently, a kind of royal safe, for the cushions were larger and softer, the oarpets better in quality and richer in colour, and the general fitting-up was altogether of a superior descnp* tion. And now the satellites, seizing upon me, rapidly stripped off my coat, waistcoat, and nether .garments, as if my clothing was to become their especial perquisite, and then rapidly as a diadem spider swathes its victim in ribbons of web, BO quickly did these nearly . nude imps roll me up in wraps of white linen. My shoes and stockings dragged from off my feet, I was again led from the "safe1 to the uoott and fitted with a pair of clogs-lam wrong in Baving fitted, because these terrible machines tfere very much too short and too narrow, and as the wooden heels were quite _ three^ inches high, and the soles of corresponding thickness, walking in them required an amount of skill and care that only long practice or the train ing of a tight-rope dancer could supply; more over, tbe floors of polished marble were as the smoothest ice, and my first essay at progression was vastly like that of a novice for the first time on skates. 80 far my dragoman had been in close attendance, and, I could through him remonstrate or object to any usage not quite agreeable, but now even this last hope vanished, as a small door dosing after me shut me from him and the external world. Two brawny bathers, black as ebony, their skins thining as if they had recently been black leaded, supported me, one on each side, through a room full of steamy'Vapour, that had the peculiar, and by no means agreeable, scent of a scullery, in which washing clothes is in full operation, and where the steam fro oil the copper has no means of escape except through tjbe door or window. The floor was likewise made of polished marble, but here a-flood with warm water. I stupidly thought I should be able to walk better if my horrid clogs could be got rid of, so dexterously slip ping both my feet from out. the cross straps that kept them on, I was free from the dis agreeable trammel ere my keepers knew what I was about Wo sooner were my bare feet upon the wet marble, than they instantly took opposite directions, and with a force and velocity that knocked both my sable supporters ] clean off their legs, and down the three of us I came with a heavy thud upon the slippeiy floor, 1 sending tbe water in a shower of spray on j every side. We were soon up again, with n6 j worse hurt than a wetting, and amidst a great I dpal of (^battering, which might have been either terrible swearing, mild remonstrance, or I wordB of pity, for aught I can tell, but this I much, at any irate, I perfectly comprehended, not a single step would they go further unless j I again put on the detestable ologB. I It is done; tbe clogs are on, and we are once more upon tbe move, and passing safely through this puter batbing-room, called j " Beyt-ovfwal," signifying " first chamber," we enter a very much hotter one, also full of I steam, and named the " hararahat first it I was rather 'difficult to make anything out dis I tinctly through the fog of vapour,-inasmuch as 1 tbe little light there was came from the domed I ceiling, and this had to struggle through the I steam as thie sun's rays have to penetrate a 1 London fog. 80 soon as my eyes adapted r themselves to the peculiar light and atmo } sphere, I made out that the roam was nearly 1 square, very much smaller than*the outer one I we had just traversed, hut like it, paved with 1 white marble; the greater portion of what j should have been floor was, in reality/an im I mense kind of cistern (nughiai) filled with 1 steaming hot watery on the right-hand side of j the apartment is a large marblftslab fitted into j a niche in the wall, and slanted at about the I same angle as tbe marble slabs are in the I windows of swell metropolitan fish, shops 1 I while on the left-hand-side a marble' trough, ] like a saroophagus, completely filled the space I from wall to wall., These observations ware j scarcely completed, when my keepers peeled I me, I hardly know a better simile, as the^ I might iiave an onion or an orange, and *' sans" 1 anything in the'shape of wrappers I was laid I upon my stomach on the slah, and now. my' 1 trials began in earnest. First I was pressed 1 apd kneaded by the dingy bathers iji: the I maimer bakers workup their dough5 this over, j they next commenced to crack mjr . joints, and I not only my joints, forthey abtualjy cracked I me all over. After my Anger* and toes, had j undergone partial dislocation, «iy' angles, I prjst$, apd ^shared a lie fatej then, 1 seizing mp by tbe hips anashoujders, thetwain I wrung my body, first' one. way, jihd, then the j othdr, lill'my Vertebrae »eetae$tto crack like so 1 man/ walnuts} and even this did not satisfy 1 £he -tbrturers, for iqy&ead;/firmlygrairflpsd, vrfu 1 then twisted fromside .to.Mile'#? a*.to mafcp my neck joints ahtp ^praqk audibly; and, lastly, I my j a^anny ihat leif me to fear; they mjght*e» I main in V pehduloiis condition for the rest of, 1 my-days. I ain firmly <»nvinoed now, that a I turn upon the "rack," or' a taste iof St.r j Catherine's whwli mildly spptfed,; ooul I l^ebeen.*?. a pwaahme^ji after J all. ^ t. i! 1 * t.s * ' ~ ^ *"' j v' I hiadfe sure, after the head apd ear twisting, [ thatmy troubles tipon the slab would end) I not «o, however; my poor feet had totake J their iurn. Witb two "xasps"-I employ Hie ] word advisedly-made from a kind of puipioe I eto^e. the bathers worked away at {hp soles of ! my feet as though the said soles were well I by infuriated pastry-cooks; ^providentially I I em not ticklish, but as it was, it produced the { most extraordinary sensation all .oyer me I j ever felt, and had it been my last moment, I | musii have laugheel, and laugh I did, right hcartil'r, ttnfl 'Ul^r|| filing M Momed to be cofctlgibris^o^in^ SaDle opiratbfo look it up, and the three of~us performed a ridiculous laughing ^orta;- Th8reaM,In](ay ex plain, two descriptions of "rasp employed for the feet of bathers. One very porous and rough, such as they used for me, its rasping surface being scored with oblique lines. The other kin* is mplte of very.much finer material,, usually baked clay, and the roughing surface ir made with a tool like the finer kinds of files are worked up. lias pa made-especially for ladies are mostly fitted with an ornamental back or casiug, as are hairbrushes, and I have seen embossed silver employed for the purpose. The necessity for the rasp is accounted for from the habit nearly all itbe Egyptian -peasants have of going without any shoes or stookiogs t the akin covering the soles of the feet becomes^ immensely thickened and aa hard as horn. The Arabic name for this implement ie " hagar el bammim," and any number are at all times* teposecl for sale'in the Cairo bazaars. lam taken from off (lie slab at last, and, as* may be easily imagined, perspiration streams from everypore.of my skin, and with my clogs' op-the darkies took, oaretosee that-r-Iam led' to tbe sarcophagus, ana madi) to eititi it. By turning a tap, a stream of hot water poun in from a nozzle nearly as 'high up as the dome of the roof; it does not fall directly upon my head,, but first of all strikes a piece of stone projecting from the wall, about half-way betwixt the .trough and the nozzle, and from this it sprinkles over me like a Bhower of very hot rain. I must have been, SB I equatted in tho shower, remarkably like' a 'Daddy Neptune, without a crown and trident, orsome liver god' undergoing a perpetual shower-bath, u usually seen in fountains. In the midst of this sprinkle I was ecoured vigorously' with rude gloves placed on the hands of the bathers, and made from the woody fibre of a large gourd, and this was continued until everything, excepting^ the actual skin itself, was rubbed o$ and I was* polished as smooth as ivory. Dragged rather than assisted from out the sarcophagus, my early remembrances of soap and flannel are brought home to me in all the vividness of a painful reality, and I am almost tempted to think myself again a child in the hands of the nursemaid. With an implement like a mop,, made from the fibres of the date-palm leaf, One of the bathers *' painted" me all over with a thick lath&r;, supplied from a large bowl held in readiness-by his -companion. I dare not open my eyes, neither could I offer so-much aa a groan of complaint j if I do, there is a. cer tainty of being instantly blinded or choked,, or probably both. When thoroughly soaped, l am consigned to the-tank, and into it I< soused' with a tremendous < splash. Though the. tank wasabore four feet deep, after all I had goxie through, it was really delightful to roll about in the warm water, wash off the lather from my head end body, and re-adjust my joints. I was allowed to take my time in the tank, and*, when, like a " river horee," I floundered out upoh ihe floor, the dnrkiea were ready, and at once enveloped me, after I had been Hghtly rubbed down, in warm dry wraps, the-comfort of which in some degree compensated for past sufferings. A long narrow kind of towel wound round and round my head until it seemed as big as a bee-hive, and tbs ever lasting dogs upon my feet, completed a cos tume more comfortable than becoming, and' in which I again appeared to the outer world. Once more reinstated in' the " meat safe," I was regaled with coffee and a " chibouk," and very gently kneaded this time, as I retained at mine ease full length upon a Soft mattraes. Bmall boys are the "operation now, and I cer tainly much prefer their milder treasures to tbe.^pqre energetic dislocating procesp adppted by the full-crown bathers. 1 need do no-more than state (hat my clotheB and valuables were all restored to tub in perfect safety j and when I had completed my toilet, the last act of the dramh.was paying the piper and getting out again, first of all the head mail had to be eatieiipd-no easy job; andas my dragoman's .' baksbeish'' was in proportion to the sum* that bould be: extracted from my pocket, of course the worthy tried his best to squeeze out as much as he could. Three, or at the outside,. :fbuiy piastres is the aun) the heaviest Egyptian' swells pay, and a peasant usually one piastre.. But more* than as many shillings are demanded from me; and I am consoled by being in* formed by Bfr. Dragom&n;* thata tneleeish< gents" are always very liberal, and that an< American ff gait" only a week before gate the batfr-*nan a half-sovereign. It occurred to me,, if he: pUdj it must have been but ofsheer gratitude, and as a votive offering for. his safe deliverance frdmtbe bandit of'tho Mask in quisitors. It was vainto1 protest against the exorbitant demands thatwere made. ?' I knew it to be, a robbery, hiit the Ddds were sgainst me, and I had no -alteroatiTe but to comply. Ko sooner bad I paid tbe master than I wa» beset by the entire staff, who, to use the milderft term, mobbed;Mb/ and with- extended* ' ha&dlr; kept up a cMtinuoiu' chorus of V bak sheisb,V!',6aktbeiali{''aqd.ihiS'timeimydrago rnan changed his tune.. pickings oould be hoped for orfilohed <£rom, theaedeppndants,. and so he furiously bratadubed. his Hick, andi keptLbick -the clamorous 'crowd, until I n» safely out and seated inmy carriage.I gave him some loose coins fbr< general distribution* amongst* the crowd, iprjfcw&.ierTedj in some .degree ,tP restore qrdi&Jr;,| ,«$ powl^ave ®°*»* pleted my story as to howlmt into a Turkish* bath', and how I goTouVbf'il.1" "L * 3W d/fferiehce i '.the' English and eastern systems of Turkish baths 1i,tbattn the :former,a*»¥ule(>h ; indiiceipertpiratidn,(ftnd tken, aftar,/Aidtnpoo< soWfi ^e.,^tber ia :plun^ed into In the latter pleated air, but saturated with" ii^Uture, is used, $>g£ther with ^shabiwjtfib^ and finished (off: tfith'a fiot-Wtbi the bi;dy">after. wards bebg aliowed to oaol#»duaUf. i 1 have not'Spape to disouii thg fpupsotive merits of the two clans. But most assuredly.prefer the ewtern eyetcw.. c f jjpps KSAB?? JjOBD, J-.tl i ?i'tHTTT ; fl'-Mmf ^ ,'T' ? -? ?. ,>. . : fL toilette, -contributed by^he Baroune de Spate. The foUpwing isthe baroness's idea of a lady's sporting costume, and it certainly allows "little'to be desired":--Imperial green 'habij; looped; up with jgold,.<&atos; and Mac adam uu£klea; a blapk felt Tuf}or hat, Mazariiicollar of Ventcetace, gloves of peatt 'd^ ScixA, Russian'leather*1 (boots; petticoat trimmed with Valenciennes, Jockey Club flcfetffc,.liuntinc-luiife withlapw-laznli handle, Eocket haiidkerchier with six open-work ems and embroidered cipher. 