COLONIAL EXTRAUTS. THE LATE STICKING UP BETWEEN GIMPIE AND YARRA.--Henry Eldridge, one of the persons lately stopped and robbed by some bushrangers, between Gympie and Yabba, in Queensland, gives the following account of the affair, which appear's in the Nash- ville Times :--When about four miles from Imbil station, going through the second scrub, an armed man with his face covered stepped from behind a tree ahead, with a revolver in his hand, and told me to stand with hands down or be would murder me. On looking behind I beheld another ruffian, who had us covered with a double-barrelled gun, As there was scrub on either side of me, "I must give in," " I must disimount." They marched me into the bush-ahout 300 yards--when the tallest of the two tied my rands blehind my back, while thIe other stood threatening if I made any resistance I was a dead nan. They then marched about hllf-a-mile further into ai scrub, where I was sunrererd. All I hd wars 5s., which they took; they nlso took my boots off niy feet, and tile hrrt off my heand. They thrUi took rme to II saplirng I refused to sit so closeo to it, whebn I.reeivedI a severe blow oni thile Iand whlichL knockeld me sense. lessIr. I caiine to in a few hours, ned after trying every oflfort to relieve myself, g?ve it urrp nearly exhlusted. On looking around I sulw a small stone at a distance, which it was all but; impossible to reach. I made deadly effort to reael it witll my tongue, nnd mianiirged to grapple it writh my mouth and dropped it over lly rshoulder, and P'rovidenrce guided it into my heauds. I worked it with n.y fingers Ill nighlt, man. iagedo to eit tile roe u wrllich tield le to tihe surplinrg, and Xot prlly relearsedl tile follow. mrg morning rlabout 10 o'lock. Still I was tied, both hands and feet, with death star ing me ill thie face. I jumnped along, knowr ing every jump nwas one to salety, when I wuas seen nt an distInree I)y one of a pII 'ty whro lhad lmet wilth the sanre fate as myselt' IHo undid thie ties from mry Ihanlds andr feet, so I manuagedr to reaicl limbil, where I nmet with every kinldness to oero' my speerdy recoveory. I will nowr state whait bolel thie party allutdelo.to-tlre four young men awho had been out to tile Wogie rush, Return. ing to Yabba, a little further on than where I met my misfortune, at this second crossing of Yabbain reek; filveo miles from Imbil, three of tlrhose young men were walking, with tijeirsrwags, to tihe creek to cross, when the ruffians, who Were mounted, witl Sveils, over their .faces;- and undoing their Sguns at tile same time, cnmo up to tllem, and saug out " Hannds down manrch off' into tlle brush;" whiill we did, about 300 yardis, Aftui; two of uis hiad ben borndl toegolthdr, bur other mate cnme uip looking for irs, thinkinig wie were out of. our track. when one busiranriger shoiluted out "Go and bring that - uip too," So hero they searched his, after havinig inde us fiast, tied two'and two'togetlloer getting £10 2s, (id. After this theoy made us go into tile scrnh, nnd secured eachnr twIo of us to strong anp. lings, with orir hands tied behind osr backs, wlhero, we believe we would.lnhave died libut for one of sour party who had a small hand, Sowing to one of his fingers having bee!n cut oil After striigtliing for some time; hie got Iris hand out; but for this, we were tied in such i way, that death wasn certain, Weo were sttuck up onl Thlursday, 4 o'cloek liin tlre ifternodri, but, got relenased befro thin the same evenrling, and reacherd.Imbil that night, where tilero was a trooor irlt the time, who accompanied us anrd nplnin l]-Iicson next rnorrring ind found our blankets. On Friday eveninga trooper and a bhiok tracker enmo from Gpmylo to Imbil, and on Satrir. day morning went out nccompaniled by mryself (H, Eldridge), the henad stooikman, and Mr l n. amill. We scoured the country aroundTfor miles, fnlding n blanket antid n old'snddle it thie rilumnns' camp, At ait dis. Stane fronla thiis in the centre of thie scrub, we found u gold bnag and some tobacco whili belollged to me, A SP.OAsn.-TIThe following melancholy nnrrativeois given in thie Tamiortll ExAr. mnie'er of, Sturdainy lit l--Miiny of our roaderswlli remnrembr the first crickotmatlch which toole place in Tameworlth between an elovenr selected from gentlemen in the nemploymenrt of fr. J, C. Lovyd, Burbur. gate, and eloven of our townsmnn,.: Seven years halined indo sand ihavoc ill theraniks of thie Namoi toainu, there being very few lolt in thie dlistiiot Who wero' pIresant oi that. memornbli oorasion,.Oneof tthoem, ihowoveor, mnd certainly tile most gonial ind pllleosaint of the lot, arrived ini 'Tamworth n faew dnjas ago,:under most melaliuloholy anid distressing c 'ireoumstlniies--- moin rMr,. l'emplo MBny. : ' nnrd-n nauio familini, tori a.r Inrg numrber qf o' our rdadi'inoi'ore especiblly Ihosem 'residbnt on thie NiriidlAt Iliae tinio of fihe'match to wh'ichsi'e liveo referred,: Mraynnid w?n'ioil the ermployment hfrMr. J, O,;nLloyd, whero ,he cI ontinued ftortilength oftimo niftorrlirds, but eventually contrnoted hnbitewi whlio t wholly ilneripacitnated iim for the perform. itiruo of hilt ordinalry dutieos ,'and ile alnd to :*lerve in consequinro,'. Timne oily seeomod I to colrtirm hlhi in Iho un'fortunatrr t course he had edolitd, nnd nlatterly it nld nifcolod I * his reason to such ini oxtontas td roedor him ' wholliy imbcuile, .lnine-iori rospntblaby I codneotcd hi5old flitndn did oat domort hijIr and hle was until lately living on a statione on the Name*oi, althoughl unable to attend busintess of any kiindl. Tlhe dificlulties nris. ing froni the neeessit. of const'itly watch. ing himi, and the heloelessncss of recovery, induced his frieinds to ,iid hilm over to the pslice or heir own 1protec'tion, anld it last iIh was broglit belbre the ]enlch et G nedah e and senrtenred to one month's inprisonient. in Tlmiworlh gaol. In inceordanee with that CIentencie le wir oIbrwrded hIre, whcere hle arrived during thie week, and he is now in the gaol, nawit. ing un order (br his transmiission to tile lunatic asylum. Thie unlbrtnilo man, although oiily in the prime of mnnhood, is Llut i miere mental wreck of his fbrmer sel'f, and lo ulblds Iiotler exsmple, if' orne were nrecessary, of' the dreadfultl fitcility w'ith whichl certain habiRts iiare contrited, iind thei terrible caseqrlueces w:hichl they eotnil. Winision.--'DEATtI lio0Ot EXPOsUREr. Ani nquest waiis held on thle l ith before Mr. White. coroner, auid ajury, l lBourke's ftnrm, Windsor Road, on the bodly of an old wnomnu named Ilonorn Mneniiramnrn. lJohn Alicnanrne ileposed 'l: The deceased is rny wilb ; she is neventr-lrinii years ol'f age; I was iproceedin on myi way to Sydney to get admission into tile poorhouse; I strted from the neigihbourhood ofl' Gunldagni some weelks since u; I hiave beei fifty-eight years in the colony; Icanmo to winidsor on Sntur. day last, and lind just suficient to buy n loaf ot' breld ; I was two nights in II pad dock oi M'Grath's liill, witi, my wife; the only covering we lhad was twro old blunlkets; we started oe Sunday rnorming firom M 'Grarth's.hllill, and reacodd Mir. ]lough's residence in the ovelningl; oni lTuesday morninUg iiy wile died; she lhas boon blind Ibr tile last four years ; w weire treated verly kindly by Mr. and Mrs. HloughRI, Cecilie loughr stated thie dleceoased nd hecr uibrnd earnle .to my plnce on Sun. lday last; they appuearedl to be in a destitute strlte:, and thie womarn ewas very weak ; hbe asked fbr a drink oa' water'; I gave her somer tea; they stopped till sheO died; do. terrsed was both deaifiind bliind ; I gave her footd, and allorwed her iand her husbanil to stop in the kitchen. Dr, Day made a poest murtem examination of the body, rind cer tifed tlhat death resulted from exlhaustion incitlent upon exposure to thie wet aind cold, together with wrnt of that nourilrshment and eomfbrt roqurired by a person of advanced ago. The jury returned a verdict in accordanre with the medical testimony. 1lerild, August 15. Sion i IEIPtT.--VO extract thie following frorm thn S . . leredt :-Sir,--I have the pleosureo tosend you, witli this iote, two roots of snugr bieet, grorwn oni a farm of .Mr. JIImes Landers, aibout a mile fromr Ponerrithl, by Thomarrs Appleodure. They are li'roin thle Improved Etlectoral" seed, sownr brorrlcnst nrd withliout irethodr, unid re byJluo mileans picked'roots, but only an raver'ago rrmple of tie lot, sownI in thie first weekhi F'bruarr hait, sinle which tirme there hrs been surely rain enoiughll to lay tho dust on thie roids in tlhe iNrpeaa district. The gronr estimnates thrnt hIis crop is equal to ribout 10 tons per acre, nind il he is correct in hisi estimrte, and ar better system of culi ture wvlo adoptedi, the yiell, I.thiilk, tifight be greatly increased. rMany of the farmera hvre put a little seed in to test thle capi. bilities ot the district for thie growth of this nest varlinable root, and are ili in vwonder. mnent at thie quantity oblnined from their little operations, They are il eagerly joricoting that somno eoluriny, or enuter. rrrsing pIorson, my orect II nlmanucfotory, whvcre they may either Ihave their produceo madle into sugar, or whore thlyeaun sell thleir beeot; and oni thie foundation of such a liiliing being Ilid they .will culrivato euagr.beet to erich an extontas will astonilsh the folks who heave not oernsidred tile inat. Lor--one, I thinkr, of quite equal, if not of more consideration trin thie eultivntion ol' cane, becruse it may ba grown anywherre, vill strnd heIrt or drought, comes to mr.r turity (I think) in half tie time that ealres do, nind requires compsratively little rat. tertiolr in its growth. It would be nu im. mense boon to thie country, and be Ilre making of thie farmors of tie county of Crumborihnd, if stops wero taken to nmakdI this root proflitalble. Thie green leaves boiled mike a dish I nndr the routs for feeding irits and all sortsr of stlck (either ran' or boiled with brani or othlier similaini, stull') are only lrequiredto be tried to boppreeiiiated. -I remain, Sir', yours htitihfuly, A. CooPElr, -August 18th, 18118. 'I'n DirsrNDOWornENT F' Tra IilSlsI Oulriot,--Tlre Laundoni, Review o' tlie 18t1 I Jire contains tieo :follorwing lr--' The Coni. groe?ationalists dtf Surrey atu trhiri' annuol ieeting ait lihirrond on'Tu'sdny, i)hiI'Jiuno, uninnimously piaosserd thou roI'llwinig rrsrlu. tibn with regard to the present .positionl f t'te Irish Clhurehr-.fl-" knt this union, buli inmg that. the estrblisImUent of. the Olhrel; of Englanrd in Irolant is noe only' inimicnl to ilro ieer anid prosperity of thit ronintry, blit obstruoets the prbgcress o' Pro. testanlteim, and in othrerwise injurilous io religi6li, greatly rejoices at tihe recent nr, lion of thU House o nf:0o onors, having in iow thie partinal disendoirmentc of nill reli. tloes donnlitiillons ii' Ireland, . Thait it IcqijOst tlitha ilirmun anid deireotarios to sign the following petition to the House of Commons, and also expresses the earnest liopo that, at the approachiiig general ol ,:. tiole. Noneonformists will overywhlere so disechrge t.heir dutiesra as citizenos s to in, sure the return of a Parlinament pledged to carry ?a a iriumllphant issue the policy which Mr. Gladstone has so conrageously initiated.' This is important as showing the feelings which animate the minds of' theo members of the more inlluutial religious bodies on this qluestion." A Cow OUT SroPrco.--On Friday afternoon we (Maitlnd l Mercury) wore mcuch nmused by the anties of a very eccentric cow, belonging to Mr. Jolin Lee, which seemed to possess a decided objection to be driven homei, and to haver a thoroughly femirino partiality for shopping. First shelo entered Mr. Tuck's, Connmmercial iotel, doubtless with a ldesire to usuaoge her thirst; she then mnade an inspection of Mr. Tierney's stock of Ibroadelollth, after which she walked boldly into the furniture wcaro house of IMr. Norman acd Broomfleld, where slm snugly eneoned herself'nmid chairs' soaes, and tables, so that it was a workl of reail dllliculty to drive ]her out. She uoxt lendeavoured to mlake herself it home in Messe's. J. Lee and Co.'s draIpery ostablishment, but was at length provailed poi, withl the aid of a persuasivero lip, to ipass osi to tile paddock at the roarn of those premises, whore shie wcs oventually secured. MsELANesoIrY BOACClENT.-e t ih our painful duty to chlronicle in this issue one of the most mnelancholy uccidents that has I'or somen years come ulntler our notice from the filct thait it refers to thie sudden death niot only of one of our most influential, linut also of one ofourinostcrspected townsmon. At the animateur races an Friday, Mr. Johln Georgo Dickson, son of' Mr. Jolln Dickson, of this townc, and a partner in thie ihrm of' Messrs. ])iokson andi Sons, was one of the miost octive sltewards. The duty of starter having devolved upon him in one of tile last iraces of thie day, the ill.fited gen'lcman had just started thi horsea, and wasn riding, by a short out from tile starting-post to the grand stand to see the termination of the race. Fronm whanlt eyewitnesses of the catastropho state there seeuns no doubt he was riding, at a gallop, a horsy naturally rather' restive, and was looking round to see how the race nwas going on, at the tinme not hIdving a controll over his horse, which was throwring its head about consider ably excited. As Mr. Dickson had the flg in hIis right hland and tihe reins in his left it would appear that beyond checking the aininmal hlo had little power to guiide it, and when hlie turned his eyes in front of him, hie was close upon a largo tree. He tried to pull the horse to his right, and the ciinal endeaoured to lias the tree on the loft, The resuit was that it swerved slarrply, anid tluoowing M'Ir. Diekson to the opposite side, his lhead came in full contact celti tie true,whieh hn struck withl a fearful crash, khoolcing hiin of the saddlo stunned acd senseless, Mr. Russell and Mr. Jolhn Healy, jun., who acwere near him at the tine, it once iulled up antl ran to his asistance, but Ifound him lying oi the ground with a fearful gash acnoross hir teimple, atcd blood 'lowing from other rWounds in his head, Mr. l.ucssell raised him, and Ihe presently recovered his senses so far as to be able to ask for water,. and also to complain of injury in.his chest. ie was very shortly attended by Dr. King and Dr. lnamsay, weho administored such restoratives as they coull[ get to hand, !and at once lhad him pliced in a buggy; but his time had come, and soarcely hlad tihe buggy past outsilde tihe gate of the race-course when iheo breathced two heavy sighs and died.-IVes ern I'ost, Srunovs IANKc NOTEs.-Wo (Newccastle Ohronicle) 'understancl tlhat aore of the diggers who have recently visited this city, on their way to the Quieenslandc diggiings, luoe left boldictl them anything buit agroe. iblo reminisconces in thie lshnpe ofa numeor of spurious iud conseqently valueless bank-notes. We have heard of povoral parties who have beeoon victimised in this cacy, and we mention the circumnstance to put boarding-house keepers, storoikoeopers, nd others on their guarsd agauinost tihe next batoh of gold:l hunters that may chance to snll in at Nowaustio. One poor woman, we are icformed, took as cair as ten ono. pocnd notes, ovepry ot o lilih was bud, TlnrI Paln ou's ''n. a,-The ller'ald's Par. samatta coirruspondent saysl--It cwill be atisfinetory to all persons c'ho take an in lrest cin the nmatter, to Ihoeir that the recent ttomipt to destroy the tree plantod by H, .11, thle ])cuke of Ediccilrhlc in 'Pr. rmaltta Puark has seinally failed of' its oli. joet, inasmuoh 'i is a portion of the nimilorial remins'ai ·ca i nose ildurilshing. Tho treo, pai pntsiarena, or ornamontal pluo, was, it will be remembered, torn up by tihe roots and hIaoked to pieces. INo trace of tle' rbots could be found, and it is probnlile the ,cerpotrator either threw thlem ilnto thie riveor or carried them off to fruIst'raite il endeldC. 'ours that mighit ie madile to roeplIt, B]ut his clreernuss was not sullciently allied With foruthouight after all ; for lie left behind himi quite enoughc for skillill hands to operato ulpon as thie iollowiug flel(s (pecially roe commofded to his notibo) cvill servo to Fshow. Mr. Giles, the rringcr of the Parra. mnatta Park, lne succeeded in grafting a scion of the mutilatecd tree upon the stock of another pinns )irea of the same age, whi.h was luckily in the ground, cand the graft hina turned out quite a triumph of its Skind, On the anniversary of the Prinee's birthday, the newly grafted tree, together with eleven others, nas planted within a, large circular enclosuro erected for' the pur Ipose, nd coI?nsisting of a neat palisade fence. The twelve commemorativn, trees thus enclosed now form oneof the principal fletures in the park, and attracted the no tice of the numerous visitors who patronisudl the town on the Prinec's birtlda): y; an event wliich, it is needless to shy, wnis loyally ob. nerred in Parriamattlo, both by the closing of all tin principal places of tusiness, and the hoistilng of much pnrticoloured bunting in different quarters of the borough. PnOTESTANT POLITICAL ASSOCIATION. The usual weekly meeting of the nfemnbers of this association was held last evening, at the Bathurst.stroeet schoolroomn. Thoe chair was occupied by Mr. John Davies, prosi dent of the assooiution. The minutes of the previous meeting were read nd con. firmed. The secretary, Mr'. G. LI. Wilson, then read the report of the coulcil, in which it was stated tllat a brmueh of the nassoeisa. tioln bad bee established at Newtown; that tie names of seveuty.fivo members, lwho had been left off the citizLen's list, had bean forwarded to the Town Hall; and that the Orange Lodge had signilled their willingness to do-operate with the Piotes. tant Political Association. About 150 - additional members were initiated. The chairman drew atteuntion to a letter which bad been written by Mr, W. Forster, ru,. pCeeting the Treason Felony Act. Ha mainltained that the not did not in any manner interlbro with the liberty of the subject more than any other enunctment did, lbut was absolutely necessary to tlhe present condition and rcquirements of the colony. Mr. William uaguiro made a few remarks with reference to the neessity of formilig branch associations in East and West Syd. ney, and at other places, after which the business of the mooting was concluded with threoo cheeoors for thle Queon.--Snturday's Herald. ' TiUNDacOnnao ' AoAIN.--Frotl the Inove. roll correspondent of the Armidate Exps'reas nwe learn that the notorious -Ward, alial:. Tlihunderbolt, han been behaving infamously.:. on the stations between 8Armidalo and In. roroll, After sticking iup a stition on ,the Paradise Creek run, end tanlking- a horse: therefrom, hle paid a visit to Moredui run, stickink ullan out station about five miles from thie hend station, whbro e seems to;. lnhave mnt with very cold recoption., An hour afterwards we hear of him eight miles fronm tihe plao be litrst stuek up,, robbing a .. p0or' Chininaini of his notes, Camping out side the head station paddock fance, hle ap propriated twb of the best station horses to his use, but which wore, fortunately, after. wardsrocovered. Thlo good peopl of More-* ' dun, however, woren not exactly disposed to' put up wFith tihe desperado's Iperformances,, . for next day they turned. out armed to.the tcoth, and rode all day in pursuit; but the buslmrngdr had made off to his old liunts at the bend of thn' Macintyro,. ExTRoitODINAn ] E0soAl.--Thi -lathstrdle - Free Press contains thie following 'prgra.' grIph :--On Friday nftornoon last :.Mr. , t Josephl West, jin, was driving towards his . reaidcnod at Macquairio Plains,,and on the road observed a cart bottom upwards with. the horso's heels ulpwards in the slhaft the" hlorse had apparently lexhaustod itself in its ' : olobrts to rise; and was comparatively quitet. Mr. West shouted to ascortain if any perl son was near, and receiving no roply ' innginodthlat some peroson might possibly,. .: be under the eart seriously injured or per lhaps Illlod; bie thorofore got out of his buggy and soon fourid that a man itid his' t . illo wore lying asleep under the vehicle, Ho as speedily as possible uniastoned thel tail.board: of the eart, and w'ithi coinsider, ' able difihulty succeeded in pulling-the man : out by kthe legs. The wtoman was after, - wards got out, and a stranger pneasing by :: assisted Mr, WVest to got tb holrse released c'nd the cart fixed upot its whlools, It ap. punrod that the mhan and his wvife ore going to Oeaolnell, and having taken tood' ' many ."woo draps of the crater," were unable to guido. the horso i the cart, cOnse.: : quontlv, appronching too close to the fence,: wasupot,andthioe passongers buried unidorit. TIe stranget parlt'of tihoaffair is, that not . sithlatinding thie lhelpless condition of the o , man arid his wife, they were neither of them. at'all inijured,. 'Tuti FlEcUDOb CoUNT.-]By the arrivRnl of thb'ateamneor Saxonia, 'sonime further intelli... genco has reached Sydney of the sayitgs .... and the doings of th ie osedo Counlt Von Attoma, the owner of thie yacht Hamlcet' Ghost, The yaolt arrived at Cleveland Bay on the 28th July, nid tibe adventurer wan lionised to tile extreme. He was its a guest lwhom every one delighlted to honiour on board the Saxonin, spoke piatrolisingl] of his Sydney friends, and a tlnunuIncd his intcntiou of nconpletiig Ilis cruise by roe turuiug to Port Jaolisol oi tile 3rd institat, as hlo expected an Austrian wnr vessel would shortly call at the station to cooaty ? himn to Europe,-Empfire, 1 