WOLF HUNT IN THE SOUTH OS' SPAIN. \- (From, Land and Water.)' - { Owing to the severity of the winter the wolves have been Exceedingly daring; and having extended their ravages as far as Alora, a town not more than forty miles from Malaga, the inhabitants of the district fixed the* 26th , February for a grand battue for'the extermination of the aggressors. The local papers called upon the 44 flower of the youth of Malaga'' to show their patriotism and bravery by joining in the battue, but the " flower of Malaga " was rather suspicious of a hoax, and moreover, those who had been to similar battues entertained what I am now compelled to admit, was, a well-founded apprehension of the bullets which would be flying in far too great abundance for comfort. To those Englishmen who had long suffered the deprivation of excitement, this opportunity of witnessing a highly picturesque gathering was too good to be missed, especially as by all reports there were a lots of wolves." So on the previous afternoon we took train for Cordova, and from the number of fellow-psssengers ^equipped for sporting, we at first imagined that the " flower of Malagahad responded to the call, but all dropped off short of our station, with the exception of one very old soldi#, who got out with us, and wended his way lip the steep hill, on the summit of which stands the picturesque town of Alora. Those who wish to read the romantic account of siege, heroic defence, and capture of this fortress during the wars against the Moors, I would refer to the glowing pages of Prescott's " Ferdinand and Isabella." Carefully avoiding the Fonda near the station we put up in a small posado in the town, passing a pleasant evening in the society of the abovementioned vieux militaire, who was well known as an old Carlist and revolutionary leader ■ indeed, he bad no right to be alive at all, as his name is included.in the list on the monument erected here to the memory of those shot in the affair of G-eneral Tarrijo in 1831. It was such a wholesale massacre that one victim more or less didn't matter, and somehow he managed to escape. Although nearly seventy years of age, be was si ill a very keen sportsman, and the following morning he was up before daybreak, and, without waiting for any one, he struck off in a bee line for the place appointed for the meet. We also were upbetime, and, accompanied by an intelligent Aloran, well known to one of our party, we set off for the rendezvous. ■ As we entered the hill country, from every side mountaineers in picturesque costumes were flocking to the meet, and far up each rocky gorge we could discern knots of men from the neighbouring villages forming part of the encierro. The main points of union were at the entrance of one of the railway tunnels at the head of a wild ravine, and again at the bend of the River G-uadalorce, several hundred feet below. We selected the upper station; the alcalde arrived with his gathering ; there was a deal of discussion, and we learned that up to the previous evening five wolves were knowu to be inclosed within the cordon. As some time must necessarily elapse before the circle narrowed sufficiently for sport we set out to walk through the tunnels to a spot called El Chorro, and on emerging from the second tunnel found ourselver in the midst of scenery of the utmost wildness. In front of us was a wall of rock upwards of 2000 feet in height; below us was the river, and the half- dozen houses com~ posing the El Chorro in,front of which a grand triangular penon of rock shot up nearly 1000 feet above its neighbours. Several eagles were soaring around, and a pair came sufficiently near for me to recognise Aquila Bondh ; X also thought that 1 caught a glimpse of trypaetos barbatus. The Chorro itself is a gorge through which the Guadalorce cuts its way, and which is again intersected by a chasm barely 40 feet in width. Whilst contemplating this scene we heard the sound of the "caracoles," or mountain horns, announcing the approach of the beaters and we hastened to retrace our step. Scarcely had yre passed the village when a great cinerons vulture (V. Monachus) swept over our heads, then another, and another, ten, a dozen ; <%the cry was still they come then Ben^llis eagle, a pair of golden eagles—the rich chocolate brown and smoothness of plumage of the last contrasting with the raggedness of the vulture ; last of all, a noble griffin (V. Julvus). Hitherto we had been firing with shot without causing any effect beyond a slight shiver, for at the distance which they maintained the shot could have done little more than tickle /them through their thick feathers, but this xuddy-thighed griffin cost me a bullet I could ill spare—alas! without result. From all parts of the country these larger Raptores came flocking up, and at least fifty were on the wing at one time. " But the volves," Borne one will say. Well, Pm coding to them. We didn't get to them ourselves blithe afternoon. When-we got back to our. posts the circle was much narrowed; everyone was on the /pu vive ior signs of our quariy. A quarter of an ho urof excitement elapsed, the shouting beaters came nearer and nearer; a.single shot rang out, followed by a brisk fire along the whole line of the batiks of the stream, as ' a fine.wolf, after sneaking op to the very last moment, made a bolt to cross the shallows. But hiB time was up—-he was too. much surrounded. Reeling from a shot in the flank, he tried another point in vain; a welldirected ballet behind the shoulder rolled him over, and he gave up his grim ghost on the margin of the stream. He was a huge dog wolf,..as fat as it is In a wolf's nature- to be, and the man who carried the, corpse up the hill staggered under it, though u stalwart fellow enough. As every one within a hundred yards of the spot where the wolf broke over had let his gun off, there was an animated discussion as to the right to the spoils. One seized the wolf by the head, another by a leg, another by the brush; indeed, a regular Homeric battle seemed impending, but the alcalde made his appearance on the scene, thej men of Alora prevailed, and they carried off the carcase in triumph. And this was the result of our grand battue. Three of the five wolves had got through owing to the bad management and the natural difficulties of the ground. The she-wolf broke cover at a ; weak point, and, though wounded effected her j escape. As she was said to be in cub, long and loud were the curses heaped on her; still it was a matter of congratulation for the J herdsmen that the survivors had at least received a fright which would keep them in their fastnesses for some time to come. Homeward was now the word, and we returned to Alora well satisfied with our day's sport. 