TEtmHAPHIC. (Fro* til* Courier.) Bowar. — Tuesday. ? The nomination for the Kennedy took place here to-day. The Mayor, Mr. W. Clarke, proposed Mr. Fitzgerald, and Mr. J. A. Gregory seconded his nomination. There being no other candidate, Mr. Fitzgerald was declared duly elected. — The wet season seems to hare set in, as we hare been favoured with a good deal of rain since Saturday last. Svdnev. — Wednesday— The want ot confidence motion was negatived by a majority of four.— Mr. Garrctt has been elected Chairman of Committees in the Assembly. — The Government have brought in a bill for the re-enactment of the stamp duties, which is likely to pass through all its stages to night. The Parliament will then adjourn uutil January 5. ' Melbooeke— Wednesday. —The E. M.S. Bombay, left the Bay during the night. Adelaide. — Wednesday. — Parliament has ad journed until January 5. — The Northern Expedition baa sailed.— Wheat is quoted at 4s. Id. per bushel ; and flour from £10 10s. to £11 10s. per ton. * Waewick — Thursday. — The bazaar in aid of the Presbyterian Church was successful. The amount realised from two nights' sales was £200. — The weather is oppressively hot. Bowbn— Thursday. — At a public meeting, held last night, the sum of £1000 was guaranteed, by a number of residents present signing a bond, for the discovery of a gold-field near IJowen. — The weather has cleared up. Grass is springing fast. Svdnev— Thursday. — The City of Brisbane leaves witb the Queensland portion of the English mail to morrow morning — The Stamp Act has passed the Parliament, ana the House in adjourned until Jau uarjrS. — The Yarra Yarra, s., has arrived.— Wei lington papers report another tight with the rebels ; the natives lost fifty, slid the colonist troops only six.— A great fire has takou place at Tiniaru. The greater part of the town is destroyed. Melbourne- Thursday. — There is a split in tbe Cabinet. Messrs. Higiubothaw and Francu* have retired. The outgoing mail for England will close at tbe Toowoomba Office at 3 'SO on Tuesday next. The Eev. Matthew M 'Gavin, of Brisbane, is an nounced to preach to-morrow in St. Stephen's Church. Service was held in St. Luke's Churcli on Christ mas Day, the Revda. F. C. Jagg and T. V. Alkin officiating. A very impressive sermon was preached from Isaiah 9th and 6th—' For unto us a child is born ; unto tts a son is given.' The offertory, which was announced to be in aid of the Sunday School, amounted to the very satisfactory sum of £9 lGs. After the service the Incumbent gave away the prizes gained by the children, accompanying each u ith an appropriate address to tbe recipient. The children were then regaled with buns and dismissed. The distribution of prizes to the scholars at St. Luke's School took place on Wednesday evening last. There was a good number of visitors present, and the children appeared to bo delighted with the large show of prizes provided for them from the pro ceeds of the late amateur entertainment. Previous to the distribution, the Chairman, Mr. \V. H. Groom, ML. A., delivered a short address to the children, and then read over the prize-list, which consisted of 34 for the boys, and 26 for the girls. At the close of the proceedings cheers were heartily given to the ladies and gentlemen who had assisted in raising the prize fund. The Sale of Gifts in aid of the funds of St. Stenheu'a Presbyterian Church is. we are (dad to hear, likely to be very successful, half the required amount already having been raised. The sale will continue this evening aad Monday evening, and, in the event of many of the valuable articles still re maining unsold, on Tuesday evening. Some live stock, farm produce, a plough, wheelbarrow, &c;, &c;, still remain unsold. Tub sale of the Grand Stand, Booths, and Gates will take place at Mr. S. O. Dexter' s auction room, on Monday next, at noon. In addition to the crowd of contented and happy looking holiday keepers which thronged our streets on Christmas eve, we have heard of a still more convincing proof of better times, which is, that the various clergymen of the town were busily engagad from an early hour yesterday, in binding auy number of happy couples in the bonds of matri mony. During the last few days we have been shown some very excellent samples of Toowoomba grown potatoes, and, from their appcarauce, it seems that the introduction of new seed has produced a favour able change in the character of this esculent. The Toowoomba potatoes have not lately enjoyed a very high reputation as 'good boilers,' but the produce lately brought into the market has shown a very decided improvement in this respect. The Secretary of the Draytou and Toowoomba Agricultural Society has favored us witb a view of the bronze medal and certificate awarded to that Society for their exhibits of wheat aud barley by the Commissioners of the Queensland Exhibition, 18C6. The medal is a beautiful specimen of Wyous' best work, and is really valuable as a work of art. The bust of the Queen is executed in very bold relief, and the likeness is the best we have seen for many years. The obverse bears several representations of the principal vegetable products of the colony, sur rounded by the words— 'fife labor hint tandem fortes eperati coloni,' which, being fully interpreted, we are given to understand that patient industry may henoeforth look for distinction. The certificate is a very elegant lithograph, executed by Mr. Ham of the Government Printing Office. On the sides are allegorical representations of peace and plenty, and at the foot of the certificate, signed by Colonel O'Connell, are several views of cotton plantations, sugar factories, fto. The whole is surrounded with a very handsome border, in the centre of which is a medallion portrait of the Queen. We have been frequently requested to draw attention to tnenuseraoie 'nxings ot tue waiting room at Che Railway Station. We managed to hunt it op a day or two since, and the recollections of a slave pea we once saw in New Orleans furnished a very good comparison, with ? trifling balance, perhapB, in favor of the jien. On reference %o our advertising columns it will be found that a few alterations (have been made in the race programme. The Ladies' Purse, on the first day, has been increased «rom £10 to £20, and the New Year's Gift has been translated into the Town Plate of twenty-five sovereigns, weight for age, in stead »f handitap weights. On the second day, in stead of the Voowoomba Handicap, * Hack Hurdle Bm has been provided in addition to the Town Cup Handicap. The entries for tbe various events will dose on Wednesday. The cap, which is a very handsome piece of plate, is now mi view at Mr. R. J. Barry's saddlery establishment' Ir will be seen by our advertising list, that a new medical gentleman ha* come forward to supply tbe vacancy caused by the departure of Dr. Stacy. Dr. Anderson is reported to occupy a prominent posi tion fa his profession, which has been strengthened by txtenrivi practioe, and we have no doubt but that In will meet with that tueccn which bis ability A tin little fellow. paffcetiy deaf toA dumb, wandered «mt to llr. Pe Oraches, to th»gi«-fittd» rotd, on Wednesday last Theboyeameaobbiagto the daw abort tight o'clock in lie evening, mi was fauwdfately taken in tad wmtotted, as Was it was passible. Belaqafte mnkaofm in that jusjfa tartktflHN tjfettjbli. to dUoeveThi. ImtdslimMyctbsefettsMaKs&L; afir : SoifE valuable information on the cultivation of the vine appears in another column, and the hints famished for the benefit of our local vignerous should receive some attention at the coming vintage. On Monday, 28th December (Saint John's Day), the installation of the Worshipful Master and Officers of the Darling Downs Lodge of Harmony, will take place at the Masonic Lodge, Ruthveu- street. The banquet in honor of tbe above will take place at half past seven, p.m. Report of Patients in Toowoohei Hospital for the week ending December 23th, 18GS : — M. F. In Hospital last report .. .. ... 21 3 Since admitted ? . . ... 2 0 Discharged ? .. ... 1 0 Died ? l o Remaining in hospital ? 21 3 Receiving out-door medical relief, 6 adults aud 3 children. Drs. Becker and Huberts will be tbe visit'ng surgeons for the next week. The Hospital Committee have to acknowledge the receipt of the following Christmas gifts, and to return thanks for same :— From Messrs. Falkiner and Lord, a lamb ; Messrs. F. H, Hutberton and Co., some currants, flour, sugar, spice, candied peel, aud one dozen jam ; Messrs. Stevens and Co., a case assorted fruit, suiue raisins, uaudiud peel, and bot tled fruit ; Mr. lluorge Hooper, 1 dozen ale and porter, 1 lb. tobacco, and some currants ; Mr. Wagner, Borne milk ; Mr. H. llatton, a leg of pork; Mr. Little, some lamb, veal, aud roast of beef ; Mr. Tant, a cwt. of potatoes ; Mr. Joseph Wondcrley, Mayor, half -dozen bottles of porter. We are scarcely prepared to admit that the air of Toowoomba exercises any very important influence on tbe gormandising powers of its inhabitants, but if we drew our conclusions from tbe preparations made by the butchers aud grocers for satisfying the public appetite on Christinas Day, we should cer tainly be compelled to vote with the ayes on a divi sion. The display of beef and other delicacies made by Messrs. Little and Campbell was quite up to the Christmas standard, aud almost sensational in abun dance. Messrs. Hattou aud Kirk exhibited some monster specimens of sheep and lambs, and eaeh establishment seemed to be overcome with the mag nitude of tbe public wants. The grocers and fruit erers held out a variety of temptations for indul gence ' aftur the beef,' and seemed to receive a very satisfactory share of public patronage. The result of the polling for East Morcton was declared on Thursday, at the hustings, outside the Police Court, Brisbane :— Jordan, 3G.') ; Blake, 198; majority for Jordan, IC5. Although the mid-day heat has been somewhat oppressive during the last few days, there lias yet been pleasant cool breezes in the evening, whi ,'h bave rendered the Christmas holidays somewhat enjoy able. From the appearance of the streets on Christ mas eve, we should imagine that there are a lar-'c number of visitors conje down for a littlo relaxation, and we Bliould be glad to see line weather for the races. TnE preliminary investigation into the charge of attempted murder against Bowerman was concluded on Tuesday, when the prisoner was committed for trial at the assizes which commence on the first of March next. He reserved his defence, and appeared to treat the charge with cool indifference. TnE Courier has received information tbat a Prus sian, named L)u Bee, was shot nt tbe One- mile vreeK, uympic, uu mesuay eveuing, uy a man call ing himself Frank Fisher. The unfortunate man is not expected to recover, aiid it has been deemed necessary to .take his depositions. The police are in pursuit of Fisher, whose conduct in the affair is as yet inexplicable. Tub Maryborough Chronicle of the 19th says :— ' Yesterday a driy loaded with about fifty kegs of gunpowder stood opposite one of our stores in Kent street, for a considerable time, in the middle of the day, without auy tarpnuliu or utUer covering what ever. Such carelessness aud utter disregard of the safety of human life and property ought not to be suffered in our streets with impunity.' When the Maryborough Chronicle described the hailstorm as ' a belt of congealed precipitation,' we thought it had exhausted all its originality in des cription. We have, however, found the following in a late issue : — 'Oold is a capricious and versatile genii, who loves to fling himself at the head of those who seek him least, and to floe into labyrinthian recesses from the pursuit of the diligent and perse veriug.' We learn from the Cnurier, that Mr. John Bourne, the contractor for the Brisbane Bridgo, was adjudi cated insolvent on Wednesday, by His Honor the Chief Justice, upon the petition of Mr. James Cairns, Official Liquidator of the Dank of Queensland. The alleged act of insolvency upon « liioh the petition was based, was the inability of Mr. Bourne to point out, when required by the Sheriff to do so, Buflicient disposable property to satisfy a writ otfi.fa. issued upon a judgment obtained by the Bank of Queens land against Mr. Bourne, for about f 34,524. In reference to the report that the yacht ' Ham let's Ghost' had been obtained by Count Von Attems on bills, Mr, George Harris, of Brisbane, has ad dressed the following letter to the Sydney Empire : — 'I observe in your issue of the 27th ult. a state ment relative to ' the person calling himself Count Von Attems,' in which the fallowing paragraph occurs: — 'We may presume, therefore, that the Hamlet's Ghost has been put out of commission and laid up in ordinary, and it is uot impossible that she may yet find her way back to her disconsolate owner, in Brisbane, who would, no doubt, be glad to give back in exchange tbe bills which he has not found at all exchangeable.' As the former owner of the Hamlet's Ghost, I beg to inform you that I disposed of that vessel for cash before deli very ; and, as neither myself nor my firm had any paper transactions with the pscudo count, I have no reason to fetl disconso late, but am, on the contrary, perfectly satisfied. ' The Gladstone Observer complains of the insuffi cient protection given to that district, and says : — 'The blacks, Charlie and Peter, who murdered tbe sailor on the Kroombit, have since been seen on one of the stations, and might have been captured long ago had the native police been sent to the locality. This state of things has been growing ever since the removal of the troopers some years ago. Surely it was unwise to remove the native police altogether without arranging for an occasional patrol. Unless active measures are immediately instituted by the police authorities, we shall soon hear of further atrocities on a much larger scale. In Queensland we seem in too many cases to be always looking the stable door after the horse is gone. Will nothing short of a repetition of the Hornet Bank or Nogoa tragedies demonstrate our immediate need of pro tection?' A CORRESPOSDEST of the BaUarat Courier con veys his opinion of the Gympie diggings : — ' There were upwards of eight hundred of what were called reefs opened op, but in reality they were nothing more than spurs or leaders ; in fact, there is Hot what a Victorian would call » reel in tbe entire of Gympie, and fve hundred of these were abaadaned last month, after months of hard wort and several thousands of pounds had been expended on them. There an may four reefs on all Gympie in which payable gold was found, namely, toe Lady Mary, Caledonian, Moncklsad, «ad the New Zealand. And there is only a few claims on each reef, every ounoe ef gold front which fully costs £30. [This estimate applies to the capital un=uoeessMl» invested in other reefs]. Then is not a single rood «f gronod in aad around (tympte for ? radial; 4t ?fay soils* that has not Iwen thonrnghty rtoiq peeked by Victorian and New Zealand capital and ' mmssdfovndnot topay.' . , The Courier of Wednesday reported the mysterious disappearance of a girl darned Emma Bleak She was in the Bern.* of Mr. Joseph rUyncs. at li.ver terrase, South Brisbane. On Honday evening, about seve!i o'clock, she left the hou e, and nothing was hean] of her uutil Wednesday ev -uing, when she i was found dead in the Brisbane River, nearly o)ipo- , site tbe residence of her late employer, Mr J. , Bay lies, South Brisbane. Tbe body was found float- , ing on the surface, but not the slightest clue as to ; the cauxe of death has yet been obtained. The j-oor ' girl »as an orphan, and had no relations in tbe colony. 