THE 8ENDI0O ADVERTISER PUBI.lMllKli If A It.T rROaRIIIIOK, OtlH KlflHTi, A«r» OUR UCtOI'Hi; I'.i SANDHURST, TUESDAY, MARCH 31, JS6S. THE COLIBAX WATER SCHEME. Tbe old saying has it that there is a. time for everything, and ire think that the present is not the time for commencing an agitaiion with regard to the Coliban Scheme of Water Supply. It is possible, without concurring in the opinion oi some of the members of the committee which met on Friday evening at the Town Hall, that the present movement with regard to this I question of water supply is instigated by a feeling oi hostility to the M'Culloch Administra tion and a desire to damage -Mr. Maegregor to think that the time is bo inopportune as to show J a great -want of discretion on the part of those who have initiated it. There is but one opinion m the district as to the importance of the project, and of the necessity of pushing it a-head with all possible vigor. The latter is the object oi the resuscitated movement, but it is more than doubtful whether anything can at present be done to facilitate it. What good purpose is likely to be effected by the deputation which has been appointed to have an interview with the Minister of Mines on this subject ? The Ministry, like Mahomet's coffin, is now "im pended in mid-air. It holds office, only pending the appointment of its successor. Mr Mae gregor, therefore, is not in a position to say much. He can give no promises since a week hence he might not be in the position to give them effect. He may certainly make some things connected with the past plainer, and show to the satisfaction of the committee hovr it is that greater progress has not been achieved, and why at the present moment matters have come to something like a stand-still. But good taste will, we apprehend, make him very reticent, as he will be anxious to avoid in any way binding or embarrassing a possible successor. On the subject of there being a deficiency oi funds, or at least an inadequacy of tunds to cany on the works with all the energy that could be desired, he can tell the deputation nothing that they do not know. We are all familiar with the fact that it is the difficulty connected with the -Darling Grant which has prevented the depart ment being in possession of sufficient money to prosecute the works as they undoubtedly om-hi to have been prosecuted. Those -who think the Government wrong with regard to that grant will, of course, hold them responsible for tne want of money. They will argue that, but ^®oour3e they have pursued with regard to that difficulty, Mr. Yerdon would long since have gone to England as Agent-General and effected the loan, which is the one thing needful. But it this point is introduced into the question then the affair will at once be imbued with I ?i°til a5pect' and color to the charge that the revived movement is of a political nature. The fact is staring the committee in the face that at present there is neither govern meut nor legislation. The dead-lock that has been so long talked about is now a dead- lock indeed. The Assembly meets again to-day, but certainly not to proceed with business. If a new Ministry comes into office it cannot be at once pressed to express its views with re"ard to a water supply. The present water move ment therefore seems extremely ill-advised. Mr. Maegregor might not unfairly refuse under the circumstances to acquiesce in the request of the committee for an interview for the deputation. He might object to concede what might result in a handle being afforded those who are inimical to the M'Culloch Administration. A wish to do nothing discourteous will probably deter him from taking a course which the posi tion of public affairs wouJd justify, for it is an unheard of thing to approach a Minister with regard to so important a subject under such peculiar circumstances. At present he is not a Minister, using the term in its usual accepta tion, but the locxvrn. iemns for some one else who may be a Minister. If any practical result could ensue from the despatch of the deputa tion its obvious impropriety might perhaps be disregarded. That Mr. Yerdon was not em- : powered when in England to place a loan that would meet all requirements, was, no doubt, a great blunder—we have expressed that opinion before—and, no doubt, the Ministry have long since arrived at the same conclusion Is view of political difficulties, the duration of which it was impossible to surmise, it was no less a blunder on the part of the Cabinet not to have negotiated the loan now required without the assistance of Mr. Yerdon. But both these things are beyond remedy. The position of the deputation then is this—they cannot undo the past, and they cannot influence the present. What would have been more rational than for them to await the future ?—a future of a few weeks. But there is another point. Who set the committee going ? People do say that the ex planation of the Budden activity of the old1 organization is to be found in the movements of certain contractors, who are anxious to be fingering some of the money in the treasury; It may be that rumor in this instance deserves the character for lying which usually apper tains to her. Or it may be : that none of the committee are aware that they are being made tools of, or again, thatjonly some of them are. All this, however, goes to Bhow that the movement is far from ;i felicitous one. It is regarded with suspicion, and the time selected for its revival is assuredly inopportune. From the deputation we suppose there is now no means of receding, but that got over the com mittee "trill do well to restrain any further exercise of its energies till a more convenient season. The Ministerial Association*.—A meeting of the Ministerial Association was held last night at the View Point Hotel. There were between thirty and forty members present. A considerable amount of business in connection with the present crisis was transacted, and the following important resolution was passed unanimously and with declamation. " That this association is of opinion that the M'Culloch Ministry and the Legislative | Assembly should faithfully adhere to the issue put before the country at the recent election, and enter into no arrangement by which the decision of the country, as expressed at the ballot box, is sought to be set aside." ) Tub Phices or Hat isD Grai.v.—In our quo tations of the retail prices for hay and grain, in the ! Advertiser of yesterday, by an inadvertence the ) wrong figures were given. In another portion ( of our columns in to-day's issue the error is rectified. The Maribtbsosg Stdd Distribution.— We see by advertisement that Messrs L. Mac pherson and Co have been so fortunate as to secure from Adelaide a dozen tickets for the Maribyrnong Stud Distribution. There were only twenty-five allotted to this district, which were at once disposed of, and the present oppor tunity will be the last afforded, as the drawing tabes place on the 6th proximo. The ' Weather.—Yesterday morning several smart showers of rain fell, but in the afternoon the rain cleared off. The evening was cold and damp but the sky was clear. The thermometer registered in the shade at Messrs Joseph and Co's, Pall as follows:—9 a.m, 53"; noon, 55°; 3 p.m, 58°; 6 p.m, 55°; maximum, 59"; minimum during the previous night, 50°. Barometer 29'60°. Cricket.—The match between Maldon aDd the B.U-C.C. is to be played on the ground of the former on Wednesday, and the team to represent Bendigo is as follows:—Brown. Boyle, Bruce, Berwick, Brotherton, Barrell, W. l)aly, Glen, Midwinter, Raynor, Webb; reserve, Mackay; umpire, Mr Watson ; scorer, Mr Walter. The Bendigonians start for Maldon from the Shamrock Hotel at six o'clock in the morning. White Hills Popdlab Readings.—The course of popular readings at the White Hills, as stated by advertisement, will be continued on the 2nd April. Several novelties, we understand, will be introduced. Ltceum Theatre.—At this place of amuse ment last evening there was a tolerably good audience. The pit and. stalls had a very fair sprinkling of visitors, and the boxes and circle were not so deserted a« they generally are. The programme was the same as that of Saturday evening, and the hearty and abundant applause of the audieuce testified to the excellence of the various artistes. Miss kiddle was called before the curtain at the termination of each of her songs, the applause being more expressive for her rendering of " Love's Request." Mr J. H. Melvyn received a heaTty encore for " Shall I, wasting in despair," and he also sang with very good taste " Silver Shining Moon." The comic songs and uegro delineations of Mr Bent created great amusement, and Mr L. Norman's piano solos were something that one could sit and listen to with pleasure. The same company will appear this evening, with an entire change of programme. The Bee-hive Stores.—In our advertising columns will be found a notice in which Messrs James Buick and Co announce that they have purchased the stock and premises of Messrs Francis Brothers, and have removed into the new premises, where they will conduct their business for the future. They thank their numerous cus tomers for the support accorded them, and state their determination to continue to merit that support. The principles upon which they will conduct their business are stated, and there is also an intimation that the stock will be replenished with new winter goods, and that they will be pre pared to supply wholesale customers. We have no doubt that the business tact and energy which have characterised Messrs Buick and-Co will secure them that patronage in their neiv pre mises which they have hitherto received at View Point, and also the patronage of Messrs Francis Brothers' customers. Volunteer Mesis—Last evening a very large attendance of members of our local rifles took place at the Orderly-room, for the usual weekly drill, when Sergeant O'Meara exercised the men for some two hours, principally in the new light infantry drill, preparatory for the anticipated in spection by i staff officer. Previous to the drill, an inquiry took place before the officers of the corps, anent a charge that had been laid against a member for falling out of the ranks during parade last Thursday, without permission. The mem ber (who had been previously placed under arrest, and had handed in his rifle, uniform, and accoutre ments) was present, and stated that he had fallen out through a misunderstanding, being under the impression that leave had been accorded him. After an investigation into the facts of the case, and a severe reprimand from Captain Taylor, who stated his intention of maintaining the discipline of the corps, the delinquent was handed back his uniform; and reinstated. On Thursday next, pnrade will take place at half-past five, on which occasion Lieutenant Colonel Bull will be present, and it is anticipated that there will be a full attendance. Lecture on Baptism.—A lecture was delivered last night in the Town Hall, Eaglehawk, by Mr D. Allen, Baptist Minister, the subject of which was "Immersion and not Sprinkling the Scriptural and Apostolic mode of Baptism." About 100 persons were present, and Mr Avery occupied the chair. The lecturer quoted from the early fathers to prove that only adults who believed had a claim to be baptised, and that the mode was by dipping or plunging the whole body in the water, j A number of the same authorities were named who did not mention anything about infant baptism, and hence the lecturer concluded that it was unknown in those days. In the second century of the Christian Era the lecturer said the mode of baptism by dipping was first a«sailed, and al?o about t'je same time minor, not infant baptism, was allowed. These innovations on the established system were accompanied by the introduction of other strange doctrines, such as annotating with oil and with spittle, laying on of Hands, and limbo or purgatory. There was no record of infant baptism until the third century, when an Emperor had his child ■ baptised. That dipping was the proper modi-, and that the thing dipped must be wholly im mersed the lecturer quoted, as proof, sixteen in stances from the ceremonial law of the Jews, where hyssop, birds, dishes, the finger, &e;, were dipped, and contended that the same Hebrew and Greek word, signifying that these things should be dipped or immersed, was the word used when applied to the baptism of believers, hence he ; argued that believers should be wholly immersed. Five instances from other portions of the Old J Testament were aivea—Ntaraan, the Syrian, among them—where the thing or person mentioned was dipped. To allow the lecturer a rest a collec tion was made. Resuming the'discourse, seven instances were quoted from the New Testament in support of the,lecturer's views, and be then in formed his audience that he would, give sixteen instances from Greek lexicons for a similar pur pose, but there was such a general move to the door, on the part of the audience, that the instances were passed over, and the- lecturer then referred to baptism by John and by Phillip, to show that they dipped the believers in the water. He also alluded to the baptism of the Holy Ghost on the day of Pentecost, and said that the rushing night wind which came and filled the house in which the. ; disciples were assembled was that 'baptism,' and' that tbey were wholly surrounded or immersed in it. The lecture lasted for a couple of hours, and at its conclusion votes of thanks were accorded to the chairman and the lecturer, when the meeting closed. . . - : ; 