THE LATE MISS HOLLINGFORD. ' [from all the year rouxd.] * . CHAPTER I. A dear old Jady tells us this story in the late autumn evenings. -N»w tho harvest is in, huge haycocks shelter the gable, tho honey is straiued and- put by in jars, tbe apples are riponod and storod ; the Iog3 begin to sputter and singiin the big parlor at evening, hot cakes to steam on the tea-table, aud tho pleasant lamp-lit hours to spreao. tuemseivea. indoor things begin to have meaning looks of their own, our limbs grow quiet, add bur brains begin to work. The moora beyond the window take strango expressions in the twilight, and fold mysteries into theiifhojlows with tho shadows of the night. The maids in the kitchen sing wild ballads to oho another round tho ingle ; and when bno of us'young folks threads tho rambling passages above to fetch a stray thimble from one of the lavender-scented bedrooms, she'eomos back fly ing down the great hollow staircase as if a troop of -ghosts, were at her heels. It is the time to' enjoy a story, a true story, the story of a real life ; and here it ii as our dear old lady is tolling it to us. When I first learned, iny children, that I was the , ware! of ' my mother's early friend, Mr3 Hollingford, and was to live under her roof after rcy departure from school, I little thought' that a pla-je like Hillsbro' Farm was ever likely to be my homo. I was a con ceitod young person; and fond of giving myself airs. My father was colonel of his regiment, and I thought I had a right to look down on Lydia Brown, ? whoso fathor was in business, though she wore velvet throe inches deep upon her frocks, while mine had rio better trimming than worsted braid. I hud spent all my life at school, from the day when my father and mother kissed me for the last time in Miss Sweetman's parlor. I remember yet. my pretty mother's pale tearful face as she looked bEtck at me through the carriage window, and my own paroxysm'of despairing tears on the mat when the door was shut. After that I had a' pleasant enough life of it. I was a favorite at school, having a disposition to make myself and others as happy as I could. I required a good ; deal of snubbing, but wl en properly kept down I believe I was not a disagreeable girl. My Indian letters generally contained some bit of news to amuse or interest my companion's, and now 'and again captain or ensign somebody, home upon sickleave, called and presented him self in Miss Sweetman's parlor, with curious presents- for me, my mistresses, or favorite companions. I remember well the day when Major Guthrio arrived with the box of stuffed birdsi Miss Kitty Sweetman, our ' youngest and best-loved mistress, was sent on before me' to speak civilly to the gentleman in the parlor, and announce my coining. . Miss Kitty was the drudge of the school, tho sweetest drudge in the world. She was not so well informed as her elder sisters, and had to make up in the quantity of her teaching what it lacked in tho quality. She was fagged, and hunted, and worried from morning till night by all the small girls in the school. She would have boon merry if she had had time, and she was witty whenever she could get tho chance of being anything but a machine ; bnt she was not al ways happy, for I slept in her room, and I sometimes heard her crying in the night. As I remember her first she was young and pretty, but as time went ^ on she grew a little fnded, and a little harassed looking ; though I still thought hor sweet enough for anything. Woll, Miss Kitty went down to the major, and I, fol-! lowing close upon her heels, heard a little scream as I paused at the parlor door, and1 there when I went in was a bronzed-looking ? gentleman holding Miss Kitty's two hands in his, and looking in her face. And I could not care about the birds for thinking of it, and when we wont up to bed Miss Kitty told me that Major Guthrie was an old friend of her family, and that he bad said he would call again. And snroty enough he did call again ; and then it happened that the three Miss Sweetmans were invitod out to an evening party — a great event for them. I thought there was something very particular about it, and so I took care to dress Kitty with my own hands. She had a plain white dress, and I insisted on lending her my blue sash and coral necklace ; and when she was dressed she put her finger in her mouth, and asked, between laughing and crying, whether I could' further accommodate her with a coral and bells. Sho looked as young as anybody, though she would make fun of her self. And when sho came in that night, and saw my open eyes waiting for her,sho satdown on my bed and began to cry, and told me that Major Gathrio had asked her to marry him, and she was going to India as his wife. Then I heard the whole story ; how he had lovod her dearly long ago ; how her friends had re fused him because he was too poor, and she was too young ; how after he had gone off in a passion reverses had come upon them, and her siBtors had been obliged to open a school. And so Miss Kitty went out to India, and tho only thing that comforted rao for her loss was the fact that sho took with her the embroidered handkerchief for my mother, and the wrought cijar- case for my father, whioh it had taken my idleness a whole year to produce. Ah, me ! and my. eyes never beheld either of these three again : friend, father, nor mother. My first recollections of Mrs Hollingford are associated with plum-cake, birthdays, and bon bons. : I remember her — an erect, dignified looking lady in a long volvet cloak, and with a peculiarly venerable face, half severe, half benevolent. I used to feel a little nervous about speaking to her, but I liked to sit at a dis tance and look at hor. I had a superstition that she was tho most powerful uuiversal agent in existence ; that sho had only to say ' Lot there be plum- cake,' and immediately it would appear on the tablo ; or, 'This little girl re quires anew doll,' and at once a waxen chorub would repose in my arms. Tho Miss Swootmans paid her the greatest deference, and tho girls uaodto peep over tho blinds iu tho schoolroom at her handsome oamuge and powdored servants. I remember, when a littlo girl, presenting my self before Miss Sweotman ono day, and pop ping up my hand as a Bigu that I ?wanted to ask a question. ?' What is the reason, Miss Sweetman,' I asked, ' that Mrs Hollingford makes mo think of the valiant woman of whom wo wore reading in tho Biblo yostorday ?' Bnt Um §woetma« wag foiipy, anfi only puckered up hor mouth and ordered mo back to my. scat. Mrs Hollingford used to. take me on her knee and tell me of a little girl of hers who was at school fri France, and with wliom I was one day to be acquainted ; and a tall lad, who was htr s^n, used -tof call sometimes with bouquets for Miss Sweetman, or sugar-plums forme ; but I was neyer!iU her house, which I believed to bo a palacej,rior did I ever see Mr Hollingford, who' wasa^bankor in the City. After my twelfth birthday I saw them no more. I missed the periodical appearance of tho noble facb^ih the parlor. Miss Sjveetraan, with a very long face, told ine something- of tho breaking of a bank, ruin, and poverty. I was very sorry but I was too young to 'realise it 'much; and I went oh thinking - of Mrs .Hollingford, in troublo, no : doubt,1 arid^nfortuhatoly removed1 from me, but still going about in' tho world '.in her long velvet cloak and with .her haeds full ofplum-cnko. ' . ? '? ? 1 So my youth went on till I was sixteen, pretty well grown for my yoars; a little pert, a little proud, a littlo fond of tinsels and butterflies, a little too apt to make fun of niy noighbors, aiid to. believe that the sun had got a special com mission to shine upon me, but withal sympa thetic and soft hearted ' enough when iu my right senses, and, as I said before, not a bad sort of girl when properly kept down by a judicious sy3toin of snubbing. I had already begun to count the months to the happy time, two years honco, when, ' my education being finished, I should at last rejoin my parents in India; and I was.fond of describing all the beautiful things I would send as presents to tho frionds who had been Icind to me in Eng land. And then ono fearful day , came tho black letter bearing the terrible news which bowed my head in the dust, scattered. my girlish vanities, and altered all my fate for life. Every one in the house learned the news be fore me. I saw blank faces all around, and could only.guess tho cause, ,so careful were they to break it to me gradually^ For two dreadful dnyg they kept me on -tti^ rack of suspense, while I did not know; 'whether it was niy, father or mother who was dead, or whether both were.ill, or only one. But I learned all soon enough. There had . been a fever, and both were dead. , I wa,3an orphan, quite alone in the world. For three years after this, I re mained with the Miss. Sweetmans, during which time I had regained much of my old qneeriulness, and : also some degree of my natural pride and impertinence. My father and mother had been!to .ine'a!memory und a hope ; now they were a memory bniy. /Aftermy first grief and sense of desolation had passed, I went on with the routine of my days much, as . be foie. I did not miss ? my father and mother every honr as though I had lived under their roof and been familiar with their faces anil. caresses. But the bright ' expectation, of my youth was extinguished, and I suffered secretly a great yearning for theloye . wliichl had now no right to claim from any one. The time was fast approaching when I must take -my school books down from Miss Sweetman's shelves, pack up. my trunks and go forth among strangers. I had some property,' - more than enough for my needs, and; I-;was tord.well under theropf of iny guardian;.:^!? Hollingford. , In the meantime, I paid sp'v.eral visitsto the home of a wealthy schoolfellbw^-ly'ho had entered up? on fashionable life, and'wiiojwas eager to ; give me a taste of its delighted :bpf ore I.'yielded my self to the fate that 'yfa'^jijtf), store for me: ? I learned to dress .wit'btt&ijjgj;&tb; wear my hair in the newest style, and to waltz to perfection. But I could not go on paying visits for eyer, and the time arrived when I found it necessary to turn my back on lively, scenes and prepare, for the obscurity of Hillshro'. -This was a remote plaoe in the north country, from whence were dated all the letters addressed by 'Mrs Holling-' ord to me since .the time when she had become my guardian. . . /; :? ,: : I did not go to Hillsbro' farm in any unfair sta'to of ignorance as to; the present worldly position of its owners. Grace Tyrrell (my schoolfellow) waB carof al to lot me .know the' depth of the degradation towhich these friends of an old time had fallen from their onc9 high estate : also to make me aware- -of . the estima tion in which they were held by the people of her world. The idea of my going to Hillsbro' was ridiculed till I got angry, but not ashamed. ' Those poor Hollingfords !' said one lady.! ' I am sure it is very kind of you, Miss Dacre, to pay thorn a visit ; but .live with -them, my ? dear ! — you could not think of identifying your self with such people. Are you aware that . the fathor ruined numbers of people, absconded with his pockets .full of money, and never was heard of since ?' ' Yes,' said. I ; ' but I have nothing to do with Mr Hollingford. And I dare say if his wife had taken ill-gotten riches down to Hillsbro' with her, the police would have followed her before this;, for ~8he gives her- ad- dress quite openly.' ? : v.,-. I afterwards heard this jady telling Grace that her friend was avery pert young woman. I didnot mind,for, through fighting Mrs Holling ford's battles, I had come i tojthink that I loved her memory ; and I. tried, ,? to do eo for my mother's sake. ' It is not at all necessary to livo with a guardian,' said Grace. 'They say Mrs Hollingford makes butter and sells it ; and Frederick . says the son is a, mere ploughman. He is Mr Hill's agent ; Frederick mot him by chance, quite lately, when; hp w as shooting at Hillsbro'.' 'Agent, is 'he?' said I, mis chievously. ' Then I should think he must at least know how to read and write. Come, that is not so bad !' ' You will get the worst of it, Grace,' said Frederick Tyrrell, who was listening. 'Lucky fellow, Hollingford, to have such a champion !' So here I had better . explain to you, my dears, that Captain Tyrrell was, evon at this time, what old-fashioned people used to call a great beau of mine; that ho was fond of dangling about my skirts and picking up my fan. Nothing in6re on this subjoct is necessary hero. If you desire to know what ho is like, I refer you to an old water-color sketch of a weakfacod, washed-out looking j'oungman, with handsome features, and a high-collnrcd coat, whioh yon will find in on old portfolio up stairs, on the top sholf of tho wardrobe, in the lumber-room. It was done by Grace's own hand, a portrait of her brother, and presented to mo in thoso days. It has lain in that portfolio evor sinco. Though I fought for the Hollingfords, and would hear no word against them, I ilo confess that I safforod niuoh fear ns ? to how I should manage to accommodate- rnysoH to tbu life which I might find awaiting uio at Hillsbro' Form. That idea of tho bnUer-innking, for in Btanco, suggested a now train ol rofieotions. Tho imago of Mrs Hollingforil began to divest itself gradually of the long velvet cloak and majostiomoin whioh it had alwaya.woru in my mind, and I speculated as to. whether I might R°i fro ®?F??t^ $2 ^2 !? 0 etches; with &o; \ . . ? . . . '? L' i) . ? . farm-servants, and to assist with tho milking of tho cows. But I contrived to keep my doubts to myself, and went on packing my trunks with a grudging conviction that at least I was doing my duly. , And it is here, just when my packing 1 was half done, that t]ie strango, beautiful face of Rachel Leonard rises up to take its placo in my history. I was introduced to her by chance ; I did not know her story, nor that she had a story, nor yet that she was connected with any people whose intimate acquaintance I was likely to make in the future. ' ,.'.'.'-: We met at a small musical party, where, we had opportunities fer conversation.: She Wore a white Indian muslin, with a bunch of scarlet flowers in the bosom. Wo. were sitting in a softly lighted corner, and her figure was in re lief against a crimson curtain. Her face' waa oval and olive, with an exquisite mingling of warmth and purity, depth and delicacy, in its tone. Her dark hair was swept up to; the top of her headin a crown of braids as it was , then worn. Her eyes wore darJk grey, and very sweet, with a mysterious shadow: of sadnesa about them when her face was in^repose; yefc when they smiled they shone more thanlany eyes Ihavoover seen. 'Miss Dacre and Misa Leonard, I must make you acquainted,' said our hostess (the meddling lady whom I have already quoted on the subject. of the Holling ford misdemeanors). 'Ybuintend passing the wintor at Hillsbro', Miss Leonard?',' 'Yes,' replied Rachel ; ' I believe we shall be at .the hall about Christmas.' 'Ahland you hava never been there before ? I can assure you ifc is the most dreary place ; you will bo glad of a young: friond. in the neighborhood. Misa Dacre's whim is one. of . our amu3ement3 at present; She is going to Hillsbro'- to stay with a lady who is the. mother of : Mr Hill's agent.' 'Mrs Cowan?' said Miss Leonard, with a ladylike assumption of interest in 'the subject. 'Not at all, my dear ; , the i Cowana werewortby people,, but Mr. Hill Jias, changed his .agent. Have you not heard ? No, . of course. Hollingford is the name '.of these people. ,The father ,was , banker, the bank smashed, and ho ran away with large sums of money.'.; ,, . ' . ', I thought— nay, I. was, quite sure— that Misa Leonard started at. the. mention of, tho word Hollingford; and I also thought that she turned deathly pale,;, but she bent over her flowers at the moment, and the light was very iBubdued. No one else seemed. tq notice it,, so it is just possible I; may haye been mistaken. 'JMr Hill's new agent is, then, the son of Mr Hollingford, the banker ?' said Miss Leonard, after a pause. ' Idid not know, that they be longed to that part of the country.' ' Oh! I do not know, about that; but the mother and son have taken a farm there : lately, ;trying to ? make shift for themselves, poor things ! They say young Hollingford has some Quixotio ideas about paying some. of his father's liabi lities ; and if he has, I am sure it is very cre ditable to him. But I for. one am: inclined to doubt it. Bad conduct generally, runs in families.' 'Madam,' said I, with my cheeks gettting. very hot, ' Mrs, Hollingford was my . mother's dear friend.' ' Highty tighty, MiBa Dacre,' said the lady,' ' we never; know how our friends are going to turn out. . I say no thing but what is true. , And allow me to . warn,yqu,my dear, that if you persist in iden tifying yourself with such people you must make up your mind to hear them spoken of as they deserve.' ' Madam,' said I again, flashes of lightning now dancing before my eyes, I 'JT. am very sorry lever entered yotir house; and I will certainly never enter -it again.' Not waiting for more I made her a curtsey, and walked out of the room. I found the dressing-room where I had left my cloak, fully determined to go home at once, if I could only get the carriage. I had to wait some time, however, and whilst I sat alone the door opened and Rachel Leonard came hurriedly up to my side. ' I could not , go away without bidding you good-night,' she said, holding . both my hands in both of hers. ' Perhaps we may meet agair. God bless you I' Her voice: was unsteady, her. face pale, her eyes wet. A lady came to the door and said, ' Now, Rachel, we are waiting !' She dropped my hand and was gone. .' Who is she?' I asked of .Grace, as soon as we were together. _?' What Relation is she to the Hills ?' ' None whatever,' ' said Grace ; ? ' only an adopted daughter. There is some romantic story about her, I believe. The Hill^ who are the most eccentric old couple in the world, took a vio lent fancy to her, and adopted her for their own. I believe she is anv orphan of a very good family. They keep up a wonderful fusa about her ; and people say they have made her their heiross.' 'I wonder why she looked so strangely at the mentien of the Hol lingfords,' I said, musing. ' My dear Mar gery,' said Grace, shakiBg her head, 'I give you up. You are perfectly insane on the Bubjeet of the Hollingfords. What will you imagine next ?' 'I do not think I imagined it,' -said* I. 'I am sure that Bhe turned as white as your cloak.' 'Well, woll,' said Graco, 'there may be some deep mystery for all! know. Miss Leonard may, like myself, have a taste for agriculture; or may have known young Mr Hollingford before he turned ploughman. I advise you to think about it. You have materials for a pretty romance to take into exile with you.' And I did think about it afterwards. ; CHATTER II. My children, you must romember that I am speaking of an old-tashionod time, and I tra velled down to Hillsbro' by coach. Tho pro monado of a fashionable watering-place hail hitherto been my idea of the country. Ima gine, then, how my hungry eyes devourod the. now beauties prosontod to them. I had pro* vided myself with a book, and I had hoped to fall asleep over it, yet here was I with my. eyes riveted to a pone of glass, afraid to wink lest I should miss somothing. Grace's warn ing, ' You will fret yourself to death, yon will bo back bofore a month,' grow faint in my cars. When night shut out iny new world anil I fell asleep I dreamed of extraordinary phe nomena ; trees stalking about the plains, farios looping out of tho foam of tho rivers. I opened my eyes to a roso-colored dawn. We had stopped before a littlo village inn. A. row of pigeons with burnished necks looked down on mo from their perch on the sign bonrd above tho door ; a half- dressed curly headed ohild pooped out of a widow from under the eaves, and clapped his- hands at the steaming horses: and a young uan walkod out of tho inn with a waip ia his hand, find asked if there might be a lady iDside the oeaoh whoso deatinatioa was HiUs* bro' Farm. I was sooa SGatscl J-y fell (Ms Is a g%« P| ';?' a few careful glances I bad easily assured my 1 self that there was nothing of the ploughman in the appearance, of ^TrsHbllingford's hou. !, You will want to. know' what. I. thought pf him ?Kl that morning, and I will tell yon. iEe. seemed to me the beau ideal of n couutry gonlleman : nothing loss than this, and something more. ' You have known him, my dears, stooped and white-headed, and have loved him in his age for the sake of the heart that;never grew old. Baton that brilliant autumn morning when r he and I first sat side by side, the same love '; able spirit was clothed with the strength and ' : beautyof mortal youth. ? ,-v '''? Tho vivid life of the. country was sweet to me that early morning. Carts of hay lumbered i'' ' past us, almost crushing us into the hedges as 5 . they swept' along heavily, leaving a trial! of ' jfragranoein^the air. Red and brown .leaves \- ' ' } lay thick on the grbuad, . making beautiful the 3 ' ^undulations i of the roads, Mists of dew hung 'among the parpie folds of the hills, and the ; aim dashed the woods and streams' with kin : dling gold. By-and-by tho whole country side '' was laughing in the 'full face of the day. ; ? Hillsbro' Farmhouse was, and is, alow \- long dwelling built of dark bricks, and stand ' ing among orohards and meadows, green pas ture lands and running ' streams; , Its ivied obinmeys had for background the sombre lines of a swelling moor, belted by a wood of pines oi which skirted the hollow wherein the earth' ' nourished the fatness and sweetness of the thrifty farm aores. Along the edge of tlae moor the road ran that led to Hillsbro'. Hall, and a short cnt through the wood brought one 1 down upon a back entrance to the sc[uire'a own grdunds. '' Li The dear old farm ! ' Boses wore blowing in ' that morning at the open Bashes of the big, : heavy, roughly hung windows. Two young ' girls, who were afterwards dear to me as fibres ? ol my heart,, lingered beside the open door ; stately, handsome Jane, with her solemn ob ? servant black eyes and trim dark dress, and frolicsome Mbpsie with her laughing face, and her hat tied down, gipsy fashion, with a red ribbon. They lingered to see me, to take ? their share in giving me a welcome, and then ; set out oh their long walk, discussing mo by the way. They told me of it afterwards. Jane said I was only fit for a glass case, and Mopaie ' declared I alighted from the old gig as if I had: : a mind to dancer They were awed by the high red heels of my boots/ the feather in my '?? hat, and the quilted satin of my pelisse. They' ? wondered I could deign to speak aBytliing but \- Frenchj and concluded I did so 'out of, compli ? ment to their homeliness. ' -. '. '. : ' '''?: v .' ? And I meanwhile, decked in all the fanoif til, 1 ; elegancies '!of a London toilette, sat down 't'o' ' breakfaBt in the long parlor at Hillsbro' Farm, ? with aomething in my heart that would not let Hie eat though I was hungry, and something in my eyes that«would hot let ine see 'very well 1 though the srin oame rich and yellow' through each of the; wide windows, forming one broad gelden path down the middle of the' room. I saw but dimly th* dark brown walls and ceil ing, the stiff-baoked chairs with their red covers, the jar fall of late roses that stood in either window, the heap of trailing ivy that overran the hvLg& grate, i It wits Mrs Hollingr \- ford's face that did it as she' sat, kind, careful, . hospitable, pressing on me sweet ? home-made cakes, fresh ? butter, fragrant tea, delicious cream, and delicate pink eggs. ' .KAh mo;J:it ?; waB her face tbat did it. : There'wa? my great lady, my beneficent friend; my yalianfwoman. Her eyes were alittle sunken, the fire .of their energy a little slackened, her brow a little seamed ; the strain of fortitude had drawn !.? a tight cord about her mouthi Whehcej then, that new touching beauty thai; made I one see the stamp of hoaven's nobility shining on hsr face ? Had I quite forgotten : her, . or was Bhe indeed something new ? It was aa 1 if grief had chiselled her features ' afresh out -of the superfluous roundings of prosperity, , wasted them into perfect sweetness, hacked -them into purer refinement. She wore^ a ' straight black gown of the coarsest matoriiil, only the fair folds of muslin aboat her throat /giving^ daintiness; tb^ ^^hor 'attire;'1 Her son break-' fasted with risi and I fanbied ho! of ton looked at me curiously as if tosay, 'What concern can she have with us ? why did she come ? how long willistie/remain?'- -I had talked' to'himi without embarrassment as we ; drove along, buti now I could hardly speak. Never had I felt -sol shy in any company as . I did now in the pre'-: Bence of my mother s friend. : ? After breakfast she led me to my room,' bright and airyj but scantily furnished.; It bad a window looking out on an; orohard' threaded by long alleys, over which1, hang a glowing roof of fruit- laden branches. And here I unpacked my trunks and stowed ? away my elegant dresses in a huge painted1 ?wardrobe smelling of apples. I laid aside with a kind of sham© aU the little ornaments I was accustomed to wear, and dressed myself in the , plainest gown I possessed. Descending the quaint old staircase again, I fonnd Mrs Hol lingford walking'np and down the hall waiting for my appearance. 'What a great woman you have grown, my love I' she said, drawing my hand within her arm, and leading me through the open hall door. ' But you have still yonr mother's fair hair and sunny eyes. 'Will yon walk with mo for an hour ? I have much to say to. yon, and the sooner it is said the better.' Then she told mo the story of her life, and misfortunes, sternly, sweetly, with strange humility and fortitude. I knew much of it before, but she would tell it all. 'And now, my love,' she said, ' you know us as we are. Your mother, when she made me your guar diaD, did not foresee the changes that were to take place. You have other friends who are Trilling to give you a home. You have come Here of your own will. When you wish to leavens we will not wonder.' I threw my arms round her neck arid told her I would not leave her. Never, since MiBS Kitty Sweetman w--nt to India, bad my heart goneforth so completely to any one. Shebade me not be too hasty. ' You will find our lifo bo different from anything you ' have ever known,' she said. 'Wo all fear it for you. We aro so busy here. We have always a pur pose before our eyes to make us work.' ' Then I will work too,' I said. ' I will not be the only drone in Buch a thrifty hive.' She smiled at this, and shook her head. But I imme diately began to cast about for the means by which I might find it possible to keep my word. ciiAra&n; ni. I soon learned to love tho farm. I began to know the meaning of the word ' home.' Tho boauty and loveablencas of some persons and plaoes take you by surprise,; with others they et§ si upon, you by dogroea ;' but thero was that, about Hillabro' Farm which I loved much at Gaoe m&mow; a|M?5?M§!h k5°kjng at it in tho most common- place way, it , had all the peace and plenty of an ^English farmhouse, while for eyes that sought more they would find, enough, that was picturesque [in the orchard's rudnv thickets, where tup sun slruok: fire on fr^jty, mornings ; in the wide.pastnre landB sloping to the sedgy river, where the cows cooled the r feet on sultry, evenings. You know . as wel i as I. the curious bowery garden beyond the lower window of the parlor, stooked with riches and sweets of all kinds, rows of beehives standing in; the'.'sun, roses and raspberries growing, side by side. The breath of thyme and balm, lavender and myrtle, was always in that parlor. You know the slipepfold and the pad dock, the old! tree' over' , the west gablo where thebwlma^ehis nest— the owl that used to come and sit on our school-room window-sill and hoot at 'night. You know the Bun-dial where the screaming peacock used to perch anjd spread his tail ;? the dove-cote, where the . silver-necks and fan-tails UBedto coo and ruffle their feathers. You know too, all the quaint plannings and accidents of the old, Jiouse ; how the fiery creeper ran riot; through, the ivy on the' dark; walls,, Wangling its ?burning wreaths over the. \yindbws ?, how the hall door lay open all day- ^ with the dogs sleeping on the broad door-step. Also within, that were long dark passages, rooms with low ceilings ; astep uphere, and a stop jdown there ; fire places twisted into: odd corners, norrow ' pointed windows, and wide latticed ones. You know all the household recesses, the dairies and pantries and storerooms ; but you cannot know how Mrs Hollingford toiled amsngst them, filling them with her industry one day that they might be emptied the next; harden ing her delicate hands with labor to the end that justice might be done, that some who had lost might gainj that a portion of her hus band's heavy debts might be paid, arid a por tion of the curse of the impoverished lifted from his guilty shoulders. No luxury was ever permitted in that house hold. Old gowns were worn and mended . till they could be worn and mended no longer. The girls were of an age to go abroad to scheol, but they must be contented with such education aa: they could pick tip at homo,;so long as one poor creature suffered ..?straits.- through their father's fault. The only intel- . gence allowed was almsgiving. : Mopsie might divide her dinner with a htragry child, or Jane bGBtow her new petticoat on an aged woman ; but they must,- in consequence, deny them selves and suffer ihbonyehience till such time as it came to be again their turrito have their absolute wants relieved. . ... I did, indeed,, feel like a drone in a hive . when, on leaving my. room in the riiornings, I met Mrs Hollingford coming from; her work in the dairy, John Hollingford arriving from his early visit to a distant part of the farm, Jane from her sewing closet where she made and mended the linen' of the household, and Mopsie from the kitchen with a piled dish of breakfast-cakea, showing ?what.1 her morning task' had been. I could not eat for envy. Why could not I be of ,use to somebody ? I gayeMopBie some gay ribbons, which were re? turned to me by ker mother. Nothing might she wear but her plain black .frook and white frill.; I gave Jane a book of poems with woodcuts, and that was accepted with rapture. This! encouraged me; T picked up tw® little children on the road, and to one I gave a bright silk girdle for a skipping-rope, and to the other a doll dressed from the materials of a fine gauze hat, which I pioked to pieceB for the purpose. I was not goingto 'be a peony flaunting among ? thrifty modest vetches. At; first I was sorry for the destruction of my pretty things, but soon I grew to admire the: ' demureness of my grey gown and little black apron. I learned to make pies and cakesi to sweep a room andset'it to\rights, to wash and get up linen and laces, to churn, to make butter. But, as many hands were engaged in these' matters, I was often thrown but of em-; ployirient. I made music for my friends in the eVsnings, and, as they liked it, .this was something ; but it was riot erioughi A new spirit had entered into me. I felt my old self loBt in the admiration which I had con ceived for Aho new friends who had. accepted irie amongst them. ;??'? ? ; ? ; 1 ! : v By-and-by I found out a little niche; b£ nse-r fulness' for ^1 myself . Jane and Mopsie ^at tonded the village school. One day I went to j 'the town to buy some trifle and call for the; ^irls.; itwas'past the hour for breaking up, and I .found Mbpsie roiriping with some rude ? looking girls on the green, while Jane, , de ttntifiri for some fahlt. sat alone in the schobl room,' porohed on a benob, her arms folded and her eyes gloomily fixed on the' wall. When' I entered she blushed orimson. She was a proud girl, and I know she was hurt at ?my seeing her disgrace. I coaxed her to spbak out her treuble. 'I could teach the whole school,' she said, fiercely— 'master, mistress, and all — and yet I am kept sitting over a, b, c, like a baby. I get so sick of it that some times I answer wrong by way of novelty. Then I have to hold out my hand for the rod. To-day I drew Portia and Shy kick on my slate, and forgot to finish my sum ; therefore I am disgraced !' I seized the happy moment and offered myself td the girls as a governess. Mopsie stopped on the road and hugged me in delight. Jane sqrieezod my hand and was silent during the reBt of the walk, except when shesaid, ' Mother will never consent. I am too proud, and she wants me to be humbled. ' She thinks lit is good for me to go to the village school.' . (To be continued.) 