,®ßc ¿SaUttc« iftlonting ggcrnlDu TUESDAY, FEBRUARY 4, 1868. The suicide of Mr. Dobson, at Parramatta, has .produced everywhere the most painful im- pression. The respect due to the dead must not lead us to forget the lessons which so sad an event should impress upon the living. We have here a man, in a position where both com- fort and respectability might haverheenisecured , to himself and his household, cut off by his own -hand!at twenty-eight-years of age. That irrita- tion ' of mind ,"_ which ^in. the judg- ment of charity , was "assumed r ,to be the i proof of . >méxital_-__ alienation, . was 'the natural result of^the circumstances in-which he had placed himself. . The. deteotion of his default could not be -long delayed. Whatever hopes h'e might entertain of'recovery were'but the common deception which men exercise upon!themselves,,and by which they ,are lured to Üieirruin. WWe chould 'certainly infer that the act of suicide was only so'far premeditated as it was ' impelled by the immediate Ben'se of ,dangei- "io exposure. <0"WÀe can-fhardly_ suppose that / any man would suffer so mucht ayQid&bJteJpr;£urpjyJ^ 1 l'ûco to face with a condition which to many men would be worse than death, he had recourse to the poison which was then apparently only ac- cessible, and so deprived himself of life. An awful moment, indeed, must that have been which intervened between the fatal act and th'e-1 final ! result ; awful in the reflections u o£ , the past, - perhaps in the prospects I of the future. We can hardly suppose thatW moral and menial aberration can so far dull ^rie(, perceptions of men as to obscure the conscious-. ness that they are hastening, uncalled for, into the presence of the Great Judge. '5 The right of suicide has been never affirmed^ in Christian times, but by those who have;, abandoned Christian obligation and Christian^ hope, and yet how frequent it is. One so-call«lc philosopher, Hume, declared that any maa' liad the right to dispose of his own life.} With a despicable lightness he described! suicide as " the diversion of a small current in* the veins," and pretended to define the aWfjil' moral character of the act by the smallneas,' of1,, the means by which it was accomplished. Jjfe1 adds :-" A man who retires from life does*ho harm to society ; he only ceases to do gobd, which, if it is an injury, is only one ot the lowest kind : all our obligations to society to do good seem to im- ply something reciprocal. I receive the benefits of society, and, therefore, ought to promote its interests. I am not obliged to do a small good to society at the expense ol a great harm to myself. If I may lawfully resign my office on account of infirmities, and employ my time in fencing against those calamities, why may I not cut short these miseries at once?" The »nswer to this shallow philosophy would be that a man who has the engage- ments of a husband and the duties of <t father, and who has powers and talents which ought,, to make him useful to his fellow- men, sacrifices' others in this disposal of himself. The effect of wilful suicide is ,to depress the condition of the survivors ; toMeave¿T,hem' through life a dark and dreary memory3?hich must render all other objects^ gloomy. 'It is'to rob them oí that protection and support which their dependence makes it imperative to every man to prolong to the utmost of his power. To say nothing, therefore, of a future life, ihe man who thus abandons his home and family and society is guilty of a great crime. But we have suiely not arrived at that condition!in which íesponsibility to God for the useoofT'life is to be, abandoned as a dream. If, so, wejbave §unk lower than the heathen themselves, i nEven the poet ¡Virgil places self-murder among the subjects of irremediable remorse.^- ',Jir Hi8toiy, no doubt, gives ,xhiahy -pases of * deliberate self-destruction^ which b,ave been inflicted by philosophers, w.ho have grown weary of life through vanity,- satiety, or the consequences of vice. But thevjudgment of all sober men condemns it, although theie can be no use in punishing the living or insulting the dead, j < When, however, we look at the causes of suicide, we find there is sufficient to explain them-drunkenness, gaming, unlawful,,, con- nexions, and extravagance. .f^fi .. We have often had occasion to condemn' the reckless system of living to %vhich sö^m'any among us are inclined. This leads " to^'insol \ency and bankiuptcy at beat-often to em- bezzlement; but especially where trust is re- posed, and where there is the power of obtain- ing dishonestly the means of instantaneous relief from pressure. What is the reason that the shopman abstracts the property of his em- ployer? What is the íeason that the clerk makes false entries and applies proceeds to his ow n use ? What is the reason a sj stematic fraud in large affairs is carried on and continued by the most laborious artifice for months together, 'lo know the cause we have only to look at the mode in which men spend their money, and the disproportionale st)le of their indulgence to their income. People w ith hundreds a year may, and ought to, lue within their means. A reduction of the scale of expense would enable them to do so. But if they will emulate those who are more opulent-if people with £500 | will try to rival those with £1000-and if those with £1000 will demand an equal measure of self-indulgence with those that have £2000, there is no loom for sympathy when the game is pla) ed out, excepting for the innocent par- takers of their evil fortune. A downfall must come-a crash in some way or other ; a loss of credit or a loss of honour, or both, which miy unolve the forfeiture of subsistence or the sacrifice of life. When we consider how many are at this present moment in the hands of usurers, who exact from them an enor- mous interest for their casual relief, and I with what headlong fury many are running into extravagances in order to sustain a , position which oftener exposes them to ridicule than'wins respect, we cannot be astonished that a week scarcely passes but some wretched victim falls a prey to remorse or guilt, and that some respectable woman and her children are sunk suddenlj into the depths of sorrow and rum. '1 his misconduct entails its consequences often for a generation; and long after the -\eiy existence of ' the offender ,1ms been forgotten by the world at large, there is here and there an unhappy being with broken health and peihaps wander- ing mind, on whose heart and hopes the crushing influences of his crime have fallen. We make no apology to our readers for call- ing their attention to facts like these. No duty of the Piess is more solemn or more binding. To pass ovei ever) thing, to gloss every wrong, and to excuse every crime, is to abandon and to prostitute the function of journalism, and to abandon-or worse-the most sacred duty which a public writer can perform. " CiAitENDON said well of Industry, " There is no ait 01 science that is too difficult for in- dustry to attain to ; it is the gift of tongues, »nd makes a man understood andSalued in all countries ; it is the philosopher's stone, that turns all metals, and even stones, into gold, ead suffers no want to break into its dwellings ; it is the north-west passage that bungs the merchant's ships as soon to him as he can desire; in a word, it conquers all .enemies, and makes fortune itself pay for contribution." In no department of 'labour do we possess a better instance of tho achievements of industry, whether in the putient toil of the caterpillar which elaborates into glossy thread the juices of the mulberry or oiheri leaves, or of painstaking people, who in many) lands'pnn ide these creatures with food, maintain them in health, watch them with caie, "and usefully employ the results of their instinc- tive operations. In'looking at a small section of country where 'the silk trade thrives we see how a simple,worm can be made, by those who become acquainted with its habits, to con- ti ibute to the material prosperity-and even more than this to mental superiority 'of ''a1 ..great community. The production ^Sjf Aem.efíre^.er^hKmi,sr'tnSfc ^E» "cETeï product furnished to external commerce, and in thOs tjommeicial circulars of prices cunent ^mulberry leaves, cocoons, and eggs are found to 'ngura' as'prominently as wool, tallow, and gold (iii^these colonies^" Considerable difficulty s is, I experience'd in'balancing'the worms and, the. 'lood, for .these relations are disturbed by a storm ¿(vPhail, or a boisterous wind. As the'quantity and ^'the^qùality of the silk depend on the worms that" .spin it, iiis clear ttia't there are Wo,objects that engross attention-the "breeding of; the worms, ^ndjthe food for the woims. 'In breeding, the prinjciple'- of selection is carried out with as n>uçh| skill as it is here with sheep and cattle!; the',object being to 'obtain a> worm that* will yí¿ld,the most silk of the best colour and' quality from-the least food. Then the mnlbeiry tree is an object of the greatest con- sideration. A traveller in that sunny, land will find extensive and numerous nurseries where the mulberry is raised, with most careful cultivation fi om seed. The varieties of this tree, and tho adaptation of special varieties "of"thó~worm,to ? special ' varieties of mulbeiry, forms a subject upon which the Lombard peasants are wise and garrulous. The finest silk is obtained, for instance, from the wild ungrafted mulberry tree ; 'the next finest from one of a new species produced by grafting ; the thiid from the grafted white j mulberry; the coarsest from the black mulberry ; and none from trees of which the fruit ' is held in estimation. It appears to bei by no means the case that those who raise | trees produce silks. Scaicely any house is altogether destitute of eggs, but-where the business is conducted on alargo scale it is not uncommon to find the two branches of it niuioerry-proaucing ana silk-producing-to be cariied on sepaiately. The leaf-growing is a department which requires great judgment. The )iekl depends much on management and soil. ¡When a mulberry tree has attained a diameter of two feet it should yield from 220 to 2G0 lbs. From this they will increase in pro-o due« lill tboyyield sometimes 500 lbs. of foliag'e.~ The silk-worm eggs-differing in value' ac¿oVdJ ing to variety-are sold by wejght. ¡,'J'The, most highly piized give 24,024>eggs to ¡the, ounce,' the second-class 25,185^; >'&a;à>tixéhiàiiâ^ 31,004. Supposing each egg'of ^^firstátasV to be ¡fertile, the yield of an ounceJ of eggs, bought for 2s., would be.218 lbs. of cocoons, at fiom |Is. Gd. to 2s. a pound, assuming 110 cocoons to weigh 1 lb. We, are informed that -the planting of mul beiiy tiees and the consequent produce of silk bave been constantly increasing of late years in Lombardy. It is an attraction to every grade of society, from the greatest landholder to the lowest of the day labourers, whose energy his been stimulated by the constantly advancing price of raw silk, with few exceptional years, from 1814 to (he present time. Let it be also observed that the 64,668,456 lbs. of cocoons produced in 1856 at the low average price of l7jd. per lb., would give a,value of. £4,336,360. According to the ratio shown by Da.ndoi.0, those 64,668,456 lbs. of cocoons, whilst requiring for their produc- tion the enormous amount of 9,043,490,700 lbs. of mulberry leaves, must/nhave yielded at least 5,021,559 lbs. of raw silk, which, at a low average price of 19s. 8d. per lb. for the 3,123,546 lbs. belonging to Lombardy, and 16s. 7£d. per lb. for 1,898,014 lbs. of the inferior kind of the Venetian provinces, would be worth £4,647,636. It is also worthy of remark that the spinning and twisting manufacture gave employment for the average period of fifty days a year, in Lombardy, to 4500 men, 5500 women, and 2000 girls, besides 30,000 women more in their own houses, and produced about 2,822,217 lbs. of spun or twisted silk, worth, at an average of 23s. per lb., £3,245,556. From these remarks we pass very naturally to the production of silk in these colonies, and especially in New South Wales. The Govern- ment, feeling the importance of the subject, have considered it well to pi mt and issue for gratuitous distribution a pamphlet on the habits, management," food, and value of the Ailant silk- worm by Mr. ChakiiEs Brady, who, if not the first to direct attention to this occupation, is at all events a thoroughly zealous and successful advocate of it. What has been done elsewhere may, all things being equal, be done here. In fact, the production of silk here and in Queens- land is no longer a question to be decided by expeiiment ; and as the writer of one of the Acclimatisation Societies of London says :-" No amount of failuie can destioy the effect of a single instance of success; for where one experiment has succeeded there is every Reason to believe that further investigation must lead to the discovery of the ele- ments which will render success certain." Some attempts have been made to habituate the mtilbeny silkworm lo these latitudes ; but it is now I generally granted that the Ailant worm,, which takes its name -from the plant it feeds' upoil {Atlanius glandtdosa), is better fitted for the purpose-the tree takes more kindly to our sandy soil, and the worm which feeds upon it I yields a silk of higher commercial value than that of the mulberry worm. The silks from these different creatures aro quite distinct aiticles, are grown in different modes and pre- pared by difl'eicnt processes, are manufactured for such various purposes that, as Mr. Bhady sa j ß, the-two materials may be contrasted as having such relation to each other' as linen has lo cotton. The common, mulberry silk is allowed to be more lustrous ; but it will not beai- washing, and soon frays, while the ailant silk washed with cold water and soap is said to improve in lustre, and is fal moie durable. The tree on which the ailant silkworm feeds is indigenous to India, China, and a great portion of Asia, and is found to flourish hero. It is propagated by seeds, but more readily from suckers and cuttings of Iho root. If permitted, it reaches a height of from 60 to 100 feet, but when cul- tivated for silk it is never allowed to grow be )ond five or six feet in height. It is deciduous in habit, and is recommended by botanists for sandy and steiile soils, of which we have a considerable quantity lying idle tlnoughout the county of Cumberland. Forests of the Ailanlus have been planted of late years in Europe for the purpose of enriching the land and piotecting the smface from droughts in time of scai city, and in time of heavy rains modify- ing the effects of flood water. It is usual to plant about 4000 of these little plants to the acre,jand to .feed the worms upon the leaves. The results of course depend on discrimina- tion in management, forethought, and the(like. 'Ihe liange of life of the ailánt is comprised within the brief period of thiiteon week?, during which time ,. the ¡power .of the. generation is in- creased two hundredfold. '. The value of, and .profit! to'be derived from the cocoons is soon stated.' The pods, full or empty,'may. be'wofth. fromllÓd. to 13d.-a thousand ; at 50 caterpillars, or cocoons, per bush, or 4000 bushes to the acre, the. yield of cocoons should be 200,000 ; and thefe; at Is. per thousand, being equalin money value1 to £10 per acre for one generation. i- . The ease with which the.Ailantus ¡may be propagated, the- simplicity of 'the:'op'eràtipn of ' 'hat chin g eggs.-' and. tepd>^îâïa^-^ï°-!'^- ^ , mi tug. uns maujptry, irifoVlCvOuT^ntt, niay,be nro,j/. fliablyTóIiWea'rby-'famili<rs.f Prbbably>itmay' huvelbeen cheeked hitherto by the notion that "thereiis no market for the'cbcoons. '"Büt:this is¡ no longer the'cásei 'A;markdt isülí'ea\ly"¿pené£". and buyers,aro.,awaiung. a ;supj3ly^,-jTAûre>iS;a! .fund pf ínforniauori now.tD.ibc'hidiaiso concérn :ing Ihe'troe'Uo¡-be grdwn^nd»th'tffwörrn''to'be; ''fe'dj and thankáto the ;iBsü.eíl1iy^o\'8?nm'orít*of' Mr.- Bka'Èy's .p'á|hph^ ¡In the silk tradèindustry- may 'ni\tJicse'.colöriiesb -ifin'd a'new'and jetnunerative<fiqid.' .; _.-:V'í3t.'-¡ ,a.r;..r' , ' " ' , ?'\\.".'.',''.'^'.','^".'-. .',' "i'Tioeox Siioottno.-On Saturday last t\ Iiirgö-nuiuliuf. Vóf .weüj-knerwn lmights of flic trigger, cühtdstod .at'Honie£ ' "biifli for a1 prize cup, presented By Mr. -J. Ti Ryan, Sl.'LÍA., ' president of tho MofropóIiliin'ÍMgéon'' Club; ; ' Each; ebra-' n liter 3iad seven birds, nuil attlio tonninatiohof tliofiring it M-ns found Unit Messrs. Neiwcomba und-Maylind«tied, "luiving'1 killed Bixbirda eiich.^ »Tho-tiovwas:then''Bhotnoff, when Mr. Nowçonibo,;-whois as celebrated ;in>thö.crickot ifield dB. ivith'tlio glin, succeeded for the ¡cup. .Thoshootors, .anda qpnéiderablo. number of thoir.frionas,"tookluncheon togothqr (it'Mr, Kbberts's 'w(ill-lcriö>vn'hostolrio, núd spent .ii very pleasant day,': '".'; . y ' ??.'.? ; ; .. '; ( ^'. * );' ,. BotínV Mutual Íjítróvément Associatíon'.-^TÍio. usual fortnightly meeting, of. lliis' sooióty, ^was! holden Saturday ' evening' 'lii^!:ui",-nïololrr.ftictj)iyj'jit,1Uio Botany: , SValorvj'ofks." ' Tuero'TVas'a goád'átfendau'coíHltérb'bofng : BcvcraljliidiM present, aridthoVire-PrPsid'erifof "tho'a'tióiiSty, ^ ? Mr. H. -VW*oirtcott,l eteoupicdi'tho' ;oTiair.;;¿ Tho 'subject . np'poinwd- for) tho-. overling was a lecture on' Itimsiá. The levturerj ha-ving'inct'.,witli'.an accident ?y/ásiunnblo to attend. lA'progrnirinio of rieaeUngi?, songs, and .recitations was sob stituteil, which was gone through |by, tho .mombers.! tho oveningu'asagreeably passed, and,tho.ineotiag closed about 10 o'clock p.m. Fatal Accident.--An inquiry was held before the City Coroner, at his office, yesterday, respecting the death of a man named Richard Wills, aged about 48 years, Charles E. Taylor, traveller, at present residing at the "Woolpack Inn, Haymarket, stated that deceased was in the employ of Mr. Blunt, landlord of the hotel ; between 3 and 4 o'clock on Thursday afternoon he saw deceased and a teamster enter a large stable to catch a horse ; the animal was loose in the stall; about five minutes afterwards he went to the stable and saw deceased lying, face downwards, in the next stall to that in which the horse was in, and bleeding profusely from the head ; the horse was a very wild one, and could not be caught by one man ; he saw a fresh impression of a horse's shoe on the rail dividing the stalls; he assisted to place deceased in a cab, and remove him to the Infirmary ; if there had been any quarrel between the teamster and deceased in the stable he must have heard it, from the position he was in ; he saw no weapon in the stable that would be likely to inflict the blow from which deceased was suffering, the teamster has since left Sydney, and he could not say where he had gone to. Dr. Rudolf Schuette, house physician at the Infirmary, stated that death had resulted from compound comminuted fracture of the skull, with wounding and protrusion of the brain. Verdict -."Died from compression of the brain caused by fracture of the skull, but how the skull got fractured there is not sufficient evidence to show." CoHoXBrt'sit^acusTS.-^Tho CityjPe^oner.'heJd.auin; < quest nf. ,1ho Diingniineui, If,otol, Qrof-y^^reQ^yeSjurçl!^; îci-pccting iho death' of a cliild'Äamea Arlhuc Gjriihaui,. nged two monthB. Dr. Boll made arl'oxaiiiinatlonof'ihe,' body after death, nnd found that death had'onsucdfi oin ' convulsions supervening on an attack of choloraio diwhooa, and a lerdict to that ollcot was returned by the jury.-An inquiry îcspecling tlio death of a prisoner named John Mun ay was held beforo tho City Coroner yesterday, at the Durlin'ghuist Gaol. Decensed was received into cool on tho 18lh December, 18G3, under a sentonco of flvo yoars' hai-d labour ior lobbcry and violoncq. Dr. Aaron stated that deceased was íeccived into"tho gaol hospital on tho 29th of liisl month, sufle'riiig from'i'iipture of tilo ui etina, tho re- sult of ncglecfcd stricture ; deceased acknowledged to.tho dispenter that ho lind purposely neglected himself in order to induce tho authorities to grant him a remission of his sentence, for which he had previously petitioned in vain ; in conjunction with Dr. Alloyno witness performed an operation upon deceased, who, however, gradully sank anil died on Sunday ; his death wns caused by shock and ex- haustion contequent on the laceration of tho urethra and the infiltration of urino into tho collular tissuos. A verdict to the effect that deceased died from natural causea was relumed hy tho jury. A Chinaman's Idea of European Docfrons.-Our celestial friend», snys tho Ararat Advertiser, hold somo strnngo ideas of tho powers of healing possessed by Euro | penn physicinns. Last week, ono of tho residents of this neightouihood called upon Dr. Galbraith, nnd showed him ono of ,his thumbs, which was severely lacerated-so sevordyj indeed, ihnt tho flesh was stripped from tho bone, leaving it projecting nnd bnro. Tho patient intimated that ho wanted medicino which would ínako tho flesh grow over tho bono. ThiB, Dr. Galbraith said, was impossible, but told lum that ho would send him to sleep and tnko. the bono ivway, so that tho flesh would closo above it and heal. To this proposition John gavo a most energetic negative. " No cutty ;Teutty wolly bad ; want him lemilcino mako beef grow. You mak'ell mo sleepy, cutty all a sham Buwy, no good,' bah ! welly bad. I go 'long a Chinoso doctor ; plenty lemilcino, moko him beef. Goottny, Bah." The . doctor, whose skill took such nu insignificant position as compnrcd willi the celestial physician, humbly returned the I " Goottay" salutation, and showed the Chinaman out, The TrtiNCB or Wales Otbiia IIovbb-Tho crowdad i> audience which was assembled at this- theatre last evontng on tho occasion of Mr. Montgomery's i first nppcnra&ctr; ? must have been a« gratifying lo tho actor as it was ? satisfactory to-the manager. Every part of tho housa was almost uncomfortably full, and tho viceregal box wa» occupied by II.It.H. tlio Duko of Edinburgh und suito. The performance consisted of tho Sllakesporiiin tragedy of Hamlet, nnd tho farco "A Thumping Legacy." In tho first named picco tho principal olmroeters wcie played/ Witt ' the following cast :-Hamlet, Mr. Montgomery; Ophelia,. Míbb jKato Word ; King, Mr. Burfoid; Queen, Sirs, Jones; Ghost, Mi, Ireland; Horatio, Mr. Rogers ; Grave digger, Mr. Grovillo; Laertes, Mr. Lawrence. Inthowholo rnngo of Shokcsperian characters there is porhaps non* admitting such a variety of intorprotations ns that chosen by Mr. Montgomery tor his first appoaranco. Hamlet has been played here by almost ovory notor having any claim to rank as a tiagcdian, and each Boomod to havo formed ' a different viow of tlio idonl Hamlot, yot, at . tho Bamo limo, thoro woro some point« of ' similarity ; but Mr. ' Montgomery's II imlot differs in ovory ossontial rospect from that of hi» prodeoos sors. ! It is tho Hamlot of tho new school, tho Prince of Dcnmoik cast in tho Fcohtor. .mould. ? There nro'fow Shakóspcrian Btudenls who havo not forniod thoir own opinions of tho most profound creation of tho great poet's genius ; mnny, to a largo oxtont, havo an i vod at, or boon stiongtlioncd in thoir conclusions, by sooing tho- olnrnotor dclinentctl by sonio .great tragodian, whilo others formod their opinions as lo tho morits of tho actor in proportion as i liib conception of tho character agreed with thoir own! Tho question iib to Hamlot's niAdness or sanity is not hy any i mcnnij . a now ono ; hut howovor sceptical incrp , i cadei s of -Shakosporo might bo j as to . whótljer a man who uttors tho , most profound philosophy can ho really insano, it was only recently that the Hamlet of tho stngo was represented düforently to tho lime-honoured model" of tho Kemblos, Keans,' and other i Ii(.hts]of tho thontrical world. . Tho4nnovation was a bold ono, and not without bucccsb ; it had at loast tho moril .. of novolty, nnd has evoked criticism fi pm somo of tho ablest <, i scholars of the day. No ono \/ül dony that Mr. Montgo*» niriy invests tho charnclor with unusual nnd woll- sustainod. interest ; and tlio faultless mnnnor in whieih ho read, sômo j of thoj finer pnssagos was rowordodwith prolongod applauso rciicved^nt tho oloso of euch act, and only ceasing whon ho ¡ * had lepcatcdly bowed his acknowledgments. His de- v scrip! ion of man, thoJ-"itruclion to. tho playors, and thoii." 'chamber sceno with tip Queen,, after, killing Poloniua, ! < were amongst tho most oflectivo parts of tho play. Tho l . giavoyard scono was mancd hy a portion of tho i dialoguo being inaudible, hut on tho whole Mr. Mont* '. ? i gonrciy created n ' most favourable impression, and thai a, perfonunnco may bo tonnod.a(,grcnt success. Mr. Iro^m land's¡Glios,t is also worthy of,tho highest commendation.),.i Itwns ono of, if not tho very best lomcscntation of thoJU chamotor seen on tho Sydney boards. Mr. Grovillo's well- . -. known humour suits ndiuimbly tho Rart of tho Gravo-, , . diggor, nnd lins frequently rocoived flattoring recognition, ns was also Iho Polonais of Mr. Rogorg.. Miss , Ward,1 after an absonco of Bomo timo¿ inado hor roappoaianco as Ophelia, and pel formed, tho part in a .ladyliko and nnturnl mnnnor; and nnothor old favourite-Mr. Burford-played tho King very creditably. Tho other cbumctcrB woro also faiily represented, and it seems almost certain flint unloss tho other minagorial arrangements interfere, Mr. Montgomery's Hnmlot will bo> tho nienns of nwnkening thnt lovo for Shnkesporian plays to which tho British stago of tho present day is so largely «j indebted for its present position Sensational plays which > Í attract tho oj o ana for a timo moot tho attention, aro but as " tho snowilàko on tho rivor, a moment there, then goño for , over," vi hilo tho woiks of tlio Bard of A\\-on speakuig.to tho t intellect nnd impartingjlisso'iiB of tho soundosf philosophy, , will i always bo appreciated whprovor lho_ Angla-$axon. , lnngungo is spoken. " Japanese Cuiuosities.-Among-tho various-objects which at ti act the observations of tho sight-acoùig popula- tion who havo, during ' the past fortnight, flocked into Sydnoy, few mo so worthy of attention as tho rnro collection of JuplmoBe curiosities to bo rcon in tho storo opposite tho City Blink, in King-street. Mr. Marks, whoso sons havo foi thq last nino ycar»'ieBidod in Japan, has had consigned! to hîm| a lnrgo variot? of goods which illustrato tho varied 1 ahdpeouliar industry oithoreniarkablapooplo of that country. . It is'ereneialiy admitted that their productions in io«) dare superior to thoho of China, and certainly the examples i exhibited nt Mr. starks'» store tend to confirm tho opinion. Among tho most1 striking objects wo may mention aomo voiy fino.carvings in,"ivory, which aro remarkable for tho bpluueis,of thoirdosign nnd tho beautiful finish.of thoir' execution ; somo~olognnt specimens of bowls, of fino bronro, :. j inlaid w ith mosaic work of vanous colouicel inarblo ; lao- , qucrodi or japanned trays, boios, and vessels of varied j. designs nnd for various purposes; illustrations of Japanoso life, on rico paper and crape ; ana a multirudo of quaint^ giotesque, anil beautiful objects, which would well repay. n visit. No adequate iden of tho laequorod, inlaid, nna chmawiiro can bo^ formed fiom tho specimens commonly soon injEuropo, and wpl trust Mr. Marks's ontorpriso may a bo'crowned with tho success it desoi-ves. r,roftnC*rÇ3ï>4t,kv'fe Concert.-Tho concert this ovoning, «jit/ho Mnsonio HAH, undor tho guidance of Mr. Horsley, willliolpfvtrdnis'dä by H. B.'H. tho Duko'of "Edinburgh," g;j!,Enrl and Comitoss of Belmoro, and suite. The pro- . Kiiiino i'b mainly instrumental, and comprises a judicious ' ' selection of the classical with popular musio! l .,' -^'"Sxukey City Mission.-Tho annual,'fea,|mooting" ini.« Jconnection with.tho Sydnoy City Mission,wits hold last ^.cvi'hini, in tho 'Temperance Hall,' winch placo was '^rowucfl." Mr. "John Thompson prosidod at tho mooting , "Whtoh ¡folloTiod the lea. A hymn havingj been sung, and tho'Rov. G.' Lnno having engaged in prnjor, tho chairmnn oxprcssed his deop sympathy with tho movo .mont, which ho had wntched with much inteioat and , plensuro. The results of tho lnboura of tho missionaries , wtrOj ho tliought exceedingly gratifying, and ho sincorely trusted ¡that tho interest of tho public in tlio wolfaro of tho society ¡would bo increased to such on extent that whon tho annual | mooting wns held tho hnll in which they woro then; ijssemblca would bo found to bo too small to' 'contain nil who, might wish to bo presont. Tho Revi E. JRobinson (who in conscquenco of tho illness of Mr. B. Short, was acting as secretary) explained that as the funds of tho society about twolvo months ago looked rather hopoful, tho committee carno to tho determination to employ ¡a third missionary, and they had therefore engaged the services of Mr. Bowmaker ; the socioty had now threo liiissionurics to maintain ; and it was moro necessary than ever that the funds of the society should be kept up ia order that iho services of these three missionaries mightbo retained ; in fact ho thought three missionaries woro in- sufficient for tho woik which tho society had boforo it ia this dity of Sydney ; tho success which had attendod tho oflorlB of tho bociety wns in a great mensuro duo to tho zealous labours of tho ladies, and Mr. Short had roquostod > him to ¡present to them his best thanks for thoir onrnost labouisl in collecting subscriptions, and in otherwise pro- moting) fhc interests of the mission. Messrs. Robotu, Gully, and Bowninket, the thrco missionaries engaged by the society, then gavo brief narratives of thoir labours during the past year, and related several instances in which their labours had been crowned with success. The Rev, T. Gainford spoko warmly against the drinking enistoms of society, which ho considered was at tho bottom of nearly nil (ho demoralisation and crinio which existed j and ho earnestly cxhoitcd nil who piofcsed to bo Christians to abstain ii om hnving anything whatever to do with intoxi- cating drink, which would havo tho effect of bringing; nbout a glorious reformation amongst tho poorer classes of tliis community. Tho Rev. A. Webb, in tho courso of a few remarks, expressed his desire to seo established, in connection with tho society, a fund out which tho missionaries might have tho means of furnishing relief of a pecuniary as well as of n spiritual charnotor, to tho wretched sufferers whom thoy woro callod upon to visit from dny to day. The Rev. G. Lano then addiessod the» meeting, expressing tho deep interest ho folt in tho agents and operations of tho Sydnoy City Mission ; ho handed to . ,tho trpnèuror thirteen guineas, tho result of colloctions on ' Sunday! lost, nt tho Dowling-Btrect and Bourko-stroot "Ayeslcynn Churches ; nnd he hoped to seo such an oxamploi : followed hy every other church in tho city, so that the ' " picsonl debt oftho society might be wiped off, nnd its opera 'tibns cxlei\dedl Tho meeting was thon brought to a oloso .'by'sTngibg'thçfdoxology. i ' "Sad Death at Ghafton.-On Tuesday, 21st January, 'avery respectablo looking man, named Francis Goulding, ' ? Syas received into tho Grafton Hospital, in tho last stage of . oonSunirltion, and despito overy attention paid to tho poor '¡«UfferêrJby.Dr. Croft, deceased gradually sank and expired ron'STVndlvy.last. .Goulding waa travolling from Now Eng I liin,d./tojtho Clarence, cn ronlo to Sydnov, whon ho was i tgkj»n>vary ill, but managed to reaoh Mr. I'crrott's station, j S$°S9 ^E way kindly cared for, and brought on to Grafton by'Mr. George Arnold, in tho buggy whioh h.id boon used for tho up-convcyanco of tho Bishop lo Ariiiidalo, and received into tho Grafton Hospital as ubove- montionod, ' Goulding, who was about forty yoara of ago, was a nativo of Biiglimd, and was formerly a soldierin her Majesty's 15th Foot. Deconsed was u marriod man, and has loft a ' wife nnd threo childi on, who aro at the, present timo resid- ing in Sydnoy, whither tho deceasod was" bent, intonding to ? join them, when ho was suddenly cist down, mid which has terminated in his decease.-Clarence Exaimmr. ?? ' Sihtjck hy Lightning.-"Wo {WesternEraini>ier)ha.ve to record a serious casualty, involving considerable loss, which occurred during the storm on Tuesday, 28th ultimo. On tho day named, Mr. A. Stewart's ham, at tho Canoblas, - was struck by tho olectrio fluid, which completely shattered t the building, and sot .fire to tho produce contained in it, : .Which consisted of from 400 to SOO bushels of whe^t, tho . wholo of which wob complotoly destroyed. By this un-' fortunato event, Mr. Stewart is left with a wifo and family utterly destituto, and under peculiarly distressing oirctun sl nces. John G. Cohen bogs to direct attention to bis sale, at the Bank Auction Booms, this day, at 11, of Japaneso euriositics and ware in ¿great variety, glassware, flower vîmes, ornaments, printed plates, i.e. ; office fiunituie, desks, stools, chairs, io.-Ar>v. Wk ure requested by Messrs. Bradley, Newton, and Lamb to direct especial attention to their unreserved sale, this day, at li o'clock, ul tto résidence of Mis. Stirling, P-iddington-stroet, Paddington, of very superior furnitare, pianoforte, sowlng macbinc, «liver plate, china, &c.;, the wholo of which will bo sold without reten c, in consequence of the dejiarturo oftha family for Europe. For particulars sec catalogues.-Anv. Tins Daj, Tuetduy, ut 11 o'clock.-Tlie fourth and final clearance sale, by public auction, at Messrs. E Euccani and Co.'8, will take place at their Warehouses, No. 253, George-Btrcct. The trade, parties furnishing, and tho public generally aro assured 1>> the auctioneer (R. Muriel) that as the proprietors hive to give np possession of the premises Immediately, the goods must ba sold to the highest bidder, therefore such an opportunity should not bo neglected.-Adv. Intwtaik Estates.-li. Muriel requests us to'.draw attention to hlssalCB, this da), at half-past 2 o'n'ock, at tho rcsidonoe of tho lateMra. J. E. Tighe, Royal Ouk Hotel. Redfern. Tho license, »Uck-ln-trado, and household furniture, &c;, will bo sold.-Anv,. "~Thb Recfttion Commiitee.-In our Bummary of wocecdings in connccfion with tho visit of his ltoyal Highness, contain« d in Satin day's issuo, tho names of Mr. Henry Halloran mid Mr. G. F. Wiso aro omittod in tlio list of members of tho Reception Committee, though thoy appear «niong Umso gentlcmon who received tho Duko on his landing. ¡ , i Siuvment ol' Meat to Enolanh.-It will ho seen that a meeting is to tnko plnco this afternoon, nt 3 o'clook, of gentlemen! interested in the success of tlio Bhipmont of Bicat to-Englnnd untler Mr. Mori's flooding process. Wo undcrsuindJUr-Mort will ho prosontnnd- oxpliiin his views jn tlio mnttor, which will doubtless bo interesting to tho community nt large, ns, if successful, a wido field of enter- prise uiil bo opened, not only ns regards moat, hut pthor i articles of consumption which aro now wasted, hut undor this process'will be tendered available Piiiif.ic ScTintn-Festival at Bowenfels.-On Pri- may last, the 31st ultimo, a voiy pleasing entoitainmont -was ¡pven ioJllfljaipils of tho above scliool by Mr. Andrew Brown,» J-P-i nntl somo other friends, of oducation in this noiglibomhopd. Previous to partaking of tho good things provided for ihpm, tho pupils, numbering fif ty-fivo, assem- bled in11io^)lfi}'t?i tnind, whero thoy woro arranged in rank, and in «n expert mnnncr went through tho usual sohool dnll. -They- afterwards, nttended by Mr. Holding, thoir. teacher, mai ched through tho village singing, nt intorvals, «merni appropriate school songs, -At-3 o'clock thoy 10 rumed to thefechool, where thoy sat down lo tables tastefully laid out, and furnished with viands of a very varied and invit- ing character¿ nnd, judging fiom theii-olieçrful'dcmoanour, the niirhl» scenicd to heartily enjoy tho" repast. ""Af tor tho pupils had been served, the parents and friends presont were also summed with an nmplo tea. Tho tables having, h£Ciircino%ca,.tho_pupils agam nssombled-in tho school. Jlr. Brown took tho chair, and called on tho pupils, according to programme, to sing and recito twonty-ono very EUitoulapiccos-rnrriinged ¡alternately in ' tho order of song and rMitation-f.which tho teacher had prepared for tho cccasioA,!' and irL both pi which oxorcisos tho pupils acquitted themselves ih h manner most creditnhlo to their tenclior and 19 (hoir own jdiligcnco, and which frequently cltcilcd-tko" applause of thoaudionco.'- Tho ohaiiman pro tcnted a-hico'bjipk to each pupil. Tho Rev. A. W. Sinclair addressed tho0paients;and children on tho nature, objects, and end of education. " ' 1 Tub Lau\ cestón Champion Races -¡-On tho subject of tie forthcoming Champion Races at-Launoostonr-tho Cvnucall cGhipnicle¿ of the j2otli ultimo wribas -rho cam» al -««ok of (ho noi thorn c ipital is drawingyary noar, tho CbnWon Races being fixed for Tuosday, Weänosflay, 8idlhursda\ tho 18th, 19th, and 20th 1 obruary This trill bo the best meet that has over taken place in Tasmania iVo will lia} ojb oof tho finest cracks in tho-Australian colonies meet each other in tho Launceston Champion Cup -a three milo race-Tasmania s Stiop, Victoria s Tish hook Sjdncv s lim WhifflèrandrirewcVkBfnnd Adtlnido's Cowra Mondaj, ,tho 10th lojbruary, is tho night of general'cnfn from 7"tot0 p m ,'on or before which day all stales or forfeits must bo jnado good - Heau Hail and Thumieu Storm at Brvidwood -On Ihursday afternoon last an exceedingly heavy hail- storm visited ti o town nnd neighbourhood rho hnil did not lost lonf, but during tho timo it fell it carno down fast and furious the stonos being uncommonly largo, and most of them quite equal to tho suo of an oidinary lion s ogg Tho ground was white with it, and it committed groat ha\oc with tho fruit trees and gardons, ruf weU as domg a deal of damage to many windows, mid pnrticulnrly sky- lights Messrsj-Rodd, Newman, and Pnyno having nearly fort) squares of glass broken in then skylight windows, mid Mr Trazer^lhe ironmonger, having a considerable cumber of squares broken also, bosidos many othor persons m town, Tho hoilstouoB were of all sizes and shapes somo-ofihoJnrgei onos being o\al and very smooth, whuo others of thom wore jagged and prosontea the nrj piaranco of largo lumps of ico, ob if thoy had bocomo dis uilegraled front lar(,o moJsos of ico ThoBO wera the largest audit nos positively dangerous for any ono to bo exposed to thom WfrBavo heard of several instances where fowls, ducks, and pigeons havo boen killed with thom Tho stonn appcirs to havo extended over a circuit of about ten miles1' square, lina in about an hour after it fill tbo Shoalhaven Ri.vor_roso about Jbutieot About an hour and a half after tho hnilstoim wejhad a very heavy thunder storm m whjoh tho lightning was very wid and close, and tho min which accompanied it carno down m tonents for nearly an hour Ino Shonlhavou Euer was unpnfsablo yesterday morning for the Goulburn, mail coach1 which had io roturh, and tho mails woro st irted out ngajn on horseback I ho weather jo tordiyy (wns cloud}, with light drizzling ehowers occasionally During the ston8; a "giri residini, as domestic son ant with Mr Clarke the mnstci of the Public school, wns occ lpiod doing something with a knifo in her hand in tho kitcfion,_whon_ tho ti as knocked down by a flash of lightning which entered thonpirlincut Mr and Mrs Oiarko wei o both in tho lalclituat ti e time and obscnod quite distmctl} the, light ung after plnj mg on tho knife pass away towards tho mo place wheroprobibly it made its exit up tho chinmoy The girl wns found to havo lost he» sight and Dr Gontlo iras immediately colled in and proscribed for her. On tho following morning she had locovered her sight, how-1 ever, weare nappy to Bay, and'she was golfing on very well, wo learnt, yesterday afternoon.-Dispatch. Emu CiiESK.'DroMNOS.-Tho'Burrangong Argw'pi Saturday reports :-The post week has been again quiet-L no sfarlling discoveries to disturb tho monotony of our j progress, or distract publio attention from legitimately pur- suing business. Indeed this gold-fiold appears to havo leconio prematurely old and'wisor for its ago than is usual. Thcro is an utter absenco of nil excitement in conneotion with mining matters. -Shares nre bought and sold for hundicdB of pounds in a serious methodical way, that iffoids nistriking contrast to the oxporienco of tho post, I Whether this chungo is for the better is as yet an,opon question; Business mon maintain tho negativo, but tlio affirmative lins many 'supporters. Either way, ono thing ii certain, that mining matters, aro yory quiet. ' ' A liAnttlSTEll ASSAULTED HY A WoMAN.~At WoSt- . port (accoiding to tho Grey Eivcr Argus) a barrister lins leen whipped by a womnn. . It lippoars thnt_ tho jegal_ gentknrah (Mr. Tylcr)~had soveral timos givon ofiohco, to « Mrs. Haynes, by throwing doubts upon her matrimonial relations whilst bIic wns in the, witnoss-hox. Tho oflbndod fair oncj'dctermincd to havo revenge, cnllod at tho olflco of tho learned counsel, and did there and then administer a severo cnstigation upon him with a piece of supplo-jnck. On a subsequent occasion* she threatened' to repeat tho nn'shmcnt, and tho result was that Mr. Tylor, ,boing in ¡!y fear of her, had her arrested and brought up on a . charge of assault. It como out in tho inquiry' that tho woman was married to Haynes, but had previously boon judicially separated from n former husband, one Chilcott. The lady was bound over to koop tho peace for six months. > The Sunvivoits phom the Skii> Geneuai, Quant. Tho Argus of Thursday contains tho following:-Tho sad story which the last castaways of tho Auckland Islands lavo brought is, wo find, rendered aU tho sadder by tho hard circumstances of thoir presont caso. On Tuesday hist Mr. Tccr, one of tho BUrvivors of tho Gonoral Grant, waited em tho Chiof * Secretary, with a letter'from his Honor John R. Taylour, Superintendent of Southland, recommending him ns on old New Zealand settlor, lately n pilot in the Southland corvico, and therefore particularly capalilo of giving all information connected with the pre- cautions .taken and suggested by the New Zealand Govern- ment against similar disasters in tho future. Tho docu- ment also served as Mr. Tcer's credentials, in represent- ing tho poor caso of tho unfortunite survivors of tho wrecked General Grant, now in Victorin, and not only com- pletely destituto in thoir pecuniary circumstances, but suffer- ing from a peculinr physical complaint, tho result of thoir long residence on tho desert island, and which incapaci- tated thom from ordinary oxortion. Mr. M'Culloch sont Mr, Tcor to tho Minister of Customs, and consequently tho latter was wailed upon yesterday morning. Mr. Francis at onco sent for tho shipping-master, Mr. J, J. Shillinglaw, who told him that tho Government, os a Government, could do nothing for tho poor pooplo, tho General Grnnt having boon an American vossol, and Ita Imperial Acts precluding tho oxtonsion to the survivors of tho assistance which would havo boon in tlioirs had flicy.sailed in an English bottom. It then bocamo Thin that the only thing to bo dono was to form a com- mittee nnd appeal to tho public, and Mr. Francis at onco Ïathis name down for fivo guineas. Tho shipping-master, owevcr, determined to fire another shot, and appoalod for nsMtancc to General Latham, tho United States Consul, who, in Ids tura, said ho could do nothing but join any committee, or in any publie movement, for tho relief of the distraed people. The nmttcr stands at prosont nt this point. Md tho only thing dono has been to obtain medical assis- tance from tho Melbourno Hospital, that tho poouliar malady of the survivors may he ascertained and remedied. Wo may add that Mr. Francis does not seo his way to send iny^efkcl from "Victoria to tho Auckland Islands, as tho Aaheist whaler, in wliich tho castaways woro brought to Hew Zealand, has been sent back to tho islands ; hut tho Meterían Government havo communicated with hor "»J«"} s commodore nt Sydney, and also with tho Im I*rinl Government, with tho view of gotthig tho Auckland fid anjmul-y visited, and doposits of provisions loft iMrOBTAStE OF THE PnOLETAIUAN ELEMENT.-M. uurnit, m n masterly lecture treating of tho t-radual organisation and elevation, in Franco, of tho Bourgeois, or Wr J dllrin& tn° M'ddlo Agos,'by moans of tho jurmuiion of municipalities, or communos, has oxprossod »mMl{inthofollowingtorms:-»Tho importance of this rwtion of our histoiy is ovident. No ono can bo ignorant i,."iBrl?t.P,irtwWch t-ho Tie"> Etat, or citizen class, -jus played in !. ranee, for it has proved tho most activo and necMivo element in French civilisation; that wliioh, after ii. J"- ?-8t 6Cru,i»y» will bo found to havo dotorminod i^!"i ecll.cn. nnd itB character. Considered in a. ihiVd ir ^i U viow' nnd'' 'm its rotations with iw. -?V,a?MS which havo coexisted in our territory, S".T*hM°een Mined tho « Tiors-Etat," or citizen ffiJîî? ProÏÏc8sively cxtendod itsolf-has olovatod, ínXliiffTH'y, modified, then surmounted, and 2H^-absorbed everything elso. Rcgardodfrom a rd» £ ^ °,f wew' ú on0 folloWB th0 Tiei?9 Etat in its reunions with the general govornnicnt of tho country, wo i,.Z . mi(A for moro tHI"i six conturios with royalty, rJXVnCC''-B<111!ly t0 BUUvorttho feudal aristocacy, in iiinn.Ji0 ravso in tIlcir Placo °'1<! central power, a puro Z»Ä' ncnrl>' rosombling, in tho main, at all ovlnts, S Äl° iül?ni,rcny. But as soon as tho citizen class ttÄ « Vlcl0,'>' and nccomplish that rovolution, thoy XlT.i cr Rometl'ins else. Thoy attacked thnt ono SrS,wP?Ycr,otwllich» "* a cmsB> th°V had so greatly the *, to Ia>'lho foundation, nnd undertook to chango ihat i ,no,nnrcfty into n constitutional monarchy. In ÎiwL.V À% hiXV0 "lct v'ith e1ual success."-Fi'ife Ho20J Cml,zah°>' '»» -Fwi«. Yoi. 4 (10th lecture), 