MELBOURNE. [from our correspondent.! . Wednesday, 2xov'. 25. Tiie public and. official "reception of the Eight Eev Bishop Goold -took place this morning, in St. Patrick's Cathedral, -which was densely crowded from ah early hour of the day, chiefly by the children attending the Cathedral schools, in the city. A pro cession of clergymen, dressed .in. -their ecclesiastical robe3, and a large number of' laymen entered the central door .of the Cathedral about noon, and the Bishop, on: entering the sacred edifice gave his bene diction to the assemblage, and the choir, at the same moment sang the Tc Dcttm. His Lordship, followed by the members of the-committee, took their places-near the altar, and the Hon. John O'Shan assy read the following address:'— "To the Eight Beverend James Alipius Goold," D.D., Lord Bishop of Melbourne.— May it please your lordship: "We, the clergy and laity, of the diocese of Melbourne, are here assembled to express our heartfelt joy at your lordship's return amongst us, and at the same- time to manifest our gratitude for your thoughtful solicitude for us while absent. The deep anxiety always evinced by your lordship for the educa tional wants of your people, constrain us to refer to the insidious, but happily unsuc cessful, attempts made during your absence upon our dearest rights, in the endeavour: to deprive.our Cathode youth of religious instruction in.our-public schools; and we hope that with united action any similar attempt at injustice will be" frustrated. "We -feel'grateful that you have made provision for further advancing the interests of..education by the introduction to the diocesb". of those devoted instructors of youth.'.' (the Christian Brothers), whose labours in all parts of the .world have secured them the highest reputation. Un der the prudent and faithful guidance of your lordship's representative, the Very Eev Dr.Eitzpacrick, V.G., the various good works your lordsnip initiated in all parts of the diocese have " progressed in a manner which we humbly trust will meet with your approval. ■ This temple alone, in which we are assembled, testifies that the faith of the Catholics of "Victoria ha3 not grown cold, and that their zeal has not languished. "We trust that your lordship's return will stimu late us in the pursuit of virtue, and unite us all still more cordially in co-operating for the highest interests: of tho church., "We give God thanks that you have returned in good health, and we ■ earnestly pray that you may long continue in the enjoyment of that vigour requisite to discharge the arduous and sacred; functions which God has committed to your charge.—Signed at the request and , on .behalf of the. Ca tholic clergy and laity of .Victoria,—John O'Shanassy, Eev Isaac Moore, S. J., A. C. :Brownless, M.D., Eev J. J. Bleasdale, DJD , Michael O'Grady, G. V. Barry, hon. sec." His Lordship replied at some length to the address, expressing his pleasure on return ing to the' colony to find so warm and 'affectionate a reception. He. wont on to refer to. the state of education in,the colony," and expressed his- regret that the state had imposed certain restrictions which had been adverse to the 1 diffusion of - instruction, among the youth of the Boman Catholic community^ In securing'the services of" a ' number of the Christian brotherhood, whose laboura were acknowledged and appreciated by the Church in all parts of the world, he had done something to remedy this evil. The Roman Catholic body had been wronged by their virtual exclusion from the public schools, and from their due proportion of the Educational grant. Eor such was the effect of the recent regulations with; regard to Common schools. His Lordship expressed in iceling terms his grateful thanks to the rev. gentlemen who had acted for him in his absence, and who had faithfully discharged the duties of the. position!.! Hie declared his high opinion,of the zeal and fidelity of- the priesthood, and repeated his thanks for the' hearty,welcome which.they and the laity had accorded to him oh his returu, ■ He was honored with the instructions of His Holiness the Hope to convcy to them the thank3 of. the head, of" the Church for the .-liberality of their annual' subsidies, -which.' had arrived most opportunely, arid he was empowered to bestow on them the Apostolic benediction, which ."he would do on . Sunday .next in that, cathedral.'. The procession then reformed and retired to the vestry, and the laity who had assembled to do honor to the occasion gradually dispersed. The . body .' of the church was densely crowded throughoht fhd'prqege^ihgg 'by the ■leading Gatholics of the' metropolis, ivliq showed by their anxiety to catch the words as they fell from the Bishop, their hearty, .interest, in .the proceedings, and their sincere participation in the welcome to which expression was being given. At the-police court to-day Edward Good-. liffe, the organist c£ Brighten Church, was; committed to take his trial on two charges of forgery and uttering; also, of larceny as" a bailee for converting to his own use a cheque of —10 10s, with which lie was en trusted by Professor Hughes, for the pur pose of paying into the bank. Ha washbd committed for stealing music from tlie professor.'' It' will he remembered'that the unfortunate mistake of arresting Mr Huglie3 was committed by the detectives ! in tliis case. Goodlifl'o not only appro priated the cheque with which ho v.ae en trusted, but 'availed himself of the opportunity of its possession to imitate the signature of the- drawer, the Rev. Edward Nolan, which he affixed to two other cheques of J; 10 10s and £o 16s Sd respectively, one of which he passed at Messrs Buckley and Nunn, drapers, of Bourke street, and the other at the Monster Clothing Company, He endorsed the latter cheque with the naine of Professor Hughes, which led to the arrest of that gentleman at the instance of a detective vdiose zeal outran his discretion. A meeting of the Melbourne shareholders in the Band of Hope and Albion Consols was held this morning at the Criterion Hotel, on the requisition of Captain Dane. There was a very small attendance, and there was nothing done. It appeared to be the object of the requisitionist to find fault with the management of Mr Forbes, with a view to replace him. The swindling Count Von Altein has verylitely got to the end of his tether. The last-we heard of him wa3 that he had sailed from Cape Tort to Batavia, in his yacht, the Hamlet's Ghost, after victimis ing a few of the Capo Yorkers. "When he arrived in Batavia they were not altogether unprepared for him, as appears from: a paper published there in the middle of last month. His Countship went through the same role'as He played amongst our friends,' "over the border,'paying. for everything by drafts on his bankers. The Batavian authorities, believing that his bills of ex change were like the ghost of Hamlet, the shadow • without ;;thfe-. substance, quietly lodged his Countship in jail, pending further inquiries. In all likelihood later advices would soon reach them from Aus tralia. "We 'shall likely hear more of him anon. 