I TUE FEBRUARY MAGAZINES. Most readers will bo sorry that Mrs. Oli phant's story of " Tho BroAvnloAvs " has como to an end in Blackxoood, and will have recog- nised the deep insight into human nature dis- played by tho authoress, and her ivondorf ul skill in oxhibiting tho play of character under the influence of complox motives. Among tho female Avriters of tho day Mrs. Oliphant stands second to Miss Evans only as a psycho- logist; and there is a passage in the last chapter but two of the book, descriptivo of tho power of intense and sustained emotion to interpose a great chasm between two periods of time othcrivisc closely rolatcd, Avhich denotes either an acute experience, or a power of imagination almost akin to intuition on the part of tho Avriter. A review of the recently published Memoris of Sir Philip Francis, docs not tend to place tho conduct and capacity of that self-seeking politician in a A'cry fa\'ou rabio light, not to offer much assistance towards clearing up the literary mystery with which his name is associated. Mr. Lever protests against Irish- men proper being classed and confounded, with "renegade Yankees, or Hibenio-Nevr Yorkers," and asks "why the Irish rebel, manufactured in America, should bo taken as tho symbolic Irishman ; and why a people Avithhi a foAvhours'sailfromEnglandshould bo indiscriminately pronounced savages because a small fraction of them hai'e taken to blood- shed for a livelihood, and madorapino a profes- sion?" The political articlo in this month's Bhchioood is also devoted to Fcnianism, and is written in a very fair and temperate spirit, Avidely differing from the truculence and sour Scottish fanaticismwhich used to characterise such articles in this magazino twenty or thirty years ago. A distinction is drawn between Irishmen and Fenians ; and it is argued that " the passion for land and the cravings of empty stomachs lie at tho very foundation of Irish disaffection in Ireland ;" ivhilc copious extracts aro givon from Mr. Maguirc's book, to shoAV hoAV hard Irishmen work and IIOAV well they thrive in couutries ivhcro their earth-hunger can bo effectually appeased. It is pointed out that there is no connexion between Roman Catholicism and Fenian ism; since " the Roman Catholic priesthood, both in the United States and British America, os well as in Ireland, are all but unanimous in discouraging, and, when occasion calls, in denouncing, Fcnianism and its objects, nono of which are of a nature to ivin the favour of the Church." The Highland journal of what the revioAvcr calls h¡3 "Highland Quoon,'' meets with the customary panegyric ; and the pictures it presents us of court life in the leign of Victoria may be advantageously con- trasted with those Avhich aro furnished o£ the samo life in the early part of the Georgian era, by another contributor to this number. Professor Morley, in the Fortnightly Review, chaunts tho praises of throo Yorltshire poems written thirteen hundred years ago, and de- monstrates their value, both in a philological and an ethnological point of vieiv. Tho griev- ances of Ireland and their practical romedies aro discussed by M. Leslie, Avho incidentally recommends that the United States should bo placated by tho concession of British Colum- bia and Vancouver's island. Mr. Whyte Mel- ville's brilliantly Avxilten story, The WhiteRose, bascóme to an end, but tho coupe de théâtre by which ho has got the miller's daughter out of the Avay, is a clumsy artifice, not at all in keeping with the generally artistic con- struction and development of the ivork. Mr. Godkin puts in a strong plea for tho abolition of the Established Church in Ireland, and ox poses unsparingly tho bigotry and intolerance of some of the Protestant sects in that coun- try, of Avhich tho following is a characteristic illustration:-"About thirty years ago, the Kel'. Josiah Wilson was the much-respcotcd minister of a small Presbyterian congrega- tion in Drogheda. There Avas some pressing ilistrcss in tho town at the timo, and, at tho request of the Relief Committee, Mr. Wilson and ono of the parish priests ivent round from houso to house to collect funds. The priest Arenturing to mako some advance towards breaking down the social barrier tliat separated Protestants and Catholics, took the arm of his reverend companion as they walked along the street. Instantly tho Presbyterian minister stopped short, and dis- engaging himself, ran into a shop, and when he returned, he thrust his umbrella under the arm next to tho priest. Tho incident was noticed in tho newspapers, and Mr. Wilson published a letter in ono of tho journals, in which he vindicated tho course ho had adopted, declaring that hq felt 'a thrill of horror ' run through his frame the momont the priest's hand AVOS laid on his arm !" Exemplary Christian ! The progress of railway cntcrpriso in Russia is detailed and commented upon by Mr. Giffen. About 5,000 miles nre projected, of which moro than half may bo said to bo completed. One result of this groat work will bo to pour into tho markets of Western Europo enormous quanti- ties of corn, for which no outlot now exists, owing to tho want of roads of any kind be- tween the remoto districts in which it is grown and the great contres of population at home and abroad. Mr. Giffen anticipates, therefore, that "the prico of grain will bo borne down to a lower level on all our mar- kets." Such an anticipation is ivorth reflect- ing upon by tho corn-groivcrs of Australia. Moral philosophy, politics, natural history, und fiction aro judiciously blended in the February number of Fraser. As a matter of course, tho Queen's nciv book is noticod at length, and equally of courso the Irish question comes up to tho surface ; and tho land system and the Church Establishment ore denounced as the twin roots of Irish dis- affection ; whilo tho necessity of exceptional legislation is insisted upon for the' protec- tion of tho cultivators of the soil against tho cupidity and the exterminating povvor of their landlords. If Irish wrongs aro not righted, it will not bo for want of earnest efforts to that end by tho literary class in England, among whom lhere prevails a remarkable unanimity of sentiment on this subject. Thodcfocts of tho system of education in forco' at the English Unii-orsities aro lucidly indicated by "A Don," and some practical suggestions aro brought forivurd for obviating thom. Shirley appears to havo resumed his pen again, and in a gossiping article, entitled "BythoRivor Side," he 'says a few Avords in favour of nerrick, justly complaining that his exquisite verses nro ivondrously little known, and citing somo of thom, in order to show how subtlo is their feeling, how musi- cal their flow, and now graceful their cxpicssion. A rovioAV of tho collected essays of Max Müller ; somo pleasant talk about the NOAV Forest ; and a sketch of tho astonishing rei-elations made by tho spectro- scope Avith respect to tho actual constitution of tho great nebuho in Orion- will each repay perusal. Professor Arnold returns to the subject of auaTchy and authority in tho Cornhill Maga- zine'; classifying English society into three diiisions- barbarians, philistines, and popu- lace-and deducing from tho defects of each tho necessity of subjecting all to tho rulo of right reason embodied in the state ; or, ia other words, to the authority of a na- tural aristocracy of intellect and character. But hoAv this is to bo established, Avhon thero is so general a disposition, if not determination, on tho part of all free com- munities to acknowledge no superiority oE any kind, mental or moral, and lo i'ciicrato nothing but material success, is a point upon, which, we trust, the professor will hereafter enlighten us. A choice essay on tho three. great lyrists, Horace, Burns, and «oranger, reminds-or, peihaps, it Avould' ho better to say instructs-us hoivmuch thoy resembled each other in condition and teumera.rn.cnv i now their genius reposed Hjort a common I basis ; and how they worked upon the same I Material,in a kindred spirit. There is a great fund of shrewd common sense and worldly philosophy in the "Chapters on Talk*' which aro appearing in this maga- zine; and we observo that they are being made the text of articles in some .of the ablest of the weekly journals in London. His summary, however, of the ?qualifications of a first-class talker will bo the despair, wo should imagine, of most aspi- rants to that -distinction. The two lighter papers in the present number are more than counterpoised by a heavy aiticle on iron forts «uid shields. _ St. Paul's Magazine is assuming every .month a moro decidedly political com- plexion. In the current number there aie ürsfc, an article asserting the claims of Mr. 'Gladstone to the leadership of the new House 'of Commons; secondly, a very impartial statement of the píos and cons with regard to the abolition of the lush Church ; thirdly, an essay on aimy ícform ; and, fourthly, the adventures of Phineas Finn, in which the editor piofesses to show us British legislators off the stage. For countiy gentlc .men there is a paper in which the ethics of -game-preseiving are treated of in connexion 'with the effects pioduced upon the goneral interests of shooting, in consequence of the introduction of the breech-loader; and for the cynics who haunt the West-End clubs there is a paper on "human lig nites," by which phi ase the writer de- signates the ineit ingredients of society tho unambitious, the impassive, and the indifferent. But the analogy attempted to bo established between the ligneous part of plants and the ligneous element in asso dated human life is both far-fetched and over-strained. In the clever, but disagreeable, story of "All for G reed" we have perhaps as striking an exhibition of the essential dif- ference between Ficnch and English love making, and that, too, from the pen of a French writer, as it would be possiblo to imagine ; and nothing can be moro difficult than to feel the slightest inteiest in the uffuirs of Riehaid Prévost and Mademoiselle Fclicie. We suppose it is owing to the fact that the tone of her writings is more French than English that "Ouida" is indebted for the honour of an appearance in the pages of the ' Revue des Deux Mondes, where M. Forgnes has presented a translation of one of lier un wholesome stories, which does not appear to advantage side by side with the fiction con- tributed to the samo pages by George Sand. Reviewing the piogress of .geographical dis 'covery in Central Africa, and glancing at' the colonising efforts of England and France îespeclivcly, M. Blcrzy contendí that the lattci power is moro humant to the aboriginal races of the countries it occupies than the former ; while he is of opinion that Africa is about to enter upon a new epoch of its history, and that its vast and fertile table lands are destined to become the seats of powerful empires, in which the white and coloured races will be gradually amalgamated. An appreciative essay on the founder of modern philosophy in France, from the pen of M. Janet, is directed to re- store Descartes to that elevation from which the modern reaction against tho Cartesian system has tended to depose him. In the main, M. Janet's views of tho great French man coincide with those of Hegel, by whom he is regarded as a creator, a founder, and a hero. An ingenious dis quisition on the sensibility of plants opens up some interesting speculations a to the physiology of the vegetable woild Accoidingto the writer, this sensibility pro coeds from cellular contractility, and ii closely analogous to the phenomena of nor vous and muscular initability in the anima woild, constituting the vitfl act of the plan 3>ar excellence. Indeed the possibility is sng gested that plants aie capable of suffering a: well as human beings. Imagine the peiiodica agony of a laige v incyaid ! M. do Caine con tinues his histoiy of tho states of Brittany and M. de Lavcleye somewhat taidily sum maiises the results of the voyasc undcitakei by the Austuau frigato Novaia, ant aiiives at the conclusion that the axis o humanity is being giadually displaced, am that the political balance is leaning towaid this hemispheie,-that while Eui ope is ex hausting hoi self by costly wars, or an armei peace, and is menaced by social crises of th most alarming character, the colonies o Australasia aio gi owing populous and pic fcperous ; aie applying all theil forces to th development of their nattual riches ; and tim the only hope foi the old woild lies in such . confederation of states, such a geneial ador tionofthc principles of fice tiade, sucha assimilation of laws, political institution! and monetaiy sjstems as will lead to th discontinuance of standing annies and to th . unity of tho continent. "Without personr governments," writes M. do Lavcleye " this beautiful dream would becotu a icalily half a centuiy hence." J cxitiquo on M. Feuillet's stoiy of M. d . Camois, by M. Montegut, is maikcd by .delicacy of analjsis and a subtlety of obse: vation such as we do not often meet wit outside of French liteiatuie; while it is m eveiy Fiench critic who would be enabled t . delect in the dialogue of a novel a possibl ^-unconscious plagiarism from the Wintci Talc of Shakspeaic. M. Foicade, in-h Jiotes on ciment allans, continues to spea out with no unceitain voice as to the necc «¡ty of extending the political Hbeities of tli Fiench people and of îcstiainingtbc peiaoni power of ciovvned heads. Tennjsou contributes to Macmillan a coup' of verses, lislied up uppaiently fiom ti bottom of his wuste-papci basket, and d signed to set foi th the vendable moial tin "Virtue is its own îewnid." They migl 'hare been left wlieie they wore without doti mont to tho public, and with advantage to li own reputation. Somo recollections of ti late Metropolitan of Moscow serve to abo how modem thought is bl caking down ti dogmatism of even the rigidly oithodt j Greek , Chinch. "liealmah" is going c and on, and would be vciy toleiable it veie not foi the naiiative. Miltor , pioso woiks meet with veiy few îeade now-a-days, and theiefoio 1'iofessoi Se ley's excellent analjsis of his politic .opinions will not leCeive the attention deserves. The paiallel which the profess ,draw8 between tho austcie poet of ti ^Commonwealth and the cynical philosoph of Cliejno Walk is a veiy happy or "Milton," itjs obseived, "is tho piophet .national health," tes Cttilyle is the piophet national decaj'. Milton is compared to " o watching the sunrise." It is equally true th ,tho glow on Cailjle's fuco is that of sunst In other woids, Milton belongs to t .licginning of an age, Cailjle to the end of i ¡ jigc. (Cailyle's despair was produced in him .lils fniluie to find in the society aiouud hi the foices ncccssoiy to supply the place those that weie dying." Eight or nine pag aie .devoted to tho description of a t boulder in Scotland, conjecluicd to ha .drifted southwaid on a raft of ice; and further, instalment of Miss Yonge'« sto revives .the locollection of the hoiioisoft inassacic of St. Baitholomcw. Au essay < the chainctcr of Lady Macbeth, by the nie Her conception of it dulcis materially fio that of Mrs. Jameson, as might be expecte perlmps, from the more masculine naturo the ciitic, and her sun ey of it appears to tobe less complete. A common-place Colloq ju Gieyfiiais," and some smoothly wiitt terses by George Meredith, constitute' the i Millie of th« contents of the eui rent numb toi Macmillan. , Excepting the serial stories, two of vvhi< Pic being steadily wound of! the reel by tin. respective authors, most of tho contributions' to tho Lublin University Magazine, strike ono as having been transferred bodily to its pages from the common-place books of half a dozen reading men, with a taste for desultory study | anti habits of industry and methodical ar- rangement ; Avriters, in short, like Messrs. Thoms and Timbs. Thus M» Lenient's recent ivork, La Satire en France au XVle Siècle, is apparently undergoing evisceration, Avithout acknowledgement ; and the same process is being employed, but with an acknowledgement, in regard to a AVOII known Avork on the old French stage ; while the choicest passages are extracted from Alex- andre Dumas's Histoire 'des mes Bates, which, it may be necessary to remark, is not a family chronicle, but relates to the quadru-, peds under his protection. Even the paper . on " Ancient, Modiawal, and Mod-em Preach- j ing,"is a rifaccimento of extracts from that, ponderous and pretentious book ivhich Mr. i Paxton Hood lias put together under tho \ fanciful title of Lamps, Pitcleers, and Trum- pets. The Atlantic Monthly opens with a paper ón smoking, in which the pernicious conse- quences of that habit, physically, morally, and mentally, are mercilessly exposed. "No smoker," observes the writer, " who has ever trained severely for a race, or a game, or a fight, needs to be told that smoking reduces the tone of tho system, and diminishes all the forces of the body : he knows it." Horace Greeley's observation is quoted to the effect that " when a man begins to smoke, he imme- diately becomes a hog ;" and it is mentioned that not less than £100,000,000 sterling per annum are expended on the noxious weed. "Among the nations of the earth most uni versally addicted to smoking," remarks the writer, who was for thirty years a slave to the degrading practice, " are the Turks,- the Per- sians, the Chinese, and the Spanish,-all slaves of tradition, submissive to tyrants, un- enterprising, averse to improvement, despisers of women." Speaking of his own experience, he says, " I beg respectfully to assure the brotherhood of smokers that it does not pay to smoke. It really does not. I can work better and longer than before. I have less headache. I have a better opinion of myself. I enjoy exercise more, and stop out much more vigorously. My room is cleaner. The bad air of our theatres and other public places disgusts and infuriates me more, but exhausts me less. I think I am rather better tempered, as well as more cheerful and satis- fied. I endure tho inevitable ills of life with more foititude, and look forward more hopefully to the coming years. It did not pay to smoke, but, most decidedly, it pays to stop smoking." Vhat -will the Mawworms, the Cantwells, the Stiggenses, and the Chadbands say to the sixth chapter of "George Silverman's Ex- planation," by Mr. Charles Dickens? The author must have sat, note-book in hand, in one of those conventicles in which, as he puts it, the preachers proclaim their familiar knowledge of tho ways of the Almighty, and "invest the Supreme Ruler of Heaven and Earth, in their inordinate conceit and daring ignorance, with their own miser- able meannesses and littlenesses." The language attributed to Brother Hawk yard, shocking and impious as it ap- peals, is by no means exaggerated. It is such as often falls from the lips of men audaciously professing to be habitually ad- mitted to the most secret councils of their Maker :-"I knew the Lord would put into my mouth the words I wanted; and he did put into my mouth the words I wanted. And why? Because I have been his faithful servant for five and thirty years, and because he knows it. For five and thirty years ! And he knows it, mind you ! I got those words that I wanted on account of my wages. I got 'em from the Lord, my fellow- sinners. Down. I said, "There's a heap of wages due ; let us have some- thing down on account. And I got it down, end I prid it over to you, and you won't wrap it up in a napkin, nor yet in a towel, nor yet in a pocket handkercher ; but you'll put it out at good interest. Very well." " A Week in Sybaris," exposes some of the errors and follies of our social life in much the same way that the political evils of France were sati- rized by M. Laboulaye in Paris en Amérique. In a paper on the " Characteristics of Genius," ive aie told that "Tho bono of American genius is popu'aiity ;%tho pursuit ond the tyranny of the populcr vote. Without the popular vote no Aincricpn 's great or blessedi Our heaven is an elective prii liege ; not to^be popular is the Americrn hell." Besides the articles ive have indicated, there arc ncaily a dozen others of average merit. Not to he behind the American Athens, the foremost literaiy men of the State of New Yoik have combined their forces in a new periodical entitled Putnam's Monthly, the publisherof ivbiclns himself a man of letters, and AI ill be faA- ourably remembered by many of his old London rssociatcs Avho became acquainted with him during his residence in Waterloo-place, PrU-mall. Among the con Uibutois, we find the names of Messrs. Duychinck, Bayaid Taylor, Tackennan, Motley, Elliott, Sedley, and Stanton, and the opening number, which contains a portrait of Geneial Giant, executed by a process dis- covered in Melbourne, is full of promise. Harper's New Monthly pursues a jog-trot cc-.irse, "content in decencies to dwell for CA-er." Most of the ai ¡ ides have that sort of negative merit which Benedick attributed to Beatiice, ivhen he said she was " too low for a high praise, too brown for a fair praise, and too little for a great preise." Among the moie noticeable papers is one on the manu- factories and political life of Sheffield, and anothor on the Queen's book, which is praised in a very cordial spirit by the republican lcvicwer. ,,, The cuircnt number of Tinsleu is, as Lamb said of roast sucking pig, "good throughout." Miss Cobbe replies io an American Fenian, and declares that the loyal Anglo-Irish race conipii'hends "the wiiole property, the Avhole industiy, the whole intelligence of Ireland ;" Avhilu she asks which of tho two races has the best light to bo recognised by England as tho Irish people? "Is it," she says, " the Ame- rican Fenians, Avho abandoned Ireland long ago, and hove become citizens of anothor state, Avho tell us openly that no sacrifices we can offer them, nothing short of the dismein beiment of our empire, will appease theil rancour? Is it these Americans, or those other I1 enians Avho, divelliiig still in Ireland, have earned nothing, done nothing for theil OAvn or the public benefit, but havo kept up incessant disaffection and'distill banco, to the ruin ,of Ireland's industry and commerce." Under the- heading of "A Colonial Minister," we have on account of an electioneering campaign by Messrs. J. M. Grant and B. G. Davies, and of borne coniivial doings at the Shamiock in Spndhurst, with a not ? very complimentary estimate of the capacity of the former honourable gentleman. ' Some excellent hints with respect to accomplishing hugo charitablo results with comparatively small means, nill be found in a paper en- titled "Something like Charity," descrip- tive of tho children's dinner-table established by the rector of Marylcbono; and tho '"English Photographs," by an American, contains somoj i-ery jutt strictures imon the miserable accommodation furnished by the jiioprietoi's of English steamboats, ¡and, for the matter of that, by colonial packets also, as compared with the 'loominess, comfort, and ck'grnco of American steamers! From the " Flaneur at the Play" ive borrow the fo'loAving capital mot:- "A manager who has never yet been accused of humour, ivrotc to a leading actress, asking hor to play an engagement at the autumnal opening of his theatre, and bcgg'ug her to name her terms. The lady, in reply, expressed lier willingness to accede to the piopositiou ; her tcims Avere fíiO a night. Tho manager's reply was this*-'Hear» Madam,-Make it shillings, and it's a bargain.' " Colbum's New Monthly and Peniley's Mis- cellany may be classed with the fossils of periodical Kteiature. They are bolh edited by Mr. Ainsworth, contributed to by the same writers, and put together "on the same principles. Francis Jacox strings together a lot of quotations about tcjrs in Colktm, and does the same in resord to leave-taking in Bentley. The one has an GI tide on Abyssinia ? in general, and the othrr on King Theodoras in particular. FeniaW'sm in Ameiica sup- plies« text for a disscitalion in Bentley, and Fenian conspiracies are treated of in Coliurn, and so on, and so on. Belgravia is distinguishing itself as much by the excellence of its illustrations as by the quality and -variety of its literary mattsr. Miss Braddon's story appears to mark the point of her departruic fiom her old to a new style; and her powers are ga'Vug strength as they are gaining -maturity. Her delineations of cbaiacter appear to,bo more indebted to observation of human natme thon to an active imagination as heretofoie, and Mis. Jorning hpm promises to be one of the ti ucst femulo poiuaiturcs she has yet produced. Mr. G. A. Sa'a is once moro doing battle for the sensationalists in literature and art, and claims Shokspeare and the Elizabethan dra- matists, Ceiíontes, Cnmoers, M^lo's, Hol manHvnt, Woolner, Ruskin, Darwin, Fechter, SpvTgeon, Dr. Newinpn, Maurice, C. Kingsley, About Napoleon III., B'srnarck, nd Gari- baldi, as all belonging to the eersalional school in their respective walks. Lut for ullra-sensationaMsrn eommend us to a ghost story in Temple Bar, by the author of Cometh vp as a Ftotur. The nameless apparition haunting a house in May Fair, drives one spectator mad with terror, and apps Is üio second to death ; and this, declaies the writer, "''s a tiue story." After peiusing which, the reader will be prepared to enjoy the humorous epitaphs collected in tho suc- ceeding article ; the best of them being Irish. ex. gr. : " Under this stone Ho tvio babies iloar ; One is buried II. " Hero iles Lady O'Loony, Great nir-co ol Burke, eoinmonly called 'Tho Sublime.' Slio vi as bland, passionate, and deeply religious ; Also, BIIC painted in uator-colours. And sent several pictures to the Exhibition She vi as fust cousin of Lady Jones ; And ot such is the Kingdom of Heaven." The Broadway scarcely maintains the posi- tion which it challenged when it first stilted ; and Mrs. Wood's story, which con- stitutes the leading attraction of the Argosy, is so ultra-sensational as almost to outrage probability. 