\----4--- At a meeting of the committee of the members of the Alexandra Musical Union, held last Friday. evening, the secretary, Mr. FI. M. Taylor, read a statement which went to show that the, gross proceeds of the late concert amounted to L7. Os. The total ox. pgndituro-printing, advertising, and other necessary expenses-was only L3 9s, thus leaving a,balance of L5 to be devoted to charitable purposes. Now that the criohketinpgseaspn has fairly set in, it is matter of astonishment that. no attempt has been made to establish. or. re ,organise our local club. The reason of this may be,. that moat of our experienced cricketers have. migrated to Godfrey's or the Whroo, but surely there are enough lovers of the manly. and,healthful game left in Alexandra to get.up.a team which, would do credit to the township and district. We hope our cricketing friends. will bestir. them selves,in thi. matter. The charge of manslapghter. brou,:ht. asaiast MIr Maurice Davis, at Jamleson, has been disposed of by the Attorney General refusing to, proceed In the matter. We have received a prospectus of the Polynesia Company, (limited). The pro posed capital is 1,100,000, in 50,000. shares of L2 each. The object of the company is I to utaliwi the i nrjj. of the Pacific hitherto unsettled upon hIy white population, by in tr -ducing the ctltivation of cotton, sugar, cotlTe, and other tropical productions. The first uttempt will be made on the Fiji group, where there is already a considerable white population. 'IThe proposed company has a wite field of opciation, and if properly managed, an excellent prospect of becom ing the most important company in the sout hern hemisphere. The St. Leon Troupe mad'e their second appearance on Saturday evening last. Their performance was considerably varied, and as a whole is about the most amusing and en tertaining that has visited this 'ownship. We are by nq means fastidious in stage cfl'cr, but we cannot approve of the Can Can stylo of Mdlleo. Rachdl's "dancing. t It Triay please a portion of the audience, but unless the style is somewhat modified that portion of the programme should be blotted out which says that " there is nothing done which can offend the most fastidious." On Thursday last we were visited with one .of those remarkab!y sudden changes in the weather which, are. pqcaliar to our climate, After several sultry, hot days, which hpd become almost unendurable, a squall of wind arose which for a short time threatened, to m carry the roofs off several :houses, and made great havoc.amongst clothes hanging out to dry. This, was succeeded by a fall of rain that had a most salutary effect on the '. atmosphere, which Las remained pleasantly cool ever since. A very amusing breach of promise case was heard on Wednesday last, before Judge Barry, in the Supreme Court, Melbourne It appeared on evidence that a certain carpen ter had made promises of everlasting love to a young lady who kept an infant school at Emerald Hill, which promise did not end 'as anticipated, in matrimony. The young lady had been induced to give up her school under .the prospect of being otherwise provided for. An amusing amatory, lIttor, very badly spelt, was handed into court, which produced great .amusement. The jury founddamages to the amount of L100- as a balm for the y?qlng lady'swouneded .fbeliugs, ' The usual meeting of the Alexandra Road :Board, on Thursday evening last, lapsed in coqnsequenpe of there being no quorum preseic. An accident. of a very serious nature ,happened on Saturday,. evening last to MIrs Green, a little beyond M1'Kenzie's Gap. It appears that Mr Green was driving his wife and daughter in his dog-cart, and,was retuno ing home when the wheel ' of the dpg- cart came violently against a stump, upsetting the vehicle and throwing Mr Green with his wife and daughter violently on the ground. IMrs Green's log was broken and 31r Green's face cut, but the little girl fortunately es capad uninjured. Mrs Green being an elderly lady and not very strong this accident places her in a very precarious position. Dr Bainbridge is in attendance, apd so far there are no unfavorable symptoms. We notice that Mir Alloway, of Alexandra, has been appointed Electoral Registrar for the Merton division of the Dalbousie Dis trict, and Eastern Province. Arrangements have been entered into for the erection of a machine at Ghin Ghin. The reefs of that district have been tested and found to contain good payable stone. The starting. of this machine will no doubt 'have the effect of improving the general :prospects of the place. An. intelligent practical miner of this place, staw.ed to us a few days ago, his thoroughl conviction that a deep lead of gold exists between the Big Hill and Longwood. The basaltic and granite forma tion of the locality corresponds with other placos where such leads are known to exist. A letter has been written to 1Ir Solwyn. on tho.subject which may have the effect of directing attention to the locality. An accident which will unfortunately cause a temporary inconvenience to those travel. ling along the Thornton road occurred to MUr Knowles' punt on Friday morning, whereby the large boat is at present sub merged. The accident seems to be the result of instflficient calking, and the extreme heat of the, weathler must hav.o had anopen ing effect upon the timbers at that side of the punt. where oie Ileak occurred. The punt will soon, be again afloat; in the moan time the. river is fordable, and for foot passengers the small boat is available. t A snmpl: crushing machine with three head of stamps, driven by one horse has been started at Godfrey's Creek. The mnachine is one of Mir Cockerall's patent, and is expected to. crush about 20 tons per week. This machine will be found of :reat use in prospecting the reefs of that district. We are requested to state that the case of Ralpiprt v. Kirwan does not rethr to Mr Kirwan of the Shamrock Ihotel. A conveyance. has been started between Godfrey's Creek and Alexandra, which is to run three times a week, charging the mode rate sum of 7s 6d for the trip out and back Sagain. The undertaking is lijiely to be well aspported. The ',quarterly abstract, showing the estimated population of Victoria on the :30th September, firom the Gazette, shows the births daring the quarter wero 7150; the deaths, 2441, The arivals by sea were 9062; the departures, 7528 ; giving a total increase of poputbtion during, the quarter of 6442.. 'The population on the 80th September is estimated at 607,500. The births dluring the quarter exceeded the deaths by 4008, and the a rivals exceeded the departures by 1531. During the month of July the departures outnumbered the nrivals by 1230. This was in consequence of the rush which took place at that time to. the Gympio gold-fields in Queensland. In both the subsequent months the arrivals were very considerably in excess of the departures. The Morning Star alluvial Company at Thornton has now got firly under weigh, and will have their first washing up within eight or ten days. There is considerable variety a of opinion as to whether the undertaking will prove as remunerative as has been ex pected. The result of the first washing up is looked forward to with much anxiety. The risk of a sudden and frightful death, which some persons rashly take upon them selves for a trifling cause, was fully ex emplified the other morning in Melbourne, when a young man named John Lambert, belonging to, the steamer Otago, lying at t Sandridge, was charged with a breach of s the RIailway Compamnies' bye-laws. It ap pears that just as the the last train fotbr Sundridgo was in motion last night, the r prisoner rushed through the station, and as all theo carriage doors were locked he made a flying leap through the window of a carriage. 'Ihe train was imnnimediately a stopped, but only just in time, as a few a yards further and the prisoner would have been smashed to pieces against the railway bridge, across the " Falls." As he had been locked up all night, and expressad his d regret, he was severely reprimanded by D Mr Sturt, and dismissed on paying is. a The Dunedin goldfields seem to he im proving. The lust fortr.ightl. escort reported by the local papers of the 27th ult., brought e down 7,6902 oz 13 dwt of gold. S It was very easy to bring King Theodore's t son to England, remarks the Pall Mall Gazette, but it was not so easy to decide what should be do'.e with him afterwards. He could not be turned loose to. gain his t livelihood. and it would have been unreason able to exlpect the nation to provide, for him after spending five millions to accomphish the ruin of his father. To have kept him in Enghland all his days would also have hbemnm a mistake, for that section of society which is always on.the look out for RIummun Lolls would have gone wild with delight over a king's son, and would have soon contrived to render him good for nothing. A plan has therefore been adopted which opens up a career of usefulness to the youthful ".I have seen the world," and will probably satisfy his ambition hereafter. IHe is to be carefully trained for the Indian Civil Service. Ho will have to enter through the open gates of competition, but ho is said to be a quick boy, and there will be no unusual difthculty in rendering him fit to appear before the examiniers. lie is to be brought up, it is stated, in the house of a gentleman. A correspondent writes as under to the Aye of Thursda3 :-" Good accounts con tine to,be received fronm the new rush at Spring Creek, between IIoathcoto and Itushworth. I was seaking to a man from the rush yesterdlay evening ; thounghi he had not been successful in sinking a 62 ft hole, which turned out a 'duffer,' yet he said a number of golden holes had hoeon sunk, and as much as LO50 had been offered for a share in one of those holes. iHe spoke of another hole, from the bottom of which an ounce andi a half of gold had been taken. The general opinion hero with reference to the rash is that a aInst:ng and piayable gold-field has been opened, There are about 1500 people at the rush now, but numbers are arriving daily, so that the place will get a fair trial; anld as there is very likely ground in the victnity of the rush, I should not be surprised to hear that in new ground gold has been struck." I The ordinary servant girl is not a very V elevated creature. 'Thle educadtion she plos- i sesses is just enough to enable her to read t the very vilest trash, and to.write as great, if not as vile, trash to her young man, or men, as the case may be. I-Her moral education has been worse than her intellectual. 'The 0 chief attributes of her character are vulgar t vanity, gluttony of admiration, and a dread of ghosts. Yet she has one redeeming point -she is very fbnd of dogs and babies; and she shows her fondness by cramnming both t with all the unwholesome stufftsho can, her no tion of kindness is to poison them. Her great ambition is, when she goes out of a Sunday, to be mistaken for a lady; to et?Fet which ends she ought first to make herself dumb, and then invisible. No man can look at her but she immediately hegins to gigglo, if, indeed, she waits to be looked at, and does not take the initiative by sniggering, which she takes for an expression of modesty. If she is pretty, perhaps her young man buys her gaudy honnets, and sham jewellery. 'The more amhitious are sensible enlugh to know tllhe ditfer.nc between real and sham mill! noery, and insist npon having everything just like their mistress, real lace, real kid gloves. lhis may seemn a hard and cruel picture ; we wish it. were not a true one.- Tomahawk. 