COBB EiPOHDBKCK. MR. HAWKINS' REPLY* TO MR. • • ZAESFO. JPf To the ^&tdr; vf ike Manning'M&r; -Eews$ SIR,—Burke (Bays " in matters ofdiscordaooes of eentjment it is'better to Jooli'to the nature •o f things'^tban to the humors of men!" Acting upon this suggestion, I shall in my reply^ to a letter signed by the Bev^Hr. Laing, which I find in your last issuer carefully Retain fromall comment upon' its personalities. I remember that I once beard this Reverend gentleman pronounce a woe upon all -whose misfortune it might be.tto come under his " logioal Bhillelagli," but this would npt alarm me muoh if I could .bring myself,to conclude that the spectacled two ministers of religion engaged with " shillelaghs" of any kind .tended t<fpublic edification. Besides,! feel that I have no. right to waste time in bandying epithets with any body ; I Would rathercome at once to the matters in -issue. • I stand charged at the bar of Public Opinion with holding doctrines which Mr. Laing declares to .be eceptuM. The question is, "Am I..or are you, who are charged with me, Guilty or Not Guilty ?" please to observe our position. Mr. Laing iB the Prosecutor— shall T allow him to be iudge alsof and if he takes a seat upon the benchmay we not reasonably plead toii^e jurisdiction of his court? or deny that we%re to be bouiid byhieinter- Tpretation of the law ? I admit'ndjjjudge in this case but public opinion—enlightened, impartial public opinion. And that Public -Opinion may- docide correctly, I' desire to place-it^h the position oooupied by the Judges of our highest tribunals—that is, I come to argue thequestionjMn^enfe lite. I stand where it iB my right to stand—on the defensive. It is not my business toi"disproDe" any thing. Mr. Laing must make good his .accusation by establishing that the doctrine which I say is not contained in the Bible, it in it. Has he done -eo ? Let Public Opinion answer if the Prosecutor has done anything, so far, but make assertions, all of which are yet to be proved. When it is gravely said I gave f'a'flat denial -to the passages of Scripture," quoted by my opponent on a former occasion, it is-only asserted that I have exercised my right to except to his decision us to the meaning of those passages. I cannot imagine that Mr. Laing intends more than this. He surely has not determined to exaggerate his original accusation by assenting that I deny tho truth of tbe Bible. I again "flatly deny" that the passages produoed- mean what he says • they do, and I demand, as ever,that he shall establish the infallibility of his own judgment before he undertakes to force upon xne what I cannot accept as Scriptural teaching. My defence takes to some extent 4he form of what the lawyers; would oall a demurrer. Mr. Laing says that Adam was created -with an immortal body—a»,body ;that would not have died, but r for his ;transgression. 1 -call for an exeroiseof his logical powers in proving that that which is immortal can under any circumstances perish. Adam's body, even before the fall consisted, according to nay view, of flesh and blood;; it was-made perishable and it perished. But Mr. Laing thinks the first man's body, though perishable, could not have .perished except under certain circumstances. Will he do me the favor to prove this by the Word of God* and excuse the liberty I take of laying nothing else will satisfy my mind with such wretched logic. In reference to Professor Hitcbcook, it may be remarked generally, that he employs a portion of his chapter on Death as an universal law, in showing that painful death existed before man's creation. In anotber part of it he proves that death is the general law of organic natures; and afterwards he points out how Science, Experience, and Revelation may be reconciled in the matter of Death. I know your objeotion to long letters, and particularly to long extracts, and ' therefore I again refer your readers to tbe quotation from his book whioh was contained in "my last letter, reasserting that it is a true exhibition of his opinions. As to presenting Professor Hitchcock's opinions "fvZly" thta would be impossible, unless I asked you to reprint a whole chapter—and even then, according to Mr. Laing, my treatment of this distinguished Geologist would be unfair because I did not state what he does -not teach. The very same remark may bo made in reference to Jeremy Taylor. Mr. Laing says his (Taylor's) opinions are condemnatory of my own. I deny the assertion. I say they quite coincide -with my opinions as far as they go, but 1 am^not prepared at present to Bay that Taylor saw all the difficulties of this question as clearly as they can be perceived in tho present day. "The Death," says Taylor, " which God threatened to Adam and which passed upon his posterity is not the going out oj the world, but the manner of going." In any event, acoqrding to this divine, man would have been removed from the present state of action, but sin caused that removal to be attended with sickness, misfortune, and a thousand other ills. He 'goes on " change, or separation of soul and body is but accidental to death; death may be with or without cither." And again " Death is not an action but a whole state or condition, and this was first brought upon us by the offence of one man. 1 ' It is upon these and similar views expressed by Bishop Taylor that Professor Hitchcock.remarks—"In more recent times these views of Dr. Taylor have been adopted by the ablest commentators and theologians." " The position they take is, that the death threatened as the penalty of disobedience has a more oxtended meaning than a physical death." It is a generic term including all penal evils; so that where death is spoken of we may substitute the word " curse, wrath, destruction," and the like. We might read " In the day thou eatest thereof thou shalt surely be cursed," &o.; He adds "In his commentary on Romans v. 12, (tbe truth of whioh Mr. Laing says I have denied), Professor Stowart says * I see no philological escape from the conclusion that death, in the sense of penalty for sin in its'full measure, must be regarded as the meaning of the writer here." Tho same may be Baid of many^ther passages of Scripture where the term is used. According to this exposition, the death threatened as the penalty of transgression embraces all tbe evils we suffer in this life and in eternity; among which the dissolution of the body is not one of the worst. Indeed, some writers teill not admit that this mas included at all in the penalty." Hitchcock, in another place, says There is a mode of expression very common in the Hebrew language whioh indicates an intensity in the meaning, as ' multiplying I will multiply thee;' ' blessing I will bless thee.' That i B I will greatly bless and greatly multiply thee." Then he refers to Gen, li. 17—" Dying tlftu shalt die;" and asks. may it not itogly as much 'as Tavlor's theory supjStff*? Might it riot •Wiifttended iofieaoh Adam that wfren he .died his death; should not be the^gpere dissolution of the fabric an4*f1ie loss;.of animal life, as he witnesse⁢ in' the -inferior creatures around him; but a' change fat more agonizing—in whioh the mental, suffering should so much ou'tWeigh th£ corporeal as to constitute, in fact, ite esserioe F. I dojrnot see why its peculiarity of form i8*uuderef:ood in our eommon translation to imply, certainty rather than intensity.*' X shall not enter any further into this writer's remarks. Sufficient has been said to enable your readers to judge without Mr. Laing 1 a assistance, how much fouudation he had for asserting that I had warped the opinions of Dr. Hitchcock for my own purposes and for their delusion. I [jvill here, in juxtaposition with Hitohcock,. again quote the words of Harold Browne-professor of Divinity in the University of Cambridge, as given in his work on the thirtyrnine articles, (a book studied by candidates for HolyOrders) on the passages relating to this subject, found in Rom. y. and I Cor. xv. He says " The death which Adam brought in is clearly opposed to the life which Christ bestows. That life is spiritual-; and we therefore reason that the -death, which is antithetic to it, is spiritual too." I shall now proceed to show without one remark upon Mr. Laing's strictures, from thst " good old orthodox divine, Matthew Henry," what his opinions were. He says in one place' —"Thou fool, that which thou sowest is not quickened except it die. 11 mustfirst oorrupt before it will quicken and spring up. It not only sprouts after it is dead, but it must die that it injiy live." " It is sown a natural or animal body, a body fitted to the low conditions -and sensitive pleasures and enjoyments of ibis life, which are all gross in comparison to the heavenly state and enjoyments. But when we rise we shall rise spiritual. Not that the body will be changed into spirit ; this would be a contradiction in our common conceptions; it "would be as much as to say, Body changed into what is not body, matter made immaterial. We shall at the resurrection have bodies purified and ^refined to the last degree, made .light and agile; and though they are not changed into spirit, yet made fit to be perpetual associates of spirits made perfect." . " There is an animal body and there is a spiritual body ; as we have our natural body, the animal body we have in this world from the first Adam, we oxpect our spiritual body from the second. The first nan was made a living soul, such a being as ourselves, and with' a power of propagating such beings as himself, and conveying to them a nature and animal body like his own, but none other, none better." " The first man was of the earth" made out. of the earth, and was earthy; his body was fitted to the region of his abode; but the second Adam, is the Lord from Heaven; he who came down from -Heaven and was in Heaven at the same time. If tho first Adam could communicate to us natural and animal bodies cannot the second Adam make our bodies spiritual ones. If the deputed Lord of this lower creation could do the one, cannot the Lord of Heaven and earth do the other. We must have natural bodies from the first Adam before we can have spiritual bodies from the second; we must hear the image of the earthy, before we call bear,the image of the heavenly. Such is the established order of providence. We must have weak, frail, mortal bodies by descent from the first Adatn, before we can have lively, spiritual, and immortal ones by the quickening power of the second. We must die before we can live to die no more. A'ow this I say that flesh and blood cannot inherit the kingdom of God; nor doth corruption Merit incorruption. The natural body is flesh and blood—consisting of bones, muscles, nerves, veins, arteries, and their several fluids.; and as such, it is of a corruptible frame and form liable to dissolution, to rot, aud to moulder. Bui no such thing shall inherit the heavenly regions, for this were for corruption to inherit lDcorruption, which is little better than a contradiction in terms. The heavenly inheritance is incorruptible, and never fadeth away. How can it be possessed with flesh and blood whioh is corruptible and will fade away ? It muBt be changed into an ever-enduring substance, before it can be capable of possessing the heavenly inheritance." In another place ho says " when this mortal shall have pat on immortality, death will be swallowed up for ever. Christ hinders it from swallowing his saints when they die." Now what death does he hinder ? is it the physical temporal death, or is it the spiritual eternal death? In another place—" Thus will they raise themselves, when they bccomc immortal, to the honor of their Saviour and the praise of Divine grace. They shall glory over vanquished death." Do 'they glory over vanquished physical, temporal, death ? If so, why do they die ? There, " Good old Matthew Henry" has written this much. VVhother he has written anything contrary to it, I will leave Mr. Laing to search, and when he finds the conflicting passage lie must reconcile " good old Matthew Henry " in one part of hiB commentaries to himself in another. Beza says—" Many learned men explain what is said of death as ineauing only mortality, but do we not all derive a depraved as well as a mortal body from Adam P And does not Christ 6ave his people from guilt and depravity and eternal punishment, and not from mortality?" Scott says:—" Adam becamo dead in sin by the fall. In infinite mercy the second Adam became a quickening spirit, and by the communication of the lloly Spirit restores the divine life and renews the divine image. Ho breathed upon his Apostles before he left them, saying " Eeoeivo ye the Holy Ghost, John xx. 22, and they becameliringsouls as Adam was in innocence." Again the same commentator says on "Dying thou shalt die." " By transgression he. would totally forfeit his Maker's favor, and incur his displeasure with all its awful effects, and immediately become liable to pain and disease, which as a tedious execution would not coaee but in dissolution of the body—that he would lose the image of God and tho comfort of his favor, and experience the torment of sinful passions aud the terror of his Creator's vengeance, which accruing to this covenant must endure coeval with the existence of the immortal body." Again I ask was this temporal physical death or eternal death 7" The same writer says—" When they were driven from tho treo of life—the sacramental pledge of eternal life—it intimated to them that etcrnol happiness and the*favor of God' wore' for ever unattainable by man and not that the fruit of the tree of life had My inherent effic^y of conferring immortality on - the body of. Adam. The very day Adam sinned h| di^d—he 'became tptrfimUytAead; the Holy Spirit haying left hig'sonl; ana «he capacity, of deli^^ingin the holy servioe and spiritual worship cif .God is egtinct in «very descendant of Adam till the spirit of life.in Jesus restores divinfc $8Sfe by regeneration. Indeed, jihe Apostle directly opposes the death which eame by Adam to the life which comes by Christ, and therefore if one is . eternal so is .the other." . . . Mr. Laing say/9, in quoting certain passages from the Gospel of St. John, I supprfBted a line which he supplies. May I aBk him whether the additional words alter the meaning? It is clear that he does not see what I intended to prove'by them. It was this —that none of these promises had anytrefcrence to mere physical death. They all relate to spiritual death. We dofnot want Mr. Laing to tell us that the resurrected body will "be immortal—every body knows this already. Let him show if he.oan that believers escape physical death,and then I maybe able .J® perceive the point of his argument. Mr. Laing reminds us that we are forbidden tp handle the Word of God deoeitfully. I wish he would act upon his own advice and show the world where the Bible teaches that Adam's earthly, natural, animal body of flesh and blood, was immortal, or otherwise hold his peace and cease from-arguments which leave us where we were. He says the question must he settled fay an appeal to the standards of the church of which I am a minister. I present him with that standard " Holy Scripture containeth all things necessary to salvation, so that whatever is not read therein nor may be proven thereby is not to be required of any man, that it should be believed as an article of the Faith, or be thought necessary to salvation." In conclusion, I can only say that when Mr. Laing has discovered that portion of Scripture which teaches that Adam's body was-made immortal, I shall be happy to hear from him again. When I see it, I shall throw aside what he denounces as my scepticism, and if he can give me a logical demonstration of how that which lias proved itself to be mortal for 6000 years could have been created immortal and have since undergone no change, I shall bo very glad to receive it—in the meantime commending to his consideration the following extract, from Cowpcr :—" There is no grace that a spirit of self can counterfeit with more success than religious zeal. A man thinks he is fighting for God when he is merely fighting for his own notions. He thinks he is skilfully searching the hearts of others when he is only gratifying the malignity of his own ; and charitably supposes his hearers destitute of all grace, when he may shine the more in his own eyes by comparison. When he has performed his notable task, he wonders that they are not all converted; he has given e it to them soundly, and if they do not trembl and confess that God is in him of a truth, h® gives them up as reprobates, incorrigible, and lost for ever." I am, sir, yours faithfully, _ [NOTE BY THE EDITOB. -"We have been obliged to cut down Mr. Hawkins' extracts in order to obtain space for his letter on this page. We confess that, in our opinion, it is a matter of very little consequence what other divines have taught. Tho proposition to be demonstrated is that cerlaiu opinions first advanced in the Table Talk of the NEWS are skeptical, and this must be done by the Bible. Every shing else is beside the principal question. On this account we have wken the liberty above indicated.] ANOTHER DISTINGUISHED LEVANTEB.— Just as the Miranda affair was fading from tbe memories of those upon whom that individual had operated so successfully, another distinguished visitor has favored some of our fellow citizens with his confidence. He arrived here a few months ago, and was introduced at one of the leading clubs as a foreign count, allowed one of the foreign consuls tbe honor of making him acquainted with his friends, and his appearance at the opera usually caused quite a stiriamongst the occupants of the dress circle. Unfortunately by some mishap his remittances did not arrive with that punctuality that might have beon expected, but his advices showed that he had only to draw upon his home bankers for any amount he might require. This he seems to have done pretty freely and succeeded in borrowing money and negotiating bills to a large amount. Since then he has proceeded on his tour, and from advices received by the mail steamer it is pretty certain that there was not an atom of truth i? his financial statements, and his victims 'are not likely either to see him or their money again.— THE SCHOONER AKNIE D.—The Ballina correspondent of the Richmond Examiner, writing under date of July 27 th, says—Some uneasiness is felt for the safety of the sohooner Annie D, which vessel left Sydney for the Richmond River, in the early part of July, and arrived off the Richmond River bar, on the 10th of the-same month", in company with the barque Schoolboy, schooners Emmn Jane, Thomas and Henry, and Margaret and Mary, but, owing to the strong westerly winds wore unable to enter, and the vessels wero compelled to haul off the land, until the wind moderated. Since then the whole of the above vessels have entered the port, the last on the 18th July, with the exception of the Annie D, which vessel was last seen off the Heads on the 11th of the same month. The Anuie D. was a nearly new schooner, having been built, we believe, on the Manning River, is owned by Mr. Dalgleish of Sydney, and is under tbe command of Captain Wilson, formerly master of the steamship Susannah Cuthbert, and well and favorably known as an old trader to the Richmond. SUPPOSED MUHDEB ON THE BELLINGER.— Yesterday morning a report was made to senior-constable Ryan that Mrs. McNally, \vife of a conditional purchaser at the Bellinger, was found dead, and that it was almost certain that she had been murdered. Mr. Kemp, J .P., accompanied by senior-constable Ryan, left yesterday for the Bellinger; they will rcaoh that locality some time to-day, when a magisterial enquiry will be held, the result of which will probably throw light upon this melancholy occurrence. Beyond hearsay, we are as yet ignorant if there are any real grounds for the suspicions entertained by the relatives of the deceased.— W. C. HAWKINS. S. M. Herald. Macitay Herald. 