THE.DUKE.OF EDINBURGH IN TASMANIA. LAYING the foundation STONE OF THE NEW CATHEDRAL. The foundation stone of the church designed to be the Cathedral Church of the diocese of Tasmania was laid at 11 o'clock yesterday forenoon, by His Royal Highness the Duke of of Edinburgh. Long before the hour appointed for the commencement of the ceremony, the streets leading to the cathedral were thronged by many hundreds of spectators, all anxious to witness the proceedings ; while every available window was filled by eager occupants. The balcony at Webb's Hotel, which commanded a fine view of the platform, was crowded by ladies and gentlemen, and in the street fronting the enclosure about a couple of of thousand of the citizens were congregated. The main stand, which had been erected to command a view of the procession, had been rolled back for some distance, and this was flanked by two smaller stands, the one for the accommodation of the wives and families of the clergy and the other for the choir and children attend- ing St. David's Sunday school. The large stand was crowded to excess by the hour appointed for the ceremony to commence. The majority of its occupants were ladies, and the contrast of colors exhibited in their attire contributed much towards the general effect of a very imposing spectacle. The square space in front of the stand was kept clear for the accommodation of the clergy and others connected with the proceedings of the day. From a huge pair of shears erected in the centre of this space depended the " chief corner stone, and float- ing from a flagstaff above it was the Royal Standard of England supported by the Union Jack, and two St. George's ensigns grouped. A railed and carpeted platform surmounted the stone and extended to the entrance gate. The enclosure was gay with innumerable flags of every imaginable design, and from the tower of the present church, national colours were displayed as on the previous day. The stands were gaily decorated with evergreens and flowers, and on the front of the main stand was displayed the text " Fear God, honour the King." The word " Welcome" was also conspicuously displayed from various points. At half-past 10 o'clock the clergy assembled in the church, habited in their surplices, and a procession was marshalled to march to the stone on the arrival of the state of carriage. Shortly after half-past 10 o'clock a guard of honor composed of 100 men of the 2-14th Regt., under the command of Captain Morgan, with Lieutenants Which burn and Ottley as subalterns, arrived in front of the cathedral and drew up in open order to receive I His Royal Highness. Shortly before 11 o'clock the churchwardens," Messrs. H. Cook, T. Giblin, and H. Roberts arrived, accompanied by the local architect Mr. Henry Hunter, and the contractor, Mr. Robert Wiggins, and deposited upon the stone the implements to be used by His Royal Highness. These were the silver trowel, which has been previously described in our columns, and which was manufactured by Mr. Charles Gaylor, and engraved by Mr. W. R. Bock ; a beautifully designed level of Tasmanian lightwood, in the form of a triangle having a lion cormorant at either end of the base, a ducal coronet at the top surmounting a cross, and a plummet of silver. This implement was designed by Mr. H. Hunter, and executed by Messrs. Hamilton and Sons. There was also a matter of she-oak wood highly polished, turned by Mr. Powell of Collins-street. Let into the front of the stone was a plate of brass, bearing the following inscrip- tion in mediaeval text, with illuminated capitals : "In the name of the over blessed and undivided . Trinity, Hall under the dedication of St. David, Archbishop and Confessor, this stone was, laid by His Royal Highness Alfred Ernest Albert, Duke of Edinburgh, on the eighth day of January," MDCOOLXV1H. Gloria Ubi Domine. . _ | The plate was a beautiful piece of engraving, and was executed by Mr. Jarman of Murray-street The churchwardens also deposited on the stone the box to be lodged in the cay say, which was covered with plate glass, and contained copies of the Hobart Town Uiiemv, and Tasmanian Times of the day, a copy of the Launceston Times of Monday last, a copy of the Ulna eh Josias, and the following coins -A half sovereign, a crown, a half-crown, a florin, a shilling, a sixpence, a fourpenny) piece, a threepenny piece, a penny, a halfpenny, and a lad thing. The following inscription was also placed in the box " This church, designed to be the cathedral church of the diocese of Tasmania and also the parish church of San At Divul (replacing an author structure, founded in the A our of our Lord, 1897), was solemnly founded on the 8th day of January, in the year of our Lord, 1868, by His Royal Highness Alfie IN nest Albert, Duke of Edinburgh Duke of Saxony, Prince of Coburg Gotha, KG, KP' His Excellency Colonel Thomas Gore Browne, CB, beingGuvornoi of Twillama, the Right Reverend Charles Henry Bromby, D S , the Lord Bishop of Tasmania, the Venerable Rowland Robert Davies, B A., Archdeacon of Hobart Town the Veno Pablo Thomas Reibey, MA, Arclulo Icon of Launceston Sir Valentine Fleming, Cli income of the Diocese , ^»«-~-i-««>^>XJ3flbäoii, jjgnmio Church Advocate, John Harrison, JîTnrm!,--Mvtrm«.T^,-.«"-.^"""¿^ Frederick Holdship Cox, B A , Incumbent of St David's Church, the Reverend Henry Bodley Bromby, B A , Assistant Curate of the same, an 1 Chaplain to the Bishop , Henry Cook, Thomas Giblin and Henry L Roberts, Inquires, Churchwardens, George Roderick Bodley, architect, Henry Hunter, local architect and superintendent of the works " As St David's clock struck eleven the State carriage conveying His Royal Highness the Duke of Edinburgh turned the corner of Macquarie-street, and drew up at the gate of the Cathedral The carriage was preceded by two servants in Kiely, and followed by the Governor's orderlies It contained HRH the Duke of Edinburgh, His Excellency the Governor, Lord Newry, and Lieutenant Haig A second car- riage conveyed the Hon Eliot You to, Mr Brierly, Captain Steward, His Excellency's Private Secretary, and Lieutenant Lloyd, li E , acting ADC As the state carriage drew up at the gate of the Cathedral the troops presented arms, the multitude cheered most enthusiastically, and the cheering was continued without intermission, while H It It walked along the platform The Prince wore his uniform as post captain in the Royal Navy, with the blue ribbon and the star of the garter, the star of the most noble order of the thistle and the star of Malta were also conspicuous among his decorations The Hon Mr Yorke and Mr Haig wore the handsome uniforms of Royal equerries, and Lord Newry the um form of an officer in the North Shropshire yeomanry corps The state past) was attended by the hon. Sir R Dr),Knt (promu»),tho 'on the Attorney Gene Hal and His Worship the Mayor, and also by Major Vu as, commander of the forces, Major Maycock 2-14th Regt, Lieut Col Crawford, Captain Warren, R L and Captain Fenton the Ho) al party was preceded by the procession of the clergy, the Lord Bishop following with his chaplain bearing- the pastoral staff On aiming at the stone the clergy fired off, and formed a square round the dais The following are the olo.r mpn present -The Bishop, Archdeacon Davies, told I' H Cox, and Rev H B Bromby, Rev A Davenport, T Gellibrand, Dr Pin son v, G F) Smith, T It Buckland, T Hudspeth, New Town, E C Williams, Glenorchy, T Stansfield, Huon S AViiyn, Green Ponds ; G. . Wright, Hamilton ; E. Freeman, Brown's River ; W. W. F. Murray, New Norfolk ; G. Eastman, Port Arthur; D. Galer, Richmond ; R. Wilson, Clarence Plains ; R. D. Harris, E. P. Adams, Deloraine ; HC W. Adams, Jericho : G. S. Wilson, Campbell Town E. Symonds, D'Entrecasteaux Channel ; C. J. Brain nearly. II. Sumios, St John's; - Dunning.Qiioonslnnd, An order' for laying the foundation stone of a church or chapel " had been especially printed for the ceremony and was opened by the Bishop, the choir, under the leadership of Mr, li". A. Packer, taking up the responses. After the opening prayers and vesicles the St'i Psalm was chanted. The prayers following were said by the incumbent, the Rev. P. H. Cox, and he was followed by the Rev. H. B. Bromby. On the visitation of that portion of the season commencing " Behold I lay in Zion a chief corner stone, of, the box containing the coins, inscription, newspapers, He, was deposited in the cavity, the mortar was spread and the stone lowered. The Bishop then advanced towards the Prince, and said, '. In the name of the committee charged with this work I now beg your Royal Highness to lay the foundation stone of this building." His Royal Highness then in a clear voice said, " In the faith of Jesus Christ, we place this foundation stone in the name of God the Father, God the Son, and God the Holy Ghost. Amen." HINKLER. then tested the stone with the plummet, and giving three taps with the mallet declared it to be well and truly laid. The troops then presented arms, and the Bishop continued the prayers ; then advancing to His Royal Highness his Lordship asked permission to address a few words. This being accorded the Bishop said it would ill beat him to detain His Royal Highness, and the company assembled upon that occasion by many words, and therefore the words he should deliver would be few indeed. no might, however, be permitted to say that it was a high and becoming honor that the English Church should have received that recognition from Her Most Gracious Majesty the Queen in the person of one of her Royal Sons. He had simply now to ask all the friends of that great undertaking, to see to it, and to make it sure that the work which had began so well, should be brought to a successful termination, he did not intend to preach a sermon to them, but he should close the duty of the day by giving them one solitary text. It was the motto which was engraved on the arms of the Duke of Edinburgh, from which His Royal Highness dor lived his title. Those words had been beautifully engraved on the foundation stone, and also upon the trowel with which the stone had been laid ACW Daimmu frustra-. That was a title derived from one of the psalms, and was written by the royal Psalmist, and for their own Cathedral Church, they could have no more appropriate motto, firm Dominal fronts, except the Lord build the house their labor is but lost that build it, except the Lord keep the city, the watchman waketh but in vain. He appealed to all true church- men to act up to the spirit of that text, and to come forward and assist in the completion of that church which had been began so auspiciously that day to his non-conformist brethren around, who felt they could without compromising their principles, assist in the good work, he also appealed for help to raise a noble structure to the honor of the same God, whom they all served. He appealed especially to the Scottish Presbyterians for their assistance, and he hoped that they would all see to it, that H.R.H., who derived his title from the magnificent capital of their native country, would not be brought into the humiliating position of seeing the work which had been begun by himself in the capital of Tasmania left incomplete. To his Royal Highness himself he could simply say that the prayers of all, whether of the Church of England, the Nonconformist bodies, or the Scottish Presbyterians, would ascend to the King of Kings in his behalf. They would pray to Him in the words, that Nisi Dominus artistry, that magnificent house, that proud specimen of England's skill and glory, that magnificent vessel now in our waters might save her sails filled with the gales of Heaven, that she would be able soon to reach their fatherland in peace and safety, and that H.R.H. himself, his mission being ended on earth- may receive that crown which would be due to all those who faithfully fulfilled their mission, and acted true to those great principles in which His Royal Highness had been brought up from infancy that he would reach the eternal world, and receive the crown of everlasting life. His Lord- ship now gave out the hundredth psalm, metrical version, which was sung by the choir and people. The Ven. Archdeacon Davies then said the remaining collects; and it was announced by the Bishop that the churchwardens would stand at the gates to receive any offertory which might be given. TheBonodiotion was then pronounced, and the proceedings terminated. His Royal Highness in returning to the state of carriage bowed frequently to the ladies on the stands, and to the crowd who wore cheering most enthusiastic cally. Having taken his seat the carriage moved off' down Murray-street, and along Liverpool-street to Government House. The silver trowel was not presented to His Royal Highness at the stone, but was left to be inspected by the ladies present, and was presented to His Royal Highness at the love with the address of the Bishop and clergy. THE LEVEE. The first levee held by a member of the Royal Family was, of course, an event of sufficient importance to attract a larger attendance than has been collected by similar meetings of the colonists with the ordinarily delegated representatives of Her Majesty and such, in fact, proved to be the case. There were not, indeed, as many persons assembled at Government House to pay their homage to the son of the Queen as have occasionally met to offer their respects to Governors of the colony, but the falling off in numbers was attributable not to any diminution of loyalty amongst the public, but to the altered circumstances of the country. The immense reductions made of late years in the strength of the civil and military establishments would alone suffice to account for the fact that a larger muster of visitors did not throng the reception hall. Nevertheless nearly 400 persons paid their respects to His Royal Highness, and it is gratifying" to be enabled to record that amongst that number the most careful observers, so far as we have learned, failed to detect any traces of the disrespectful dis- regard of conventional proprieties in the matter of costume of which the newspapers at the other side of the Straits found it necessary to speak in terms of such severe reprehension. The road to Government House was kept by a body of special constables under the orders of Mr. Chief District Constable Jones, and a number of the regular constables of the rural police force performed a similar duty at the entrance to the viceregal building. In front of the portico of the latter was drawn up the military guard of honor, consisting of 100 men of the 2-14th Regiment, under the command of Capt. Saunders, and Lieutenants Daly and Churchward. The persons desirous of paying. their respects to His Royal Highness began to assemble outside the on entrance to Government House a considerable time before the outer doors were opened for their admission to the building, and when the expected permission to outer was given the crowd was sufficient to till the passages to the reception hall for a time to inconvenience. The receptions took place in the ball room, on a dais at the extremity of which, facing the gallery, His Royal Highness took his stand for the occasion. The officials and others privileged with the right of private entree had, of course, the honor of priority of admission, and certain addresses, which will be found specified here under, were presented during the time occupied in their interviews. Most of those who enjoyed the advantage of this early admission remained in the audience chamber until the attendants at the general levee were permitted to ontortho apartment, and those who did so occupied places on the dais in rear of His Royal Highness and suite. When the general levee commenced His Royal Highness occupied a place in the centre of the dais, supported on his right by His Excellency the Governor, the Premier g bo Hon. Sir R. Dry), the Treasurer (the Hon. T. . Chapman), the Speaker of the House of Assembly (Dr. Officer), the Bishop of Tasmania (the Right Rev. Dr. Bromby), and His Lordship's chaplain (the Rev. H. B. Bromby). Immediately behind H R.I.s chair wore Lord Newry and the commander of HMAS. Galatea; and on his left the Hon. Eliot Yorke and His Worship the Mayor of Hobart Town, with his chaplain and the Town Clerk. His Royal Highness wore the full dress uniform of a Captain in the Navy, Lord Newry that of the North Shropshire JSlDOiiianrynaïflJry,_3nil the Hon. Eliot Yorke I and Lieutenant Haig tuTt öf^ftllcrriBs:-rno Hon. Sir Richard Dry was attired in full court dress, and the Bishops of Tasmania and of Hobart Town respectively in ecclesiastical costume. The course of procedure adopted was precisely the same as that followed in levees held by governors of the colony. Each visitor presented a visiting card to an orderly at the inner door of the entrance porch, and another to the Private Secretary (Captain Steward) immediately inside the audience chamber door. The name on the card was announced by the Private Secretary, and the visitor walking past the dais bowed to His Royal Highness, and passed. The following gentlemen were entitled to private reception, and were accordingly presented by the Private Secretary The Officer Commanding the Troops, Major Vivian, H. M. 2-14th Regiment; the Chief Justice, Sir Mr. looming the Puisne Judge, Sir P. Smith ; the members of the Ministry the Hon Sir R. Dry, Premier; the Hon. T.D. Chapman, Treasurer; and the Hon. W. L. Dobson, Attorney General ; the Bishop of Tasmania, the Right Rev. Charles Henry Bromby, D.D., attended by his chaplain the Rev. H. Bromby ; the Bishop of the Church of Rome, the Right Rev. Daniel Murphy, D. D" attended by his chaplain the Rev. Mr. Beechinor the Prosidontoftho Wesleyan Conference, Rev. W. A. Quick ; the President of the Legislative Council, the hon. W. E. Nairn; the Usher of the Black Rod, E. Abbott, Esq.. ; ex-members of the Legislative Council, upon whom the title of honorable has been con- formed The Hon. J. Whyte ; the Hon. C. Meredith the Speaker of the House of Assembly, the Hon. R. Officer ; ex-Speaker of the House of Assembly, Captain Fenton ; the Officer Commanding the 11th Regiment, Major Maycock; the Officer Commanding Royal Engineers, Captain Warren ; Archdeacon the Honorable G. Hunter; Vicar-General the Very Rev. W. J. Dunne; Officer Commanding Volunteers. nursery, 'i'....i"»"r. . o"":".. n"_..."..?.:"i has. ' Captain The loton Senior Commissariat Officer, A O G Bartlett ; the Solicitor General, It P Adams, Esq , the Colonial Auditor, E J Manley, Esq , the Commissioner of Crown Lands, J ii Calder, Esq ; the Collector of Customs, Hobart Town, T T Watt, Esq., the Registrar of the Supreme Court, H J Buckland, Esq the Mayor of Hobart Town, the Hon J M Wilson, Esq ; the Inspector of Police, J Forster, Esq the Inspector of Schools, T Stephens, Esq, M. A. , Oxon , Major Lloyd, W S Sharland, Esq , J Dunn, Esq, J Barnard, Esq ; Colonel Crawford, the hon M Isaacs, Solicitor-General New South Wales, and T Horne, Esq The following is a list of the attendants at the general force - Rev H W Adams, Rev R P Adams Dr Agnew Messrs AUpoit J Allen, Attwood, M Ailment, II Atherton, K Allen, R. T Allwright, J Abbott, J Amos, G P Adams Dr Brooke, Rev J R Buckland, (Chaplain to the Right Worshipful the Mayor), Rev C J lil unmall, Rev N Bennett, Aldermen Belbin, Misses Ida and, F Browne, J McC Browne, C Butler, H R H and, W Eales, F Butler, A H Bisdee, C Bennison, Boat, If K Best, J J Butler, R S Blight, A A Butler, XV Barnett, H Brown!, J Bett, J R lUtomm, jim , H S Barrett, Belstead, A F Buck, W M Bromby, 12 H Butler, G Bateman, H Butler, I II Blyth, K W Bootlunan, H Boyes, G Browne, J Bisdee, W Burbury, P I G Bray, S Barritt, I Bisdee, li Bilton, Colonel W Bell (late 58th Regiment ) Rev G Clarke, Rev F H Cox, Rev R O Cook, Dr Coverdale, Alderman Cook, Alderman Crisp, Messrs T W Campbell' J Crouch (Under Sheriff), E A Chalmers, G Chapman T P Cowle,'!' P Cowle, jun, E A Cutwiyht, N Chevalier (artist), O V Creswell, R. Crosby), W Crosby, C Crosby, C S Cansdell, W L Crowther, Cruttenden, A Camidiiff, A K. Cluipiiian, Captain Chalmers, Lieut Col J Gathoiuo Cookson ( Madras Cavalry), Lieut Calvert, (V A S Rev A Davenport, J Doughty (Stn goon), Rev W H Dunning, Messrs B Dickson, C Dowdell, Dunn, C Degraves, J Degraves, 1" Dimnott, R A. Dixon, C Des Voeux, H Cohen, J Davies, J G D wives, H Dawson, Diiiidndge, T S Dobson, R. L Diuca, XV U, Dawson Rev George Eastman, Dr James Eckford, Messrs J Kilgooinbo, W G Elliston D W Evans, O Elliston, H farm H D'Emden, M Evans, T M Evans Major trimming, Capture Tau (lough (14th Regt ), Rev E 1 teams m, Alderman the Hon P O Lyall, llfiC, Messrs Fletcher (DOG), Robert Reynold, E M Fisher, Hoxtuoie, J rioxinoio Died 1 foot, O A. Flotahor, George Fletcher, W R Falconer, Oscar Flexmore, Imlay, í*ioi1l>lok h Ryan, J Psoy, Rev J R Goldrich, Rev I" Golhbmml, Rev D Galer, Alderman Green, Messrs Theo Giblin, Edward Giblin. Robert William Giblin, William Robert Gib Im, T Gorringe, Nigel Gresley, Graham, R G Gray, J W, Gill, James A Gunn, Charles Gould Mr L Kirkpatrick Howat (Mth Rugt ), Rev R D Harris, Rev. F Hudspeth, Dr Swarbreck Hall, Mr Theodore Hanlon (Bl admire), MobbiiI H Hunter, A Huybers, J Hanson, H Hopkins, jun , A Hopkins, L Hall, C W Hall H Hopkins, AV 8 Hammond, V. AV Hockey, Hull, S E' Har ding, Hinsby, E Howard Rev S Ironside, Mr A Ireland, Doator Jobson, (Medical Staff), Messrs J' C Just, and Algernon Burdett Jones Rev. H. Kennedy, Messrs A Kennerley, M L O G A. Kemp G W Keach, J Kelsh, AV Rout, R C Kermode, W A Kermode, and Kirwan Commander King Ion (UN) MtO, T Y Lowes, MLC, Rev. J Stanley Low, Messrs R D Lord, G A. Lloyd AV Langley, G F Lovett, W K Lewis, Philip Levy, F Lipscombe, Alex. Landale, Neil Lewis, James Lord, J. W Lord, David Lewis, Simeon Lord Mr, John Lord, W. Lovett, W G Lempriere. Rev. W. W. F. Murray, Rev, B. MoOloan (M.A.), Rev E C Marum, Captain Morgan (14th Regt ), G A Mace, J C Mace, J Jioi edith, W V Morriss, C M Maxwell, McPherson, J A Morrison, MoNiuightan, J Murdoch F Mace, J Mil wind, J A Moore, Molntyro, J Mil ward jim, Maclanachan, E Midwood, AV Murray, Maning, AV Murray, 100 McArdell, T H Magrath, Mac Dowell, P Mackay, E 0 Martin Rev E W Nye, Messrs E Nairn, It AV Nutt, G It Napier Captain Ofcdvy, Lieut O'Boyle (VA) Rev Dr Parsons Messrs Algernon Page, Frederick Augustus Packer, John h Edward Packer, Richard Pi op sting, P T Priest, Josiah C Pratt, Ferry, B, Pillonger, Henry Peters S Page, Thomas Parker, JosophPonny, Alfred Page Alfred C Pratt, Pratt. L Penny Rev W C Robinson Messrs J Roberts W Rout, L Roope, A. Reid, 0 Rooher A. Reid, R J Ramsden, Ralfe, J E Risby Revs T Stansfield, G Banks Smith, E Symonds, J H Smales, I Ayr Simmons, C Simson, J Stone, Alderman Smart, Mr J Smith (Parliamentary Library, Victor), Messrs W Sibley, J Sutherland, W H Smith, G Stehn J Solomon, Leo Susman F E B Steele, P Smith, B T Solly, A. Swan, C It Smales, E D Swan, H Scott, S Scott, A. Smales, ASpurhng, JJ Shaw, G Shovelbottom, E Shoobridge, jun , E Salier, T E Salier, H P Sorell, J Swan, L Lyne, Shaw, E Shoobridge, H E Smith, J R Scott, S Sheehy, D Stanfield Mr J J Troup, D A C G, Messrs C Toby, J C Tolman, J Turnbull, Henry Tonkin Mr P W Vicary Captain Wilson (14th Regt.), Rev R Wilson, Rev A. J Webb Rev G Wright Rev A. Wayn Rev G M Wilson, Mr Alderman Walker, Messrs Walter, H Wright, J H B Walch, J Water, W I White, H Wilkinson H Wise T Withrington, G Wilson, I Wright's Wright Westbrook, G C Westbrook, A G Webster, C AVidoh, AVlutoomb, J F AValtlmm, AV Waterhouse, J F Walker, F J Windsor, AV Windsor, G B Wright, Walpole Messrs Russell Young (Solicitor to the Corporation). James Young, Edward Young, Coglan Yates (GOLD.) PRESENTATION OF ADDRESSES During the private receptions the following addresses were presented - Tub Legist active Council Presented by the President, the Hon W F Nairn '"lo Captain His Royal Highness Alfred Ernest Albert, Prince of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, Duke of Saxony, Duke of E linbuigh, uni of Kent, Knight of the Most Noble Order of the Garter, on " May it please your Royal Highness, " We, His Majesty's loyal and faithful subjects the Members of the Legislative Council of Tasmania, in Parliament assembled, beg leave to offer to your Royal Highness a respectful and hearty welcome to our shores " We rejoice at being enabled to renew, in the pre sence of your Royal Highness, those expressions of devotion and loyalty to the Crown and person of your illustrious mother which we have hitherto only been permitted to convey through the official medium of a Secretary of State, "in your Royal Highness's profession -for ever associated as it is with the glory and greatness of the British Einpno-weuio proud to recognise another proof of Her Majesty's gracious consideration for the national predilections of her people, and in your Royal Highness a visit to Her Majesty's Australian possessions who in e gratefully reminded of the deep interest at all times exhibited in the prosperity and progress of the British Colonial Elliptic by your late illustrious and lamented father Regarding the Crown as a bond of union which holds the Em altogether in onoliinniouioua while, we hail the presence of your Royal Highness in Insomnia as a fitting opportunity for manifesting our attachment to the monarchy and institutions of Great Britain, while we cheer fully accept it as an assurance that out claims upon the sympathy and protection of the mother country continue to be recognised by the Sovereign and Government of the Empire " We trust your Royal Highness will be enabled to recur to your visit to 'Tasmania with a pleasurable recollection of the affectionate loyalty of its people, and to bear testimony to their sincere and devoted attach- ment to the tin one and poison of mu belove 1 Sivorctgn " We desire to assure your Royal Highness that you will carry with you from Tasmania the heartfelt piujetsnf the people that you may be long spin ed to assist the councils of the Crown, iitidih/eud, if need be, the great objects of our common allegiance "W E NAlltS, President "Logtslvtno Council, I'asniima, Hobart Town, 7th family, 1808 "L C Howell, " Clerk of the Legislative Council " House of Assi uni 1 Presented by the Speaker, the Hon R Officer I'ortnltiyil lies in thirty Vlf i d 1 U past Ubuit Duke of Edinburgh, Duke of Saxony, Prince of S ixo Coburg and Gotha, Knight of the Most Noble Order of the Gallet, c "We, Her Majesty's most dutiful and loy of subjects, the Mum bers of the House of Assembly of the Parliament of Tasmania, desire to appin ich Your- Royal Highness with the sincere expression of our hearty congi situations upon your safe fit i rival in this colony " We no exceedingly glad of this opportunity of SHining our Royal Highness, as it son of out helps oil Queen, that our remoteness from the advantages and attractions of our motherland has in no measure alimony relief the strong feelings of attachment and loyalty which we have ever entertained towards Her Most Gracious Majesty h person and throne " We hall with great satisfaction your Royal Highness's connection with that aim of Hon M ijusty's service which has always been the pride and glory of the Ultimo, and we rejoice at having the privilege of giving > our Royal Highness arnott cordial welcome to Tasmania " It Oinerit, Speaker " House of Usomhlv, tasmania " Hobart town 7th January, 1868 ' H M Hull, " Clerk of House of Assembly " During the general loves the following addresses were presented - CHURCH OF EVGclNII Prosecuted by the Bishop and his Chaplain, the Rev H li Bromby " to His Royal Highness Alfred Ernest Albert, Duke of of Edinburgh, Duke of Saxony, Prince of Coburg Gotha, K G , K T " We, the Bishop of Tasmania and Clergjinen minis toting under his in their ty, desire to give a hearty and losiMictfu! welcome to your Royal Highness, and to assure you of our loyalty and attachment to Her Most Gracious Majesty " We present our united and individual homage to your Royal Highness as the son of our beloved Queen, thankfully leinoiiiboiing the virtues which have endeared her intimate to tens of thousands of her subjects who have never seen the father and of the poison of their Sovereign " We gratefully cherish the memory of the benefits which the great King whose name you burn and in the other of your Royal Ariosto s have conferred on our church through a long succession of ages, and we are glad to assure your Royal Highness that the apostolic filth and worship, is maintained by the United Ulundi of England and Ireland, are professed by the great majority if the people of I'luminuiii, at it ate, as with my, cherished not less earnestly time than in any other out of the British Empire " Islanders ourselves, we feel a special interest in a Ptuieo who represents in his own person our Queen's sovereignty of the seas, and wo to use that the visit of your Royal Highness to the colonies of Australasia mt) lied to draw Ilium more closely together in the hands of a common brotherhood, and a dutiful attachment to the online tile throne "It is um o truest prayer, that whatever his position may await you in the 01 terms of divine providence, you may fill it was only of those Christians influences by which the childhood and youth of your Royal Highness was so happily sun founded, and of those deep and sacred memories which you will ever associate with the name of your illustrious father. "(Signed) C H Tvsmasu, " On behalf of the Clergy " Council of Roma Presented by the Bishop of Hobart Town, accompanied by Archdeacon Hunter " To His Royal Highness Prince Alfred Ernest Albert, Duke of Edinburgh, Duke of Saxony, te "Mm it pic no your Royal Holiness, "We, the Bishop of Thibet Town and the C ithobc CloiiiVof the Diocese of Hobart t Town beg most 10 spectfully in appro lull your Royal Holiness on the auspicious OLCisionof your visit to Tasmania "every man only money itulate you on your arrival in this colony, and to a lily avail ourselves of the opportunity which your presence affords of giving expression to the devotion and loyalty to our Most Grace his Sovereign the Queen, your august mother, to her throne, and to the Km ii family, with which we are inspired " Womncoicly a list your visit to I'asm una will prove a mu has of present enjoyment, and a subject of phrasing recollection to you in future, and fervently pity the Almighty Giver of all good gifts to train still! life at] every happiness to her Most Gracious Majesty the Queen, and every blessing to you Royal Highness and told the members of the ltnMil Family " Signed on behalf of the Clergy of our Diocese, "DvSlEt. MuiirilT, Bishop of Hobart the own " OllUllOlI 01 Stow \J,D Presented by the Model Store, the Rev. J Sol vice, and the Rev C Simson " in His Royal Highness Pi men Alfred Ernest Albert Duke of Edinburgh, Duke of Saxony, I'n nee of a bing Gotha, ICnij,l|t of the Most Noble Order of the Gai to, Li " May it please your Royal Highness, "We, the Ministers and Elders of the Church of St of land in Tasmania, bog coffee to your I to} al Highness our hearty congratulations on your prosperous voyage to the Australian colonies, your recorded (at itiUcntiiin in witnessing the prosperity and loyalty of those of them [ you Inuu already visited, and on your safe arrival in insanitary "In common wi "li all classes of our fellow colonists, we rejoice that an appeal treaty is afforded its of bidding i otu Row to Highness it most cordial welcome to this colony, | and of assiiiingyoiiof out devoted loyalty to the throne and person of Her Most Gracious Majesty Queen Victoria " We i rejoice that an opportunity is afforded us by this visit (if journeyed Heartiest, not only of declaring to you our sense of the obligation under which the cause of religion has been laid throughout the world by the Times jiiiiI viz titles of her Majesty, and those of your lamented father, but also of acknowledging the special favour and attauliinoBt which Her Majesty, in her royal station, has ever shown to the Chuch of our fathers. " We outmoded your Royal Highness, in your further piogiosslhioiigli these colonies and in all your future eau ed, to the auto and protection of Almighty God, beseeching Him that He would boplousod to bestow upon you, with all temporal gifts, the choicest blessing of His gi aco, and finally grant you an abundant entrance into the everlasting Kingdom of our Lord and Sivunli. " On behalf of the Ministers and Elders of the Church of Scotland in I'asnmnni, "(Signed) John SHttMor, "Moderator of the Presbytery of Tasmania " CoNdllKdAllONM. OlIUHOH, Prosecuted by the Rev. G Clarke To His Royal Highness Prince Alfred Ernest Albert, Duke of Edinburgh, Kutghtof the Most Honorable Order of the Garter, etc. " May it please your Royal Highness, "Ave, the M luíste» and Delegates of the Congregational Union and Mission of Tasmania, beg most respectfully to offer your Royal Highness our hearty welcome to this colony. " We desire to assure your Royal Highness of our loyal attachment to the Royal Family of Great Britain, and specially of our entire devotion to the person the Government of our Most Gracious Sovereign the Queen. " We devoutly commend your Royal Highness to the favor and protection of Almighty God, and pigs that your Royal Highness may enjoy many years of health, honor, and happiness. " (Signed) George Clarke, Chairman. " (Signed) AV. 0. RoDiNHON.Seorotary." The Hebrew Congregation. Presented by the Rabbi, the Rev. J. M. Goldreich, sunnoitctlbythoWaiilous, Mr. P. Levy, President; Mr. J. Solomon, Treasurer and Mr. L. Susman, Hon, Sec. Dont, xxviii. 0.- "|nN3a find that in rain -pi "To His Royal Highness Prince Alfred Ernest Albert, Duke of of Edinburgh, Knight of the most Honorable Order of the Garter, is., to., &c.; " May it please your Royal Highness, "Ave, the Minister, Wardens and Officers of the Hobart Town Hebrew Congregation on behalf of our. selves and the members of our community, beg to approach your Royal Highness with an expression of our loyal attachment to the person of your august mother, Her Most Gracious Majesty the Queen, and the law, and institutions of the British Empire. " We congratulate your Royal Highness upon your safe arrival in this colony, and we trust that among the many scenes of devotedness and loyalty, which will greet your Royal Highness during your progress through the Australian colonies, the recollections of your Royal) Highness's sojourn in our beautiful island may not be amongst the least pleasing. " We sincerely pray that the God of Israel may protect your Royal Highness and so guide your here, that you become a worthy scion of your late revered father, Albert the Good. " We beg to subscribe ourselves " Your Royal Highness's Most humble and obedient servants, "J M. Goldivbicu, Minister. " Philip Lew, President. Joseph Solomon, Treasurer. " Leo BUCHAN, Hon. Secretary. Synagogue Chambers, "In both 5028, (January 1868.)" H -and Society of Tasmania Presented by the hon Secretary, Dr Agnew "To His Royal Highness Prince Alfred Ernest Albert, Duke of Edinburgh, Knight of the Most Honorable Order of the Garter, fee " May it please your Royal Highness, "As members of an association to which Her Majesty; has been graciously pleased to accord her patronage, to the President, Vice Presidents, and Members of Council of the Royal Society of Tasmania, on behalf of the Society, do ourselves the honor of offering to your Royal Highness a respectful, loyal, and cordial welcome to TiiHinauia " The scientific renown of your late illustrious father will, we are assured, of itself enlist your Royal High ness's sympathy with a body engaged, in however limited a degree, in philosophical pursuits " Your visit to the colony will ever be looked back upon by this society with feelings of extreme pride and gratification, and we sincerely hope that it loyalist attended with pleasant reminiscences to your Royal Highness " We beg that your Royal Highness will be pleased receive our assurance of unalterable attachment and loyalty to our Most Gracious Sovereign the Queen, " And, with profound respect, " We have the honor to remain "Your Royal Highness's very humble and very obedient servants, This Freemasons. Presented by Mr T Eddington and the Grand Love to His Royal Highness Prince Alfred, Duke of Edinburgh, Duke of Saxony, Prince of Coburg Gotha, Knight of the Most Noble Order of the Garter, Captain of the Royal Navy, to " May it please Your Royal Highness, " the station of the ancient University of Froeitl Accepted Masons we beg leave to offer our heart; greetings to Your Royal Highness on the occasion of your visit to tasmania " We but you as the son of our beloved Queen, and the descendant of an illustrious brother and Grade II sister of our Order, His Royal Highness the late Duke of Kent " We most heartily rejoice the opportunity afforded us of affords; no assurance, of loyalty to your Royal parent, and of sincere attachment to the laws and lush various ustthhshed throughout But Most Gracious Majesty's Mustdoiuimous " We are gratified to lent it that Your Royal Higlttioui voyage has been thus for propitious and we fervently pray that the G tent Architect of the uni verse may protect notified every changes, and restore you to your homes health, happiness, and safety) and whether Your Royal Highness should continue to john of the naval service of Great Britain, or be called to rule the native land of your rever d father, Albert the Good, may the Most flags endow you with this loss and unrest Hiding, strengthen you with His mighty power, and finally receive you into the schooling while He himself lives and reigns for over " We have been hard to subscribe ourselves, on behalf of the Linton They, Youth Hoy of Highness's " Most obedient servants, Anoipm Ixdi i reserve OiinHi on Odd To glows' Best trial by) the G to I Master, Deputy Grand! Master, G and Secretary, and Uliitplntn ' To His Royal Highness Prince Alfred Ernest Albert, a Knight of the Most Noble Order of the Garter, le, I " May it please your Royal Highness, i " We, live Iriiinil Master, Deputy Grand Master Board of Directors, and members of the Ancient and Independant Order of Oddfellows Friendly Society, desire to congratulate your Royal Highness upon your safe no rival in Tasmania j " M u beg to assure your Royal Highness, that under the leading principles of an Order, we are bound together in a bond of loyalty to the throne of England, and brother ly love to winds each other and our fellow men We desire j, therefore, by our hearty and confer reception of your Royal Highness, to demonstrate our devoted attachment to our beloved Sovereign and to the members of hot illustrious house. We sincerely trust that your visit to Tasmania will be productive of a notification to your Royal lWn,qtt>, and that you may be spared s if ely to. return to old England, and long to uphold the ulterior of that noble, profession which it is your put aside the idea, WiLLIAM Henson, Grand Sister J AMES Rouyuaov, Deputy Grand Master " Thom is Young McOiinisTit, Grand Secretary; " AitoiiniACOsDwiis, Grand Chaplain " Hobart Town, Tasmanian, "December 2nd, 1857" M.lNOHKSTKll ENTER I.O.O.F, Presented by The. Noah, Pro medal Grand Master, Hobart Town District, M.H. Odd Fallows. To Captain His Royal Highness Alfred Ernest Albert, Prince of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, Duke of Saxony, Duke of Edinburgh, Uni of Kent, KO., &c.; " May it please your Royal Highness, "We, the representative officers of "The llolwtt 'town District of the Manchester Unity Independent Order of OddFellows, beg leave to tender to Your Royal Highness the assurance of our gratification at your in rival in Tasmania. " We humbly take the opportunity of also rendering through your Royal Highness the continuance of our loyalty to your Royal mother Her Majesty Queen Victoria, as well as to her august throne and the succession thereto, as such succession is by law and custom happily established. "Sincerely praying that Almighty God may bless Your Royal Highness with a long and happy life, " We have the honor to be, on behalf of ourselves and the district of "The Manchester Unity Independent Order of Odd fellows," over which we preside, Your Royal Highness's most humble and very obedient servants, " Thomas Noah, P.G.M. " OuAKbKs Gailey, P.D.G.M. " A. T. SMALLHORN, P.O.S." RECHABITES. Presented by Mr. Tolmer. "To His Royal Highness Alfred Ernest Albert, Duke of Edinburgh, Knight of the Most Honorable Order of the Garter, Ac. May it please your Royal Highness, Wo, the OIHuoh of the Southern. toss District, Independent Order of Rechabites, desire, on behalf of the societies connected with the Order in Hobart town, to congratulate your Royal Highness on your safe arrival in Tasmania. " We desire) to assure your Royal Highness of our devoted loyalty to the throne of our Most Gracious Sovereign, and of our faithful attachment to her Royal person ; and we rejoice to have this opportunity of welcoming one of Her Majesty's sons. " Our KratillcatUm in welcoming your Royal Iflghoijs» to these shores is increased by the consideration that we are receiving a sum of out Sovereign whose private influence is so signally exerted in protecting the mond and social wolf are of bel people " We beg to express the hope that while in our midst join Royal Highness may be interested in the stand beauties of tips an isle of the sea, and we sincerely trust that your visit may afford you national pleasure, " W of have the honor to subscribe ourselves, "On behalf of the Order, " HtNiu Jules Cox. District Chief Ruler. " William Lia renovate it Deputy Ruler, " Willuv. thOMAS, District Secretary." GlAMOROVN AlUMOlPAMTÏ. "To His Royal Highness Alfred Ernest Albert, Duke of LMiuluugh, Duke of Saxony, Pipjce of Sum Colling Gotha, K G , &o; " May it please join Royal Highness, "We, I her Majesty's most dutiful and loyal subjects the Members of the Municipal Council of Glamorgan, desire to approach your Royal Highness with the general expression of our hearty congratulations upon your safe and rival in this colony, " Most truly do we to one at this opportunity of fouled m of assailing your Royal Highness, as a son of our beloved Queen, of our loyalty and attachment towards Her Most Gracious Majesty's person and there " We esteem it a privilege to have the opportunity of joining in giving your Royal Highness a most cordial welcome to Tasmania " Edwauo Oahu Shaw, Warden. " William John Lyne, Council clothe " Manchester Unity. Presented by Mr. Smart. "To His Royal Highness Alfred Ernest Albert, Brown of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Im- said, Duke of Edinburgh, K.G., Ao. " May it please your Royal Highness, " We, Her Most Gracious Majesty s loyal and faithful subjects, on behalf of the Loyal Southern Star, Raglan, Franklin, and Albemarle Lodges, being four lodges in this district in connection with the Manchester Unity I.O.O. Follows' Friendly Society, desire to offer you our sinnet ut expression of hearty congratulation! upon your safe arrival in this colony. " We are exceedingly proud of this opportunity of a mining your Royal Highness that the noble Society with which we are connected, extending its operations through the whole world, and amongst whose members the name of your illustrious and much lamented father w**,w0¡í honorably associated, will over foster the cultivation of that firm and devoted allegiance we owe to the safety of Her Most Gracious Majesty, and that the Mt person of Her Most principles it tends to ÄXmO»g»tP»n will ever ment your commends ""V. .,",". Royal Highness be able to recur to your M%yïL^ with a Pleasurable recollection of our *B»t0 0,M Vlllows' together with all our fellow loyalty as if" testimony to our united attack on the throne and person of our much beloved QC w" desire to assure your Royal Highness that you . U from us our heal their prayers that the All-wise all -3 8s may Small and protect you, with all at your Providence may B«ara,B(ifob(i^to is estimated command, and copy y y ^ affection to you by. The your most obedient servants, Vro are you JOHN KaTi pGM, ,., " Tims. L. Sims, P.D.G.M. || J. W Johnson, P.O. See." If WORKING MEN'S OMJB. 1 " year by Messrs. Graham, Stabb, and G. Brown, |Pre,6ntrfby o"beliálfof2r2rnombem I To His Royal Highness Alfred Ernest Albert, Duke I 'these? rival Highness to add the congratulations of 1 are JfZS to those of all other ranks of society on l!"rÄyotrsio»of the visit of your Royal highness forest money your Royal mother in the I AIF of the class to which we belong is well known j a ".««nonatothat interest by a firm and hearty I a small r!T devoted attachment, to Her Majesty's I'^AgT^sureyour Royal Highness that no I here in her Majesty's dominions will you find this IS stronger than amongst the working men of Fortune sake, therefore, of Her Majesty, and for the lake also of your Royal Highness's illustrious father, whose name is a household word amongst us as the 1 staunch friend of the artizan and laborer, we beg to be I allowed most heartily to bid your Royal Highness well I come to Tasmania. ",,.-, , ., i We trust that your Royal Highness may happily I accomplish your visit to these colonies of the Southern seas and may carry home to the fatherland pleasant I recollections of your protracted voyage. I «' In conclusion, we pray heaven to grant to your Royal Highness health, prosperity, and a long a happy, and a I distinguished life. ' _ ! ' . Wesleyan Conference, S An address from his body was presented by the Rev. I W. A. Quick, but we have been unable to procure a copy of it.' ^.^^^______ 