THE UNITED PRESBYTEEZAH CHURCH. The new pastor, the Rev. Daniel Mac kenzie, preached his first pastoral sermon, in the above place of worship, on Sabbath last. Considering the weather and the fact that owing to its being Easter time, the sacred edifice was well filled with a congregation who in Sir Mackenzie have found a gentle man of good attainments—an eloquent preacher—and what is a great desideratum in speakers now-a-days, a forcible but con cise manner of placing tbe truth before them. His text was in 118th Psalm, 25th verse—" 0, Lord, I beseech thee, send now prosperity." Hoi a word was wasted, and the rev. gentleman must have felt gratified with the attention paid him by those among whom he has cast his lot. In a few intro ductory remarks he commented upon the psamist rejoicing at a time when God had given him rest from his enemies, and when he was firmly established 1 on his throne. The text, he said, might be appropriately adopted by the congregation as the united expression of their earnest desires on that somewhat important and interesting occasion. Alluding to its being his first appearance before them as their pastor. Sir Mackenzie said we are all met this morning for the first time as pastor and people. Since last Sabbath wa have become united by a most sacred and endearing tie. To you as a Christian people God has given another teacher, and to that teacher God hasgivenanotherpeople. Tour vicissitudes j as a congregation are for a season happily ended ; a vacancy, in many respects disas irons to your prosperity, has at length been j supplied; In the good providence of God I there is once more in yonr midst a minister of the gospel who has ■ been solemnly set ' apart to break amongst you the bread of life. -For him this is a day of no ordinary interest; it is a starting-point—the com mencement of a new era in his history; while it is also an occasion to him of joy and "sadness, of hope and fear. Strange to say six years ago this very day he was ihtro- 1 duced-tv the people of his first pastoral charge. Of what he then saw, and said, and heard, he is by tbis somewhat similar posi tion forcibly reminded. It seems like yes terday since he preached that first serinon as an ordained minister of Jesus Christ. .What changes have passed since then! what joys, what sorrows, have alternated ia; his experience since that to hiui memorable day. And now how changed the scene. At a dis tance of 18.000 miles from that little sanc tuary on the banks of the Forth, lie stands before another people, their pastor and friend. Actuated by a sense of duty, and -believing in his heart that he was called to go far hence, to prosecute the work of- the ministry, he left behind him the scene of his early labors, his home, his kindred, and the people of his charge. Brought by God's good hand in safety to these shores, and ap pointed to occupy this place, it was in due course his privilege to receive a unanimous and cordial invitation to the pastorate of •this Christian church. That invitation so cordially given was as cordiallv accented. a ad by the deed of Presbytery he is now entrusted with the spiritual oversight of this congregation. So much for what is past; as for the future, it remains with God. He alone can tell whether the union sol re cently formed will be conducive to the hap piness and prosperity of all concerned. Yet do we not all in our hearts wish that it may be a ministry fraught with blessing to per ishing souls. Are you not deeply concerned for the honor and'glory of Zion P and am I not warranted in alarming that you axel in dividually lifting up your hearts ic prayer, sayingLord I beseech thee send now prosper ity. Prosperity, comes from the Lord. Except the Lord do build the house, the builders build in vain who built it. Come, then, thou spirit of the living God,- and fill this house with glory, and each heart with thy praise. " Come, Father of mercies, ahd-be stow upon us the riches of thy grace ; come, adorable Kedeemer, and abide in. our hearts and in our homes the hope of glory. I Come, Father, Son,xand Holy Ghost, that the mini stry of the Gospel here may be found in the experience of many, the power of God unto salvation. Mr Mackenzie then discussed the nature of the prosperity -for which he prayed, and pointed out some things which distinguish^ truly prosperous church. By many it was stated that a church wa3 prosperous if its congregation was large, its exchequer overflowing, and its services attractive and imposing, but, said Air Mackenzie, " Brethren, _these are by no means certain indications of a church's prosperity. All these circumstances may exist, the preachers may have the eloquence of Apoiio and the metaphysical acnmen of a Paul, the people may be rich and generous, the edifice may be magnificent and commo dious, the finances abundantly increased, and yet, after all, be destitute of the essen tial characteristics of a prosperous church. And now welcome to answer the question— " When may a church be regarded In a con dition of prosperity ?" I reply;—1st. When .the members discover an intelligent I ae-; qnaintance with the word of God. A church cannot be in a healthy state whose members possess an imperfect acquaintance with the doctrines of God's word. Where this! ig norance prevails it will act as a formidable barrier in the way of true prosperity. • -It; ■will necessarily be associated with a lack .of interest in the services of religion and in the ordinary agencies and activities -which belong to a christian church. They are in the awkward position of those - who profess acquaintance with subjects which they never understood and consequently cannot appreciate. 'They are as wells without water, or as barren fig-trees which merely cumber, the ground. . . . It is deeply to" be lamented that ignorance on tliese great subjects should so largely prevail at the present day; with the rapid inarch" of improvement made in ail other departments, it seems strange that there should be a lack of attainment in the things of,. God. Mr Mackenzie then referred to the time when, the husband and father was the priest of the household, the family a ehurch, and the liome a Bethel—a house of God, and said it would be well for us if this practice were - more generally observed amongst us now. 2nd. "That is a pros perous church whose members are dis inguished for the consistency of their ways md conversation." The rev. speaker com mented upon the displeasure with which God had visited the church in the wilder iess on account of the covetousness of Achan, anu, in alluding to the many being punished by th'e few, said it was frequently he case in families and communities. " It is seen in a family, often will one member become the occasion of grief and sull'ering to an entire household." ' " It is so" in christian churches and congregations, the prosperity of the church depends in a great measure on the character of its members.'5 Such'was the prosperity he, the speaker, sought for them. He earnestly entreated them to carry their religion with them into the world, and not to think that the sab bath duties were all that were required of them. Let them put in practice the teaching of the sabbath. 3rd. . l'hat "is * a prosperous church whoso ! or dinances are regularly and faithfully Sob-• served. - I might scarce have noticed this, point, as it must be obvious to all that if the sanctuary is neglected spiritual pros-; pcrity cannot exist. When "callousness about Divine ordinances is apparent, there is much reason to fear that the heart is not right? with God. ..... 4th. That is a prosperous church where brotherly love prevails. . . 5\. That is a prosperous church whose mem bers are actively engaged"" in seeking the spiritual welfare of those without. The man whose whole concern is for himself can never have a prosperous souL Selfishness has no place, or at least ought to have no place, with the followers of Christa 6th. That is a prosperous church which is i in etrumental in - saving souls.". Having di lated upon thiB 6th and final requirement of a prosperous church, Hr Mackenzie! ap propriately concluded. - ' 