Hf&itiig;# from gtittjrlt. ] CABINET CEMENT. JSrns useful composition illustrates a remarkable property ofi politic il substances—the attraction of cohesion^ A house may be dissolved by immersion in hob water, but fortified with Cabinet cement, ons-indispensable piece of furniture will remain to create astonishment for its marvellous tenacity. Benches on which Ministers rely for support are prevented' from coming to grief, in common with theic occupants, by aid of this consolidating agent. It is warranted not to st.il the most delicate hands, and will retain its efficacy for any length of time if kept in* the dark. Parties requiring it for packing, can be supplied with it in sticks. Enquire for "Premier's Patent Cabinet Cement." The genuine articie-is distinguished by the Government stamp, to imitate which is felony.—[Advertisement.] PATCHING "WITHOUT LAND. Public- attention has lately been directed to the somewhat prevalent practice of baby-farming. The persons called baby-farmers may, in these euphe mistic days, perhaps, prefer to call themselves j infanticulturists. Certainly, they are not without ■ reason to be ashamed of their name. There is one i remarkable difference between baby-farmers and j other farmers. The British farmer is of ten a Pro tectionist at heart; but the baby-farmers are utterly heartless, and by no means desirous of any legis- i lative enactment for the protection of the live stock ] which they live by disposing of. TUB ROD, AMD HOW TO USE EE. That Dizzy is a schoolmaster— The proof you have before you; The rod, the rod, you naughty boys— The rod he keeps liuug o'er you! Venture to vote as you think right. On Bright's or Gladstone's grounds. And good or bad, he'll fine you round, Each, say, a thousand pounds. For that's the ticket for a seat, Taking the lot together; Though some may manage for a song Election storms to weather. And dissolution is the rod Your master keeps in pickle, The tobies of rebellious boys At Westminster to tickle. Then shut up your abusive throats. And moderate your cholera. And sing small, as becomes a lot Of Dizzy's and Queen's scholars. NOTHING LIKE LEATHER. The success of tlie Abyssinian expedition will probably suggest a happy thought to some in genious disciple of St. Crispin. Completely to render to the conqueror of Theodoras all the honours which by precedent are tue due of a vie torious Generalissimo, we may^ expect that the name of Napier sill shortly be given to a new sort of boots. THE LAST 25EW BALLAD. Mr. Punch—I observe by your last number that there is a song just published with the title, **I \ will not ask to Press that Gheekr I know no more of it than the till % and therefore trust I am in fringing no copyright, interfering with no right of translation reserved, in ottering you my notion of what a ballad with such a title should be. Yours harmoniously, Anne Bishop Pckcell. P.8. The song is a tenor. The statement of this fact will also serve to indicate to you the sum I shall be contented to receive as an acknowledgment, however inadequate, of the tune and labour I have bestowed on the composition. " I will not ask to press that cheek, Without a guarantee That nature spread the pearl and red Which there I always see; Those lustrous lips I will not touch, Unless you promptly say That their bright hue is fast and true, And will not wash away. Those brilliant eyes may owe their charm To belladonna's use, Complexion tints, I've beard dark hints, Are changed by walnut juice; And if 1 ask the dearest girl, For whom alone I live. For one long tress to kiss and bless, It mayn't be hers to give. The pencilled brow, the raven lash, Are open to a doubt, And some mistrust, but they're unjust, The shape I rave about; So in this dubious state of things, And as the weather's warm, I will not seek to press that cheek, Or ask to clasp that form. SCIENCE APPLIED TO THE POLITICAL ARTS. L TO DISSOLVE PARLIAMENT. There are two descriptions of Parliament, one perfectly transparent and insipid, the other dark and full of impurities. According to the qualita tive analysis of some eminent chemists, common Parliament, that is the Parliament of commerce, is composed of Ministerial Varnish, Soft Soap, Gum Benjamin, and Colouring Matter. From gum Benjamin Parliament is supposed to derive its adhesive properties. This substance, though not possessing any peculiar consistency, is wonderfully plastic, and may be moulded into any form by patient manipulation. It is, however ! capable of resisting considerable pressure, and while it is itself with difficulty displaced, is said to have the somewhat anomalous power, in combi nation with Queen's metal, of dissolving all bodies to which it is opposed. Who has nut observed with admiring interest how the sensative atoms of Parliament are held in suspense, sometimes for weeks, by an occult influence which when in motion resembles fine dust, producing violent irritation and intolerable dizziness. It. ELECTORAL AFFINITIES. Gold is a universal political solvent, specially remarkable for its electoral affinities. Adminis tered by an expert hand, tumid independence is speedily reduced, and if largely employed, decom position of all the electoral tissues supervenes. When the auriferous wires of a powerful club bittery are brought in contact with the Poll, which, for this purpose, may be considered as an inexhaustible receiver, the Poll becomes positively electrified with venal avidity, the whole body sur rounding the Poll, being charged with a subtle fluid technically called craft.. Decomposed electoral tissue is always very offensive, and causes faintuess among young practitioners if exhibited in the House. " SCIENCE GOSSIP." The proper thing to use with gun-cotton is shot s'It. The cuckoo has been heard on Bethnal Green, and the nightingale has commenced singing in Short's Gardens. The swallows have returned to the Mansion House. A patent has been taken out for manufacturing pens with cocoa-nibs. Ladies will be pleased to hear that a process has been discovered by which they can electro-plait their hair. Many have burned their fingers by dabbling petroleum. A scientific ghost-story will shortly appear in fortnightly numbers, founded on spectrum j analysis. A QUICKSAND. The sand of time. 