PT, JOIIN'S IlJlUROI. Sinco the. lst 1' Mny thle Inumbeony of this Clhurch hase been vacant by the, resignnaion of the Rav, W. II. Browne, L.L.D. I but during the month that gIntle. man lhas continued to oillloloe until the up.. Opintment of a successor. The retirement of Dr. Browno n bUnlior chapluin in an event in the history of the Church in Launeeeston, for douhtlons theor aro few of the Church of h ug land congregation but have in some mannor boon connoeted with St. J.ohn's Church and its aged pnators and many of other religions have, during its long history hoomo ns socilted withl it. Dr. Brownei' connection with the pariah dates bahk to a period of uo, war le of forty years. On the doeoaeo of lthi 1Rev. Mr.. Youl, na uccessor was sought for In England. In the meantinme the Rev. MIr.Normoo, who recently retired on a pension nrrived and supplied the vacancy at Et. John's. After some delay in lntland, the Ilov. W. I. Broown was nppointed to the eure. Previous to his departure for Teamnain, the collego of which he was it stdrent, in order to mark their approciation of his learnin_, bestowed upon him the dehgr'o of L L.D. Shortly afterwards tho roev. ?ontloman arrived in this colony, and took chargo of tho parish of St. John's, the Rev. M\lr. Norman roemovin to Rose. During the long period ein o lthon Dr. Browne lhas continued to officiate, an interval only occurring n few yo'tra sinee, during which ho visited Great Britain. Alto gether Dr. IBrowne ha beeoon in the ministry 41\. years, and at the prosint time lihs been the loneest in office of any rlergyman in Tus manin, his appointment dating bnclr to Inst Fehruary, 40 years. )During Dr. Browne's serrice two other parishes have been formed t!hose of Trinity, ind St. Paul's-and many Imnorlant changes have taken place in the C lorch. On Sunday Dr. Browno's connection with St. Johin'S finally closed, and a larger number of communicants roeaived the holy sacrameont at his Imand-I than wo over re member to haveo een presenot themmelves before. His sermon way taken from the 19th chapter of Acta, the 2nd verse. In the evening an immense eongroga'ion assembled to hear the farewell sermon of Dr. Browne, who took his te?t from the 20th chapt r of the Acts, selecting the following versos, com mencing with tho17th: And from Miletus ie sent to Epheaoe, and calletthe elders oat the church. And n hen they were come to him, he said nato them, Ye know, from the first day that' I cabue ilt, Asia, after what manner I have been wihh you at all seasons. Serving the Lord with all haimlity of mind, and , with many tears, and temptations, which befell me by the lying in wait of the Jews': And how I kept hack nothing that was ]profitable unto you, but have shewed you, and base: tauoht you puhlickly, and from house to house, Testifying both to the Jews, and also to the Greeks, repentance toward Gol, and fitth towaid our Lord Jesus Christ. Ant now, behold, Igobonnd in the spirit ento Jerusalem, not knowing the things hat shall befall me there: Save that the holy Ghost wlinesseth in every city, saying that bonds and aflicetions abide me. Ilotnoneuoftheno thingemove te, neithereolnt Imy life dear unto myself, no that I might tinish my course with joy. and the ministry, which I have tereived of the Lord Jesus, to testify the gospel ofthe grace of God. And now behold, I know that ye all, among whom I have been preaching the kinodon of God shall see my face no more Wherefore I take you to record this day, that I ae pure from theblood of all men, For I have not shunned to declare unto you all the counsei ofGod. Take heed therefore onto yuureelves, and to all the flock, over the which tthe Holy Ghost hath iondo you overseer,, to feed the church of God, which he hath purchased with his own blood. For I know this, that after my departing shallgrlevous wolves :eter in among you, not sparing the flock. Alsoof your own selves shall men srise, speaking perverse things, to draw away disciples after then, . Therefore watch, and rec member, that by the space of three years Iceased not to warn every one night and day with tears. And now, brethren, I comniend you to God, aitnd to the word of his grace, whlich le able to build you up, aind to give you an inheritance among all them which are sanctified. . I have coveted no man's silver or gold, or apparel. The' rev. gentleman preached a very im pressive sermon, exhorting his congregation to rely npon God for nll their wants, great and small, and conunselling them to help his succesesor by their confidence. He referred to the pure doctrine be lihad ever been enabled to uphold by the assistaneoo of his congregation, and spoke' of the sentisfactory relations that had Over existed between dissenting ministers and himself. At the conclusion of the sermon tihe Sunday School children, who were stationed in the chancel, sang two hymns with great ieffct. A collectioon was made in aid of the eoiool," when £9 13s. wore collected. The Board of Patronage appointed for the care of St. John's (consisting of the Revs. A. Stackhouso, IH. P. Kane, andDr. Valoen. tine, and Messri. R. Green; -B.'W. Canmpin, II. Q. Kermode, and E. Gaunt) met yesterday to appoint a snocessor to Dr. Browne. Nothing,. however; was done in the matter, and tho meetiing wee' adjourned for a month. A meeting ofbthe parishioners will be held in the school.roomo to- morrow evening. Tee Ntiw ;MAcIrNeg AT TInR "Tiaras" OrriCR.--Muh anxiety, mystery, and' so crecy iha been manifested with regird to the performancea of this 'new printing wonder at the Titmes orice; thlie trictest survillance 'is exercived towards all .likely to approach it; the parties working it, are entire strangers to the ectablishmeont, 'nd no communication .of any sort is allowed to,.bea held with them. Alter many experiments, anlterations, and im provementl, it hasat lengthl been set to work, tnd thie result has been highly enatlsfaotory to l concerncd It lthro easolf about 23,000 perfect copies per iour, which is 46,000im pressions from etereiotype plates worked on turllcs on ttl orotaiy principle it maken very little waste, keps perl'oect regisler, tiud ilto gether bide fair to pove,an exeeil.nt mnaobine. . . t?,: :; ? :, . . , . - 