MELBOURNE SPRING MEETING. Thursday, Novemheii fl. (JFWhm the Argus.) PoNCTUALLi to tho appointed hour, the saddling boll sent foith its summons for tho first o*.cnt of tho day-tho Maiden Plate-for which a hold of ten mustered at tho post The ungainly Token was mst illcd first favourite, but 1 ly- i ing Dutchman and the dark candidates for turf honours, Palmerston and Sir Hercules, also had their admirers, the last-named pan gaining many friends from their fmo ' appearance lljing Dutchman, although looked upon as tho certain winner b*. the Geelong folks, did not impress us \erv f^ourablj, being de\oid of those fine racing qualities 60 essential e\ en in maiden race w hero thero aro animals "engaged of more than ordinär} calibre Koo-wee rup, like the majontj of Touchstono s piogenj, appealed small and w cody, but Sheet Anchoi albeit ho was on the small sido, stripped in magnificent form, as also did Chief tun and Boatman, while tho chesnut hoiso nominated by Mon ison appeared more fitted foi a sha« thin a raeocouiso The race needs but little descuption, as Palmerston had it in hand 60on after a milo had been tnversed, and coming into tho strught with a cloie lo id, he maintained his position to the end, ovontu nll\ winning rathol easily by a couple of lengths, Sir Hercules, roportcd as half-biother to tho Barb, gaining the unenviable position of second, and the big loken stalling oil 1 hing Dutthmau b\ a nick for thud plico, Patience, who fell oppoMto the scraping sheds, coming in some tuno nit i the others had weighed in loi tho Railwaj Stnkes, Mr H Fishei s Sjdney purchase, Blondin, was supported vei-v freeh at a slight shade of odds, Sir Solo- mon and 1 ho Swell being tho only other« at all regarded withfa*.om The result was never in doubt, foi tho black son of Lord of the Hills jumped awiv with the lead, was ncxer afterwaids caught, and won hard held bj thico quaitersof a length the ridiculous eiso with which ho won causing un immediate rush upon Little 1 lah foi the Cup, which was the next ince sot down foi decision Immediate!} aftei the disposal of tho Rulwaj Stakes, the plot began to thicken, and the excitement, which hid not preuousl*, been of an ixtiaoulinai) character, became in- tense public feeling waxing up to fevei heat as the difleicnt uacks tomuKnced to pando the paddock Ibe betting men were as thick as locusts, and it soonbecamo ippaiont that thou lungs had in no way suflercd since thtir last appearanco inpubho, for they made the welkin ung with their mellifluous voices, and c\oiy description of patois in the English language might ha*, o been heard m tho encloouio as tho mctallicnns solicited tho support of tho public The easy uctorioi of Palmerston and Blondín in fheinospoctiva íacss had tho effect of materially reducing (ho oddi «gainst Lady Manners Sutttn and Little Tish, the foimei having had a satisfac- tory trial with Palmerston, and tho son of fisherman being spoken as " stones superior to Blondín ' Tho idol of the public, Sjdnoy lim, however, ¡haily maintained his position at tho head of tho poll, and ¿ to 1 was the highest Enco offered against hun Ho, Mr 1 îBhor s pair, Glencoo, iBdj Manners Sutton, and one or two other«, w ora the only horses backed with anything like Bpint, and wo never remember a Cup rico over which speculation was so limited, a fact proba bl} to bo attributed to tho tightnesi of the money market Ona of the first of the Cup repiesentati\es to catch out ojo was tho rat tailed scrubber Snip, whose chanco was regarded as a ; most remote ono, and Milesian, another of the up-country division, industriously circulated as a "good thing," did not at all favourably impress us Quite a difforent couple, howe*, or, wero Mr Tait s repre- sentatives, Glencoo and Bylong With his coat shining with tho bloom of health, legs clean and wiry as whipcord, and the muscles standing out on his anns and thighs in gi and development, lhere was no mistaking which wa« Mr lni( s best nshe stalked majestically round the paddock, and as his custodian removed his clothes, mid tho black- smith knocked oil his plates to preparo bim foi tho fray, lie was ¿mrounded bj « large and admiring crowd of friends, who wore loud in their laudations as to hu i-pUmhd condit on, and although 13} long wnscomp-intivel) ncfcleclcd, tlicro were not a few who hoped igunst hope, fondly anticipating a victor) foi tho "limo un,' as ho wau tinned bj tho betting men Alongsido Mr Tail's pair, Mr Cleeland s pomes Sheniudoah und Barwon di I not shine cinfpiruoush , but Divul did not ncivo himself for the conibnt willi Gclinlh willi giealor cotifidenco than did the host of fbeAlbion preparo his steeds for thocoming stiiiegle Both were as til as it was possiblo to miko Ihein, the golden bkm of Barwon shining in the sun like a niirrot Lady Manners Suttou did not stnko us as being much improved or thickened smco we last saw her in iiublic, foi ehe appeared to havo grown rathor shelly, and looked somewhat shirk behind tho saddle Strop wa« fit enough to run for a niau s existence-alboit maay of the knowing ones took exception to tho amount of daylight under hiui Mau) anxious inquines were mado for tho Cup hero of 1867, but Mr Do Mestro wisol) kopt him in his box until overv thing ebso had loft the paddock, when ho brought the crack out, tho few persons in tho vioinity making an immediato rush to got a glimpse of tho Sydney hero As is nlwa}s tho caso when Mr Do Mestro has tho supervision of a horse, lim was in great fottle, and ap- peared to have been timed to an hour, tho musclos starting out all o*. cr his body His stnblo companion, Stumpy, was a horse of quilo n different character, and ono of that class which might win a Cup with something -undor 7 Bt upon his back, but never with anv thing abo\ o it Ragmokor looked well, bul wo thought her rather light , andLittlo 1 ».h reminded us much of his siro outwnrdlv, " but no moro liko his father, ' as a rncohorso, than chalk Is liko cheese. Mr Keighran's two, Seagull and Sylvia, were in good form, the former, however, exhibited slight lameness as she paraded the paddock, and another "breakdown" was prognosticated by those who witnessed the tendency to limp in her galt. Lantorn, tho "moral ocrtaint) of St lukin, wo regarded ns an impostor diicctl) wo cast oui o)cs over him, foi ho is an owe necked, three eornered brute, with not (ho slightest nppoarancc of "a wonder about him Iho TI), about whorn wo had heard so much, wo did not see, but with regard to Cup- bearer, Newchum, Cedric, and Milo tim they woro clcirly out of their clement Niuiblofoot appeared to bo a much beltci horse than upon tho last occasion when wo saw lum perform but, like man*, other fancied oncB, he cut up a rank duflei in the race After parading in front of the stand, the competitors (Iw en(\\-four in number) niuchtd lo the post, fiom whence, nfier a slighf dein) caused by the fractiousncss of Lanlora and Shenandoah, tho\ were dispatched to a pretty e\cn start, of which lim A\ hillier had nil tho worst Boovooleo icfusing to go with his horses was left behind lliofnst to show m advance wero Barnon and Shenandoah, both of wluninindo stiong running past tho stand, followed by Little 1 ib.li, Mr lait s two, and Ragpicker, lim Whifller following in (ho ruck Rounding tho turn, Mr Clooland s two maintained the pudo of place, and still further in- creased their lead as the) went along tho back of the course. Mary Ann Wing third, and Litllo 1 lah, Ragpicker, and soveial others already hanging out signals of distress Ncnnng (he abattoirs. Barwon began to fall back, but (ho giry mare still carried on tho running, and bo strong was bhe going that man} imagined she would never bo hoidod, " AN ill the) ever catch herr resounding from all sides Soon, howevti, the )ollow gnib of John lait was seon forging to tho front, and just as tho scraping sheds weie readied, Glencoe, going as strong »s a lion, mado a fino effort, and deprived Shen andoah of the lead, ¡strop also coininç with n grand rush as the) swept awn\ into tho straight, from which point the race w is never in doubt, the chesnut nppnienth having it in hand all thowiv home, nnd his 6UCCC6S was loudh pioclaimed as tho rails opposito tho eairmge paddock weie reached But Strop cimcngun, and foi a moment looked dangerous, it was but foi a moment, lipwover, foi Sfnnlo) shook hi» horse, and bo won cleverlv b) a length, amidst tremendous excitement, Shenandoah finishiDg a good third, Tim M hillier fourth, and Smolcnako fifth tho nick being man) lengths behind Tho viclorv of Glencoo was undoubtedly a grcit one, for it must bo borno in mind that ho was carrying 3 lb over his weight for agc, and such a performance stamps bun as quite tho equal of IirewoikB Whether Shunwidoah might have won had sho not so much taken out of her b) lier frac ttoiiMioss and also by making the running for such a time, is a matter we shall not discuss, but we are strongl) of opinion that hail she been favoured with luck, the Cup would not have gono to Svdney agun lho liismanian Stiop ran a (,000 horse, and his position m the race speaks volumes for Ins condition lim A\ hillier s perfoiiminco was, indeed, a gi and ono Gotting awa) badi), and also Buffering troni tho disidvintago of being disappointed w hen endeavouring to get to tho front, still he defeated cverv A ictonnn horso in the raco with tho exception of one 1 ho mnnnei in w hich ho caine through his horses towards the finish must prove a silencer to those whoptophesied Ins ignominious downfall, and if ovoi there was a enso of defeated but not disgraeed, it was, upon the occasion of 1 mi AN hillier running a good fourth in tho Melbourne Cup of 1868 The position of tho rishciman family in the lace proves most conclusive!) that the progen) of the old Heion horso have boen siidl) ovenaled, as nono of them looked danger- ous after tho first mile Seagull breaking down i,ndiv, o»' «i.» oil »a not nven finishing near the first four Ike Hurdle Race, liko the two i.».. i,n(r ,t n[80 f0n <0 a Svdnev horse, 1 aiigh a-Ballngb, inamlv owing to mu riet ot Potatoes and Ruled uinning oil the course, and tho Svdnc)-bred Blondm likewise demonstrated most deci- sively that A ictom is infested with a lot of annuals unworthy the name of racehorses, for tho first two in the Railway Slakes were bred in New South Wales, and the A letonnns had no chance with them Now South Wales horses won the Cup and Hurdlo Race, and, to finish us up, two New South A\ ile bled animals, Blondm and bit Solo- mon, ran clean awa) iiom their A ictorian opponents in the Darling Stokes Appended is the result of the di) s racing - I Maiden Flato, of 5 sovereigns each, with 150 sovereigns added. AVeight for age. One mile and a half. Mr. AV. J. ClaikV» bl h Palmerston, 4 years, by Premier (Jones) ... ... ... ... ... ... 1 J. Bradley ns bl h Sir Hercules, 4 years (Ckifnev) ... 2 G. Lewis bl h Token, 4 years (Lang) ... "... ... S R. Whiteheads b o Boatman, 3 years, carried Ski lb ovor (fîoodie) J. Ilaimcs'sb o Flying Dutchman, 3 years (MalhlcsoB) n. M'Intosh'a br m Patience, 4 years (Ross) J. Kerr'e eh h Sheet Anchor, 4 years (Morriso*>) I.. O Patterson's b e Koo-wee-rup, 3 years (8 Dayii) j S. Walüock'a ch h Chieftain, I years (8. AValdock) J. Morrison na ch h-, 4 years (A. Davis) J. Wilton ns - Young Jessica, 2 years (dr.) L. L. Smlih'8 b g No'Summlcr, 3 years (dr.; O Carmichael'« ro h Caledonia, S years (dr.) Boding- 6 to 4 against Token, 5 to 2 against Flying Dutchman; 4 to 1 against Sheet Anchor, 6 to 1 against Chieftain und Boatman, 5 to 1 against Koo-wee-rup and Palmerston. Tho unnamed chesnut jumped off in advance, but the running was coon taken up by Token and Flying Dutch- man, Koo-wee-rup, who throw his rider directly tho Hag fell, bringing up tbo rear. They ran thus at a middling pace till opposito the old stand, and until half way round the turn, when Palmerston and Sir Hercules turnod on tho steam, and soon passed Token and tho Dutchman, Patience coming down a burster. In tho straight Palmerston ossiiycd the lead, and carried it on to tho end, winning rather easily by a couple of lengths, Sir Hercules second, Token defeating Flying Dutchman for third placo by a hoad. Time, 2 minutes öl seconds. . Railway Stakes, of 6 sovereigns each, with 100 sovereigns ( nddid. For 3 year olds, 7 st 3 lb ; 4 years, 9 st; 5 years, 9 st 71b; Oyoarsund aged, 9 st 9 lb. AA'inner of any race of the value of 100 sovereigns to carry 7 lb. extra ; of two | or more Buch races, 14 lb. extra. Ono milo and a quarter. Mr II. Fisher's bl li Blondi«, 5 years, by Lord of tho nilla (Morrison) ... ... ... ... ... ", 1 ' J. s err'a b g Sir Solomon, aged (Jones)... ... ... 2 L. L. Smith's b c Melancholy Jaques, 3 years, 7 lb extra ' (Adderlej).3 J. Hairnet's h h Bachelor, G years (Coko) E. Jtllctl'8 ch g Sportsman, û years (Mitchell) C. Marson'8 b g Sir Atthur, 4 years (Harrison) J. Cleeland'» br f Flying Scud, 3 years (Carroll) G. Lewis's b o Euphrates, 3 years (J.Jones) S. Wnldock's bl li The Swell. 4 year« (S. Waldock) II. Fisher's br f Ragpicker, 3 years (dr.) F. Tozer'» b f Thetis, 3 ycara (dr.) W. Cralg's gr g Statesman, 3 years (dr.) < - Betting-6 to 1 against Blondin, 2 to 1 against the Swell, 4 to 1 against anything else. f Flying Scud was tho first away, but soon gavo place to Blorilin, who never allowed his opponents tho ghost of 1 a chanco from start to finish, winninghurd hold, by three quarters of a length, Sir Solomon second, Melancholy .Toques third, and Flying Scud fourth. Time, 2 minutes 21 seconds. MEL1IOUUKE CI/I*. A sweepstakes of 20 sovereigns each, with 300 sovereigns added. The winner of any handicap of the value of 100 sovereigns after the declaration of tho weights, 3 lb. extra ; of two or moro such races, 5 lb. extra ; second horse 50 sovereigns ; third horse to savo his stake. Two miles. Mr. J.Tait'schh Glencoe, 4 years, by Lord of tho Hills,8 st 1 lb including 3 lbs extra (Stanley) ... ... ... 1 AV. Field's b g Strop, aged, 7 st lOibs(Walsh).2 J, Cleeland'« gr m Shenandoah, aged, 7 8t 5 lbs (Pullar)... 3 E. De Metre's b h Tim AVhifller, 0 years, 10 st 4 lb', (J. Kian) ... .,. ... ... ... ... 4 P. J. Keighran's br m Seagull, 5 years, 8 st (Waterman) P. J. Keighran's b g Stumpy, aged, 8 st (Donnelly) AV Ciaig's b g Nimblefoot, S years, 7 st 12 lbs (J. Carter) Lee's ch m Gulnare, 0 years, 7 st 10 lbs, including 3 lbs extra (G. Thompson) -enh horse Bylong, ii years, 7 st 7 lbs (Bennett) L. L. Smith's b ni Lady Manners Sutton, 5 years, 7 st 0 lbs (Adderley) H. Fisher's br h Little Fish, 4 years, 7 st 0 lbs, carried 7 st 7 _ J. Clccland'a b h Barwon, aged, 7 st 5 lbs (Sullivan) P. J. Keighran's b f Sylvia, 4 years, 7 st 5 lbs, carried 7 st 7 lbs (Atkin) J. naimce'B b g Tasman, aged. 7 at 2 lbs (Mathieson) H. AV. Jclletl's br g Snip, aged, 7 st (Taylor) ,,","" T. Ryan's b g Cupbearer, aged, 0 st 13 lbs, carried 8 st 3 lbs J. Whitehead'» b m Mary Ann, aged, C st 11 lbs, carried 7 st 4 lbs (Goodie) . > , M " , J. Haime»'» b h Smelcnsko, aged, 6 st 10 lbs, carried 0 st 13 Iba (D. Mitchell) " ,,",t . ,. , J. Lamb's b h Booyoolee, 0 years, 0 st 10 lbs, carried 7 st (Roe) S. Waldock*» br m The Fly, 4 year«, 6 st 0 lbs (Anderson; A. Clingin'sb g Now Chum, aged, 0 st 7 lbs (T. Brown) G Carmiohael's b g Milesian, aged, fi st 7 lbs (Tremble) It. Fiibcr'B br f Ragpicker, 3 years, 0 st 4 lbs (S. Davis) J Lamb'» eli g Cedric, aged, C st 3 lbs, carried ß st G lbs (Henderson) ' J - ' ...?'-.'.,, " J. J. Milter's bg Lantern, C years, 6 st, carried 6 st 11 lbj d-ewb») ^ ,* , Mcekan'B b g Menkoy, aged, 5 st 7 Ita, (dr.) J. Tait'8 bl h Tlic Barb, 5 years, IO si 7 lbs, Inoludlnr 3 lbs culm (di- ) . J. Field'« br li I'niarilo. 4 year», 7 et 0 lbs (dr.l , W. Craig'« b h Tim WHi/iler, 0 year«, 8 «t 2 lb« (dr * AV J Clarke'« bl h l'alnwxstoii, 4 years. Bet 2 I lit (dr ) ' T. Ryan'« b m Illgulla, 4 v-eur«, 7 »I 3 lbs (dr.) H W. Jillcll'f bhll A., 4 stars, ? st 12 lb« (dr.) B.-Waldock'« bl h The 8wi II 4 years. C st 10 lba (dr.) Belling- 3 to 1 against Tim .AVhiffler, 4 lo 1 against Little Fish, 5 (o 1 agninst Ragpicker, 7 lo 1 against Glencoe, and from 10 to 30 to 1 against anything else. After a slight delny, caused by the antic» of Shonandonh, (bo flag dropped to a good start, Barwon and Shenandoah n< once lushing to the front, Littlo Fish and Ragpicker sido by sido in their track for tho first half milo, Mr. Tait's pair also showing n bold front a« ihcy passed tlio Bland, many who were unablo to livo tho pneo already dropping astern. No alteration of moment took placo as the) went along tho buck strolch of tho course, with the exception of Mary Ann superseding Littlo Fish, who, wilh his Btablo companion, soemed to dis- like tho woik. Ab Ihey approached the old stand Shenan- doah increased her lend, and Gloncoo took tho placo of Mary Ann, innny mistaking Mr. Tail's horso for Gulnare. Passing tho abattoirs, tho result was ovidontly between Shenandoah, Glencoe, Strop, Smolonsko, and Tim AVhifflor, Iho last named rapidly making his way to tho front as tboy npproRChod tho scraping sheds, from which point Glencoe assumed tho lead, Strop soon after passing Shenandoah, and endeavouring to catch Glencoe, but without avail, as Stanley kept his horse goinp, and won clovorly by a short length; Shenandoah third, Tim Whifflor fourth, and Srooknsko fifth-none of tho others having the slightest chunco. Time, 3 minutes 42 seconds. Hurdle Race, of 5 sovereigns each, with 100 sovereigns added. About tkreo miles. Mr, R. Norfolk'« br g Faugh-a-Ballagb, aged, 9st lilts (Downes) ... ... ... ... .1 J. N. Perkins' b g Potatoes, aged, 9 at 13 tbi (Perkins) !.. 2 8\. Davis'» ch m Lady Clare, aged, 11 et(Mitohell) J. Whitehead'« ch g Brongcwork, aged, 10 st (Aspinalll) J. J. Millei's l.r h Blue Jacket, S yra, 10 at 4 Isa (Stone)i J. Brown's gr g Yorkimircman, aged, IO Bt 2 lba (Dal- rymple) 1 Pender n«. b g Tlayboy, aged, 10 it, (Call man) ¡ C. Clarke'« b m Kalcd, aged, 9 st li lba (Thomaa) ' li. Pinner's b g Standard Bearer, G year«, 9 st 11 lba (Chifncy) J. Aimstrong'a b g Falstaff (lato Oncc-aWcck), aged, 9 st 4 lbB (M Keny.ic) T. J. Ryan's b h Sir Domlnlck, 4 yrs, 8 st U lbs (Tothill) G. Hnrbroe's br g A'nlentine, aged, 10 el 8 lbs (West) It AVhitthcad's ch g Charley, aged, 10 at ... ... dr Belling-6 to 2 against Potatoes, 7 to 2 against Lady Clare, ö to 1 against A'orkRhireman, 6 to 1 against |JaoK Hall, Standard Bearer, and Bluo Jackot, 10 toi against Faiigh-u- linllagh. Potatoes and Kaled cut out tho running, until approach- ing Iho straight the first timo round, when both ran off tho course. Potatoes coming back almost immediately. Play- boy led past tho stand, followed by Yorkoy, Bluo Jaokot, I and Lady Claro, but »ealing the Abattoirs, Pointées, whn j made up his ground in fine style, closed on tho loadors, the j S)dney horse making his effort at the samo timo, and (hey I had tho finish to themselves, Fnugh-a-Ballagh winning after a fine slrugglo upon tho part of Potatoes, by a littlo moro than ii length ; Standard Bearer third, but not receiv- ing a place from tho judge. Darling Slakes.-A sweepstakes of 6 sovereigns each, willi 100 sovereigns added. For 3 years old, 7 st. ; 4 years, 9 st.; 5 years, 9 Bt. 81b. ; 6 years and agod, Oat. 10 1b. Ono mile und a-hnlf. Tho winner to bo sold for £200. Mr. II. Fisher's bl h Blondin, S years, by Lord of tho Hills (Momsen) ... ... ... ," ... 1 J. Kerr's b g Sir Solomon, aged (Jones)... ... ... 2 S. AValdock's ch g Headsman, 5 years (8. Waldock) ... 3 ).: Jrllctl's cb g Sportsman, G year» (Mitchell) .T. N. Peikin» ns b g Commodore 0 years (Perkins) L. I. Smith's br o Monsieur Le Beau, 3 years, drawn, Betting, 6 to 4 and 2 to 1 on Blondín. 'The favourite led from tho start, closoly followed by Sir Solomon ; the others seemingly outpaced all the way. About half-a-mile fiom home Sir Solomon tried for tho lend ; but Morrison nover gavo him a chance, and Blondin won easily by three-quarters of n length. Time, 2 minutes .19 seconds. i 