?* ? ; '' . v -a ? _^ ? , . . . ???',.. ! THE ARCHBISHOP, OF- TUAM ON i ? .; THE CONDITION : OF IRELAND:- ? ; 'n.'%i I a meeting held in support;:- of: thei ;ijil7eraj; caudidates for the -represeritation of! :C{miity-^ayo^ lns;Grace,the!; Archbishop ;ofi jT'iiam ' delivered' the following- truly ? iCatholier an, i, national speech; :-;-;?.;:;- '.Sm;:^ ::;-du'..'-.«;\ '. _- , , I^LisiGrace ..the; Al'c^^ishQpi'On^?ns'ing, ^ras re'ceiHd' with. 'enthusiastic -/applause/ i i/His; Lordship said I have, only :to express! aihope'i It.]iatVaftor..1the. long, sleep pf j near -{twenty, ytjiira, xliiring which the ancient traditions of ? ;i^]arid.were almpjStvfyrgotteli, tthaththere^ 'is1 iio\Y ajspirit' pi .resuscitatipn'.among'.tlie'ipeo- ,pje,' that! ^vilCspfcaici through neyeryn quarter, ? ;lj,tid!'tfiat AVjjiLjneyeK.j again be isufferednto Fglmi»ber until we have that; justice; for which'/ HVe^hji^e.so long.;f9ugl^tS;«^i\d:vwhich!lias ite'eiJ rs^!!c;i;u(|lly aud unjustly denied us;.-:. (Great; rj{h|)^U5e,). i.j.So^e, jt\^'tyf.t(\y^f!or.f forty th'reej 'y^lirs 1 ,av.e/|iriii^(i}-sinp^jiii:q! iold[ jsystemrof ,sferf;^pm ;tha^w!ejail^4;^oJt p^ly in;Mayobut: SuFoyo ? Ireland, was broken — since the ; peo-1 jj'e^f .^layo rose ' ^.lnassft' and yiudicatedr T/jj^ig v the sv;ipno4fjt family; long/hostile t6^ '?\iii$ hit ire'vsisV)f Mayo, the freedom ofielec d^ru] [Greatia^pja^sy ri;ln .thevyear . '26;-^' iv'?i^ni|ini,.?rable.y^i.-T-the people,, at the in'-; ^uivaMn of their clergy, and, at the same'; 0Rtfe^at the bidding of that great Tribune svLo then filled Ireland with his fame, and ? whose death has been since a great calamity ' —at that time, the persons who were in the habit of driving what they called freeholders ' to the political market, as they would their ? cattle to Smithfield — at that time the people felt their degradation, and they were resolved to break their chains ; they did so, and vindi cated in the freedom of Mayo, the freedom of a great portion of the people of Ireland. (Applause). Mayo was then one of the most favoured counties in Ireland, and at every contest that took place, and though other localities distinguish themselves much, Mayo was never in the back ground, until the sad occasion of the famine, now more than twenty years ago. When that misfortune came it swept the country and broke the heart of the people. It sent those who had means and who survived it to foreign lands, and thus we have been from that day to this in a state of, if not of abject slavery and serfdom, at least of melancholy silence, for which some apology might be offered. There is: now again a time of resurrection, a time of resuscitation. The very persons who were the mainstay of the greatest wrong that then ; existed, and that still exists, but I hope it will not long exist, namely— the Church Establishment, the curse of Ireland— the ' people of England have been forerunneis of its destruction, and have awakened us to a sense of our slavery and to the freedom for which; we were long hoping. (Applause.) So those -persons who were foes heretofore have been enlisted in our cause. I trust they shiall not find Us unworthy or ungener ous allies; (Loud applause.) We are now assembled to take into consideration the merits of ithose who stand as candidates for the; county, and it is a very singular circumstance that although due notice has .been given to the candidates through the public vehicles, with' the exception of one honorable mem ber —(applause) — who is the pride of Mayo and of ; Ireland, and would be held a worthy representative by the most independent con ? stituency of Ireland — none has condescended to attend' on this interesting and important \- occasion.- lit is a very singular thing that of those persons not one of them has conde scended -to appear on this occasion, to ask the suffrages of those on whom they depend, and without whose countenance and support they could but reckon themselves as nought. However, there is no disputing about tastes. They have had a monopoly of power. We don't cpme here to dispute the legitimacy of tlie titles .conferred on them by_ law ; we do not j dispute their legitimate right to their rents ; they have a just claim to them, and they' ; shall never find the Catholic clergy arrayed in any unholy conspiracy against the legitimate rights of the higher or any other 'classes of society. (Hear, hear.) Society -has its gradations like the perspective of 'nature. . Whatever is most beautiful is gra 'duatecl. We no more mean to level the high ones of society than we mean to level the sloping hills and the majestic v mountains by which we are surrounded. We wish to leave every person their allotted place in society — to, uphold the position of -tlie respective classes, not to level them. Tli ese gentlemen have a right to their rents, ?arid the fieeh.)lders have an equal right to ? their; votes,, and I don't see why those titled ?-pr untitkd gentlemen whom fortune has favoured with estates and properties— I don't I see what right they have to come to the free 'holders and say 'You must vote at my bidding.' (Hear, hear.) They would not -like that any person should countenance an f attack.- on their properties, nor would they Jlikethat; any person should say 'You are i en joying... a; .superfluity of the wealth of the 'world.. The wealth of the world was made for all and it is exceedingly unjust that you ; should enjoy a monopoly of wealth while we are starving.' This Language would be as unpalatable as it would be unconstitutional, and-I say that it would not be proper. I say, ^therefore, that as they wouid feel an unjust assault made on their properties, the people could complain with equal justice, of landlords takihg upon themselves to coerce the votes of their tenants. (Hear, hear.) These persons should not take upon them i selves to be trustees for the votes of their '?tenants because I believe that these very 'landlords are the last persons whom the vpeople would ;choose as their trustees. (Hear, ?ihearJ) W e come then to advocate freedom of ; ' election. We come;to advocate what is right. -We come tq denounce what is wrong ; and ho matter frpmr what quarter that comes, it is -oiir duty:- ;fco; denounce it, and as it was from, : the- 'beginning' and will be to the end of. time ; the/ duty of, the clergy to raise their -voice ? against oppression, and to give a louder. rind more' emphatic tone to that voice in prppor-1 ftibiito; the elevation of those persons' -who : ; ' ~ ( are its ? agents, it will be our duty to the^n'd -of- our; lives: to vindicate right; and denounce-' \ r Wrong 'by ,.h ;insoeyer it is inflicted. (Ejcftld1 : 'applauke.) It is right that: every ^n&ftt; shhuMj vo, te for; whom he chooses $; i&tiwit-; i$ ;. therefore 'that, I :ask--this ass8riifely','4ndi!lri tlirough this., assembly all Irelatidf- wHat;l!i:' \- Would [be^the. result if; the. people (of .Ireland: : ?ua'd thfitreal freedom which is onlyitheipr,etir;p: .- ??-?'? . (Silly gf- anted to them, (Hear, %e®$ ... , ]W£o. . ;( ; , : Ht^ VHe- votefe of Ireland ? I'hav'e 'hot taken ''?-.' - the trouble of consulting statistics, but I be lieve the great majority of the freeholders — I aho&d; say 90 out of every 100, at all events iare Catholics, and being... Catholics, ,if th^«6uld vote according to their convic tions,and according to the strength of their attac Went to their religion, according to the Warmth of their affection for their children, do --you think if they were really free they Would suffer all the hideous enormities relics of the penal laws-that now prevail all over Ireland. (Hear, hear.) They would, at whatever day the election would take place in each county, put an end to them all, and would return such a majority in Parlia ment as would secure us every measure that is necessary. However, under present cir cuSancesf we cannot hope for this; but one thin' I would adjure those gentlemen if th^.we^ present-not to imagine that we are their enemies. They don't know their friends. Were it not for the clergy of Ire land, they might indulge in well-grounded apprehensions. We had lately an extraor dinary exhibition of discontent in this country, called Fenianism, which, like the two-faced Janus, has been represented m quite opposite colors by the friends or the enemies of Ireland. What caused this Fe nianism which has filled the world with astonishment 1 What was the origin of this extraordinary revolution which occurred m Ireland A If the people of Ireland were left in the enjoyment of their former rights .; if they had been left in the cultivation of then fields and were not driven capriciously, if Hot- cruelly, from their country, Ireland Would have been spared the contemplation. of all the disastrous scenes that recently took place After that lamentable calamity, of Which I spoke just now, the people were sent far away. , Some died on the passage ; some of the vessels were scuttled, and the people perished in the waves. Some fled to, foreign countries, but instead of sharing the fate: of poor exiles they have been lifted to ' independence in America. To America they brought with them their resentments— they did not forget who drove them from their country. They were resolved to come back occasionally, and like ghosts to remind those who sent them away, those who politically slew them, that they were the au thors of their elevation; (Hear, hear.) These landowners should take a lesson and note What has been the result of the oppression exercised 'by their ancestors. Do they mean to continue the same course 1 If they do they should apprehend similar results. 1 or t,« ,,/u,v Or,™ flip wiiul must rear) the tern pest. The same seed, if sown, will produce the same crop as before. Is it not high time that they should take a lesson ? In coming here to-day, we are, I think, the best friends of the landlords. We are, I think, the best friends of the government, of the peace, and I will add the prosperity of the country, but if they are determined to pursue the same Course, if they are resolved to have their pound of flesh, if they are resolved not only to assert titles, but to treat those freemen as Serfs—to treat as serfs men of intellect equal to their own, rnuii whose noble foreheads and whose elevated frames and intellectual coun tenances attest the full participation of that Divine spirit, which has invested all the child ren of Adam— they; must be met by a bold and deter min ed resistance. We come here to tell those gentlemen to content themselves With the exercise of their own power, not to transgress its limits. We won't cross the mearings— we will not interfere with them, but we are resolved that they will not inter fere with us in the exercise of our own duties. (Hear, hear.) Is it fair or just that those gentlemen should take on themselves not only to perform their duties as grand jurymen but likewise to intrude themselves Into the sanctuary 1 A former eminent pope aaid to an emperor—' To you belongs the ?oalace. to us belongs the temple. We don't mean to cross the threshold oi the palace, . and we hope that you will not cross the threshold of the temple.' And what are those interfering gentry doing to this very hour 1 Have we the freedom of education that belongs to us 1 It was not said to em perors or kings or queens that they should teach— an office that exclusively belongs to ? the Catholic hierarchy. Yetthosepresumptu ous people have usurped this office, for they have advocated and supported anti-Catholic and anti-national education ; consequently they have attempted the ruin of the faith aud the morality of the flocks committed to our charge. Our opposition is a protest Against the strong. The protest may be be coming more feeble every day, but so just that the greatest bigot could not offer him self as a representative m Parliament with out repeating like r parrot that he was for freedom of education and religious equality. But why? Because the justice of the de mand is so deeply imprinted on the minds of the people, that it cannot be effaced. Yet, while it is but a parrot cry, while cry ing out, for denominational education, these gentry erect mixed schools, and utterly re gardless of the Pope's injunctions, to have such schools vested in the bishops and clergy those gentlemen insist upon the schools being vested in themselves, or transferred to that anti-Catholic association, the National or rather the anti-National Board. As long as elections last, so long as the privilege of addressing a meeting exists— as long as our. people are exposed to the temptation of voting against their conscience, by the coer cion of landlords— so- long shall I consider it my duty to address the people, and throw over them, as far as it is in my power the' protecting shield of the church. (Great ^ap plause.) Having so long trespassed on your time, I shall now conclude by bespeaking your attention to the important resolutions which will be submitted to your considera tion by the respected dignitaries of Tuam, Killala, and Achonry. [His Grace resumed his seat amidst a storm of enthusiastic, ap plause.] 