THE PRUSSIAN CONSULATE. Yours, A.P. Yours, John Bull. Yours, VON BELOWS. SIR: In a letter, signed "A Prussian," in your paper of Saturday, the writer shows entire ignorance of the duties of a Consulate, and I suspect a wish to bring the Prussians into con- tempt. It is well known that the Austrian and Prussian Consulates are bound to assist the sub jects of either power, and also that nothing is more common than for travellers to have their letters sent to the office of the Consul in the various places they visit. I saw nothing more than this in the advertisement referred to, it was simply a request that the accounts might be addressed to the Consulate. I have no con nection whatever with the Consul here, hut I object to Prussians ridicule on an office casting of their own Government. SlB: On perusing your edition of Saturday my attention was very forcibly arrested by a letter emanating from a terribly sarcastic Ger man—l beg pardon, I should say " Prussian " — in which he makes a most crushing onslaught on a gentleman who fills the onerous position of Consul to his enlightened countrymen. Now, how the aforesaid Consul can manage to survive such biting sarcasm it is hard to im agine, but harder still perhaps is it for an Eng lishman to understand the motive that must have actuated this irate gentleman in penning such an epistle. Is it that he has a passion for rushing into print, or does he think that the in-, terests of united Germany demand such a* sacrifice of his valuable time—not to speak of pens, ink, paper, &c;—or, stranger still, can the writer be the veritable retailer of groceries and butcher's meat mentioned, smarting under the injuries received by a taxation of his account ? Alas, we know not, but sadly fear that this latter construction is a true solution of the mystery. Apart from all this, however, supposing the letter of" A Prussian'" to emanate from a gen tleman, it savors much of bad taste and scant courtesy. It is customary in civilised communities— more especially on the Continent—to offer all possible hospitality and convenience to a foreigner and a stranger when travelling, and it is a matter of regret that a Prussian should have been so long absent from his country as to forget the grand old customs of his forefathers. Sib: Apropos of a letter in your issue of this day, signed " A Prussian," permit me to say a i word. The Prussian Consul is bound to show every reasonable attention to any native of the Great North German Confederation, and I think may very well extend his courtesy to all Germans. There is, therefore, no objection that I can see to his doing kind offices for Count Yon Attems, whose illustrious presence in this colony , lam happy to assist in publishing; but when those services are of a merely business character, | and concerning money matters only, all public announcements relating thereto would look better if in the name of a mercantile firm, espe cially if the Consul happen to belong to one, j and not in the name of the Consulate. : Though I f try to express myself moderately ; on this subject, an intimate friend of theHo'ien j Zollern family for many years, I feel strongly I about it. Ldo not like even to contemplate the ■ possibility W the dignity of the Prussian Con sulate bein/nMxed up with Count yon Attem's tailoring o? billlfor rope yarn for the Hamlet's I I Ghost. ' I ■ Another reason why I object and must protest | against this^ort of thing is that it may lead to worse. It would not surprise me if some day the fashion was introduced of the Consuls of aU nations coming do*n to their shops or stores in official costume, and whilst not adding to the dignity of the states they represent, throwing ordinary merchants who are consuls for nowhere completely into the shade. 