CHRI3TCHURCH SCHOOLROOM. On Saturday afternoon, September 26, the fsundation-stone of a schoolroom in connection with Chriatchurch was laid by Mrs. Hamley at North Adelaide, in the uieseuce of a large number rf ladies and gentlemen. The site of the proposed new schoolroom is on a plot of land in Jeffcott street, immediately opposite the church. . The building itself will be of a neat design ; its dimen sions 60 x 30 feet in the interior, and 25 high. It ia to be constructed of rubble-stone, with brick dressings; the principal entrance, which will be from J effcott-street, will have a porch and verandah, with a three-light window above, and at the south east angle there will be a wooden bell-cote spire. The contractor, Mr. G. Bralley, has taken the work at about i.930, and expects to have it com pleted in three mouths. The following financial statement was issued by the Building Committee :— Tender for new building, as accepted (including gas and water and usual Architect's commission) ? JELOIo1 0 0 Paid for land ? ... ... 182 5 8 Estimated cost of forms, &c; ? 50 0 0 £1,223 5 8 Proceeds of bazaar held in 1866 ... £637 11 4 Subscriptions ... ? 8 19 6 Estimated pioceeds from sale of pre sent schoolroom... ... ? 90 0 0 Deficiency ? 491 14 10 £1,228 5 8 'The Committee hope to meet Uus deficiency by collections made at tne laying of the foundation stone and at the opening of the school; by a bazaar, proposed to be held in the early part of next year; and by subscriptions, which will be thankfully received.' The place was gaily decorated with flags for the occasion, and His Lordship the Bishop, accom panied by His Excellency the Acting Governor and Mrs. Hamley, and a number of ladies, entered the enclosure at the time appointed. There were also present the Ven. Archdeacon Marryat, the Dean, Rev. Canon Farr, and the Revs. D. J. H. Ibbetson, W. B. Andrews G. Dove. S. Green, E. A. Jenkins, T. R. Neville. J. Pollitt H. M. Pollitt and F. Garrett. The children of the Sunday Bchool marched to the SDot in nrocession with meir uiuiaers, ana alter tne ceremony was over escorted His Lordship and Mrs. Short back to Bishop's Court The service was commenced by singing the IWth Hymn. The 122nd PBalm was then chanted, and prayer was offered by the Arch deacon. The 127th Psalm having been chanted, Mrs. Hamlet came forward, and was presented by one of the architects (Mr. Hamilton) with an elegant silver trowel bearing a suitable inscription. The customary formulas were then observed, and the stone lowered into its place, Mrs. Hamley declaring it to be well and truly laid, using the words, 'In the faith of Jesus Christ we place this foundation-stone, in the name of the Father, the Son, and the Holy Ghost' A bottle was placed beneath the stone contain ing the usual articles and the following document :— T-The foundation-stone of Christchurch School was laid in the name of the Father, and of the Son, and of the Holy Ghost, on Saturday, the 2tith day of September, a.d. 1S-5S, by Mrs. Hamley, wife of His Excellency the Acting Governor, in the 32nd year of the reign of Queen Victoria, in the 22nd of the Episcopate of Augustus, Lord Bishop of Adelaide, and in the 32ud of the foundation of the colony; Colonel Hamley, 5Uth Regiment (Queen's Own) beiuft Acting Governor of this province; Charles Marryat, M.A., Archdeacon of Adelaide, being Incumbent of Christchurch; J. Winnall, J. S. Bellhouse, Wardens- T. \V. Mitchell, F. Wick steed, H. Uawler, F. J. Sanderson. Synodsmen ; the Lord Bishop, M. MacDermott H. Gawler. W. Bartley. F. J. Sanderson. Trustees. Of this school Archdeacon Marryat, Messrs. F. J. Sanderson, J. Winnall, J. S. Bellhouse were the Building Com mittee; Messrs. Wright, Woods, & Hamilton, architects; G. Bradley, builder. God bless the Church. God save the Queen.' Prayer was then offered by His Lordship. While the 229th Hymn was being sung a collec tion was made on behalf of the building fund, realizing about £34. Prayer was again offered by the Archdeacon, and the 222nd Hymn—' Eternal Father, strong to save'— having been sung, TfiA llTRUftP rpmnflrod fhfif. ho hitil dnnntp railKP 'or thankfulness on that occasion, because of the irrival of those dearest to him, and their de iverance from, 'peril on the sea,' and also because of the auspicious circumstances under ivhich they were assembled to lay the foundation itone of a school which might be the means of nstructiug future generations of young Aus ralians in those principles which alone could ?ecure them the ' promise of the life that now is, is well as of that which is to come.' Godliness firos the foundation of happiness, and without this ;here was no goodness. He did not believe in the power of intellect without goodness to impart happiness or worldly success. He then alluded to the words of the 122nd Psalm, which prayed for the 'peace of Jerusalem and plenteousness within her palaces.' What was this world without peace within and peace without and how could they expect any plenteousness sf blessings upon their efforts, temporal or spiritual, unless 'the peace of God' rated in their hearts. He trusted such would be the blessed result of that day's work in founding the school. 'He whose voice the waters heard' and were stilled into peace could impart that same peace fulness to the troubled spirits of men, and he trusted that God who had protected his wife and daughter on the ocean waves would give 'the peace which posseth understanding1' to all those assembled there. He hoped, too, that plenteous ness of grace and blessing would attend the labours of love within those walls, and that plenteousness of earthly blessingB would follow on the abundance of God's grace shed abroad there. He did not believe in prosperity founded on anything but the fear and love of God, and he trusted that the children there instructed in divine wisdom would prosper even ' as their souls prospered' under the ministry of him who, under the providence of God, hod been placed over the spiritual charge of this parochial district His Lordship then pronounced the benediction, and the assemblage dispersed after three cheers for Mrs. Hamley. 