EXTRAORDINARY SURGICAL OPERATIONS. (From the Bathurst Free Press, Jane 20.) "Mimicry and other Protective Resemblances among Animals" in the Westminster Review. ON Wednesday evening, Dr. Carr, in addition to the usual illustrations of mesmeric phenomena, performed two surgical operations which excited the wonder, and drew down the most enthusiastic applause of the " House." At the commencement of the evening's proceed ings, the doctor stepped forward and invited the meeting to choose their own chairman. Mr. T. J. Hawkins, of Walmer, being named, took his seat. The Doctor then stepped forward, and said he was now prepared to extract teeth or to perform surgical operations, without pain to the patients; if any persons present needed his assistance in these ways, and were willing to submit themselves to mesmeric influence, he should be glad if they would come upon the stage. A boy presented himself for the extrac tion of a tooth; also an elderly man with a can cer on his under lip. With very little trouble, and seemingly without effort, the boy-subject was soon inducted and the tooth drawn, without the slightest uneasy motion on his part, and on being awoke walked to his seat. The doctor then came to the front of the stage, and fixing his eyes on a young man who had his arm in a sling, and who sat on a front seat in the pit, made a few " passes" forward, and the young man slowly rose from his seat and slowly approached the stage, which reached nearly breast high, where of course his progress was impeded. The Doc tor, however, commandingly, though in silence, beckoned him to mount the stage, when he at once placed his left hand on the boards and raised himself slowly up, his one hand (the left hand) acting as a lever, and in a few moments he stood close to the Doctor. After making a few passes around the head and face of the patient, the Doctor placed him in a chair, and taking the bandages off the right hand (from which Dr. Carr had the previous evening am putated a contracted finger), proceeded to take off another finger from the same hand. The operation was Boon performed, the hand dressed and placed in a sling, when the Doctor at once awoke him. The young man then expressed his thanks to the Doctor, and stated to the audience that he felt no pain during the operation, nor even whilst he was now speak ing. He said that he felt no pain the eveniDg before until about four hours after the operation of taking off bis other finger had been per formed. He also further said that it had been reported in the town during the day that he was dead; but he would like to see the man who had spread the report come forward and prove his words. (Laughter and applause.) We should have stated that during the time the doc tors (for there were two, Dr. Grant of Mudgee, assisting to dress the hand) the pianist struck up the " Nervous Cure," and the patient began to beat time with one foot, and being raised from the chair, proceeded in real earnest to " step it" to the great amusement of the audi ence. The Dr. then stopped the movement and woke the young man ; when, looking round, he thanked the Dr., as we have stated above, and leaping from the stage took his seat in the pit. Dr. Carr then turned to the old man who sat in one corner of the stage, and who was soon " fast enough," he brought him to the front of the stage and placed him in a chair, and the cancer was carefully excised. The blood flowed very freely, and Dr. Grant assisted to tie up the arteries. The old man did not move limb or muscle, except once, when he slowly put his hand in the bosom of his waistcoat and took out a handkerchief, as if to wipe away the blood. On being woke up, which was done in stantaneously, he said he was quite comfortable and hadn't felt no pain." He said he would tell the truth, and bidding "long life to your honor" he retired. The chairman here said there would be an intermission of a quarter of an hour. On resuming, the Dr. brought several persons out of the audience by mesmeric passes, and the usual phenomena were exhibited. A death scene was enacted, and a funeral group formed of several young men and an inter esting looking girl all under mesmeric influence. They prayed, they sorrowed, they bent over the supposed dead relative, they placed flowers (small bits of paper which the Dr. let fall near them) upon the body, they covered the face of the corpse, they threw flowers into the grave; and were all in seem ingly deep distress, until the Mesmerist sud denly called out, " A Ghost," when three .of the number sprang to their feet and ran into corners in great terror. They were, however, released from their sleep, and became themselves again. Dr. Carr then explained: if we knew all the laws of nature the seeming mystery of animal magnetism would at once cease. He had never seen the young men who had been before the audience in private, but even if he had it would have been impossible to produce the effects (which had now been witnessed) by collusion. The surgical operations which had been per formed in the presence of the audience, were completed without even a quiver of the eyelid. He considered that nature was one vast univer sal mystery, and we knew comparatively little respecting attraction, repulsion, gravitation, mesmerism, or any other of the great laws of the mental and physical sympathies existing. He thanked them for the expression they had given. The National Anthem was then played by Mr. Tiffin and the audience retired. Ottk telegraphic authorities might take a hint from a novelty lately imported into the postal and telegraphic system of New Zealand. Of course, the great probability is, that no each exhibition of energy and intelligence will be made here, but no harm can be done by our drawing attention to what seems a very decided improvement, and more particularly suited to our circumstances. The New Zealand Adver tiser says of it:—" We are glad to notice that a system recently established by the Government in connection with the telegraph department, whereby, in effect, nearly 200 telegraph stations are added to the list of those already known as such, may be said to be a most decided success. For those of our readers who are not acquainted with this extension or' telegraphic facilities, we will briefly narrate its prominent features as follows: —In those country districts where the electric wire has not as yet been carried, or where it has been considered unnecessary to establish stations, the Post masters have been supplied with telegram forms, on which a person wishing to forward a telegram writes his message. He then en closes it in an envelope, and addresses it to the nearest telegraph station. The Postmaster has then to see to its transmission as a letter to that station. On its arrival there, the officer in charge of the station opens it, and transmits it by wire in the ordinary way to its address. The number of Post Offices thus supplied is, we believe, about 200, distributed o/er the pro vinces of Hawkes Bay, "Wellington, Nelson, Marlborough, Canterbury, Otago, and South* land. It can be readily seen the great advan tage to the public this system must be, bringing, as it does, thousands within reach of the tele graph where, otherwise, they would be com pelled to depend upon the not always too rapid postal carriers in up-country districts. A. man now resident in Wanganui, wanting to commu nicate with Dunedin, can post his telegram to Wellington, from whence it. can be forwarded by wire to Dunedin, reaching there within a few hours of its leaving Wanganui; while without this system he would have had to depend on the Post Office, and to wait a fortnight." Singular Facts ik Humah Life.—The average length of a life is about 28 years. One quarter die previous to the age of 7, one half before 17. Only 6 of every 100 reach the age of 65, and not more than 1 in 500 lives 80 years. Of the whole population on the globe it is estimated that 90,000 die every day, about 8700 every hour, and 60 every minute, or 1 every second. These losses are more than counter balanced by the number of births. The married arc longer lived than the single. The average duration of life in all civilised countries is greater now than in any anterior period. Macaulay, the distinguished historian, states that in the year 1685—not an unhealthy year—the deaths in England were as Ito 20; but in 1850, 1 to 40\. Dupin, a well-known French writer, states that the average duration of life in France, from 1776 to 1846, increased 52 days annually. The rate of mortality in 1781 was one in 29 ; but in 1850, lin 40. The rich live on an average 42 yean, the poor only 30 yean. Feats in Tseegbaphy.—The recent per formances of the electric telegraph are interest ing and seem to mark the progress which has been made in the art of electrical communica tion. Our readers remember that four weeks Bince, we noticed the banquet given by Mr. Cyrus W. Field, to celebrate the fourteenth anniversary of the day oS which the New York Newfoundland and-Londoa Telegraph Company was formed. We then referred to the circum stance that during the evening telegrams were sent from the room to various parts of the American Continent, replies being received with wonderful rapidity. We now give the interest ing details of these operations. The messages were delivered at their respective addresses, and the replies to them were received back in the room in the following periods :—From the Pre sident at Washington, 2 hours 10 minutes; from Mr. Seward at Washington, 2 hours 25 minu tes; from several persons in and near New York, average, 1 hour 45 minutes; from the Governor of Cuba, who apologised for the delay caused by his residing at a distance from Havannah, 2 hours 24 minutes; from the Go vernor of Newfoundland, at St. John's, 38 minutes, and from Heart's Content, Newfound land, 6 minutes. These performances, however, are thrown into the shade by an ordinary mes sage sent from London to San Francisco, on February Ist last, and which is thus recorded by Mr. Latimer Clark. The wires in America were joined up for experiment, from Heart's Content to California, and the message was sent fromValentia at 21 minutes past 7 in the morn ing ; the acknowledgment of its receipt was received back in Yalentia at 25 minutes past 7, the whole operation having only occupied two minutes, the distance travelled was about 14,000 miles, and the message arrived, according to San Francisco time, at 20 minutes past 11 on the evening of January 31, «r the day preceding that on which it left England. It is well, adds Mr. Clark, to enjoy these surprises while we can, for they will soon cease to surprise. The truth is telegraphy has outlived the troubles and mis fortunes of its infancy, and is rapidly taking its place among the most perfectly understood of the arts. As it is a very remunerative one, we shall soon learn to regard an instantaneous means of communication with the whole globe, as a matter of mere ordinary necessity," " The bill for the purchase of the telegraphs was read and passed a first time on Wednesday last. In in troducing it, the Chancellor of the Exchequer made mention of the fact, that in 1866 in Bel guim, one telagram was sent for every 37 letters, whilst in England the proportion was as high as one in 121 letters." — London Mechanics Magazine. The Electric Organ.—Mr. Barker, organ builder, of Paris (inventor of the pneumatic lever), has just patented, in England and France, a system for applying electricity to supersede the ordinary moving drawstop and key-action in large organs. The patentee has already built an electric organ of forty-two sounding stops, and eight couplers, for the church of St. Agustin, Paris; also another for Salon, near Marseilles; both are spoken of as successful. As the largest organs may now be played through a cable of insulated wires, positions hitherto impracticable can be turned to a good account. The organist, with his various claviers, can be placed in any direction and at any distance away from the organ, the touch being equally delicate and rapid on every manual, whether used separately or coupled. Messrs. Bryceson, Brothers, and Co., have the conces sion for working this patent in Great Britain.— Builder. Ages of British Statesmen.— Lord Brougham, 89; Earl of Derby, 69; Earl Bus sell, 75 ; the Bight Hon. B. Disraeli, 62; Lord Cairns, 49; the Bight Hon. W. E. Gladstone, 58; Lord Stanley, 42; the Bight Hon. E. Card well, 57; Earl of Malmesbury, 60; the Bight Hon. Sir John Pakiogto'n, 60; Earl Granville, 53; the Bight Hon. Gathorne Hardy, 53; Sir Stafford Northcote, 50) Earl of Clarendon, 68; Duke of Marlbflrough, 46; Lord John Man ners, 50; Duke of Argyle, 45; the Bight Hon. Ward Hunt, 52; Duke of Bichmond, 50; Sir George Grey, 69; the Bight Hon. H. T. L. Carry, 65; Lord Halifax, 67; Earl of Mayo, 46; Mr. Bright, 57 ; the Bight Hon. B. Lowe, 56 ; Earl of Kimberly, 42 ; Viscount Cranborne, 38; Earl of Carnarvon, 37; Marquis of Aber corn, 56. The Singularity in the Calendar.—lt has been remarked that in 1868 there are five Satur days in February. By a rough guess, as it would seem, it has been added that this has not taken place for a score of years. Exactly 28 yea* s, amounting tp a solar cycle, have elapsed since the same thing occurred. During that period, each day of the week has enjoyed the honor of appearing five times in February in its own leap-year. The calendar of the present century contains 24 leap-years, which may be arranged in seven classes ; —February has five Sundays in 1824,1852, 1880; five Mondays in 1808, 1836, 1864, 1892; five Tuesdays in 1820, 1848, 1876; five Wednesdays in 1804, 1832, 1860, 1888; five Thursdays in 1816, 1844, 1872; five Fridays in 1828, 1856, 1884; and five Saturdays in 1812, 1840, 1868, 1896. Protective Resemblances among Animals. —The adaptation of the external coloring of animals to their conditions of life has long been recognised, and has been imputed either to an originally created specific peculiarity or to the direct action of climate, soil, or food. Where the former explanation has been accepted, it has completely checked inquiry, since we could never get any further than the fact of the adap tation. There was nothing more to be known about the matter. The second explanation was soon found to be quite inadequate to deal with all the varied phases of the phenomena, and to be contradicted by many well-known facts. For example, wild rabbits are always of grey or brown tints well suited for concealment among grass and fern. But when these rabbits are domesticated, without any change of climate or food, they vary into white or black, and these varieties may be multiplied to any extent, form ing white or black races. Exactly the same thing baa occured with pigeons ; and in the case of rats and mice, the white variety has not been shown to be at all dependant on alteration of climate, food, or other external conditions. In many cases the wings of an insect not only as sume the exact tint of the bark or leaf it is accustomed to rest on, but the form and veining of the leaf, or the exact rugosity of the bark is imitated; and these detailed modifications cannot be reasonably imputed to climate or food, since in many cases the species does not feed on the substance which it resembles, and when it does no reasonable connexion can be shown to exist between the supposed cause and the effect produced. Concealment, more ar lesß complete, is useful to many animals, and abso lutely essential to some. Those which have numerous enemies from which they cannot escape by rapidity of motion, find safety in concealment. Those which prey upon others must also be so constituted as not to alarm them by their presence or their approach, or they will soon die of hunger. Now it is remarkable in how many cases nature gives this boon to the animal, by coloring it with such tints as may best serve to enable it to escape from its enemies or to entrap its prey. Desert animals as a rule, are desert-colored. The lion is a typical example of this, and must be almost invisible when crouched among the sand or among desert rocks and stones. Antelopes are all, more or less, sandy-colored. The camel is pre-eminently so. The Egyptian cat and the Pampas cat are sandy or earth-colored. The Australian kangaroos are of the same tints, and the original color of the wild horse is supposed to have been a sandy or clay-color. The desert birds are still more remarkably protected by their asßimulati»ehueß. Almost equally striking are the cases of arctic animals possessing the white color that best conceals them upon snowfields and icebergs. The polar bear is the only bear that is white, and it lives constantly among snow and ice. The arctic fox, the ermine, and the Alpine hare change to white in winter only, because in summer white would be more conspicuous than any other color, and, therefore, a danger rather than a protection; but the American polar hare, inhabiting regions of almost perpetual snow, is white all the year round. Other animals inhab iting the same northern regions do not, however, change color. The sable 13 a good example, for throughout the severity of a Siberian winter it retains its rich brown fur. But its habits are Buch that it does not need the protection of color, for it is said to be able to subsist on fruits and berries in winter, and to be so active upon the trees as tp catch small birds among the branches. 