No aspirant to a seat in Parliament has yet addressed the electors who has not professed a conviction of the necessity of a Bpeedy change in our land legisla tion. ? 'What that change is to be, after looking at the views of the candidates, we are at present as much in the dark about as if we had not read a single -speech on the subject. Thirty-six or more legislators have declared at least~18 agrarian schemes. It may /perhaps be argued that the time, attention, and study these people have devoted to .the elaboration of so many schemes is very creditable to them,. as testifying to the amount of -interest they take in our common country, On the contrary, others will draw a directly opposite- con clusion, and say that in euch a diversity of talk wisdom is wanting. Instead of the utterance of so many policies being considered an evidence of research, it will be set down to be a sign of hopeless ignorance. All these land laws cannot be good ones. Notably some of .these precious plans have been attended with very baneful consequences in -other countries, .and it is but reasonable to suppose i;hat a similar result would fol low from their adoption in this. There fore we take -it the very diversity of expressions candidates have 'made use of is but a sign of common incapacity in 4;he bulk of them to deal with the subject. Either they are incapable of grasping in their minds any well-founded idea of what is wanted, or they are too indiffe rent -to take the trouble to try and find out. And foremost ftmongst these intel__ lectual bunglers or idlers, one or both, stand the four members of our Ministry who have just been returned. As. far as they have had a policy it' has been a com pound of every exploded ; fallacy which has been in use in .other countries, with an occasional tinpot nostrum of their own thrown 'in as a sort of a make weight. Not ~that it is necessary for the ministry to have -a policy in this matter J f£ it was not for a moribund Parliament to deal -with it last year, twe do sot -see svhty z& moribund Mnustiy should trouble themselves about it this. What Is the method the Ayers Cabinet intends %o settle. the ^Northern Territory question by, or the land -question, is equally a matter of very little moment. 'Whether .the land should be alienated by a system of tender, ' or something of that sort,' as Mr. Sanio innocently puts it,- or by Dateh auction, accord ing to Mr. Glyde, is not of any consequence. It is only worthy -of note that the nttecances of the Ministers have been exactly' on a par, as I far as regards statesman-like jability, wi£h 1 the rank-and*fi!e men who hope to gather | on North-terrace. It might have been anticipated that those on whom it might reasonably be expected would devolve the task of Naming anewland Bill, taking part] in the discussions which must arise, would have deyoted'Bome little attention to the ' working of the differient Acts *which either . axe or have been '.in operation in other young countries. It is easy foe anyonO to know what portion of the ; Victonan .Xiuid \A.ct. hiui ^a®ceede|L pi cwiying but the indent of a really llbtoa. iacnd'^wise BUI, and what miserable failure. The smae x-emark~ap- plies exactly to the colonies of New South Wales, Queensland, and -also to the United States... But . the experience? of these placeB has not even been enquired into by sine-tenths of thosd Solons who have been propagating laaiii laws in Sbuth Australia. .Occupation, and; cultivation clauses have notoriously failed elsewhere on account of their being easily, evaded . by those %ho have an inclination to do * ao, and -because they have ever beeniound to press with undue hardship on those honest cultivators, who, without any wish' to evade thb law;, have suffered, -as ' aft farmers -do occasionally^ fboxk Wtd. . partial failure of their -expectations. Deferred payment^ itr is vrel^ mean no payments at all eventually, as a pressure may be.pttt npon ^ Government which shall compel the jretnission of both' principal and interest/ These facta -anil others of a eipailar eharacter might easily, be verified if any member of ^Parliament would honestly endeavor to do so, but in how few' instances has this been done? Wo are perfectly aware that some far mers recommend these veiy nostrums, and we are compelled to admit that w© look shyly at -the advice they -tender to us. We know that Ithere. a,re agricul turists who are as conscious of what is really meant by deferred payments as we can be ourselves. Having been publicly fleeced bey State means for these last several years, they think -it is time there was a turn-about j and really wjb cannot be so much surprised at this. \- It is worth while ,to review $, or a moment one or two novel suggestions for settling the people on Ihe lahd ^which have found favor in the eyes of -some persons. Dutch auction has been pro posed, although it is difficult to .say why. No one has yet advanced a single reason in its feyor, nor has anyone ever at tempted to show in what sefy it would be likely to remedy the .evils at present complained o£ To ihe system of selling by tender the -radical objection is that it is in reality a covert auction. As in the auction system, 'the highest bidder uTto be the purchaser, and if any dispute arisej' &c.;, Ac., so -with the «ale by tender. It is only aninnderhand method of doing what- before has been done publicly; and even if this .objection had no weight, there is another one which would be fatal to its adoption. 'Those enlightened electors under universal suffrage whose only qualification it is that they are old enough 'to ' conform to the requirements of the law, send into Parliament such ^admirable representa tives that nine-tenths of them are not to be trusted to administer such a scheme. We take it that if land was sold by ten der, every Cabinet Minister would make has fortune in 12 months. And if it i& replied to this that a Board of thre8, or some institution of that -sort, might be chosen to receive and open the tenders, we object to the Parliament or the Cabinet nominating -^Commissioners to any such office, as it would be placing altogether too much power in enfit hands. We have .in our mind's -eye more -than one member of Parliament who -would just *love *to be placed on such a Commission — who would never want money again in the course of his life if so favored. If our old land sharks were thus done away with, we should only bo creating fresh ones more ravenous. It is exceedingly doubtful whether this would, 'be an improvement upon the scheme of deferred payments, occupation clauses, and free e ejection, wb notice the land sharks through one of their hpdy so strongly recommend.. It would be. difficult to nnderstand why lie 1 farmers should fall so .readily into % scheme pat forward . by a shark, bnt fo^ the surmise to which we before alluded| that they are now finessing, intending to play another card if such an Act ever became law. . In the whole' of the numerous Land « Bills which have been promulgated there is one great fault noticeable. Not one has attempted to deal with what is a most important constituent in the old*'Bill|i and will necessarily also be in the one now looming* in the future. - Kot on4 land reformer has attempted to set 'forth a juster, , better, and laorir eqfiid^ble method of dealing with the funds derived from the sale of waste lands. The prin ciple of the Act now in force is that a large proportion of the proceeds should be devoted to the purchase's Ibcaaiefitl One moiety goes to the payment rational de^, another is set tudd* to import cheap labdr, and another i be expended on roads for the ttoOl snd' benefit of the farmer who has bongW$hi) ! land. r It never was pretended that the upset price of the land ought to be 20s ? per acre, but for the correlative advan tages ^rpffered. Collaterally the farmer ? ' BB^urned to him. - When .we look how thece covenants, which the State made' wiih the farmer, have been carried out, we perceive that most shameful evasion has been practised. There cannot be a doubtthat in equity, if 10,000 Acres of land 'are sold in the district of Tifw^la Wirra or Munno Para, the farmers in thai; district have a right to demand th^it a major proportion of the sum' set apart liar xoadmaking out of the proceeds of that sale.shoUld' be spent in the district. What advantage can' it bo to a land-buyer in the Jforth that a. capital, road is being made in,the South-East. ? . ? But then this part-of the business has -been handed over to a Board, and we all know what J&oards; are. ' Boards,' said BOntham, we screens,'— screen's behind wh^sh individuals can - shelter themselves by throwing .all blame on- the Boards. Tn_ deedt we should very much like to know tiRon .what principle the money is now 1 apportioned to the' various districts for road construetion. We have heard it said that some roads around .this town ship would never have been made only it was found convenient to pave them'with beef-bones. But 'the way this part of the contract has been broken with the farmer is not so bad as the transactions with regard to another of the State cove nants. ' The famous nest-egg of the Treasurer was intended originally to bring out labor principally for the agri culturist. For an advantage to. accrue ! to him ultimately Tie had been made to : pay mpre than it was^ admitted his land : was worth. And how did he receive this | promised.advantage? The nest-egg was wanted, and it was absorbed in the j general revenue. The manner in which the first , covenant with the farmers has been broken is a shameless breach of faith, but -the -last- part of the business has been neither more or less than open robbery. It was a direct fraud to appro priate money covenanted to be used in the way this was. And the attendant circumstances by .no' means tend to ex tenuate the .guilt of the transaction. This year the 'farmers have suffered in. . this dis&'ict to a ruinous degree, if in private life an unconditional bargain had Ijeen struck between two parties, and the purchaser had been almost ruined by the transaction, there are few sellers but would have made some little recompense it© the unfortunate buyer. But as the Government and Parliament did not o^en do ' justice, they -could hardly be expected to practice mercy. The money tjhat in -reality belonged to the farmers in ?jjevcrsion, was taken m another direction, «nd their importunate prayer for seed vlheat tb help them in- their- necessities v^as mocked at. If this is to be the way the money is -to be employed which was intended to benefit the purchasers of land, they had better at once advocate a induction in the upset price. Good roads sw'e alaiofet a sine qua nan to the agricul turist,^ and the opening up of the fountry by railroads will be of the greatest use to him as affording means of transport for his produce; but if the 4ioney he pays is not so expended, no wonder at him snatching at wild and visionary schemes of deferred payments. He has been robbed in the auction-room, and he has sent into Parliament men ?who have further assisted to defraud him. The agriculturists are perfectly justified iu saying theirs has been a hard case. , ' In the experience of every country which has been land reforming it has been found that when large agricultural areas have been thrown open for free selection at a reasonable price per acre, this has afforded the most satisfactorv solution ofthe land problem. - A limita tion clause has been, introduced some times, as in Victoria, and haB been found to work very well—much better than occupation or cultivation stipulations. .Those who object to the limitation clause' ! do bo upon two grounds— that it is not j fair to make of the Land Commissioner a tribunal to try whether a land shark is acquiring abovehis share of lands; Mid also that such, a clause is an interference with the rights of capital. It would undoubtedly be impolitic to make the CommisBioner the Court of appeal. Our Local Courts of full . pr limited jurisdic tion would be much preferable, 'but when ] ; we speak of the .rights of capital we are ' t sometimes apt to get e little loose in our ideas. If by a right of capital is meant j the acquisition of 20,000'acros. of fertile land by one person, and then he, dog-in- j the-manger likt^ refiising to alloir .'this ! land to do, cultivated but .at rack-rent the Boonei1 s&ch; a right is . done | away with the better it will bo for th© j colony? Moreoi^r, ce(v&Ptly; it is well' biio wn weal^l^ 3o int^idimriiew Xand Bill to-leig^^^'li^unst '^lu^ xois-called right of property. We do not intend to offer facilities to acquire nntgnifit»«nfc estates ; although it is after all a question deserving of consideration whether a landfiid' gentry' -nofcji very Taluable c3ass in a community^ But what it is intended to ^o covertly that we maintain it would be wiser to do openly by a limi tation clause. And if these persons upon, whom falls the, task of introducing a new land system for South Australia will but read the -experience of other coun tries, there need be no difficulty in fram ing such an Act as shall be the himbu of Tendering this- colony more attractive to emigrants' agriculturally inclined tbag any other ^ ^in. Atfttrdia. ' * IusTrruTE BEAinarQS.— Inconsequence of a complimentary entertainment which it is arranged should take place on the 12th prox, the usual monthly ; readings will not take place on Tuesday, the 28th inst.,- as was intended. THANKsoivijrG Dat.-— Sunday, the 3rd prox., is proclaimed, in the Government Gazette to be a day ior special thanks- ] giving for- the preservation, of^ IC3JJEI. j the Duke 'of Edinburgh from faJling by ' |he hands pf the assassin, and: for .his speedy restoration to health and strength. Eostunate Escape. — On Tuesday1 evening, the 21st instant, as four gentle men from Gawler were returning home from Greenock they , met witb an acci dent on the new road about, two miles beyond Gawler, whereby the trap they were in was upset. ^Fortunately no injury was sustained by any of the party, and -we understand the accident is. at tributed to the very wet weather that has lately been experienced!7 ' IliLUSTBATED A»EL*kDB P©ST.' — We have received a copy of this journal for a . AnnaAnl* 'm/vnfK nnAi tffA vug vui x quv uxuu ku } -ouu vrv- cuav je contaips on .the title jgi^e an excelletnt. engraving of the new Independent Ghurch, Collins-street, .Melbourne, erec ted for the Kev. A. M. Henderson, Prin cipal of the Melbourne University, aad late of Claremont Chapel, Islington. ExcessivbChaeges. — Weare informed that in accordance with a request made by Mr. Kudall to the Stipendi ary . Magis trate, on the last Court day, an inquiry was mad,e as to whether the practice observed by the Bailiff of the Court in this town of charging for goods in an interpleader case as for a man in posses sion was also followed out at Adelaide. The Bailiff there has written to say that he does not do so, and considers that a Bailiff is liable to an action under a section of the Act relating to such cases for 60 charging. The JNIew Yictob ia Mill. — This fine building which has just been erected for! the firm of Messrs. Duffield & Co. will we believe be ready for operations to be commenced in *t in something less than a fortnight's time. On Thursday the fire was lighted for the first time 'under the boilers for the purpose of testing the 1 flues, and in a few moments a thin bine I line of. smoke could be seen issijing from the tall chimney-stack. We need hardly ' say that the occasion was celebrated by] the workmen present^ in the customary manner. When work is commenced at ] ? ? *'n it-— ? but? uiiii tuuro uucs xtuii etwiu }-u ut) ®ny probability of its being compelled to tie suspended for scarcity of material for some time to come, as' 'in and .around there is stored about 140,000 bushels of wheat, representing a money value of about £56,000. The building of the *mll has found employment for a good many wor kmen, some of whom, it is to be feared, will have some difficulty in meet ing with Other engagements during the winter, but as' the firm have determined to build offices and stores adjacent to the Union Mil), which' will be commenced as soon as the 'Victoria is finished, some of. their hands will continue to find employ ment there. - The Bank- of South Afstralia. — A number, of the customers and friends of the bank assembled together on Tuesday afternoon to celebrate the inauguration of the name it .has acquired under the new charter. J. McKinlay, Esq., the distinguished explorer, officiated as Chair man, with E. S. Burkitt, Esq., Manager of the Gawler . branch of tha Adelaide Bank as vis a tri*. 'The Prosperity of the Bank of South Australia ' was pro posed by Mr. Burkitt, coupling the toast with the name ,of 3. A. Buchan, Esq., the esteemed manager, who responded in happy terms. . Several other toasts fol-. lowed ; ' The Branch of the Bank bf Adelaide,' responded to by Mr. Burkitt ; ' The Branch of the National Bank,' responded to by Mr. Remmingten, manager; the toast of 'The Town and. Trade of Gawler,' coupled with the firm of Duffield & Co.; and responded to by John Mitchell, Esq. After the health of! the Chairman had been drank, the com pany dispensed, having, spent a very pleasant afternoon. The affair was of an impromptu nature, -©therwise large gathering would have assembled to dio justice to the occasion. .It took place at Muller's Commercial Hotel. The Yictobwit Lasb Sxsxem. — By the returns which have* just been pub lished respecting . the . last harvest in , Victoria -we - see that 220,754t acres of wheat were zeaped: the last year, and 203,588 the year previously. This shows that the much vaunted Victorian land system has only brought 12,000 addir tional acres. Jn cultivation during 1 the past year — not a veiy astonishing result it will be admitted! ' The yield of last year is over a million bashels iees thsn the .precodii^g. anes J the . average being 15 4 bushels as against 23*3 of the pre-: viousyear,- - ? k ? ' -1 ' - firewood will be received -at any of ' stations .on the line afifcer Monday, the 27th instant. - .t ^ Accxqesx. — An Mcident,' which it if feared will bo attended with -fatal ^conse quences, occurred on the I7th inst., to ih, man named Whslan, employed on the-; road which leads from Gawler to the '. Sheftoak Log. Mr. Mifehael O'Neil haa - a contract thine, and it seems that W helan was at work on the day in ques tion, about three-quarters of a mile from the Gawler Belt Hotel. Two German wagons were seen coming along road, and they were stopped fey Mr. O'Neill -A ;who told the dnvers tramc had been present, but j^ d^eur of the foremost - -wagon refused to - be stopped, and * whipping hia horses into a gallop, W helan was ' knocked down, one horse trampling upon his abdomen, and Iwth wheels of the wagon passing over Mm. The contractor, 'Mr. O'Neil, was also/ thrown down,' but not hurt^ *|n«l hift immediately made arrangements for the. conveyance of the unfortunate rpan 'tbk ? ? Gawler. ' Dr. ^ewis ivas in' immediate^ attendance, butafterlingeriiigforavreel&' m great agony, no h«$ieaare entertained,. of the unfortunate man's recovery, ? we understand his deposition was taken on En. day, 24^Ai -inst. The driver of the wagon was a Gfennan fafmpr nameE^ j Gloede, Hvii^ Gonfior^, . , . r - ; Afjpp«eNT oh thb B^WAX.-^-A.yerjt . 89rious accident occurred on the railway* near to Preefing on Eriday morning, the. ~2lth -inst, A man named Oeo^e Brx- wix was riding on a trolley with three of iis - fdlow-laborers on the side of the line, - ?down a xiecline, when he- unfertunatefy fell off; and the wheels parsed over one of his legs, almost cutting it off. 3-r. : Popham w^s at onee telegraphed to, and soon arrived on tike ^ot, but ho found the n^ure of theinjnry to be so serious, the bbnies being fractured aad protruf'-i ing through the skin, that he advised tha immediate removal of the man to the Hospital, winch accordingly took place. s Elbct ros News. — Considerable hut- j' prise was evoked on Monday : last by the t: notiication that Mr, G. M. Allen, well known in this township, had receirod an — invitation to become 3} -candidate for the repr^entataon of the Eiectopal liistrict ~ of Light, and the accuracy' of the = ment was openly, questioned. But on,- - Tuesday morning it became evident such w«s the c^se1 a requisition to. that effect, signed by 266. persons, waa published in one ©f the daily papers, to : j which a favoroble reply was appended There are now- therefore five candidateB in the - field,^ namely, Capt^ip - 5art, Messrs*. Lewis, Kruger, Barrow, and ? Alien.- We hopet the electors -will dia— chai^e tbeir d)ity aright in this impoB- ;/ tant matter, by ede^g $he two beet ' men. — Keqtund# l£erat£. \ ' I The Chick Pea— Br. Sohomhurg^^ has discovered amoo^ the seeds sent out to the colony by the PariB Exhibi tion Commissioners a packet of the ? ohiek pea seed, concerning which the following passage occurred in the Com- — missioners' report:— ' We noticed that --. in all hot dry countries great impor, tance was apparently attached to th© ' pois chiche,* or- chick jwa-^-an article - grown, we believe, for fqdder, and for the feeding and fattening of cattle. * We were informed bj one of the Coau missioners for the United States that in the Southern States a somewhat similar pea, kuown as the cow pea, had been introduced of late years, and that whether a9 fodder, as a fatting agent or as a green manure, it was invaluable.'* The Doctor intends taking the proper steps for giving the seeds a triaL— Hegieter. The Jesttit's Oath— The following has been sent to p -by a correspon dent: ? . r : I, A B., aw m the presence of Almighty God, the Blessed Virgin. Mary, the Michael the Archangel, the Blessed St John Baptist, the Holy Apostles St. Peter and S'f Paul, and the saints and sacred Oast of Heaven, and to y-jo, «gy ghost^ do declare froca my heart, without mental .reser vation, that Pope Gregory is Christ's Vicar General is the true and the only head of the Universal Church throughout the earth; and that by virtue of the keys of binding and loosing, given to His Holiness by Jesos Christ, he hath power to depose tgmgffoal kings, princes, states, cojiBioiimwlH»a innd governments, all bong illegal without; his sacred confirmation, and th$t they bum safely be destroyed; therefore, to the utmost of my power, I wifl defisnd this doctrine and hi* holiness's rights and customs against all usurpers of£he heretial or Pruitegfamfc aa^o; -whatsoever, espiaaaHy against ^ha noW protended aiitharityand Church in and all adherents, in regard that ^they 'tw nsorped and heretical, opposing 6-^%ered Mother of Rome. I do fentitoiee any aSegfkaoB to ||n « ^ ?? 1 do farther deface Ae dbctriM^tiie Cteiefci of ^En^land, of thc CatvamsterHagnenots. and other Protestants, to be damnable,- and ftow Co be damned who will not forsake tha I do further dedare flat T wili luip tmSat, and adtise all or any of his Klinee^T ace^ in any place- whereve* I shaa ber and^o or utmost to extirpate the Wetaafl Joctrine, and to destroy *11 their Mel«tdea power, legal or otherwise I promise and declare that. aotwithstrndind-'T am dispensed witIC to assam& any rdi^n heretical for th« prc^agatioa -of the ll^^ Canrchs interest, to k^p eeer^*aiti iHiv*4e all her agents1 coonseTs as ^ and not to divulge, *direct3y oi itri^e^y, by wend,. wntin& or cirAtiiistanee WSatsioaf^ but to execate all which given incharg«,-or discovered my ghostly father, car by any of this oemvent. AU which LA. B„ do^WS? Trinity and Blessed Saciamez^ % W»w to receive, tb^perfora/ahd on ny part to keep inviolably; an^ do call^ tiiehearenlv and glorioos Host of HeeVen to wifchfewmT realintentirais jtokeep this myortai. In. ieck timony httebf 2 lafo this most Hdy and °X Egfhmmgt, and w!bi«s atB Aau fdrttar vitb WkajZ aaalm tha fm of thii - 