PRESBYTERIAN CHURCH ASSEMBLY. Friday, 13th November. Morning Sedebbnt. Tho Moderator took the chair at eleven o'clock. KEVISEtl MINUTE. In reference to a previous objection by Mr Cooper, to a in inn to of the last meeting, stating that he and othor persons were of opi nion the minute was intended to convoy the impression thatjho had been suspended, a com mittee appointed by tho Assembly brought up an amended minute explaining that the motion to which the minute referred was not intended to take tho ?2?et which had been spoken of, Mr Cooper's disavowal of any intention to use a threat to tho Geelong Presbytery having been accepted as satisfactory. BULES ANJ) FORMS OP PROCBDUBE, The Assembly proceeded with the considera tion of the rules and forms of procodure of tbo Church, and a lonsthy discussion took place on a motion by Mr Nisn, in reference to tho salaries of ministers. The motion was ' Before a congregation apply for n modera tion with tho view to tho call of a minister, they aj?ree what provision they are able to moke for Ma support. In making tho ap plication the amount of the provision under taken by them is reported to the Presbytery. They are expected to give a stipend of not less than £300, with a freehonse.' An amendment on tho above was moved by Mr Main, to the effect that congregation were required to give a stipend of not less than £300 per annum with a free house, and that moderations would not bo granted when congregations failed to oifer the stipend named. Tho object of the motion was that congregations who were not able to raise the required sum of £300 might not bo precluded from obtaining tho services of a minister, bat it was intended at the name timo to convey to congregations that the Assombly were of opinion the lowest stipend adeqnato for a minister was £300, with a free house. The supporters of the amendment argued that no minister ought to be granted unless the £300 and tho free house wero pro vided for him. On the motion and amendment being put, there wore 30 for the former and 29 for the latter. The motion was then deolared car ried. A discussion took place on the subject of overtures, which resnltsd in the forms of pro cedure with respect to thorn being left in the same stato as formerly. The Assembly adjourned at three o'clock. Evening SEnEKCNT. THE SABBATH SCHOOL REPORT. Mr J. W. Inolis brought up the following report of the committee which had been ap pointed by the Assembly to consider tho report and suggestions whioh were made when the Sabbath schools committee's report was under discussion: — 'The General Assembly having considered the report on Sabbath schools, ap proves of the same, instructs the Sabbath schools committee to reviso the queries sent to the different congregations, and enjoinn the ministers of the Church to seo that roplies.are sent to the queries thus amended through the corresponding member of their presbyteries ; and commends Sabbath schools to the earnest attention of tho ministers or members of tho various congregations of tho Church.' OVEIVTUnES. The following overture, by Dr. Cairns, rela tive to candidates for the Ministry, waa agreed to: — ' Whereas it is essential, both to the character and the usefulness of the Church, that candidates for theological training, with a view to the holy ministry, should bo con verted from sin, positively called to this ser vico, moved by tho Holy Ghost, and qualified by grace to engage in the Lord. The Venera ble tho General Assembly iB heroby overtured to devise n method, in addition to the prosonfc system, of ascertaining so far as possible whether candidates for admission to the theological classes bo really renewed in tho spirit of their mind, born again, now crea tures, and are truly following the call of God in offering themselves to be ministers of the Gospel.' Mr A. J. Campbell and Mr Meek were added to the board ef examiners of can didates, specially with a view to the carrying out of the above overture. MINISTERIAL DEPORTMENT. Dr. Cairns also bronsrht forward the fol lowing overture: — 'Whereas ministers of the Gospel aro especially required to bo living epistles of Christ, known and read of all men, walking worthy of tho Lord unto all pleiusing ; and whereas several cases of discipline — some of them of a very painful naturo— havo recently occurred, to the groat scandal of the Church, oastiug reproach upon the name of Christ, nnd giving the enemy occasion to blasphemo : The General Assembly is overtured to take thia snbject into consi deration, and in some suitable manner to ex hort and warn all ministers and preachers to watch unto prayer, lest they fall into tempta tion ; to avoid every appearance of evil ; to havo no fellowship with tho unfruitful works of darkness; to keep themselves unspotted from the world ; so to live in the sight of all men a,a to adorn the doctrine of God our Sa viour, and by a consistent life recommend the Gospel which they preaah.' He said that the overture waa suggested to him by affairs that had happened in their own Church, but since then other matters had arisen elsewhere, with which they were all too well acquainted. Those matters had caused the finger of reproach to be pointed at ministers, and the iuiluence of the Gospel to bo lessened in thoir hands. He suggested that a conference should bo held in reference to the subject. Mr Nisri thought it wonld perhaps meet tho case if tho presbyteries met onco a year spe cially in reference to thiB mntter. Mr G. Macktb suggested the revival of pres byterial visitations, which meant visitations from the presbytery to all congregations. Mr A. J. Campbell thought the Moderator should nt tho close of every assembly prepare and publish an address which conld be adopted as a sort of pactoral letter to tho Church. Mr Wn.vN urged tho setting apart of an hour for special devotional exercises on the subjeofc, in which the ministers shoHld humble them selves and ask for lhat grace which alone could guide them in the matters referred to. Several other suggestions were given, and flventnally it waa decided that the Moderator should, oi tho close of the Assembly on Thurs day evening next, deliver an address on Minis terial deportmont, said address to be afterwards Tinhllshnrt : also that the oven'mr servico on Thursday be devoted specially to religious exercise on the same subjpct; and farther, that presbyteries should meet in conference once a year specially in reference to the question of ministerial deportment. THE SABBATII AFTERNOON SERVICE. Mr I. Hbtherington brought Hnder tha notice of tho Asiembly the ohjectian he held to tho annual Sabbath afternoon service in con nection with the Assembly being hold in St. George's Hall. Mr Menzioa, who waa to preach, he also understood, strongly objected to doing so in the hallnamod. Ho thought the service would be much better performed either in the church where they were then sitting, or in Chalmers Church. Mr Ballantyne, who had obtained the uaa of tho hall free, stated that he had no wish that the service should be uild there, but would rather prefer it being always held in a church. It wa3 agreed that the sermon should be preached in Mr Hetherington'a church, Col lins-street, tho usual place of meeting of the Assembly. THEOLOGICAL HALL REPOBT. MrJAiffiB Wilson read the report of the Theological Hall committee ass follows : — ' 1. Capital Fosb. — The Theologioal Hall oomniittee have to report that during the past vear the Castlemaino portion of No. 5 District has been organised. A depntation consisting of tho Rev. A. J. Campbell, the Rev. A. Simp son, and Mr David Ogilvy, visited that dis trict early in Jnne, and met with a cordial re ception. They held meetings in six of the principal townships, find appointed influential committees in each of these places. Alexander Bayne, Esq , of Sandhurst consented to act as chairman. The Beechworth portion of No. 5 district has not yet been organised, owing to the difHcn'ty ef obtaining deputies who could spare timo and undergo the labor of canvnssing. The committee have ranch pleasure in stating that in Nos. 1, 2, and 3 districts a very liberal proportion oC the in stalments due have been collected. The state of tho subscription lists in these districts is as follows: — District 1. : Chairman. George Rus sell, Esq. ; amount subscribed, £5000 ; amount collected, £1850. District 2. : Chairman, David Ogilvy, Esq.; amount subscribed, £3150 5s ; amount collected, £1964 83. District 3. : Chairman, Adam Turnbnll, Esq. ; amount sub scribed, £1797 ; amount collected, £C99. In Nos. 4 and 5 distriots less progress has been mado in collecting the instalments, and completo returns have not been received. The sums sub scribed in No. iamount to £1671, and in No. 5 tho subscription list from Sandhurst alone amounts to £450. The total sum subscribed ia £12,070. The sum of £5000 has boen in vested at 8 per cent, per annum in freehold security. The committee in anticipation of in terest, paid tho balance of the Theological tutor's salary. ' II. — Theological EClasses. — The Very Rev. the Principal, Dr. Cairns, having found that hiB Btrength wonld not permit him to conduct tho systematic theology class, the Rov. A. J. Campbell consented, at the request of the committee, to tako his place. The arrange ments for the last session, which wero sub mitted to the Commission in M«y, have been carried ont aa follows : — Systematic theology, Rev. A. J. Campbell ; apologetics, Rev. T. M. Fraser; church history, .Rev. A. R. B. M'Cay ; Greek and Hebrew, Rav. Peter Brown. The principal will bring tip the re port on the classes and tho students. ' III. — Appointment op Professor. — The committee do not feel that they aro in a posi tion to recommend tho appointment of a per manent professor at present. They would ?nggest, however, that the presbyteries of tho Church should bo consulted as to the mode of procodure which ought to be adoptod in the election of professors. In the meantime, as a considerable revenue is now accruing to the Church from tho capital fond, n strong desire has been expressed by various members of the committee that the services of the ministers conducting the classes of the hall should re ceive some recognition, and that tho euui of £50 should be awarded to each of them. ' IV. — ScnoLARSirir Fond. — A donation of £30 has been presented by John Elder, Esq., of Rokewood, who has liberally oftsred to con tribute a like sum annually for three year*. From Chalmers Church congregation £30 9a has been receivad, and the St. Kilda congrega tion have contributed £15. Tho committee hope that other congregations of the Church will fulfil the recommendation of last Assem bly, and mako collections before the lBt of January next. ' V. — The Libuajit. — The committee have to report that they put themselves in communi cation with the session of John Knox's Church relative to the library which be longed to the Fro) Church, and whioh ia now deposited in the vestry of John Knox'a, and they expect soon to have it in their possession. It contains about 300 volumes, many of them very valuable works, and almost the whole of them in good order. The committoo have also forwarded a request to Mr James Balfour, one of their number at present in Scotland, to make known to the friends of this Church in that country, and to the leading pub lishers, the formation of this library, and solicit donations of standard works ; and fnriher, the committee havo received from several indivi duals notice of their intention to present the library of the hall with various theological works. Mr David Ogilvy has offered Dr. Goold'B very valuable edition of Owen's works; Mrs Clow has intimated her wish to present a aoleotion of theological books from the library of the late Rev. Mr Clow ; and Dr. Cairns haa stated that it is bis intention to hand over tho bulk of his library to tho Church. The com mittee are persuaded that the assembly will appreciate these very generous donations. When tho classes re-assemble next year, the committee will be able to offer the students the much-needed assistance of books bearing on their various subjects of study. 'VI. — Recommendation with Regard to Special Prayeb. — Before tho first Sabbath of this year the committee issued a circular re minding ministers of the appointment of tho Assembly on the subject. They trust that withont any formal renewal of that appoint ment, thia scheme with all its important issues will be kept in constant romombrance, both in tho prayers of the Banctaary and the family, and that ministers will tako all seasonable op portunities of pressing upon the parents and young men of their congregations tho claims of Christ for earnest and effective laborers in His harvest. ' VII. — Regulations. — Mr George Russell, of GoHhill, brought up a series of resolutions for the proper management of ,the hall fuuds. These resalutions have been embodied in a short chapter, and incorporated ? in the new edition of the Rules and Forma of Procedure of the Church. The committee recommend them for the approval and sanction of the Assembly. ' VIII. In conclnsion, the committee beg to recommend that, inasmuch as the whole five districts of the colony have been more or lesa fully organised, a canvass of the whole Presby terian community should now bo mado. The signal 8uccosb whioh haa crowned the Church's initial efforts, for which tho committee |desire to give God humble and hearty thanks, en couragoB them' to believo that a very general and a very cordial response will bo mado to such an appeal; and they cherish the hope IUn^ uuiuru kucll wuin 13 uuuuiuuca [lua euu scription list will be found to contain tho name of every member and adherent of the Presbyterian Church of Victoria. ' A. J. Campbell f Joint James Wilson t Conveners.' Mr Wilson explained that Nos. 1, 2 and 3 districts had been ver^ well worked, and thnt the other two districts would .shortly be. He drew attention to th3 fact that all the money that had been subscribed was from 140 indivi duals only, which showed the necessity of bringing before the people of Victoria the ne cessity of contributing. They should, ho thsught, enlist from 40,000 -to 50,000 persons to tako an interest in tho hall and contribute, say from 2s Gd to 303 each. Dr. Cairns then road tho report of himself and tho ministea actirng as interim professors, giving f all|detaila of tho business and progress of the institution. Thero were seven students, six of whom were regularly prosecuting the curricnlum necessary to fit them for the minis try, namely, Mes9r3 Johnson, Thomson, Har rison, Jenkins, M'Donald and Brown. The ministers acting as interim professors also asked that daring the six weeks' session, when they wero engaged with the Btudents, their pnlpits should be filled by the Church. In offering observations after reading tho reports, Dr. Cairns stated that the straii on the minis ters daring tho six works' session was far too much to allow of thoir preaching twice a day as well on the Sabbath, and he earnestly hoped that the Assembly -would fill their pnlpiis. He complained also that a six weeks' setsion was far too short, as the ministers and stndents had to condense six months' work into a space of six weeks. Perhaps tho matter could not bo remedied now, but he hoped the Assembly would Boon have to appoint profes sors set apart for the work, who would be able to devote their whoie attention to it. He was sure, with a little exertion, that the subscrip tions to tha hall might be donblod, and thought that in two or threo years the Assembly could appoint the profossors. Mr A. J. Campbell explained that the com mittee had clashed somewhat with the Home Mission Committee in the matter of collecting subscriptions. They had, however, raised the amount collected from £1600 or £1700 at the commencement of last year, to £5700, and £5000 ?was cow invested and returning £400 interest. The thanks of the Assembly were, he said, specially due to Messrs Ogilvys Russell, Wilson and Turner, for the great efforts they had made in orga nising movements and collecting subneriptious in support af the hall. In farther remarks Mr Campbell urged that each pre3byt?ry should have a scholarship of it8 »wn, «o that it could send a ncholar from it8 district. Tha Aaaem bly were in a far better position bow than they wore to lay the claims of the Theological Hall before the pnblic, as it was no*a really esta blished hall, nt which thero wero seven students. There wero three colonial students in Great Britain, one of whom, George Tnit, would shortly bo ordained, nnd he hoped wonld trend in the steps of his worthy father. The other two stndent8 at Lome were a son of Mr Hamil ton, of Mortlake, and Mr Harper. The large unbscriptions which bad been given were a tribute of confidence in the Chnrch, and though they might consider it necessary to bumble themselves, the £10,000 subscribed proved that as a Church they must have done much good, or the Bubtcriborg would not have been im pelled to so nobly nsgist in the building up of the Theologioal Hall. Mr P. Menzies seconded tho adoption of tho report, expressing his approval of the arrangement como to that it would be better not to appoint permanent professors at present. He thought tho results which had been arrived at already in the Theological hall were moBt significant and encouraging, and th«t t'^ey were only a commencement of what would be Mr M'Donald suggested that the papers read by Dr. Cairns should bo published, as ho felt sure if that were dono, the claims of tho Theological Hall wonld be acknowledged. _ Ho had no doubt they wonld soon havo n consider able number of slnlents, and he know of many youths who were anxions to enter the hall with tho view of devoting themselves to the ministry of the Church. He thonght the ministers and elders of tho Church of Victoria should do something in the way of securing students for the Church, and in support of that referred to a report presented by Dr. Candliah to the Free Church of Scotland, in which it was stated that a very large number of tho young men being trained for the ministry were from tUe families of ministers and elders of the Church. He hoped the ministers and elders in this colony would keep that in view, for they all knew that a very large number of tho best preRchers now were persons who were trained in the godly families at home. As much as could possibly be done should bo done in the way of providing scholarships; and he was able to say that he knew a lady who had mado a will that at her death all her property should go te found scholarships. Ho had reason to believe, also, that other friends were making similar dispositions of their preperty. Iu a short time he hoped they would not be without means to provide support and also training accommoda tion for students for tho Christian ministry. Mr R. Sutherland was glad the Assembly had adopted the plan he had urged a number of years ago, namely, that it was necessary there shonld bo four professors to train the students. He stated that the system of send ing home yonng men to be trained for the ministry shonld bo discouraged by all means, as they could be as well educated in the colony. In support of the latter remark, ho instanced the condition of the Chnrch intbe United States, where young men had been kept and trained in their own country, as a result of which the Americans were, he considered, su perior theologians to thoso of England. The report was adopted, as was also a de liverance upon it, which contained approval of all tho principal points of the report, and also the intimation that the Assembly deter mined on their being carried ont as recom mended. Tho Assombly adjourned until the following day. ? 