THE OLD LOVES OF OUR-LOVES. (Front the Cornhill of April.) ' To a man of sense and spirit the manner in which he should bear himself towards the old loves of his love, whether that love be the woman he wants to marry or the woman he has married, presents a social problem for solution of no ordinary difficulty. But, alas! we are not all, we are not even many of us, men of sense and spirit, and therefore we advance with care- less courage to the contest with three great deficien- cies ignorance of the value of the stake, of our own incapacity for this particular form of warfare, and with a profound underestimate of the delicacy and difficulty of the task which lies before us. Of course we do not like the old love, in whatever shape he appears. Some of the more ill-natured among us feel a certain resentment that a woman honoured by our affection should over have entertained an emotion for any one else, and the slightest display of sentiment in his behalf rankles in our ungenerous minds. In truth, we are seldom so angry as when any one for whom we in our hearts care for omits to dislike those whom we have either loudly or ardently excommunicated ; but it is possible to acquire a mental habit of magnanimity, and in most cases it is worth while to try for it, if only for the serenity of body and mind it confers. A toothless enmity, which means in plain English a fit of the sulks, is always and under any circumstances a gigantic blunder. In savage life, of course, the thing would be easy enough. We should dance our war-dance round him, and then, with horrid screams, cut his throat. Fortunately or unfortunately, this mode is no longer practicable in this our day we rage inwardly, say rude things, and end, figuratively speaking, by cutting our own. The first thing to be done is to study the situation with humility, intelligence, assiduity, and courage. In this country most . husbands and many lovers would think it beneath them to devote time and trouble to this matter, but in such a case le jeu vant been In chandelier. An affection that has been worth winning surely worth keeping and we may say at once that for the English system, or rather want of System, we entertain no sympathy or respect. Besides, there is a certain deficiency of control of temper about it, and ill-temper and ill breeding are mostly found together. Balzac has said, "AvBnt de se matter of fact avoir as moving dissent une femme;" and taking his speech in the metaphorical acceptation in which he used it, and in the same critical sense, there is a deep significance in it. One woman will be like the Van Arteveldes, the " stuff of which to make a storm-sail." Her you can only dis- arm by never suffering a storm to arise which shall convince her of her own value. Of another one may say, " C'est un accouchement pour elie que de se terms ner." We generally love the last kind best, only absence tries them too much, for, like delicate flowers, they require much tending. Of course no account is to be made of those early spasmodic attacks of the tender passions which are born in silence and endured in secret, and are indeed but the faint fore shadowing of love, such as some boys and most school-girls experience. There are few girls who have not entertained a personal idolatry, or indulged in some kind of craze, unrequited and unsuspected, for their clergyman or music-master, as the case may be, wife and many children notwithstanding. There is no occasion to discuss these further than to say that they should be allowed to sink into oblivion, and never be made the subject of ridicule. No woman will thank us for reminding her of her infantine foibles, and Cherubini forgets all about the Countess when he grows up, and has learned to understand the real burden of his song, of the papers. The old loves we mean are those of more mature years, when love may be supposed to have been really comprehended and experienced, and it is no use a man flinching at the idea that the woman he hopes to marry has ever had a previous love. Even if the reverse case could be proved, it ought to be no sort of comfort, but rather an omen of future disaster. There are per- sons who never fall in love at all, but as a rule there are none who do it only once in their lives. For a man then to hold his own in the presence of the old love, he must clothe himself in a triple armour of politeness, patience, and magnanimity, and must pledge himself to endure in the present, in order that he may enjoy in the future. Often a bold policy is successful, for the domain of sentiment in the female breast has practically speaking, no limits, and to present the shadow in the flesh is sometimes sufficient to destroy a potent and cherished illusion. "Madam," a gentleman once said, " I bring your idol to you in order that you may view him near." This kind of feat must be performed courageously, for the slightest appearance of fear or malaise is fatal to its efficacy ; gently, for it may be a death which we are about to witness and with presence of mind, since, alas! it may prove to be the resuscitation of an agonising or of a corpse which we shall actually see. If we perceive, however, that the issue is about to be a fatal one, and that our destiny calls us to act as the executioner, we have, at any rate' the right to wear gloves and a black mask. Nor let us be angry if, when the death-warrant is pronounced, we detect a tone of sorrow in the voice which utters it. At the demolition of a former idol, of the perishing of an ancient faith, a natural pang or two may be allowed to those who once believed in them. Suavity and indulgence at such a moment are the best wisdom, and I'aniour pardoning tout, amour propre no pardons rich. But boldness must not degenerate into carelessness. He is the old love, and we are the new we think and a calling to mind the natural inconstancy proverbially attributed to women, we feel sure of triumph. But the worst of it is this inconstancy is never to be relied on at the opportune moment when it would be to our advantage that it should be' exercised, and we even think that their failing in this respect has been greatly exaggerated, if indeed it exists at all. " Constancy is one of the chief vices of women," said a man who had spent a long life in trying to understand them, " and nothing cures them of it : nothing," he added sadly, " except matrimony." Again, our star may be in the ascendant. But a woman often favours a losing cause, not out of contradiction, but from compassion, provided the failure be not of an ignominious sort. But if it is conspicuously due to certain faults not easily forgiven by women in men, such as meanness, conceit, or cowardice, we may be easy, for whether we remain the victor or not, we know that he will assuredly prove the loser. To some women perfect trust is felt to be the greatest, indeed the only accept- able homage ; others regard a little anxiety, an in quisitiveness with respect to their motives and proceedings almost amounting to jealousy as a proper tribute to their influence. In investigations there is le style couple, of surprises into an admission, a recompense, or a regret and le style souvenir, which is sometimes a prolonged dumb interrogatory carried on directly by the eyes, or in the passive and negative form it consists in an obstinate withholding of all the usual tokens of affection and confidence. This often elicits an exhaustive and exhausting confession, ex- hausting that is to the penitent, sometimes also to the confessor. In such cases we must not fail to consult our own interests before we accord absolution, bearing in mind how it has been said that the inhabitants of Asia came to be vassals only because they were not able to pronounce the Single monosyllable, No. We are taking it that the old love is of the male sex, if married he is almost sure, at least in England, to be innocuous. Few of us care to present ourselves to our old loveR after a lapse of ten or twelve years. The highly favoured among us have perhaps been able to preserve our figure, but generally we have increased in girth, the soft voice and small assiduities by which we were once so distinguished have departed from us, and the effort to resume them in a grievous and not always a successful one to make. We have become prosaic and comfortable, sometimes hard and vicious, or dull and greedy, and the signs thereof are written on our persons and in our countenances. When the old love is thus degenerate we have only to dissimulate our joy at seeing him approach the object of our solicitude. We know instinctively that he is about to reveal himself to our advantage, and we hasten to be cordial to him and to assisting in the celebration. While he is descanting on the wealth he has accumulated, and the prosperity and happiness he enjoys, we know that he is becoming less dangerous every moment, and the enshrined mystery is developing into the commonplace acquaintance, while he thinks he is making an excellent impression by his unceremonious and careless allusions to former days, or perhaps in still worse taste, by his boasting of more recent conquests, or present prospects with regard to other women, we are sure he is secretly exciting horror and indignation. lies is about to commit a moral suicide, with which we are not called upon to interfere, and we must be more or less than man if we contemplate the prospect with anything short of serene satisfaction. But we must be wary of displaying this un-christian spirit, nay, a little occasional effort to save him, or to throw a shield over his defects and follies, will not injure us ; only it must not be made too perceptibly. The smallest endeavour to make a 'W-CiïDî.n have less cause for humiliation in her old love will be seen and appreciated by her. We may, how- ever, be mistaken in our calculations if we suppose that because for the old love there is so cold a December, there will be at any rate just then a warmer June For us. It is hard to be vexed in mind and gracious in manner. It is Ritcher who affirms that often the smiles and tenderness a woman bestows on one man we Folly called forth by her reflection whom another; and consequently the hostile and regretful feelings excited by him and kept in reserve, may sooner or later, but mostly soon, fall to our share. If we are well aware that there has been an old love affair between the woman we are or wish to be engaged to and any person into whose society she is thrown, we shall know, not indeed how much, but whether there is anything to fear by observing their reticence, or the reverse, with respect to the days that are past.. It they never refer to them at all, they are most certainly thinking about them. If they talk of the matter only when they are alone, there is a decided consciousness and probably a disposition to enter into temp ation. i But if they allude to it freely before a third party, there is little, most likely nothing, to apprehend. With a slender, good- looking, unmarried old love, whose ambition has been not only to be, but to continue agreeable to women, great care is necessary, especially if we stand in no better position than that of an engaged man, for a husband has always an immense advantage in love-making, provided he knows how to avail himself of it. There are some moments when a woman ought not to be made to wait either for a word or glance, for a provocation or a caress; and the husband only can have constant access to the wife. But it may be that his evil genius, or his idle dull understanding, shall guide him to choose the inopportune instant, or that, with the best intentions, he does what he thinks a proposal in the wrong way; and this is doubly unfortunate, because the manner in which a thing is done is, in nine cases out of ten and especially with delicate and refined natures, of more consequence than the thing itself. In an old French drama a disreputable cardinal is made to say, " Marriage is certainly the heaviest chain which can be fastened on a man," and the equally disreputable abbé replies, " For which reason there are two to carry it, (takes a pinch of snuff) sometimes three." But it should be the pride and settled purpose of every man to show himself equal to bear gaily and gallantly the burden of any matter which he has himself forged, and this we must do as well as we can and how we may, for a purpose wedded to plans often comes to be shipwrecked," but if a purpose is steadily followed up by such means and as opportunity offers or circumstances admit it will almost certainly be attained. In one of Bulwer's novels he relates how a German prince aspired to assist Sir Sedley Beaudesert in bearing the weight of the matrimonial chain, and how Sir Sedley devoted all his time and talents to defeat him, made love to his own wife, supported her, encouraged her, overpowered the prince by his politeness and cordiality, outdid him in munificence, beat him at his own game, turned him into ridicule, and finally put him out of fashion. The prince had not the advantage of having been previously preferred, and therefore the case is not wholly | in point, but it illustrates how the thing is to be done. Of course a man can in law and in fact command the obedience of his wife and order out of his house any person who causes him uneasiness, but if this is the best he can do, the affection which custom and con- ventionality compel her to simulate is but the painful civility and forced smiles of the helplesS debtor towards a powerful creditor. After "all, the victory must first be won by ourselves over our own imps I tience, indolence, and stupidity. We remember a pretty story of a French marquis who chased an old love fairly out of his wife's heart, and while she was morally shivering with cold and fear at the ghost of her own imagination, he dispelled it by surrounding her with light and warmth. For her he foresaw all annoyances and smoothed all difficulties, reproached her without afflicting her, doubled the value of any token of affection by the way in which he offered it, never embarrassed her pride, wounded her vanity, or offended her tastes; he was tender at the precise moment when tenderness was, not most demanded, but most desired, flattered her by his actions more than by his words, conveyed a caress in a grim ce of the eye, or in the tone of his voice, in fact the channel- last Toujours le course (There is no English expression which will convey the meaning of that sentence and of course at last" reigned triumphantly as it must be owned such men deserve to do. These things do not cost us much to do, or to give, and that which we receive in return is in value immeasurably beyond the small sacrifices we may have had to make. All this regards men; but when the old love is a woman, everything becomes more complex and dangerous, not because women are more wicked than men, but because they are more subtle, and also more charming. Here the conditions are reversed. No woman need fear her lover, or any wife her husband meeting his old love, if she is still unmarried, after half-a-dozen years or more. Single women are apt to fade. Now it seems horrid to admit, but the thing ought to be said, and therefore we will say it. There is between a woman and a man's way of regarding an old love this notable difference. A woman will rejoice generously in his success and prosperity if only he refrains from parading them before her. She will be glad if he retains his good looks, and will be influenced not so much by the dominion he has over her as the sway she sees him exercise over others. Every single advantage he retains will help | her to justify herself to herself when she remembers the past. But a man is prone to experience a certain vexation if his old love should venture to be either happy or successful after he has left her, or she him, he feels it almost as a personal affront ; whereas when he observes that she has faded, the sight administers to the vanity of his depraved nature. He thinks that if matters had turned out differently he could have made it otherwise for her; he does not wonder rather altered looks, quite the reverie, but they afford him a vague and rather grim satisfaction wholly apart from love. On the other hand, single women sometimes console themselves and thrive. We say console themselves," because we are now instructed that if women' fail to marry there is no one thing which can at the best do more for them than teach them resignation or afford consolations consolation which we like to believe imperfect, and a resignation we do not care to distinguish from despair. But whether they fade or they flourish for the reasons assigned, they never present the same fascinations that won hearts for them formerly. But a married woman is often more delightful, genial, and even handsome at thirty than she was at twenty years of age. Sometimes, also more addicted to flirtation. Especially is this the case when she is childless. Unconsciously she may' do a great deal of mischief. Consciously she may do a great deal more. Anything of this kind going on may be easily detected by a bystander if he notices between the two women an excess of apparent cordiality with very little reality in it. Here again the conditions are reversed; for an unmarried woman can contest the influence of an old love over her lover better than a wife can with her husband. There are the worries inseparable to a household of servants, children, and expenditure, which tend to harass and perplex her in her efforts. An appeal to the generosity of one woman by another is rarely effectual unless made by a person wise enough to stoop in order that she may conquer, to one whose conscience is less elastic than her temperament. But here we pause, almost repenting of our audacity in offering guidance and teaching to the sex which, after all, in such matters divines in an instant what we after much time and study only dimly apprehend. One kind of old love, indeed, there is with which we are sometimes called upon to contend. We have not alluded to these, though our subject would be incomplete without it. Yet they are of all others the most hopeless to strive with, and cause sometimes discontent, sometimes despair. These Ere shadows or shades, and ore the worn for we cannot destroy them or make them expose themselves. The faults of a defunct husband are generally patent to the world and to his wife, and those of a rejected suitor are commonly recognised by the woman he has loved so long as he is alive to remind of them ; but we fear neither defeat nor deny the secret fascination once exercised by a man now dead. CAST-IRON STOVES.-Bsware of closed cast-iron stoves. The French Academy of Sciences has been discussing the unhealthy effect of these articles. It is said, and experiments supports the assertion that cast-iron, when heated to a certain extent, is pervious to some gases and vapours, and allows the poisonous products of coal combustion to filter through it so that a room warmed by a cast-iron stove soon has its atmosphere vitiated by carbonic acid. They who have to sit long in apartments BO heated often complain of oppression and headaches ; henceforth they may know the cause. The Academy has appointed a committee of chemists to examine and report upon the subject Once Week, AiusTocKATio P-jOBONs.-An o amusing incident occurred the other day which revealed a fact not generally known, that most of the favourite birds bear aristocratic titles. A landlord having threatened his small tenants with legal consequences if they kept birds-which greatly destroy property found one morning on the roof of his cottage a number of pigeons, who, like Old Kaspar, were sitting in the sun." The landlord vainly demanded the name of the owner. The tenants were mute. At length he shot at the birds and as one or two favourites fell the anxious onlookers, forgetting their professed ignorance on the subject, exclaimed almost in tears, " O, non, stop, what; you're killed the Duke of' Malakoff an' Queen Mary, an' winged the Emperor Napoleon's cock- < eyed her !" The landlord was horrified at the apparent enormity of his deed, and went home in a reflective »ood,-ßirmwghm Port. ' 