"UK I.) COIJKT FARM." MRS HENRY WOOD'S NEW NOVEL. The number of novels from female pens which > issue tneiith by month from the press would 1 have been doomed incredible in the ofiuii-qmted j " good oid times," when to be able to read and i . _ . » . « . i CO manage ner noiis \vu3 tieomotl suia cMuca- tion for a ivoman, and to lie literaiy was a re- prouch rather than a cn»dit to the fair s:-x. Of our lady novelists .Mrs Henry Wood is one of the best ; her books are for the most part liotnelv pleasant stor ies, and those which are the homeliest are the most attractive. Rut Red Court Farm, her latest r llort, is by no means the pleasantest I or the best wiittcn of ber many books. It lias neither the peaceful home feeling and p>rtraitnre which pc-rv.tde the " Uiiannings " and "Mrs Ilaliburtoii's Troubles," nor yet the overstrained sentiment and unreal excitement which helped to make " E ist Lynne"' so famott5, in fpi e of its improbability and painful plot. It is j uzz'ing lo tell who are the real heroes and heroines of this ' story, so many characters are of equal interest — I not that this is a fatilr. indeed, wo think it rather ! the reverse. The tale begins with a dt.se: iplion ! of the Red Court Farm ami tbo people residing there, a .certain Mr Tnornycroft. mil hit family. ' consisting of thrie tons, Richard, Isaac, and Cyril, ' and one daughter, Mary Anne, with a French ' governess. The young lady is rebellious and beyond the teacher's control, running away from her tasks, and behaving altogether like a spoiled child. The story turns away from the Thornycrofls at this point to introduce a Mr Robert Luke and his wife, a pair without much interest, but w/io aro very important to the narrative. Air Luke is a lazy young man, who, haying plenty of money, seems to consider fishing quitu enough occupation for mind and body, and his wife is a delicate, do nothing, little person age, whose sole enjoyment seems to consist in i admiring her husband. lUbert Lake basal sister, a Mrs Chester, somewhat disagreeable, but worth u dozen of her lazy brother. Sire is well I described. i " She was ten years older than he, twenty! times older in experience, and rather inclined to be dictatorial to hint and his gentle wife. Her husband, a clergyman, had died a few months hack, and she was not left weil off in the win Id. She had just taken a house at Guild, a place about seven miles from Kitterley, though how she meant to pay expenses in it she scarcely knew. J " She was a little restless woman, inclined to bo stout, with shrewd grey eyes and brown hair, and a nose sharp at the end. The deep crape on her merino gown ionked worn and shabby ; her muslin coil.tr and cuffs were tumbled. Shu told e\ei one sire was twenty-eight ; Air Lake kucw her to be four-and-thirly. Site visits iter brother, and informs him that site lias a rich widow fro/n India, a Lady Ellis, coming to stay with her, ostensibly as a visitor! really as a boarder, and sire intends to fake three or four more if sue can get tboni. She makes her brother ami his wife promise to come to her house to meet Lady Ellis, and help her to make Iter feel at home, but Clara Lake considers herself " warned in a dream," and is very averse to the visit. This dream, which is minutely related, and occupies several pages in the tollimr, is so dreary and uninteresting that we can Well credit the foot nolo which states that it is true. Site dreams that evil is coming to her, and that site knows it white she is silting in the kitchen of a strange house; that her Itidiand and Airs Chester aro mixed up in if, and that finally that she makes the journey in a hearse drawn by a man with strange-looking eyes, who she knows is driving her to her grave. On tire strength ol this vision s'.,c worries iter husband, ami frets herself into a fever, finally refusing to go ; and a party id young people who were to have accompanied them start without them. Air Jupp and ids sisters are much disappointed that Mr j and Mrs Lake aro m.t witli them, and Airs 1 Chester is much (-lindcJ. On their return a| teriible railway accident happens, and several , people aro killed and hurt— none of Airs C ester's j fiiends being injured, however. Of course Ahs Lake takes great credit to herself for her ! prophetic dream, and declares that she is quite ' ready now to go to Guild ; " the dream has dono - its office," she dedans, tlrugli her husband is at : pains to point out lo her that bad tuey been in tbo train they woulJ have Iwr-u with their friends ut tlit; far end of it, and not in the third-cl 1=3 carriage, which was the only one smashed. Tibs accident is a queer ulLir altogether-— the driver, a solv-r. honest man, swears the green light was I exhibited as usual ; the station-master, also a miracle of probity, ami one. of the passengers, Ah Oliver Junp, swear as positively that "the- red light was up as a danger signal. The driver's statement finds corroboration too — Col. West, a gentleman who lives close to tko .station, comes forward and gives evidence to the e fleet that lie too saw the green light; and public opinion is sorely divided. Airs Wood gets cleverly out of the difficulty ; a certain Professor Alncphcrson, an acquaintance of Mrs Chester's, visits the neighbourhood, and solves the problem at once by asserting that two out of four of'tlie opposing parties must be suffering from colour blindness ! The Colonel and the driver submit themselves to various experiments, and it is discovered that neither of then can tell one colour from another, and that the driver's defectivo c-yea' liavo seen a green light where a red was waved. A pleasant idea, truly, for those who travel much by rail at night! The driver is set nt liberty, but turned out of his situation. Air and Airs Like go eventually to Guild, where Robert, being fa's, cinated by Lady Elli?, who is young and hind- some, establishes such a flirtation with her, that his wife frals herself into an illness which eventually carries her off. This part of the bred; i.i \ (try .'-Oak. Clara Lake seems to lie introduced for 110 purpose whatever except to dream a stupid dream, which is in some sort fulfilled by her death ; she is a most uninteresting personage, weak, jealous, and exacting ; and it is quite a comfort that the fust volume closes the st - v ,.f |,or fretting and lier life together. At M, - 1' outer's house the reader is i-itro Iticed to her stepdaughter Anna, an amiable dnt Ire, who is made by the managing widow to save her tin; expense of a servant, being nurse and housemaid "and every- tiling by turns. Lvly Luis, who causes sue h dire mischief, is a fascinating sort of person. Robert Luke stumbles upon l.er .for the first time by chance, not knowing of her arrival. " lie thought, looking at her in the subdued light, that she must be four or iive- and-twenty. Her dress was young —young for daylight. A lie. 1 liiaciC si j ;c with low body and short sleeves, edged by a niche of white crape, a jet chain on her white neck, and jet bracelets. She had very decided aquiline features, thin and compressed lips. _IIen-yo3 were such that would be culled beautiful or iddeous according to the taste of the spectator ; they were large, bold, nod intensely black. Ner h.-iir reus- beautiful ; a smooth purple black, very luxuriant, and disposed in an attractive manner round the bead." 1 Air Lake mistakes her for some one else, whose family lie knows, and a queer mistake is there-suit. Trie pair falls into a frren liy con versation, iu the course of which Air ' Lake remarks — "'I hope you will ho here until Wednesday; after that there will be nothing to stay for ; all the pleasure mid the freedom must end ; liberty will be replaced by restraint.' "Hist mo bad become serious. She paused again in her work, and lifted her eyes to speak. " ' What re-traii!', ?' Airs Chester lus sold lie- r liberty to a Begum. _ Stir, ly yeu must have heard of i"t ! An old Indian Begum, who is cuuiiig to stav lie re, and takes posi/sdmi the in i lil|,;"cf the" wot!;! Wo must nil be 011 our good behaviour before her. No fin to go nn then.' "'An Indian Begum!' uttered the young lady, staring at l.im. N-.itiiing less formidable, I assure you. She is expected to make tile journey from town on an elephant. I shall draw a sketch of her after dinner for piieate circulation; shawls, f..n?, woolly hair, -and prop: i.-ty. She's a widow, the vli.-t of S'r Gem-go Ellis. We must not so much as whisper b, fore her.' " Tin; lady Ian Rn d. M, s Cnester lias laid down rules for our conduct,' lie went 011 in a rattling sort of fashion. I lie last time I was at Guild she saw mo snatch a kiss from a pretty girl who was staying with her. and a few days ago sho appeared lit my house with au inquiry of what I supposed my Lady Ellis would think of such conduct. You have no idea what a nightmnic this Begum is to me — this old relict of a K.C.B. " ' Really I don't wonder. Shawls, fans, woolly hair, and an elephant ! Oid and' ugly i Did you say ugly ?' 0 "'As if a Begun ccttll be anything else! Not that her ugliness or beauty could nii'.-ct one ; but her interfering with the liberty of a fellow— that does it.' But, according to your version, it is Air; Chester wiio stems to be interfering— not the Begum.' ' " ' It is nil the same; excepting that for Airs Chester we should not care— for the Begum I suppose wo must.'" Presently the pair are interrupted by the advent of a lady and gentleman, niul Ribeit asks his companion if she knows the lady ; she replies that it is u Aliss Clapperton. ' "Mr Like stared in his surprise. 'That Lydi 1 Clapperton 1' ' Airs Chester certainly called her so.' " 1 Why, then, who are y-ui ?' "'1? oli, I am t ho Indian Begum; but I didn't come on an elephant.' " His pulses stood still for a moment. But lie thought she was. playing a joke upon him. " ' Y'ou are not — you cannot lie — Lady Ellis.' "'I am, indeed, the old relict of 'Colonel Ellis, K.C.B.'" Out of this conlrctempu arises the intimacy over which Ciara Luke frets herself to death, after which catastrophe her husband takes 11 very dif ferent place in the world. His name and fortune both came to him with his wife, lie having for merly been Ilibert Hunter. After her don't h lie assumes his former name, and having now to work for his living, obtains employment from a firm who had employed liiui before his marriage. The story returns ut this part to Red Court Farm and its inmates. This same farm is a most mysterious place, standing alone not far from a lonely sea beach shut in by a range of rocks. This beach, which is only Approachable by ii narrow path from one side, and that only at "low water, is said to be haunted, and hears such an evil reputation that no one will vLit it or Mm plateau of rocks above it after nightfall. The Thornycroft family affect to believe the story for reasons of their own, and it is universally be lieved that the mystery and terror of the ghost story were the; cause of Mrs Tliornycroft's death. They are a strange ill-guided family : the sons doing as they like, and tlio daughter apparently amenable to in discipline whatever. .Shu runs away from school, au 1 her father makes up ids mind to take a wife, and sev if that wiil merul matters, choosing no less a person than hidv Ellis. Tito sons object vehemently, ami Alary Anne hates the lady with true feminine hatred from the first moment of their meeting ; but tin; farmer is not lo be turn, d from his purpi s-, and brings home the lady, win iu a very few months finds the farm insupportable, tlio ways of its in mates unintelligible, and Alary Anne quite un governable. All this ends iu Lady F-iiis going to reside at Cheltenham, with a liberal aliow- uuce, ou tbo plea of failing health, and her —a; stepdaughter being sent to sciiooi at her own re quest. Before my lady leaves she lias discover? i that there ii a secret connected with her husband': house, though what it is sho ctnnot fathom, savi tluit it has some mysterious cmneclion with tin piateau and tlio beach. The story here takes 11 1 tip of tivo years, at the txpiration of which wi find Alary Anno Thornycroft at a -school in London, kept by AIRs Jupp, and with ber Anna Chester, who is pupil teacher, and Sophia Hinter, Robert's sister. The thrm pay a visit to Pro fessor Mucphcrson, where Alary Anno meets her destiny in the shape of Robert Hunter. The pair full mutually in love, though no word is spoken between them. Anna Chester and Aliss 'L'liornycrolt are escorted 011 their journey home for tlie holidays by Isaac Thornycroft, the second sin of the farmer. Anna is going to stay with some relations of hers not far from Red Court Farm, and the upshot of this meeting is that Isaac falls in love with her, and their courtship ends in a cl.imlcstino marriage, to which no one is privy but Cyril Thornycroft, Isaac's younger brother. Afft-r the marriage the young couple confi Iu in Air and Mrs Cnpp, Anna's friends, and sho returns to them as Aliss Chester till it shall lie feasible to make the marriage public. Mary Anne Thornycroft. leaving school ami being desirous of seeing Ilibert "blunter again, invites his sister and himself to visit her nt the farm — an invitation which her fatlur sternly negatives, and her brothers also oppose. .Miss Thornycroft aiigiiiy d, -fires to know wit her brothers 0111 do as tiny will and she cannot', and is fin i-ai-ly hi Idou to let her brothers lie and prevent in r fiiends from coming. The latter she does not il->. Acoi lent prevents Aliss Hunter from accepting her invitation, and R diert arrives alone in a remarkable coat which no sensible man would wear— white with black tiimniing. His welcome from Mr Thornycroft and his eldest sou is of tlio coldest, but lie stays 113 11 man in love would ho likely to do. About tlio time of his arrival a change in the coastguard has taken 1 place; a new superintendent- (MrKynejis ap- j pointed, who declares his conviction that sinug- I gling to a large extent is carried ou in the neigh- j bourhnod. Air Thornycroft treats him very j cordially, listens to tile story of his suspici >us, ! and invites him to a soei ,1 dinner. Air Kyno l accepts- tin: invitation, and afterwards disco rers | that 11 cargo of something lias been run in on j that very evening, and that the men whom lie had I tried to wateli had been drinking in" a public- ! house, treated by Richard Thornycroft. He tells 1 his suspicions to Hubert Hunter, and the two, in I company with Alary Anno Timrnycroft, go down ' to the beach to tiy if they can find out anything. ! O110 tiling they do discover ; that the rock in one I part is hollow, and R ibert declares ids conviction | that there is a subterranean passage to some j place inland, ml, ling tli.it if anyone else lived at | 11", 1 Coin I Fiinn ho should think it was there. ! They go to Farmer Thorny-croft with their sus- pinions, and are received by that gentleman and 1 his sons in a most extraordi,,aiy manner, lie ; lies into a violent rage and declares there is 110 i smuggling ill I he neigbl. airhead, and that lie will : not ! nve tlio poor fiTermen suspected and I persecuted, and fori, ids any one in 'his house to j iir-v-; baud or fo ,t in t lie matter. Ia the midst j of nil this L i.ly Eiiis conies homo unexpectedly i very ill — ' t-> Lid them good bye," she soys — and once more meets the man she knew as lb", hurt I, ike. Their meeting brings ab ut tlio young man's conVssion of love for Mary Anne, and the second volume cDs-s very pleasantly 011 the be- ginning of lin-ir " L -Ve's yourg dream/' Like all earthly j .ys. In; vint at the farm conies to an cud ; and on the very i.ight of bis departure in- discovers the sccr.-t of the sunt.;.!, is. The reader v.uli already have divined that tin; gentie- men of Red Court Farm n-e the culprits ; a social passogo leads from the farm to the beach under tlio plateau, and lieru the young Thoruycrofts run various valuable cargoes. He sets off to walk to the station, and a sudden impulse takes him across to the haunted spot, where, looking over, ho sees to his astonishment the rock open and 11 torcii appear. Rushing back to carry tlio news to superintendent Kyue, who is again dining at If. -d Court, lie meets Richard I liornyci'oft, who falls into a towering rage, and holding a pistol to his head, m ikes "liiai"1 swear never to reveal what lie lias seen and heard. Ilibert Niiulpr, guessing the truth, takes Iheo.itli and is let go ; he meets Cyrii Tnornycroft shortly afterwards, and the pair wall; away togetli, r. I lie next morning Cyril is missing and the dead body of Rib-rt Hunter is found lying among the rocks at the end of too haunted beach ; tlio face is horribly mutilated, but lie is easily recongnised by the strango coat. Alary Anno Thornycroft and Anna Chester being on the plateau s-o the murder, and at the inquest are b mil 1 to confiss as much. But b;t!i swear that the 111:1:1 who shot Rjhcrt Hunter was a stranger. Alary Anno knows it wat her brother Richard, Anna believes it was Isaac her husband, and the general opinion is that it was Cyril, who is most unaccountably absent. Robert Hunter is buried, and the 1 x- eitenifiit dies away until the following April (the murder took place iu January), when it is again revived. Cyril I'liornyeroft lias never returned, and Lady Ellis lias died in t lie meantime nt Cheltenham. Rumours begin to get about that the murdered 111011 " walks," that lie is to be seen 1 in the churchyard beside ids own grave, wearing j tiie self-same white.c-iat lit; had on tin- night of : his deatli. S one forty pages are given to the J various nnpci.iauccs of tl.is phantom, which lire very uninteresting, being a rehash of part of 11 former novel by the same authoress, only l.ot half so exiting or spiiited. The ghost story comes to .Miss Thornycrufi's ears at last, and site declares she will go to the churchyard and see the spirit, and find out what it wants thus coming back to earth, and terrifying honest folk. Sho keeps her word, and goes to find the supposed ghost to he Ilohert Hunter iu the il'sh, who lias coma back in this mysterious way far reasons that, are not Very welt ill-fined, and lias been pruwling about tiie churchyard waiting lor a chance of speaking to some of the 'i'liornyeroft?. It is something remarkable that in all these months not a single friend of II diet t Huntei's should have heard of bis murder, not even his sister — hardly credible in these newfpiper day?, but Mrs Wand would have us In-deve it. The my.tery of the coat is this Robert got his from Professor Mncphcrsoti, who h id another, the one which Hunter re-appears in on I is return. Richard Thornycroft cannot understand it. "'When you left that night, you bad your coat with you, Hunter ; I saw yon put it on.' " ' Rut I found it an encumbtauce. I had taken more wine than usual. I had other tilings tii 111 ike nn: hot, and I did not relish tiie prospect 01 carrying it whether ou or off for five or six mili"3. So I took it oil' when we got lo the wherry an ! hogged Cyril to cany it hack with him, and send it with the portmanteau .the following morn- iug.1 " A pause of thought ; it soriv.od they were fry! g to realise the sense of t he words. Sud denly Alary Anne started. pa?n"d, and laid her luce down pu her brother's shoulder with a sharp . low moan of pain. Ho leaned forward and stared 1 at Hunter, a pitiable expression of dread 011 bis j countenance a3 the moonlight fell on his ghastly ; face and strained back lips. " ' Cyril said ho was glad of if, and put it on, , for lie had come out without one anil frit cold " . contii.m-d IIu iter, carelessly. ' He bus not bpen , i-xp -«-d all weathers as I have. It fitted him ! capitally.' " A cry, shrill and wild as that which had , broken from tiie dying man in bia fall uow broke . from ll'cliard Tiiurnyeioft. , " ' Stop ! 1 lie shouted,, in the desperation of i his anguish ; ' don't you see ? ' " ' See what? ' demanded the astonished Ilun- , ter. " ' That I have murdered my brother 1 ' "Alas! alas! As they sat gazing at r-iich other villi terror- stiickeu faces you might have | heard their hearts heat. Poor Richard Thorny, j crolt ! Had any awakening to horror been like unto his ? "'Murdered your brother ? ' slowly repeated Hunter. " It was too true. Tlio unfortunato Cyril Thornycroft, arrayed in Huntei's coat, had been | mistaken by them for him iu tiie starlight, and ' Richard had shut him dead. " Everything had contributed to the delusion before life and alter dentil. What does Airs Wood mean by brfore life ;'J T|l0 face might i have been anybo.ly s, to ail signs of recognition j left in it. I m-y wore, and thev onlv, eacli a ; black dress dinner suit, ami Cy.il", i„ his forget- I fulness, bad put away his purse and watch. Ilis I money— lie g-neraliy cariied it so- was ioose in I his pockets; how were they to know that the ; same custom was net followed by Hunter? 'Tim j white pocket-handkerchief happened to bear no I murk, and his linen was not disturbed. Nothing 1 was taken oil him hut his upper clothes, tiie coat . and t ' 1 1; above said dinner suit. It was an cx- ceptional death, you see, not a pleasant one to 1 handle, and they just put a shroud over his under- i clothes, and so buried him. But for that would j have bc'eu seen on the shirt the full mark — ' Cyril i Thornycroft.' " J Aflt-r this ter ri hie discovery tiie story gets very ; Hit. Alary Anno declares inexplicably that sho I wiil not in any IT .Bert, and they part, and j Richard, after revealing tlio t ruth to Isaac, pro- j pares to leave the country. After lie is gone 1 Isaac and Alary Anno break the news to tiieir j father, who is so broken by it that lie lakes t Bo j intelligence of Isaac's clandestine mnriiagu with j lamblike meekness, and tiie book winds tip in 1 ho 1 tamest conceivable stylo, leaving tin; reader to | imagine that Aliss 'i hornveroft will ultimately | relent and become Airs Robert Hunter in tlio I end. It is 11 di-c--nn"eted, rambling sort of stoiy . after nil (but Mrs Wood is nothing if not dis- I cur.-ive), and t.dks drop in and rut of it with no | apparent reason. Mrs Clu ster is a great person I iu toe first volume, mentioned once in I he second, I and nowhere in the third. Lady Ellis also appears 1111 interesting heroine iu tiie beginning I ol the book , and fades away into tiie most maw kish und namby-pamby of invalids Leforo her | convenient death takes her nut of tiie way of | the rest of the characters. Too clumsy device of j shifting the stigma of murder oil the Thoruvcroft , li'JUSeh. id by declaring at the very end of tlio j tale that. Richard is souiohody else's son is as | awkward as it is unworthy of a practised | aut. iorc j; like Air Wood, Red Court Farm 1 apti-ais to have b-en written huriiedly and at ; -lillerent times — it is i!;-joiiiied jimi varying in \- !.s several episode-, yru tiie characters I neatly ? 1 gruj-ic-iiiy drawn as is tin; authoress's ! I hey are simply reproductions of some of her former creations, ami the bnk will never at tain to tin: pjpukui'y of some among her previ ous efforts. Straxob Yi-itoi:s to Qijuanhuvax.— During tin; past few days Qiieanbeyan has bcerM visiiei by a large Hock of eouio hundreds of stranga bird?, which up to Friday were still to he seen sailing in circles high in" the air. und chirpirn» clamorously like the English house-sparrow. Wo luivc hcen unaiila to procure a specimen, hut luivo noticed lh.it they are lint little larger than the sparrow, and we arc informed hy those who havo seen thcni that they are .slate-coloured, with white head and tails. " Small as they are they ap pear to he very rapacious, making slaughter among tamo pigeons and -chickens, and even .attacking children who have gone to tiie rescue of their prey. I lie liirds have hitherto hcen quite unknown in these parts. — .Jt/e. Am hunts n i-ia it Onui.uttax. — Dn Monday after noon a hoy named Henry Osmond had started on horseback from his mother's resilience at Mnmmel to go a short distance in the bush : hub scarcely had tho hoy g-me two hundred yards when tlio horse slu lidded and foil, and Osmond was \ i-deotly thrown to t lie ground. The poor boy had liis cal.'ar-hone broken in two phiees, nail received other injuries, Tho iiorso that young Osmond was riding was the same horse his 'lather was riding some months ago, when a fall from him caused his death. — On tho same day a bay about seven years oid, son of Mr Townrer.d, olTSIiully's Mat. met with a idmilar accident bv having his eollar- bono broken. Dr. Perry attended ill both eases, _ and the patients are progressing satis- luctoruy.- -oouluuni ucraUl. 