WILD OATS; A STORY FOR BOYS AND GIRLS, BY OLD BOOMERANG. CHAPTER XIV. THE roaring of the wind and sea, and the dismal songs of the sailors as they worked at the pumps, aroused Horace the next morning. He had thrown himself into his berth without undressing, in a helpless state of intoxication; and his feelings on first awakening to consciousness, can only be conceived by old topers. The storm had raged furiously throughout the night, and the heavy seas which broke on board had carried away the longboat, galley, spare spars, with all the bulwarks on the lee side, and alas! two of the seamen also. Still Horace had slept on, unconscious of those disasters or of his imminent peril, for the ship was straining badly, and required the incessant efforts of all hands at the pumps to keep her afloat. Horace rubbed his heavy eyelids open and staggered into the cuddy towards the spirit locker, intent upon drowning his loathesome reflections and his keen sense of personal danger, in rum; and hoping too to relieve an acute internal pain. The captain was lying on a sofa, snoring loudly, and as Horace tried to pass him a heavy roll of the vessel precipitated him head foremost on the prostrate sleeper, who started up and belched out a volley of oaths and curses while he rubbed his red hot eyes in stupid bewilderment. "I beg your pardon, Captain," said Horace. "Pardon, eh! after smashing a fellow! That be blessed for a yarn!" grumbled the captain, "you have stove in half my ribs with that thundering thick head of yours. But never mind bones are cheap. I'll par- don you this time, for you haven't got your sea legs yet," he added, seeing that Horace was ruffled, at his vulgar sally. I am glad you roused me up after all, for I was just then dreaming that my head was a keg of thunder, and an ugly imp was knocking the bung out with the galley poker. But what's the matter with you, messmate? You look as solemn as a monkey who had swallowed a pocket knive." "I am very unwell indeed," whined Horace. "My head is distracted, and I am suffering severe pain in my chest. Have you any medicine on board, Captain?" "Ay, plenty of salts and senna, and blue pills, but I don't believe a bit in that sort of physic. Here, stand by," said the captain, taking a bottle of rum from the locker beside him, and pouring about a gill into a tumbler, then dashing into it a quantity of black pepper. "l'll warrant that will rouse the aches out of your bread locker,—drink it up directly and give me the glass; I'll take a tot without pepper for I feel rowdy-dowdy this morning too. Now I'd recommend you to go on deck and take a spell at the pumps, just to warm you up a bit,—but mind you don't hold your jib to windward, for this south-easter would blow the snout off a parish pump. Keep your mouth shut, your eyes open, and mind your bad legs, that's the best advice I can give you in such weather as this." Horace swallowed the fiery mixture, and soon found practical relief from his pains, and his nerves being somewhat braced up by the stimulant, he scrambled to the deck where a most dismal scene presented itself to his gaze. The lower masts alone were standing, all the upper spars had been carried away, everything moveable had been washed off the deck, and nearly all the bulwarks were gone. A hawser was stretched fore and aft the deck, by holding to which it was barely possible to crawl from one part of the ship to another without being washed overboard. A storm staysail was the only canvas set, and the helm was lashed a-lee. Part of the crew were working the pumps, and looking nearly worn out with their exer- tions throughout the night. The chief mate, whose gruff voice and formidable imprecations could be heard above the howling of the wind through the rigging, was having an altercation with the black cook, and the sound of heavy blows on poor Congoe's head made Horace shudder. It appeared that the man had been trying to boil a saucepanful of soup for breakfast, over a fire made in an old cask which was lashed to the weather bulwarks, when the sea washed over, upset the saucepan and extinguished the fire. For that mishap the mate was administering what he called particular torment to the melancholy negro. "Take that—and that—and that too! you lazy, half-bred, rang-a-tang built Yahoo," roared the mate, striking the poor cook on the head with a belaying pin. "De sea capsize de skouse, Massa Jonas," muttered the poor fellow imploringly. "Don't open your crocodile jaws at me, or I'll run this pin down your throat and stave in the bulkhead of your bellows-room you coast of Guinea cannibal!" yelled the savage mate, striking the cook on the head again with the murderous weapon. Horace fairly sickened at such a revolting display of barbarous tyranny, and making his way along the slip- pery deck he hastened up to the mate and begged him to desist from beating the poor man, or at any rate to use some instrument that would be less likely to knock his brains out." "Rot him, he has got no more brains than a snatch- block, not a bit. It isn't a morsel of good hitting a a nigger's head with anything smaller than this tool. You may as well try to split a cocoanut with a rattan. We shall get no breakfast on this fine dewy morning, because that hobgoblin was too lazy to look after tne skouse pot. Cuss his impudence, I wish he had gone overboard with his galley. Hold on, sir! hold on! here's a sea coming aboard!" As there was no possibility of cooking anything, they made a scrambling breakfast off biscuit, raw her- rings, and rum, and dined and supped off the same hard fare. The gale continued all day with unabated fury, and as night closed in the prospect was dreary in the extreme. "One dark water all around them, All above them one black sky," The crew continued in alternate gangs to work the pumps and looked weary, and withal sullen and dis- pirited, through the constant abuse and ill usage they received from the half-drunken mate. "Bless'd if we are not looking as miserable as shot shags on a sand bank," remarked Captain Thrum, as they all sat down to their comfortless supper that evening. "There's no mistake about our being in a bit of a mess, but looking dismal won't repair our damages, Blow it all, I've got out of more scrapes than this a long sight, and I never cried in my life." "We are in for it—hang it what follows boys, Don't be downhearted you know." Our old tub leaks a bit in her topsides, but the fellows can keep her free if they like to pump hard, and they have nothing else to do. There's no reefing topsails for 'em now, so they can't grumble. We have plenty of sea room to knock about in, and we have got lots of grub and oceans of grog on board,—our wages are going on, and we've got no wives to whine about us, so what's the good of being down on our luck? Cheer up my bonnies, let's bouse our jibs up with cold punch and be joyful. I don't see what we want with the steward just now, Mr. Ball, find him something better to do than stand grinning at us while we eat our raw sogers. Make him take a turn at the pumps, and the cook too in place of the two fellows who went to Davy Jones last night. Will you try another herring Mr. Veering." Horace felt very wretched, both physically and men- tally. The stings of conscience were at times intol- erable,—so to appease them or to drown them alto- gether, he had frequent recourse to the bottle, and soon began to relish the coarse conversation of the cap- tain and his mate, of which I have given perhaps more than sufficient specimens, and to join with them in trying as they expressed it, "to drown the blues in blue ruin, and make their miserable lives happy." The gale gradually abated,—and for the succeeding ten days they had a continuance of fair winds and fine weather, but having no spare spars on board to rig jury-masts, they made but slow progress under the courses, main topsail, jib, and staysail, which were the only sails they could set. Fortunately the ship leaked much less than she had done during the storm, so the men could rest from their incessant labours at the pumps. The captain had continued to drink to excess every day, until he was seized with delirium tremens, and twice attempted to jump overboard; where- upon it was deemed expedient to confine him in his own cabin, and set one of the crew to watch him. The chief mate, although not so mad as the captain, was incapable of navigating the vessel from constant drunk- enness, so the command virtually devolved upon the second mate. If Horace had kept sober during the days, it was only to drink deeper at nights, and he had not been to bed sober for one night since the com- mencement of his excesses. He dreaded his first waking moments, when all sorts of horrible shapes seemed to flit before his eyes and drove him at once to the rum bottle for a temporary sedative to his haunted brain and his shattered nerves. "I expect we shall sight the Three Kings when the fog lifts, said Mr. Ball to Horace when he came on deck after breakfast on Friday morning. We were eighty-five miles off at noon yesterday, according to my reckoning, and if this wind freshens we shall make the Bay of Islands by Sunday. But if we get a north- easter after we round the north cape we shall go among the gibbers to a dead certainty, for we can never claw off a lee shore under this canvas. There is dirt too in that hard bank of clouds to leeward, or I'm no judge of weather. I wish you could have kept old Beelzebub from throwing the barometer overboard with his other traps Mr. Veering,—I would almost as soon go to sea in a ship without a pump as without a weather-glass. However, it's happy-go-lucky with us now." In the middle watch a strong breeze sprang up from the northward, as Mr. Ball had predicted, accompanied with thunder, and lightning, and rain. The ship was kept close hauled, and dragged through the water about two knots an hour. Throughout the day Mr. Ball kept the deck, with anxiety strongly depicted in his countenance. The chief mate was either abusing the men in his drunken fury, or sleeping on a sofa in the cuddy; he seemed altogether ignorant of the crit- ical position of the ship, or else totally reckless. The captain was still confined in his cabin, and night and day he might have been heard from all parts of the ship cursing every one on board, or threatening to scuttle the thip itself. He had either broken to pieces or thrown out of his cabin window every portable arti- cle within his reach, and it was owing to the vigilance of the sailor who had charge of him that he had not committed suicide. That night the wind increased, and next morning it had shifted to north-east, and blew a strong gale with a high cross sea—the ship labouring very much, and leaking so badly that the pumps could scarcely keep her free. Horace became almost paralyzed at the pro- spect of his imminent danger, and as he stood clinging to the weather main rigging, he trembled from head to foot with absolute terror. The chief mate, sobered a little by his sense of danger, showed more decision than Horace had given him credit for possessing. After conning over the log slate for a few minutes, he in- quired of the second mate "how many miles of offing he supposed they had?" "It is impossible to calculate with anything like certainty," replied Mr. Ball, "for this confounded old tub wallows about, and makes so much leeway, but I reckon we are about twenty miles from the Bay of Islands, with seven or eight miles of offing. We must reef these courses or something will carry away, and then we shall be settled altogether." "Reef be blessed!" roughly replied Mr. Jonas, "She'll sag to leeward like the roof of a barn if you take any sail off her; she is making almost as much leeway as headway now. If that is our position we shall round the 'Ninepin' before dark; keep her away a point-and-a-half, and let her go through the water. Get a small pull on the weather braces." A few minutes afterwards a furious squall struck the ship, when the main tack parted and the sail blew into shreds with a noise like a cannonade. While some of the active crew sprang up aloft at the word of command to cut the flapping sail from the yard, the second mate, with others of the crew, hurried below and brought up a spare mainsail, but before they could bend it on to the yard, the loud shout of a sailor from aloft, "Land on the lee bow!" struck terror into every heart on board. "Get the cables on deck!" roared the chief mate. "Bear a hand!—bear a hand! We shall have the ghost of a chance for our lives; the ground tackle is good. Look sharp, everybody! Mr. Veering, go and rouse up some axes or tomahawks, we shall have to cut away these cursed old sticks when we bring up," Luff! luff all you can!" he added, addressing the man at the wheel. Presently the rain ceased for a few minutes and enabled them to see the shore distinctly, less than a mile to leeward, with a formidable barrier of breakers hissing and roaring, as if mad with impa- tience to swallow the devoted ship and its poor panic- stricken crew. Mr. Jonas mounted into the main rig- ging and gazed towards the shore for a minute, then descended again to the deck and shouted to the crew, "Avast there with the cables, they are no use to us. Stand by to square the fore-yard. Mr. Ball come aft to the wheel and mind you stick to it—there's a little bit of a beach yonder if we can only hit it. Haul in starboard fore brace! Hard up with the helm! Say your prayers, everybody." The vessel payed off in obedience to the helm, and was fast driving towards the shore, with a contused sea following her, and occasionally tumbling over her stern. Horace was appalled at the immediate prospect of death, and all his sins seemed to rise with midnight blackness before his distracted mind. He felt that destruction was inevitable, for he was so enfeebled by his debauchery, that he knew he should be as powerless as an infant to struggle through those terrible breakers. "Oh, for one short hour of that precious time which I have so recklessly wasted," he groaned as he stood grasping the main rigging with terror and despair de- picted in his ashy face and staring eyes. "God be merciful to me a sinner! Save me from this terrible death! Save me! Save me!" were his agonising cries. The captain had been dragged from his cabin and was sitting on the deck gazing around at the wild scene with the ghastly stare of a maniac. "Port. Port, a small bit. Steady, so; steady, let her run stem on, Ball; stick to the wheel. Now every man for himself and God for us all," shouted Jonas, at the top of his voice, while he hurried up the main rigging, followed by several of the crew. In another minute the vessel struck the ground with a terrific crash. Horace felt himself forced from his hold of the rigging and whirled headlong into the raging surf. He struggled to the surface only to be dashed under again by the successive breakers. Over and over again he was tossed in the merciless surf—at one moment hurled with fearful violence upon the pebbly strand, which he grasped with frantic tenacity, the next moment dragged from his frail hold by the receding waves and again buried in the foaming waters. Unutterable horror seized his mind, as he fancied himself whirling down to perdition amid the hissing of ten thousand demons. (To be continued.) 