WATER SUPPLY. . Original Review. Mr. May s suggestion that Adelaide should be supplied with water from the River Murray reminds us of the serious difficulties which are now being felt in the mother country on the question of water supply. The report of the Select Committee of the House of Commons on this subject, and the various books and pamphlets which Iiave been written about that report, make alto gether quite a large library, and supply many useful facts which are worth con sidering there, now the question of extended water supply is under discussion. The succession of dry summers which recently occurred in England was of itself a sufficient reason for forcing this subject on public attention. Numerous villages had been parched for want of water, agricul turists were complaining, milk stopped work, thousands of people were thrown out of employment, and towns and litiea began to fear that there would be a rater famine. In fact, it has become a itanding complaint that the people of Eng and are insufficiently supplied with water, ind human ingenuity is puzzled to know low to increase the supply. Large towns ike Liverpool, after spending immense rama in storage reservoirs and wells, are itill thirsty; and London annually suffers jreat inconvenience from a similar cause. 3ne writer— a clergyman who has been well acquainted with the Thames for more than forty years, and who was examined before ihe Select Committee, writes in one of the numerous pamphlets which have been published and collected on the subject:— 'Be sure that you economize the water, for there are many towns in Eng land now growing which appear to me k- have ruin staring them iu the face for want of a proper supply of water. That may seem an extravagant statement. I believe, however, that it is Btrictly true ; certainly it is with reference to the valley of the Thames.' But besides dry seasons there ire other causes which in England have Forced the question of water supply on the attention of the public. The problem which bhe authorities have to consider is not merely how to provide for some twenty millions of inhabitants, but how, to provide for the natural increase of these millions. The popu lation of Birmingham, -'for instance, was 296,076 in 1861 ; but to thisnumber there is an annual increase of 5,000, and the wants of these must be provided for in any scheme of waterworks which may be devised. Then, too, there is ' a continually in creasing demand for water in manufactu ring processes. Breweries, especially, swallow up a great deal of water, as the Assembly was lately informed. In the celebrated brewery of the Messrs. Guinness, in Dublin, about 300 men are employed, through whose hands no less than 500,000 gallons of water daily pass, either in its natural or manufac tured state. Then, besidss these causes, there is another one which creates a demand for more water. Not only, as one writer points out, does every additional person want a certain quantity, but every additional individual tends to require more water than any of his predecessors. The diffusion of care and cleanliness of body makes one man use perhaps twice as much water as any of his ancestors, and thus a moderate supply creates a necessity for a large supply. There is the case of Glasgow, for in stance. It appears that in 1838 the quantity of water used per head per diem over the whole population 'was 26 gallons, and that was considered to be a liberal supply. But in 1845 the quantity rose to 30 gallons a day; whilst in 1852 it increased to 35 gallons per head on one side of the city, and to 3S gallons per head on the other side. This last was regarded as a large supply, and when the Loch Katrine scheme was adopted 40 gallons per head was viewed as the extreme quantity that would be required; yet in 1866 that quantity increased to 45 gallons per head per diem. Then, as regards London, in 1850 the report by the General Board of Health stated as the result of numerous enquiries and investigations that the total daily quantity required was 44,000,000 gallons. But in 1856 the daily delivery had reached 81,000,000 gallons, having nearly doubled itself in the short space of six years, and now the supply is considerably more than 100,000,000 gallons per day— a quantity which, it is said, any curious calculator might render appre ciable by comparing it with the capacity of the largest public buildings. 'It would probably more than twice fill the interior of St. raul s UathedraL cut even this great delivery is not sufficient for all the wants of the metropolis. The Water Companies, in fact, have been meeting not a fixed, but a continually increasing demand. In 1856 they thought they were doing a great deal by supplying from 20 to 25 gallons per head per diem. But in January, 1866, they returned their daily average delivery as 206 gallons per house, including manufactories, or 26 gallons to each person. This, however, is far too small a quantity, and is not more than half the consumption of water in .this colony. Some of the poorer neighbour hoods, in fact, are so badly supplied that the people in narrow alleys 'thank God when there is a fire,' as that brings the turncock upon the scene, and the precious fluid is obtainable. In most of these neighbourhoods the supply is turned off all day on Sunday, and it is very deficient during the week. Dr. Horace Jefferson, late medical resident at the London Fever Hospital, says — ' Guided by my knowledge of the main centres of the typhus infection, I have lately made, as closely as it was possible for one person to do, a house-to-house inspection of the worst quarters of Lambeth, St. George's, South wark, Bermondsey, Rotherhithe, Bethnal green, St. Luke's, Middlesex, St. Pancras, and St. Giles. First, as regards the water supply of these typhus nests. This is ex tremely deficient. Those houses the best supplied have each a butt, holding about 80 gallons, into which water flows from a stand-pipe for from 10 minutes to half an hour each day, and is supposed to supply the wants of 20 persons for cooldng, the washing of their persons, house, and linen, and for the rinsing down of the w.c. at such times as it may suit the caprice of any one oi we inmates, ai oiner places a larger butt, but in relation to the number of per sons proportionally smaller, supplies a whole court of ten or more three-roomed houses, which have Jio back yards, and a population of 150 people — members of 30 different families. On Sundays even this supply is absent, the water of the day before is gone, and in many houses that for the Sunday cooking has to be begged from neighbours who may have provided themselves with a larger butt, who are more provident or more dirty. Sometimes for part of Sunday and Monday a whole court has to borrow for their scant necessities from a ' Public' at the corner. Thus the day of all others, when the homes of the poor are crowded, the means of cleanliness and comfort are even less than on the working days, while in those instances where continuous week-day toil precludes the housewife from cleaning on any day but Sunday she finds it impossible to make up the compulsory neglect of the week. More than nine-tenths of these water butts have no covers, and fully half are so placed as to cateh the drippings from the foul eaves of the houses, and are lined internally with scum and slimy vegetation. More than a few are so rotten that one's finger can be pushed through them, and they allow the water to run rapidly off— an evil for which there is some consolation, as it is 1 ? l_t._ *!.„.. 41..4. *!.« _.~J.«- «V«..1J V~ swallowed after it has imbibed the soppy Bewage, sometimes of the foulest description, in which the water-butts not unfrequently stand. In some courts and alleys not even such appliances are to be found. Several such, containing sav eight two-roomed houses and 64 inhabitants, are thus sup plied: — A half -inch pipe projects a few niches through the wall of the court, so that any small can or tub may be placed under it, on the soppy ground, by such of the inhabitants as possess them, for the purpose of catching the water, which flows for 20 minutes only in the course of the day. Those who have no vessels, or are out, or not up as early as the water flows, must go entirely without. Large' numbers of the poor are indignant and complain of such a state of things, while others, a minority, I am glad to say, have come to acquiesce in that for which they see no hope of remedy.' Even within the Municipality of the City of London the water supply, it is said, is but a portion of what it ought to be. Thou sands of people go without an adequate quantity for the purposes of cleanliness ; and it is estimated that this evil will not be removed until 200,000,000 gallons of good pure water are delivered to the metropolitan population every day. The question, there fore, is where this large quantity is to come from. The New River Company are doing their utmost at present, and it is believed that their 30,000,000 gallons is as large a quantity as can be expected from them. Then there is no other extensive source of supply but the Thames, and this source, it is believed, is growing smaller and smaller. Evidence to this effect was given before the Commission upon the pollution of rivers, and it is urged as a matter of great importance that the Companies who draw their supplies from the Thames should lose no time in constructing reservoirs. Then, a great disadvantage connected with the Thames water has been its impurity. Those Companies that obtained their water from the upper part of the river supplied a pretty good article ; but the Southwark and Vauxhall Company were, at the date of the enquiry, drawing their water from the lower part of tie river, and this was degcrib,ed to the Commission by competent witnesses as being 'perhaps the filthiest stuff ever drunk by a civilized community.' It was found to be not only brackish with the ' ' influence of each tide, but also contaminated with the out comings of the metropolis, swarming with infusorial life, and containing unmistakable molecules of excrement.' Seeing, then, the disadvantages connected vita supplying London from the Thames, nuch discussion has taken place with regard » other sources. A scheme of artesian wells was proposed as long ago as ! 1847, and it was thought that by this icheme a supply of 140,000,000 gallons per j lay could be obtained if eighty wells were muk on the north side and forty on the - louth side of the metropolis. Numerous pamphlets were published in support of the icheme, but it was not adopted, as it was' mpossible to rely upon the proposed supply. So many wells drawing upon the same inderground reservoir would, it was believed, at some moment exhaust it, and bhe metropolis would for awhile be left without any water at alL Other and more schemes direct attention to very different sources of supply. One engineer of ability vdvises that London should be supplied from the mountain ranges of North Wales —the source of the Severn— and he shows that there is no great difficulty in the way )f this, for the requisite works would be sxceedingly simple in construction. Then, mother writer has a scheme for supplying i London and seventeen Northern manu facturing towns from the Lake Districts of Cumberland and Westmoreland. The cost oi the works he estimates at £11,960,000, the annual expenditure at £1,1571200, and the anaual revenue at £1,195,375, whilst the total capacity of supply is put down at 150,000,000 gallons daily, and this could be distributed at sixpence per thousand gallons, so that the total nnnnul revenue would be £1,368,750. Such Is a sample of the gigantic schemes which the 'water question' has given rise to in the mother-country, and uo doubt before long one or other of those schemes will have to be adopted. The Family of Sib Jambs FEBOOssoN.-From our shipping column on Friday it would be seen that the Duke of Sutherland, with the new Go vernor's familj and other members of the house hold, had arrived. Particulars of the voyage will be found in the usual place. On the day of the vessel' b arrival the butler came on shore at once, and found that arrangements had been made for the reception of Sir James Ferguason's two chil dren, whose arrival ih an excellent state of health is gratifying. Accompanied by two nurses, they landed from the vessel on the morning of Christ mas Day, Captain Douglas seeing to their comfort and convenience. Conveyances being in waiting, the party proceeded to Government House, where they will reside for the present, and probably visit the seaside and Government Farm. Tbe remainder of Sir James's servants will leave the ship as early as possible. The RAXGATifiA.-We have been requested to state that as the Bangatira has been prevented, for want of water, leavivg before Sunday at daylight,' she will not go to Sydney direct, but will call at Melbourne as usual, and that passengers can join any time this (Saturday) evening. Accident to the Gumeracha Mail.— On Friday afternoon an accident occurred to the mat A#%inVk $e\\-*t 1 ittmn**l/*1«a nrtiY )kf stunt l)ln«nnnf 4 Ik a axle having broken at a spot a few bundled yards beyond the O.U., Oilles Plains. The passenger had to wait till another conveyance arrived from Adelaide, and started again after 6 o'clock. Accident.— At about 8 o'clock on the evening of Christmas Day an accident occurred to Mr. ,W. Craig, of the firm of Bailey & Craig, of Bundle street east. He was returning with a young lady in a light trap from Henley Beach, where he had been spending the day, and had reached the middle of Bundle-street, when a saddle horse came in contact with the wheeL The vehicle was being driven at a smart pace, and was struck bo sharply that it overturned, breaking off both the shafts and jerking the occupants out Mr. Craig was de posited under the trap, and extricated himself with difficulty, receiving several bruises, whilst his UUtOV| UVVIU5 iwwm *««r»A« iw v«b»£r£*w*^9| fc'Wil'V** wntaj immediately. The yonng lady fortunately escaped without the slightest injury. The rider of the horse which had occasioned the mischief dis appeared without pulling up to reader assistance. Lifeboat Shed at Gcichbn Bat.— We (Mount Gambier Standard) are informed that it is per fectly true that the new lifeboat shed at Uuichen Bay has been constructed with such culpable carelessness that tbe boat cannot be lifted outiof the water when it is desired to house it. This locality surely has reason to rejoice in the efficiency of the Government Departments. . Port MacDohnell Lifeboat.- The Harbour Master, Mr. J. Melville, ou the morning of De cember 18 (says the Border Watch correspondent) exercised the lifeboat's crew. Gun fired for as sembly at 10.50 a.m., the crew mustered imme diately, and the boat was in the water and started out precisely at 11 a.m. The wind was light from the south, but a heavy sea was breaking on the reef: nevertheless she was put through the heaviest portion of the breakers, and, as usual, proved herself a first-class boat, not merely giving satis faction to her crew, but leading to such confidence in her seaworthiness that, should occasion arise, there will be no delay in running out to the relief of any vessel requiring it. Australian Salt Beef.— That colonial salted provisions for ships' use can be had here in all respects superior to the home brands was convin cingly proved by inspection of a cask of mess beef on board the ship Bed Jacket yesterday. Before proceeding to India, in January last, Captain Pope, cne me commanaer 01 me iieu jockoi, snippen a large quantity of Baited beef from Messrs. El worthy and Wobbin, of Sandridge. This beef had been constantly used on board, and had been highly spoken of; and on the return of the vessel to port the firm expressed a wish to ascertain, from actual Dbservation, how the article which they had suppl ed had stood the test of the voyage to India and Abyssinia and back again to Melbourne. The beef when put on board ship had been about six months cured, and when exposed to view yesterday had been nearly a year and a half in the cask, Apart from its inherent quality the beef was cer tainly in sound and excellent condition, and showed that great care had been exercised in the curing and the packing of it. The perfection irrived at with regard to the beef in question was the result of carefully selecting the stock, studying the weather at the time of slaughtering ind salting, using only the best quality of salt, md having the casks of unexceptionable material ind workmanship. Samples of the beef are to bj reserved for further inspection on the arrival of the ship in London.— Argxu, Dec. 19. Singular and Fatal Accident.— The Armi Sale correspondent of the Tamworth Examiner irrites :— 'I have just been informed of a fatal iccident which happened to one of our colonial pouths, a son of the late Mr. Thomas Galleagos, farmer. The unfortunate lad was riding into Armidale on Sunday last, in company with another, when they needs must have a race, in the heat of which deceased is reported to have at tempted to leap his horse over a cow then lying quietly in his road. The cow, however, rose be neath the horse, and threw it upon its rider to the ground. The lad survived the accident until Mon day noon, when death terminated bis brief career.' ' 8TBATHALBTN AND MrbDLETON BaILWAT.— Referring to the progress of this line, the Soutliern Argus says :— ' On Saturday last we had the oppor tunity of taking a tun along it. Leaving Middleton on an ordinary 'lorry,' we (a party of five) reached the Black Swamp Bridge, eight miles, in an hour. The road way was very rough for the hone, being broken limestone, and not yet blinded. The first thing to notice was the perfect smoothness with which our lorry (without springs) ran aloug, not the slightest jar the whole way. This cvennesB at the junction of the rails is secured by the use of the celebrated fishplates, and certainly, though delay is to be deplored, the line is the better for them. To whoever laid out the line and arranged the leyek great praise is due. There are no long or steep inclines, 1 in 64 being the heaviest gradient. This is od an incline komik into Middleton. For about six miles from our starting place the line ascends, and tbe gradual ascent is su judiciously managed that the power of the horse has to be increased but very little in the upward progress. This is done by having long distances of level between short but easy inclines. The arrange ment of the curves also calls for special commenda tion. They are rather long sweeps than curves, and where they are anything near sharp they have been so carefully 'nursed' and humoured that such an event as running on' the line is next to an impossibility. The pattern of the rails is a great improvement upon those now in use between Fort Elliot and Victor Harbour, being higher in the standard and having a greater bearing surface. Arrived at the Black Swamp Bridge one cannot help being struck with its suitability for the work it has to do, and, on inspection, the structure shows for itself that it was do niggardly contractor who put such a finish to the smallest details. We were pleased to find that the contractor, Mr. Macgeorge, had reached beyond the bridge and was pushing on with an earnestness that will make certain of his being at the Finniss Station by the end of the year, or before. He had 75 men empjoyed. and as they were all working in a small radius, the place looks a hive of industry. At the Kumiss Station Mr. Redman has nearly finished the stables. At Middleton Mr. Sara has made good progress with his contract for the Btables there. We are now satisfied that under the active superintendence of the Resident Engineer and the attention to detail shown by the C|erk of WurkB, the result will be one of the finest' lines of railway made in the colbny-a real credit to the ^ office ' 'oc'the Engineer-in-Chief-and though some may urge its costliness against it, time may yet show this nrnt cost to be in the end true economy.' Melbourne Practical Jokers.— Those whose business or nocturnal habits led them to the top of Collins-street at an early hour jes terday morning had alittle amusement pro vided for them which was not get down in any 'bill for the day.' Over the door of the Treasury there appeared in the earliest day light a huge pair of spectacles. Why they were so placed, and what they were supposed to indicate in connection with the building thus selected for ornamentation, must be left to conjecture. A similar symbol, however, was Boon afterwards missed from the door of theestablishment of Messrs. Kasnar& Moss, opticians, Collins-street, for which it was reclaimed; but who were the simpletons who eflected the temporary transfer has not been re ported. The Insolvent (k-urt was also found exteriorly to represent a pawn- shop, the 'Lom- bard coat of arms' being shown over its hospitable entrance. It waa thought by the officers of the Court that a pawnbroker in the neighbourhood had, volens aut nqlcns. lent his decorative symbol to the Court facade. On the matter being referred to the Chief Commissioner, he declined the 'two to one' business, and ordered that the intrusive trio of golden balls should be removed. This having been done, the Insolvent Court resumed its former aspect of a place where money was not lent.— Argut. Ebbatuil— In Mr. Tomtdnson's letter, the horsestealer's sentence should be twelve months, not (170 months. Christmas DAY.-ChrUtmai. a* usual, passed -ff very quietly. The day was observed a» u close loliday, and the streets of the city were almost entirely deserted, the lovely weather after the ntense heat of the tarlier pint --I the week nducing great numbers of persons to visit the leaalde, the hills, and the J'ort. The Botanic Jarden attracted several thousands ff the citizens luring the afternoon, whilst (Jlenclg was thronged, tlthough -there was no 'special ati ruction at that ilace, the number of visitors increasing more par* icularly towards evening. Many private picnic -arties went out of town, the hills at MacilT, aitcham, and Brownhill Creek l-cing the avourita places of resort. There waB not iny unusual attraction for pleasinc-seckera at he Port, but, notwithstanding, a conside rable number found their way thither either -y road or rail, and both sailing and pulling boats veto liberally patronised. The Moonla, lying o( he North Ann, was visited by loveral of the riends of the party comprising the Northern1 Territory Expedition. Amidst the enjoyment of Christmas by the general public, tho Inmates of .he Hospital, Lunatic Asylum, and the destitute »or were not forgotten. At these institutions the uual Christmas cheer' was liberally dispensed, the1 joor in the Destitute Asylum beinrf supplied with 1 cask of ale by Messrs. Syme & Siaon, and an ibundauce of fruit by Mrs. WigzelL The soldiers vere regaled with a substantial dinner at the Barracks by their officers, and the prisoner! at the Adelaide Gaol were alto treated to a variation ftom the ordinary bill of fate. - ' - Gun Accident.— An unfortunate accident from, -he use of firearmi occurred on Christmas Day to i young man named Mark Banders, ion of Mr.' Sanders, bootmaker, of Adelaide, whilst going on board the Moonta. As the boat was going along side he proceeded to lift the sail, and in doing to 1 gun which was lying beneath fell and discharged its contents, one of the finger* of his right hand being partly shotofli and the charge lodging la his side. Dr. Peel promptly put off from the Moonta uid rendered assistance, and the sufferer was immediately brought back to the Port in one Df Mr. Bucknall'i boats, and Dr. Uething directed bis removal to the Hospital without delay. On Bnquiry at the Hospital last night we vere informed that several grains of shot had been extracted from his side, but that the injury received was not of a serious natute. , Continuation of Saleb of South-eastern Land.— Both the Mount Gambier papen strongly urge the discontinuance of sales of land in the district until the drainage system is more com plete and the provisions of the new Land Bill are in force. The Watch writes:— 'Among the Crown lands advertised for sale in the Government Gazette is a large number of sections in the Hun- ' dred of Mingbool, and it has not unreasonably excited much surprise here that this should have been the case. The Hundred of Mingbool adjoins the cultivated land, and it has been always regarded as a natural outlet for the farmer when tbe time came for iu being alienated from the Crown. But it was hoped that its sale would be postponed until the new Land Bill was in force, and in now forcing it Into the market tho Government are defeating the wishes of the com munity, and helping to uphold the land monopoly which so unfortunately hedges Mount Gambier in. We understand a memorial is to be got up and dispatched to the Government, praying that the Mingbool land may Us withdrawn till after the passing of the new Land Bill; and we hope tho Government will seethe propriety of conceding the point. The settling of a few down families on the land in question would huve a far more beneficial result than the immediate netting of a few thousands In hard cash.' The Standard says -'Several gentlemen, who have for years interested themselves in the sub stantial progress of this district, have called upon' us to urge a strong remonstrance againit the suicidal policy pursued by tho Government in con*1 tinuing to bring forward land in the South- halt for sale whilst the drainage work* are only par tially carried out. The land on Mingbool Run. which if sold at present will fall into the hands of laud-jobbers only, will greatly improve ih value by the drainage operations, and by that tune our farming population will be better prepared to enter the market.' A corre* srjondent of the latter Uriels1— ' On tha 14th instant, and on the 21st of next month, a large quantity of the land in this district will again be m'ven away to monopolists. The land to be sacri ficed is near Narrncoorte. This is in direct opposi tion to the wishes expressed by all parties in the House. Not an acre can be bought W farmers nt . the present time, as it is of no value to them until the inland district is opened up. Kvery man In the South- Eastern District must know this; 50,000 to 60,000 acres have gone already tliisyenr into the hands of the squatters.*' a he Fine Arts.— We (Border Walcli) havo had' a visit from Captain Hancock, travelling student of ? the Boyal Academy, London, who is making a tour through the Australias, with the view of placing upon canvas such views as he may think worthy of enriching the gullcry of the Institute, and completing his curriculum. We were favoured with an inspection of the paintings of the re* nowned caves upon the plains, one of the «nall ' and the other of the larger entrance, nnd with two - other views of the falls of the Upper and Lower Wannon. We use the word 'paintings' ad visedly, for Captain Hancock, finding that water* colours will not give nor hold the tint* in every ' case, resorts to oils. The paintings ore truthful and artistic betokening a ripe scholar, of whom the Academy may be proud. Duioan, the Busiibanoek. — The Federal : Standard writeB:— 'On Wedneiday the redoubt* able bushranger Duigan passed through Chllteni ' en route tor Albury. At the very name of buih* ? runger our hair began to bristle. We loaded the family musket, and repaired to the Star Hotel, , where his highness and mite were doing their beer. We expected to see a tall, dark, sinister, srucuient fellow, halt hone, half alligator, hung ? round with empty revolvers, and looking as if he had just dined off a baby. We saw instead, i short, slim, pale-faced young man, who might lave been anything from u tailor's apprentice to a . junior Treasury clerk. The fatal top was oil' tho .huuib, and the fatal handcuffs on the hands, but ' in sther respects he left the impression that ho would be more at home at the end of a beer* engine than at the end of a revolver. When wo remember the cloud of flying policemen that . enveloped the great Montgomery to protect him from the horrible Duigan, we scarcely believe that such thing* can be, and 'overcome us like a sum mer cloud without our special wonder/ Why, if the young man were boiled he would scarcely serve as a luncheon fur a New Zealander.' Schools at Mount Gaudier.— The Second In* - Bpector of Schools, Mr. Dewhint, ha* completed his duties in Mount Gambler and ita vicinity.' Fifteen Bchools were visited by him, in which the ' total of scholars present amounted to 542, the total on the books being 708. This we (Mount Uambier ? Standard) are informed is a considerable advance upon the numbers in attendance and on the roll* when he visited the locality in December last. The examination of the masters and mistrcsm ' which we understood was in contemplation, has . not taken place, owing to there not being sufficient time left for completing it prior to the Christmas recess ; but it will be carried out on tbe next vUit of ? the Inspector, which will be paid at no very distant date, of which the teacher* will be duly informed, that they may be prepared for tbe ordeal, ? i A Gold DiMEa'a UuoaT.-The 8t. Aruaud a Mercury (Victoria) gives currency to a itory that : on Messrs. Kasson & Perry's Hopeful Beef tbe ' men nave refused to work by night, owing to the ' ghost-like sounds which are heard proceeding from all parts of the claim. A noise a* of some person scraping a shovel with iron has been frequently ' heard, and no cause for it can be ascertained. 'Didn't Foster no such Feklin'/'-^. Deacon Simes was an austere man. who followed oystering, and was one of the hardshell per* suasion. The deacon 'allu* made it a pint' to tell his customers that the money which he re* ceived for ' isters' did not belong to him. ' Tbe good Father made the istera,' said the deacon. ? and the money is His'n; I'm only a fitooart. They do aay the deacon had a my of getting about ten cent* more on a hundred by hi* peculiar ' method of doing business for somebody else. One Sunday morning the old fellow waa tearing round from house to house with a suspicion* bit of currency in his hand, and more than a suspicion of rage in his face. Some one had giveu him a bad ' fifty cents, and 'he wasn't goin' to meelin'tiU ? that was fixed up.' ' Why. deacon,' said one of his customers, whom he tackled about it, ' what a ? the oddst what need you care? 'tisn't youra, you know; you are only a steward ; it isn't your Iom.' , The deacon shifted his shoulder, walked to the door, unshipped his quid, and aaid, 'Yaas, that1* bo; ' but if you think that I'm agoin' to stand by and ? see the Lord cheated out of fifty cents, you're mi* taken. 1 don't foster no such feehu' 1' How to Catch Rats.— For catching rate in a cheap and effective manner we recommend the ' following:— 'Cover a common barrel with stiff, , a board so that the rat« may have eaiiy access to the top: sprinkle cheeseparings or other feed for the rats on the paper for several day*, until they begin to. believe that they have a right to theft daily rations from this source. Then place in the bottom of the barrel a piece of rock, about six or seven inches high, tilling with water until only enough of it projects above the water for one rat to lodge upon. JSow replace the paper, first cutting a cross in the middle, and the fim rot that come* ' on the barrel top goea through into the water and climbs on the rock. The paper comet bock to place, and the necond rat follows the fint. Then . begins a fight for the possession of the dry place on the Btone, the noise of which attract* the rest, who share the same fate.'— Scientific Farmer. A Russian State A'kisoitbb.— Mi Adroqli, a Bussi'an writer who waa exiled *ome years ago to Siberia, is now contributing to tne 'BevueModerne,' under the title of 'Souvenir* ' de Siberia,' his recollections not only of Siberian, but also of ttussian life. In the number of tbe , 'Bevue' he tells a story, the end of which belong* to the present reign, the beginning to the reign of Paul, of whose period it is strikingly characteristic. The Emperor'H favourite was at that time a young French actress, of whom he was madly jealous, , One evening at a hall he noticed that a young man named Labanoll' was paying her a great deal of attention. He did not lose hi« temper, but at the end of the ball gave orders that Lahanott' should ' be arrested and thrown into the citadel. He only intended to keep him there a few dayB 'to make him more serious,' after which he proposed to re primand him and to appoint him to nn otnee which had been solicited for him. LnlmnuH', however, was forgotten. 'At the death of Nicholas. A.iti»n⁢ 11., then full of magnanimity, liberated all the prisonara in the citadel, without exception. In a vaulted tomb, in which it was imiiosBible to stand upright, and which was nut more thnn two yards Ion', an old man was found, almost bent double, anuincapable of answering when he was spoken to! This was Labanoll'. The Kinpemr J'aiil had been succeeded by the Emperor Alexander ]., ami after wards by the Emperor Nicholas; he had been in the Uungeun more than lifty years. When he waa taken out he could not bear the light, and by a strange phenomenon his movements hod become automatic. Me could hardly hold himBelf up, and . he had become so accustomed to move about within the limits of his narrow cell that he could , not take more than two steps forward without turning round, as though lie hud struck against a wall, and taking two steps backwards, and so on alternately. He lived only a week after ids libera tion.' 