INTERC6lX)NIAL. A Pletboea op Rabbits. — Accounts continue to be rccciv.d fnm the Western district (says the Melbourne Ar$us) of the multitude of labbits, and their destructive i.ioi*risilioe. By the last account*, Mr. Kobcrteon, of CVluc, was (.fated to have eighty-five men at work filling »p the wombat holes and otherwise destroying the bunnies. Tbat f ettler has had, it appears. 148 men at work for the iw-t ltrce months, and expects to require their cervices till ilie end of the year. In the different stations on the Wonnon Hills every means are being used to destroy the poor strtnjrers. Fifteen parties of trappers have been located in ihe locality for come time, each party taking nbcut 300 per week. Dogs, traps, snares, guns, aw .?-mothering have all been tried, and many hundreds of thousands have been destroyed, notwithstanding which the rabbits apparently hold their own, and it is estimated that ihe work of extermination will take years to nccomplish. 'Ihe rabbits are scattered over an area of ten miles from their original burrows on the bills. Kemunekation to Memhees or Parliament. — The Melbourne -4»yitf of 27th ultimo says :— Mr. Duffy'smotion for :i splect committee to inquire into the practice of paying meuibcrg ot Parliament in those places in which the custom prevails waa agreed to in the Legislative Assembly last evening. The hon. member, in moving the resolution, said that England and the Australian colonies were the only countries in which Parliamentary institutions were esta blished in which the members of the Legislature were not remunerated for their services, and he argued tliat not to adopt thut plan in a country where the political constitu tion was formed en such a wide basis as in Victoria was to facilitate corruption of the worst kind. Mr. M'Culloch, in (igreting to the propesition, promised that if the committee we-re unable to imisn their labours before the prorogation of Parliament, he would form them into a commission in order that they might pursue their inquiries during the receB3. The Jones v. Alexander scandal (says the Argus) having been allowed to linger on for the last few weeks, is now to be dealt with in desperate haste The select committee of the Legislative Assembly appointed to inquire into it sat from noon till 10 p.m. yesterday, and it is expected will sit every day, excepting Sunday, till the House meets ogain. The chief witness examined was Mr. Moses Alex seder. Of course, the proceedings arc private, and, indeed, have been veiled with unusual secrecy. The prospectus is before us (A.rgus) of the Commercial CHub, the object of which is stated to be to furnish ' mer cantile men (both wholesale and retail), clerks, commercial travellers, buyers from the provinces, and others, with a suitable place where they can enjoy the usual benefits of a club. Attached will be reading- rooms, a library, smoking and billiard rooms, dining rooms, and sleeping accommoda tion ; in fact, all the usual appurtenances of a well-organised club.' It is proposed to limit the number of members to 600, and that the entrance and annual fees shall be mode rate in amount. A correspondent of the Gipps Land Guardian, writing from W'oodside, expresses surprise that pleuro-pneumonia should be allowed to exist in the district without any efforts being- used by the squatters or the Government to put a stop to itfc ravages. He says he has seen Jflne fat cattle lying dead, and be has good reason to believe [they have died of this disease. He is confirmed in this belief from having lost several pigs, who died from eating) some portions of these cattle. It is curious to see how old social conditions repeat themselves amid new scenes and new circumstances. The following paragraph would appear to come from h paper in a country part of the south of Ireland, instead of from a Victorian journal. It is from the Banner of Belfatt — not an inappropriate source for such a paragraph :— ' A subject that has hitherto been much neglected in this country now claims attention, in consequence of the fatality which attends epidemics in the families of the poor — we allude to the improvement of their dwellings, in many localities in this district, the homes of agricultural labourers are built without any regard to cleanliness or comfort. The earthen floor is usually on a level with the surrounding patch of land, and worn by the traffic of the family below even that level, it becomes a receptacle for storm water, and puddling in the sludge little barefooted creatures may be constantly seen. The ' pig,' if he has not intrce to the dwelling, has his apartment in unpleasant and — in a sanitary point of view— dangerous proximity. In these places we cannot wonder that death reaps a plenteous harvest when epidemics prevail. By a little foresight in constructing these hovels, dry floors at least might be secured, and provision made for the pig-stye at some dis tance from them. We commend the subject to the special attention of our agricultural societies, within whose pro vince we think it fairly comes.' A fatal necident occurred on the Bosebrook Koad on Monday. Two brothers, named Stephen and Peter John f on, butchers, of Koroit, in which town they have resided jbr many years, were riding into Belfast to purchase some cattle. They stopped at the various public-bouses on the load from Koroit, and were both quite intoxicated. When within about a mile of Belfast, Peter Johnson was thrown from his horse and killed on the spot. There appeared to be no longer any likelihood of a salmon being caught in the Derwent or its tributaries this season, as the nets spread for tho purpose had been swept away by the floods which now prevail in the rivers. Sekious Railway Accident at Echpoa.— The Riverina Herald reports that a very serious occurrence took place at the Echuca railway station recently. The 10.30 p.m. train from Sandhurst was approaching the station, and had reached the point at which the departure line diverges from the arrival line, when the engine, fol lowed by i-ixtcen trucks, ran off on to the former. By some means or other the points then closed, leaving the 'seven teenth truck, behind which were a first-class carriage, a second-class carriage, and a van, on the straight run in. The engine-driver (Allen), as soon as the first wheels of his engine were on the departure line, knew that he was going wrong, and instantly reversed the engine, whistling to tiie guard to put down the breaks. This appears to have been done as expeditiously as possible ; but the consequences were that the seventeenth truck was capsized, as was also the first-class carriage ful lowing it— and which was fortunately empty— from the sudden jerk given them on being thrown into the straight line past the divergence by the closing of the points. Mr. Butler, the mail guard, was in the front compartment of the second-class carriage, the right hand corner of which was smashed into splinters by the buffer of the first-class carriage in heeling over. Mr. Butler had a most provi dential escape ; for, had he not been on that side, he cou'd scarcely huve escaped unhurt, and would very probably have been killed. As it was, it was wonderful he was not struck by tome of the numerous splinters which were scattered ovci the very limited compartment he occupied. He was aware, however, that something: was wrong, and «aa looking out of the left-hand window at the mument the accident took place. There were several persons in the other comnartments of tlie eame carriage, many of whom had thrust their heads out of the windows to see what was the matter. Had (hat carriage also turned over, these persons could not have escaped without very serious, and perhaps fatal in juries. This should act as a caution to persons to refrain fcern the very dangerous practice of endeavouring to look uut, as is too commonly the case on any unusual stoppage taking place, or on the approach of a train to a station. Most luckily, on this occasion, no one in the train was at «II hnrt. A phort time since n similar accident occurred at the same points when some trucks were being shunted. This happened, however, in broad daylight and in the presence of several persons, and was occasioned by the pointsman omitting to unfasten one of the coupling-chains connecting tlic shunted trucks with the train. There were two of them, and they were capsized. For this serious neglect the pointsman, Baird, was discharged. We observe that arrangements have been made for keeping the points locked for the future. Intercolonial CoaREsrosDENCE. — It is not bo gen crallv known as it ought to be (says the South Australian lieguin), that intercolonial correspondence can now be earned on by means of twopenny instead of sixpenny sunups — and in the cose at least of Victoria, with equal, and sometimes even greater dispatch. The overland mail for Melbourne closes at the General Post Office, Adelaide, at 7.20 p.m. on Tuesdays, Thursdays, and Saturdays, arriving at its destination on the fourth, day. For all letters thuB posted to any place within tho colony of Victoria a twopenny stamp is sufficient. The overland mail for Ade laide is made up in Melbourne on the same days ; but it closes at 5.30 p.m., and the charge is only twopence. A ettcr posted in South Australiafor any place in New South Wales, and marked 'overland via Melbourne,' must have on it a sixpenny stamp in addition to the twopenny, and such letter will be forwarded from Melbourne by the first eteamer. Correspondence can, however, be carried on be tween South Australia and New South Wales at tho two penny rate by marking the letters ' overland, via Went wortb.' The Wenlworth mail is made up in Adelaide every Thursday morning for the first Northern train, and closes at 6.30. Letters by this route reach Sydney in 11 or 12 days. Newspapers go free by the overland mail to Vic toria, and by the Wentworth mail to New South Wales. Killed nv a Meteor. — The Brisbane Vowritr- of the 25ih August states that several of the vessels just arrived from tho southward report that there was a great deal of electrical atmospheric disturbance on Monday and Tuesday nights, but whether it was tho effect, en- was simply coinci dent with the eclipse, our informants could not say. In one case it. was attended with fatal results, and a man was killed on board the schooner Urania l-y tho explosion of an elictric meteor. Tho vessel was off Crowdy Head on Mon day, August 17- about midnight, when a heavy (south wtsteily Muall came on, and all hands were called to shorten sail; a seaman named H. G. Sales was steering, and at 12-30 a.m. on Tuesday, the IStli, a meteor, like a ball of- fire, fell immediately over the vessel's stc-rn, and exploded with a loud report resembling that of a heavy piece of ordnance. Sparks of fire wore scattered oil about the dock, and tho steersman was killed by the (hock. Every one on b»ard felt a violent shock like that of a galvanic bat1 try, but none of tho crew woro injured except Sales, who was at his last gasp picked up. His body showed no marks, bat appeared to be-blackoned, and some six or seven hours sftor decomposition set in, and the poor fellow was buried over the eide. Ho was a young roan, about three-and-twenry, and a mnart seaman. The fire-ball apparently travelled with tho wind, which was from the south-west, and when it burst the flash was so intensely brilliant that the steward, who was lying in his berth below, declared that he saw the fire through the seams of the deck. Tho cabin at the same moment was filled with smolco, whioh blackened papers lying about. Captain Johnstono informs us thattho discoloration of the paint was like that produced by ' tnioking the ship' with charcoal. A peculiar and ' indescribable smell was perceived' for some time after tuff ? explosion, and a quantity of flakes like tho soot from * ? steamer's funnel were scattered about Captain Milnian, ? of the Lady Young (s.), informs us that os hie but trip ? to Sydney a fire-ball was observed passing ahead of his ? ship, about 1 B,m. on the 17th August. It travelled in a I horizontal direction from north- west to south-oast. Appa- I rently it was so near Ihe ship thai the officer of the watch 1 altered her course to avoid it, when it burst, and for the 1 moment the whole heavens seemed to be in a blaze of light ; 1 and at the same time there was terrific thnnder. Light- a nirg and thunder continued at intervals throughout the ? night -md next day (Tuesday), until about half-past 8 I o'clock, when the weather cleared up. 1 Raiihit* and WoHBAre.— ' In (he neighbourhood of 1 Colac and the Warrioa Hilla (writes tho Geelong Aivcr- 1 tiserj the engrossing topic of conversation and consider*- I tion is exterminating the wild rabbits. Dr. Stodart, who 1 has just returned from his station, has furnished us with I ? the following particulars of his experience : — A paddock of 1 300 ncroR contains 730 wombat-holes, these ho bos hod 1 stopped with stono ; one-fifty of tho rabbits havo broken ] cut again, and at the mouth, of each escape-hole they have j made a rabbit-trap is placed, seven dozen being required, j and a man is employed in attending to them, visiting the 1 traps night and morning, bringing koine the heads. The 1 number of animals thus destroyed has been, from let to I 20th August, 759 rabbits, 43 kangaroo-rats, 20 bondirots, J 13 native cats, and 13 opossums; making: a total of 917 9 bead out of this one paddock alone. On 2500 acres of the ? j Corrunnum estate, it is estimated that there are 900O j wombat holes, so that our readers can form sonic idea of ] the amount cf labour that has t« be performed, and the j expense incurred in destroying them. One small paddock I of 150 acres, Dr. Stodart has let by contract to three mon at I Is. 6d. per hole. It contains 1780 wombat holes °, and as I stone for filling them up wob difficult to procure, he sug- 1 gcsled tho use of wood and brush as a substitute, and this 1 has answered better than anything yet, as out of 500 holes 1 stopped, only four had been reopened, and the rabbits that j had worked their way through had died from exhaustion.' j A Case op Mistaken Identity. — An extraordinary 1 case of mistaken identity has come to our knowledge (says the Argus). About two months ago, a man was found dead or dying in the verandah of a house in Hotham. At the inquest mbsequently held upon the body, a number of per sons testified to its being that of a man named CoUard, some of the witnesses Btating that they had known the deceased ] for a considerable period. A verdict of death from sanguine ous apoplexy was returned, and the friends of the deceased in England wera written to, informing- them of the event. The dny before yesterdny, the man Collord appeared in. Hotham olive, and in his usual health, after some months.* sojourn in the country. The terror of the female members of (he household where he presented himself was extreme until lie had satisfied them he was real flesh and blood, and not a ghost. This seems to have been one of those curious j instances of personal resemblance that are sometimes read ! about in novels or seen upon the stage, but which are (rene- : rally regarded as existing only in the imaginations of fertile story-writers, or ingenious dramatists. The case was re- ' ported to the police yeBterday, as it is of some importance for the genuine CoUard to establish his identity, inasmuch. as he has been in the receipt of an annuity, which of course will have been discontinued on the news of his supposed death. Toll ov Cattle tuoceedinb oveii the Border. — The correspondent of the Pastoral Times at Echuca says , that the wise men of the Common Council there have deter mined on applying (o the Melbourne Government for per mission to put a toll on horses, horned cattle, and sheep passing through Echuca for the Victorian markets. If Euceestful, it will only lead to reprisals on the part of (he Sydney Government. The following is the proposed toll : — Sheep, Id. each ; horses, 8d. ; homed cattle, 3d. (carriages not decided on). Considering (says the Times) that Echuca. people almost live on the gains from the Riverine trade — considering that for twelve years the Victorians poured their untaxed goods over the Murray into the Riverine districts, to the amount of nearly one million sterling annually— considering that the greater part of our wool is carried to Melbourne by the railway from Echuca — this project of the Echuca Borough Council is conclusive evidence of their sagacity ! Fortunately there is a road open to the sea by way of the Murrav's month, and Sydney ?Bsuld do well to push forward forthwith her trunk line to Deniliquin via Wagira Wagga. The Echuca 'straw' in dicates the direction of the adverse winds which by-and-bye we may expect from Victoria. The Murrumburrah Correspondent of the l'ass Courier ?writes on the 29th ultimo:— The most noticeable event I have to record is the starting of tho crushing mill at De niondriUe Creek. The machine was set to work on Tues day evening last, and went off in excellent style ; subse quently it has been kept going with a few intermissions, but it is intended now to work it day and night. This machine is the property of Messrs 'Thomson and Kirk patrick, and is nominally of fifteen-horss power, but able to work to twenty-horse power, having a boiler of that pro portion. The Etroke is two feet eight inches ; there are twelve stampers of between five and six hundredweight each ; and the proprietors reckon upon being able to crush, from a. hundred to one hundred and twenty tons weekly. They have begun upon a lot of stone from No. 1- Louisa reef, und some time next week I shall be able to report the result It is thought there will be better stone produced than that now under the steam ham mers, and in larger quantities — the quantity of stona raised, both at No. 1 Louisa and the prospecting: claim, being anytning but great for the time the claims have been worked. The leaseholders in the ilurrumburrali reef have, I dare say, 150 tons at surface ; and No. 1, in the same reef, have also a fair quantity. The prospecting claim at Dillon's reef 1 hear very favourably spoken of as to tho quality of stone ; they have raised about 80 tons. At no very great distance from the Murrumburrah reef, but nearer the machine on Semondrilte Creek, a promising claim has been recently opened by permission of Mr. Campbell, it being on some of the purchased land of Demcndrille run. The shaft is about 15 feet down, and about 20 tons of etone have been raised. A few specimens of this stone were carefully pulverised in a mortar, and then treated with quicksilver by our clever chemist, Mr. Hodgson. The result was 11 grs. of pure gold from. ??51 oz. of quartz ; or at the rate of 16 oz. 2 dv.18. to the ion. One of course should not build upon the hypothesis that all the stona would give f uch an average, nor that the crushing mill would save ihe fine gold so completely as Mr. Hodgson did; but as the specimens had nothing remarkable in their ap pearance, showing merely a few very fine specs here and i here, there ie every reason to suppose that they were an average sample. But oven better results than the fore going have b'.en obtained from samples of the Murriun kurrah reefs Horn time to time, by Master Charles Dillon, wlio has quite a paspion for quartz crashing in a small way. A f iv tpecimens from Mo. 3 Louisa (or Britannia) reef, crushed in this way the other day, gave a remarkably good prospect. However, if the machine works away at the rate it promises, a few weeks more will settle the value of the various claims. Tho little town at Dcmondrille Creek is looking quite gay and lively. Where twelve months since there was not a solitary hut, are now two public-houses with stores and other erections, and the busy stamp of the crush ing mill making itself heard on all Bides as you approach the place. I understand that a promising reef has been lately opened near Binalong, about | twenty miles from here, end that the prospectors intend bringing some of the Btone to Demondrille to be crushed. It is probable that other reefs along this line of road will avail themselves of this machine, its bring the nearest at hand ; so that with these, and with the quantity of stone already raised in its im mediate neighbourhood, it is likely to have quite as much as it can do. The Cakgi Reef.— A correspondent of tho Orafton Observer, writing on the 27th ultimo from the newly dis covered reef at Cangi, gives the following unmistakable note of warning :— With respect to the so called quartz reef, I am Borry to (iay, and many of yuur readers will bo f.orry to read, that the opinion of all the reefers hero, like my own, is, that it is, in diggers' language, a ' rank duffer.' In fact, there is at present no sign of a reef at all. That a very small leader has been found, I admit, and the produce of gold in quartz, in small quantities, is also indisputable; but the announcement by the prospectors that they had discovered a gold-bearing reef was, to say the least of it, premature; and it is the general opinion here (hat the prospectors themselves now think so. as they have done next to nothing in the way of opening their claim, although provided with overy requisite ior doing eo. To-day they refused the assist ance of holders of other claims, who, for tho sake of settling tho doubt as quickly as possible, offered to work night and day shifts in sinking. This offer would not, I think, have been rejected had they any confidence in the result. However, the diggers, who now muster about a hundred, intend holding a meeting at daylight in the morning-, tu take such steps as thoy may consider necessary under the circumstances, tho result of which I will send you, if possible, by tho bearer of this, who, I hope, will reach you in time to crop the rush which sootns to have set in. It will be a perfect madness to come here, and I hops a telegram slating this fact will be sent to tho SytUey papers without delay. There are many old and experienced, diggers here, who have worked for years ot quartz reefs, and il say it with all confidence') there is not one who. would give a £6 note for the whole of the proepeotora' claims. I am afraid the excitement at present existing in Graf ton has already spread, and will end in sad and serious disappointment to many who, by the telegrams which I hear have appeared in the Sydney papers, may be induced to come to the district. No one. regrets this droumstenca more than,)nyself , but ' Facts are tacts.' Ci-kiko Emu Skikb. — The following recipe is sent f i om a correspondent of the Dubbo JMtpMck ,?— ' The only ructbtd of curing emu skins that I know of is to pound, some slum up, end mix a litflo arsenic with it. Sprinkle it. over the tkin while it i'b green, then double it together and. r. 11 it up for forty-eight hours ; then pee it out on a smooth, board, until dry, in a shade. The arsenic is need to. keep, the insects from destroying ; the alum will do without it. Should the feathers be ruffled, lay a damp cloth over it all niphi, and thru comb them out. I have cured a fov my sdf, and I find this the best, as it makes tho skin soft and pliable, and the feathers do not come out afterwards.' We are, indeed, like people in crowded streets, who, goijag several ways, molest each other with their jp»t liiig oppositions ; or like boys at foot-bail, strirlngto overthrow each other for the ball. But it i« a wonder of divine power and wisdom ttoitall the world is not continually in mortal war. — Roper Bacon. What stone should have teeen placed »t^,?»r' den cf Eden after the expuUion '-Adam aint m (Adamantine). t 