THE LATE MISS HOLLINGFOBD, , Ffbom all the year hound. ? (Continued from oiirjastj .-? That night, however, I laid my plan before Mrs Hollingford, and, after some trouble,- I attained my point. We chbge for bur school-, ' room an unoooiipied ohamber at: the ' end of a: long passage up-staira.; It was furnished with a deal table and chairs,' and a small square of preen earned laid nnnn the ' sanded floor. It had three latticed windows looking westward,, arid one of those odd grates I Have mentioned,; large enough to cook a dinner. We kept it filled with logs, and in the evenings, after we' had drawn the curtains in the' parlor, set the tea-table, and made Mrs Hollingford comfort-: able on the sofa for an. hour's rest, we three! retreated to our schoolroom for a chat in the: firelight. Here John joined ,us when ; lie happened to come home early, and many a; happy hour we passed, four of us sitting round the blazing logs, talking arid 'roasting' apples. We ,told stories^ tales of the outer, world, and legends, of the. country around us. We described places and: people we had seen, and ear fancies about others .we ? had not seen.' John, who , had travelled, was the most fret! quent speaker ; and as I was a wonder ,of /ex-- perierice to his Bister sf just so was he a wonder! tome. We laughed, cried, or listened with breathless silence, all as he willed, while the ? purple and( yellow lingeredin the sky behind I the lattice, arid the moaning of the' wind' through the forlorn fields, the hissing of the roasting apples, and the crackling of the; burning wood,' kept' up Jan. acbompaoiment to his voice. .'. '.,.' ..?' ?..,'%'. ''?'?'????.'.;/,] I-.-: [ There were other evenings, too, when John! was late, and Mopsie1 haying grown tired of, serious talk,' tripped off to hear the lasses: singing Bold Robin Hood in the kitohen. Then Jane used to open her heart to me, and' talk about the troubles of the family. Her! heart was stern and bitter against her father.: ' Well had she said she was proud ; well - had; aer mouier wisnea 10 numoie; ; ner, uinai could be done. She had, -I- believe, a great ? intellect, and she had much personal beauty of ; a grand character. I do not think she/ thought j '? much about the latter, but she felt her ? mental ; powers. , She knew she was fitted to move in i a high sphere, and. chafed against' her fate ;! still more agaiasfthe fate of her brother. I; think I see her,, on her low seat: before i the fire, her hands clasping one knee, her dark head thrown 'back, and her eyes fixed on) the dancing, shadows above the chimney. ! i:*« To' think of John settling 'down to/be' a i farmer!' she said; '? John, who for clever- ! ness might be prime minister. And there is no hope of his getting away from it ; none i whatever.' \ I could riot but 'agree to this, | though, the thought occurred to me that the : ; farm might .not be so pleasant' a - home if ; John had to go away and be prime minister. - All I could say !I said to combat ,heji'r^belliouB ' despondency as to her own future'. '' If you . knew the emptiness arid foolishness of the ; gay world,' I said, in,, a sage manneri ',' you j would bo thankful for our quiet life at; Hillsbro'.'; 'It is not the gay world I think i of,' she said. ' It is the world of thought, ! of genius.' ' Welli Jane,' 'said I,' cheerfully, ; , ?' you may pierce your way to that- yet.' i V No !' she said. ,'*If I had a clean name I woifld try to do it. As it is, I will net'hipld up my head only to be pointed at. But,I; . will not spend my. life at Hillsbro' r moping. I will go away and work, teach, or write, if I can. I saw her eyes beginning to flash, and I did not like these fierce moods for 'Jane. I was turning over a book at the time, and, to divert . her attention, I read; aloud the, name .written ? on the title-page. - M, Mary Hollingfordj' I said. '? Wa3 not Bhe your elder sister ?' Jane started. ' Yes,' she/ paid., ' Whe mentioned her to you ?' ' Your, mother,'1! said, ' used to tell me of her little Mary, who ?was at sohool in France,' I; cannot recollect who told mo of her death. Dp you remember ! ;her ?' ' Oh yes,' said Jane, ' perfectly. We did not lose her till after-^my father went away.' 'I suppose she took the , trouble to heart,'. I said, reflectively; and: then was eorry I . had said it. But Jane; answered, ?'Yes,' readily : then dropped her face. be* tween her hands, arid remained plunged in one pf her motionless fits of abstractien for Vinlf on linni*- ?.'??.'?! ? : : I nevor alluded to this sab j oo t again to Jane, .but one evening, when Mopaie and I were alone together, the child spoke of it herself: «♦ Margery;' she said,' you are holding me now just as sister Mary used to' hold me with both her arms round my waist; when I was a tiny little thing, and she used to play with me :iri our nursery in Lon don.' ' You remember her, then ?' I said. «« Yes,*' said Mopsie. - 'I remember her like u dream. i ' She ' risod to 'coine . home for the holidays, and a handsome -French lady with her, who used to throw up her hands if we had not ribbons in our sleeves arid smart rosettes on pur srio.es. i rememoer.8iscer,Mary in n, preljty white frook trimmed with lace, and Vhor hair curled down to hor waist; I used to think her hair like one of the angels, v; But we never epoak of her now, nor of papa, beoause it pains mother and John., I used to; speak of her to Jane sometimes in the night, justto ask her did aho think sister Mary, waa T thinking of ns in heaven; but Jane used to, get into, such dreadful fits of crying that I grew afraid. I think it is cruel of us all to forget her bbcaase eho is dead.' Arid tears stood in Mopaie's blue eyes. ... But the noxtbalf hour eho was singing like a sky-lark over some housohold tnsk. » ? ????.??;?? :' ' '. ' -''? T. '.''. ?'.i..1'..'-1, . . .. , ':. OHAPXEB IV.' ???': '?? -' '??? ' ? ;-? The winter deoporied. Christmas wao draw ing near, and workmen wore busy sotting tho old hall to rights for tho reception of Mr Mill and his family. John had beon roquoatod to oversoo tho arrangements, for tho placo had boon nnocoupiod for yoars, and there wero many alterations to ' be mado, and rimch' now furnishing to bb done, ! The houookeepor, who had quietly dozed away half her life in two rooms in a corner of the house, now be stirred herself joyfully to open shutters, kindle fires, see to the sweeping and scrubbing, keep her eye upon painters and charwomen, and make ready store of pickles and preserves; for the adornment of her .pantry shelves. \ -This good woman was an old acquaintance of our two girls, their long walks often lead-, ing them across the moor, and through the grounds to the hall,' .'! Mrs Beatty, from, her lonely window, had espied thbir approaoh, and many a winter day had she dosed them with sweets by her fireside, whilo she dried their wot wrappings, and told' them stories .of .the piot'ures in the : dining-room. \ Later, they had discovered the - library,' , a, siiWriy ' i'o'om . dt' the, south '.'side of : the house, Btored with '.an; excellent collection of books, and had gone there to read when it pleased thorn. I, iri my capaoity of governess, encouraged them in; this habit, and at least once a week, we had a 'reading day,' as we called it. Mrs Beatty; knew our day, and had coffee arid a blazing fire;awaiting us. Arid here we had a delioioas time of study, with our books, in our laps,' perched on the steps of the little ? ladder, or buried deep in the recesses, of the, deep^ ? Now, however, the: luxury of our quiet day^ was interfered with.'. Workriien h^^^d about bnr ears, and an 'impertinent odor vof paint annoyed ? us.: We turned1 our reading days into days of general inspection, .and amused ourselves ^vith watching how the dingy corners threw off their cobwebs one after another, and came1 fprtlr into;the light- with clean andi brilliant faces. ' '., It.was pleasant,' 'to' know thail was usefnlto John in those days^ for his mother did not interfere in this affair,; arid he needed a woman's taste to helji^him.J It 'was I who selecte'd the colors for Mrs Kill!s; drawing-room carpet, I- who chose the silk' hangings for Miss Leonard's boudoir; I who: rearranged in' the cabinets , the cufipsitiesl about which no on« but astray mouse or twol had been curious for many years. I knew; well that I did nothing but what' any other! person could do,, yet it pleased me to see how! John overrated my services^ :/ It pleased me: tohear him; desoribe ' to his mother my ^ ex-; quisite taste and skill ;' but it pained irie to see het anxious look from turnip irie.,I,knew: she i feared that he was : getting. to. like me too; well; sometimes with a mixture of fear and joy I thought it myself., I guessed;that his| mother .would rather keep her son by . her side! unwed^— perhaps that he could not afford to, marry.' ' I often longed to ; slip my haridinj hers,. apd.say,''.Benot afraid, I am irue;'; but I could only look straight in her eyes andj be silent^ Arid this thought, perhaps because! Imightnot speak it out and have done with; it,, remamea witn me, ana preyea upon my: mind. (About this time I began to be awake} at' nights; planning how I might show Mrs ; Hollitigforcl'ibh.at.I had no wishto thrust my- 1 self between her and her son. ,' ,? j And so it came: that there arose arrange-! neBB between Johnand me, I did not \yish iti to be sp^ .but .it happened naturally as: a^conse-j quence of all my thinking and' planning; ; / It j grewmpin the inidst of oar pleasant work 'atj the hall, and it.'wastrqublesomei for ii: took! the joyous adornment off every thingi made! handsome1 ? things* ^rigly,'' and :; cbmif6rt-| able'. ' 'thing's ! ' dreary1. ? It ' ': '.. , made '\ '. , , the j snowy laridscape lonelyj anid ,the -red sun: angry. It made me cold and disobliging, the; girls dull, and John proud' arid reserved. Jariej ?Bpok'e of; it to';irie ;:.she' aoid: '«?;What;is-the , matter between you and John ? 'You used to be such' good friends. ' 'Now you hurry down- ; Btairsin the evenirigs,' though yen know he likes our chat round the, sohool-rbom fire. And i when wegoto the :halL yon start early -for 'the j ?purpose of walking ^ home : '. wittibut him.'' r«' Don't be foolish; Jane,', I said, , '.'John and \ t are juBt as good friends as ever. Bnt :you muBt not suppose ^he always ' cares for pur! woinen'8 flatter. ;We must give, him a little | rest soine'tiiries.' ' ','^,.'. '.;?'-'? :: .:?. ?,'??''/.?' / ?.??.?-: ! . Jane was silenced, but not satisfied. ! She I thought I1 was beginning to look down on her brother., The proud lpving heart .would riot brook this, and she, too, .estranged herself from me. The girl was very dear to me, and ; it was a trial. Thus a division grew : up '. amotag8t '. us.1 It ', whb' in; the. bright ' froBty .days. before Christmas, when the fields and; dales were wrappeoin s,npw, wnen tue logs i buriied merrily, and 'thia .'.' cripkets sang,, when ! fairyland was painted on , every. :\window»pane, i when our Buperintendenoo at'thehdll Was over, , when all things there had been, placed in readi- j ness, Oven to the lighting of the fires iri the bedr ; chambers. We had left Mrs Beatty. in posses- j sion o! her domain,1 and in daily' expectation of j an announcement of ' the intended1 arrival of her ' master dnd'miatress. : Things were in this w/iy j when one day a carriage dashed up to the farm i house door, and out stepped Grace Tyrrell ' and her brother Frederick. ,; '.???',] ' Jane' shrank into a corner when I asked. her ?' to accompany me down stairs, murmuring sosde- . thing I would not hear about my ' fine | friends,' But Mopsie smoothed her curly ; locks, and put on her best apron, ana slipped her hand in mine as I went down to the parlor. - Grace was impatiently tripping' about the iropm ? making ; faces at the bare walls, arid laughing ' at .the old fashioned furniture. Shewasolothed in yelyet and f ur, with feathers nodding from her hatL |; She put up her hands, on my shoulr der'^i 'arid eyed me all over oritioally. 'Pray, little qtfakeress,' said she, ' can you tell me what has becpriie; of : my ' friend Margery ?' VyeB,;.', said I,' laughinff, ' Iaqtriolly happ-n to have her about me* ? '? Wnm do you want: with her?' ?'?'??????? .Oaly to ask her what . Bin she has committed that she BhutB herself froirithe world, affirPAfi llflrflftlf fAairin nv\A \\\n*%* *%~A AiMnnnna herself in - saok-cloth ?!' i she replied, tpuohirig my dress, arid trying ; its; fixture ; between ' her finger and thumb, .',...«? W.0; do'ppt jBtarve here,' put in Mopaie, stoutly;: ,„♦- And who are you; little miss?' said Gracd, using a goldi-rimmed eye-gkas, which nearly annihilate, d poor Mopaiel «« No matter^' said the1 little one, scarlet and trembling. 'We are Margery's; friendB,' and vreloveher dearly.' ,','?'.', Ji ' Grace laughedjat the child's; ardbr- as if it were something _very_ funny and original ; but Mopaie, never flinching, held niy hand' all the time. ,' Arid what about the plpughman, dearp'f Gracij went on ; ; ' would it be possible to \ get a sight of him? Yes, do'' go' ;(to Mppaie); -« like a useful little girl; and, see about' gelling ua 8pme;lu.nch. We are staying in the icountry at prosent,- Mareory, and when' you return rit6 London- we' intend to take you'. with, ub.' Mopaie'a ayes dilated dangerously,- butt she ire-1 treated , to the !door at a whisper from me.) M Ff qdbriok,' said Graoe, ' come arid i'help mo; to ,po)Muado Margery.' And Mopaio yari-: iflhod,; '''; '. ' ?? V ? ?'??'- ?. '?'??? 'I I said something about Frederiok Tyrrell boforo, bat I, can hardly describe howoxepa-, sively slim, and elegant, arid effeminate he looked to me that day in particular. His dreas and his manners, amused . me Vjery-^jnuch. While staying with the' Tyrrelis one iof my chief occu pations had been making fun of thia young inanj_ a fact of which I believe he \vas blissfully un conscious. Perhap3 experience had made, him, incredulous as to the indifference any young; lady might feel,, to, -his special favor ; or it might have been conceit ; I will not pretend to decide which. Biit' when he drew near ine, l,m'uririuring (shall I say liapirig ?), ir Oh*,,'do; come » PrftV ^a^e P^y on ns — we'have missed you so dreadfully,' I am sure'he thought he .did/enpugh to make any reasonable ' ypuugj 'woman desire to leave HillsbfoVbri' theiitalarit.; But I ^id not want to. leave ?.Hillsbro1.' I fe'lfc'a; pang of keen pain at the very suggestion, yet: at the' same moment an idea 'came, into m.V mind ; that' -it might be a good thing' that T ' should ieave'it for a time. I hesitated.asked: Grace wheri she'intendedreturriirig.to London,; andj Awhile we we're parleying abont' the iriatter,! Mopsie returned; During the i 'remainder pf the visit the little girl listened ?; earnestly to' every thing we said on the'subject, arid when I parted from my friends at the.gate, leaving it; undecided whether I vehould go vnznjnem to; London or not, Mopsie burst into tears arid; clung to my neck.. 'Dp not go with them, '| Bhe Baid ; ' they cannot love you as we do.'; ?J Mopsio, my pet,' I said,' 'don't bo a little! goose. Neither do I love them as I love you.! If I go away for a time I will be sure to come back.'.. .?:,,...? , .... . , . .' '?.? : ?'??. I Mopsie whispered her fears to Jane, and all that evening Jane kept aloof from me. Myj head ached with trying to think of /what Ij ought to do, and I sat alone: by the schoolroom; hearth in the firelight considering my difficulties,, fighting against my wiahes, arid 'endeavoring in; vain to convince myself that I had no wishes at all. Mopsie came in and lay down:at vay feeti with her face rolled up in my gown ; arid:, so busy, was I that I did riot know, she, waa ?crying. ; John came ia and found her out. He, took : her on his knee and; stroked her as if she had been a kitten. Mopsie would riot be cpm fprted. I felt guiltyj and said nothing. John looked from her to me, wondering.; At last! Mppsie's news'cariie out.' /''Margery's grand! , London friends have been here, and they: want: to take, her ? away.' ''What grand London'; ? friends ?' asked John, looking at me, but talk-; ingto her. ,' Qh, Mr arid Miss Tyrrell, a pretty; lady with long feathers, and ringlets, and' flounces on her dress; and a handsome gentle- j man who said they had missed Margery dread- i fully. And Margery is thinking of. going fcaok, ? to^them.' .::?'..-.?: --???.- i ,?.'??; '-li.' ?:.??'?'??? : ? j j John suddenly stopped stroking her, arid sat; quite still. I felt hirri looking at me earnestly,: and at last I had to look up, which I did; smiling, and saying, 'I did not know Mopsie; cared so much about ma,' Then John kisBed the little girl, arid saidi ' Go down-stairs to ? Jane, dear. I have something particular to say : ? to Margery.' ., ? ' :; ' : ' ' , .; 'V ' ?' . ! .' . I : was ' completely taken by, surprise. He j closed the door upon Mopsie, and came back ; and'reseated himself at the fire;1 He sat ori one [ 'side of the fireplace', arid I' at the other, and the [ flames, danced between us. : He shaded .his: face with his hand and looked across at me ; , and I watched iritently a great tree falling/in thedepthsof a burning.fprest amongthe em- ! bers. 'Is this.true, Margery;' said John, j 'that you are going to leave us, arid to return ! 'toLpadori '?'.' 'I am thinking of it,' I said, !pleasari'tly. '??'?I thought — I. had. hoped you were happy with us,' he said. 'Yes;' I 'said, i 'I have been1 Very happy, but I think I want ;alittie change.' ,,.: , ': - ; .How my heart ached with the effort of nt-, tering that untruth! I knew that I wanted; ?rio' change.' ' 'I do1 riot worider at it,' he said, . ,after a pause. 'We have made a slave of! you. You are tired of it, and you are going away.' He said this bitterly .and .sorrowfully, : shadirig his eyes still ;more; ' with'hi3J hand. ; ?'No, noi' I said* ' you must nob say that. I never was so happy in my( life as I : have been ! here-' ' ; ' -,;?' ?.-?? . , '?; ?_. :::;1,:';.'1; ''''? \ r i'spoke more . eagerly than ?!,- meant to do, and my voice broke a little in ? spite of me. John left his seat; and bent down beside me, so .that he could see my ;facei which could .not escape him. : ''Margery,' said ' he, 'I have Been1 that vou have made yourself' happy, and I have! been sometimes wild enough to.hppe.ihat you would bo ; content to spend : your life amongst us. When ysu came first I ; feared to love you too well, but' your sweet .vfays have beian top maoh for irie. . It , may be ungenerous in me to speak, seeing that Ihave; only to offer you a true love',1 truer maybe than; you wiirmeet in the gay w^rldj a tarnished ! riatriej arid a very humble home. I have debts : to pay* arid a soil to wash off my name ; but Btill, Margery, will you 'be ray wife? With yonr love nothing will be dark or difficult, to me.!'! ??:'..;?:??!; ; ;. ?'?.' ?' ?' - ?? ??? ? ?' . '?-??- ? ? \ . It was very hard. 'My heart was brimiriirig over with, a joyous reply to this appeal ; but , Mrs Hollingford's uneasy face was vividly be fnva mv avaa nll^flia' fima nrtd -T: nnrtlti ?. at\W i 'say, distressedly; 'It cannot ' be, John. It ' 'cannot, cannot be.' ' Why ?'' he asked, al moat sternly, and he rose up and stood before me. 'Tell methat you cannot love me— rtell me that .you/would' rather, save yourself for iriore honor, moreprosperity, and: I will never trouble you again. Were I differently circam- : stdnced I might pleadj but I could not live to ? see you discontented, ashamed. Why, can it not be, Margery ?' I clasped my hands in my lap, « and tried to speak firmly.1 ' For a1 reason that 1 cannot give- to ,y,oii, . ? John . . L ? t 'ua- be ; good friends.' ''Friends!' ho eohoedy bit' : terlv. 'Well! I was wroncr to think of mv own happiness before your worldly advantage. Good-bye, Margery. I am going to London in the morniBg. Perhaps you 'may. be gone before I come back.' ? : !'.,'. : ?' Arid with this he abruptly walked out of the i'oom. But afterwards I sat there an hour, wondering if what had passed so?quickly were true, and I had really refused to be, John Hol: lingford's wife. After tea he left us early, say ing he must start for Hillsbro' at four in the morning. Mopsie fell asleep, and Jane ab Borbed herself in her books. Mrs Hollingford and I held some embroidery in our hands, but my fingers trembled so that the stitches went all wrong. Now arid again, .glancing up, I en countered long troubled looks .from Mrs Hol iinpford. She had seen that something was amiBB between me and John,1 and I guessed that her mind was at work'wit,h fears. , I could ri'ot/bear it; I thought it was not fair after what I had dono. For the first and last time! felt arigry and impatient with tho dear old lady. Would Bho herself, in her own, young days*, have sacrificed, as much ? Jane shut up her books at last, and carried Mopsie off with her to ; bod, and Mra Hollingford and I wero left. Bitting faoipg each othor. [*. Mrs Hoi lingford,' I said, dropping my work with al most a sob, ' don't look at me like that. I cannot bear it, and I do not deserve it.' What made ma say it I cannot think. The moment before I spoke I had no intention of speaking. Mr3 Hollingford dropped her work in dismay. 'My love,' she said, '.'what do you mean ? I do not understand. What do my looks any that you cannot bear ?' ;«'. Oh, Mrs Hollingford,' I said, covering, my , burn ng cheeks with my hands, 'you look 'at' me, and look at me, and I see 'what is iti yoiir 'mind. How can I help it ?'' ' My dear,' said, she, 'is it anything about John ?' ' Yea,' said I, desperately, ''itis'abput John. You think I waut to take him from' you, and I do not, arid.I ? never' will',' and, I have ' told him'sp. I'arii^ going awdy to Loridoh with my friends itlie, Tyrrells, and I will never, trouble'! you any more.'' '; '' ' '' ' . ' ' , I was rather blind by this time, and I was 'not sure of what part of the room I was in ; but Mrs Hollingford had come to my side, and she put her arms round about me and fondled my head on her breast. ' My dear,' she Baid, ' and is this the secret that has made the ?VnnVllrt hnf-.TOO'flTi ' no 9 T riarra\» fVirtnVflif iT.-\n. wanted to take' hiiri from me ; on the 'contrary,; I feared that 'you.'might be too yo'ung to un-i derstand his' worth. I dreaded sorrow arid puf-; f eririg'f or iriy son, nothing else.' ?'.'. My face was hidden in'her motherly einbrace.l I could not speak for some moments, and I thonght' my heavt had stopped beating. Atj last I whispered: 'Oh, Mi-3 Hollingford, I; haye made a great mistake'.' Can it be that you really r—1' '.' Will i^aye you for a daughter ?': slie asked, smiling. ?' Gladly, thankfully, riiyj darling, if it be for your happiness. But you must not ' decide hastily ; / there are, great diaadvaatages which ' you must; consider, and I, as your g'nardiaa and friend, must point them ,. put to you. I must forget riiy son's interests in the faithful discharge of my trust. John has a cloud upon his name.' 'Don't, don't !' I paid, ' if he had a hundred clouds upon his name it would be all the same to me.' 'Then you love him well?' she. said tenderly, sighing and smiling, at; the same time. 'I1 think I 'do,',! said; ' but that is only a misfortune, for you know I| have refused him.' 'Well,' she said, cheer-: fully, ' perhaps it is for the best. You must; go to London with your 'friends, arid teat your; feelincr by absence and the society of others. If ?you remain unattracted by those who arebetter| placed in the world, I think John will try( again, in spite of his pride. I know I shonldj in his place,'1 she said, lifting up my;diaturbedi face, and leoking in it with a half ; 'quizzical! fondness/' '? ? ? ? ? '.' ? ?'' ? I answered by throwing' my arms round her: neck in a long tearfulembrace, and after that1 we Bftt long by the fireside talking the matter over. The consequence was, oddly enough, that I went up-stairs to bed feeling so extremely; sober that, before I laid my head' upon my! pillow, I had begun to doubt whether I caredj for John Hollingford at all. It was riot that I' shrank from what his mother had calledthe! 'sacrifices' I should make ' iri'becoriiiig his1 wife. 'I never even thought of them. : !;I hadj found too much happiness at Hillsbro' Farm to, 'be able to realise their existence. 'Biiti had a| auperatition that I should feel very 'joyf ally | excited at all I had 'learned, that evening;: first, that John really loved mei'arid secoridly,| :that his ;mother ! was ready to' take: me' to' her heart. ? Yet I only felt sobbrei to' the; last degr ae, arid exceedingly afraid of seeing i John again. I heard him driving away from' the door before daybreak, arid £' found my-| self hoping that he might not come back for a i week. , .., ? ; ?'?'?' j The next day I found myself in the same mood. I felt so grave and quiet that I made up my mind thatl could not have that wonder ful' love for John which I believed tobe the dnty of a wife. I thought I had better 'write to Grace, and arrange about going with heritbj London. Then I grew miserable at the thought of leaving the farmland I wished I hadnever ! seen, it. For three days I tormented myself :, thus, and then there came a shock' which! brought: me cruelly to my senses. : . | . . On the fourth day after John had left ns, .1 j was walking up and down the froBty avenue I just as the evening was coming on. The sun was setting redly behind the brown wood, and ' blushing, over the whitened fields and hedge-; rows. A man came up the avenue and pulled ; off his hat as he approached me. I- recognised) in him, an Irish laborer whom I had seen work- \ ing in the gardens at the hall. ' Beg pardon, : .miss |' said he, ' but be you Miss Margery .Dacre ?' , , 'Yes Pat,'.' saidl. , ' This.is afine : evening, is it not ? What do you want withme?' j 'Oh then, a fine evenin' it is ; glory be to1 :God !' said Pat ; 'f but all the same; Mrs Beatty is mortial anxious for you to step over, to : the hall the uoonest minute ye can, ns she has i 8omethin' very sarious to say to ye.' ?? Step ; over to the hall ?' I exclaimed. , ' Do you know what o'clock it is, Pat?' ';Oh yis, '.. mias I' Baid Pat ; ' it's three p'olook, an' the sun low, but niver fear ; 1 ii walk bebind ye ; ivery step o' the way,- on' if as much as a[ hare winks at ye, he'll; rue the day. Mrs : Beatty would ha' come over here to spake to ye, only for fear o' hersel' nt the farm,' said Pat, jerking his thumb in the direction of. the, house. ' G-od keep: sorrow from her; door ; but I'm feared there's thro able, in the ' wind.!'' . ? .. ?':??'? ? . ??: ' . i ;,, I. did not quite understand whether the threatened trouble was for Mrs Beatty or Mrs HjoUingford. I guessed the latter, and. thought ; immediately of the absent husband and father.; I. felt that I could not do better tbn'i obey the; BummonB. . Pat promised to wait, lor iuo ul the gate,, and I hastened into the house to, prepare for my journey'. - ' I am going; for a walk, ' Jane.'f I said, looking in at the school-room door., ' Don't be surprised if I- am , not in : before i dark.' 'VBut, Margqryil' I heard her beBirinmof. .and did not wait to hear anv more. How I racked my brains during, that walk to try and guess the cauBe' of my sudden sum- ', iribris. ^ The only thingi could, think of was that Mr Hollingfprd was in prison. I nevor fancied anything approaching to the truth. Mra Beatty was anxiously watching at the door for my arrival. She had tea waiting for me,, and begari pulling off my bonnet' and boots dt' her fireside. Bat her hands were shaking, arid her eyes red and watering. 'Never inind mo, Mrs Beatty,' I said, imploringly; *' tell me what is the matter.' ' Take a sup of tea nrat, my dear young lady,' said she, '' ill' news is heard soon enough.' 'I won't taste it,' I said, pushing it away. ' Tell mo this instant \' I said, as a dim fear of the truth came across my. brain. ♦? Well, my door,' she said, begin ning to cry outright, ' you see there has been a terrible smash of the coach from London. The horsoa foil cjossiog a bridge, and thocoaoh was overturned into the river ; and they do say everybody was killed or drowned. Aud poor young Mr Hollingford was in tho coach ; and, oh! that I should have to say it; lie's met a cruel death. I sent for you, dear young lady, that you might . break the news gently to his mother; for there's riot a soul inf. the country side dare carry the story to her door, and , they'll maybe be bringing home the bodies.' 'Stop!'' said I. '/Mra. Beatty-^-are you Bare— -— '' '' . . . / ; And the next thing I know was a sensation of coldness and wetness; upon my face,, and a smell of vinegar arid wine, ,arid a sound cif mur muring and crying. / 'f Dear heartj dear heart ! to think of her taking on so !' I beard the good woman saying, and «I crept to my feet, and be gan tying ion, my' bonnet in spite, of hor entreaties, that I would lie still., .' No, no, . I rauat Jget home !' I said, shudder ing. /' Some one else will come and tell her, andit will kill her. Let mo go/at once.!, Let me go !' , At the door iri the froaty dusk Pat was waiting with a horse and gig. 'J was thinkin' ye'd be a bit ataggered by the newB, Miss,' he said, 'an' I put the mare to this ould sliaTtidheradan. It's not y.ery . fit for a lady, bad manners to it ! but it'll be 'better nor the slippery roads undher yer feet.',! , I. do not know how tho drive pasaed. i I re member sayuig once to Pat, ' Are they, quitf, quite sure that Mr Hollingford was— was— ' ' No indeed. Miss,' was the answer, ,'sorva siire at all. They do say ho was in the coaoh, but no one seen him dead, as far as I can hear : tell.' I made the man set me down at the farm gate, and walked up the avenue just as the early moonlight was beginning to light up the frosty world. As I came near the door, I fancied I heard crying and wailing ; but it waa only Mopsie singing in the hall. Behind the parlor window I Baw Jane stepping about briskly in the firelight, arranging the table for tea. All was quiet and peaceful as when I had left the place two hours before. ' CHAPTER V. The children followed me to my room, won dering where I could have been so late. , I said I was tired, and begged them to leave me alone. Then I locked my door, and a solitary hour of ariguiBh passed. The fever of un 'oertainty would not let me weep ; I suffered ' without much sign, but in such a degree as. I had never -dreamed of before. ,,...:'', There was something sp horrible that I ha'd to realise and could riot. . John , killed, cut away from all: reach of our lpvingjand helping. John hurt arid dying, away from, his. home, without one by, to! comfort him, j without his mother's blesBing,' without awliiaper to tell him that I had loved him and' would mourn for him all my- life ! John vanished from the earth : lost to us for ever I Never to, see him , again till my eyes were worn dim, arid riiy hair ! white ; and then perhaps to be as far from him ' as ever 1 The sickly moonlight fell [ about riie with a ghastly peace,1 and the horror of death froze at my heart. Tea-hour arrived, and tlie girls, came and knocked at the door. , I said my head ached, would they bring me soine tea to my bedside ? and thoy went again, and I could groan loud without fear of. being heard. Then Mrs Hollingford cameto, me, question ing me anxiously, and presaing my , burning temples between her cool spftpalms!; and tWe I lay under her hands, crushed with my .cruel secret, I could not tell it. Not that nig hi. When the worst must be' known it would be my place to help theni all in their agony ;. arid was s I 'fit for such :/a' task now? BeaidJBs,, there w^s still a hope, and I clung to itwith wild e,nergy. I pretended to sleep, arid heard, soft atepa about the room, and quieli whispers, and I knew that three loving spirits were watching and gliding about. , By-arid :by, they left me 'for the night, thinking I slept soundly. But I could not Bleep, and I worild not -have slept if I could. When the clock struck five. I :wrapped myself in a cloak, and went put to roam abou,t iiuo uvuiiut), juau iui u .uuuuue. j. wua hull afraid of the ghostly trees, so black against the snow, but I was irioro in' terror of .the melan choly corners ef my own room,' the : solitary light, the dreary ashes in the grate. I walked down to the gate, .'and even ventured out ori the road, hoping to see aome wayfarer coming past who might be able to toll me something of the accident. The, road lay white, and. invit ing before me. I tried to consider how far it might be to the nearest wayside cottage, where I might possibly leavn some news that might break the awful suspense. But my head wa3 confuBed, and I suppose I did not calculate the distance rightly, for after I had walked a mile I could see rid dwelling on . before ; me. The morning was breaking now, anSt the world looked pallid and dreary. Suddenly my strength failed. I felt faint and dizzy,, and sat down upon a heap of atones, drawing my cloak over my face. I remember how my1 thoughts became broken and confused, arid my senses numb. I roused myself once or twice, and said that I would move on in a few moments, but I must rest for a little whilo longer. And so I remained, lost in a sort of stupid dream of trouble, I do not know how long, when the sudden touoh of a hand on my shoulder made me start, and a voice said, ' What is the mat ter with you, my poor woman ?' „ . ' ', It was a man's voice— a familiar voice ; my children, it was the voice of John Hollingford. With a wild cry I flung back the cloak from my face. ' John ! — John !' I . cried, arid grasped him by both hands. There he stood unhurt. ' Ob, thank God I' I cried again, and burst into a fit of weeping, though not a tear had I shed all the while I had pictured him lying dead or dying. . ' I thought I never should have seen your face again except in the coffin I'; I sWbhed in my foolish joy, hardly knswing what I said. ' Margery !' he said, '' am I in my senses ? Is this , all for me ?' 'I cannot help it,!' I said. ';1 ought, but I cannot. Oh, how I have suffered. , No one knows but me. I heard it ' last night, and 1 I ? L 2L l^TI — _ « ? 1 £l 1 ? — 1 ? l.ilt_3 ' ? tft iiupb it uuuuw, uuu iii nun ueaiiy juuuu ine. ' You are JkilUng yourself sitting here in the cold,' said John. ,' You are nearly frozen to death.' He wrapped my cloak round me, and drew my arm through his. ' Who told yori of the acoident ?' he said, 'Mrs Beatty, last night,' I answered. ' Sha might have kept her own counsel till to-day. Several poor fellows have been killed, but many escaped like mvself .junhurt. And so you kept it from my mother, and you grieved for me. Margery, may I ask again that question I asked you the night before I went away ? If it paipa you, iiay nothing.' :«? You may, John,', said I. '« And what will you answer?' said ho. 4l Anything you h'ke,' said I, with a want of dignity, which it shocked ine to think about afterwords. 'And you do not want to go to London ?' he asked. ' Not unless you turn me out of doors,' I said. 'My own, true, brave darling !' he'eaid. And BO we became engaged there upon the snow.. How wonderfully the eua rose that morn. 'ing. How we walked home through Paradise, v forgetting th'at there, was such a thing as suf feriug in the world. How the girls hugged me when they lcuew all. How Mre. Hbllingford1 ; smile'd upon us. And how sweet the' honey and rice- cakes tasted at breakfast. I could not attempt to describe it to you, my dears. It was arranged that, all things considered, we had . better not 'tie married for a year.' ; It is strange how some little simple scenes will remain printed on ,,the memory, when others more important have faded away. I re member wbur gathering round the fire that ? evening; ihe curtains unclosed, the mild moon Bhinb behind the window, the room half black \- shade and half red light, the dear faces, beam- ing rouud. That evening, I wrote my letter to Grace Tyrreil to say that I should, not goto London. That evening, ; also, . 'there'.' came a letter from Mi* HUl' to. John, saying that ho } hoped to arrive at the hall on the. morrow or next day. At tea wo 'talked about Rachel Leonard. , Thinking of her, the scene. at the! party caineviyidly back'-^the occasion on which | ' I had defended Mr Hbllingford so hotly ';;and! also my conversation with Grace Tyrrell on' the subject in tho carriage coming homo. After musing a little while, I said : ', John, are you quite sure that you never met; Miss Leonard when you were abroad ' ''Quite;' said John, ' looking at me curiously. ' Why ; do you ask ine that question so often, Margery?'' , 'Ilaye. I asked it often ?' I said, ./' I don't remember,! but I fancied from her manner that.she knew Bomething about you.' :' It is nob likely,' said John,' for I know nothing ^bout her.' And so this matter dropped. ' ' . ; '?'..'' '' ' ' ? ' ??' ..chapter VI. '.'.'?''] ': John made me promise to go oijttQ meet him: next morning on his return from his early walk across the farm. I remember so well how gladly I sprang from my bed. that morning, how| tedious ', my dressing seemed, and yet how .1; lingered over it at the last, anxious, to make myself more pleasing in the . eyes -which I ..knew wonld be watching for me from the hill.' I remember how in the tenderness of iny-joy, I opened my sash to feed the rbbins, and how; , gay and fair the world looked in iis rpbb of ?white. I remember how Iron, after a little beggar, boy to : give him sixpence, and how j afterwards I -weni along the patti thi-pugii; the -fields singing aloud fpi\merehappinesB, And: yet a little | cloud had already risen put of the | glories of ihe shining East, and was. spreading! and moving toward me. ',''''', ? , ;, *.','.'- John'andl wajjiel home together, side by :Bide, and' we tfflkod the happiest, talk, that ever; was written 'br'.3pplten., The world .was all; radiant, over pur ?. hcais and under; our f(Bet, and; '',we'';' could not see- .'0Y^,n i^e .shadow .of, $6; 'cloud that' .was cpmingicoming, fast as'thei wheels that were : rolling, rolling, towards us; ' froni th'e distance. ^ ' iLpbk ; Margery,' : Vaid; ? John,. ' da ' you Bee.'a. carriage';.. on; ?thW/'i'oa'l'?'; ' I shaded my eyes with my hand; and' Isaw 'the , carriage.' 'I dare say itis the Hills',' I said,i ' aud then we; Fa^e^ °V through ..the ,^tite ' fields and between the bare hedges till w!e; catne but upon the' road which leads avyay abrbss the moor, between Hillsbro' Farm and Hills ' brb' 'Hall. ' There is a spot on this, road which ? you know well, where the, gUbuhd sinks into a hollow, and then .rises in a steep 'abrupt hill, , on the i top' ;bf which any ' .object suddenly ,, ap- pearing' stabds out in -sharp .retififagiiii^'Xlio ( eky, in'the eyo.s' bf the traveller below. . ;We : reapiied the foot of this t hill,' ' John 'and If, we j began:to ascend ;?; I raised my eyeB, aud.Eaw'ji ? figure app ear on 'thb ' brink '. of . the ,hill, a wo'- \ man's figure ! with diaperies fluttering a. little as the petticoats of thomarket women 'flutter when theytiamip the road to Hillsbro'. ,11 3fai8ed iny eyfes again, ,and came face to face with Rachel Leonard. . , . , She was walkmg quickly, pressing, forward, wrapped in a fur mantle, with a Shetland snood drawn found her face. I remember the momentary expression of that face before it changed at sight of us ; the delicate brows knitted as if in pain or aaxiety ; the wide dark eyes intent upon the scenes; opening _ before them ; the scarlet lips parted in fatigue ; the glow ef exercise, wandering over the cheeks. She did not see us at first ; the sun was in her eyes; but I spoke her name aloud, and held out my hand. She started viplently, and all the color flew out of her cheeks,. . She took my hand and held it mechanically^ but her eyes were fixed on John. . I .'looked' at, him in amazement, seeking for some explanation of the. strange' long look in her eyes, and the trembling of her whito lips, only to see both repeated in his face, which had been ruddy and smiling. the minute before.' They stood gazing in one another's oyes; as if. both,. were magnetised, without either advancing a \ hand or attempting a word. . ' An , indescribable chill crept over my heart as I looked at them, and! : drew iny hand from John's ;arm', and turned im- ; patiently away. ' . , :.;-.'? ? Ho did not seem conscious of tho aotipn, but it roused. Rachol. She smiled, and ex- ' tondingher hand, said, with quivering lips, j which she made vain efforts to .compose : ' Mr ! Hollingford, do you not ' remember me ?v. My name is Rachel Leonard.' John's gaze, had never left her face, and he could not but note , the imploring look that came into [ her eyes as ? ]8he said these words. , ' Yos,' he answered, and his voice , shook, though his, face kept a fixed, stern gravity ^ , ' Yes, surely you—Miss \ Leonard.' { At this the sound of. wheels was heard coming up the hill, and with a Budden effort Ractiel changed her manner. 'Here, is the carriage;'' she said. ' I hope, Mr Holling ford, you will not greet Mr and Mrs Hill with that panic-stricken look. You are a great fa vorite with them, and they will be glad to seb: you. ' Pray do not look so , sliockpdi .They will think you have seen a ghost.' . .' Would toGbd I had— rather than have seen you,' ho murmured to' himself, and J. heard him. i ..' .--i;; -?...? ? - ?-. ? ?'??:. ?-? ? ' ? ? 