'• ■''MELBOURNE. \- (from our cobrespondent.1 Fridav Evening . I . There has issued from the Melbourne press a "reprint of a very curious paper, -viz., The London' Times of seventy years ago. It. is just.the size of the Melbourne Evening fttor. The chief news in it is an account of Lord " Nelson's Glorious "Victory over tlieJFrench at the Month of the' Nile." News didn't travel quite so quick then as now, as the battle was fought on the 1st of August, and is only published in London on the 3rd_ of October. "What took two months then only takes two minutes now. There is a theatrical notice headed " Theatre," from which it would . seem there was only one at that time worth mentioning. Our forefathers seem how ever to have been moved as much as we are at present by extra news, as it is stated -"■after the play the -news of Admiral Nelson's glorious victory produced a burst of patriotic exultation. ' Rule • Britania' was lustily called for from every part of the house." " After this, one would have thought it was encored, and so it was; but French was not so much in vogue in those days, and the limes _ says " it was called for and sung a' 1 second time." Philanthropy was then as now a distinguishing feature in our race, as it is said, on the news . becoming known at Lloyd's, "a subscription was" opened for the relief of the widows and orphans of the brave men who perished fighting for their country." The news paragraphs are very scanty, and given inperhapsplainer English than now-a-days. It is stated that at Drury Lane House, "a person in the gallery calling 1 frequently in a boisterous manner for the tune of "Britons strike home," was immediately silenced by the appropriate observation of another at some distance from him—" "Why, d—m it-they have,haven't they?" I suppose nets in those.days were quite the rage amongst the ladies, as chignons are in our day, as the following paragraph indicates" To capti vate is the great object of female .dress, but the fashionables of the present day forget the old adage * in vain is the net spread in the "sights of any bird."' In the matter of travelling, our great-grandfathers had very, curious 'notions,- as ' there are three points of exclamation after the;, following .startling - announcement: —"Among the wonders of the present day, Mrs Siddon's late achievements at Brighton, Bath, and London should not be forgotten: " She positively performed at each of those places within the incredibly short space of 96 hours." The ghost of that writer would be perfectly astounded now-a-days. Seventy years ago is .the time quoted in our Parliament so often about For and Pitt.. This is what the Times says of the former gentleman:—" The Opposi tion papers state that Mr Fox does not mean, to attend his duty in Parliament during the ensuing session. However greatly the talents of this gentleinan may be rated, the want of his counsel has not proved detrimental to the public prosperity. His absence has been auspicious to the pro motion of our national honor and glory." The sports in those days seem to have been of a very unique character, and perhaps some of them might be introduced in the next- Gathering with benefit to the fun if not to the funds. It is reported " The King Queen and all the Princesses with'a number of the nobility went to see the sports, which consisted 'auiongst'other things of a round of beef to be played for at cricket. A cheese to be rolled down a bill—prize to whoever catches it. A pound of tobacco to .be grinned for. - A good-hat to be cudgelled for. Half a guinea for the rider of the ass .who wins th6 best of three heats by coming in last, and several more sports of such a funny nature that Kings and Queen and nobility must have had very different tastes then to what they have now.. Amongst the advertisements there are many curiosities. A house is offered in Oxford street to bankers and others on a lease for forty years, situate in the central part of Oxford street, commanding a view of the;- country, remarkably airy and pleasant, and is presumed to be extremely, well adapted for a banking house. Alto gether the reprint is a' great curiosity. .;; Messrs "Whiteman and Hoffman haTe been ■ "'nominated for Emerald "Hill, and front all accounts I hear there will be close work at the polling booths next "Wed nesday. 