NEWS AND NOTES. A meeting is called for this evening at the Eastern Town-hall, for the purpose of affording to the candi dates for that district an opportunity to " express their views on the questions now at issue." Mr Dyte has announced a " monster meeting" of liis own for the same evening at the Charlie Napier; Mr Humf fray, an ordinary one of his own at the Rainbow hotel, White Flat, and Mr Jones one at the town-hall. We suppose all the meetings, monstrous and otherwise, will be merged in the one at the town-hall. Mr J. B. Humfirav's committee met at the North Grant hotel last night. The large room was crowded, and the several necessary arrangements for the con test were made, so that it might be carried out with Rnirit. Mr Hmqffrav addressed several meetings in the Forest portion of the district aurlng the day. From Warrenheipwe leam that the vote in favor of the candidate was carried without any dissent. Reports from other meetings have not reached us. On Monday, about mid-day, while Mr and Mrs Madden, who keep a dairy at a short distance from Smythesdale, were getting their cattle milked, one of the little boys, a child scarcely three years of age, who had been left in the house with the other children, went to a box in the bedroom and took out a small flask containing gunpowder, and, as is presumed, commenced to ignite the powder in the Sre, when an explosion took place, the flask being blown into frag ments, and the child getting scorched and blistered in seven different places on the face and hands. Fortu nately, the child's eyes are safe, and the blistering is not likely to be attended with a fatal result. In the same box out of which the child took the powder-fla-sk there was another flask much larger, and filled with powder. Mr Madden imagines that had the child happened to have lifted the larger flask, the conse quences would in all probability have been terrible, as, independently of the immediate danger to the child, the building, which is liiglily inflammable, could scarcely have escaped being ignited and consumed. Even as it was, he thinks that only for everything in the cottage being damp through the day being rainy, the house would have been set on fire and burned down. Financial difEculties still harass the Borough Council of Daylesford. Repudiation (saith Tuesday's Mercury) is not congenial to all. Councillor Thomas has in con sequence resigned, to the disgust of less scrupulous councillors. Dishonored acceptances pour in, and the council postpone consideration. The reduction of expenditure and amalgamation of offices is a game of battledore and shuttlecock. Favorite creditors are paid, and others are put off with an assumption of indignation,—their seeking their own is intolerable. Truly the council is in a happy state, and creditably conduct their business, which, by the way, was finished last night in three hours. The Express is informed that the Secretary of the Railway Department has given instructions that the marble monument to the memory of the Lost Chil dren, about to be erected in the Daylesford Cemetery, shall be conveyed from Melbourne to Malmsbury sta tion free of expense. Mr L. Clifford, a miner at tho Lerdcrderg (reports the M. A. Mail), was on the 13tli inst., enjoying his mid-day meal in a bark mia-mia, when a small lizard ran rapidly along liis leg on to liis shoulder. Of this Clifford took little notice, but he observed that his dog showed an unusual degree of excitement. While wondering at the strange conduct of his canine friend he felt a slight blow on the small of his back, and on turning his head ho beheld a monstrous snake in the act of ascending his back in pursuit of the lizard. Mr Clifford soon turned the course of events, and the reptile was made to bite the dust. Snakes are very numerous in tho gullies of the Lerderderg ranges, being seen in small companies of four and six. Quail are pretty plentiful in this district and around Glendaruel (writes our Learmonth correspondent), Mr Morton, in company with Mr Bath and Dr Laurie, having bagged on Monday last thirty brace. This number, they state, might have been doubled had they been in practice. The County Court, Clunes, will he held oa Monday, 2-!th February; the County Court, Creswick, on Tuesday, 25th February; the Court of Minos, Cres- wick, on 26th February. The usual fortnightly meeting of the "Water-Supply Committee, called for Tuesday evening, wag not held, owing to a quorum of members not being in attend ance. The friends of the Rev. A. M. Smith, recently min ister to the Presbyterian congregations at Smythes dale and Scart-dale, and Whose rapidly declining health compelled him,to resigii liis pastoral charge, will doubtlea be gratified to learn that a letter has beeil received from him, from Melbourne, in which he states that he has just returned from Tasmania, and is much stronger and better, and that he expects that the voyage which he is about to make to his native country will restore him. Mr Smith purposes sailing from Adelaide in the Glenormond on 25th February. An adjourned public meeting was held on Saturday evening in the school room, Haddon, for the purpose of nominating managers for the Sago Sill add Camp bell's Gully Goldfields Common. Messrs Bickett and M'Donell, members of the mining board, had signi fied their intention of attending, but they were un avoidably absent. Tho business of the meeting was, however, proceeded with, and Messrs Binder, Fraser, and Pitson were duly nominated. "St. Paul's Christmas Trees" will be held in the large hall of tho Mechanics' Institute to-morrow and Friday evenings, commencing on each occasion at six o'clock. Mr Yerdon made his first appearance before the electors of Emerald Hill on Monday evening, and the Mechanics'Institute there was densely crowded by some thousand persons assembled to hear him. From the first it was plain that a large proportion of those present were opposed to him, nor could his own pro pitiatory language, nor the threats of the chairman to expel those who mads the most disturbance, procure him a tearing after he had spoken soma twenty minutes. After that, Mr Wliitcman, the late member and present constitutional candidate, appeared on the platform and appealed to his supporters to stay their clamor, which they .did, and Mr Verdon was heard to the end, although the wearisome questions put after his speech was concluded exhausted the patience of the people. Upon the vote as to tho fitness of the candidate being taken, a bare three-fifths voted for him, and the remainder held up their hands in his disfavor. Jlr John Whiteman, who-seeks re-election at the hands of- the electors of Emerald Hill, ad dressed a meoting on the same evening, at Yarra Bank, and in a brief speech expressed his views on the questions at issue, and touched upon hia conduct as the, representative of the constituency in the Last Parliament. At the conclusion of his address a vote of confidence in tho candidate was carried unani mously. The Western Borough Council struck a rate on Tues day of one shilling in the pound, the whole payable this month in one sum, and not in two moieties as heretofore. \- The adjourned sports in aid of the local charities will take place to-day, on the Eastern Oval, if the weather be favorable. Mr James Eddy addressed the electors of Fellmon gers at the Fellmonger's hotel, on Tuesday. The room was crowded, and the candidate was most cor dially received. At the conclusion of his address a unanimous vote of confidence in him was passed, on the motion of Mr Hosking, seconded by Mr Shearer. A vote of thanks to the chairman, Mr Bullen, termi nated the proceedings, which were very orderly throughout. Mr Eddy afterwards held a meeting at Dawson's Pennyweight Hill hotel, Mr James Esmond in the chair. After Mr Eddy had explained his poli tical views to the meeting, a vote of confidence in the candidate was unanimously carried, on the motion of Mr R. Dunn, seconded by Mr Langster. A very large meeting of teachers and elder scholars of the Church of England Sunday-school Union was held on Tuesday evening in the Echool of St. Paul's Church. This was the first of a series of meetings for recitations, music, and other intellectual entertain ments, and was under the presidency of Mr John Robson, the superintendent of the St. Paul's school. Mr Robson opened the proceedings with an appropriate address, and the evening was pleasantly occupied with singing, with performances on the piano, and recitations. Mrs W. Little played two new pieces on the piano. Miss Hoffmeister, Miss Evans, and others sang several selections, and the whole affair was one bo agreeable that future re-unions of a similar kind will be looked forward to by all concerned with very pleasurable anticipations. Mr H. J. Wrixon, B.A., barrister-at-law, and minis" tcrial candidate for Belfast, lias addressed tlie electors of that district and the colony generally in a pamphlet entitled " Democracy in Australia," a copy of which has been sent to us. We may say at once that Mr Wrixon is haunted by the ghost of the Collins street swell. He expends a great deal of ink in trying to show that the opposition party does not recognise democracy, and is trying to do something which is opposed to the spirit of the times and of the colony. He says that "the upper classes" thought that "the Assembly was a collection of low, boisterous, levelling fellows; but it was of no great consequence, for they could do nothing without the Council, and the Council would do nothing against Collins street and the clubs." The ghost has " evidently frightened and bewildered Mr Wrixon. Ho has mistaken the gibbering of a few old fogies in Melbourne for the voice of the large mass of conservative democrats, who, like Mr Wrixon himself, do not think that a majority can do just as it pleases, when and how it pleases. He says—" I am not one af those who think that any people, one bit more than any individuals, have a right to do whatever they please; the cry vox populi vox Dei is a falsehood." From this it will be seen that the writer, in reality, belongs to the constitutional party, although he professes to be a Ministerialist at present. I and we are quite sure that he would not so profess had he not been alarmed by the ghost which has been raised by the Ministry to serve its purpose. We need say little more about this pamphlet, as it is based on false premises. It assumes that the party against the Ministry is opposed to democracy, whereas the great bulk of that party—the real workers against, and the only dangerous opponents of the Ministry— are those who recognise democracy in its wisest and fullest sense; who believe in democracy, based on just principles, so that all parties shall have a fair- voice in the business of the country. Mr Wrixon's own words show that he belongs to this party, but they also show that he is imbued with the notion that the Collins street opposition is the oppo sition of the colony. In this he is grievously mis taken. Let him consider the votes already given; let him read the Age which declares that the shilling voters, as they are called, have helped to re turn opposition members; and he will see that it is not democracy which is opposed, but that wild asser tion of power which would make our system of go vernment a faction fight when it was not a grinding tyranny. The pamphlet is tolerably well written, and shows that the writer has expended some thought on the questions before the country, which is much more than we should like to say of many ministerial candidates. Here is a specimen of the manner in which the Ministry seeks to bribe constituencies. Mr Butters, the ministerial candidate for Portland, lias had the candor to say " where support is received by the Government support will be given in return." Be it remembered that Portland is trying to get a trainroad and a breakwater. It would be interesting at the present time to learn whether any despatches were received by the Governor by the last mail. On two occasions, one decidedly memorable, despatches were made public without an hour's delay, but no one can learn whether the Home Government has given any further opinion on our affairs, though we can hardly believe that they have been altogether neglected. A meeting of Mr Gillies' committee was held last evening, at Craig's hotel, when several most satis factory reports were received from persons appointed to canvass the electoral district of Ballarat West. A meeting of the electors of South road, convened by advertised, look place at Northage's Half-way House last night. Pressure on our space compels us to hold over our report till to-morrow. Owners and trainers of horses are reminded that the entries for the Miners' Races will close this even ing, at the Victoria hotel, Armstrong street. The recent rain has greatly improved the course which had become much too hard, owing to the long con tinued dry weather. The race days are Friday and Saturday next. Mr C. E. Jones, addressed a large meeting.of elec tors last night at the Red Bull hotel, Humffray street, Mr Russell in the chair. The chairman spoke briefly in the candidate's favor, and after Mr Jones had ad dressod the meeting upon the leading topics now before the electors, a vote of confidence was all but unanimously carried in the candidate's favor, only three hands being held up against the motion. Mr Legge will exhibit the powers of his patent rein on the Eastern Oval at noon to-day. Mr Legge tried it yesterday with a hard mouthed horse, the property of Mr Brayton, and was quite successful. At the half-yearly meeting of the members of the Carngham Mechanics' Institute, held on 11th Feb ruary, Surgeon Nason in the chair, Mr Philip Russell, J. P., was reappointed president; Messrs AV. L. A. Elston, and J. CroWther, vice-presidents; Mr Car penter, secretary; Mr Elston, treasurer; and Messrs H. Parker, W. Bolam, J. Christie, W. Weatherilt, J. Menagh, J. Gill, Swallow, Franklin, and Nason, mem bers of committee. Messrs Oddie and Co. have offered three sites to the Borough Council of Ballarat West for a general market. One is at the north-west corner of Sturt and Lyons streets, one at the south-east corner of Sturt and Errard streets, and the other is the Wesleyan re serve in t Lydiard street. Particulars as to area and prices w'ill be found in our report. The council has decided to advertise for offers of site3. Mr Power, of Smythesdale, had a fine mare in a paddock belonging to Mr D. T. Perrott, Searsdale, and on Saturday night or Sunday morning the ani mal's leg was broken, supposed to havo been done maliciously. The mare, which was of an excellent breed, had to be shot on Sunday. Litigation and jumping ciainis proceed as actively as ever at Ghin Ghin. A third party of claimants to the highly-prized prospecting claim is in the field, and is said to be 300 strong. An injunction has been ob tained against them by the original holders, and ten troopers, afterwards reinforced by twenty constables from town, were sent to give effect to the injunction. This was the state of matters at the date of latest news. His Excellency Sir George Bowen landed at Well ington on the fitli inst., and assumed the reins of the government of New Zealand. Ho was extremely well received. Scarlet fever has made its appearance in a virulent form in some parts of the St. Arnaud district. A week ago a mother and her two children, living at Avoca Forest Station, were attacked, and three or four days afterwards the children both died, and the mother was taken to the hospital in a delirious state. The Argus says that as electioneering affairs are not expected to take a peaceable turn at Kilmore on Thursday, a large body of police, under the charge of Inspector Beaver, will leave Melbourne in time to put in an appearancc at the various polling-booths in the district. The out-lying police are also to be concen trated in the township. On Monday forty-fivo petitions were filed against the Quoen by civil servants, in various departments of the service. • The meetings of tho Balhntfshiro CouacU w former years were noted for their punctuality, and ita pro ceedings marked for their business-like character. Times now have, however, degenerated,' and • though the members cf the council may have assembled at the appointed hour, they prefer first- holding a gossiping political discussion to at onco going to business. By laws have become as mere bywords, for any member is allowed to speak to any question as many times as he can get the chance, and the consequenco is that the meetings are unnecessarily prolonged, and partake in n great measure of-the Bungaree element. This state of things was noticeable at the meeting held on Mon day last. First of all, Councillor Nicholson initiated a discussion relative to a report of the Learmonth Royal Reception Committee, which ho designated as false, simply because he was made to appear as a seconder of a certain resolution instead of the sup porter. Secondly, Sir Bankin, senior, was allowed to take up the council's time in detailing a host of alleged grievances arising out of a notico given him by the council to remove his dung-heaps from off the public road, and would havo kept the council sitting till dark, had not the president, after a patient hearing, and with some difficulty, put a stop to liis loquacity. Then again, after a good half-hour's discussion on the apportionment of the revenue to the respective ridings and main roads, and a motion and an amendment had been submitted, it was discovered that no action could be taken in the matter until a resolution entered on the minutes had been rescinded. Furthermore, just as the proceedings appeared likely to terminate, three or four deputations were introduced, and more time -svas taken up in ascertaining the nature of their busi ness. In many shire councils a rule is laid down that deputations must give the secretary three days' notice of their intention to attend the meeting, and' state the purport of such deputation. This rule it would bo well for the Ballaratshire Council to adopt, as it would facilitate business, and save many a deputy a second run on tlio same errand. Other slight matters, of reform, and a due observance of the bylaws, would restore the council to its former recognised position, and save it from becoming, as Councillor Nicholson observed at the meeting on Monday, what the Ballarat Borough Council had been endeavoring to make it appear—a nonentity. The Western Council has been asked by a delega tion from the Hand and Band, Inkermann and Dur ham, and other companies, to permit the construction of the sludge channel from the Victoria Parade to the Redan, the council to pay one- seventh of the cost, es timated at £210. The council has consented provi sionally. A shipment of salt beef, prepared at Town Marie, Queensland, and sent home per Woolloomoolloo from Sydney, in August last, was sold in London at the rate of £0 per tierce, a figure equal to that given for prime American beef. This fact shows that Australian beef is beginning to be appreciated in England. The Theatre Royal last night was as poorly attended 03 wo have ever seen it, and the wonder is that the manager had the curtain raised before so thin an audience. However, the curtain was raised, and the players went on with their work, with that marvellous heroism which only theatrical people can display under such very wet ■ blankets. As Mls3 Cooper, Mr Simmonds, Mr Harding, and other capable players were engaged in the several pieces, it is hardly neces sary to say that there was a good deal really worth seeing and hearing, and the pity is that a larger patronage was not given to the entertainment. 