Victoria. BELL CASTING AT BALLARAT. At Ballarat, on Monday, the casting of a large bell for the Free Church of England attracted to Mr. Higgins's foundry a large number of ladies and gentlemen to witness the process. The Ballarat Star gives the following sketch of the scene : — 'When the proper time came, the operators threw into the furnace some 3 cwt or so of metal, consisting of old brass engine-fittings and blocks of copper and tin. More fuel was heaped on, the air-drum hummed and buzzed more vigorously, and as the sulphurous flames emitted more and more brilliance the faces of the spectators were lit up with a ghastly hue, as if they belonged to a crowd of ghosts huddling together to see a weird scene on the verge of Pandemonium. Presently, after the Chief ministers in the rite had poked and probed vertically and horizontally into the hissing furnace, the metal was pronounced ready for the flow. Then the iron ladle was set beneath the bottom of the furnace, and the molten fluid rushed out, hissing, sputtering, glowing, bright, with leaping flumes of blue that seemed to bite spitefully at the iron rod with which one of Vulcan's men skimmed off the dross which floated on the surface. At this moment Mrs Wilson, who had collected a lot of silver coins from the company, threw them into the heaving metal, and thus contributed, let us hope, a silvery sweetness to the bell which is by-and- by to call worshippers to the church. The metal was then poured into the mould, and the whole process declared to be safely completed. Subsequently a smaller bell was cast, tbe process being in all respects similar to the larger affair. When the casting of the church bell was done, the Rev. Mr. Trevor, surrounded by the spectators, approached the mould and said, — I pronounce this bell dedicated to the worship of God, by the name of St. David, in tbe name of the Father the Son and the Holy Ghost ; Amen.' Cheers, hearty and repeated, were then given for the founder, and the ceremony was over, save that there was an ad journment to Mr. Higgins's private house hard by, where temperate liba tions were poured in further honor of the event of the day. The St David bell is the largest ever cast in Ballarat for Church purposes, its weight being a little over 2 cwt, and its dimensions 26¾ inches at bottom, with a height of 23 inches. The smaller bell cast at the same time weighed about half cwt. The next largest bell cast here for church use is that of St Peter's, in Sturt-street, which weighs about 120 lb, and was cast nearly two years ago at the Victoria Foundry, by Messrs Hunt and Opie. The same firm cast the largest bell yet made here, namely, the bell cast six or seven years ago for the Ballarat Fire Brigade, which weighed between 5 and 6 cwt. Mr. Higgins, the caster of the St. David bell, is also the generous donor of the bell to the church, of which he is an active member and a liberal supporter. He bears all the expense of the process, and makes the bell a free gift to the church.' SPLENDID 6H0W OF GOLD.' ' The finest show of gold ever exhi bited in Inglewood, or, indeed, In any town in the colony, not excepting Bal larat,' remaiks the Inglewood Adver tiser, ' was to be seen in the window of the Bank of New South Wales on Saturday. It consisted of 102 loz. 12dwt., all in nugguls, obtained at the new rush, Berlin, and included one nugget weighing 22-joz., and anotbe weighing 175oz. On Monday a mag nificent addition was made to tbi splendid sample of tbe auriferous lichee of Berlin, in the shape of ano her num ber of nuggets weighing in tbe aggre gate 480oz , one piece alone weighing 286oz., thus making the weight of the whole collection now on view at tbe bank over 1500iz. The whole of this gold has been raised and purchased in the short space of five weeks, a circum stance unparalleled in tbe history ot alluvial gold mining, and, what is very remarkable, not an ounce ul it wn* procured by washing or crushing. But even this fine collection ol nuggets doe npt give anything lik.i the whole amount of gold obtained since t.b« opening of ths new field. Mr. P. Roy, Storekeeper, of Kingow.-r, a large pur chaser of gold, personally knows of no less than 209doz. having I'een got in nuggets, weighing over an ounce, an 1 the quantity obtained in pieces smaller than an ounce must be considerable. A nugget weighing C2uz. was obtained to-day by two Inglewood men named flelson and Bly, jun., anu one uy -ir Bishop, of Kingower, weighing 12m , both in Clelnud'* Gully. Mr. Itiley, ol Kingower, also obtained one weighing about 12oz in Fortunate Gully. A THREE-DECKER PLOUGH. ' yesterday,' says the Grenville Ad vocate, 'we inspected an elaborately made plough, which is made to turn three furrows at one time. The maker is Mr. C. Lutze, Smytbesdale, and is entered for the great prize at the forth coming show at Ballarat. The maker states that the saving to the farmer is per day the labour of two men and two horses and a day's work is estimated to be four acres ; it will take three horses to work it in old ground, and four horses in new ground, and a boy of fourteen years ol age can work it. We understand that there is something of the kind in New Zealand, but one great improvement in the local one is an in Tmtio'n ibst will enable tbe ploughman W'vibtiL'U 'at ''a short or long torn. The depth of the furrow is regulated as may lie required by fittings expressly made for that purpose. THE TAYLOR 6CANDAL. The Age of Saturday says: — Whatever may be the result of the ecclesiastical, legal, or other in quiries to be made into the extra ordinary conduct of 'the Reverend James Tavlor,' the scandal continues to be a source of pain and anxiety to members of all denominations,be cause it affects not merely the Baptists, but religion itself. It is understood that Mr Taylor has been formally cited before the church on Monday evening, when he may be confronted with the lady so unhappily involved in the matter, and have an opportunity for explanation or ex culpation, if that be within the range of possibility. To prove this may appear like trifling, since so much has already been accepted as proved against the accused, yet allowance should be made for the feelings of those who have known and trusted Mr Taylor as friend and pastor for so many years, and who naturally hold out as long as they can against believing what is sure to destroy their trust in every other human being for the future. What renders the complication still more incompre hensible is the fact that the lady re ferred to in Mr Taylor's confession, and charged in that document with being more guilty than himself, absolutely and solemnly repudiates the charge, stating that indeed Mr Taylor had mad improper overtures but that she had indignantly repell ed them, and apprised her husband of his conduct. It does not yet ap pear how suspicion was was first directed against Mr Taylor. Some say he was suspected for a consider able lime; others state that the deacons were impelled to put him to the question in consequence of re velations made by a lady member of the congregation, when she was sup posed nearly on her death bed. It has been positively stated that the trustees are in possession of a statu tory declaration from another lady to the effect that when her husband died not long ago, Mr Taylor visit ed her for the ostensible ol-ject of condolence, but that he had the in credible wickedness to attempt im proper liberties witb her during the interview. She indignantly drove him out of the houee, and would have promptly exposed him, but that she was induced to reserve her disclosures on his abject repentance, ami in order to prevent the scandal sure to ensue. These statements are made very positively, yet they may or may not be true. What if, after all, it does not really turn out to be a case of female rivalry arj'l jealousy for the pastor's friend ship (calculated apart from im morality ot thought or deed ) on the one side, and of mental hallucination on tbe other — a case, not for an ecclesiastical court but a commission de lunatico inquir endo. Dark as appearances have been hitherto, who can say that such a solution ol the mystery is impos sible ? It was rumored in the city yesterday that Mr Taylor had pro ceeded to Tasmania, but this is not the case ; although, ot course, after what has passed, the unfortunate man cannot remain in the colony. VVe observe that his name has been removed from the slab in front of Collins-street Chapel. The Argus of Monday adds: — The adjourned meeting of the mem bers of ihe 'Collins street Baptist Church,' to consider the questions arising out of what is known as the ' Taylor scandal,' was held last night As on previous occasions, the ut most care was taken to prevent the presence of a newspaper reporter, and we are consequently indebted to some who were there, and have been good enough to respond to our inquiries, ior an account of what took place. Taken together, the various relations amount to the fol lowing narrative : — There were 200 persons of both sexes present, and, as at last meet ing, Mr Bla'kwell was appointed chairman. Before proceeding to the expected business, a motion wai made and seconded to the effect 'tint the chairman be requested to draw up, at the conclusion of the meeting, an official account' of what transpired, and send it to each of the daily journals. A lively dis cussion ensued, during which two objections to the proposed course were pointed out. The first was, that legal advice had been obtained to the effect that the proceeuings of the church— no strangers being admitted —were 'privileged,' and that no action for libel could be brought on their account ; and the second objection was, that such a course would be completely subver sive of the rules of church govern ment hitherto observed. The mo tion was put and rejected by a large majority. The meeting then pro ceeded to the 'Taylor business,' and the chairman called upon the com mittee appointed to wait upon the lady named at the last meeting and ask if she were guilty of the charges brought against her, to report upon what answer they had received. The chairman of the committee stated that they had first asked the husband of the lady for an inter view with his wife, and that the husband had replied that any state ment or charges put into writing should be promptly replied to, also in writing, but that till such a docu ment were furnished no interview would be allowed. The committee had, therefore, nothing to commu nicate. The husband of the lady concerned then rose. He said that as no charge against his wife had yet been made specifically in writ ing, he had declined the proposition to allow the committee an interview with his wife, but he was then and there prepared to read a statutory declaration made by his wife before a justice of the peace, to the effect that she was innocent of what it was generally understood she stood ac cused. Another short debate fol lowed, after which it was carried, almost unanimously, 'that any com munication from either the husband or the wife concerned must be made to the church through the committee appointed to investigate the affair The next motion was, that two additional members be placed on the last-mentioned committee, which was carried Next it was moved and seconded that the secretary of the church be instructed to place in writing and send to the lady in question a statement oi the charges in existence against her. An amendment was moved to the effect that the whole matter be left in the hands of the committee, who were requested to report to a meeting of the church to be held that day week. The amendment was event ually carried. This ended the main portion of the business to be considered. The next question was as to the propriety of sending an invitation to the Rev. John Landells, of Regent's Park Chapel, London, to come to Victoria to take charge of the church. In the de bate which followed, it transpired that the trust-deed prevented the adoption of any such course without ten days' notice. The notice was then given, and the question held over till next Thursday week. The last subject to be dealt with was the motion, of which due notice had been given. viz : — ' That the resolu adopted at a meeting of the church held on 21st September last, ac cepting Mr Taylor's resignation, be rescinded, and that he, having been shown by his own confession to be guilty of gross immorality, extend ing over a series of years, be ex pelled from the church.' A techni cal point was raised, that this was a notice of motion for the next meeting of the church, whereas the present was only an adjourned meeting. This extraordinary ob jection was allowed, and the motion was consequently waived for the present. The meeting then closed. THE TAYLOR SCANDAL. To the Editor of tlui Argus. Sir, — You are aware that tbe report published in your paper of Tuesday last of the meeting held at the Baptist Church, Collins-street, differed materi ally from that which appeared in each of the other morning papers, and I therefore determined, on behalf of my friend Mr Gibbs, to use such means as I thought would place me in possession of the exact allegation said to have been made involving a lady by name in this horrible scandal. It is not to be wondered at that the reports which appeared, no doubt given from memory, should so materially differ, as the Press was so carefully ex cluded on the occasion ; and fearing, as I do, that the ' deacons' may again indulge in their narrow-minded policy ot excluding the Press, I send you for publication the result of tbe steps I have taken to get at the exact allegation made against the lady in question. first, I endeavoured to see Mr. Taylor, and for that purpose called at his bouse, where I was informed he had left for the country, by tbe advice of Dr. Fisher and Dr. Fulton ; but on my asking for his address it was relused me. About an hour afterwards, a relative ol Mr. Tayor, whom I had not previously known, sent a message to me, upon which I met him, and on being asked by him lor what purpose I warned to see Mr. Taylor, I explained, and gave him in writing two questions, to the following effect : — 'No. 1— Did you disclose to Mr. M'Farlane and Mr. Hetherington, or whoever else formed the committee to visit you, the name of Mrs. ? , or directly or indirectly mention to them her name as that of the person with whom you committed adultery ? '? No. 2. — Did you, or did you not, in fact, have criminal intercourse with Mrs ? r' I give the above from a note made from memory immediately after the in terview referred to, as I kept no copy of what I wrote. About nine o'clock in the evening of the same day I received from Mr Taylor a letter, of which the following is a true copy : — ' To Mr. Wisewould. ' Dear Sir,— I am very sorry that I cannot give an answer to your questions. I must decline saying anything further. The whole matter is to me crushing and painful in the extreme. While bearing reproach and suffering alone it did not matter, but tbe knowledge of others suffering overwhelms me. The evil done I deplore, but cannot remedy. ' I am respectfully yours, ' James Taylor. ' October 31, 1868.' Having thus failed in obtaining any exact allegation or statement from Mr. Taylor, I communicated with Mr. M'Farlane and Mr. Hetheiington, who, I presume, from their having been ap pointed by the church to elicit from Mr. Taylor the exact truth in such a diffioult and delicate matter, are men of superior ability, speaking, of course, relatively as to the average intellect of the male members of the church, and, accordingly, I wrote to each of them the following letter : — ' Gentlemen,— On the other side I beg to send you two questions, put by me to Mr. Taylor through a relative of his, and also a copy of he acknowledg ment of such questions by him, which you see is no reply thereto. Having thus failed to obtain from him a definite statement, you will, on behalf of my friend and partner Mr. Gibbs, oblige by sending to me tbe statement made by Mr. Taylor to you. ' The newspaper reports differ so much, owing, as I think, to tbe ill judged exclusion of the Press, that I rely on your kindly compliance, in order that the charge (if any) may be met as specifically as it was made (it made at all.) ' Yours truly, 'Jambs Wisewould. ' October 22.' By this means I hoped to have had placed at the disposal of the lady and her friends the precise statement, so ihat she would be left without excuse if she failed to answer it in the fullest and most satisfactory manner, and I did not for one moment think they would hesitate to give tbe particulars sought to the person, next to Mr. Taylor, the most intimately concerned therein, espe cially when they were no longer acting up to their promised secresy, but had reported what they had heard to the lay assembly in the church. To the above letter, however, I re ceived only the following replies : — ' Miller-street, West Melbourne! ' Oct, 23, 1868. ' Sir, — I beg to acknowledge the receipt of your tovaure (sic) of October 22nd, to which I Make no reply. ' I am yours respectfully, ' Yours (sk), 'Thos. M'Farlane. ' To Mr. Wisewould.' ' 8, Collins-street, ' Oct. 23, 1868 'J. Wke»*»uld, Esq. ' Sir, — I beg to acknowledge receipt of yours ol 22nd inst., to which I make no reply. ' I am, Sir, ' Yours respectfully, 'Charles Hetherington.' These persons, called ' deacons,' appear, therefore. Sir, in this position — they said they had received a statement from Mr. Taylor upon a solemn promise from them that they would not divulge it, and so binding did they consider their promise that at the church meet ing on the Monday night referred to notwithstanding that such statement was demanded of them they refused to divulge it, and a deputation was ap pointed by the meeting to go and see Mr. Taylor, and to obtain from him a release from such promise. The depu tation accordingly waited upon him, and on their return reported that he refused to release the deacons from their promise. The deacons thereupon per sisted in withholding the statement, and so honourably did they act up to their promise, so solemnly given, that they yielded at last to the inexorable demands of the church, and to the inferior intellects who reminded them that they were the servants of the church, and who were led on by tbe furious clamour of a person who was more noisy and unjust even than the rest, and whose name is mentioned in your report. The statement was thus extracted at a time when, instead of the persons composing the meeting acting with that calmness, charity, and sorrowful deliberation which the case demanded of them, they were in the heat and pas sion of a disorderly and ill conducted assembly, bandying words with one another which, as your report says, were not usually heard in such a place. under such circumstances could not but be variously reported in the three jour nals; and in the absence of the repre sentatives of the press, it was impossible that a reliable and correct report could be given. I write perhaps warmly, Sir, but I feel indignant that the women and boys and girls of which the meeting vas composed—for I assume there was not a man among them, or else surely one uncowardly spirit must have been found to have demanded the justice of first hearing the woman's story before she was condemned and cited to tbe next meeting to receive ber sentence — should have proceeded to extremities. My reasons are very obvious for the means I have adopted to arrive at the specific accusation affecting the charac ter of the lady in question; but having failed in my attempt through the das tardly conduot of the deacons and of Mr. Taylor, I am led to infer that from a mass of base and oowardly insinua tions, Mrs. — — — is charged with having had criminal intercourse with Mr James Taylor. You, Sir, and all fair-thinking read ers, will be able to imagine with what a ' crushed spirit' that woman, at tbe peremptory instance of her faithful friends, oomes forward with a distinct and specific denial to the false state ment by Mr. Taylor, if made, or to the false assumption of her ' Christian' brothers and sisters, who, if they were characterised by but one spark of the spirit they profess would consider her hitherrto well-Known character their property, and guard it, and help her to do so, as dearly as their own, until it were ' crushed and broken' by indu bitable evidence. Again, I say that perhaps I write warmly, but who ought not in defence of tbe character of a woman thus as sailed ? The following is a copy of the decla ration made by Mrs. ? , from the publication ot which she shrinks ; but justice to others, as well as to her self, demands that the denial should be as public as the foul slander has been :- 