THE TOWN. ? ; - ? ifi ? ' ::.--?-. ' APublic Meeting will be iield in thePores ters' Hall, Preston, on Monday evening, to take, steps for securing to the district contiguous to the Yan Yean traiuroad a1 participation in the soheme of railway communication. . The, tender of Mr Enoch Chambers has been accepted for the: erection of a'tarik and engine in the Botanical Gardens, for the purpose of ? ef the gardens.' ' The price is. £59 10a. A meeting of thePilot Board; wob held Thurs day, to' inquire into the .cause of the striking of the ship Empress of the Seas whilst enter ing, the. Bip on the . 5th .November, under the. charge of pilot Singleton.1 . The sitting1 w,as, however, adjourned until Monday, next.';, '. James W. Swords, in a je'tter.tb tbeKyiieton . Observer, says :— ' I knew the late Mr Pyteiri Ireland, . and I have enjoyed an intimate ao quaintarice with him in Viotoria ior twenty eight years. I am, therefore,; anxious, to set the public .right with regard to his antecedents. The sketches of . his life, as published in the, metropolitan journals, are inaccurate. Provided I obtain .permission from Mrs Kyte,, I shall furnish, a ; full history , of hia eventful life. My deceased friend had a few faults, but . his virtues, were numerous. His death will be felt by hundreds in Australia, who were the re cipients of his bounty, and many hearths in his native town will be desolate on next ChriatmaB Day, owing to the non-arrival of his accustomed remittance to relieve the orphan and cheer. the widow.'. ','.?' ' /.'../. ?? . , * ;. .,'.?/., ?. A corr of George Francis, Train's paper has been sent to us. It is characteristically de signated Train's Extra, It consists of a_ single sheet, printed on one side, and exhibits the contents by an array of Bensational cross headings in the Btyle of American journals. One of these headings runs thus : — ?' Epigram on the Bloody Bankrupt British PresB.' The language of the so-called epigram is too bout- ? rilous and foul to be reprinted; but some idea, of it, may be got from a sort of preface in prose, which runs thus : — ' For onoe England has met her match in, a man she cannot toady, bully, frighten, bribe or swindle ; who under stands her rotten army, navy,, church, aristo ordoy, banks and Christian society ; , and who, before he dies, will Bquare off some old. ac counts as sure as there is a God of justice.'? ; ? Justices of tho Peaoe who have received cir culars from the ofiloo of the Minister of Justice asking for information which maybe made use of in carrying out the intention to localise the exorcise by magistrates of their functions, will do well to bear in mind that if they negleot to comply with the request they will be in danger of being excluded, from the. new commission. There is no intention to exclude any gentleman on political grounds, but it is evident that if the required informa tion bo withheld, the department can take no official cognisance of the existence of gentle men who negloct their own affairs as well as their publio duties. When tho new arrange ment is carried out the only magistrates whose exerciso of their functions will bo unrestricted will be tho Executive Councillors. This will bo in accordance with tho English practice. Mqnday being a gazetted holiday, rthe Government ships in the Bay were gaily decked out with flags from morn till eve. The children belonging to the . Orphan. Asylum, were taken, for 'atrip ito H;M.S.;Nelson, in the afternoon,; ; four watermen's boats gratuitously carrying ' them from Sahdridge arid back. These boats . were the| Red ' Jacket; owned by Messrs Hol land and Brooks ;': Blue Jacket, by; Messrs, ? Timbs and Tempest ; Surprise, .by; Mr Gillett ; ? Tarn b'Shanter, by Messrs Stanley and Sawdy., Saturday being the first jiay of.Hilary.Term; in Banco, the usual statement with reference to the Supreme Court Library Fund was read by the Chief , Justice. .The balance on hand the first day of Michaelmas Term was £227 10a lid, and the receipts since Jaad:be.en £231 , 5s, makihg a total of £458 15s lid. ;The ex penditure since the first day of Michaelmas Term had been £238 63 9d, and the bank pasa bobk therefore' showed a balacce of £220 9s 2d. The number of books in the library, on the first day of Miohaehnas term was 8678) and, there ha,d been 8 added ^ince, making a total of 8686. ; [ At the usual weekly, meeting- of the commit-: t90; of management of , the : Melbourne Hos-j pitai,heldbn Tuesday,, there were present, Mr Hart inthe chair, Messrs Levy, Gillbee, Fen- ton, Gibbs, Girdlestone, and Dr. Motherwell. The ; secretary ? mentioned that the number of patients receiving the bounty ;of the hospital,: at the end of lost week, namely, 509, was considerablyiin: excess of that of any previous week. Mr H. Levy brought up the report of :? the finance committee, recommending that the sum of £5400 be appropriated; for. paying, off; the loans granted by the citizens during the stoppage of payments by. the. .Government. The report was adopted, and on the: motion of Mr Levy, eeconded -by Mr Gibbs, a vote of tharikB waa passed to the lenders. This concluded ihe.btiBiness.1' :'; - -:^ ?::-';'' ::!:????.??- '?.-?:; ''[yt A:mabine store dealer named Gale filed hifl sohedule on Saturdayi ' arid he , alleges ' as one cause of his insolvency that he ia doubtful about his father, who -sometimes '^'ants to be' bis partner, and at others shows aa 'strong a' disposition- the other ' way. : According to the insolvent's statement', the father took posBes-' Won of the store recently,' and removed' goods of the value iof £400, for which, he refuses to ' account. : Is it too curious to ask the age of the present insolvent, and at the same time to ex press wonder (if he has attained his majority) that he did not exert ? his legal rights, and, metaphorically speaking of courge? kick his wicked parent out before he had time to com pletehis work of spoliation ? But the dutif uhiess of colpnial'ybrith is so exemplified in this case that, rip doubt, Mr Commissioner Noel will see fit, when the case comes before him, severely to reprimand the father, while ho compliments the son. , What a pretty family picture it will rb'eitp'be^ure, ;'/!,,. V,;':-;\, '''',' '.. ??/ ;./.,',' .'':-.Jl.,, I The annual meeting of the Victorian branch di !the. British and Foreign Reh'gioW s Tract So ciety took p]aoo ion Monday, at thu offices, in Swanston-street. Only ten, persons, were pre sent, the chair being; token by the Rev^ Geo. MCa'ckie. The committee in their roport ex pressed', a, '.regret that tbieyr c'puld not give so favorable an account; of tl^e year's prbceedings;: as usual, but, thiB they attributed tpthe dea,^. l^ok. ! The proceeds of ( aales for the1 past ye?u? . were £2,116 14s 3d,,iripluding.cash sales. at the depot arid cash from' agencies. Thirty-five thousand tracts, had .been distributed' to Mel bourne : and ; suburban , societies since thejaat annual, meetingV ari; increase.Vof. 2000 v over, the grants of the preceding; year. . The,;s(;pok: on hand at the depot on the 31st Ootober last ampunted in value to £2476 19s,; in the bonds of flgeritB, ' £302 .3s . 9d ; making a tot^.1 .of . , £27.7,9 ,2s: 9d,: being £215 -9s ; mpre in; lysftio! than 'the stock at this time last year. The total amount of cash returnsjfrom. agencies for /the year ^as £418 13s :fi, being £93 8a : W below ' the Bales of -the' preced^g year. -The amount received in subscriptions ? of- 10s ? and upwards had been £288' 15s 6d; and in Bmalle'r samg, £153 Is 2d ; makmg a 'total bf j£441: 16a 8^ being £78 3s Id less than that for the; preced ing year., A'bafancd of £102'10a-6d'remamed in the hands of thei; treasurer.' ^The ReviMr Matthew inov^d the! adoption of the report,' which was seconded by the Rev. W. Potter and carried.' ' The Rev. Mr Strongman moved thai' the retiring officers be re-eleoted, with the ex ception of Mr W. P. Muir, who had resigned as a member of committee, and whose- place the mover proposed' should be filled' by' Mr ;RL Harper. The motion waa-Beconded by;Mr J.i iG. Jennings and carried. ? The proceedings then terminated; with singing and: prayer. I Fbom ?; the Police ?? Gazette i we ? extraot the following items :— -William' Finley was violently assaulted on the evening ot the' 6th iriat.y ' in the Military Reserve, riear'Pririoe's-bridge, and uaULhJ ' **.t . Hfl Vtrwr '4- Viva A man _ ' \ ^PV\axr nranfl '4-nJ lUUUCU Ul Uu Uj vu«.oi- iuvui +.1XVJ nuuH'vv iwardB 'Melbourne; They carried 'short- heavy; etioks; and looked like' ' riavviesi' 'Ooru-i plainant' wounded the first ^ offender ''on his .right arm; with a' knife; ? ( and' cut the trousers of the' : second up to the knee. Stolen Jrom ? 'William ; Hemsworthyi' attendant1 atj the -Ararat Lunatic Asylum, during 'the last twelve months, a Crimean medal with iolaips; for Inkerman) Balaclava and' Sebastopol, en graved round the edge ''Mr W; H. S.'Hema wbrthy,' Acting Deputy Assistant Commissary General,' silver buckle attached1; two TurkiBh medals, one of ' them with silver buckle ; ; a gold or gilt Frenoh inedal with -?? Valeur efc disoipUne '' on one ? eidej the E mperor'a likeness on the . other, eagle at top, silver buckle attached ; a email silver Russian medal, and on ebony flute, with eight german silver keys, by Parker, London. ' The above prpperty was .taken from a trunk in the American Hotel; Swaustori-street, Melbourne. W', J. Eokroyd offers one hnndredpbunds re- word on recovery of the property stolen from his premises, and conviction of the thief; Return bf appointments, ! &c;, in the police force, weekending 17th 'November, 1868:— Appointment aa constable:1 Gilgan, Edward (2294). Promotion : Constable Cassidy, James (255), to: senior constable. Reduotion : Deteo tive 1st claas Hudson, John Robert (640), to 2nd class. Discharge : Constable Hanagan, Michael (1818). Diflinissal: Conatablo Kelly, Thomas (640). Rewards: To detective lat olass John Robert Hudson (540), and;2nd class John Kilfedder (2026), at , Melbourne, £2 and £1 has been awarded in acknowledg ment of their services in the arrest and prbseoutiori of JohnMagrath for steahng from a dwelling. To detective third class Jarries ' Brown at Richmond, ; £3 has been' awarded' in aokuowledgment of his services in tho arrest and prosecution of William Pullen, John Blake and Thomas Peddio, sentenced to three months, one month, and one month respectively for larceny. There wore ? 24 cases of horse and cattle stealing reported to the police during ho weok eridiDg 17th Nov. A despatch has been received from the. Government of.1 New Zealand, requesting the ? Victorian Government to take part in a con iference to be held at Sydney early next year, ?? ito take into consideration the expediency of . estabHshing: free' trade.- between the colonies, . inotpnly in articles (the produce .thereof, but in imports from America. It is also proposed ' ito reconsider the subject of mail commuaication ' 'with Great1 Britain. ' j - : 1 A meeting of the residents and owners of ' property :in Wellington-parade -was held at ? the Parade Hotel, last .Saturday evening, for, the., purpose of , adopting a petition to the hon. J. ,M. -Grant against. the sole of the reserve. ' Only nine ', or - ten ' pefsoris: attended ; the chair being takeri by ' Mr ' J. ? ? D. Pinriook. The proceedings were merely of a conversationalnature. A petition , was laid on the table and signed by those pro- . 8^nt. It was: ', afterwards resolved that imme- ' diate steps should be 'taken to canvass tho ; neighborhood arid obtain signatures, i By the Donald' 'M'Kay, which arrived on'1 l9th inst.,' six Roman Catholic clergymen and four' Christian -Brothers have reached : this colony.; The names of the clergymen are the , Rev. Thos. J. Egari,. John Hogan,, Timothy O'Calloghan, Robert Meade, James O'C«nnell ' and John O'SuUivarijthosebf, the Christian . Brothers are Messrs Tracey (superior), Bod kin, Lynch arid Volari. ' The ' newly? arrived reverend gentlemen ; will be distributed : ithrorighpnt the diocese, but where the Chris tian Brother^ will be stationed is riot yet, we ' believe, finally determined. ' , '?-,. ? ! On Tuesday afternoon a singular equestrian perfbrniance was witnessed in the central parts of the town; 'A young colt' having all the appearance of being fresh from the sale yards, ' after .galloping about in Elizabeth-street for ',' some time arid, putting' the lives of many pereoris in peril,' turned' up ' Little ' Collina- ; street, rushed into a right-of-way opposite ' the Colonial-Bank into the - back premises of Caro the tinsmith,; found ita way right through ^he Bhop and dwellinghouse into Elizabeth street again, and was finally caught in Collinsr street, - _,/,.? ???:-.?? ,??:'?''? ? ,?— ???i i.;, ??'?'?' i Considerable excitement was manifested on ? ^Tuesday respecting the ramored prize fight be- -J tween Harry Sailors; the 'sable champion,' ' and Jack Garstairs, for £200 a-side and the ?: championship of Australia. A large number '. of people (including many who ought to have / known better), some on horseback and others ; ? in vehicles of various Mods, had congregated'! By daylight at the place where the' 'ring1? was- ' fixed, Anderson's Creek, 18 miles from Mel- r bourne ;, but that locality being under the strict 1 . surveillance of the police, they were consider- -.- : ably disappointed at finding their brutal pas 1 time prohibited. A ruse was praotised by which ?- , the combatants, their seconds, and a few favored - individuate) 'succeeded in eluding the police ; ~ .'. and the fight was at last brought off. Sallora h ;is reported- as having proved the victor, after fightingisixt'een rounds, his opponent being un- ? .able at the last round to respond to the ball of :i i *i time.' m ? The fight ; lasted one hour and fifty ?? t ininutes. :* .?-.??.? :. ?? ' ?'??;?? '? '.'????) vt ; I A' large and influential meeting of the rate ' ' ' , payers of theEppirig Road1 district ~was: held' !* ia|i the Foresters'; Hotel, PreBton, on Saturday ,\ ?evening 'last, to ! consider matters ?relative : to the -Ovens and Murray1 ' Railway.1 M r; John Wood, J.P-, waa called to the ' chair, arid '? the following resolutions were urianimpusly 7 ;.ppssed :-^'« That every effort be made to, tiring ;'? the blaimB of the Plenty district under the rio- } ,,tice of the Goyernment,it being the irioat' direct \ and; practicable route for the above railway.' ''f'. .'?iTha't'-a1 'inorist6rJ meeting of all interested 'J he held here on ^Monday, 30th ihst.'ariil that , ': , delegates from1 oiher districts be 'requested to ' ! attend' ; and that' Mr P.- Thomas [ and the ch'air- : ' man be nominated1 tp' represent this portion /' ' of the district,' and1 to carry, the foregoing re- ' r , Bo|luti6n: into ? effect.' After determining to1 lt ' ooll a meeting ?[ of ratepayers at N;orthbote';on '''' .ttje 26thiriBt;, in' furtherance of ' the above ' ; bbjebt,1 the: business of the meeting concluded ? ' .withavote 1 of thanks' io the chairman; whioh ?'-* ' was carried by acolamation. ;;'(?'? ?, 1 . JJame's Madden,, agedf forty, formerly of 'the 'n':T Viotorian'1 police 'force,1 and during several!' ; ' years past messenger in one of the Governraent ' ? [ offices,' 'has been1 missing since 'Monday,; the '? 16th inst.', at'!two- o'clock p.m. He' is stated^ ?to] have1 vbeeri seen1 in 'Elizabeth street,' ' f aoin'g the Bush Inn,' at' half -past eleven on the ?'?'' night of Friday,' 20th' irist.V;and; previously. at l Abbotsford. Aa he' was suffering from wounds ' received in the disoharge 'of hie 'duty as con-1' '''; stkble at Taradale, in 1863, and from dnacato '' disease of the ear, for which he has been some ' months under Dr. Gray's treatment, arid which ' ' '' ? it 'is feared may have affected the, bfaia, ' ap- ''l prehensions are felt as to his safety, arid any information concerning him will be- gratefully '? received by his wife,1 at No. 117 Cardigan-'; ( street, Carlton. Madden is an Irishman,, of ' ; medium height, slight build, sallow complexion, * dark brown hair, grey eyes, mark as of a 'burn ! oq right check near the ear, whiskers thin and ? light, eeam across pahn of left hand and nu- /'? meroua etab marka on body ; was dressed in ' bi|lycbck :?' hat; light grey tweed coat, trousers' ' [ arid waistcoat of dark Geelong tweed, bbota ' slit for coma. ' ? ;.;: ?'?.'? ''? y-:.! :'/J':' ~ f ; It would be worth the 'while of the council l of! the Acolimutisatien Sooiety just now to pay ' a visit to the Royal Park faring There they ' will see their little favorites, the sparrows, in - countless numbers, and evidently enjoying ''?' themselves. In the orchard, the cherries are' ?' the great attraction just at present ; in a short ; time it will be the apricots, then the peaches,' : and lastly the graces. A fiook of theso inter- ?; eating' strarigers may be seen' leaving every tree - ' as you approach within a certain distance of it, ' and an inspection of the: tree will leavo rib ;) doubt as to how they have been employed. In a field adjoining the brchard'i8 a crop of oats, and you can see the sparrows at work all over it, fluttering among the .riper portions in thouaanda, literally pioking: out every grain as it gets ripe. Aa the lessee of the farm Jn formed us with ' a peroeptiblo, grin, the, only t chance he has of siving a crop, whether cher rieB.or oats, is by cutting .it before it getfl' ripe. These 'little friends' of ours were believed to be insectivorous, and as nature had neglected to supply Australia with insecti- , verous birds, the Acclimatisation Society ( kindly nndertook to reotify the omission. Now there is to be soon in great numbers, sido by side with theso vulgar, noisy, gluttonous gentry, [ hopping about among the vines and fruit trees, a real inseotiverous bird, such as the spiurbw was supposed to be. This bird is called the mino, and is a native of Australia, Before again attempting to improvo upon na ture, we advise our acclimatising frionds to take '., a note of what nitture has done at the Royal , Parkjfarnj, - ; I It is the intention of the Government to. Bubmit to public auction the land known aa the 'Eastern-hill Water-tank Eeserve. The gale will shortly be gazetted. ,: ; | The swindler who, under the name of Von Attem, has been representing himself as an Austrian count,, has come to grief. After yictimiaing a few people at Gape York, he Sailed in his yacht, the Hamlet's Ghost, to Batayia, Where, on - attempting- his usual game,' he tyas quietly lodged - in jail; pending further inquiries. We shall likely hear more of him by and bye. . v; .???'?, ??,;:- ;- ?'. . / ?? ? ? \ ' A Oobiods Cash op Mistaken Identity oc curred on Wednesday. Ifc appears that on the recent arrival of the immigrant ship Conflict in I the Bay the whole crew was paid off, amongst, them, two men ? named Thomson j one second ?mate of the vessel, and the other an ordinary teaman. The latter went to lodge at the House of a person in I Spencer- terrace, off Spencer-street, and : indulged in an almost uninterrupted drinking; boat. On Monday morning he was in a state of delirium, and in ? endeavoring to force bis way into the street in his nightdress at 5 a.m., fell upon his head and burst a blood vessel in the brain, of which he died eoon after. - An inquest wes held on the body on Tuesday, before Mr Candler, and | owing, it is stated; to information supplied by I Mr Shillinglaw, the Government shipping | master, it was understood that the deceased j was Thomson, the second officer' of the Con i fliot. It hannened that £9 waerea was oominer to the mate, and- Captain Boyd, on hearing of the supposed death of the man, intimated to i the polioe; that he. would advance the amount | for funeral requisites. Daniel Thomson, the mate, was not a little surprised to read in the morning papers of i Thursday a report of an I inquest held upon himself. He immediately presented himself at the office of the shipping master, who was not a little startled at the ap parent resurrection* but in a short time the mystery was' .cleared 'up, eq fax as he was con .. cerned. ;? ? ??':,! ty !??'.-??.-.... ?? \ ' - ? - ??? At the usual weekly meeting of the committee of , management of the Benevolent Asylum, held on Thursday, there wereipresent Mr Mars den in the chair, Rev. M. Bintol, Messrs Hinds, Wild, Zox, Gafson.Sturt, Tankard, M'Phersoh, Dickson, O'Brien and Dr. Fetherston. The state of the house was reported as follows : — Males 361, females 141. Total 502. Mr Zox ' Baid that in consequence of Judge Molesworth having decided that the £1000 appropriated to the asylum from the Taranaki relief fund! should be vested in trustees under the seal of the institution, he gave notice' of motion that trustees ba appointed and a seal for the corpo tatioa be procured. Messrs Reed and Barnes, nrflhitanta to thu aav\nm. xornta tnnranmna anr. prise at the resolution passed by the committee at the previous meeting, providing that all plans paid for by the committee should remain their property. The writers stated, that they I could not assent to the annulling of a long established legal right of the architectural profession. They acknowledged the inconve nience and expense caused ' by the committee , not being in possession of the drawings . con nected with the institution, and bad been will i ing to do their best to remedy it by giving the ! committee copies of all general drawings and . specifications prepared by them for future works, and to consider suok as donations to the' institution ; but ' they considered them ,_.. rS^lves^jtreoludei 'from doing this while such a resolution' as that passed last week remained in force. On the motion of Mr Dickson, it was agreed to consider the architects' letter air the ' next weekly meeting. A donation of clothing waa announced from Dr. M'Carthy. There were nineteen applicants for admission, of whom six , were received. r The trustees of church reserves, a great many of which are superfluous, received warn ing some six or seven years ago, that if not improved according to the conditions of reser vation, the lands would be resumed. The Com- missioner of Crown Land and Survey is now taking action upon that potice. The first taken pessession of is that .poitibn of land held1 in ! reserve by the Presbyterian body, consisting of two aores running right through1 from Vibtoria - street to' Albert etre'ek, East Collingwood. This fine block . of ground has been for years : let to per sons who have erected thereon a number of Baualid: tenements which' are a disfirraoe to the locality; and ho steps have been takes to carry out1 the original intention of the reservation, except to 'build a sphool and a school maater's dwelling on one corner of the ground. ', On Mr , Grant's intention becoming known to submit to auction the unappropriated portion of the land, a deputa tion from the Presbyterian body waited upon him and protested against the sale, alleging that the land was' required for the erection of a manse and a ohuroh. Mr Grant thought there was not much .necessity for a ohuroh in that locality as there was a large reserve within : leea' than a quarter of a mile on which a ohurch waa brjilt (Chalmers Ohuroh), and if a manse waa required, there was ample room to erect one behind the sohoolhouse, which he would with hold from sale. It is' the intention of the Lands department to offer the remainder of the land for Bale in six allotments, leaving a right-of-way between them and the slip of land ocoupied by the sohool and schoolmaster's dwelling, and' the Bite of the manse. It is said to, be the intention of the trustees of this land to. apply for an injunction to the Supreme Court to prevent the sale. Such a step will be of little UVUU| XUJt 11 U W3OU Ul gCKUl;UKU UUOU UUblUUVU, any departure such as that complained of from tho purposes for which the land was granted would justify the Grown in resuming posses sion, and in all deeds of grant this stipulation ia definitely set out. A similar step has been taken by Mr Grant with a portion of the land adjoining the Bishop's Palace, and reserved as a Bite for a deanery. It is but recently that 1 steps have been token, and a 'building com : menced for a deanery, but only one-half of the ground eet apart by the Grown has been appro priated for that purpose, the remainder being divided off by a fence and used as. a kind of : backyard and paddook by the BiBhop. Pre viously the whole of the ground had been used as a paddook and sown with green stuff. It has been decided te sell the northern portion of the ground, about half an aore in extent. The action takon by Mr Grant towards tho Pros byterians and Episcopalian Churches has also been pursued towards the Wesloyans. A ro eorve of two acres at the corner of Hotham and Powlett street, whioh has been in pos Beseiono! the Wesleyan body for some years, and which has not even been enolosed or built upon in any way, will be wholly withdrawn and offered for sale. Several reserves belong ing to the other denominations will bo similarly deals witti ? . - The investigation into the charges against the traffic superintendent of the Yiotorian Railways, and the. counter charges against the secretary, will be at once proceeded with, the hon. Mr Bindon having been appointed chair man of the board. This appointment may be looked upon as a guarantee that the inquiry will be conducted in a manner at once search ing and impartial. ?- ? . '-.''? We have seen a return issued from the Railway department, which shows that be tween the 1st of January and 23rd November, 1868, there was forwarded from the station at Runnymede 9625. bags, or 1054 tons of grain alone, independent of other goods. Yet there is no shed or any other accommodation for the purpose, of forwarding gbodB by railway to or from this station. . \ ? '???...!?- ' A numerously attended meeting was held at the Excelsior Hotel,' Epping, on Monday even ing, with reference .to railway communication ; Mr Dodd in the* chair. Resolutions were passed in favor of the Plenty : Valley aa the route for the Ovens and Murray Railway, and appointing Messrs Dodd and Sheffield delegates to represent Epping at a meeting to be held at1 Preston, on Monday, 30th inst., to devise means for bringing the claims of the district forcibly before the Government, and generally ? to act with the delegates of other bodies infur iherance of the obiect of the meeting. : : It appears that Hotham rejoices in a young volunteer who seems to be remarkably desirous of being continually ' in armB,' and is more frequently prepared for ' frays ' of a certain objectionable ohoraoter than is at all desirable. The young' citizen soldier,' by name William Short, appearo to be of a very excitable tem perament, and on Thursday, when in one of his . paroxysma of frenzy, he seized his rifle and ammunitionand threatened to exterminate every one to whom he owed anygrudge, his mother and himself included. The police had to be called in to prevent his. doing any harm, and it is stated that they intend. applying to the volun teer authorities to have , Short's firearms and ammunition taken, from him. . This ia the \ seoond time he has broken out into a violent spirit of this kind. A peculiar accident, though fortunately un attended with any very serious results, occurred on Monday to a wood-carter and a horse in Vic toria-street, Hotham. The conveyance be longed to William Barnes, of Brunswick, and the driver had been to the Victorian Railways for a load of the heavy logs which the Bruns wick brickmakers use when' burning a kiln. The load was, as usual, somewhat between four and five feet high from tho bottom of the dray, and was well and securely bound together. When the driver reached the crown of Victeria street, on his road to Brunswick, the horse, a young one, being tired through the long pull up the hill, or from some other cause, wished to stop, and the driver, who, was on the top of the wood, gave it a sharp hit, on which it reared up, and overwent the whole load straight backwards, leaving the horse sus pended in the air with its head about as high as the top of an adjoining street lamp. The back part, of the load of wood, through being so tightly bound together, formed a solid foun dation. The horse rested with , its hind quar ters on the fore part of the load, whioh, through the change of position, was, of course, the highest, and was also supported in some measure by its harness, and there, in mid-air, it remained for a period of nearly ? ten minutes, while the crowd of men who, had collected were wonder ing h6w they were to bring it down again. At last it was determined to throw over the dray bodily on itimde, and, strange to say, this was effected without any material damage being done to either dray or horse. The latter was held on the ground until the wood was un packed, and although when rescued it appeared very nervous, it walked away with the load of wood again as soon aB the dray was refilled. No injury bbcurred to the driver, except a slight . kick on the hand from the horse when it waa being released. 