BALLARAT. Tuesday. Kr.. HIglnbotbam has addressed a very largo mooting hore, on the political condition of tho colony, and publie affairs generally. Ho was received moat enthusiastically, and his explanation of tho polioy of the M'Gullo:h Government gave general satisfaction. LECTURE OH THACKERAY.-Mr. lt' M. W. Johnson, whose recent admirable lecture on Douglas Jerrold will bo fresh in tho memorios of those who were lucky enough to hoar it, gave a lectura upon a kindred, and equally welcomo subjeo*, "William Makepeace Thackeray." Mr. Johnson's ability asa lecturer is established. Hs is not a mere talker, n«r the simple echo of other men's ideas, alboit he knows how to introduce the thoughts of others where they enforce his own viows, or throw furthor grace or light upon tho subject with which he deals. In speaking ofThaokoroy, he had scarce suoh a field as Jerrold presented; but he was equally felicitous in .his discourse To a concentrative, clear, and comprohonsive narrativo of .Thackeray's litorary life, ho addod all the graces given by judicious solcctions from tho great author s writings, and no little atti aotion in his own thoughts, expressed very eloquently, and in suoh bravo simple English as tho Immortal Titmarsh himself would havo chosen to use. * He dwelt tonderly and with ad miration upon Thackeray's hearty, generous, and manly natura ; spoke of his charity, his spotless integ- rity, his bitter contempt of all that is moa» and un- worthy of manhood. In speaking of his goneroiityi ho quoted tho story of his offer to Bayard Taylor, whoa that gontleman feared for his remittances from America on the outbreak of tho war. Tho lecturer spoke next of tho high placo Thackeray hold as a writer of the present idiomatto English, in tho use of whioh no modern writor, at any rate, has moro ex- celled in vigour and force. And finally. Mr. Johneon with that happy tenderness with which ho deals with such topics, speke cf tho daath of Mr. Thackeray ; how in tho words of Kingsley, "in the dull winter night, when he was alone in hts chambrr, tho meseengor carno, and ha arose and followed htm." There were very few present, but thoso who formed tho audience may be congratulated upon having been wiser than those who did not attend. It is to be hoped that Mr. Johnson will repeat this lecture, that the'publio may havo an opportunity of romedying tho great mistake they mado in not taking advantage of the delivery of a discourse, all tho moro valuable that it is tho composition of one who has tho eoursgo to think for himself, and to utter his thoughts boldly. Tho Bev. Dr. Beg oeoupled the chair, and tho mooting passed a hearty voto of thanks to the leoturer. Tn.8 " OOUMT."-The Brisbano Courier of the 18th instant has the following :-It is pretty woll known that the illustrious stranger who lately honoured eur poor city with his presence, undor the stylo, title, and dignity of the Count von Attems, is tho individual who, fa our Sydney telegram on Tuesday, was said to havo obtained largo advances in that city, on fictitious papers. Wo are sorry to say that ho managed, during his short stay hero, to walk into tho good graces of some ot our citizens, and to moko rather heavy drafts on their bankers. His countsbip, it will bo roraem borod, left Brisbane in that ronownod craft the Hamlet's Ghost, tho history of whioh vessol ought to be writton somo day ; and ho has last boen heard of at Cleveland Bay. A warrant is out for his apprehen- sion, and troopers havo been despatched overland from Fort Donison to securo him if possible before he makos a descent on our friends in Batavia. We failed to notice the Count os he deserved when ho was in Bris- bane, but should ho visit us again, especially with tho order which tho Sheriff of Queensland: desires to confer on him on his breast, and Mr. Soymour's decorations at his wrist, wo shall endeavour to make amends for our formor neglect of Son Altesso. DHODSIUSINO KsnossNB On.-Mr. Harrison, of this town, has submitted for our inspection a boltlo of Hartley koroseno oil, whioh he claims to havo deodor- ised by a chemical process known only to himself. Wo aro glad to bo ablo to state that tho samplo submitted is freo from that unpleasant sraoll usually omitted by tho nartloy keroseno whon in a 'state of ignition; nolthor ls tho photic powor of tho oil diminished; on tho contrary, it burns moro brightly- tho flame being whiter «nd cloaror than in tho undoodoriscd state. Carcoar Horrid. . Tun MINISTERIAL Onists is QUEENBMKD-On Wednesday last Mr. Möckern io paid that it now ro I mained for him io Inform tho Houso that h» Excol lcDoy tho Aoting-Govornor had refused, pending tho arrival of Colonel Blackall, to receive any advico from tho members of tho Government, as to tho coursothey wished him to pursue in consequence of tho division which toole place tho other night Aa lt was necessary that tho now Govornor should have a day or two to deliborato on tho advico that would bo offered to him, ho (Mr. Maekonzlp) could only move tito adjournment of tho Houeo tili Wednesday next. Ho namod Wed- nesday, becauso on Tuesday noxt thora would bo a total eclipso of tho sun. (Laughter.) It would also glvo his Excellency timo to oonsider tho ndvico tondered to him. . The nuostion was put and passed, tho Houso rising at 8 o'clock. MAU. CouuoNioiTioN vu Toarías STIUITS.-Tho Brisbano Chamber of Oommorco baa adopted tho report of a eub-commlttoe of tho Chamber enunotntlng tho opinion that a four-weekly postal service with Europo could bo ostablUliod, ot a moderato cost, via Torros Straits and Batavia, and providod the colony of Kow South Wales will bear its fair proportion of exponse, oxproesihg the boliof that it will be for tho interest of Queensland it tho Government dovoto Ha energies to tho establishment of suoh sorvioo, withdrawing from tho Suoz lino and leaving it ts bo supported by those oolonios whioh derivo mast boneflt from it Copies of tho report will bo Bent to tho Postmaïtor-Gonorol of Queensland. EanATuu.- In the roport in yesterday's Empiro of tho speech of Mr. E O. Smith in'cammittea of tho Diocesan Synod on tho Tribunal Ordinance, an error occurred, which reversos tho monning of tho speaker Instead of " He thought lt very desirable, io.," it ahould ba " He thought it undesirable that tho person who decided whether thore woe just oaueo for tho com- plaint i bauld bo the person .who was te presido at tho Wa!. 