? ?'??'?? FENIAN MARE'S NESTS. ' ' (From the Free Lance, January 18.) A 8 AI/FORD DRAMA IN ITVB ACT8. ACTI. Scene I. — A back-yard in Salford. lime, -nine p.m. Two little boys are bending over a ?amall cannon. , ., «'-'?: 1st Boy. — Hasto rammed it well up ? 2nd do.— Aye. 1st do.— And put a pay in 7 2nd do.— Aye. . : ? 1st do.— Then clap a pinch of powder on .th' touchold, and I'll run to th' ire for the ?skewer. Scene II. —The street outside the back-yard. Policeman Z 402 saunters slowly up, humming ifche following song : — If when I walked upon my beat, A prowling Fenian I did meet, .;, Why precious quick I'd him entreat, To go with me to prison. Then the Beak would address me from Mb seat, ' For this hofficer's conduct so discreet,' To a sergeant he must be risen ! Bang ! in the back-yard ; Z 402 leaps up a full two feet, his helmet rolls into the gutter, and he Tuinaelf flies at the rate of ten miles an hour to the police-station and makes hiB report. ACT1I. Scene I.— The yard-gate at the back of a respectable house in Broughton. Mart Ann, the Cook, is conversing with Q 84. Q 84.— Now I'll tell you what, Mary Hann ; I'll stand no more gammon. Mary Ann.— Why Jim, get along with you ; who'd be after gammoning a smart lad like you ? q 84, —It won't do I tell you. Me and another hofficer see you with hour hown heyes last Sunday walking with a sojer. ; Mary Ann. -Well, an' if you did, wann't it my brother. *q 84. __o blow it ! Do you think I'm a hass in the parlour ? Why Tm your brother ? Mary Ann.— Come, now, be quiet, Jim. Is there ever a sojer living I'd do this for ? [Mary Ann, who hitherto has kept her hands behind her back, now brings them to the front ; in one is the shank-end of a boiled ham, and in the other a bottle of bitter ale. She holds them towards Q 84 as peace offerings.] Scene II.— The parlour. Mr. and Mrs. Con sango are seated on opposite sides of the room. Mrs. Contango is crocheting, and Mr. C. is read ing the money article in the Standard. \- Mr. Contango (lunging at the fire with temper.)— Infernally cold it is to be sure. Mrs. Contango. — January is not midsummer, I believe, in this country. Mr. Contango. — Neither are other people's parlours ice-houses, if this is. Mrs. Contango. — 1 suppose shares are down again, and you've been bulling as usual. Mr. Contango ( j umping to his f eet. ) — D ? d if 1 can stand it. The back-door must be open. Mrs. Contango.— No doubt it is. That per fection of a cook you think so much of will be at the yard-door with one of her followers. [Mr. Contango reaches the back-door in two strides and a half ; slams the door with a crash, that rattles all the windows of the house, and loosens the door posts. Mary Ann screams, and letting the bottle of Bass fall on the flags at Q 84's feet, runs up the yard. Q S4 skedaddles up the street, and tumbles into the arms of the Inspector- ] Inspector (sternly.)— Hallo ! What's this? eh? ' ' ' . ftj Q 84 (recovering himself, and assuming the orthodox giving-evidence-on-oath attitude.)— From hinformafcion I had received, I was paying particular attention to a house wheie some Irish oents had. come to lodge, when a bottle of Fenian fire was flung from a hupper winder, ?which burst at uiy feet. I immediately ran for assistance. | [The Inspector nods approval, and with (^ o4 returns to the scene of the outrage. Mary Ann meanwhile has restored the shank to the larder, and, having congratulated herself 'that after all it is as well to be honest in such little I matters,' returned to the yard, picked up all the fragments of'±h.e bottle she could see, and swilled away the beer with a pail of water. When the Inspector and Q S4 reach the place, ? Q S4 finds great difficulty in selecting the exact spot. The Inspector opens several doors, and arouses sundry dogs. At last the right place is discovered ; there is a stain, on the flags, evidently recently washed. Inspector kneels down and applies his nose. 'A decidedly chemical sin ell.' While thus engaged, his hand is pricked by something sharp. Instantly he seizes on a piece of glass, and on Q S4 apply ing the rays of his bull's eyes, it is found 'to be a small portion of a glass bottle, with a fragment of paper still adhering to it, on -which paper is a part of a crimson pyramid with ASS in black block-letters on the left-had side. The Inspec tor pull3 out his note book, and, having care fully examined the house, back and front, com pliments Q S4 on his presence of mind, and goes to the Town Hall with his notes and the frag ment of the bottle.] ACT 111. Scene I. — Outside the Salford Cemetery. Time, a little before midnight. A rumour having reached S2 1 and Y Z 2 that there was a chance of a Fenian flotilla coming up the river, and effecting a landing ou the coasts of Salford about Mode Wheel, those indefatigable officers are on the look-out. Y Z 1.— Good move this, getting away down here. No chanco of a Fenian rising in this quarter. Y Z 2. — No : any rising in this quarter (point ing to the Cemetery) will be general, I fancies, and not in our time neither. Y Z 1. —I owe you one; Thank you. Yes, air. ? .??...-....-? ¥ Z 2.— Butjit ha3 ite drawbacks. 'I know a door or two I'd like to be at. I cduld do with a bite and a sup.'' '.'?*;??, ' . Y Z 1. — 1 believe you my boy. ; [The two officers' hearts and fancies fly else where. They sit side by side upon a rail and one hums 'Pretty Jemima,' and the other ' 1 wish I was with Nancy.'] Scene II.— Nearer the river. A rumour having also reached Mr. William Sykes and a few friends that flights of wild ducks were in the habit of settling on the Irwell, with a vie w^ to converting themselves into aerial Ethiopian Serenaders, those worthies have gone out with , an old fowling piece, which they use in turns. Mr. Sykes —See, there they are ! Heave a stone at 'em ? * Mr. Dodger Bhies a stone, and Mr. Charles Bates half-a-brick. A flock of starlings rise from a neighbouring tree. They fly over Traf ford Park out of shot. One, however, makes for Salford. Mr. Sykes ruas after it. It flies just above the heads of the policeman. Scene IIT. — Same as scene I. Y Z I. — I say, do you believe in ghosts ? Y Z 2.— Well— a little -do you ? Y Z 1.— Sometimes. . . [They go a little closer together.] Y Z 1. -(In a whisper.)— I think I'd as lief see Fenians, as a risin' there ! Y Z 2. — And they mostly rise at midnight. [A distant clock commences tolling midnight. Clang — clang — clang — at the twelfth stroke, Mr. Sykes fires : the shot strikes a tiee behind the two policemen, and rattles down upon their heads. They fall off the rail upon the ground. Mr. Sykes following up keenly, reaches the railing, and sees the officers just about to pick themselves up. He gives a low warning whistle ? and crying tJ Bobbies,' exeunt Sykes, Dodger, Bates, & Co. over hedge and ditch. Y Z 1 and Y Z 2, hearing the sound of feet, take to their heels, gain the nearest station, and give in their - report.] . ' ? ? ? ' . . ACT IV. .''r /; ? Scene — Salford Town-Hall, lime, a.m. some where. The Officer in charge sits at his desk. Enter Mr. Penny A. Lyner. Lyner. — Any fresh Fenian intelligence, ser geant ? Sergeant. — Any quantity. [Lyner pulls out note-book and pencil, and the Sergeant reads.] 'Z402,' (a most reliable officer) 'while on duty in Little Chaff-street, was fired at ; bis helmet was blown off his head ; some one ran away, but the officer failed to catch him. The officer was uninjured.' Lyner. — Capital ! Skrgeant. — Reported from Broughton, that Q S4, one of the steadiest officers in the force, while reconnoitering suspicious premises, had a bottle of Fenian fire flung at him. A portion of the bottle, having a strong chemical smell, has been recovered, and is now undergoing analysis. The officer was unhurt. Lyner. — Splendid ! Sergeant. — Two other officers, Y Z 1 and 2 on duty near the Cemeterj', were attacked by a large body of Fenians, and were fired upon. They succeeded in making good their escape without serious injury. Lyner. — Glorious ! . [Closes his book, and exit to newspaper office.] ACT V. Scene 1. — Manchester and Salford passin. Time, eight to ten a. in. Boards outside all the news-shops announcing — MORE FENIAN OUTRAGES ! FOUR POLICEMEN SHOT AT ! ! * Messrs. Smashem and Crashem, walking to business together, are arrested by the startling announcement. Smashem. — Ah. ! there they are ! At it again! I'll tell you what, Crashem, we shall have no peace till every Irishman lias ben swept into the sea. Orashem.: — No. What ihe Government are about, I don't know. Why don't they hang every man woman, and child at once 1 [They go in and purchase papers, and read the intelligence.] Smashem (in a regretful tone). — Not one killed, it appears ! Crashem (in an injured tone). — There isn't one w.ounded ! .[They continue their walk change the subject, and abuse John Bright.] Scene II. — Outside tlie Exchange. Boys with their breast-plates of posters indefatigably bawl ing,-—' Hay-nother Fee- nee-yan Houtrage ! \- Ardent Radical. — Here, boy, 'Xamincr. Boy. — Only Couriers left. [Radical buys Courier, opens and reads; chuckles.] Radical. — I thought so ; another trumped up humbug. Just like the Courier to do this. Zealous True Blue. — Courier, my lad ? Lad. — Only 'Xaminers left sir. [True Blue buys Examiner and reads, and crumples up the paper.] True Blue. — A regular Radical catch-penny. Now you would not catch the Conner doing a thing like this. Mr. Neutral Tint.— Now, my good woman, a Guardian, if you please. Woman (more or less good). — Here you are, sir. [Mr. Neutral Tint opens the papers, and reads with a coldly Guardianesque expression of face.] Neutral Tint.— Evidently got up to move off a few copies. I really wish they would put on the paper and stamp duties again ! Scene III. Salford Town-Hall. The Mayor.— What cock-and-bull stories are these I see in the papers 1 Anything in them ? Head of Police.— Well, your Worship, I xoally believe there's nothing, whatever in them. Mayor. — I thought net ; and such frightened ??** nonsense had no business to be communicated to the papers. Be good enough to write an im mediate contradiction ; and take care in future that, as far as Salford goes, the public uneasi ness is not kept alive by any more Fenian Mare's Nests. 