Hji THE PONIES' TAILS. ^Bm THE ' AKGOSY.') ^H He made me bold the light Kd them up to tbe manger, ^Hi- and with Oraft Blossom's ^Hwere bigger than shears, he ^^m I had never been so fright ^Kfe before. Old Hetley was ^^Hfesom was aooui soinewuere, ^Ht do knowing which of them ^K upon us. Tod ? Bat I ^Hgin at the beginning. ^Hht Dyke Manor, and his name ^By. I mean the old Pater, not ^B you please, we must go back ^Hor you may not be able to on ^Hetleywas very rich; the far ^ftople rouud about called him ^m He had no wife ; she died ^K Tod was a baby. Tod's pro ^?ras the same as his father's, ^mt lived at the Court, three ^?d I had no mother, any more ^U, for she was dead too. My ^Hftlliam Ludlow ; he was well ^Bt so rich as Squire Todhetly, Be good friends. I was John; ?Bed me Johnny, ^?ing, when I was four years old, ^?told me I had a new mamma, I ^?iow as she looked when she ? We had a high post with, a a^E.ont&ide; the pate, and she was as ?t and upright as that ; she had B%se and flat, light curls on her ^Hannah said she was thirly ?bi talking to Eliza while she ^E— and they both agreed that ?ike a Tartar. She was a Miss By used to play . the organ in H teach music j and Eliza said ?night have chosen better. I ? that they meant papa, And ? he might lave chosen better ; H they both shook me, and said Hd not been speaking about my ?i, but of die old blacksmith Borneri ?d that yew. At the end of Bra. Ludlow married Mr. Tod B we went to live at Dyke ?e, I, and Hannah. Tod did not Kb father mostly called him Joe, B Master Joseph.; but at school ? we both went together— with Be was always 'Tod,' andlfell Bne habit . In contradistinction, ?re got into the way of calling B Old HeUey behind his back,: ? to his face. To3 bid been Bo3t by hisj lather, awtellyiii Bd naturally he didiot Afce the ? As time -- went on. ^thmsavrair ^?bk Tod and his Btep^inother H^war In ! tie 'ioiiffiys j' ffiC ^BedU on Tod, and Toditaeotod ^Br we can go on again: from the ^Bi. Tod was turned jBey^enteen, ^B^ a house ; tall, and strong, ?amth an imperious manner and -a Blown. I was fifteen, &ir;,-4eli. ?Wmid. PeopWdfledjneajnnff; ^BuA T°d looked neaBy.oldegoogh ?wioDgh to be my father. Tner^ Kttle children atthe Manor now V ???Lena. - '?? ? : ????' - ;'????;-'*?'..' ^Be at home for the 'Christmas; H Things had: gone on pretty « Hthe first week, bat that came W ?I think if Tod had taken W ?nderstandJIrs.' Todhrt%b-*&i;' ?pot hare hated her so. X used! ?Mamma' 'to her at times Bt&V; »erworJd^ec^ed.hetMa|i^ fff *^Vbre)^ «J£a3e»W ?With him, but somethings was fcp^Tto makei-hete?'iu»j; ?fworda ; Tod, . was sarcastically,; Bl lead the children into mischie£: ?aatis,andlh^. ^Welovfed'1 «h; and Tod wpalA'ihaw' fiared': Boreal iojnry Wilh hi. life. »'irt' ?**H.».gfc«n-w npa milksop, yoo ?fi » what his mother vfiimag for ?^the Pater .0/ Evaythwg' HJ7T'y *^- ': weryftln^aherdid, ?Sp were cond^.A^WiS B*31^ J fte Squire tpenainfraUhk B~e-*Jne moderate. Tod resentecL B^ttahaU. ; ? . :?? , ?*-?-?'.?: — Weh°me from ishjirch^^ariiii mrr'? *adahe toothache, mod did ?*yw— who were ta&*umit!kwa.* ? lyeanie at .|b^j«Ba^j^tm l*^ I divided an Mot™. «,d ! two beautiful black creatures, the pride of the Squire's stables, with flowing manes, and tails that touched the ground. They had been n recent purchase, and the Pater talked of them to everybody. The close carriage bad been laid down long ago ; another of Mrs. Todhetley's innovations. It stood in the great coach-house still, but the horses had been sold. As a matter of comfort, the want affected neither Tod nor las father, it had been so rarely used ; but Tod chose to be bitter over the curtailment The Squire drove his ponies, he rode his saddle-horses, and Mrs. Todhetley went out in a low basket-chaise, drawn by a mild she-donkey. It was safer for the children, she thought. Tod went into fits whenever he met the procession. Giles was in the stable, giving the ponies their beans. He had been groom there a long while ; a cross-tempered fellow, espe cially when they called him ' dwarf,' from his small size, aod he had never taken cor dially to the ponies. An old horse that Giles cared for, if he cared for anything, had been got rid of to make room for the ponies, and Giles put on resentment, after the fashion of his young master. 'They .eat well, Giles,' remarked Tod, who had little Hugh in his hand. ' Ugh !' grunted Giles. ' They'd eat their yeads off, an' 'ud let 'em, they crea tures 'ould. I know I wish they was buried, I do ; they got me into a nice row with master this morning.' ' How was that !' ~V About their exercising ; and their food. He says I neglect 'em ; 'ud serve all the horses afore I'd serve them. I said I knowed my duties to them as well as I knowed it to the others ; and then the row set in. Master's as fond o' they two can tankerous animals as he is of his children.' ' J; onder than o' me,' put in Tod, who was laughing at Giles. ' I 'dun know about that, Master Joe ; I know these ponies is always a making mischief atween me and others. It's they tails the Squire's proud on,' added Giles, disparagingly, 'and the animals is the same ; you just watch 'em a bit else, a switching of 'em everlasting 1 I'd shave they tail off for two pins.' 'Ton would, would you!' broke upon our startled ears, and there stood the Squire at the stable-door, to the consterna tion of me and Giles. I had done nothing ; but felt just as if I had. Tod kept his ground unmoved, and hud hold of Punch's tail; as if calculating what the trouble would be to dock it Letting the horsehair drop gradually from his fingers, he went off with Hugh; I followed, leaving the Squire sod Giles to .it By the sounds that supervened, it seemed the 'row,' as Giles designated it, of the morning was being renewed; ' 'We went as far as the Dyke, a broad. ditch, that divided at this spot the two counties, Warwickshire and Worcestershire, two miles from the manor. There were no hedges on either side the dyke, but « raised . bank; on this. Hugh, who was in fronts rannpit 'Stay where you are,' -shouted Tod to him. 'You can't come to grief to-day, you know, in that fine plumage.' : For Hugh had a new.purple. velvet affair on. Iflcallitaffairit'sbecauseldon'tknow what else to call it ;' it was not a coat, and it was not; & frock. He was seven ;' and yet Mrs. Todhetley dressed him like a girl; his' short white drawers had frills to 'em ; and this was made another grievance of by Tod. Hugh's bare legs were scratched all over; his white neck-frills got torn. He was a brave little fellow, foil of Bpirit, fearing neither man nor ghost; a pretty nMul rtliilfl vnt.lt 1*mva ltlnA avab ani4 lAnir fair, curls. For Tod to warn him against going to grief was something new, end I fancied he mast be remembering that it was Christinas Day. : 'X want to jump down, Joe,' answered Hugh, from the top of the bank. : '?'You'd jump in.' Stay where you are, [ ttll you, until I come' ' ? Hugh came leaping &own; on this tide, rhere there was no danger ; the ditch, or lyk«C was.on the.jbther.' T-tf ascended the lank and leaped. it a$ once, ? ?' ' ' ?'???' ' «Now,'ihen,Hu^-, fli-catcb yon.' ' He'stood oh the edge of the dyltej ready,: » save Hugh, should liicf foot ^ Ti* ivorst that wouH* happen vmild be* vet ing ; but Tod ineait to take care. Hugh leaped, and Tod;caught himjust as he was dipping backwards. How it happened I dotft know, but the. veliretjgot a tear' in front Sncharent 1 ' ':.'-V. ' Whew f cried ^Cbd, -with a whisfle. r Joaoam wuiue DruBningmy jacKet ror yba&:::\ '??'':r ?'?''. ' ?.??. '',;; . ; j^ ? *f I; isharft, wyj jon .djd.ife. Jpe,' ?*$&, Hugh, looking down ruefoUy. He had' learnVtobeland^fiis^Becloaies. *- ^ 'Sj^y.Jt M /wel«S)inft' wtarn^i^T^a. My back's broad raiough. Mind you walk Bedasely now, Hugh.-; u.yoa ge^ybar fpot Ihrpughttat holt; jon'll'haYe tt^-whdle bottom of.' ? -:.-; us two talking seasja together fit was only about Mrs. Todhu^, and Hugh taping '; round, whep we stofflerij^nissed him. Tod stood staHiattd loobfefl'jT-arav - / ??? ? ? ' What -went with him, Johnny F' , I cooldaot »»y. We rfiould. not We minded either,, bit for, Jhe ? Telvet Hugh was safe anywhere on* Hjnian3, Tod had 'toldiaiilto'SOTggle liBi itilhBtairs to the 'nneserj; and ^et Hannah to mend the slit ! ' 'Perhaps he turned off by the oak-walk, iTod.; If so, he is already in-doore.' ' ; 'The young monkey ! And Madam is now.groaning -over, toe' rent ! Well, kny jbackj as I Bay, ^ras broad enough for that' The fitedings had amved,«od there was bustiein.thfijdrawing-rpom. Young Mrs. Sterling had brought her' baby, a little bundle in a bine cloak; old. Mt andMK Sterling were talking to the Pater, young Mra\Sterli^^.imr8ing Lena, Mn. Tod hettey was admiring the baby, whoje none' stood at : the door. Old Thomas dune in to say that wmer was served. ? 'He's gone -op to Hannah of his own ;«cbrd;-Tod,M'wniapcnd. AndTod jost ;^aiharawer;M if not caring onfr 'wa.yw:4he other, „ ^L . '.. ' ?':''. ^^.began to «M»iJ» hall, and U» nnraetooWheimby np-etadra; Lena had uwd to^jAu tttti^ fiw t&e;^t^ldreti vfete*to dMwiao^a^ I was behind. Suddenly they stopped in * «ort of commotion, ?Ml titere Umie « bolhbaloo that yon might h»Te.tottd or* in Woroeftershire. Of all the miserable little objects possible for imagination to conceive, there stood tbe worst. It was Hugh, who had curne ! bursting in at the hall- door with a great j howL He was green all over. The blood was pouring from his green face, his curls were dripping green slime, his legs and his purple velvet were nothing but green mud. As good explain at once that he had fellen into the duck -pond, and in scrambling out of it made his nose bleed. But it looked a great deal worse than that, and nobody could tell what to make of him. Mrs. Todhetley thought he was killed. She shrieked and sobbed, and gave Tod the accusation direct of being the author of the mischief. Tod denied it — his tone in solent ' Look at his dress !' cried Hannah, who came flying down upon the scene. ' Oh ! ma'am, look at his beautiful dress ! Can you deny doing that, sir ?' she boldly asked Tod to his face, holding up the rent. She and Tod were always at daggers drawn. 'I did that,' said Tod, distinctly. A noise of a different sort, something like a man's passionate scream. It came from Tod, and I turned short round, frightened. The Pater had the horsewhip in his hand, laying it upon his shoulders. And he had never struck him since he was a child ! It was a wretched Christmas dinner; everybody in discomfort. Tod had bolted up-stairs to his room, and the Pater scarcely spoke to anybody. He was a little man, with a few. light hairs sticking up on his head, and excruciating nerves. These scenes would put him into an awful passion for.a.mo.meut, but it was 6oon over. As he sat there, making only a pretence to cat, I knew that he was wishing in his bitter repentence. that his hand had been cut off before it was used on Tod. ' Johnny,' he whispered to me, byand by, pretending to pick up his table-napkin, Vgo up to Joe, and tell him to come down and have some dinner. Tell him it's Christmas Day.' ' Up I went, three stairs at a time, wondering in what condition I should find Tod,' and half afraid to enter. But Tod -was not there. He had taken the matter coolly, Tod fashion, and I found him in the housekeeper's room, seated at a table which had been laid for him, a servant in attendance. ; ' Wants me to come in to dinner, does bje.r returned Tod, his month full of tur key. ' My compliments, to him, and I'm taking it here.' ' Tod, I know he's as sorry as he can be. Do come 1 It's all, so uncomfortable in tjiere!' 'I'm glad to hear it 1' answered Tod, emptying the tureen of bread-sauce ou his . ' Bnt won't yon come i' 'Not if I know it That senseless little reptile goes and flings himself into the green pond, and the Pater——' ' « Hogh says'he fell in, Tod.' 'If s all the same. And the Pater wjnewmps me ivf 111 xi i aon t pay mm ofi^ my name is not Todhetley. Here, Johnny.' ' ' ' How will you pay him off f' I asked, drinking the glass of champagne he held «f*.' ? : 'Leave that to me,' said Tod, 'I'll .sleep upon it' : ' 'I have told, them, it was not yonr fault, Tod. Hpgh said so, too.. He was coming in-doors by the- fold-yard; and began chasing the ducks. That's how it happened.' ' 'Awkward young donkey 1 But they shan't continue to blame me, right or wrong, for -every scrape he falls into. - That wont do, now it has come to a horsewhip. You may tell the Pater so.' ; ' And you'll not come into the dining K-om,Todr ; 'I've answered yon once,' said. Tod, catting himself a piece of pudding that must have weighed three pounds. 'You needn't wait, Johnny.' And back I went, ifter the ansucceasfnl negotiation. 1 Tod's feast transpired, and the Pater was vexed. What had ' ma3e him intensely miserable) apparently only made Tod more jolly.' -Had ie heard that bis eon was in lulging grief -or resentment in solitude, be would have -gone iind made friends with tumi— I1 kno#;'he would— perhaps - have said he vras'Borqr 'for his haste. As it ?ras. he let the afikir droD. eavins nothine. : . Bat the old: Pater was not one to bear resentment ; and he loved Tod, in spite of :hhfaults,'T-ettcr than anybody else in the [world. On . the following morning, when |we were ^oingto the Jacobsons'— a three mile drive — to spend the day and dine, Jtie spoke pleuantly to Tod. I 'Pot on your: warmest top-coat, Joe. ! We shall-have a sharp frost to-night' Mrs-rTbdhfeUeyV toothache was worse, and her face swollen the me of two, so she would not come. ' Hugh's nose was all itight this morning, and she wanted to send him with us. Bat the Pater would 'not have it; ^« was not going to look alter 'him all day, lie said, to keep him oat of the Jacobsons* duck-ponds. : We left him, 'sobbing and roaring with the'disappoiniment, and started J T, Tod, and the Pater, Tod generally sat in front when his step-mother did not, bnt he put me there to-day, and got up behind. No servant went with us to the Jacobsons'; oldiBlosaom, their groom, would take care of the ponies. The Pater was a kind man when not in a passion. ' 'I can see you are wanting to drive, Johnny,' he aaid. ' Well, you may take the reins for a little while.' I could drive as veil as die Pater, at any rate in my own opinion, and we bowled along the frosty road, old Pater- in his usual glow over the ponies. .'Look at them, Joel' he rapturously said,, leaning back to Tod. -'Don't they step together !— are not the heads fine 1 And the tails ! There's not srich a pair of tails in the county,'' he went on. * Andlcaoghtold Giles saying he should like to ahave them off! I'd rather he came in when I was ealfeep, and shaved my head !' ' Whedjer£hewbcdsBuggestedideis toTod, or whether what happened later— bat Ihad better go straight on. The Pater had not finished his say. ' . « I wouldn't answer for it, Joe, that I shall not have to send Giles away about his business. He gets more pig-headed every day. You may keep a servant too long. J Now, then, Johnny, I'll take the reins. TYe j are close there.' I At the Jacobsons' we found a regular party. All of them went out to sec Squire Todhetlej's model ponies, and decided that they and their tails deserved to be photo j graphed. About eighteen of us sat down to dinner at six. Old Sterling was one ; and when the cloth was drawn, he told about Hugh's escapade, and what the Pater did with the whip. He meant it in joke, but he was an old fool for bis pains. It put up Tod's blood awfully, and vexed the Pater, as I could see. We did not sit so long as they did, flrid , Tod got me round to the stables. ' I want you there a minute, Johnny,' he said. And I went, tbinkinc nothine. ' I'm going to shave off their tails,' he began, as he struck a light ; and I laughed, supposing he was joking. But -when I found he was in earnest, not jest, I nearly went out of my senses with fright ; I almost went on my knees to him in the stable. ' Stow that !' 6aid he. ' All you've got to do is to hold the light. I shall never betray that you did as much as that, Johnny. Catch hold of the candle, and dont shake.' I always did what he told me : his was the master spirit : and I stood there, in the stable, lighting him, a yery reed under his will. He had noticed a pair of large scissors or Bhcars, hanging there in the day-time.' He said so as he took them down, when his preperations were made, and he pro ceeded to use them witli right good wili ' We'll begin upon Punch first,' said he, seizing the tail of the secured animal, and cliDoine off. at the first eo enoueh to stuff a piOow-case. ' There's my beauty F' he chirped to the poor pony, with insidious flattery. ' Punch shall hare his tail trim med, aud make a fine show at the fair ! Johnny, if you dodge the light about like that, I shall have an account to settle with you. Are you laughing or crying, sir? Handsome Punch ! A little more yet Was it fond of .its tail, then, and didn't it like to lose it 1 ' ' Oh, dear, what can the matter be ? Dear, dear, what can the matter be f Oh, dear, what can the matter be ? tie's got no tail for tbe fair !' ' ' Don't sing, Tod ! Suppose they hear you 1' ' Good Punch ! Just a few more clips to make it perfect We'll begin upon the mane next Proud Punch t its tail shall be converted into a lady's chignon, and tied 011 with blue ribbons ! Steady, Mr. Punch ! be a gentleman, now ! A little closer. You don't know how perfect an animal you'll be. Your own mother wouldn't know you !' Perfect it was, but very bare. Had Tod served an apprenticeship to the art of tail cutting, he could not have done it better. Toby's turn came next, but there was more trouble with him, and he could not be fin ished off so artistically. The mane escaped. Tod was beginnig upon them when he beard a noise outside, so he just gave nearest to him a good notch, and we prepared to de camp. ' Now, then, Johnny ! Take down that apron of old Blossom's, and shove this horse hair in it as tight as you can. Make a ball of it, and pitch it into the pond. We must sacrifice the chignon. That's it 1' He blew oat the light, and away he went I flung the horsehair and apron into the pond, after which we got safe in-doors, and sat down to a round game at Pope Joan. Ted was going into fits of laughter perpet ually, and the girls thought it was the cards that made him. It was past twelve o'clock wheu we started home. The Pater had been boxed np in the dining-room, smoking with the old ones, and he looked half asleep.* AH' of them 'were wanting their carriages together, and Tod ran out, telling Gruff Blossom he'd see 10 ours. Blossom, waugea nun : 11 stooa to reason that he could not get about fifteen vehicles ready at once. So there was no difficulty in the matter. Tod har nessed the ponies to the carriage, and' brought it round. ; 'Yon 'can drive, Joe,' said the Pater, shaking J»'»^» with, me, in mistake for. somebody else ; and he went fast asleep before we were clear of the Jacobsons' gates. Tod was silent all the way home, as if he did not like what he had done. '! Success attended as. The- Minor ier* vanfehao1 been keeping tip Christmas' us Tvell as ourselves, and Dwarf Giles was not in attendance to take the ponies. Three or fonr times in the year Giles .would get too much fo drink, and for twenty-four hours or so be no good to anybody. The Squire threatened to dismiss him every time, but never did it Bill, the stable-boy, was there, and Tod and I went round with Turn. ' Mr eves I' exclaimed BilL when his lantern flashed on the ponies. 'What's come to 'em I' ' Never you mind,' answered Tod ; ' I suppose the Squire can do what he pleases with his own. animals, She tails, were getting too long.' And that silenced BilL The' Pater never came down the next day till twelve o'clock. The frost made, him over- sleep himself, he aaid; and while he was breakfasting, Budd, the agent, came in. Tod was ont of the way somewhere. 'I want to get over to Alcester to-day to the magistrates' meeting,' said the Pater to Budd. ' Onght to have started sooner, but the cold makes one sleep Lite. , 111 drop you ou the toad, if you like, as ygn. want to go towards CookhiU. It's a treat to sit behind those ponies of mine.' ' So 'tis,' answered Budd, tossing off a second glass of the ale brought in for him. ' I never see foiner tails.' «Ah — — h 1' said the Pater, rubbing his hands at the compliment paid to the tails. 'Johnny, go and tell Giles to get the chaise, ready.' ? ' 'i-t*- Giles was not about yet, but I and 'BlU did it, and he took the carriage round. I went under the pigeon-house, oat of harm'« way, and looked on. j Budd came oat first, the Pater halting** the door to batten bis great-coat Sol was at the ponies' heads, and the 'Pater caught, sight of him. 'Where's Giles f he asked. Bill answered that he ',W«* not in the way ,?' he did not dare to tell the master what was keeping him oat ofit 'Why, Squire, what on earth have ye had done to 'em r* ' It was Budd that spoke, pointing to the ponies, and it caused the Pater to step quickly to his side. He stood transfixed j for a minute, staring like a stone statue, ! and then he burst into a noise that brought I the house out. I ' He has shaved their tails '. He said I he'd do it. I'll transport him .'' j 'Who?' asked Mr. Budd, staring alter ! uately at tbe ponies and the Pater. j 'Dwarf Giles.' j The j'oor things stood shivering like human creatures. No wonder, with their 1 fine warm tails gone ! Mrs. Tudhetley came out, Hugh and Lena came out, old Thomas came out, the empty ale-jug in one hand, the class in the other : the womeu servanU put their heads out at the windows. ' Them there thick tails kep' 'em warm,' cried Budd, — about the worst thing he could have said. ' 'Twere Jike clothing to 'em, set aside the ornament they was.' ' They are not our ponies, papa,' cried Hugh. Were they the ponies ? The Pater rubbed his eyes as the doubt came over him. Had old Blossom harnessed the wrong ones to the chaise last night ? Bill decided it. 'They be urn, sir, sure enough. This un's Punch, and that un's Toby.' Stepping up all perky, as if to show he'd had nothing the matter with him, came Dwarf Giles. At first tlie Pater Hid not notice him : they were all crowding around. To watch Giles's face, when he saw the ponies, was better than a comedy ; his mouth aud eyes opened, and did not shut again. ' Lawk-a-mercy !' cried lie, at last, ' who's a done it 1' ' You have !'' roared the Pater, pouncing upon him with outstretched arms. And then there was an uproar. Lena screamed, Hugh began to kick Dwarf Giles, Mrs. Todhetley interposed, the tears running down her swollen face. Todd might have heard the uproar, though he was as far as Alcester. Giles cleared himself, but it took some minutes to do it. In the face of this great evil, he confessed to the lesser one — that he had made too free with the Christ mas tap early the previous afternoon, and had been lying up in the tauet amidst the haj until now, as witness the bits sticking to his small-clothes. It 'knocked him back'ards, it did, when he set eyes on the ponies, as the master might ha' seen.' The master had been a little calming down, sufficiently so to hear. Bill ventured a word as to the state of the animals when they came home the previous night, and everybody turned to him. I tried to wink at Bill to keep him quiet, but he could no more see me than if I'd been in the rain water barrel. ' My heart bled for 'em, it did, to see 'em brought, back without their tails,' cried the. boy, earnestly. 'They was snorn ngni on, mey was, just as iney oe now. When I asked what had done it, Mr. Joseph, lie telied me to mind my own business, he did. 'Hfe.said the Squire found the tails was growing too long, and he'd a right, he had, to do what hie would' with his own animals.' 'Mr. Joseph said that)' roared the Pater, turning himself upon BilL ' Yes, he did, sir j which were as good as saying you clipped 'em with your own hiauds. Ask Master Johnny if he didn't — he were there.' Master Johnny had taken care not to be in the way of being asked. The Pater saw it all — Joe had clipped the ponies. ; . But I never thought— no, .not in my worst fear — that he'd take it up, as he did. Sending the ponies back to the stable, he went in-doars to write a warrant for his son's apprehension, and hurried off- with it himself to Jones, the constable. We kept our constable still, and the police turned their backs upon him.. The Squire and his tenant-farmers thought it would be time enough to patronise the police when old Jones should be superannuated. ,' ' You'll take him, Jones, dead or alive !' foamed the Pater, his passion having increased with the heat of Walking. 'Apprehend him jost as you would a common felon, and put thei handcuffs on him. I'll prosecute hint for fh& work !' Jones hid the nandcnnV in ibis pocket, and started, his constable's fitaif jin hand, and his mouth full off cold rabbit* for the Squire would not let him wait to. finish his ilinner. Of course the difficulty, was, '. where to find Tod. I was behind the hedge, and saw and heard all this ? and % went off on the search another way. ' It was getting to wards. sunset, and I had been looking about for hours when I came upon them. I wish some artist-fellow had been there to photograph the scene. Tod was on the Worcestershire side of the dyke, and the constable on, tine other, and Tod waa driving hun. wild. . Jones t*d fat legs, as. if the gout, had settled in them, and no breath to speak of. He worethat dayTjrown1 corduroy smalls,' and white jibbed etockings; the Squire had. not allowed him time to jjut his ga$ters on. Tod was young, and fleet as a deer. He made short inroads on theothet'e territory, stood meek as a lamb in the'sknting snn, until Jones puffed up within a yard of him, and then turned and leapedthe ditch again, leaving Jones screaming with the ftgravation. The old chap could have managed to get over the dyke, but on the other side he had no power. ' Howling is of no use, old Jones. . Why don't you come over and. take, me 1 You've got yonr warrant, you know /you've got your staff ; you've got your handcuffs. I'll stand stock still, and let yon take me here, if you dare. Is that you, Johnny? — come to see the fan ? Jones thinks he'd rather not take me over here. Now, then, Mr. Jones ! why don't yon leap the ditch 1 Shall I assist you down! Can't y out Wouldn't thelawletyoul Oh, that's it— is iti I'm in Worcestershire, and your . warrant is for Warwickshire. Ho, ho, ho I Good old Jones !' To see tbe way Tod danced about in the face of the constable as he s&id; this — the most agravating dance conceivable ! To see the old chap's insane gestures, and his poor fat legs trying to ; dance too 1 Oh it was good! Refreshing one's, spirits ; after They kept it up tffl dosk. And then old Jones, with the staff and the b&ndcafls;, went, carrying back his. rage to. the Manor. I stayed there with Tod, op the, safe side of the boundary, telling him how. ths&scovery; bad come, as we walked about to keep our selves warm. Tod laughed himself hoarse at the relation. Down come the snow, a sharp, blinding shower of it. Under its safe cover, Tod stole home, I acting as pioneer, ?with, my eyes on all sides. He got in through the dairy-window, and so up to his bed-room, not asuul seeing him ; and I smuggled bim I up some bread and cheese and- beef. The I constable was taking a good meal in the I kitchcD, enchaining all tbe servants with the account of Master Joe's wicked doings. Tod sent me for some more beer, and Mrs. Todhetley pounced upon me as I was creep i ing down the staircase. I ' You must come in and have some din I ner, Johnny,' she said. ' Mr. Todhetley is not angry with you j he knows you'd not dare to do anything of the sort. Where have you been all day t You must behalf starved.' . The Pater helped me to a jolly good serv ing of beef .j he saw I looked frightened ; and Mrs. Todhetley gave me two great slices of plum-pudding. ' What do you know about the business, Jouny 1' asked the Pater, while I was eat ing the pudding, his tone was a kind one. . ' Nothing,' I answered, shivering in wardly. ' And, if you please, sir,' despera tion gave me courage to. say,' I couldn't have told of Joe, if I had.' The storm got worse as tbe evening went on. The wind howled, the .snow, came' drifting agaipst the dining-room windows. Generally the Pater went to sleep after din ner, but he was wide awake now. Hugh and Lena had gone to bed ; Mrs. Todhetley was mending socks. Every now and then the Pater would walk to the window, draw aside the blind, and look out ' I wonder where that young scamp, Joe, is V He suddenly said, at about the sixth look. ' One wouldn't wish a dog to be out such a night as this.' 'Oh, Mr. Todhetley, wont you forgive him ?' exclaimed my stepmother, the tears rising to her eves. ' he may be freezing to death in the snow.' ' Serve him right !' growled Mr. Todhet ley. ' No, no ! Poor boy ! you know, sir, you never did strike him before. And it was Christmas Day ; and he was notinfault, after all.' Mr Todhetley seized the poker, and drove it into the grate with such force that the live coals came flying out Evidently he was vexed with somebody or other, unless it was himself. ' Suppose he should go and enlist for a soldier ! continued Mrs. Todhetley, who was sure to look on the worst side of things. ' Yon know he threatened it once. ' Not he ! said the Pater,' sending down the poker with a noise. ' Perhaps he's lying under some hedge for shelter — that high one beyond the dyke ; or the dyke itself If sleep overtakes, him he'll be frozen to death before, morning.' Mr Todhetley started up. 'I think Til go and look after him.1' 'Not you,' shesaid; ' let Johnny. go. You wont mind it, will you. Johnny, i Try and find poor Joe ; and tell him — tell him' (looking at the Pater) 'that his papa will forgive him,' ' May I tell it him, sir t' ' Nonsense, Johnny !' said., the Squire, putting on as gruff a tone as. old blossom's. 'You can't find him.' - * I think I could, sir.' ' You young rascal, you know wherjs he is ! Tell mp- this inst.int !' ' I'll tell yon, sir, if you'll promise to forgive him.' ' Forgive him for making, crying sights, of my ponies !' returned the- Pater ; 'and me the Uughing-stockof all Warwickshire ! I'd rather be seen behind a couple of niules. Go and look at the poor docked wretches.' 'Their tails will grow again, sir,' I pleaded,' not in the least kuowingwhethertheywoold. or not 'Joe says that the feel of his Cither's whip will never wear off hjs back. He'd not have . minded it. from, anybody' else.' ...... ' The Squire swallowed 'in bis throat a Wet, well ; Til noVhave him taken up, and I won't beat Mm. There, go and bring him home, Johnny .n . ; ...- 'Ypn'cancpme.t^.pleaBe.*'' '. . /.^ We went ap-etairs in a body,' the' ' three 6f us. ' Tod 'was asleepV'He lay with.: one' arm outside the . bed^cloths,; and:the . Blurt-, sleeve had been pushed op (to the shoulder,! showing sbmebjjie. wheafer-tnoSe left 'on it on Cnristmas Day. Mrs.- Todhe,tJeJ' quickly drew the. Bleeve down, and pat the arm gently inside the bed. ? ; ?...? ??'??; ', '; jrutn: «»uv t uuu i# ^kwjsm jiiu, boiu- -mic Squire, in aeoft voice. ' Bat I must have a talk with bim to-morrow. He can't expert to ahave .off ponies' tails, and-Jiot get told of it' And we went down-Btairs, again. ' It was all through the missis,' I said to Tod when he awoke, respectfully alluding to Mrs. Todbetly. ' But for her- the Pater would hot have come to./ fihe wants to be kind to you, Tea.' V ' MadaniiShams,' TOtomed Tod. ' Zeay, Johnny, though,' I'd give -my next quarters allowance to be able to nndo it I dreamt just-now that, the Pater was, dying,- and that that precious gander of a Doff came' in with his. cane and -his long face, and said theponies' tails had killed bi«ri.' . There's no more room, I'Jl tell some thing eke about Tod .another time. . JOHKHT LtTDLOW. William the CoNqnEREit'e Tomb. — And there is food 'enough for .reverie in this grand old church of William the Conqueror for- those who cherish historic memories. Men built well in his days, and here we look still on the very lines they conceived, the very stones they piled in the vast nave, the lofty vaults, the noble transepts. The large simplicity of the plan strikes as with a grave admiration. The spaces, the masses, are perfectly distributed and com bined. There are neglect and dust ; there are the traces of violent ravage, of war, of revolution; bat there is no mean attempt at restoration to vex us, and no profusion of ornament to distract Outside, Van dalism has been active and methodical in constructing even more than in destroying ; but within, this finest and most ancient of of the Norman basilicas has suffered chiefly from being left alone. Long ago, in the wars of religion, in the sixteenth century, the ashes of the founder were scattered to the fonr winds; bat an inscription in black marble marks the place of his sepul ture in front of the high altar, signifying that there had been buried, in 1087, the invincible William the Conqueror, Duke of Normandy and King of England.—— Dickens'a AU the Ytar Bound. 