THEATRE ROYAL. I RE-APPEARANCE OF MR. JAMES STARK. The opening of the Theatre Royal last evening' under the lesseeship of Mr. F. JB. Watson, and the re-introduction to our play-goers of the eminent tragedian, Mr. James Stark, is an event in the history of the drama in Hobart Town, which has been, we are happy to say, duly appreciated by the admirers of true histrionic talent. It is nearly fifteen years since Mr. Stark first appeared on the boards of the Theatre Royal, and notwithstanding the great political meeting at the Town Hall and the excitement prevailing among our citizens on the subject of the main line railway, he was greeted last evening by a house packed with old admirers. The dress circle was well filled, the upper circle was crowded, and in the pit standing room was hardly obtainable. The piece selected for the opening night was Shakespeare's tragedy of Hamlet, and better judgment could not well have been exercised. We regret much that the demands upon our literary staff, owing to the public meeting and other matters, preclude the possibility of our entering upon a critical notice of the representation, inasmuch as our critic was prevented by other engagements from witnessing more than about two-thirds of the first act. Of this portion of the play, however, we can but speak in the highest terms. Everything betokened a revival of legitimate drama, such as we have not witnessed in Hobart Town for many a day. There was a capital orchestra under the direction of Mr. Dentith, time was kept in the raising of the curtain, the scenery and appointments were characteristic, and the management is deserving of the highest praise for the manner in which the piece was mounted, and placed upon the stage. The company, judging by that portion of the tragedy which we were enabled to witness, is a very talented one, and fully adequate to the task which has been undertaken by the management. To begin with the " Star," Mr. Stark's reception last evening was a perfect ovation. Round after round of applause greeted his ap- pearance in the second scene, and it was some time before the play was permitted to proceed. From what we witnessed of his acting , we are enabled to say that he has improved rather than otherwise, since lost he appeared before a Hobart Town audience, and there is a finish characterising his bearing upon the stage which it would be difficult to sur- pass. His elocution is distinguished by the peculiarity of the American school, but not un- pleasantly so, and a more intelligent or careful reading of the part of the " Philosophic Dane" it would be impossible to conceive. We were scarcely able in the limited time during which we were present, to appreciate Mr. Stark's conception of the character of " Hamlet," but we trust yet to have an opportunity of witnessing a complete representation. Fore- most among those members who came under notice last evening, we must mention Mr. W. H. Metcalf, who performed the part of " Horatio." This gentleman is a careful and pleasing reader, and a good actor, and was loudly applauded for several of his speeches. Mr. Andrews, who performed the part of " Marcellus," also appeared to advantage. Mr. Musgrave is an old favorite, and his representation of the character of the old chamberlain "Pokmius," is well known throughout the Australian colonies. The very difficult part of the " Ghost," was allotted to a gentleman who has been some time in Hobart Town, Mr. E. H. Reeves and his performance of it was such as to elicit the highest encomiums. The manner in which he delivered the beautiful language in which the band has clothed the revelations of the spirit of the Royal Dane, was far above mediocrity, and proves that this gentleman possesses talents of no mean order, if only he know how to turn them to good account. Mr. T. Noble as " Claudius," and Miss Metcalfe as " Queen Gertrude both acquitted themselves creditably; Mr. G. W. Collier as " Laertes" was also well received. Mrs. Harry Jackson on appearing in the character of " Ophelia," was greeted with the warmest plaudits, and fully sustained her character as a pleasing and painstaking article. We are given to understand that the whole representation was a decided success. To-night Mr. Stark is to appear again in his favorite character of " Ingomar, the Barbarian." 