I' the opinion of the Brisbna~i Cd~iiIt' does not matter much which threeMfdili* are elected to represent WeistX6retopjiiih" new Parliament. As we, howeverflza a different opinion, we thiol ift p while to devote a few remarks to??th c It does not appear to athiath.M reality more than five candidat.'-ThiW?'e "' - first time we ever heard Mr. DAiS,9E iton 1 mentioned in connection with ipolitiiicis .. although, as an old resident and lauded p.k. prietor, and one whose interests ste tM . roughly identified with the colony, heie ens . titled to consideration, still, having never e . taken any part in public affairs;, aind'i: t having even bshown himself at the tomina? @ we shall be rather surprised :if he' stu iw scoring double figures on the poll -AmdWth1 . fegard to ?MkOLcSTEs' J a, although, in:' common perhaps with all who iowiw..' erratic young gentleman, we have a greats personal liking tfor him, still we think anyj constituency that should eleet him 'aiisi e presentative under the cireunsntaniee ouold deserve to be disfranchised. We areti fore reduced to five, and in our opiniOn three of the five might be elec?'tuou. discredit to the constituency. : ;??a Mr. O'Su?rvaw, however, we had hob i-d' would not be brought forward on' 'this' o?.in " sion. Having so recently.failed :albtlief in his duty as our representative'-h .gin the prosecution of his own private :afa abandoned our service entirely--- ablenting' himself from the discussion of the most imo portant measure ever submitted to a Queens land Parliament, and one wbhich:mighthiave been greatly benefitted by the applcation of his talents and industry and, foresight. having, we say, completely failed in.ls charging the duties he undertook to plerfs? we think it would have beei veryi; muc better if he had remained, for a timant least,Ž in retirement. It may perhaps be saidttihi~t such is his desire, and that his frien'ds g-a'o' posed him against his will. If so,'let ?him?n' state the fact before polling day, and request his supporters to strike his name off their voting papers. If, however, as we fear is the case, he is brought forward with his own consent, then the least his proposer. or seconder could have done would have .ee.:& to assure the electors that he was now m a position to serve them effectively. Nothing of this kind has been done, and therefore, high as is our opinion of Mr. O'Sr.narva's capabilities, we shall certainly not give him a vote this time. Mr. Tnoaiw's career hs a member of Parlias ment may almost be haid to beh' chiefly'dis. tinguished for the very paltry attempts made' to depreciate him in the Brisbane newipapeik. The Courier especially used never to let alip an opportunity for trying to make this young and inexperienced legislator appear ridiculous. There is no doubt that Mr. Teos's 'youth. and want of experience ought to have ren dered him more diflident of obtruding his opinions on every occasion, in connection with every subject, in an Assembly consisting for' the most part of men who served their politi cal apprenticeship almost before he was born, and could hardly fail to regard as unbecom ing and offensive the far too frequent and sometimes rather confused utterances of the young member. In our opinion, however, this offence, considered so mortal by Brisbane writers, was caused less by vanity and pre sumption than by a sincere desire to throw as much light as he could on whatever'mnb-' jects might happen to be under discussion. The great dereliction of which we considerS Mr. Tnoex was guilty during his brief Par' liamentary career was that of ae -ting' " himself from the division on Yr. F??oNo 's?. want of confidence motion. We do pid?.: say that he was bound to sup th< -Government (although that was naturally expected of him), or that he was bound to \- vote at all; but, failing to do so, it was at least to. be looked for that one uasually so prone to air his eloquence should give some explanation of the strange course he adopted. Not having done this at the time, he should have availed himself of the opportunity af forded'by the nomination. That no question was put to him on the subject shows how very little elections are affected by the merits. Passing this by, we may observe that Mr. Tw"oa has at least one great virtue; he is Sindefatigable. He really takes an absorbing interestin his work, and, though envious de tractors may say that hle only gives himself thus devotedly to polities in the hope that he mayone day becalled upon tb tbform a ministry, still kwe think hardly any one will deny that I this is a more creditable ambition in a repre sentative than that miserable desire of being pensioned off on the country by which so Smany candidates for parliamentary honours are notoriously inspired. We have serious thoughts of giving this gentleman a vote. Of Mr. FoasEs we hardly know what to say. i This gentleman is a philosopher, and, as we read in,a late number of the Saturday, "No. moitch. severer fate can overtake a man; among the smaller tribulations of the world, than to have thrust upon him this reputation." Whether or not Mr. FoanEs has a cousin who plays the German flute, and is therefore himself credited with a perfect knowledge of the writings of GOETHE and other- classic writers of Fatherland, we cannot say: certain it is that be has read rSTUAvTr Mr~Lrand has not forgotten to tell us so, and that, in the opinion of some who hear him talk, he is very little, if at all, inferior to that possibly somew hat overrated high priest of political economyand expounder -of the true principles of representative Government. It is unfortunate for Mr. 'Foans that he sits on so high a horse. \- Hardly any other man in the colony but him S-except perhaps Mr. WILLIa?a BBOOxEB- would ever have thought of making a hustings speech the vehicle for a very dry lecture on the esrepresentation of minorities. But so itis seually with philosophers: instead of coming 6 down to the level of common people, they try to draw us up to the high eminences on whichl.Nature has ordained that they should s..it inetate. West Moreton, however, might Shave ~orees members than Mr. FoanaBEs, who .as:ai large stake in the country and is not : l oikelyto hang on.to any Government in the i,.opeof being admitted into the Society of B-heBarhaeles. It is very probable that we maygive him a lift on Monday. L Mr. CAMBs ,amande avery sensible speech at the nomination. He spoke like a man of buseineis and a man of large eiperience. But ; .r. ) Os,? a L must surely know that he has not the ghost of a chance of making even a ashow: at the poll, Why then did he permit 7 ' many old friends" to induce him to come \- forwd~fih, these friends, these Jriende! :.they bae sfth in effect our greatest eiemies. 3 'esid?;- . O ser?iEbl ii now, so far as we I're AW r?? isbane man, and we . have \- Gprlyno occasion to go to the metropolis for S g~ ber. :os`3r]?Eboasox is not a very old colonist, &.inia'?p? young?nan4 those who know him isv'? rmla ar6swar" that be does not carry a 4eeionsl~k. eaduapon his shoulders. One g:r:e:p oiutin nfavour of this candidate is that, :i ging him, it does. ot appear that the mer a?l:aie ~:interest is likely to be at allrepre s ented in the new Parliament. Altnough Mr. bobosow- hile been only a few years in ithe idoloiy, we believe that no, one in this -distrit has more thoroughly identified him slfsith the interests of Ipswich aid West .Mo.eton than he, His own future, vs a young man of eniterprise, depends on the future prosperity of this district, andrwe feel sur that, ,if elected, he would devote his • ien e honestly and heartily to-the general gooUWeeertainly shall not erase his name f.rm our voting paper. 