WHIT-MONDAY AT THE HORSE SHOW. By Petek 'Pobbvm. My intimate acquaintances in New South Wales will be amused at my presumption in venturing to write about horses; it will seem to them much as if ' honest Jack Robertson' (I charitably suppose that he is Btill bo called) should take upon himself to criticise Dr. Badham's quantities, I must confess that the horsemanship I displayed in the colony was not of the noble world-witching kind — was rather of the epecies which provokes satirical small boys to advise the equestrian to 'come down and get in Eide.' Like the little Jellaby, who notched his legs with records of his tumbles downstairs, I bear about in my body stigmata of my spills in New South Wales, To say nothing of minor marks, my puffed right cheek often painfully reminds me of the 'sensation header ' I took one Sunday cfternoon into the South Head scrub — after dining at 'Temotee,' Cheval's, too!— from the back of a hack hired at the livery stables at the corner ofCastlereagh-street (or Eliza beth- street, was itr): a heck so indignant at the unwonted sort in which he had been handled, that, as soon as he was caught and denuded of saddle and bridle by the nearest hostler, he trotted back to Syd ney again ; leaving me with his harness on my hands, and the possible imputation of having stolen it upon my character. The hand with which 1 write is unsym metrically angular about the thumb joint, from a caf sise I got whilst attempting to make my BengalH ' Creeping Jenny ' (set apart for my use with con temptuous compassion for my equestrian incapacity) leap a log in the moonlit woods of Edinglassie. And I shall carry to my grave the clumsily-cruel auto graph which a great brute of a New England stock horse, a temporary occupant of the Ben galla stable — 'Wanderer' was the wretch's name — inscribed on my right foot, when he flung me and then trampled on me — the big coward - just out side Muswelfbrook : shamming that he— a New England stock-horse— had been startled, like an old England stock-broker, by the apparition of a pawing bull- calf However, you may admire horses, although you cannot ride them, juBt as you may admire poems, although you cannot write them. That is, when the hones ere worth admiring — which was not his case, let be remind Wanderer. The beast was as hideous physically as morally — a magnified caricature of the ' poleys ' amongst the stock he wes wont to head. But it is ignoble to suffer animosity to pursue the dead. Extinctus amabitur idem. Doubtless, Wanderer by this time has wandered into Hades. Perhaps, he was boiled down ; perhaps crows, and carrion hawks, and ants have picked hie ungainly bones. I cannot help hoping that his end was ignominious, but may his spirit rest in peace. If his ghost is anything like what his carcase was, it would be a waste of condoning compassion to hope that Pluto has not put him into his team. Pluto is far too good a judge of horseflesh— or shadow. To return to upper air, although I do not profess to be any such judge at all, I found my way to the Horse Show on Whit Monday, in company with some thousands of other holiday-makers. A per- centage of these, I cannot help suspecting, knew even less about a horse than I do jnyself — especially sundry bob-tailed light-overcoated youths, moBt knowingly critical, and BportiEg again the blue and green veils and white hats they had worn, or shammed to wear, the week before at Epsom — but the general tone of the assembly was indubitably horsey. Two Frenchmea, got up in English swell sporting style, sent over by the Emperor to inspect, gazed with undisguised atonishment, from the red-snd-white canopied royal bjx, on the seiried hundreds of intelligently philippic spectators who hedged the barriers of the arena, occupied the long lines of box and gallery seats, and thronged the refreshment-bars of those enterprising ' returned Australians,' and monopolising caterers, Spiers and Pond. Women w ere in the minority, but still it was a very reEpectableminority ; and its average of experts seemed larger than in the case of tbe males. Almost all the women there appeared to have gone to look at the horses, because they were able to form Bome approxi mation, at any rate, to a rational estimate of what they were looking at. There was, I repeat, a generally and genuinely horsey tone in the company. There must have been, or thousands would not have stayed and stewed for hours in a place which, in spite of its size, and the blue and white awning which veiled its glass, was filled with a generally horsey fragrance. Neatly 400 horses were in the building, and its warmth and ammoniacal odours combined made the great glass-roofed hall something like a Titan's cucumber-frame, Whit-Monday was a glorious day— one of those brilliantly, balmily blue and-golden days which for more than a month have made me fancy myself back in New South WaleB — until my eye lalls on the bush, vivid, virgin verdure with which no evergreen foliage can compare. I may mention, by the bye, that I heard the deplorable defeat of the Australian cricketers at Kennington charitably excused on the ground that they were ' overcome by the heat.' I may also mention that I have expei ienced considerable difficulty, and occasion ally flat incredulity, in explaining that the Blackfellow Eleven are not ' Australian natives' in year sense of the word. One friend of mine, who plumes himself on his Johnsonian orthodoxy and grandiloquence, thus addresses me : ' Sir, I can make allowance for a fond ness for logomachy, but I can make no excuse, Sir, for a palpable lack of candour. In your puerile pro pensity to dispute the indisputable — much, Sir, as the baying puppy attempts to bark out the moon — you bave sometimes ventured to ques tion the solidity of my arguments in favour of tlie common origin of the human race. (It is waste of words, Sir, to remark that the want of solidity was in your own shallow un derstanding). But, Sir, you had lived in Australia — ycu bad seen hundreds ofeuch men as these— and yet you maintained that clime and circumstances could not produce the modifications which I attributed to them. Will you presume, Sir, now to aBsail their agency, when I see before tne changes so marvellous, in colour, form, and feature, in the very first generation of offshoots from (with what Eciolistic pretension) you term the ?Caucasian stock,' when transplanted into Australian soil ? ' The bell was ringing as I entered for Class IX , Park Hacks and Ladies' Horses, not exceeding 15.1 hands high, to parade themselves before the judges and their assessors, or rather co-stants ; a knot of military swells and equirarcbical old fellows, all plainly branded horse-knowing, except one short old gentleman, the most industrious of the lot, who fussed about in a slate- coloured wrapper and without his hat, looking far more like a school master inspecting his boys' copy-books than an authority on horeee' points. In trooped the beautiful creatur»s — grey, white, golden bay, black, chesnut, bay, £un, blight bay, brown, bright chesnut, black brown, dark trown, dark bay, and blue roan — with all kindB of riders on their backs, old country gentlemen, young country gentlemen, and young town gentlemen, farmep, trades men, horse-dealers, swell grooms in spotless buckskins, country grooms in tan-topped boots, and tne young lady, wiih a bright chesnut chignon, on a bright chesnut mare, appropriately named Golden Light. Walk, walk, walk — as the baby's recitative has it — amble, amble, amble — trot, trot, trot, trot — canter, canter, oanter— gallop, a gallop, a ga'lop: so they went round and round. There were eo many beauties, that the judges must have felt far more puzzled than Paris. Gradually, hawever, they weeded out the lot — although that is scarcely an appropriate phr- se when not a single one of the com- { pttitors could, in the technical sense, be called a ' weed.' Beautiful Golden light had to vanish, because knotting eyes discovered tome microscspical blemish in her off foreleg. Grey Kaplan, whose hoofs had sunk in Arabian sands, a present from the Sultan to the Prince of Wales, was dismissed because he fell short of his English competitors in 'Btamina;' but eventually the first prize was given to the Prince's white Arab mare, Rupee. The Prince is a favourite at the Hall, on account of the hearty way in which he assists et its zoological shows in person and by exhibits. Nevertheless, Rupee was hissed when she received the blue ribbon, whilst the second and third prize- takers were lustily cheered. The popular judg ment had assigned the first place to a beautiful golden-bay Arab, bred by Prince Orloff. The owner of another distanced competitor entered into warm controversy with the judges, emphatically informing them that their decision was ' an infernal shame.' It was amusing to note the personal matter which both owners and groomB made of the appraisement of their pets' atti actions. In one instance, this affection became eo ardent as to cease to be amusing. ' The nail was druv into her fut,' exclaimed a red-faced groom, whose darling had turned suddenly lame. ' If I could only spot the dung as did it, by G — , he should never drive another! I'd hang for him, I would. I'd till him, I tell ye. I'd pound him about the head till his (double B) of a mother wouldn't know 'un.' Whilst the competitions were in pro gress, however, it was equally droll to note the politely perfect impartiality which the riders and drivers strove to preserve. They chatted together quite amicably when ordered to draw up alongside one another for final adjudication, and even passed cautiously cour teous compliments on one another's animals. It was only when the judges appeared with tbe blue, red, snd orange bunches, and the slim green 'com- mended' ribbons in their hands, that the rivals ceaBed to look impassively careless. When the badges had been distributed, flaunting was the triumph of the decorated prize-takers as they rode and drove round the ring. Evil were the eyes of the sullenly retiring defeated. It would be wearisome to go through all the judg ments. I may mention, however, the seneation which was caused by the appearance of the Daniel Lambert like Captain Hargreaves on his brown cob Hero — literally 'a dray horse in miniature.' One of the judge6 jocoEdy warned the riger that the 'Suppres- sion of Cruelty' officers would be down on him ; but ' Carry him t Why, it fould carry St. Paul's,' waB the general verdict on tbe stalwatt little engine turnspit. Another little oddity figured amongst the stallions : Sultan, a bay three year-old, just 38 inches high, All the prize-takers prepared their animals for their paiade after the competitions with loving care, but tbe stallions' grooms in this respect were specially prominent. To lady's-maid adroitness they added mother's proudly anxiouB affection in their titivations. That figure, however, is a bad one; for, splendid as was the beauty of the magnificent, mirror skinned, softly- rounded, delicately-nosed creatures, it was over borne by their masculine pride and vigour as they neighed, curvetted, and dragged their grooms after them at the end of their long ' leading ' reins. After the partdes, came the jumping. Bushy fences were erected, and the ring became a hunting-field. The Prince's chesnut gelding. Knight of St. Patrick, ridden by a groom, got up exactly after the model of his master's neat hunting-dress, leaped some half- dozen times, in a condescending sort of way, for the grati fication of the lieges, but tbe others went at the tufted hurdles fast and furious. One of the pluckiest of the riders was a little chap of 11, who dashed at anything, trusting to his equally plucky little nag to carTy him over. Thunderous hurrahs ran round the ring as horse after horse dashed over. Direly were the horses hooted that wheeled round, as if .on a pivot, wEen they reached the barriers. Gieat was the merriment w hen cool old stagers, not paring to jump, when there were no hounds to follow, eidled through gaps, or quietly pushed the whole concern down with their shouldeis. There was every now and then a spUl, but, since the soil was Boftj that only added to the fun ; and in a second or two the dismounted rider, hatless, or with comically damaged castor, was in the seddle again, careering after the others with a wild view halloo. I can see that the Frenchmen I have spoken of thought les Anglais a very funny people — to be rushing round and round like that, after nothing ! - ? 