THE DECEMBER MAILS FROM EUROPE. -* The Argus Office, Wednesday Morning. The Peninsular and Oriental Company's steamship Geelong, Captain Skottowe, arrived in Hobson's Bay shortly before midnight, with the English December mails, and will proceed at an early hour this morning on her voyage to Sydney. The following are the letters of our London correspondent : LONDON, DEC. 20, 1807. THE SEASON. In the ceaseless cycle of the years, Christmas has come round again, with its holly and its mistletoe, its family reunions, and its festive gatherings, but not with its accustomed overflow of "merriment." The mind of the English public is not in a very jocund frame just now. Outward circumstances are not propitious, "While we have much to be thankful for sinister tokens are thicken- ing about us, and troublous signs occasion deep sadness and anxiety. Commercial distrust and stagnation of trade ; the ruin, partial or entire of hundreds of once well-to-do families, and the impoverishment and threatened starvation of thousands of working men in the metropolis and else- where the desolation wrought during the past few weeks by hurricane, by earthquake, by explosions, and by conflagrations, and the urgent appeals to public benevolence for the sufferers ; the universal spread of lawlessness and sedition, and the amazing growth of Fenian discontent and criminal audacity ; the imminence of an ecclesiastical conflict and revolution in the country ; the imposition of heavier taxation to sustain a war which no one loves and the stormy aspect of Continental politics, these are among the foremost of the evils which oppress the nation's heart, and render the Christmas of 1857 a less joyous season than usual. May the coming year usher in a more hopeful state of things ! THE AUTUMN SESSION OF PARLIAMENT. The preliminary session of Parliament, necessitated by the Abyssinian war, which began on the 19th of November, was closed on the 7th inst., and the Houses will not re- assemble until the 13th of February next. The proceedings of this extra session have been generally of the most de- sultry character. Except on one occasion, when there was a tolerable full house, the attendance of members has not exceeded 200, and has often been below 100, and those who have been present were more on grossed with private business than with the affairs of the empire. There has been plenty of interpolating, on matters past, present, and to come ; but no subject or national importance has been discussed with any earnest- ness, no great memorable speech has been made, and no serious attempt has been made to pledge the Government to any distinct legislative work in the winter session. The Ministry, who anticipated a stout resistance to their Abyssinian policy, were dealt with very leniently. Mr. Gladstone has been so for hearing that some of the advanced Liberal papers, which are never satisfied unless bad blood is ever kept boiling, have upbraided him for his want of pluck. What is the use of a righting man if he won't fight when he is expected to do so ? But Mr. Gladstone, though impetuous and fiery when roused, possesses a noble andgenorousnaturej and even had there been anything in the proposals or policy of the Government to justify demonstrations of party hostility, the painful circumstances under which Mr. Disraeli met Parliament would have sufficed to win the forbearance of the Opposition leader. At the opening of the session, Mrs. Disraeli was hovering apparently between life and death and no sooner was the wife of the Chancellor of the Exchequer pronounced out of danger than he was seized with a violent attack of lumbago, which laid him aside from public business, and devolved the leadership of the house upon Lord Stanley-a function which his lordship discharged with great tact and judgment. THE BEGINNING OF THE DEBATE. The great field-day of the ad interim session was on Tuesday, the 26th ult., when the debate on the Abyssinian expedition took place. Both sides on that occasion were fully marshalled. Members of the Upper House came down in such force and numbers as to remind the spectator of the Monday nights of last session when a Ministerial crisis was expected. The seats devoted to strangers were crowded, and the aspect of the House was unmistakably indicative of matter of interest. The floor of the house was pretty fully occupied by members, some hundred of whom had come up to town on the previous day, the leading Ministers filled the Treasury bench, and a certain eagerness pervaded all present. After transacting some ordinary business, the House resolved itself into a committee of supply, when the Chancellor of the Exchequer moved a vote of credit for the unpopular Abyssinian expedition, He reviewed the transactions which had rendered this intervention necessary stated that before the prorogation of Parliament, last August, Government had contemplated the probability of such a step, but owing to the' lack of adequate information they were unable to decide upon the period. About the middle of August, however, when the majority of the members had left town, and the session was just expiring, information was received that King Theodore had rejected the ultimatum of the British Government; and just after Lord Stanley's speech, the Governor of Bombay informed the home authorities that he could have all ready for the expedition this year, and urged that no time should be lost. The delay of a few months would involve the loss of a whole year, since military operations in Abyssinia would be impossible after the month of April. It was under these circumstances that the Government came to a reluctant resolution that measures of conciliation and magnanimity having failed, it was their duty to resort to force for the recovery of the captives. No disrespect was intended towards the people's representatives, nor had there been any desire to withdraw the matter from their jurisdiction. Assuming that the object of the expedition would be attained by the end of April, the total estimated cost would be about £4,000,000; but only half that amount was asked for now, because only that sum could be expended within this financial year, and also because if King Theodore should be so obliging as to surrender the captives without an actual war, £2,000,000 would about represent the cost of placing Sir R. Napier's force in Abyssinia. REPROACHES AND RECRIMINATIONS. Hereupon commenced a seriesof reproaches and indications, of charges and retaliation, of blue-book citations and counter quotations, of personal attacks and chivalric defences, which were sustained with unedifying acerbity until the adjournment of the House brought an enforced silence. No one ventured seriously to question the necessity of the expedition, or proposed a refusal of the vote for which Ministers had applied. The money was spent, and Parliament really had no option in the matter. But speaker after speaker denounced the wretched official blundering of successive Administrations, which had caused the present complications, and given birth this "miserable necessity," as The Times calls the expedition. The protracted discussions, with their party attacks and parryings, have certainly disclosed a a state of things in our Foreign office which is as dangerous as it is disgraceful. King Theodore's ostensible reason for the detention of his European captives is the indignity displayed in not answering a letter which three years ago his sable majesty addressed to Queen Victoria. That letter the Queen never saw. Received at the Foreign office, it was sent to the India office, and there lay for three years on the table of Mr. Kaye, a subordinate of that department. Although it bore Lord Russell's initials, he had forgotten its existence, and denied all recollection of having ever seen it. Mr. Layard, under-secretary at the time of its arrival, similarly denied all knowledge of it, and said that it did not belong to his department. Thus, through this gross official negligence, the country is drawn into an inglorious war which, before we are fairly out of it, will not improbably cost us ten millions sterling. MR. LOWE'S SPEECH. But to return to the first evening's debate. The attack on the Government was commenced by Mr. Lowe, who took the place of the leader of the Opposition. He complained that the Government, having manifestly made up their minds on the 13th of August to despatch the expedition, did not at once communicate their intention to the House, which was still in session. On the 26th of July there was a debate on the subject, when Lord Stanley, after dwelling forcibly on the difficulties of a war with Abyssinia, said " It would be madness to throw a British army into that country without a full previous investigation, and he refused to give any pledge on the part of the Government as to an expedition, unless it is found to be practicable with only a reasonable expends time of men and means." Yet, in little less than a fortnight the expedition was ordered, and it is clear from the blue-book that preparations had long been making for it. Mr. Lowe stigmatised this as an attempt to deceive Parliament. Another charge was that Government had violated the law, by charging on the Indian revenue? the expenses of the Indian troops employed on the expedition. Lord Stanley's answer which was generally accepted as frank and satisfactory- was to the effect that the Government got important information as to the practicability of the enterprise between the dates mentioned and as to consulting Parliament on the eve of its prorogation, there were three alternatives before the Government To put off all action for fifteen months to pledge the House in form by the vote of one-tenth of its members ; or, to leave the House unpledged, and commit only ourselves, intending to obtain at the earliest moment, a ratification of our proceedings. We thought the first weak, the second unfair, and the last the only one open to our adop- tion." MR. LAYARD'S DEFENCE. Mr. Lowe's view was supported by Mr. Hors- man, while Mr. Layard defended the present Government and all past Governments who have had to do with Abyssinia. The majority of the speakers occupied themselves with the origins of the quarrel, condemning Consuls Howden and Cameron as well as the policy which sent them to the barbarians court. Mr. Gladstone (who spoke towards midnight) fully exonerated the Government from blame in their proceedings. " In their general conduct, he said, "they appear to me to have been guided enthroned hand by those mingled sentiments of regard to the honour of the country, and the fair and just rights and claims of British subjects, more especially of a British envoy and on the other hand, by that love of peace which on the whole is what we wish to find in those by whom the affairs of the country are administered." On the whole, the Ministry came honourably out of the 01 deal. HOW THE MONEY IS TO BE RAISED. On the evening of the 28th ult., in the absence of Mr. Disraeli from indisposition, Mr. Hunt stated the mode in which it was proposed to raise the £2,000,000 voted for the Abyssinian war. An additional penny is to be imposed on the income-tax for the present financial year, which, as has since been pointed out, will really be twopence on the twelve months, one-half of the financial year having already expired. This will bring into the Exchequer, between now and April next £840,000; £960,000 will be taken out of the Exchequer balances, and the remaining £200,000 will be supplied by the estimated surplus on the year's revenue. No serious exception was taken to these fiscal proposals The Government further proposed that India should bear a portion of the burden to the extent of the ordinary pay of the troops and shipping drawn from our Eastern empire, on the ground that the expedition is so costly because of considerations of present and so forth affecting that dependency. The Indian revenue will thus be charged with sum of about £300,000. The scheme was opposed by Mr. Fawcett and other members on the ground that the expedition was of Imperial rather than of Indian interest while the Government was supported by Mr Gladstone and Mr. Laing, who urged that the decision would not make India on shilling the poorer, nor would its rejection make her one shilling the richer ; it was merely borrowing from our Eastern de pendency a force which she could easily spare. In a House of nearly 200 members Mr. Fawcett found only twenty-three sup porters. CLOSE OF THE DEBATE. The regular discussion of Abyssinian at fairs closed on the evening just named, has a desultory and irritating conversation, mad piquant by personalities, was kept up for many evenings after. Early in the debate Mr-. Laird made an unprovoked attack upon: Dr. Beke, who has travelled in and written upon Abyssinia. Dr. Beke replied in a very temperate letter to The Times, whereupon: Mr. Land waxes fiercer than over, an grossly abuses the privileges of the House by a volley of invective against the traveller and his book, for which he was chivalrously called to order by Mr. Newdegate, and who was snubbed by the Speaker for his pains. Mr Rnssain, too, it has been insinuated, has at propriated some fabulous amount of silver the gift of King Theodore. But for the s scandals the records of Parliament must b searched. THE NEW MAIL CONTRACT. The new Eastern Mails contract with the P. and O. Company was sanctioned by the House of Commons on the 29th ult., though not without considerable grumbling, and division on the question. Mr. Ayrton complained of the shortness of the time allowed for tenders ; ridiculed guaranteed speedster miles an hour in the Mediterranean and nine and a half in the Red Sea ; thought the partnership clause," by which Govornmer pays up to £500,000 if the dividend does not teach six per cent., but claims half-profit of exceeds that amount, most unjustifiable and strongly denounced the long term ( twelve years. Mr. Samuda coincided i these strictures as to speed and as to partnership but thought £400,000 fair pay for the in creased service and Mr. Childers, while cer suring the Government for not acting in a conference with the recommendations of the committee of last year, and for entering in the partnership, regarded the contract as a avoidable, and accepted it with regret There is a report that the rate of postage to be raised to meet the augmented export lines step at once unpopular and st cial. THE AMERICAN MAIL. In anticipation of the expiration of t! Cunard contract, Government lately invite tenders for the conveyance of the America mails, and four were sent in. The Cure Company, however, was not among the nui ber and satisfied of the unworkable nature of the Government scheme, they actual began to dispose of their fleet. Goveriuue had proposed to abolish subsidies, paying of the service rendered by the value of t postages on each voyage. The Hamburg and American Company accepted the com tions, and were willing to undertake the si vice ; but for some cause or causes, to be her after explained and justified, thoauthoriti declined the offer, and entered into a tar cial arrangement with the Cunard Compa' for one year longer, at a fixed sum £80,000 for the double voyage. This tel porary engagement is said to be in com quence of negotiations now ponding with the United States Government, which, if such ful, will materially modify the postal system between the two countries THE COSTERMONGERS OF THE CITY In one important respect, the Government have endeavoured to repair the blunder! legislation of last session. By a certain ambiguous clause of the Metropolitan Streets Act Bill some 00,000 costermongers were prohibited from pursuing their customary occupation. The interdict was most arbitrary and monstrous, and the London newspapers of November will have made you acquainted with the excitement which the anticipated enforce- ment of the measure provoked., The cruelty of such an enactment struck almost every one, especially at a time when tens of thousands are on the verge of starvation in the eastern districts of London and owing to the utterance of a loud and almost universal protest on the part of the press, the operation of the act was hold in abeyance till the meeting of Parliament. It is now proposed by Mr. Hardy that the obnoxious act shall not apply to the costermongers, so long as they carry on their business in accordance with the rules of the police. This concession has quelled an incipient revolt. THE CABMEN'S STRIKE. But the costermongers were not the only body of industrious men affected by the provisions of this act. The cabmen also had a grievance. Both masters and men were irritated by the order compelling them to provide their cabs with lamps. Mr. Alderman Lawrence, when the costermongers' claims were under consideration in the House of Commons, endeavoured to gain a hearing for the complaints of " cabby, but both the Government and members of Parliament impatiently refused to entertain the question, The ordinary method of appeal having failed, the cabocracy resolved to apply irresistible pressure. A universal metropolitan strike was determined upon. On Wednesday, December 4, accordingly, all drivers of cabs were ordered to be at home by four o'clock in the afternoon, while a monster demonstration was to take place at seven o'clock on the same evening, at Exeter-hall. The meeting did take place, and was so crowded by thousands of masters and men, that a supplementary gathering was held in Trafalgar-square. The meetings were orderly, but a strong spirit of determination was evinced to compel Government to give way, and to continue the cab strike till their petition was granted. The forlorn and helpless condition of travellers arriving in London by the evening trains, and unable to get their luggage conveyed to their several destinations, may be readily conceived. A few solitary private cabs here and there ventured to show themselves for tempting fares, but they were chased and violently overturned, much to the peril of life and luggage. Lord Elcho in this crisis rendered good service to all parties in the strife, by mediating between the exasperated car-owners and the Government. While the Exeter-hall meeting was being held, he was going to and fro between the hall and the (Home Office, and by his conciliatory speech on the occasion did very much to facilitate an armistice between the warring powers. On the following day his lordship introduced a deputation to Mr. Hardy, who promised, if the coal-owners would leave the lamp question in his hands, he would next session promote a general revision of cab law. The Jehus were placated, the news of the compromise was transmitted from cab to cab all over London, and the dreaded strike was at an end, to the inexpressible joy of the travelling public. LORD JOHN RUSSELL ON EDUCATION. With a great flourish of trumpets, the obsolete Whig leader in the Upper House early in the month introduced the subject of national education, Fdrcscoing that this was likely to occupy the prominent attention of the Reformed Parliament, Earl Russell was resolved to anticipate the Government in any scheme which they might have in contemplation, he had been scandalously dashed" on the Reform question, and his rightful leadership most impudently usurped by the Tories but hewouldnotbe dished again. So, seeing that national education was the topic next coming to the forefront of domestic politics, the veteran statesman, with the war cries of youth vaulted into the post of leader, and proclaimed the necessity of a complete reorganisation of our educational institutions, from the national universities down to the schools of the poor. The resolutions, as originally placed on the books of the House of Lords, were very skilfully drawn, and seemed indicative of a bold and comprehensive policy ; but when they came to be expounded, they dwindled into commonplaces and disappointed everybody. The Duke of Marlborough replied, and there the matter ended. The affair was a sad fiasco. The duel excited so little interest that only some forty peers were present to support and cheer the combatants. CHURCH RATES. The Church-rates campaign has begun early, four bills having been introduced during the short session. Mr. Newdegate, not dis- heartened by his utter and continuous failure, is again in the field with his proposal to make church rates a charge upon land. Mr. rub board gives form and substance to the equally antiquated idea of exempting those who annually register their objections to pay the impost, The Abolition Bill of Mr. Hardcastle, which was last session carried through the Commons and rejected by the Lords, is also revived and Mr. Gladstone has given notice of a measure for the abolition of compulsory church rates, which will probably contain less complex provisions than the bill which foundered in 1866. BISHOP SELWYN. I last month announced that the see of Lichfield had been offered to the Bishop of New Zealand, and declined by him. That decision, however, was not irrevocable; for whatever the bishop's scruples may have been, they were ultimately overcome, and the preferred dignity accepted. There ap- peals to have been great difficulty in filling up the vacant see, owing to certain propos- sessions in high quarters, which the Premier was not at liberty to disregard and yet was unable to gratify. According to the echoes from the Clubs, the Premier was anxious to appoint the Bishop of Sodor and Man, while the two highest personages in the realm were determined that the Dean of Westminster should have the promotion. The difficulty was compromised at last by the appointment of Dr. Selwyn; and if anything could reconcile the colonists to the loss of their energetic, zealous, and truly apostolic metropolitan, it would be the knowledge of the wonderful concurrence of opinion in this country as to the wisdom of the appointment. Even the organs of the party in the church most opposed to the bishop's ecclesiastical principles join in the chorus of his praises. The new bishop has since his appointment preached before the Queen and Oxford has conferred on him the honorary degree of D.C.L, It was mentioned lately, in a speech by Dr. Selwyn, that he was one of the three bishops who rowed in the first Oxford and Cambridge boat-race, the other two being the bishops of Newcastle and of St. Andrew's. The bishopric of New Zealand, vacant by the resignation of Dr. Selwyn, will be con- ferred upon the Right Rev. J. C. Patteson, D.D., Bishop of the Melanesian, or South Pacific Isles. Dr. Patteson, who is a son of the late Mr. Justice Patteson, is a Fellow of Merton College, and graduated in 1893. He was consecrated in 1861, and has since that time acted as one of Bishop Selwyn's suffragans. His stated," says the Staffordshire Advertiser, "that the new Bishop of Lichfield will shortly after his consecration, visit his former diocese in New Zealand, to make certain necessary arrangements there, but that he will previously held an ordination in this diocese. It is understood that the new bishop intends to reside in the Episcopal Palace at Lichfield, the lease of which has lately fallen in and that the affairs of the diocese will, in his absence, be administered by one of the colonial bishops now in England." THE CHURCH OF ENGLAND. During the month the Pan-Anglican Synod of which Bishop Selwyn is so conspicuous am' active a member, has given proofs of its continued vitality. On the 10th Inst, it had an adjourned meeting, at which us many a' forty-two bishops were present. The chief business was to receive the reports of the several committees appointed in September: last. The committee on the Natal difficult: reported that it was " of the utmost importance, for removing the existing scandal iron the English communion," that Dr. Colons< should be prosecuted for heresy, and such a decision obtained as would warrant the Colonial Bishoprics Council to withhold his salary. The "spiritual validity" of his de position is accepted by the conference, and therefore, the committee hold-ft" to be the duty of the South African bishops, in conjunction with the clergy and laity, to appoint another bishop in his place. The report was received without discussion, and ordered to be printed. It will be observed that the Colonial Church is recognised as an organised and self- governing body, capable not only of electing, but of consecrating its own bishops, without external aid. and independently of external control. "The course," says the Daily News, " may be a wise one, but at the least it is radical and revolutionary." THE POPE'S FRIENDS. The Pope's friends in England, on the 14th Inst, got up a powerful meeting on his behalf, in St. James's hall, to protest against " the outrage and sacrilege which had been levelled against the Pope's person and office." Dr. Manning, who presided, said that £1,000 signatures had been attached in Westminster and Southwark to the requisition for the meeting. The object of the speakers was to deny that Rome was the capital of Italy, and to affirm that it was the capital of Christendom. The Archbishop denied that the Pope was the vassal of any power which might protect him and asserted that a Roman question raised in Italy was as great an injury to the Pope as a Canadian question raised in the United States, or a Malta question raised in Italy would be to England. Everybody who tried his strength with the Pope was crushed, which Dr. Manning regarded as the fulfilment of the pro- phecy, that whosoever shall fall on that stone shall be broken, but on whomsoever it shall fall it shall grind him to powder." Victor Emmanuel has not been reduced to powder yet. THE EVANGELICAL CHURCH. The Evangelical Church Conference met early in the month at Willis's Rooms, 600 strong, and decided on raising £00,000 to enable the Council to assist parishioners who may apply to them for advice and expenses of appeals to the law courts, undertaken for the purpose of ascertaining the law on any point involving Ro- man sing doctrines or ritualistic practices. There was a very determined spirit manifested to prosecute the High Churchmen ; so that we may look for abundance of litigation. Meanwhile, the great ritual case-the first by which the Church Association intends to drive, if possible, " the Romish innovators from their posts in the establishment-is at length fairly under weigh. The first counsel for the prosecution has delivered his long and elaborate argument in the Court of Arches, and Sir R. Phillimore has adjourned till after the Christmas holidays. Mr. Coleridge will then continue the statement of the promoters' case, and Dr. Swabey will wind up. The clergymen of St. Alban's will then be heard by their three counsel, and the Dean of Arches will indefinitely consider his judgment. It may, perhaps, be delivered by this time next year, and will be immediately followed by notice of appeal. As far as the case has proceeded, Mr. Stephen has made out an irresistible argument against the Ritualists. The charges against Mr. Mackonochie are reduced to the following four-elevating tho paten and cup, lighting candles on the com- munion-table, using incense, and mixing water with the wine. DESTRUCTION OF HER MAJESTY'S THEATRE. On the night of Friday, the 6th inst., the spacious and beautiful opera-house at the corner of the Haymarket known as Her Majesty's Theatre was completely destroyed by fire. The discovery was made about twenty minutes before eleven, and within a quarter of an hour of that time the fire had burst through the lofty roof, while the great masses of many-coloured smoke were carried rapidly southward by the wind. As a spectacle it was magnificent. At the height of the conflagration so brilliant was the blaze that Trafalgar-square was as bright as day far brighter, indeed, than it had been all day. No building burns like a theatre, and the larger it is the more rapid the destruction. Being a mere shell, there is, of course, a tremendous draught through it. Happily, there had been no performance on that evening. Had the event occurred when the house was full, the loss of life must have been terrible. The strong party wall which divided the theatre itself from the houses in Pall-mall sturdily resisted the flames. On its very summit, built on arches, is a great water- tank, and it seemed impossible that, with the fire blazing around it. this should not fall. But it held its position against the attack, though every part of the roof gave way to the intense heat. Mean- while the fire engines fought the conflagration gallantly. To keep it within its limits was, of course, the great object, and this was successfully effected ; though at one period there were serious apprehensions that the house occupied by Mr. Graves, the well-known picture dealer, must fall a victim to the de- vouring clement. The excitement throughout the metropolis was immense, tens of thousands of people flocking from all directions to the scene of the calamity. The loss to Mr, Mapleson, the lessee of the theatre, is heavy, for he is uninsured. The Earl of Dudley, the owner of the property, however, is said to be insured to the extent of about £70,000. Nothing beyond the bare walls of the huge building remain. Madame Titions, Mademoiselle Kellog, Mr. Santley, and the whole of the principal artistes, have lost entirely their extensive and costly wardrobes. The music, librettos, and scores of the various operas are all burned, together with the valuable orchestral instruments. In fact, so rapid and raging were the flames that nothing was saved. Although the son of Mr. Graves rescued from the fire a large amount of artistic property, yet several famous pictures then in his showrooms perished.' Upwards of 300 persons have been thrown out of employment by the disaster. THE APPALLING EXPLOSION AT NEWCASTLE. The explosive powers of nitro-glycerine were signally illustrated not long since by destroying half the town of Aspinwall and sink- ing the steamer by which this dangerous substance had been carried from Liverpool to America. The terrible lesson was renewed on the afternoon of the 17th inst., at Newcastle- on-Tyne. This most potent of all blasting agents had been kept for some months, it appears, in the cellars of a public house of that town, without any of the legal precautions. There were at first thirty canisters which were being slowly sold off, so that when the discovery was made only nine were left. When the mayor and other authorities heard of the existence of this peril in the cellar of the White Swan, close behind the branch Bank of England, they ordered the nitro-glycerine to be removed and destroyed and this was done under the superintendence of the sheriff, Mr. Mawson, himself a chemist, and the town surveyor, Mr. Bryson. Mr. Mawson intended to have it spread on the marshy soil of the moor, and it was taken out there in a spring van with that view. After emptying the canisters, however, in some of them a considerable quantity of crystallised matter was found adhering to the bottom, and some of the party went to bury the canisters in the moor, at a little distance. This they seem to have done, and they are supposed then to have beaten the earth down upon the tomb of the canisters with their spades. The concussion exploded the crystals with a tremendous report, killed five of the men, and so seriously injured the sheriff and town surveyor that both of them have died since, after great sufferings. Some of the poor victims who were close to the spot were blown literally to pieces ; thedrivnrof the cab which bore Messrs. Mawson and Bryson to the spot, who was stationed more than a hundred yards off, was hurled from his box by the shock, while the windows of the cab were broken. The ground in the neighbourhood looks as though a mine had been sprung. In the present excited state of the public mind, not a few persons put down this calamity to the account of Fenianism. They believe that these death-dealing canisters formed one of the secret stores of the con splinters, from which they have drawn as opportunity offered. The surmise that the Clerkenwell explosion was occasioned by nitro-glycerine gives a certain plausibility to this suspicion. Three days later on the 20th-the explosion was followed by a terrible fire at New castle, which raged for several hours. It commenced at a shipchandler, and extended to many large buildings contiguous to the premises of Messrs. Bell and Dunn, the destruction of property being immense. " Take this." says the Spectator, " with Tuesday's explosion, last week's explosion at Clerkenwell, the fire at Her Majesty's Theatre of the previous week, the terrible hurricane of October 31 in the West Indies, the great earthquake which followed it on November 18, the Indian cyclone of November 2, the violence of Manchester, the detonating condition of Ireland, the tremulous excitement of France, the smothered passion of Italy, the open preparations for war in Servia and Turkey, and we have such a crowd of physical and moral outbursts of violence I have only now and then been packed into the same short compass of history. THE EARTHQUAKE AT ST. THOMAS'. As if to complete the unfinished devastating work of the hurricane, a dreadful earthquake occurred at St. Thomas's on the afternoon of the 18th of November. It lasted only about two minutes, but the shock to the town was frightful, many houses being half ruined by its violence. At sea, the result was no less disastrous. The La Plata was coaling when the shock was first felt. Beyond frightening the crew and passengers, the shock itself did no harm ; but within two minutes-ogreat roller thirty feet high, with a snowy crest, was seen approaching the ship, which it threatened to strike broadside. Fortunately, before this could take place, the sea<in>the bay receded, and so far turned the vessel that it presented its quarter instead of its broadside to the roller. Still, many negroes were washed overboard, a boat carried away, the captain's gig stove in, and the ship's copper started. No substantial damage, however, was done; but the great wave rushed into the harbour, and filled the lower rooms of the town with water. Between the shock and the wave, the little island of Saba was, seen to be sending up fire and smoke, large rocks were hurled into the air, and a sulphurous smell pervaded the ship, giving a false alarm of fire. Many slighter convulsions succeeded, but no more of those awful rollers, The sun was shining brightly throughout, and there was no wind. The Columbian mail steamer, which was sunk by the hurricane, lies in thirty-eight feet of water, and has a very large hole in her side. The cargo is being saved, but it is expected that two or three months will be required to clear away the wreck. ? THE BLOWING UP OF THE BUBULTNA. The list of horrors would not be complete without a passing allusion to an explosion on board a Greek war steamer, called the Babu line, lying at the time in the Mersey. She had a crew of seventy-three men, five or six officers, and one passenger. intending to sail for Greece during the day, the captain had given orders that steam should be got up at six o'clock. This was done, when to the surprise and horror of those on board a terrific explosion took place amidships, rending the vessel in two and parting by a distance of 200 yards the after portion of the ship from the forward, bulkheads and the water- tight compartments, where the magazines were kept A large number were rescued from the waves, but it is feared that fully thirty have perished, and it is singular that, although the divers have descended to the submerged wreck, no bodies have been discovered. The disaster is believed to have been occasioned by spontaneous combustion of gases generated by the coals. ANOTHER ACCIDENT IN THE MERSEY. A few days after this melancholy occurrence the Mersey was the scene of another serious, casualty. On a windy morning, whilst a schooner bound for one of the Irish ports was sailing down the river, she suddenly became unmanageable, ran broad- side against the prow of the steam ram Viper, fiRed, and in ten minutes went down. But unhappily, the shipping records of the month are dark with disaster and destruction, The gales of November and December have strewed our coasts with wrecks innumerable, and every day fresh tidings of loss and suffering reach us from the surrounding seas. Seldom has there been an autumn so fruitful everywhere in marine mischief and misery. THE MEAT QUESTION, The meat agitation throughout England he; been attended with remarkable success. The butchers have been compelled to reduce their extortionate charges, and their monopoly has received a death-blow. It died very hard but the public is determined that such a gang of swindlers shall no longer continue to prey upon the at will. In most towns good meat is now to be had at from 5d. to 8d. per: lb., instead of 8d. to 1s. Smithfield Club Cattle Show opened its sixty-first exhibition at the Agricultural-hall, Islington, on the 9th instant. The show, as a whole, was of average magnitude, and of quality even better than ever. There was an entry of 218 cattle sheep were in great force, numbering no fewer than 155 pens ; but the pig classes were short numbering only forty-eight pens, being thirteen less than last year. DR. LIVINGSTONE'S FATE. The hope that Dr. Livingstone is yet alive acquires increasing strength week by week Dr. Kirk, of Zanzibar, is now convinced that the great explorer is alive, and that " he i pursuing his way to the Albert Nyanza, thence to emerge via the Nile into the Meditei Toucan." Already, Dr. Kirk speaks of him in terms of glowing anticipation, as "the only man who has not only crossed the continent but who has passed through the whole length from the Cape of Good Hope to the mouth of the Nile." Dr. Kirk has been into the in order to test the reports of the native who announced the arrival of a white man i Maringa, a point considerably north of the where Dr. Livingstone was said to have been murdered, and has had abundant confirms tion of their truth. Letters from the traveller are said to have been given to the leader of a caravan which was expected at Zanzibar in; November. 9 SIR GEORGE GREY. It is expected that Sir G. Grey, late Governor of New Zealand, will succeed Sir I Wodehouse as Governor of the Cape. The latter is about to return home. MISCELLANEOUS. It is announced by The Times that Sir Henry Storks has undertaken the duties c Comptrollor-in-Chief of the War-office, wit the position of an Under-Secretary of State This appointment is regarded as an idiot tion that Government are about to change into a course of reform in the administration of the army. Dr. James Hamilton, author of Life i Earnest, and other admired works, who has been for several months suffering from a attack of paralysis, expired on Sunday morning the 1st inst., and his remains were in terror in Highgate Cemetery. Funeral sermons were preached by Dr. Candlish and the Rev. H. Allen. Frederick Baker, the attorney's clerk who murdered and cut up into fragments a chu named Fanny Adams, at Alton, in Ham] shire, has been tried, and sentenced to death without hope of mercy. No one doubts his guilt, or that his guilt deserves the highest penalty, but many persons question h sanity, he was always esteemed peculiar and so strong was his tendency to suicide! that he has sometimes had to be watched His father, years ago, had an attack of acute mania, with homicidal tendencies, and at other relative is now in an asylum for the some reason. Then the atrocity of the car itself is held by some to be evidence of in sanity. THE ABYSSINIAN EXPEDITION. We have telegraphic intelligence from Abyssinia to the 7th of December. Previov to that date King Theodore had shown signs of activity. The savage monarch had destroyed Debra Tabor by fire, with the exception of one church, and was marching through hands of native " insurgents to Magdala, h stragglers and foragers being cut off the country people en route. It is feared th; Theodore's object is to seize the captives i Magdala, and hold them ILS hostages to be put to death if the British advance further. J present, however, they are in safety. Mon lek, horn Shoa- one of the insurgent chiefs is reported to have reached the neighbourhood of Magdala in force, and hopes to gain possession of it first. The advanced brigat of the expedition was at Senate, where tin found a good climate, with plenty of wato and friendly assistance from the natives, TI Scinde Brigade had arrived and Colon Merewether telegraphs that he is convince the march into Abyssinia will be quite case If the colonel is unfettered, it is not unlike that that dashing officer may rescue the pi soners before The dora reaches Magdal That would settle the whole affair at one and render unnecessary the gigantic preparations proceeding at Bombay. Several of o' papers have special correspondents with the expedition. PRUSSIA, AUSTRIA, AND RUSSIA. Some further steps have been taken of the consolidation of the several German states-into one nationality. The Prussian Premier has announced to his Parliament that all Prussian envoys will speedily be recalled, to be replaced by envoys from the North German Confederation. This change will he another test of the feelings of the French Government towards Germany. The Emperor will be compelled to acknowledge that Saxony and Darmstadt have no separate existence. Very recently his foreign Minister addressed to them separate invitations to the conference. Saxony dutifully forwarded here to Berlin; but little Darmstadt in- continently accepted the flattering invite, for which she received on unmistakable snubbing from Lord Bismarck. It has been resolved, also, that the budget of the Prussian Ministry for Foreign Affairs shall be assumed by the North German Con- federation. In the south the same tendency to fusion is visible. The military representatives of the South German states assembled at Munich have expressed a general desire for the common introduction of the fundamental principles of the Prussian military system, so as to provide for the South German states being equally ready with the troops of the Bund to take the field. They have also placed on record the determina- tion of their several Governments to side unanimously with Prussia in case of a war with France. These are significant facts for France, who will hesitate in provoking a quarrel with Prussia, while that power has such an enormous reserve of force at her back. There are rumours of a hitch in the negotiations between Prussia and Denmark. Hungary and Austria are not getting on so well together as could be desired and it would seem that the obstacles this time are raised by the former. The more extreme parties in the Hungarian Parliament insist on their country hearing a less proportion of the common taxation of the empire than appears to be just, considering the nature of the compromise lately entered into between the empire and the kingdom. They also demand the complete restoration of the laws of IS 18. Concession, it would seem, mustbo'allon one side. ' There can be little doubt that events are hurrying to home denouement in the East, and that are many months are over there will be a general rise of the Greek and Sclave populations of Turkey, aided and abetted by Russia. There has been a Ministerial crisis at St. Petersburg, which is believed to indicate a change from a passive to an active policy. Hostilities have been resumed in Crete, and Servia is making open preparations for war against the authority of her Suzerain. THE ROMAN QUESTION. A great change has come over French policy in regard to the destiny of Home. All ambiguity is at an end, and Europe now knows the relations of the different parties to each other. Reiterated declarations of the most emphatic kind render it certain that the Emperor Napoleon is determined to maintain the tempo- ral power of the Pope as long as he lives, and thus prevent the completion of Italian unity, which, at the same time, he professes to respect. The chief interest in Continental politics during the month has centered in the Legislative Halls of Paris and of Florence, whence two Governments and two nations have been talking angrily and reproachfully at each other. The attack was commenced in the Parliament of France, and the defence has been conducted in the Italian Chamber of Deputies with great spirit and dignity. In explaining and vindicating the policy of the Government towards Italy before the French Senate, M. de Moustier, the Foreign Minister, was moderate and con- ciliatory on the whole. He intimated that the French troops would remain at Civita Vecchia until the meeting of the conference he does not think Some indispensable to the unity of Italy, and holds the presence of the Pope to be quite compatible with that unity but it must be " a new Italy-not the Italy of Mazzini, Garibaldi, and Rattazzi." Toward; the close of the debate, however, the Minister made use of expressions which seemed quite out of harmony with the studied courtesies of the earlier portions of his speech, ant which greatly inflamed the susceptibilities of the Italian people. Referring to a proposal of Signor Rattazzi, to hold a European'Con science, and in the meanwhile toelloctajoin occupation of Rome by French and Italian troops, the marquis added, with much bitter- ness, " We took note of the first proposal and rejected the second. If I may be allowed coarsely to express my thoughts, I shall say; we were invited not only to take the part of a dupe, but also that of a traitor. We there fore indignantly declined the complicity proposed to us with a sort of bonJionanie which made it doubly insulting. From that moment the expedition to Rome was decided upon.' But evidently they were differences of opinion, if not dissensions, in the Emperor'] Cabinet on the policy to be pursued at the crisis referred to for we learn now on the authority of the Italian G reeii-book, that of the 17th October M. Nigra represented to his Government that M. Rouvier, "Vice Emperor," was willing that an Italian force should occupy the Roman state simultaneously with the French, " provided the double intervention should be regulated by a mutual agreement, and take place precisely at the same time." The very next day, however, the Marquis de Moustie sent an official despatch to Florence, stating that France would not hear of a joint occupation. M. Rouher's explanation of this strong play at cross-purposes is looked for with some curiosity. The explanations of the Foreign Minister do not appear to have given. complete satisfaction to the Papal party for M Thiers, in a telling, and incisive speech, challenged the Ministers of the Emperor to speak with less ambiguity. The challenge was accepted b M, Rouvier, who appeared next day in the tribune, and produced a tremendous sense tion by a violent attack on Italy, and declaration that France would in any an every case protect the integrity of the team point power of the Pope-that Italy should never have Rome for a capital - an that by the word Rome he included the entire of the states of the church. This declarations were received with rapturous cheering, and the Chamber ratified the oil regions statements of the Emperor's mouth piece by the overwhelming majority of 237 t 17\. This miserable parliamentary triumph destroyed the Italian alliance, and at to same time dealt a death-blow to the propose conference. For several days it was hope that the Minister of State had gone too far had revealed too much of his master's mind but no denial having appeared, the insulting programme so insolently hurled in the face of Europe is accepted as the Emperor's no possumus. M. Moustier was irritated by his colleague should have been chosen to make the privileged communication, and his secession from the Cabinet was expected but his lacerated feelings have been healed. It is clear from all this the Ultramontane France is urging Napoleo to thwart Italy far beyond even his: own wishes, This jealousy of Italy believed to be little more than jealousy ( Prussia, expressed towards the less formidable of the two neighbours. "In a word, say the Spectator, the frenzy of French national pride, irritated by seeing the diminished in portance of France, is at flood-tide, and the: Emperor is only yielding to the rush." The Italian Parliament has also been a session during the month, and has been mainly occupied with the Roman question and the new and startling phase of the In perial policy. The conduct both of the present Cabinet and that of Ratazzi has been severely criticised. The general tone of its speeches is moderate, and there is a disposition among all parties to adopt a patient att tude anda waiting policy looking well in the meantime to the equipment of the army. It debates terminated on the 23rd, and has unexpectedly resulted in the defeat of tt Mcnabrca Cabinet, though only by a majority of two. It was not a very clear vote, a: decision having been taken on a resolution which, besides expressing confidence in the Government, affirmed that Rome ought 1 be the capital of Italy, and deprecated illegal means for securing it. Such statesmen i Italy possesses decline to accept the responsibilities of office, and General Monabrea wi probably remain in power and reconstruct h Administration. The policy of the nation as interpreted by Parliament, and accepted by the King's advisers, is bold enough It claims Rome as the capital, and refuse for the present at least, to pay to the imp< perished Papal Government the proportion < debt on the provinces which have been at nexed to Italy. The French Emperor is, of course, irritated at a decision which lead him to sustain in part the disproportion Papal army, and he is said to have orders 20,000 men to return to Rome. But it is not of much consequence to Italy whether foreign troops hold Rome or Civita Vecchia in small numbers or in imposing force. Napoleon II will find that the time he is bent on player is not entirely in his own hands, FENIAN ATTEMPT TO BLOW DOWN A PRISON. There is but one subject now engrossing attention. A new Gunpowder Treason and Plot" has been discovered in our midst and its reckless inhumanity has stirred the profoundest indignation from one end of England to the other.'. It was the afternoon of Friday, the 13th of, December, and crowds were thronging the streets of London in busy preparation for the coming Christmas, when we were startled by the report of a terrific explosion. Far and wide it sounded and in the centre of the city we heard it like the discharge of cannon, while the rush of air seemed to break on St. Paul's, and the huge pile to reverberate at its base. Soon there followed from mouth to mouth a rumour that the Fenians had blown down the wall of Clerkenwell Prison. In at the busiest thoroughfares men stopped to" put together what they knew. "it was a great explosion of gas," said some ; but this explanation was quickly contradicted by those who came from the scene of devastation and that evening there were few in town who did not know that the Fenians had added to their long black list of outrages another great crime-one almost unexampled in audacity and guilt, and that will probably stand out in infamous distinction to future generations. Some six weeks ago, two men, named Burke and Casey, reputed Fenian leaders, were captured in London, and after under- going examination before a police magistrate, remanded to custody. The former was said to have held a chief command, and to have taken an active part both in America and Ireland ; the latter appears to have been a sort of aide-de-camp, or confidential attend and standing in some such subordinate relation as Deasy did to Kelly. Both these men were confined in the Clerkenwell House of Detention and it was to rescue them that the outrage of which I write was perpetrated. The Manchester exploit seems to have emboldened the conspirators to' take more desperate measures ; but they were not able wholly to keep their secret, and so failed in their ultimate object. On the Friday morning the police authorities received intimation that a rescue would be attempted, but in what form nobody knew. ' Theneighhouihoodof Clerkenwellisthickly populated, and its streets are narrow and tortuous. Within the prison precautions were taken, and the prisoners exercised in the morning instead of the afternoon, and in another yard from that usually resorted to. Outside, the streets were closely watched by detectives. Several suspicious characters were observed, and more than one poison was seen surveying the prison from the top of a house overlooking it but no one apprehended the nearness of the danger. Corporation-lane is a narrow street, having the prison wall on one side and a row of eight or ten three-storey tenements on the other to this lane at about twenty minutes to four a truck was drawn by two men on it was a thirty-six gallon beer cask, which they deposited on the pavement by the prison wall. Another man-a "gentleman" say some of the witnesses then stepped forward and applied a fuse and throwing a tarpaulin carelessly on the barrel, the three made a hurried escape. In league with them was a woman, who had that afternoon obtained admission into the prison to see Casey, and who had been seen moving from point to point, and in anxious consultation with these men. Children were playing in the street at the time. It was nothing new to see a barrel standing against a wall ; but the conduct of the men had been observed, and some curiosity excited as to what they were doing. A vague feat seems suddenly to have seized some who saw, but before they could do anything a tremendous explosion took place, which scattered death and destruction on every side. A flame of yellow fire leaped up, and, with the cloud of sulphurous smoke, mingled the dust and débris of falling buildings. No words can exaggerate the tcrnlicforce of the explosion, It tore down full forty feet of the north wall of the House of Detention, which is about twenty feet in height. It blew down a house on the other side of the street, utterly demolishing it to the foundation and it wrecked four houses on one side adjoining this, and three on the other, leaving little more than the bare walls standing. There was a great mass of ruins which falling fragments made it dangerous to enter ; but the first shock over, crowds of people rushed to the rescue of those who were buried. The shrieks of the women, the screams of the children, the means of those who lay insensible, added to the horrors of the moment. Within the prison the warders stood promptly to their aims, but no attempt was made to enter the breach. The House of Detention itself was shaken, the skylights all broken, the slate on the roof displaced, but its cells remained secure, though the affrighted prisoners made annual noise, beating with their stools or the doors, and exclaiming that it was a great earthquake. Without the police soon gathered in force the firemen came pouring in. from all quarters, and presently, as the nature of the catastrophe became known, a detachment of the Guards was despatched to the spot, From the ruins women and children were dragged out, covered with blood, and many of them frightfully injured and a stream of cabs carried the victims to the nearest hospitals, There were few things which excited more horror and sympathy that themannerinwhichthechildrensufferea. On Poor little girl had her face entirely destroyed by fragments of glass forced into the flesh while other wounds were inflicted on her body by glass driven through her clothes Death threatened in various forms. One man was killed almost on the spot, the bones of his chest being driven inwards by a mass of brickwork which fell upon him. From sixty; to seventy persons have sustained severe in juries ; and at the time I write as many a eight deaths are reported. If the explosion had been a little later, when the children had returned from school, or the men from work still more lamentable must have been the results. There has been much speculation a to the explosive compound employed. Th barrel would have contained 500 lb. of gun powder, and the balance of opinion incline to the belief that gunpowder only was used though some have argued in favour of nitro glycerine, or at least a mixture of petroleum ARREST OF MISCREANTS. It was a great satisfaction to the public when the first feeling of indignation has found vent, to find that at least three of the conspirators in this fiendish plot had been: arrested. These three, bearing the names c Timothy Desmond, Jeremiah Allen, and An Justice, were brought to Bow-street the next evening, and charged with the wilful murder of the three persons then known to have perished. The evidence clearly associate them with the crime. The woman Justice had visited the prison at one o'clock, while Allen waited outside and when she came out these two were joined by Desmond, an all held a conversation of some length. The; were caught by the police while running away after the explosion. One car stable seized the woman, and very pluckily also laid hold with the other hand of Desmond, as he was passing, retaining both till assistance came. I ho woman attempted suicide in her cell that same night, and has since been very ill Allen afterwards made a statement, in plicating some of his companions, as it I understood. On the testimony also of on Vaughan, an approver, four other men have been apprehended, two of whom Willian Desmond and Nicholas English are now in cluded in the charge of murder, as having taken active part in the Clerkenwell outrage There still remain some obscurities, which the evidence as yet taken does not explain Meanwhile, the police arrangements by which the explosion should have been prevented are severely criticised. At the meeting c Middlesex magistrates, Lord Ranelagh brought forward a resolution severely blamed Sir Richard Mayne for his insufficient precautions, and although he was by urgent representations induced to withdraw it, ye a large body of the public take the same view. If it is true that informer tion was received at Scotland-yard from Dublin, and that the plot was known even i Paris, how was it that the arrangements on! side the prison walls left so much scope to th conspirators? If, as is said, it was explicitly stated that some attempt- would be made a "blow up" the prison, why were not the police on the spot more fully instructed And under such circumstances, when a single policeman could in two or three minute walk round the entire boundaries, why wv anyone with a barrel allowed to approach the wall at all? These are questions which the public will insist on asking till some fully answer is given. It still also remains to be proved whether Burke and Casey had any knowledge of the attempt to be made on their behalf. He they really been in the exercise-ground i usual at the hour of the explosion it is pro bable that they and their companions would have finished, so great was the force with which the broken bricks were hurled aero I the yard. But amongst the rains was found a white ball, which is supposed to have been thrown over previously as a signal. At Bow street, the next day, Burke and Casey were both brought up for further examination, under a strong escort of police; and on their being placed at the bar, Dr. Kenealy, their counsel, at once came forward, and said, as the prisoners had failed to satisfy him that they were not concerned in the outrage, he felt bound to withdraw from the defence. " If prisoners will have counsel, they must not have recourse to violence ; if violence is used, they cannot have mc, at least, for their counsel." Both men, however, strongly protested that no part of the responsibility i rested on them, Burke, in cautious and measured language, repudiating the act; Casey, in vehement words, declaring his abhorrence of the crime." FENIAN DEMONSTRATIONS SUP- PRESSED. One good result has followed this revela- tion of Fenian malignity. The flow of foolish sentiment has been checked, and the Fenians have severed their cause utterly from the sympathies of all honest men. The Reform League has taken the earliest opportunity of purging itself from suspicion by a strong resolution and even the Fenian com- mittee," whether in a semblance of indigna- tion or not, has thought it necessary to speak out in condemnation. We were threatened with a dangerous agitation after the Manchester executions. This has been promptly stayed by the interference of the authorities, backed by the strength of public opinion. The demonstrations, which had taken the form of funeral processions, in London, Birmingham, and Manchester, assumed formidable proportions in Dublin, where on one Sunday nearly 40,000 people joined in pilgrimage behind hearses which bore the names of Allen, Larkin, and Gould, and in the cemetery listened applaudingly to treasonable speeches. An unfortunate statement of Lord Derby, made before these processions had become dangerous, to the effect that they were within the law, seemed to put vigour into their promoters, and in many of the chief towns of Ireland they hastened to organise a great display. The Sunday succeeding the Clerkenwell outrage had been fixed for a procession in Liverpool, but the magistrates of the borough promptly interfered to prohibit it, and, strengthened by the news which reached them from London, had no difficulty in preventing it. Taking alarm, also, the Government issued a proclamation in Ireland, forbidding the pro- cessions everywhere and reinforced by outraged public sentiment, they obtained complete, though in some cases reluctant, submission. To atone for delay, they arrested the leaders of the Dublin movement, and two of them Martin, one of the political offenders of ISIS, and Later now await their trial on the charge of sedition. These prompt measures of repression are applauded by all good citizens. THREATENED OUTRAGES. Nevertheless, a feeling of insecurity very generally prevails. Immediately after the explosion several attempts were made in London to set fire to buildings, both in the east and west, by means of Greek fire and although there is a disposition now to set down all mischief to the Fenians without inquiry, these acts were deemed by the Home Office worthy of report to the several magistrates of the metropolis, as among the reasons to justify the swearing-in of special constables. The most alarming rumours still continue to circulate; and the police are inundated with suggestions, and with informations of intended attacks, in which it is almost impossible to sift the true from the false. On Sunday last it was rumoured the General Post-office would be assailed, and a special guard did duty through the night. From the country also come numerous alarms. -The same day the city of Bristol was agitated by a rumour of impend- ing attack, and every preparation was made for prompt defence. From Glasgow we hear this week of the discovery of a son of gutta-percha fuse in the neighbourhood of a large gaso- meter-several hundred yards which it is conjectured was intended for firing the gasworks. At Warrington, a plug was actually pulled out of one of the purifiers, and the escape of gas would but for timely discovery have plunged the town in darkness. One of the men arrested is a Fenian, but the motive is not clear, except it was to prepare the way for plunder. At Wolverhampton also there has been found a plan for a simultaneous attack on all the armouries in England, which is vouched for as a genuine document by persons on the spot. Thus we feel as if we had a band of madmen in our midst, afflicted with a homicidal mania, which may suddenly break out and devastate our fairest homes. It is no wonder that Mr. Digby Seymour, the counsel for the defence in" the late Manchester prosecutions, has felt constrained to come forward and appeal to all loyal Irishmen to unite everywhere in resolute condemnation of these enormities. In the meantime, hero in London we are to have an addition of 10,000 men to our police-staff and of special constable a large number are already enrolled, and in a few days will be efficiently organised. UNITED STATES. American affairs have been thrown into the shade by home excitements ; yet we await with much interest the issue of present party strife. The message of the President is so defiant in its tone towards Congress, as to have received but small approval on this side of the water. He is right in declaring that there is now " no Union, as their fathers understood it ;" but it is beyond his power to restore it. Men are looking now in another' direction for one who shall recognise the altered conditions, and build firmly upon them and to Grant all parties are turning as the next President. The Impeachment Committee came into the House with a majority in favour of action, but when the question was brought to a final decision this proposal was negatived by a vote of 108 to 57, and this long tedious business consigned to the limbo of radical failures. Financial matters are being anxiously discussed, and there is a growing party in favour of a contraction of the paper currency. In the South the negroes are in the ascendancy, but not justifying their claims by their wisdom. There are two Conventions sitting, under the Reconstruction Act, in Alabama and Louisiana, but in both the blacks have proceeded to such extreme or absurd measures that it is not improbable the whole scheme may fall through. Congress, however, declares that it will adhere to the Reconstruction Act. The troublesome Alabama question remains open, through Mr. Seward's obstinacy and there is still no lack of tall talk. On friendly sena- tor has gone the length of proposing to grant belligerent rights to Abyssinia, thus suggesting that privateers may be fitted out on the American coast. A resolution on behalf of Fenians on foreign service has also been introduced into the House of Representatives, for the better protection of American citizens abroad ;'' and another has been proposed for the im- peachment of the consul at Dublin, for neglect of duty in connexion with the recent trials. Of course, in New York there was a funeral procession in honour of the Manchester murderers ; but the head of the police would not lend the sanction of his protection. It is some pleasure to find, from the warmth of the reception accorded to Charles Dickens and the Rev. Newman Hall, that among the better class of Americans there are still many who cherish friendly sentiments towards this country. ENGLISH MONETARY AND COMMERCIAL INTELLIGENCE. (FROM OUR OWN CORRESPONDENT.) LONDON, DEC. 20, 1867. 1U1IAVAY FINANCE. Ugly developments of the rotten state of our railway finances continue to startle and dishearten the public. After all the revela- tions which have been made of reckless mis- management and profligate expenditure, it might have been deemed difficult, if not impossible, to produce a sensation in connexion with railway affairs. Possible or impossible, however, the thing has been done. About a week before Christmas Day, the monetary world was thunderstruck by the appearance of a circular from the directors of the Mid- land Company, demanding five millions sterling. Their capital is already £25,000,000, shares and debts together, but they are constructing a line of their own from Hitchen to London, and making other important extensions and the astounding part of the affair is, that the cost of those works will be £3,300,000 more than the directors had calculated upon. The only excuse they offer is, that the cost of entering London would seem to defy all previous calculation." Moreover, they have spent £960,000' for new engines, plant, and rolling stock, to meet the increasing traffic of the company, and want £540,000 to meet future requirements or five millions in all. So great was the panic. pro- duced in the depressed state of the railway market by this extraordinary demand, that Midland shares fell in two days from 122 to 100, and from which there has been little recovery; All railway property was more or less affected by the shock. The Caledonian Railway Company, which have been of late in such bad odour, have also lodged a bill under which they apply to Parliament for powers to raise a large sum of money, and also for the abandonment of certain branches, and an extension of time for construction of authorised works. Under different sections, in the shape of of ordinary or preference stock, of debentures or debenture stock, they apply for a total of £2,014,000. The report of the committee of investigation, meanwhile, is in course of preparation, and will appear early in the new year. The Brighton Railway Company also have issued a circular explaining the reasons for their having deposited a bill asking power to increase the share capital by a million. The step is not owing to any change in the previous estimates of the position of the company, but simply. to be prepared for any con- tingencies that may arise out of the disputed liabilities in respect to the Surrey and Sussex and other lines, amounting to upwards of £500,000-a sum which, if raised in the shape of ordinary stock, will require a nominal issue of £1,000,000. The company are advised that they are not liable for these claims, and the provision is, therefore, at present only a matter of precaution, Meanwhile, some of the suffering lines are at length adopting more hopeful courses. The Great Eastern is to be placed under a thoroughly efficient directorate, with Lord Cranborne at the head of it, assisted by the advice and experience of Mr. Watkins, M. P. An important step in the way of railway federation has been taken by the boards of the South-Eastern, the Brighton, and the London, Chatham, and Dover Companies, by which those three lines will be brought into an harmonious system of working, in the discount market, the approach of the close of the year has not been attended with the usual additional activity. The de- creasing note circulation and the. reflux of gold to the metropolis, indicate a more than sufficient supply of money for the diminished requirements of the provinces, where trade is apparent By no less quiet than in London itself. The current quotations for mercantile paper having various periods to run, are as follows: 30 to 60 days' per cent. 3 months 2 per cent. ? i to 6 months bank bills a.21 per cent. 6 to 0 months-tradobills .. 2131 percent. The allowance for deposits at the joint stock banks and discount houses is as follows: Joint stock banks .... 1 per cent. Discount houses at call.. .. 1 per cent. Do with seven days' notice .. l per cent. Do fourteen days.. .... l per cent. In the Stock Exchange, money has been more freely taken. The rate on Government securities for short periods is IA per cent. THE STOCKS OF GOLD. The stock of gold in the Bank of France has increased steadily week by week, till it now exceeds forty millions sterling. Early in the month, there was a considerable efflux of gold from the Bank of England to the Continent, but more recently the withdrawals have been checked. Some large shipments of bullion are expected from New York. On the 1st of next month large amounts of gold will have to be disbursed from the United States' Treasury, a portion of which will be remitted to Europe. On that day a 6 per cent, loan of about£l,90O,000, contracted in 1817, and of which a considerable amount is believed to be hold on this side, will become due and about a similar total will be payable in general dividends. The arrivals during the present week are expected to reach £200,000, and the steamers of the succeeding fortnight are likely to bring still larger amounts. Some rather considerable sums are also expected from the River Plate and Brazil, and various Australian arrivals may soon be anticipated. Under these circumstances, looking at the present tendency of the Continental exchanges, the probability is not only that a cessation of the drain from the Bank of England, which has been uninterrupted during nearly three months, must soon take place, but that a renewed influx will be witnessed. According to a circular of Mr. James Low, it appears that the total of European shipments of specie to the East during the year 1867 has been £3,493,131, of which £002,831 was by the Peninsular and Oriental steamers from Great Britain, and £2,C92,300 by the Messageries Imperiales from Marseilles. At no previous time for sixteen years has the amount been so small. The largest was in 1894, when it was £23,827,443. THE MARKET FOR SECURITIES. The Consols market has not been strong at any period of the past month. A fortnight ago they were prejudiced by the menacing language of the French Ministers towards Italy, and more recently the English funds have been affected through sympathy with the depression in railway and miscellaneous stocks. Consols have declined as low as 2 to 92s. Australian securities have again stood their ground with remarkable firmness during the month. The supply of some of these is rather large since certain dealers took nearly the whole of two or three of the more recent allotments with a view to the disposal of the stock to investors, When these are absorbed, they may he expected to be held still more firmly. The fact that the great house of Rothschild took so largely of the last New Zealand loan has tended much to raise the credit of the colony in the London market. Below are the latest quotations of Australian securities and shares : Stock Stock Stock Stock Stock Stock Stock Stock Stock Stock Stock Stock Shares Stock Stock £5 | GOVERNMENT STOCKS. 100 Victoria Government 6 per I cent. (Jan and Jury) 100 'Do., do. (April and Oct.) .. 100 NewSoutliWales.Spercoiit., 1871 to 1876. 100 Do., do., 1888 to 1892 100 Do., do., 1867 to 1875 100 South Australian, 6 per cent (Jan. and July) 100 MclboumoCorporation.Opcr cent. (Hay and Nov.) 100 Geelong Corporation, 6 per cent. (May and Nov.) 100 Queensland 6 per cent. (Jan and July) . 100 New Zealand, 6 per cent. (General Government) 100 Do., 6 per cent. lOMl'ANIKS'BONDS. 100 Melbourne and Hobson's Bay Railway, 6 per cent. Bonds (1880) 100 to., 5 per cent., 1895 HANKS. 20 New South Wales. 40 Australasia. 25 Union of Australia. 25 South Australia 20 London Chartered of Australia. 20 English, Scottish, and Australian Chartered . 25 Oriental 10 New Zealand .. 25 Victoria 10 Otago. 20 Chartered Bank of India, Australia; and China 4 National of Australasia ! MINES. 3 Yudananmtanaof South Aus- tralia 1 PortPhilllpMiningCoinpany 1 Scottish Australian Mining.. 1 Kapunda, S.A. 1 Worthing Copper, S.A. 1 Yorke Peninsula MISCELLANEOUS. 203 Australian Agricultural 5 Australian Mortgage, Land, | and Finance .... 21 English and Australian Cup I per. All Mclbo'umoandHobson'sBay a Railway. 2 Otago and Southland Invest a most Company 5 New Zealand Trust and Loan 21 New Zealand Loan and Mer a candle Agency 10 Panama, New Zealand, and Australian Royal Mail All Do. do. All Peninsular and Oriental Steam All South Australian Land, 1 Trust and Agency of Aug I tralasia . 281 Van Diemen's Land Agri | cultural . 100 North British Australasian Land 100 Peel River Land and Mineral 100 Scottish Australian Invest- > ment.. 113 111 110 100 100-104 107 231 8 38 The quotations include the accrued Interest on debentures. LOANS AND NEW COMPANIES. The marked success of the Colonial loans. which have lately been introduced upon our market has caused quite a rush of applicants, eager to ease our embarrassed capitalists of the large balances which they find it so difficult to dispose of profitably. Eailyintho month the agent-general for the Government of South Australia invited tenders for bonds to the modest amount of £140,500, to be expended on public works in the colony. Previous to the day fixed for the deposit of the tenders, a letter appeared in The Times from "A Sufferer," calling attention to an instance of financial bad faith on the part of the South Australian Government, and warning the public to be on their guard. It appears that, about four years ago, the English public was invited by the same functionary to subscribe for 125,000 acres of land belonging to the Government be represents, at 7s. 6d. per acre, with the promise that delivery was to take place within six months after the date of purchase. Upwards of three years have elapsed since that period, and the purchasers have had neither their land conveyed to them nor their money refunded. The charge had an ugly look, and was calculated to damage the success of the new loan ; nor was the agent-general'S explanation so satisfactory as could have been wished. Mr. Dutton ascribed the delay to " great and unforeseen difficulties encountered by the expedition sent out to select the site and survey the land," Captain Cadell, however, we are assured, is now prosecuting the necessary examinations in command of two steamers and a competent staff, but no final decision can be come to until he presents his report. Meanwhile, the subscribed funds have been kept distinct and intact. These assurances seem to have quieted public apprehension, for, on the 10th inst., no fewer than 120 tenders were sent in, amounting to an aggregate of £705,700, at prices varying from £92 10s, to £108. There was an amount of £85,700 below and £68,000 above the minimum, which was declared to be £105. The tenders at and above £107 3s. alone received allotments. The Crown agents for the colonies have also disposed of £100,000 Ceylon Government 6 per Cent. Debentures by public tender, being the last instalment of the sum of £700,000, required for the completion of the Ceylon Railway from Colombo to Kandy. The applications were ninety-seven in number, and amounted altogether to £572,200, at rates varying from £90 to £109 3s. The minimum was fixed at £108, above which figure £319,500 were applied for. All tenders at and above £108 13s. 6d. received in full, and one at £108 13s. to the extent of about one-third. A Nova Scotia 6 per cent, loan for £22 5,00 at par has likewise been promptly negotiated by Messrs. Baring Brothers and Co. The bonds are to form part of the debt of the united dominion of Canada. Application.' were to have been sent in on the 14th instant, but in the afternoon of the day on which the announcement was made, it was intimated that the entire amount had been taken. The excellent prices obtained for the above colonial loans, and the eagerness with which they were subscribed, show unmistakably the high estimation in which colonial Government securities now stand with the investing English public. Let nothing, then, be done to damage this well-deserved popularity. The danger consists in the thing being overdone. There must not be too much even of a good thing. The Daily News, an organ of undoubted friendliness, in commenting upon this new feature of the money market in terms of satisfaction, ventures to drop a few warning words to all whom the subject may con cent, " Let our colonies, however, beware of the bane of the fatal a facility in borrowing, As yet there is no harm done ; but it is best to be wise in time. When it is found that loans can be contracted, it is astonishing how readily a Legislature can be induced to tide over the difficulty of a deficit by a temporary advance. The habit quickly grows. And the beacon examples of Turkey and Egypt are cited in illustration. " A borrower who appears on the market every year must count upon getting a decreasing value for his securities." Extreme satisfaction has been given by] the official notification that the long-pending arrangements for the consolidation of the New Zealand Provincial Loans have been a length _ completed. It was followed by an immediate improvement in all the securities of that colony I and the Stock Exchange lost no time in signifying its approval of as a tardy act of expediency and justice by order ing the New Zealand Government Bonds 18%, and the Province of Auckland Bonds first and second issues, to be officially quoted The numbers are published of New South Wales Government Debentures for £100,000 being part of the loan of £850,000, which were drawn on the 9th inst., and will be payable on presentation at the Oriental Bank on the 31st. The Oriental Bank have also given notice that New South Wales 6 perCent Treasury Bills for £319,700 will be payable on the 1st January. The Belgian Government have during the month negotiated at home a 45 per cent loan of £2,-100,000. The aggregate offer amounted to £4,805,228 at the price of 1921 SOr. per cent. The long-talked-of Portuguese loan is cs pected to be announced shortly. It is nearly two years since negotiations were opened with a London house in the matter, and I is generally understood that very large nil vanees have already been made on it account. The Honduras Government have been in the market for a loan of a million sterling amere instalment of an enormous sum required for railway construction. The proposed line will be 230 miles in length, at the Economist estimates the ultimate cost n over £9,000,000, and deems the project a very risky one. Some English investors, however, have been found willing to embark their capital in the undertaking, and the 20th Inst was appointed as a special settling day in th English scrip on the Stock Exchange. Through the London, Asiatic, and American Company, applications are invited fe £200,000 of General Mortgage Bonds of the Pennsylvania Railway Company, at eight] two, with interest from the 1st of January next. At the present time the capital stock of the company amounts to 21,000,O00dols and its various mortgages and obligations t 19,830,000dois., leaving l,170,000dols. to I raised. On the 20th inst. tenders were sent in fe £500,000 six per cent, bonds of the Metre politan District Railway. The price was to be at or above par. The share capital over which these are to ride is £2,250,000. A prospectus of the Realm Insurance Com pany has been issued, which is to introduce the mutual system into marine insurance Those only who subscribe the capital are I appoint the directors and in the meantime the bankers-the National Bank will hold the capital in trust. A prospectus has also been issued of the Sonora Silver Mining Company, with a capital of £100,000, in shares of £2 10s., to acquit and work some Mexican silver mines in the province of Chihuahua, and also in Honor should an examination of the latter rest. favourably. A company is likewise forms for the purpose of acquiring and working the copper mines in the Italian district of Pt fauna, and to secure an interest in a silver lead mine in Lombardy. The capital required is £50,000. DIVIDEND MEETINGS, CC. At the half-yearly meeting of the proprietors of the London Chartered Bank of Australia on the 3rd inst., a dividend was d clared at tho rate of 8 per cent, per annum This will absorb about £40,000, and it was decided to place £5,000 to the reserve fund and £2,000 to the colonial building fund leaving £10,570 to be carried forward. The deposits amount to £973,450, being £127,01 beyond the total at the corresponding peril of last year, while the new accounts have in- creased by 465. At a special meeting of the Australian Trust Company, held on the 28th of Novel ber, a resolution was passed to the effect that is not expedient to continue the business of the undertaking. The annual meeting of the Peninsular and Oriental Steam Company was held on the 6th inst. According to the report, of revenue account shows a deficiency of less than £177,047, so that a dividend was, course, out of the question. The chief be of revenue has accrued through the < minished export of specie, the freight which averaged above £222,000 per annum for many years. Great reductions are being: made in the working expenses of the service both at home and abroad, while the ne , partnership arrangements with the Gover ' ment will, it is hoped, inaugurate a fresh c of prosperity. The shareholders of the Panama, New Zealand and Australian Royal Mail Cotnpa: have received a circular from the secretary stating that the board do not propose summon another meeting this year, and not feel justified in recommending an i interim dividend. They believe that 'the in- crease of receipts would have been mu larger but for the yellow fever in the W< Indies. At a recent meeting of the Atlantic To graph Company a committee of four gent ? men was appointed to assist and advise the directors as to the best means for carrying: out such measures as may be deemed necessary to improve the position of the company, either by amalgamation with the Anglo American Telegraph Company, or. by raising, the necessary capital to redeem the existing, charge of £125,000 per annum on the revenue of the Atlantic Telegraph Company, and to- and the board in the consideration of other important matters. The chairman stated that the receipts continue to progress satisfactorily. At a Board of the International Financial Society it was agreed to recommend at the general meeting to he held in January that the nominal capital of the company shall Aft . reduced to one- half by lowering the -denoinV nation of the shares from £20, with £3>°"~ j!, to £10, with £5 paid, whereby the failure liability will be only £5, instead of £15. The directors of the South Australian Company announce a half-yearly dividend at the . rate of eight per cent, per annum, free of income tax, payable on the 15th of January. , - FAILURES AND LIQUIDATIONS. The bankruptcy case of Mr. H. A. Holden,., railway contractor, in which the liabilities, are stated at £13,000, came before the Court, on the 18th inst., but was adjourned until the 23rd of January. From the magnitude of the affair much interest is felt in the ultimate results of the investigation. Several fresh failures have occurred since - lost mail. Mr. Cohen, merchant, of Birmingham, for £30,000, with an offer of 5s. in the Found. Messrs. W. Haden and Sons, of Dudley, with liabilities of £25,000 to unsecured creditors, and a much larger sum to. creditors holding security. Mr. James Petrie, of Liverpool, jute merchant, with large liabilities, of which some £20,000 will fall on. Dundee. Messrs. W. Ritter and Co., timber merchants, of Fenchurch-street,.. London ;. liabilities small. Mr. John Baynes, manufacturer, of Blackburn, with liabilities estimated at £80,000, but whose assets are expected to show a surplus of at least £8,000. Messrs. Otto Ho?, and Co., of London, chiefly in the silk trade, owing to heavy losses and. the stagnation of business ; the assets are expected to yield 10s. in the pound. Mr. Stephen Andrew, spinner, of Ashton under Lyne ; liabilities about £10,000. Messrs. Yates and Corkling, commission merchants, of Manchester; liabilities, £28,307, and' assets, £7,350; a composition of 6s. in the pound was offered and accepted. The creditors of Messrs. Vivanti, Annett, and Bal- four silk merchants, have accepted a com- position of 10s. in the pound. Advices from 1 New York announce the failure of Messrs. J. K. Place and Co., wholesale grocers; liabilities, £200,000, and assets small. The failure is reported from Manchester of Messrs. Nixon and Kellick, who also have an establishment at Bombay ; their liabilities are estimated at upwards of £00,000, but the assets are believed to be considerable. The liquidators of the Royal Bank of Liverpool have made a call of £10 per share on the ordinary, and of £100 per share on the preference shareholders. The latter, however, propose resisting the payment of the . call. On the 20th inst. the Court of Chancery made a further call of no less than £65 per- shore upon the contribu- tories of that disastrous concern, the Contract Corporation (Limited). The ruin inflicted by this abortive project is second only to that occasioned by Overend, Gurney, and Co. The' Union Bank of Ireland is to be wound up voluntarily and the Hibernian Bank has taken over the business, the premises, and the assets, on favourable terms for the shareholders. A special meeting of the London and Australian Company is called for the 10th of January, for the purpose of receiving the final accounts of the liquidators. The liquidators of Overend, Gurney, and Co. (Limited) made another distribution of 1s. in the pound on Monday and Tuesday last, which raises the total paid to 14s. TRADE AND EMIGRATION RETURNS. 20. The Board of Trade returns for the month. of October show the declared value of the exports of British and Irish produce and manufactures for the month of October in the last three years to be as follows: October, 1805 .£15,547,525 October, 1866 " .... 16,805,801 October, 1867 .15,819,142 These export figures show an increase of about £300,000over the corresponding month of 1865, but are less by upwards of a million than in October, 1860. The emigration returns for the month of November, for the port of Liverpool, show a considerable falling off compared with the previous month, and a small decrease also as compared with the corresponding month of last year. The Legislature of Canada has passed an. act authorising the construction of a ship canal between Lakes Huron and Ontario -a distance of about sixty miles. This work is intended to be of sufficient capacity to admit of the cosy passage of 100-ton steam pro- pellers, and will bring the two extremities of the line within twelve or fourteen days' distance. Half the required capital-£8,000,000" \- has already been provisionally subscribed for in the United States. The National Steamship Company (Limited),. whose magnificent steamers ply weekly between Liverpool, Queenstown, and New York, have, it is said, offered to the Post-office authorities to convey the mails one day in each week to New York at the rate of a penny per half-ounce for letters, which would, in effect, establish a penny postage between this country and North America. 'I he last American accounts give an unfavourable picture of the condition of the manufacturing States. The majority of the factories are not working more than three quarters time and the shipbuilding interests . are particularly depressed, In Newburyport, Massachusetts, it is said the shipbuilding trade, which formerly constituted the chief business of that flourishing town, is now almost entirely stopped. The few vessels that were launched last year were built at a loss. Mechanics cam poor wages, and while labour and property are less productive, the cost of living has not fallen in a corresponding degree. " The repeal of the Reciprocity Treaty with Canada is now, more than ever seen to have operated disastrously to the New England States. THE LONDON WOOL SALES. The colonial wool sales ended on the 14th inst. Subjoined is the report of Messrs. Dutton and Ferry :-" The fourth and last series of colonial wool sales for the year commenced on the 14th November, and terminated this day. The quantity catalogued has been 107,406 bales, the arrivals since the last sales being 87,430 bales, the excess of 19,9/6 bales arising from wools held over- horn previous sales, and those in second hands. Owing to the reports current respect- ing the heavy stocks of wool held by manu- facturers and dealers, the deficient harvest in this country and France (rendering less probable a speedy termination of the long continued dulness of trade), as well as about 25,000 bales of Buenos Ayres wool being offered for public sale at Antwerp and Havre, simultaneously with ours, the pro spectsforthese sales were very discouraging. At the commencement there was a fair attendance of the home trade, but the number of foreign buyers was very limited, and the result of the first few days showed a reduction of 2d per lb. in average on Australian wools generally. and at least 2d. to 2d. on Cape compared with the August series, the range of prices thus established being much lower than had prevailed for some time past. During the earlier portion of the sales the chief support was given by the home trade, purchasers for the flannel districts especially showing a disposition to stock freely throughout and on the conclusion of the Antwerp sales many fresh buyers arrived from Belgium and from Germany, induced by reports of the low prices of the raw material. Further support was also afforded by several importers, who withdrew their wools (of which, however, a considerable quantity were afterwards re-offered and sold at an advance, in public sale or privately) rather than incur such heavy losses. This, combined with the increased competition, imparted a decidedly firmer tone to the market, particularly for all good descriptions, but inferior and faulty parcels participated in the improvement to a much smaller extent than the others. Cape formed the most prominent feature in this series. There was only a small quantity of the western flocks which were taken readily at somewhat below August rates-the bulk was the produce of the eastern provinces, and was, for the most part, of the usual short staple, but v/onîZ glad to observe they prove less seedy than lose' season. The excessively large quantity of the latter description pressed heavily upon the market, and it is mainly attributable to the support given by the continental buyers that they have been disposed of; at the same time, greatly reduced rates had to he submitted to, and, although shafty Hocks are only about 6d. lower, the inferior sorts closed at fully 2d. less than in August. Snow white and good scoured are nearly as high as last sales, but heavy con- ditioned and handwashed quite 2d. per lb. cheaper S greasy, 9d. to Id. Sydney, Port Phillip, and New Zealand offered a very small supply of fine combing and clothing, and they were well competed for at nearly, if not quite, August late Fair average flocks also were scarce closing 3d to 6d lower but on the faulty and inferior kinds which greatly predominated, the reduction is at least 25 per lb Scoured presented a "v cry large supply, mostly skin and badly got up wools, which have sold at a reduction of 2d in revenge below August rates, for the few of better finality there has been a good demand at nearly former quotations Greasy were principally (with the exception of New Zealand) secondhand wools and low quality and condition, the average re dilation bringing per lb Lambs of all descriptions have been cv-cecduifely scarce and the demand being brisk they have realised full rates The quantity taken for export it is est quitted at about 35 000 bales Advices just IV "team Melbourne report that arrivals o*V>v, new clip are likely to be retarded owing to heavy rains and the flooded state of the country at shearing time, the flocks already aimed were principally in the grease, and exceeding]) well grown and light in condition with regard to prospects for the next sales, which it is expected will not take place before the 5th March, we think there is no reason to doubt present pacts will be maintained at the same train the large supplies anticipated for next year together with the inanimate state of trade do not warrant an) sanguine ext cotations being formed for the future " MESSRS STABLES, STRAKER, AND CO 'S AUSTRALIAN CIRCULARS London, Dec 14 The compare the abatement of draper) exports during the past month has been produced A o of a much lower range of values, gross totals being now returned at £910,303 against £1,164 091 In October November, n decline of £208,0 If to this amount we add the value (2,000) of the exceptionally heavy) array of late entries, per Thyatira, which, although entering into our present accounts, should proper!) have been debited against the previous month consequent!) counting for doubles In a comparison-we arrive at the sum of £312,000 as representing the decline during the cried Compared with the corresponding month of last year we also show a considerable decrease, upon words of £200,000 Subjoined Is our era tomar) analysis - Victor Sydne) (¿ceciiíilíuid Adelaide Tasmania New Zealand £ 431,053 210,922 37,219 10s 535 0 401 117 20 671 890 204 206 28 605 130 801 83 106 126 079 Do crease £ 139,937 47,303 24,129 211,842 In excise 2681 21,191 victoria -The decline throughout our various draper) columns is pretty evenly marked The same also of metals generally, with the trifling exceptions of all cut and plain iron and zinc Shipments of linseed oil full) double last months quotations other of s are lower, and of turps, naphtha, and varnish we have not a single item Dundee goods of all deserve lions are considered!) reduced the exception being, in the care of woolpacks, which are practically as before du tobacco British sun It, and beers of both enumerations we note an improvement, but brand), demand red v no are in lesser su) pi) Cheese is below, and bacon and hams are above our last accounts, hops and malt also standing in similar relative post tion Candles in the aggregate, have not varied, although the respective descriptions are somewhat altered Currants are represented by a total weight -one ft north and) that of last month, and our column for raisins is nil TI o Moravian and the Highflyer have cleared for this colony since the close of our statistic") 1 month The cargo of the latter Includes about J 60C(,al brand), 2 800 gal rum, 200ewt raisins, 12cwt candles, lOSovvt lions, Oijcvvt bacon UOcwt cheese 400 cwt sardines bcsidcsaheav) valuoiudrapcr) coo Is We are indebted to a correspondent for particulars of cargo per Dowe, which left 1 Frederickstadt for Melbourne about two months, viz -24,500 flooring boards, 10 000 weatherboards 7 100 planed boards, and 1 219 cut deals We should be obliged to our ment's if, vvhen-conve)iig to us information respect- his. gin) ments from-foreign ports for the purposes of the * circular they would do so at a date as closely) as a resignation, to the official clearance as possible, so materially) enhancing its value, and as our tables are intended to indicate only such cargoes as are afloat, and not prospective shipments we under take to suspend the publication of all statistics received privately until assured of the vessels clearance 6) due) The decline to this market is relative c) equal to that quoted under the Melbourne heading and at play more or less the all the items running three hout Tables 4 to 5 the principal exceptions bellin linseed and bulk olive oils, which, although higher, are still below the average of the year, and Cornsacks, which are much as before Tobacco, brandy, and Hi dish spirit, are each lower in total, rum is a new hat advanced, an increase in red wine is balanced by a corresponding decline in white and beers show but little variation Mustard, starch and blue, also oatmeal and pearl barley exhibit a moderate increase, and candles a slight decline Dried fruits are also at lower quotations LONDON PRODUCE MARKETS TLEMIAV TVHMNO Die 24 Hides At the public sales of East India on Dec 20 4) 7 "SkieS, 8 261 tanned do and 70 buffalo hides were offered, and 43,728 skips, 8,251 tanned do and 70 buffalo hides sold The demand was particularly good and consequently the small quantity offered was readily cleared at an advance of 3d to 4d per lb , viz -Import from 1st January) to 19th Dec 1887, 3 129 GoG hides dot ) 20th Dec , 1800, 2,711 072 hides Sales and forwarded, from 1st January to 19th Dec , 1887 3 409 800 hides , do, do to 20th Dec , 1860, 2 6l3,GbU hides Present stock, 140,000 hides , do 24th Dec, 1851, 422 000 hides Of of and levy a larger supply of Australian was brought forward, and was nearly all taken off on previous terms, Cape partly sold at}d decline 12,255 salted Australian nearly all sold, first heav),6Slb to Cools at 11d,, a few lots, 4d to 4d , second, 24th to Ullb at 4d , first Hall t 4lb to 7lb , at 4d a few, 4½d second, 40lb to 1915 at IJd , one lot, and as salt d Cape chiefly) sold first light, 29th to 432 lb at 4d to 4d , seconds, 47th to 60 lb at 4d , lips "and Leather -73 bales Australian mostly sold, best 14th to Willi at 10d to 10d , seconds, 12s to lDUb , 9d to 9d per lb late Levi -141 pilots 23 hhds South American, dull month is, but fair body, about If 4 casks sold at 42s 6d to 43s 3d 81 casks Australian, chiefly taken in, mutton 44s and low beef 40s Tea -Clearances much exceed the landings, and the dea case in stock is of large extent in Great Britain, as compared with this period of 1800 Still prices do not improve, and with the exception of food to Uno, there is yet a dull market Surar-11iotlecrea.su in stock in the United Kingdom is of large extent as compared with this time of last year, amounting to about 60,000 tons, whilst home trade clearance are greater b) 40,000 tons At auction Barbadoes sold at 32s to 33s , grainy Demo ram 36s to 39s and Penang, 32s 6d to 35s Ile fined latter is so s wanted, and rates are steady) Truv i ions -Beef steady, at 10s to 12s 6d per tierce fork With a lim tod inquiry prices are 2s to 2s 6d per barrel lower on the week, quotation to de) Cas to 72s 6d per barrel Bacon dull, at prices against the selling, rates 40s to 40s per cwt Hams in poor demand, at 42s to 48s per cwt Shoulders slow of sale at 53s to 55s per cwt t Butter, 42s to 38s per cwt Cheese, 20s to 24s per cwt Metals -Continued dulness prevails in the metal market, in fact, business is becoming more and more restricted, and In several articles a further reduction in price has been established Ironed he position of AY deb and Staffordshire remains unchanged Makers are unwilling to let orders pass them in spite of unusual crime prices Scotch pig iron has kept its position pretty) well the last quotation being 35s cash Copper-The market has again ailulla||cir ance, and tile hero large sales of bars and produce have been w ii hunt an) benefit 1 resu t In foot, since the arrival 11 the West Coast mail, advising fresh charters for about 600 toiiBcopperproduco.birs have been done at rife again In Liverpool English raw and manufactured is dull at last weeks quotations No business in Australian I'm the market has been very irregular and do pressed , Straits has declined to £37 10s cash sellers, and this price has also been accepted for parcels to arrive Exceptional forced sales have been made at £87 Banca nominally £93 He states -very) low prices have been accepted for both coke and charcoal there is no appearance of an improved demand at present Lead -Still very dull, £11) tor is d felt bullish pi/ Spelter has further declined Last sales, £20 7s 6d per ton ENGLISH SHIPPING IN TELLIGENCE ARRIVALS Alchymist, at LU erpool 10th December, from Adelaide Flatworth, at Gravesend 13th December, from Adelaide Harwich, at Deal 23rd December, from Adelaide Indus at Peak 27th November, from Adelaide lady Darling, at Liverpool, 16th December, from Melbourne Ular) Nicholson, at Liverpool, 10th December, from Adelaide Mnoveh, at Gravesend, 14th December, from Sydney is side of the West, at Liverpool, 10th December, from Adolf ide Rifleman, at Deal, 6th December, from Sydney) DEPARTURES Ada, from Gravesend 20th November, for Melbourne Lalniacarrol, from Gravesend 22nd December, for Hobart Town Bruce, from Liverpool 4th December, for Mel his arm Coeur de Lion, from Gravesend 17th December, for Adelaide Cm ml store, from Deal 22nd December, for Port Jil 1 Sir Cot rang, from Deal 13th December, for Brisbane Cinwfhuvv Belle), from Deal 6th December, for Adclalt'c Dinilar Castle, from Deal 3rd December, for Sydney Jil press, from Deal 3rd December, for Auckland is refund from Deal 3rd December, for Otago Great Britain, from Liverpool 16th December, for J clcournc Golden Sea, from Gravesend 18th December, for Svdio lll(.hi')cr, from Deal 11th December, for Port . \ illip. 1 Hippolyta, from Liverpool 23rd December, for st?)dney) John Nicholson, from Gravesend 30th November, for Adelaide John R W orccster, from Deal 20th, November, for Port Phillip Moravian, from Deal 9th December, for Port Phillip Oceanica, from Liverpool 17th December, for King George's Sound Queen of the North, from Lix orpool 4th December, For Melbourne Salsette, from Liverpool 29th November, for Melbourne. Vimiera, from Liverpool 10th December, for Melbourne 'N.anc.tszc, from Gravesend 18th December, for Sydney). Valdha, from Liverpool 23rd December, for Adelaide. - SHIPS LOADING AT LONDON For Melbourne. White Rose, Was of ot Ute, Ade aide Dnkir, Sussex Gala, Essex, Natolca For Sydney -Borealis, Sir John Lawrence, Ben Lomond, Kiflunnn Northampton Nineveh For Adelaide Thames Knight. of faiiowdou*«/ Or nato Queens land Shun Lee For Moreton Bay - Eagle Bayswater, Zealandia For Launceston -Volocldadc For Swan River Lady Louisa For New Zealand - Racehorse Gainsborough, Charlotte Ann Algernon Celestial Queen Albion AT LIVERPOOL For Melbourne -Royal Oak, Sea King, W H Habcldon rorSjdncj -Hiupolv ta, Rimac For Adelaide- Valdivia Vldfame AT GLASGOW For Melbourne -Tamana, AT LEITH For Adelaide -Cabot VESSELS SPOKEN WITH Oceanus from Cardiff, for King George's Sound, Nov 28 27 N 21 W SPIRIT OF THE PRESS THE VICTORIAN CRISIS (moir THE TIMES DEC 11 ) the history of the colony of Victoria for the last few years is eminently interesting and instructive In that remote region and comparatively narrow arena has been fought out a iv holt that of constitutional bottles nor is the stale yet it an end No one can say whether it will terminate in a pacification an internal revolution or a reference of the whole matter to the decision of the home authoritiES The beginning of the mischief in this case was our old friend the exploded doctrine of protection which after having been banished from the soil of] England seems to 1 no found a congenial soil and climate in those democratic communities which she has created the Lower House of the colony of Victoria being elected by universal suffrage, was naturally seized with a strong desire for protection to native industry the Upper House elected under a local franchise was just as naturally strongly dish used for free trade In order to force tin, had of the Upper Chamber the Assembly tucked a bill containing their new tariff to the ordinary Appropriation Bill which Ap preparation Bill tims encumbered the Legislative Council refused to pass. The Governor Sir Charles Darling and his Ministry de A ised aschenieforappiopriatingpubhcirioncy without the consent of the Council 1 his misconduct most justly drew down on a Charles Billing censure and together with some otherindisci e tion recall from his Government But though censured by the home authorities Sir Charles Darling was regarded as martyrs by the party in the colony whose interests he had served well if not wisely and thiypropo ed to the Home Government to make a grant to Sir Charles Darling of £20 000 by way of compensation for his losses 1 h vote could not be proposed without the consent of the Queen and that consent the Queen was advised by Mr Cardwell to with hold because it is contrary to a rule of the public service for any colonial Governor to meet the any grant of money from the colony whose affairs he has administered Here the matter would in all probability have rested had not the change of Government r faced the seals of the colonies in other hands Sir Charles Darling retired from the colonial "service and thus evadedthelettei though not the si mt of tin i regulation of the Home Government The present Governor of the colony Sir Henry Manners Sutton proposed to the Chambers of Victoria a grant of two 000 to Lady Darling Ulns vote as may easily be supposed the Assembly passed with the utmost alacrity and sent up to the Legislative Council as a part of the Appropriation Bill the Council threw out the bill twice and a dissolution of the Assembly is to take and see in order to test the opinion of the colony on the subject Any one who wishes for further details on this matter will find them in the letter of our Melbourne correspondent who though not out with a strong feeling in favour of the Assembly furnishes all the materials which are required for an imp usual judgment It is needless to encumber our statement with minute details 'We have stated enough to enable us to appreciate the conduct of all the actors in this singular diurnal There is no occasion to say anything more as to the original cause of dispute We do not require in this country to have it proved to us that free trade is right and protection wrong the House of Commons approved the dismissal of bu Charles Dalling and no one was found to defend him from the just and severe censuiewhiehhc had incurred for lending himself to the violation of the spirit and we bein v e the letter of the law which he was so bound to maintain and obey The subsequent correspondence which fills a moderate sized blue book reflects little credit on him and is a signal proof of weakness on the part of the Colonial Office in allowing j able time to be frittered away by complaints so far clouds and requests so unreasonable and so of ten repeated Its fleets no credit on the Assembly of Victoria that they a dependency of the English Crown when a deliberate and most of the Home Government and of the House of Commons supported with rare in inanity by the press and by public opinion has been given against them should seek to fly in the face of that authority which as a depends ney of the British Crown and as a community professing, at least to be governed by law and not by popular impulse they are bound to respect and seek to reward a public servant for the very conduct for which his official superiors had severely censured him It requires no very refined reasoning to prove that such a course strikes at the very root of the rela tion between the mother country and the colonies The rule by which thaticlation is regulated is law, the executive agency by which it is kept up is the governor who is bound to guide himself by law and to stand upon the between contending parties in a colony If the Assembly is allowed to abuse its lower over the public purse to give the Governor an indemnity or a reward for services rendered to the party dominant in the Assembly it is quite clear that he cannot escape suspicion The relations between the colony and the parent State are poisoned at the fountain-head and along step has been taken towards their disruption Mr Cardwell was therefore quite right in refusing the assent of the Crown to a vote of money to be Charles Dalling or what is the same think Is this 'one It cannot be wondered at that the Assembly should persevere in the evil course to which they have committed the ourselves nor pel Imps that the Council who have obtained a victory on a former occasion should adhere tenaciously to the ground the by have taken up They see 1 mainly no doubt that if the plan of luckin!, obnoxious votes to the Appropriation Act is to become established their power of resisting any expenditure however obnoxious is gone and that the same process by which one of their constitutional rights has been wrested from them may be applied in succession to the best They also feel that this vote is meant to humiliate and lower them in the eyes of the public and that it is proposed to them by their opponents in a tone of conical insult and defiance They are plainly told that the real question is not of the £20 000 more immediately in question but of the existence of the Legislative Council, that revolution is intended and that the Assembly considers the assent of the Council to a money bill as a mere form and claims to an ply the money of the public with out their consent when it is withheld All this is it must in all fairness and candour be allowed sufficiently limiting but yet there are considerations on the other side of stillwater weight The Council has not to contend with the Assembly alone The vote is not only passed by the Lower House it is recommended by the Crown and we fail to see what good purpose can be answered by any further attempt of the Council to resist this or mous combination 'Vic claim the more weight for our opinion because we have throughout supported the views of the Council as against the Assembly The time has come when it would be alike wise and grace fail to yield and to leave the responsibility where it justly falls-that is to be divided between the Assembly and the Home Go- v eminent It remains to consider that which most concerns us in England No can look with tember and coolness on these colonial squabbles Such things are perhaps almost necessary incidents in the history of infant states We cannot always count on being represented by prudent and judicious governorS or expect that two free communities are mated by the diameter of the earth should work without a certain degree of divergence But what shall we say of the conduct of our own Colonial Minister ' Mr Cardwell distinctly refused permission to propose the grant to Sir Charles Darling to the Assembly of Victoria Sir Henry Manners Sutton the present governor, has proposed it. He could not have done had not the prohibition of Mr Cardwell been recalled It was not recalled by Lord Carnarvon and it must therefore have been a called by the Duke of Buckingham his successor We can hardly imagine a more fatal step The rule is clear and express that no governor shall receive any gift or reward from the colony The reason of the rule is equally plain-the necessity of present mg the men who are to act as mediators between the Home Government and the colony and between one colonial party and another from even the spirit of corruption The rule in its spirit applies just as much to a governor who has resigned the service as to one who is in it. The object is that when he acts he should be free from hope or fear the protection of that rule against the encroachments of the colonists is intrusted to the special care and vigilance of the Secretary of State and the way he protects it is that when a governor has been censured and recalled for a course of conduct which no party in this country pretends to justify he proposes to the colonists to reward the governor for the very conduct to which the Home Government has censured and that in violation of a rule of his own office based on the plainest grounds of public policy So much for the principle now look" at the result The quarrel was at an end It has been opened anew by the agency of the Colonial Office A without the consent of the Minister the question could not again have been raised and that consent has been given the quarrel has extended to send its original hunts and what was a question about an ill advised grant is now a question of the extinction not by law butb)vio fence of one branch of the colonial Legislature The colonists who are about to give a splendid testimony of loyalty by their Keep tion of the Duke of 1 dearth are ready to contradict that testimony by trampling under foot the organic law that unites them to the British Crown THE Dr AND LOCK IN VICTORIA (FROM lHLSvriMDv). mine mc 21) The odd constitutional contest which has rated for two or three years in the colony of Victoria still proceeds with unabated vigour They have Australian politicians yet learned the English series of reconciling two nice leaders and co ordinate I legislator bodies Social sympathies the habitual pursuit of common objects and electoral influences which cannot always he reconciled with the strict theo) y of the Constitution have hitherto enabled Lords and Commons with some I periodical bickerings to avoid any decisive collision It will be well if the working of the new Reform Bill produces none of the results which trouble democratic Parliament in the colonies 'Yet it must not be supposed that 'Victoria is on the verge of re billion although it prides itself on the belief that it is almost passing through a revolution The Home Government is happily not a party to the struggle and the visit of an English Prince to the remote city odes educes a fervour of per suite loyalty which has apparently acquired fresh vigour from the ancient nation Although the Council and the Assembly are unable to pass an appropriation bill! all 1 attics agree that money must under any circumstances be found for the entertainment of the Duke old Edinburgh at the public cxiciiH. lins enthusiasm which is felt for For it by assuredly proceeding from no service feeling is a pleasant proof of the tenacity with which home associations are still cherished and valued the son of the Queen is welcomed as a symbol and representative of the customs and institutions of England and there is both wisdom and good taste in the determination to regard the Royal visit as a matter wholly unconnected with political questions It is scarcely probable that when the Australian provinces hereafter become independent they will borrow from Europe the forms of hereditary) monarchy but it may be hoped that their history will be continuous and exempt from the sudden break which has unfortunately alienate several Renditions of Americans from the country for which then ancestors only a son tury ago cultivated a cordial allegiance If the Irish inhabitants of Victoria she vi in any defence the per verse pi judges of then could team in, the United States they have the good taste to suppress them indefeieiiee to the general decline, but there is no reason to suspect that 1 consensus exists where it has not been engendered by the union of lush intemperance with the noisy malevolence of the worst class of American politicians The constitutional difficulty in Victoria con sistsin theicfusalof the Legislative Council to concur in a grant of £20,000 to Lady Dal line which has been voted by the Assembly the Appropriation Bill authorising the grant has been more than once rejected and the supplies necessary for the public service have been temporarily provided by votes on account to which the Council has assented It is not surprising that the Upper House should regard with disfavour a grant which is intended as a censure on itself and a protest against the decision of the Home Govern- ment The contest between the two branches of the Legislature has lasted for several years and Sir Charles Darling as Governor gave an active and irregular support to the Assembly As it was admitted that public money could not be legally disbursed without the assent of both Houses the local Government devised the singular plan of accepting bills for Minis due to creditors and of afterwards confessing judgment in a series of fictitious action- The Treasurer then paid the amount as it under stress of 1 tw so that as long as the system lasted the authority of Paris it it was in all payments of public money It tically super ceded It is not the business of the Home Government to inquire too curiously into anomalies which may have produced for special reasons into the local tin mists turn of the colonies but we whatever maybe the respective rights and powers of I legislative c Councils and Assemblies it was evidently not the duty of the representative of the Crown to take part in a transparencies action of constitution to law Accordingly Sir Caldwell recalled Sir Charles Darling whose case a judgment was at the same time justly attributed to excessive zeal for the tranquillity and prosperity of the colony Mr H M minus Sutton who was appointed to the vacant office has earned out his in structions by observing perfect repair fight but he has not succeeded in effecting are conciliation between the belligerent Houses The Assembly for the purpose of honoring and rewarding the former Governor for his martyrdom voted £20,000 to lady Darling but the grant was in the fast instance it rendered moments of by the rule that a public servant is prevented from receiving gifts for the performance of his duties The Assembly could scarcely object to the application of a rule which is at the same time uniform and obviously expedient the fiction by which the timitliad been nominally made to the wife of the ex. Governor could in no degree affect the l obey or practice of the Imperial Government but the technical objection, to the tram has since been removed by the action of Sir C Darling from the public service in v oh ing his i enunciation of the right to the tension which has lately been allowed to colonial governors His former official supe i tors can therefore no longer claim any control over his actions although they may probably retain the opinion that a functionary once to] pointed by the Crow n ought to look to the Government alone for the reward of his services the acceptance of a large sum of money from one of two contending parties throws a slur on the character of a high f cheery whose first duty was to hold the political Inhince absolutely even the reward relates luck to the time at which it was carried and the expectation of similar gifts might here i often tend to a corrupt disregard of duty As a private j uson Sir C Darling has no need to ask the permission of the Crown to profit by the liberality of one branch of the Legislature of the colony which he lately governed but it was not in a private but in a public capacity) that he performed the acts which were sponsored by the Secretary of State and which are now to be rewarded by the lines of his irregular procedure The act which is in the present instance perhaps merely indelicate ought to be rendered illegal and even penal by express legislation It may be inexpedient to interfere with the wanted a Colonial Legislature but a line i equal to the amount of the tube might be justly imposed on the recipient Hellenic Government could not fail to mark its sense of the impropriety of the transaction by the refusal of its assent to the measure if the sale had not for good reasons I the established that the colonies must be exclusively responsible for the conduct of their own affairs If the Parliament of Victoria thinks fit to give the money of its con- statuettes to a private person the Imperial Government declines l> interfere and Sir H Manners Sutton has in obedience to the order of the Secretary of State officially in formed both Houses that Sir C Darling no longer holds the position of a pensioner of the Crown or of a claimant of a pension The Imperial recognition of the self. government of the colony could scarcely be more complete for the Secretary of State must be understood to disclaim all responsibility for an utterly indefensible measure The Assem- bly has on the receipt of the Governors message, renewed the vote for the grant to Lady Darling and the Council has refused to pass the Appropriation Bill by which the issue of the money would be authorised S\ while the Governor preserves his mu trally. his responsible advisers represent- ing the majority of the Assembly, are faint on overcoming the resistance of the Council and in a formal memorandum they have proposed to the Governor a dissolution, for the purpose of taking the opinion of the constituency on the Darling grant A general election affords but an indirect method of enclosing a pressure on the Council nor are then Imperial precedents for an appeal to the people to support an ex crw scheme, Far liamentary majority 1 heAssemblyisresolved on upon which it believes to be popular and except for the necessity of doing something it would seem unnecessary to test the adhesion which might be taken for granted the Minis ten, mysteriously assure the Governor that if the vote of the Assembly is ratified by the constituency they will regard the decision as final and crimes they may intend to hold, out a is not of some revolutionary measure by which the resistance of the Council would be sup pressed As the Assembly is elected on a lower franchise than the Council and for a short period it can always, command the support of the numerical majority and its pretensions receive a kind of countenance horn the analogy of the House of Commons to which the House of Lords has always eventually defeated the Governor has adopted the recommendation of his Cabinet and unless some compromise can be effected a new election will he held It seems that some members of the Council have intimated that the giant would receive fair consideration if it were separately proposed instead of being included in a general Appropriation Bill On the other hand members in Victoria as in England object to unnecessary dissolutions and it is possible that to avoid personal inconvenience the Assembly might incline to an amicable arrangement The quarrel is interesting chiefly because it exemplifies the inherent weakness of units have constitutions A king or queen who reigns without gov curing is a remarkable product of unconscious political ingenuity but an resented the Crown who reproduces the same fiction in a colony presents a still more singular spectacle The governors of American states possess and exercise ample low ears and probably the Parliamentary M mistress of the colonists will practically an pi operator to themselves the functions of their nominal superiors By violent 01 peaceable ticUisition it will also be necessary to make one of two Assemblies practically supreme A Constitution in its teens which his produced several years deadlock is evidently not in all respects the counterpart of its venerable prototype in the northern hemi- sphere e The American Senate has the duty of it presenting the several states but the Conn oil of a Ortona represents only a portion of the constituency which as a whole returns the Assembly It may be confidently anticipated that the controversy will be settled by the triumph of the stronger party and it is only to he hoped that the result will be alta ned without unnecessary bitterness of feeling THE HUGHES 01 till CONST 11 IT HUSSAR CONDUCT Ah VICTORIA (FROM THE ECONOMIST DEC 21 ) It is very difficult it is very nearly impossible for average Englishmen to follow the details of a constitutional crisis like that now existing in Victoria and yet to the true politician nothing can be more full of into rest the problem of our day is not how to obtain freedom from a tyrannic prince tyranny of the scientific kind weancspunces too much for that and tyranny of the un scientific kind produces bankruptcy but how to reconcile freedom with a strong and successful 1 executive Tv cry famine in seeming that combination throws the cause of wise government back a little and as we are the great constitution makers of man 1 and the only nation which can make them under circumstances admitting of expen n answer ought to watch every new citation with a disposition to derive expert nee from the results of our work This is leton allan for example illustrates one of our most frequent errors belief that the latent social forces of one country can be made operative another in the United Kingdom for example, it has been possible for several pow ers each of we which could destroy the action of the others, towoikhai moniously together The Sov ei eign ran v t to all bills but for reasons not worth putting into here never does vote any bill The v cto of the Lords is also absolute, but nevertheless the Lords are never in serious collision with the Commons never venture to consider their veto more than suspensive ade saying, force operative until the nation has clearly made up its own mind Unfortunately the Colonial Secretaries who have been our great constitution makers have usually copied British theory rather than Lu tish practice and the theory not being suited to the new country shows a tendency to break down AN e liavcnothad much trouble, lighting subject with the viceregal power The toy or not s are still it fly instructed not to oppose the people of the colonies except when the sun remacy of law or some interest clearly implies! are in question and on such point they are supported by areal power-the por feet readiness of Great Britain to let any Anglo Saxon colony become independent when it wishes The colonists are aware that if they override the governor s constitutional lower they have only to set up for them selves and as they do not yet wish to set up for themselves they very seldom override it As far as we can remember they have only done so once-at the Cape when the colony and the Governor fought in a quiet but deadly way about the admission of convicts and the Governor was beaten by what was in reality an unarmed reby Ilion that case has almost escaped peoples memory because the major city at home sided with the colonists thus condoning all illegalities and because it was so exceptional, and we do not own selves as they ate much trouble horn the independence of the governors inconsistent as it is with the principles of the new constitutions They are ambassadors and know how to yield, find the fine difficulty arises in the relations between the two Houses who together make up each LegHatme It may we think be safely affirmed that the intention of those who framed the colo i ml constitutions, was to make the majority of the colonists sovereigns though thou re piece relatives subject to only two checks Their Commons were not to decree any of nig distinctly adverse to British interests under penalty of the withdrawal of Bush protection The power of cheek in this case was entrusted to the governor and has worked on the whole fairly w ell They were not to do anything distinctly disliked by their own propertied class under penalty of seeing their nets delayed by that class for a longer or shorter period of time Plus lower was entrusted to the Upper House which it was believed would act just as our 1 pier House does , would use the absolute were conferred on it by law as a suspensive veto and with due discretion Unfoitu lately the colonial Upper Houses have no reason whatever for assuming this position The House of Lords at home is aware at once that it has ceased to he a coordinate legislative boil) and that its remaining 2, powers and pay sexes are of enormous value. It is considered that if it resists the nation it will be abolished but that so long as it abstains from that extreme course it can modify legislation almost at will that its members occupy a high 1 place in the social economy of the country - witness the difference between an Irish title without a seat and a British title with one and that they possess the land the almost inestimable privilege of addressing the nation at all times on all subjects with the cor tainty of an audience which thinks them in their places, and doing the proper work. The members of the colonial Upper Houses have none of these induce- ments to modulation their prerogatives are not vaguely defined by historical precedent but strictly defined by an act of Parliament and consequently they think themselves perfectly at liberty to use them to the full They have by statute the power to reject a vote passed by the representatives of the people and consequently when so inclined they do reject it They have very little to lose the people rose in rebellious wrath and abolished them, they would be when they were influential proprietors with a great chance of a fair position in the Lower House If the Supreme Parha incur abolished them they would soon; be ge riflemen who had obt}cdonc law who submittted to another and who were on the whole quite willing that either should pass 1 hey see no reason for not exerting their full power and they do exert it sometimes with an almost scornful independence Even tin could be home with ease if either the Gov- one of the representatives had the power of increasing the number of the Upper House but, unfortunately they usually have not The members of that body having in Last one status it was needful to give them an artificial one and they were therefore appointed for life and strictly limited in number were in fact, pi iced beyond the ultimate reach of other Governor or retire sentatives We see the consequences in Victoria The Assembly there is determined for reasons we think wretchedly unwise but which are beside our present purposes ' appropriate £20,000 to a grant to the former Governor Sir Charles Darling He has bet is promised this grant it has been twice voUdtohim and on the strength of it he has resigned the service and the immediate pro i cent of a considerable pension He must therefore have it but the Upper House not as roving says he shall not have it and the t and being part of the Appropriation Bill which the j cannot alter reject that bill in toto This is equivalent to an intense vote stopping the supplies , but the vote has been passed by the Lords and the colonists are furious ! Still there is under the Constitution no Timed) The G ovenior does not approve sees frame an act which leaves him without money to pay anybody poore included but he can not increase the numbers of the Council The JtiwKti) are in a rage at such obstinacy but they cannot convince obstinate men who do not care whether they at e pleased or not The poor h an savage but they cannot abolish the I council and the case is not one for 1) Meharg a clear majority of its members-the only course within their direct power So the Cabinet has agreed to dissolve the Assembly a troublesome ceremonial of no manner of use for the Council is unchangeable and would be justice obstinate if the Assembly were dissolved ten times It has in fact no conceivable reason for not being obstinate except actual physical fear of being I cited which among 1 nuisance does not amount to much if even it does not increase greatly the pie existing obstinacy There are no historic forces at very tempting mem hers to yield anjtlnngrnther than destroy the Order There is nothing to fear except the action of the sin. reme Parliament which at the utmost can only abolish the Council -which has no particular interest, if it is not to go its own way in continuing to exist As to the anarchy which may be produced by the want of funds the Councillors dread it very little firstly) because anarchy in a cow is) like Victoria means very little secondly because being wealth) the) can take fairly good care of them selves There is a termine deadlock which only Pnilmnient con remove and Parliament only by one of four processes It is quite clear that the two Houses can not be left absolutely co ordinate in form but that the law in the colony must be made to correspond with the English fact-the ultimate sovereignty of the representatives This can be secured in the first place by abolishing the Council or Upper House a course which has in its favour the valuable opinion of Earl Grey who throughout his career as a colonial legislator fought for government by a single chamber but which has the disadvantage that it throws all Con servative responsible) upon the Governor alone a responsibility to which the British Government will probably not consent In the second place Parliament can any of the Governor with the power of creating member is to be used whenever then appears to be sufficient necessity This is merely another form of abolition Such a power can only be and in concert with the colonialMinisti) which once possessed of it by statute will use it whenever it is resisted and thus either swamp the Upper House or and muihiiioiipiobabl) niostiiijurioushdimmish the number of candidates available for the Low to or actual governing Chamber So certain does this process appear to us that we venture to predict if this power is granted that the Upper House in Victoria will in ten years completely outnumber the Lower and prove a serious obstacle to the election of (utter g candidates In the third place Par humour can change the absolute veto into a sus] on one veto operative only until the electors had been consulted This looks 1 plausible more es] eel ill) as it many seem bless the actual ] notice in Great Britain but we fear the suspensory veto being conferred by statute would be used too frequent - used const milk to enable the U] i ci House to satisfy itself of its own power It has nothing to lose remember and it has many 1 commits) interests to protect some of which one if not selfish at least so mixed with sel I sh considerations as to expose it to considerable and sometimes to passionate obloquy His constant bus] custom of Land Bills for exist] he would not tend to the rev gentle government of the colony There remains the fourth course which though a little over friend or even brutal in its assertion of the sovereigns) of thereuiesentatives meets sound theory) and actual ligtish practice most nearly of all this is to enable the governor and the governor only to remit a bill rejected by the Council back to the Assembly and if it is then raised by a two third etc to make it law Doubtless such a law implies that when the repiescntativcbod) and the nominee body quarrel the representative a body is to w in but then is not that what weak heart intend whenever imperial interests are not at state "When they are a go vernor will not refer the bill it will use his official v etc A decision by) an Upper House which isnotsuppoitcd by even one thereof the representatives is pretty sure to bretheren unwise or next This decision and in the few cases in which it is both wise and ex pedient as for example, it might be on a t burch question or a remission of nee trade the colony) must put up with the one inherent evil of popular government the possibility of a nearly minus a popular mistake We have to put up with it too as witness the passing of the Ecclesiastical Titles Act in the teeth of the decided protest of three in four out of experienced Liberal politicians The single evil we can foresee in such a System - always presuming that the colonists are intended to rule the colony- is the possibility that each 1 mt) might agree that if its bill passed by a I am ninjout) it should pass also by a majority of two Hands Something, like that does happen in England in voting money to the Royal family of any complimentary grant but it could soared) happen in even) serious matter if it should all that could be said is that the Governor and l topic of Victoria alike consider an Upper Chamber an ornamental surplusage and as this when invited are to govern Victoria the Upper Chamber must be ticated by Parliament as such THE CRISIS IN VICTORIA (FROM THE LONDON STVt<DlHD) the state of political affairs in the colony of Victoria demands the earnest attention of the people and Government of England. The one significant and important element in the situation is not that there is a crisis but that there is absolutely no way whatever out of it except in Revolution or the defect in it in position of the Imperial Government It is no longer to be denied that the local re- sources for solving this difficulty are finally exhausted and there exists in the colony no machinery whatever for removing the d end lock The whole of the di amata give bona like the characters in one of the scenes or * The Critic are on then 1 rises and there is no proper way of getting, them up or off 1 In Assembly wall not the Council cannot yield Hu Governor has ar turn between the two has conti lv ed to wedge himself immovably between the opposing nurses and to make confusion worse confounded the crisis as it is somewhat humourously called seen" that it is kind of ton (mt habit of the A Victorian Constitution, linsnowcndurcdforiiioicthansixmonths and has survived two st ssions of Parliament-the supplies for the service of the state have been withheld during the whole of this time or doled out regularly and by ladies in evasion of the law I lie Connell has rejected two Appropriation Bills, and as a last expedient Sir John Manners Sutton has consented to dissolve Parliament that is to say) the Legislative Assembly or Lower House of Vic tone The nature of this remedy proves how desperate are the straits to which Sir John Man more Sutton is reduced A dissolution can only affect the Assembly which is the aggies set in the quarry and in which there is already a large majority pledged to support the Ministry in their policy and indeed participates in all their acts the Upper House not being dissolve able is not likely to he influenced by the result of any now general election Ivuthcr ate the two parties in the country likely to have failed in their relations to each other since the last election which was only two years ago the Mines tempests or Democrats who hnvosuppoitcc the Government in all their unlawful course! for the sake of protection, are in a majority of about five to three of the Constitutionalist! and Free to adorn A general election is no hill) to alter the proportions in which the two parties are represented in the Assembly and even if it should do so, byincicosmg ordi ininishingMi IM Culloch majority that would not tend to settle the difficulty 1 he question in dispute is one as we have before Bain, no to be decided by the numerical majority of the people of Victoria It turns specially and immediate 1) upon the interpretation of a pom of constitutional law which no popular vote however large can make other than it is and generally, upon the observance of a duty towards the Sovereign and Un Imports authority with which the popular voice u Victoria is equally incompetent to meddle The people of the colony of Victoria cannot be asked at the hustings whether or not the Government is to break the law or to keep it They cannot make by their votes that legs which by the answer is allies' nor that constitutional which is v?V<>sei to the letter of the written constitution An appeal to the country, therefore, as it is called, is useless and absurd as a resource against the crisis It cannot possibly settle the quarrel between the two Houses in any legitimate way The real object of the dissolution has been so low ed by the principal members of the Victorian Ministry themselves in the Assembly and it is worth our while to reflect on their words, as showing the gravity of the occasion and the imminence of the danger with which the British colony of Victoria is threatened the further prosecution of the contest with the legislative Council is entered upon by the Victorian Government with the deliberate intention in the words of the most influ mind and impartial of the Australian journals of that being the Constitution of the country without resort to the source of that Constitution The Attorney General Mr Higinbotham) who appears to be a very model of that which is the last result of a Democrat made perfect-a despot-who once signalled himself by calling the judges of the Supreme Court officers of my department and who openly declared the Kearsage that he would never permit the interference of any Imperial Secretary in the interpretation of the Constitution has made a recent speech in the Assembly in which he declares that he looks forward to the extinction of the Opposition in the coming elections and the accomplishment of ' unity in the new House that is of a House all Ministerialist AN hen this blissful consummation armies the Government it is formally announced by its chief legal authority, intends to dispense with the Legislative Council altogether and with Appropriation Bill As for the Appropriation Bill said the Attorney General it was a mere formal very useful for a punch 1 ally to Treason clerks If those whose duty it is (it was added to give let, affect to that form think proper to refuse to do it I think the instance itself and the conside lations arising, out of it will constitute a liberal education in constitutional finances to the people of this country i lins whatever may happen and the suppression of the Council and the abolition of appropriation bills are among the things which Mr. Higinbotham declares will and must happy it will be welcomed as a liberalethieation by the people of Victoria. The Premier him self Mr M Tulloch) declared loudly that the Council must be compelled to give way Capping this declaration a foremost Ministerial supporter amidst the cheers of the Treasury benches, averred that if the Council would not give way they must be prepared to govern without the Council in plain simple language said this gentle than this was neither more not less than a revolution but the people must be prepared to meet it. It is impossible to mistake the meaning of words like these illustrated as they are by the daily acts of the A victorian Ministry If there is not a revolution now the A victorian Government supposed to represent the Queen s authority in the colony intend to make one if the Council will not do their bidding As the Council on its side cannot give way without submitting not only to a violation of the Constitution but to its own virtual extinction for ever, it will be admitted that the position of affairs is getting somewhat serious in Victoria And what is to be the end of the quarrel ' Any lingering hope that it might be settled by the mutual concessions of the two dispute units is now utterly des) east The prospector successful mediation by the Governor is wearisome to say equally illusory After main outfall allow races for the peculiar difficulties of Sir John Manners buttons portion we are compelled to decline that he has shown himself scarcely more competent to grapple with them than was his immediate predecessor Indeed it would almost appear that Mr Caldwell's i evidence was bent upon earning the gratitude of the Victorian mob in the same manner and by the same means as pool Sir Charles Dalling AN whether it is to be attribute to the demoralising influence of the Darling grant or not we may not say but certainly Sn Tolm Manners Sutton is no conjuror in the sole m" of our Australian dead lock The inst and chief blunder which the Governor of Victoria made was to sanction the placing of the £10 OCO grant to Lady Darling on the 1 estimates By his doing so he was made to ii commend this gross breach of official propriety and that recommendation clearly give encouragement to those whose acts the Imperial Government had deliberately disavowed and condemned the Victorian Ministry might almost have been justified in the threatening language which they used towards the Upper House seeing that the G ov error on behalf of her Majesty had consented to recommend that a reward should be given to the family of Sir Charles Darling for conduct which the Legislative Council had declined to be illegal and unconstitutional which opinion the Imperial Government by the recall of Sir Charles Darling had made its own In fact the proposal of the Darling grant by the new Gov t more might almost be taken as a reversal of the verdict which the Government and the people of England had 1 passed unanimously upon the conduct of the late Governor of N letona But even admitting that Sir John Manners Sutton had no alternative but to consent to the appearance of the Darling grant the! estimates his second blunder against which he had ample warning both in the fate of his predecessor and in the repeated declarations of the opinion of the Upper House was to permit the proposal to he sent up to the Council in the objection al It form of an ordinary item in the Appro Aviation Bill The Governor was clearly not justified in risking the rejection of the Appropriation Bill and the stoppage of the supplies in order to administer to the vindictive o feelings of his Ministers method blunder is that which seems to us to affect most seriously Sir John Manners Sutton s character foroidmary judgment The Council having once thrown out the Appropriation Bill for the express reason that it contained the clause of the Darling grant-a clause which they had not be on allowed an opportunity of discussing as by constitutional law they were entitled to do it is inconceivable that Sir John Manners Sutton should a second time consent to the Appropriation Bill been" sent up in a form which one of the Houses pronounced to unconstitutional and which the Ministry had declared to have been pur- justly music offensive It was impossible that the Governor could hope that the Council would agree to the Appropriation Bill after what had occurred in the previous session The reasons offered by His 1 'c Honey in rr] it to a respectful protest from the Council for lending his sanction to the Ministerial policy are of the feeblest character and utterly debar us from any hope that the new Governor will be any more successful in the old in dealing with the truculent de shot who in years to be presently w holder of that fierce ilcmociaicy-tho implacable Higinbotham Sir John Manners Suttontown tic Council that the point they have raised is one of Parliamentary discretion and: that it is undesirable that he should reach here to withdraw these differences from then I do] cr si hue and to give them the elements of a conflict between one of the two Houses and the representative of the Crown But the conflict already exists- nay it has existed for the last two years since first So 61 miles! Darling was weak enough to make himself a partisan of the M'Culloch Ministry the conflict was there before Sir John Manners Sutton armed in the colony Surely he was sent to end it not to allow it to be fought out many ways the two Houses might please If it is the duty of a British governor not to interfere when one House threatens the other with extinction when it opens; violates the law and proclaimed revolution in Heaven s name what is the use of a British governor and what is the meaning of i Hi little colony' Hav o w of really determines that it is not our business to keep the Queen; law over her colony of Victoria' Or how much further are we to permit the democrat of Victoria to proceed in their revolution' It would be as well for us to consider that there is a large minority, comprising secure: the entire wealth intelligence and respectability of the colony of all classes of opinion is dull sections of society who look to the Federal Government for help against the insolent despotism which the Ministry he established in A lemons It is certain that any interference! from home) which would long pence to the colony and lester the constitutional methods to the regula and lawful groove would be gladly welcomed by a huge majority of the colonists and that it would he patiently submitted to by all As to the immediate question which irritates the Parliament of Victoria in it is only the members of the Victoria) Ministry and their immediate adherents who have ever disputed the authority of England to act as arbiter in the Parliamentary quarrel 1 he Upper House on its side has formally proposed more than once that the whole question should be submitted to the judgment of the Imperial Government and he declared its willingness to be bound by the verdict The Lower House at the instance of the Ministry, has declared this the only fair and peaceful means of arriving at a son tion of the crisis This at least we should be or in mind when the next step is made the A Victorian revolution DESTRUCTION OF HER MAN I JESTY'S THEATRE; 7, (FROM THE HOME NEWS.) On the night of Friday, 6th December, one of the handsomest certainly, if not the finest . theatre in London went the way of all theatres, and was burnt to the ground in less? than two hours. The fire while ii raised was one of the fiercest ever known in London. and though the main building, the beautiful theatre, quickly burnt itself out and crumbled away in a towering pyramid of Home, yet its surroundings continued to blaze, as line after house in the colonnade caught fire and were burned from roof to basement. Those buildings facing the Haymarket and fall in all also suffered most severely, the houses on the Haymarket side being almost completely destroyed. The fire was first observed at about a quarter to eleven o'clock, and shortly after the first alarm all the neighbourhood knew it far and near, for the theatre was one gigantic mass of flame in a few minutes. Anything like attempts to save property. that is to say, the properties in the theatre was out of the question, for the interior glowed like a furnace, and the Haines, darting through the slight roof, created a draught which instantly made all hope of saving either the building or anything in it totally impossible, The fire caused its own alarm, and large drafts of metropolitan police from Scotland-yard were instantly detached, under the command of Mr. Superintendent Walker and Mr. KetteL They, however, could do little more than keep the enormous crowds that at once Collected out of danger. Detachments of the Foot Guards, both from the Wellington barracks and the barracks at the back of the National Gallery, came up almost simultaneously with the police. At least half of the troops were in full marching uniform, the rest in undress flannel jackets, just as they had been turned out of bed. With the assistance of this force, the streets leading to the theatre were kept clear, and. the fire mainsail round Regent-street, Haymarket, and Pall-mall turned fully on. The supply of water seemed ample, and fire engine after fire-engine as they came rapidly up were, under the directions of Captain Shaw, at once got into the best positions for checking the spread of the flames for all hope of extinguishing them at their source was hopeless. he gave at this time was seen all over the metropolis, and tens of thousands (locked from all points towards the greatcoats of the disaster, while cabs, carriages, and even waggons blocked the thoroughfares which led to it. In a short time the steam fire- engines were in full work, and as fast as the new, it is to be hoped, obsolete hand-engines arrived, they, too, were set to work. The steam engines threw volumes of water, with tremendous force, and where their jets fell they seemed to explode in clouds of steam. Not so with the hand engines, which required some thirty soldiers to work them, and the feeble dribble from which was easily directed and governed by one man. The exertions of the linen were beyond all _ praise. They climbed along parapets and copings, affrighted which made) one cold to look at them, dragging with them great lengths of leather hose with which to play upon the flames at any point that seemed of consequence,, no matter what the risk to the men themselves. In. spite of Unmo and smoke, and a terrible storm of burning fragments, they kept their places on the roof, their comrades below turning now and then jets of water upon and around the men, to keep the spots cool on which they stood. The scene was one of terrible grandeur. The roof of the theatre fell amid a shower of sparks and burning fragments, leaving a gigantic mass of white finale in the centre, the very heat of which alone was charging up and burning building after building around it. All the steam fire-engines were at full work, and the monotonous thud, thud of those worked by hand were the only sounds which broke upon the hoarse roaring of the crowd and the heavy flap of the great sheets of flame which seemed to jeopardise the existence of every building near the place. Over the front of the clubs in I'nlbnuiU the burn- ing fragments fell thick as hail ; indeed, it was impossible at times to pass along this thoroughfare withoutdnngerof being severely burnt. The chiefs of the police and the fire- men working among these the shouts and cries of the men on the roof of the building itself and colonnade giving directions, amid the glaring uproar beneath, where to place the engines; the efforts of the soldiers to keep the great moving mass of people back, all made up a scene as exciting and as grand in its terrors as the great fire some years ago at Cotton's Wharf. The theatre was the main source of the whole fire. As is always the case with theatres, it burnt like a tar barrel, but, as usual, left a mass of flame and heat which worked quickly and surely through into the surrounding buildings. House after house around it was gutted, in spite of all the efforts of the firemen. The flames, however, were well within control, and the engines were principally used to keep the walls of the main building cool for in many places they were bulging ominously. Still, from this work they had every now and then to be diverted, as fresh flames appeared in the houses around. It has always been said that Her Majesty's Theatre was so provided with large water tanks on the roof, that anything like danger to the building from fire was impossible. What these tanks were doing it is impossible to say ; but one, at least, when the flames reached it burnt with a fierce flame like so much straw, That there could have been any water in it is impossible, Of the theatre itself one of the finest in the world nothing remains but the bare, roofless walls, and immense masses of charred materials in indescribable confusion, cover- ing the whole space on which the building stood. All the costly properties, all the wardrobes of the establishment have perished, as have also the instruments of the orchestra, the grand pianos, and a musical library of incalculable value, which had taken years to collect. Madame To tens alone has lost jewellery worth from £1,000 to £1,200, in addition to all her magnificent stage dresses. The grand organ, which cost nearly £800, and all the stage scenery and decorations, painted for the most part by Telbin, Grieve, and Calcott, have been destroyed and the whole fabric, with all its surroundings, is in ruins, By an odd circumstance, the only thing which has survived the general wreck is the dress in which the ghost in "Don Giovanni" was wont to be played. The actual and prospective loss to Mr. Mapleson, the lessee, is estimated at £12,000 and the disaster, as it affects him, is greatly aggravated by the fact of his not having been insured to the amount of a single shilling. He was about to effect an insurance, but it had not been completed, The large duty chargeable upon theatrical properties is understood to have previously deterred him. In the course of Saturday, December 7, Her Majesty, through theLordChamberlain, sent a message to him, expressive of her sympathy and regret and a telegram from Sandringham, in similar terms, accompanied by an expression of hope that no lives had been lost on the occasion, was received from His Royal Highness the Prince of Wales. The Earl of Dudley hold the lease of the Theatre, about twenty-six years of which are still to run, and it was sublet to Mr. Maple- ton for twenty-one years, seven of which are expired, at a rent of £8,000 a year, payable in advance. It was built in 1700 on the site of the previous house, erected under the direction of Sir John Ynn brought in 1705, which was destroyed by fire on the night of June 17, 1781), The first stone was laid by the then Earl of Buckinghamshire, and the housewives opened on March 26, 1701, but for music road dancing only a licence for theatrical performances having been refused by the authorities of that time. On the destruction of the Pantheon, however, by fire in the following year its licence was transferred to the opera in the Hay market. The architect was Michael Novo silks, and it was originally called the King's Theatre, hut upon the accession of Queen Victoria it assumed the name by which it has ever since been known. It was the largest in England, except the new Italian Opera, its internal dimensions being said to be within a few feet of those of La Scala, Milan. From the curtain to the back of the boxes it was upwards of 100ft. long and 60ft. high ; the width at-the curtain was 40ft., and that of the pit 65ft. The stage measured 60ft. from the orchestra to the back wall, and 80ft. between the side walls. The building was of brick, covered with Roman cement, the entablature being of Bath stone, and the surrounding columns of cast-iron coloured to represent stone, and 17ft. in height. The east, or principle, front was 280ft. in length, and 33ft. high. In 1790 the interior of the building was partly remodelled by Marian, sotmn- pninter at Drury-lane 