MR. DANGAR\S COMMISSION OF THE PEACE. The last Act of the Martin Ministry before re sinning office, appears to have been the removal of° a magistrate from the Commission of the Peace. On Tuesday evening, the 20th October, Mr. Martin informed the Assembly that he had that morning tendered to his Excellency the Governor the resignation by himself and his colleagues of the offices they had held as Minis ters of the Crown, and that he had since learned that his Excellency had sent for thehon. member for the Clarence, (Mr. ' Robertson) and commis that they (the Martin Ministry) now only held office until their successors were appointed. The following notification from the Colonial Secretary's office, dated on the same day, (20th October, 1868) was sent to Thomas Danger, Esq., J. P.. North Shore. . ' Sib. — 1 am directed by the Colonial Secre tary to inform you, that with the advice of the Executive' Council a writ superseding you as a magistrate has been issued, and forwarded to the Prothonotary of the Supreme Court. 'I have the honor to be, Sir, &., 'Henry Hallokan.' The date of this document, as the reader will have observed, corresponds with that of the day on which the Martin Government sent in their resignation. Mr. Dangar's removal from the Bench, however, seems to have been sanctioned by the Executive Council on the day before, at the last meeting of the members of the late Administration in that ' capacity. It was re solved upon, therefore, when the Martin Minis try was .virtually defunct, and when a sense of propriety should have induced them to abstain from any extraordinary exercise of authoi-ity. There was nothing of an urgent character in the nature and circumstances of the case, —nothing which called for immediate action on their part, or which; would plainly justify it if taken in the last moment of their official existence. Mr. Dangar was chargeable with no offence or defi ciency as -a Justine of the Peace, that he was not equally . chargeable with months, or even years before. And felie allegations made against him in that character — as made known to him after his dismissal — were alike flimay and questionable. The reasons as signed for tho supersedeas by the Colonial Secretary (Mr. Docker)' indeed, have a dubious, sneaking appearance about them which forms a remarkable contrast with the promptitude and hurry of the proceeding. Regarded in this light, the case presents an aspect which is omi nous of .evil in relation to the best interests of the community. A Government which has lost the character of responsibility to the public, ap pends to its last will and testament, ao to speak, a mandate for inflicting degradation on a magis trate who happens to be obnoxious on political and personal grounds to some of its members. We do riot assert that such were the grounds on which Mr. Dangar was removed from the Bench, but we affirm that such grounds existed in relation, to Mr. Dangar, whether the Mar tin Ministry acted upon them or not, and that it is not possible to adduce other reasons which sufficiently account for their having taken' so unusual a step at the moment of retiring from offne. We happen to know that the Colonial, Secretary, Mr. Docker, has beerua personal r and ?'political antagonist — not to say enemy —of Mr. iDangar for the last twenty years, or mo're.1 And everybody knows, also, that Mr. Martin may be supposed to en tertain towards him a strong political grudge, both on account of Mr. Dangar's own conduct in ?«l»m«at Borne years ago, and on aceount of the more recent conduct of his son, the present member for the Gwydir. Now, these are circum stances that give an ugly aspect to the proceed ing, considered as the last political act of an ex piring Administration. There are circumstances which whether they entered into that proceeding as influencing causes, or were only accidental accompaniments thereof, do none the less con- [ stitute it a mischievous precedent. ? j Leb us consider it as a precedent for future Administrations on their last legs, and ask our- j selves to what course of action it would lead. \ The Martin Ministry, for reasons of its own, — } or for reasons which were so far their own as J that they were not likaly to have the same weight with the succeeding Government, deter mine to remove the name of a gentleman who is personally and politically obnoxious to them from the Commission of the Peace, and this they do as the last act of their Government before tendering their resignation to his Ex cellency. The magisti'ate in question was in formed of this determination, for the first time, by a letter from the Colonial Secretary's office, dated the same day as that on the morning of which their resignation of the Government had been tendered and accepted. The gentleman thus summarily dismissed from the Bench, not having had any previous intimation that charges had been made or entertained against him, requested to be informed 'on what grounds the Executive Council had thought fit' to cancel his commission.' This request to the Colonial Secretary was. conveyed in a communication dated the 22nd October, and the letter from the Colonial Secretary in answer to it, purporting to contain the reasons demanded, was dated the 23rd October, the whole conespondence on the subject — be it remarked — having taken place after the Martin Government, inclusive of the 'Colonial Secretary' aforesaid, had resigned, and ' only held office until their successors wore appointed.' All these details serve to mark the character of the proceeding, and tend to show that, if adopted as a precedent by a future Ad ministration in like circumstances, it would lead to very undesirable consequences. In that case we should have Ministers of the Crown, in the last stage of their existence as such, and when no longer liable to being called to account for their conduct, executing those very acts of power in respect to the justice and expeditney of which they ought to be in a special manner amenable to Parliament. Having the sentence of expulsion from office hanging over their heads, — having already incurred the full penalty of their ministerial transgressions, and thus shaken off all further responsibility to punishment or censure, future Ministers of the Crown, were they to follow the precedent thus set by the Martin Government, would resort in this predica ment to a course of procedure which in a less des perate situation they would not venture to adopt. Were they to follow that precedent, each outgoing Minister of the Crown might strike off from the list of magistrates the name of some Justice of the Peace, against whom he had long harboured a feeling of malice, and whom, ever since he came into office and had the power to degrade him, he designed to degrade, though he had deferred the execution of his purpose until it could be done with political impunity. For there is no reason why this Satanic prerogative, if the exercise of it during the last stage of ministerial existence were to pass into a precedent, should be confined to the- Colonial Secretary. Every other member of the Government about to give up the ghost, could lay claim to it as justly as he. It would be a dying kick that each would have at least an equxl right to make. Nor would it be any de parture from the principle which the precedent involves, but rather an exemplification of it, on a larger scale, for each of such ministers to ex punge from the Commission of the Peace, not the name of one magistrate only, but the names of all those magistrates who may have fallen under his displeasure. To carry out the prece dent, it would be necessary that, in every in stance he should sssign reasons apart from personal animosity or political prejudice, but that the latter motives should be inferrable from i circumstances connected with the cape, and that the reasons openly assigned should be such as would be likely by the succeeding Administra tion to be deemed fallacious or insufficient. This is the pernicious precedent which the late Government have endeavoured to set by the removal of Mr. Thomas Dangar from the Com mission of the Peace at a period of their minis terial existence when they were no longer ! amenable to parliamentary censure nor dependant on public opinion. They did what they would not have ventured to do while subject to these restraining influences ; and they manifestly made i baste to do it before they quitted office, because I they felt assured that the adequacy of the grounds on which they proposed to proceed against Mr. Dangar would not be recognised by the Ministry which was about to succeed them, and that if they did not remove that gentleman from the Bench on those grounds, he would not be removed at all. Regarding this act of the late Administration, therefore, merely in the light of an objectionable precedent, we base our condemnation of it upon two salient circumstances immediately connected with the act itself : — firstly, it was decided upon when that Administration had practically ceased to occupy the position of a responsible Govern ment, and secondly, the grounds upon which the decision was arrived at were not such as to require prompt action on the part of an Admin istration so situated, or to justify them in resort ing to severity. There are many points of view in which this last act of the Martin Government may be considered with a view to political in struction and warning, but in whatever light it may be looked upon — as we shall endeavour to show- -it will appear mean, cruel and oppressive. —Kiamtd Pilot, October 31st. .Enjoy your own life without comparing it with that of another. ' Whistling taught in six easy leBBons,' jb adrertiaod in Ooaoectacttfe 