BOUGH NOTES OF THE WEEK. By Candid. fPromMonday's Register.] It is becoming an important question as to what ffi« Royal Highness the Duke of Edin burgh. will do with the literary treasures which have been poured in upon him during his. Australian tour. The general belief is that when he returns to England he will make a gift to some public institution of all the books, pamphlets, and. other publications which have been presented to him, and that these will for ever afterwards be kept together in a sort of Chamber of Horrors, where the English student, without exposing himself to undue risk, may have an opportunity of studying the literary curiosities of this young country. At present the public are ac quainted with the fact that the writers of this colony have presented His Royal Highness with copies of " Chowla," " The Red Kangaroo," "The Last Man of Thebarton," and " The Essays on Drainage." But it will probably be news to most persons when I inform them that the following works have also been presented:— The Royal Visit to South Australia, by J. D. Woods, Esq.; bound in invisible green. Kingston's Meteorological Returns from the District of Stanley—the third edition just about to be completed. Our Vineyards and Orchards, by E. Ward; together with Rust in Wheat and other serials. One copy of the " Comet" bound up with the " Bella GaUvcoor the Invasion of Gall. Mackinlay's Tracks across the Interior, by J. Davis, Rundie-street; together with " Essay on raising Green Crops in warm climates." (Very scarce.) A Daniels come to judgment—dedicated to the public and the auctioneers of South Australia. Then, in addition to the foregoing works, there are the following new pieces of music:— " The Hart that can Feel for Another," addressed to the electors of light. "A Maughan's a Maughan for a' that," together with the "Low-backed Carr." "Where the Bee Sucks there Suck I," as sung on the Port-road. A new version of "All that's Bright must fade," by W. Barnet (Gawler). "Blow, Blow, thou Winter Wind," ad dressed by Town Clerk to the Councillor for Robe Ward on proposed reduction of salary. Accompanying these there iB also anew song by the Secretary to the Commissioner of Crown Lands, commencing— " The minstrel boy to the war is gone. At the head of the poll you'll find him; Bis own canoe he's paddling on, And Cavenagh's far behind him." "With all these valuable -works, then, as well as with many others, His Royal High ness has been duly presented, and it is understood that when he has carried out his determination of making a library of them, Mr. T. P. Hill will be appointed perpetual oratorical reader, with no other duty than to elucidate and expound their contents to the enlightened British public. That His Royal Highness himself suffered slightly from ophthalmia before he left Victoria was caused, I need hardly say, by his endeavours to peruse the whole of the works presented to him. Indeed, this labour must have become so arduous that if the dedicators themselves had come within hearing of the Prince they might possibly have met with some such compliment as that which the Cardinal d'Este paid to Ariosto on receiving from him a copy of " Bombastes Furioso"—" Why, where in the name of the devil have you found all this nonsense?" Turning now to more local matters, I have to complain of the Adelaide Corporation that they are becoming as circumlocutory as the Parliament itself. Eirst a subject is dis cussed by the Council, then it is referred to a Committee; next the Committee refers it back to the general body of members, and then these get rid of it by handing it over to a "Committee of the whole Council," where it is discussed and disposed of with closed doors. Mr. Chambers's sanitary scheme, for instance, seems to have been sent upon a voyage of this kind, yet it is a matter which vitally affects the health of the community. As a proof, indeed, of the inte rest which the citizens take in the question, there is the following splendid outburst (new edition) by the Rimdle-street poet:— Enow ye the laud where the fattest of turtle Would melt to a frog in the heat of the clime, Where the mud of the street ana the dust of the dirt-hole How crumble to powder, now moisten to slime? Enow ye the land of the fig-tree and vine, Where the grapes are delicious till made into wine, Where the light coats of zephyr, with plenty of room, Are better than tweed from the Manchester loom; Where the ants in the summer eat all the best fruit And the charmingmosquitoes' hum never is mute; Where the dust of the earth and the heat of the sky Bring pain to the temples and tears to the eye, And the people's red noses are deepest in dye; Where the virgins are soft, if they ever recline In summer's hot beams when at midday they shine? 'Tis the clipie of the South—'tis the land of the Sun— Can he smile on these gutters that nauseously run? Oh! wild as the accents of lovers' farewell, - Are the citizens calling for Chambers's belL The announcement of a " corresponding clerk" wanted, carefully withheld from the public ken by the Government in their weekly periodical the Gazette, induces one to ! ask why they don't introduce a correspond ing system with the one which has been established in Victoria—that is, the system of filling up all vacancies by competition? This would relieve the heads of the depart ments of all charges of favouritism, and would also relieve the heads of the junior clerks of much of the nonsense which they are now apt to be filled with on account of their extremely select notions about the public service and the proper mode of filling up the vacancies. As to the subjects in which a "corresponding clerk" should be chiefly examined, I suppose they would be the Belle-Letlres, the "Pen and Ink Sketches" of Michael Angelo Titmarsh, and the "Happy Dispatch"-—a Japanese work of remarkable power and effectiveness. There is this, too, to be said in favour of competitive examinations—they would be open to all comers without restriction or jealousy. Mr. Mais could no longer be blamed justly or unjustly, and draftsmen like Sherwin would have to " draw it a little milder" in the ornamentation line. This dis banded officer, it will be remembered, was referred to last week as being in the Engineer's office; but that department was separated a little while ago from the Architect's, so that Sherwin was not under Mr. Mais for a con siderable time before his dismissal. In electioneering matters there is a very striking phenomenon. Going from Dan to Beersheba—from East Torrens to the extreme ends of the colony, in fact—there is to be seen a new development of the genus poli tician. This is " the coming man, I suppose, and a mysterious customer he is. He announces himself as a "qualified free trader," but is in favour of passing laws to "encourage native industries." In nearly every district there is at least one such can didate as this; and as far as I can make those .gentlemen out they are ambitious of being what Byron calls [ "The members for the other interest—meaning The Eame self-interest with a different leaning." j In reference to theatrical matters, " I had. i a dream which was not all a dream." The Town Hall appeared to me in a vision. Up stairs many people were seated waiting to see Mr. Coppin's tragedian, but through some mysterious agency the harder they looked at the stage the more determined were the other portious of the building to rise and obstruct the sight. At one moment Anderson was addressing the "grave and reverend signiors" in the character of Othello, when instead of the signiors there we saw seated before us the Mayor and Common Councillors, who had been sent up through a trap door from their room of state below— His Worship looking remarkably well as the Doge of Venice. Then there was Hamlet listening to the players in the royal court of Denmark. But the Court in this case was the Insolvency Court, with Downer for the King, whilst a defaulting creditor afterwards revisited the glimpses of the moon as the ghost of Hamlet's father. What was still worse, however, was the appearance of Mr. Holloway in one of his favourite nautical dramas, when, in order to give effect to the scenery, the whole of the City Waterworks Establishment, whose offices are in that part of the building immediately underneath the stage, rose in tremendous uproar, and turned on real water for Mr. Holloway's ships to float in. Nothing, indeed, was ever seen on the stage more fine -than the turning on of the great main, accompanied by . the song and chorus— 'The main! the main! the flowing main. Where proudly rides Britannia's fleet." Of course all this was "nothing but a dream," as Eugene Aram says. But still it was as good as a play, and what is more, there was one part which I wish was real. I mean the scene in "Othello" where the noble Moor rushes in and exclaims, " Silence that dreadful bell!" Yes, I should be glad if he would dp this every night, and still more glad if Mr. Coppin would take the hint, and put a stop to the clappers by which he now calls the theatrical public to their evening devotions. It is not, however, that the sense of religious propriety is outraged by the tintinabulation, but that the sense of hearing iB needlessly put to the torture by this constant "ringing in the head." Concerning the Northern Territory, I think Captain Cadeli ought to be tried before a court-martial for having dared to return without being able to announce that he had found 300,000 acres of land all surveyed and ready for immediate occupation, with streets and roads laid out at right angles, together with a plantation of tropical produce in the very centre of the territory. His culpable remissness on this point, however, will be no excuse for further delay on the part ©f the Government. Let them send the Surveyor General out immediately, and not attempt to shirk the agreement with land purchasers by offering to pay back the money, for there are some of them who won't take their money. They bought land, and they mean to have land. " It is so nominated in the bond," and the Government will have some difficulty to get out of their contract, no matter whether they colne, as Hamlet says, '' with Ay era from Heaven, or blasts from" that other region which South Australian ministers have done as much as anybody to supply with paving-stones. -As the weather is extremely hot, idlers- about town and other slow people are not " expected" to laugh too much at any of the foregoing "goaks," lest the exertion should be too much for them. At the same time, however, the Latin proverb still holds good— -Arena ntmi8 tntensua rumpitur• 