COBOmsiVS INQUESTS. ¡. ? 'AB inquest; was held yostorday morningnt Darling- hurst gaol, on Trew of the body ofJohn Olarko, then «rid thcro lying -dead.'- Frcderlok-Robinson Bernard stated: I am chief warder of .(Darlinghurst gaol; do ?coeesd was received-into gaol on tho 50th April, ta undergo ono month'*'imprisonment, with hard Jabour, os an idle and disorderly person ; he'diod on tho morn -ina- of tho.Slatj-- whon; he was received into-tho gaol I ho waa unablo to walk, arid had' td bo lifted from the -von and carried to'tho hospital, where ho' remained until ho died ; bo was a seaman, between twonty-flvo and thirty years of age. Dr.' Aaron, visiting medical ofllcor to-li. M. gaol, having testified that de-eased died from, ?disease of tho internal organs, principally tho liver, .tho jury gave a .vehh'ct in accordaitoo>therowith. -A fécond inquest-was held at the-eanio place yester- day afternoon, on itiio body of "William G->rcoror4 ly jrp dead in tho gool hospital. >Bytho evidence-al1 .tho -chiof warder it appeared that <dec;aecd was under- going a sontanca, resulting from! « tiial before the Chief Justice, at tho Ooulburn Circuit Court, on tbs 27th April, 1805.; he had boen -convicted of robbory .with arms and wounding, and eentatv cd to death, . which sentence was -sui ecquently commuted to im- prisonment for lifo.t tho first throe years in irons; io .bad beon transferred, from Goulburn gaol to Darling* hurst gaol, where ,be<was rocoived on the 8th June, 18GC; ho had been ill «orno time, hut <ilnlshod his sen .lonee at half-past 2 o'clook yostorday morniägV the leg -irons wera takes -off him on tho 27th April last; ho was a oaativo of .Parramatta in ?this colony, aged .about 28 year«; his (Conduct in gaol had been v*ry good. »The evidonoe of-tho gaol medical oOloerBhowtd that deceased had been, admitted to: the hospital; on thc £7th May, Butlering from bilious ; . favor; his lungs became aiT oted, and ho died from th» .{.ivar. Tho jury carena verdict in accordance there-' with. A.' tb i td inquoat waa ¿old yesterday afternoon at th housn,.of Afr. William Woodberry, Storth Conntr Lad, Cambridge-street, ~,upon'the body of James Holl» thoro lying doad. Mr. Woodberry etntod ho knov deccasod,.wh« was teisjnd mato of tho .barque Melroso ha.waa.a man of sober habits, and had.boen atayinj with hint un and off for dourtoon months; ho was a ibo North/Ojuntry Lad-on Sunday, aud left tba house 'with three mon intondingito go on board «tho Molrosi an my. boat about half-past Ü o'clock ; ho returned i Jitilo of tor fi o'clock and came into the house laughlni and joking, and saying, they had a capsizq utùoy won rowing not tailing ; deceased said ho did nedi know .how the boat capsized ; he said (hat. they woro sitting oa tho bjat, ,wbon all of amddon she. wont over; the boat is aightcou foot keel, and quite onpablo of carrying four men ; he (witness) had «arrlod twclvo mon in hor ; deceased said'ho had been about a quarter of an hour in the water.; .hocould.awiin ; ho.siid they woro lo cnod by a boat from tho Melroeo and tho mnn-of-war boat ; they woro taken out of-tho water, and landed »t tho point; Thompson and Andrews aro seafaring n.on; Jtju.ii is engaged in u water boat; thcoo are thu ir.on that woro with decvacod ; they know how o ixanngo a boat; .when deceased carno in ho changed his under shirt, and went to bod ; I gavo him a glass of hot brandy and water ¡ nt half-pa>-t 0 o'clock 1 went to him to*ask him how ho was ; ho repllod-" J'il bo all right in tho monimg ho ileelin«l having tonio bot tea ; ho hnJ nothing to eat ; ho baa B.tiered from a sore on tho right leg ever sinco I first know him ; otherwiso ho «ns a hearty, halo young mun ; I »nw him ngnln between 8 and 0 o'clock j ha was walking on tho balcony with a blnnkot round him j I waa sitting In tho parlour with my wifo and eoino g«ntloincn. I inquired who it wan on tho balcony ; decoaoed said, "It is mo ; I'm going to tho closet¡" I ÔMV him again botwoen 0 and lOo'clwch ; bo waa thon pinjin g along tho verandah; I OBked him who was them Vho said, ''Hamid," and repented altor, " HamlotV. ghost;" about llvo minutes lifter a tuan carno and said, " Tho second mute is very ill in tho water .olesut;" I took a light and went to him, and saw a marked chungo in his Colour ; ho .wassltting on tho neat with no clothes on; a blanket was rolled round him ; I rent for Dr. Shaw, procured assistance, and assisted him up ti nm tho cloBOti ho said, «'Inm dying ;" he nnvernpolic after, and died in twonty .minutas.-Jacob Thniiipfon, n tailor belonging to tho St. Magnus, depo cd to having gone in Air. Woodberry's boat with deceased uni two others OH board tho Melrose; went on hoaul that ship, und ehort'y aft. r loft her in tho faino boat to go to J'inel - gut; when about halfway botweoit tho MOIIOHO und Pinchgut tho boat capsized ; witntsn could nut account lor her cajmizmg ; all in her were sober; deeensed ohing to tim bent which turned over sovoral times, and finally remali:oJ keel up; assist .»"0 eaino fruin thu Melroeo and from ll.M.y. Charybdis, and they wero nil taken by tho latter bunt ; they woio cloie to tho (jbnrrbdio when tho accident happened ; I ' nd woro about ten minutos in tito wa'or ¡ deceased did not complain of any injury, nor wa« bo frightened or nervous. Dr. Shaw, M.O., Flated ho hail rando a post mortem examination of tho bsdy ot dooeaBcd, anil tho rosu t wis that ho found death had boon caused by syncope, from disoaso of tho hoart ; the shock of falling into tho wntor would bo vory likoly to act fatally on a heart weakened by diBoaso os waa that ho hud examinad. Tho jury found that Jamos Hollis difd from disoaae of tho hoart, accelerated by suddon shook to norvous Bjstom, caused ' by falling into tho wntor. , 