MR. WALTER MONTGOMERY'S RECITATIONS. The morning recitations of Mr. Walter Mont gomery on Wednesday were listened to by a very large audience, - including a considerable"' proportion of youijg folk. There were nearly 1-50 scholars of St. Peter's College present, and Mr. Montgomery acknowledged his gratitude., to Mr. Fan-, the Head Master, for having per mitted so many of his boys to attend. In addition to the young folk, there was a large number of ladies and gentlemen. The reserved seats were nea-ly all occupied, and the second and third class seats were well tilled. The programme included three, beauties from "Hamlet" and "King John;" "Procrastina tion," from "Young's Night Thoughts," so full of sage wisdom, of friendly warning, of solemn adjuration; "The Bells;" "The Jackdaw of Rheims," the humorous story "done into verse" byIngoldsby,of the thievish bird which stole the Cardinal's ring, but became penitent in conse quence of the withering curse passed upon him; Horace Smith's interesting , and thoughtful "Adressto the Mummy in Belzoni's Exhibi tion ;" and the Laureate's splendid poem, "The Cavalry Charge at Balaklava." There was variety and excellence enough in the above, but Mr. Montgomery—to mark his approval of the admirable way in which the boys behaved— volunteered two of Hood's humorous produc tions, "Ben Battle" and "Mary's Ghost," which sparkle with puns, the force and point of .which were admirably brought out by Mr. Montgomery. It is needless to observe that this voluntary addition by Mr. Montgomery to his sufficiently- difficult, task gave very great satisfaction, and elicited hearty applause. In the evening the room was packed, and the audience was an enthusiastic one. Taking everything into account, perhaps the programme was the best which Mr. Montgomery has yet presented in Adelaide. It contained three of the finest passages from Shakspeare, each of which was given with consummate skill. In two of them,, the " Balcony Scene," from "Borneo and Juliet," and the " Closet Scene," from "Hamlet," Mr. Montgomery had to assume female characters, and he good naturedly asked for the forbearance, of the audience if he should .not succeed to his and -their satisfaction, '.laughingly re marking that the newspaper critics said he had failed in his representation of Lady Macbeth. We are happy to say that there was no failure, nor anything approaching to it, in his fascinating •reading of the merry, light-hearted Juliet, or in. his terribly earnest representation of the conscience-stricken Queen of Denmark, who literally cowered before the home-thrusts of. her unhappy son. This was art in its highest form. . Both in Borneo and Hamlet too he was magnificent. Nor was he less effective in the well-known scene from "Julius Caesar," which contains the addresses of Brutus and Mark Antony- This was a marvellous effort for one performer1, and of itself was enough to place Mr. Montgomery in the highest rank of tragic actors. ' The miscellaneous part of the entertainment commenced with "The Bells," which tinkled as merrily, rang out as joyously, clashed as hor ribly, and tolled as mournfully as ever. Hood's " To my Son" was exquisitely comicaL '.'Home at Last," by Hood the younger, a sweet little incident, simply told and pathetically de livered, followed. A sensational story of the most florid character, called " My Uncfe," gave people cold shivers.; and .'then came ''The Christening " which from beginning to end kept the audience in roars of laughter. The whole entertainment wa3 a marked success—we be lieve the greatest success which Mr. Mont gomery has obtained during his recitals ; at, White's Booms. * ~ 