THE MIDLAND BEAGLES AT SPRING BAY. An occurrence of quite an unusual character took place in this locality some few days back. Such a thing as a sight of hounds during the present season had been a matter completely out of the question, but luckily for me, however, the present master, knowing that, as all people are mad, my madness was shown in a mania for hunting and such miscalled barbarous sports, he took compassion on my forlorn state, and, just in time to prevent the necessity of my taking up my residence at New Norfolk, dropped a line to say that on Tuesday, the 4th August, he would put in an appearance with three couple of his little spotted darlings." And well he kept his word, as about five o'clock in the afternoon Of tUU above mentioned day tUo-inhcVjl tants of Sleepy Hollow were surprised to hear the sound of a horn, which heralded the approach of the redoubtable six and their master, who was riding the young, but now celebrated hunter The Rake. The time of meet was fixed for mid-day on Thursday last, when, as the time drew near, a few of the neighboring youngsters began to show. As soon as it was supposed that all who intended having a few hours' sport were present move was made towards Mount Murray, where a fine kangaroo was soon started, all of the small pack getting well away together in pursuit. He ran for about two miles making a complete circle, and just as he was entering the scrub, where he had previously found his home, up jumped another in view of the pack, two of which broke away after him in full cry, taking a direct line towards the top of the mount. Now began my troubles, as the duties of whip devolved upon me, there was nothing for it but to try and get to the head of the delinquents as soon as possible, which, as the ground was very rocky and steep, was no easy task. This little feat accomplished to ray disgust, not a sound was to be heard, and there was your humble servant like a solitary shag on a rock, or the boy on the burning ship, not a creature near but the two hounds, which had been the cause of the disaster. Unlike Mr. Micawber I made tracks as fast as possible, in what appeared to me the most likely direction, and the top of a rise was gained, where having halted just long enough to put myself outside an inch of square gin, to my great delight I could hear the voice of the master at a distance of about only half a mile, where the hounds had come to a check, in a very minute more I was again in the bosom of the family, and before very long away we all went at a rattling pace after a fresh kangaroo which started right from under the noses of the hounds. From this time till near sun down there was not a shock, fresh kangaroo continually getting up, but at last one was run down and yielded up the ghost. Through the abundance of game the run must at the very lowest computation have extended over thirty miles. I have said nothing about the fencing, as there was nothing worth mentioning except on the return home, when a couple of good sized fences were successfully negotiated by The Rake and Harkaway. So ended the first hunt ever held at Spring Bay, and in all probability the last, for some time to come at all events. Before winding up I ought to say that although Mr. Blackwell has not taken the field this year as master, I was much pleased to see the careful and painstaking way in which the now master hunts the pack, which was certainly never in finer condition. HARKAWAY. 