VICTORIA RACING CLUB. .lytiMifeMilWIjteEiMTl . Stewards-Measrs. ft.Ooldsbrough, H. C, Jeffrey Walter Craig, Major Baker, 'Captain Stan dish. Judge-Mr. R. Tattersnll. Starter -Mr. G. Watson. Cierk of the Courae-Mr. Geo. Savory. The Melbontrtc Cup has now become a great institution, a&d; since,, itQ/,^ugdi*tt6& in the year 1861 has gradually increased in importance and interest, hot only to the owners of horses, but to the public fid general The fact that so. many; of, the neighbouring colonies send their representatives to take part in Abe struggle, makes the Cup the race, par excellence, of the Soatbem Hemisphere, as a feeling of friendly and honest rivalry has; grown up betwefin the sportsmen of Nejv South Wales, South Australia, Queensland, and Tasmania, many of whom fraternise at Melbourne during the racing carnival in the spring., The central position of Victoria, its great wealth, its beautiful course on the banks of the Saltwater River, hare attrac tions that the other colonies do not possess; and the yearly gatherings which take place at the race meetings far surpass those on any other course for numbers and for the phalanx of beauty and fashion which adorns its grand stand. The comparison of racing between the good old times of Petrel, Bessy Bedlam, and other horses that were little inferior in breed ing and speed, and quite equal, if not sup&ior;, in endurance to the equine race of the present day, showB what changes have taken place in the art of training, and the number of good animals that are brought to the post In those days the Austins, Simeons, Purvis's, Pykes, &c.;, were the dons of the turf, and a five or a ten ponnd note would be the utmost betted amongst themselves as to the relative merits of their horses. The man of the ring was unknown, and handicaps or odds were little understood. At the present time the public takes as much interest in racing as the owners themselves, and thousands are bet on results. The ring counts many members, its ramifications extending to the principal racecourses throughout the land. The trials of endurance in a three-mile heat, or a four mile Town Plate at weight for age, is now looked upon as a relic of the-dark ages (except by the Wagga Wagga, sportsmen, who have lately instituted aten- paiile welter, race),and short handicaps arenow tbe orderoftheday. Speed and not stamina, speculation and much excitement, seem to please the public most, whether for better or worse ttere can be but one opinion.' The ntimbfirbf horses in training this season exceeds that of any former year by at least twenty per cent., and the entry for the Cup was larger than ever. Sixty-eight horses Were nominated, fifty-six accepted, thirty-eight made their final pay ments, and twenty-five came to the post. In 1861 seventeen started. The race was won by Archer, 5 yre, 9st 71b., In 3min. 52sec. In 1862 Archer wonagain, carrying lOet. 21b.,in a field of twenty, in 3min. 47sec. In 1863 only seven showed at the post, and Banker, 3 yra, Gst 41b., was the winner in 3min. 44sec Nineteen started in 1864, and again a threel year-old in Zaantiern, 6st. lib., turned up the winner in 3min. 52sec. 1865, Tory boy astonished the natives by beating a field of twenty-three in 3min. 44sec. Then The. Bfcrb did the trick in 1866, twenty-eight starters, carrying 6st. 111b., in 3min. 43sec., and the time was capped last year by Tim Wfciffler, 5 yrs, 8st. 111b., beating twenty- six others in 3min. 39sec. Amongst the nomina tions this year there were no less than seven* teen from New South Wales and Queens land,, five from Tasmania, and five from Adelaide, including all the cracks of the day. The Barb. Tim Wfiiffler, Bjiong, Fireworks, Glftncoe, - Bulgimbar, and North Australian were a perfect tenor to Victorian owners of nags, whose chances seemed to be completely extinguished by such great performers, until the handicap made its appearance with such steadieb on the heavy brigade that a great opportunity was afforded the inferior division, who, in many instances, were very lightly handled. Matters brightened up considerably when the weights had been digested, and nearly all the horses entered were at once put . into work.. Throughout the spring the' weatherhas been delightful for framing pur poses; horses havenad no riqciigioh to be coMned 9. single day, tod the only complaint has been that lately the ground has got rather hard going, and those that have been troubled with "poor feet" have suffered in conse quence. Notwithstanding the heavy impost on The Barb, with his 31b. penalty for winhing the great Metr^litan Stake8 pt{ ldwick, ana frpiott the forward position of: ivpu., honours io Jthat time, hdd first jporfttpqi in, the. betting, and it was then understood that Tim - tons ops were olfered against tha field; Mr. . Fianeite pair, little Jttband Ragpicker, being looked upon as th# bes t Bpoko in the1 wh&S; not the Victorians.- this] espiiaStedtegSfefe market When theiaskiprtWcute fcwre made, iorth AustraliMHOried ^a but it rdlknown nocked her out of the market iji S^ueypui»Mp<^a. e. gieateat. stffiaret*. tto tbel monc tunfor "l< * """ * ") if ri 'i'ji'-T X .1" ?14 1! rt «*i.rjsi'4 ,ts .1S about a fortnight ago, and few bat his owner imagined he had the ghost of a chance, and j whole; speculation has toot teen so Srisk as i we have Been it jbutthentherehas beenadcal | more of outside betting than formerly, and i if some ofthe bookmakers have not been : fortunate In laying round, it is because the ; public choosetheir men to do basiness with, \ as many of No ting have excelterifcbooks on j the Cup. As in our edition of Thnireday We : gave foil particulars of the doings of the !: horses and the state of the betting market up ; to Wednesday evening, we -will prooieedwith. ; our report of the racing. \ Thursday morning broke with a clear sky 1 ' widfcoutherly wind,land duringthe day the sun | shone forth with smiling rays, tempered 'by a j fine sea breeze-just one of thoBe Australian | Bpnng days made to order. The city was all ; wog early in the forenoon; and car after car ] loaded with those who preferred the road, to j n»a wended their way to the coarse along I Elizabeth-street. The million, however, patronised the iron horse, and crowds . thronged Spencer-street by eleven o'clock. [The arrangements of the traffic-superinten ' dent were quite equal to the occasion, as train after train was despatched as soon as they were filled, and the people were con veyed to and from the course comfortably and expeditiously. The road was dusty travel ling; nevertheless, many preferred the good : old style of thing, tod carriages, buggies, cabs, and 'buses were all brought into re quisition for the nonce. Thousands took shanks' pony for it, and by two o'clock Melbourne was shut up for the day, and by 1 that time there could have been no fewer than 20,000 people on the grounds. The beautiful women, draped in the height of j fashion, who graced the grand stand and I lawn with their presence; far surpassed \ anything of the kind ever seen before; not even the memorable Duke's day brought out such acloud of butterflies, both as to numbers and as to the richness and variegated hues of their toilettes. The Melbourne sportsmen , : ought to feel proud at the lady patronage which is bestowed upon them, as no other course out of England, and very | few there, can boast of such a dis play. His Excellency the Governor and suite drove up the course in a carriage and four just as the maiden horses were taking their preliminary, and were received at the entrance to the lawn by Major Baker and Captain Standish. There was no noisy demonstration, and eveiy respect was shown them as they took their places in the vice regal corner of the grand stand. The hill was one mass of human beines, equally as well dressed and orderly as those below; and they not only enjoyed a fine sight of the running, buthad an opportunity of whiling away the intervals at the wheels of fortune, doodle em-bucks, and other games of chance pro vided^ for Jtheir amusement, as well as for' relieving them of their spare cash. The lower grounds, for more than half a mile, were lined and trebly lined with cabs ana carriages, and rows of thickly-packed people ~ stood along the rails all the way up the straight. The greatest order prevailed throughout the day, and the police had little trouble in keeping the course dear. Mr. Hind was extremely punctual and careful at. his old post, tiie scales, and Mr. Savory per formed his duties of clerk of the course to the satisfaction of everybody, and we can; also compliment Mr. Watson on his usual success with the starting flag. The catering under the grand stand and in a large tent adjoining was remarkably good, but there was a sad shortcoming after two o'clock, and many people got disappointed of their; luncheon. Mr. Stafford, we imagine, was' taken aback at so great a demand on his: larder, and no doubt in future will be better provided. The late rains had made the ground In capital running order. Several mishaps took place in the Maiden Plate and Hnrdle Race, and one gentleman was driven . over by a carriage as they emerged from the - paddock going home, but nothing serious happened. Punctual to time the bell rang out for the jockeys to weigh for the Maiden Plate; and the black hoard showed that B. A., The Swell, and Monkey, were added to (he list of non starters for the Cup, and Ragpicker and Thetis for the Railway Stakes. Chieftain was the firet saddled, and mounted by Waldoek; his coat shone like satin, but he looked too cobby and lusty to be a winner. Sheet Anchor struck us as being lame; and Token was hot in condition for a favourite. There was nothing taking about Patience, of whom there has been so much talk.; she is a veiy plain filly, with shabby hind-quarters. Flying Dutchman has considerably thickened since last year; but'his forelegs showed unmistakable signs of a severe preparation, and he sweated profusely in his preliminary. Boatman,. a three-year-old Fisherman, had nothing to recommend him, being leggy and short in the neck. Morrison's ch E looked a? bipodlike as any ofthem, but in nocondition; and we did .not see the winner, Ptdmerston, or Sir Hercules untilthey returned to weigh. Dan Robison badMr- Chuke'shorseingreat condition, as he never turned a hair, nor after th^ race was ov&f; would he have blown a iahdlc out, but he looked more like a hunter than a racehorse. Koo-wee-rup was in great form, but, his owner met with sad disap- pointment when Davis was thrown at the start. *F boiled over, as he could only get j tadtettik right iSSlSSSr it irept past the stand, led by the twograMifc .I sldvwrf s«Nse4 dto'4fnAfe.-( r.\I , ,K! .. I .HIV-llctfOfM Cleeland'a pair were going to have all the fun to themselves; but Mr. Tait'B colours, which have already gained for themselves Iq/ipucli in ley? ;9fr jpigficoe, tfifl therace. Suatter-of wph -better ho^e t^,sttpstpe fae would; alia the gr^Cimfejlei^a ran a gr$at?»are,, considering > ho wmuch she mast have taken out of her«felf before starting, Mr .Fishet'spair never flowed proMnentJy lifter, the first mils, and Thp fto \ma (OutjMu^d frclm'the cor&mencement.; Boo left Mr!^^amb wlt^oafy oneString tah^ bow in Gedric, whowas nowhere, Bylong and Gulnaremade but a poor pet of it, .ind the least said about; Lantern and Hew Chum the better. The last howey^ that hoiiour being divvied between Mr. Miller's horse and- Booyoolee. Tim Whiffle# ran a good game, horse, as he is, and got; fourth with aUhlsti^hlMweight. Smo lensko was about two lengths in front of the ruck. There was great exdbemeat over the finish, and. thewmnerwae loudly cheered from all parte ofthe course. The time is not so fast bythree seconds us 4 b was last year^ which ma/be accounted forbv the heavy rains which fell onStwday and Mon day morning. This is jihe second Cup Mr. Tait has won, and itsay3 a deal for his horse Glencoe, that as a four-year-old he carried 9st. lib. and beatsuchafield of horses. The Hurdle Race followed, and all on the card but Charlie, went out to try their luck yoyec the sticks. We never saw old Yorksbijregiaqi looking better, nor Valentine either, andwo cannot .understand the ignomoniot^s position. West kept him in tihibughouttherooe. Clare ran very mm^Jbot se little short, and Kfilgrald nidfc - bolting place at the twb-mile winner turned up in another & Faugh-a-Ballagh, fot yhom could not get a purchaser last --nr. iuw toes was made ft greai faranrifo anirnlf>iniioK heran second, his chance was extingiiishedby being carried off the course withKaied. The last race, the Datling Stakes* WAS wgb by Blondin, his second success to-day. Sic Solomon was the only one that could hold a candle to him, and the pair ran clean away from the others from the jump, but in mite of his double victory no one ventured to ndi more than the upset price for him, ae ha returned to the place from whence he came. The victory of Glencoe in the Cup was a great blow to the ring, as he was one of the worst horses in the# race in their books. We believe Mr. Tait had not a shilling on him; nor are there any large winners, as the money won has been distributed over a great many through hedging and otherwise laying off, and nearly all has gone to Sydney. MAIDEN PLATE, a sweepstakes of 5 so vs., with 150 so vs. added. For 3yrsold, 7st.: 4 yrs, 9st.; 5yrs, 9sfc. 81b.: 6 yrs and aged, 9st. 101b. One mile and a half. Mr. W. J. Clarke's bl h Palmenton. by Premier, 4 yn, 9st (Jones) . j_ Mr. J. Bradley ns bl h Sir Hercules, 6 yn, tec. wn» (Chiiney).. .. .1 .. 2 Mr. G. Lewis's bl h Token, 4 yre, flst (Lang) .. 3 Mr. J. Morrison ns ch h , 4 yrs, -fet. (A. Davis) 0 Mr. 8. Waldock'a ob h Chieftain, 4 yre, art. (S. Watdock) . Mr. J. Kerr'a ch b Sheet Anchor, 4 yrs, 9Bt. (Mor rison) ^ Mr. H. M'lntosh's to m Patience, 4 yn,&t; Bib. (Boss) q Mr. R. Whitehead** b c Boatman, 3 yrs, 7st (earned 7st. 81b.) (Goodie) 0 Mr. J. Haimes's b c Flying Dutchman, 3 ytt, 7st b jg Koo-wee-rap,Syis,6^ ° 111b.(S. B*visJ..' ,r .. q Mr. O. Carmieliaei's roh"Cale Mr. L. L. 8mith^ b e No Surrender, S yrs, 7rt. ^ dr Mr. J. Wilson ns Jc«ka|, 3^s . ... dr Betting.-2 tolfcgtfTofcen, 3 to 1 agst Flying Dutchman, 6 to lagst Sir Hercules, 7 to 1 agst Palmerston. « At the fall of the fl^ ExMvee-inp's rider fell off, and Morrison's chesnut got off with the lead, followed by Token and Flying Dutchman. At the old stand the chesnut cried enough, and Token went on with the running to the two-mile post, when Palmer ston pushed to the .front, was never after wards headed, and came in an easy winner by a couple of lengths. At the distance fly ing Dutchman was in difficulties, and Sir Hercules came with a rush and/ secured second place; Token "was a goodthiixL Time, 2min. Slsec. . 7. KAILWAT Staked of 5 sovs. each, with 100 so vs. added. For 3_yrs old, 7st 31b.; 4 yrs, 9st; 5 yrs, ^t. 71b. ;/6 ,yxs and aged, 91b. "Winner of any race of the valne of 100 sovs. to camr 71d. extra; of two or mora such races, 141b. extra. Onemfleamd xt quarter. Mr. H. Fisher's bl h Blcmdln, 5 yjs. by Lord ol the Hills,9st, 71b. (korrison) Mr. J. Kerrt b yr Str Solomon, aged, 9st fflb. (Jones) Mt. L. L. Smith* b« Metaacboly Jaqnes, 8 vn, 7st X01b>tindu(JiiMr Jib. extra (AadMley) Mr. J. Haiipes'a o hBacb^or, 6 yn, Sst. 91b. (H. Cooke) .. 0 Mr. K. JeUrtt's ch g Sportsman, 6 yrs, 9st 61b. (J. Mitchell)'.. .. .. .. .. .. \\. 0 Mr. & Waldock's bl h lie Swell, 4yre, Sst (8. W#l dook) .. ' .. .. o Mr. <3\. Marabnl b g Sir Artbor, 4 yrs, 8afc 111b. f (Harrison) .. ... .. Mr. CL Lewjs'* b c Eujdiratea, S yn, 7st. Sib. (J. ^ones) .. ,.. i. Mr. J. Caeeland'e bi t Fifing Bcai, Syn, 6tL 121b. tCuroll).. .. .. .. .. Mr. W. Craig's KreSMeunio, 8yn, 7st. .. Mr. F. &w;^sbf Thetis, Syn,6tL 121b. .. Mn H. fTtiher's br f Ba^bxa*, 3yn,6st 121b. i netting.-5 to 2 agrt Btondin, 6to2 agst* The Swell, 3 to 1 agst Sir Solomon. .Previous to the atttrt Sir Solomon bolted \--1- the couree, bat was got back in time. 1 2 3 .. 0 <£ dr dr ,r*i. hung »t the Jlondinatonce i ! toseooni and wne hfttine, Couple ca length8; »r Mdwicb61yJa andgptoffbadly. front,followed . Atthe wek Sir ^qlomwi,went wwwaecwgbt, *besOT^E^| Melbodbne Cop, a wmwprtiVm of 20 sovs. ' each, with 300 wv&£dd9&;L ¥he winner of Affair WQ> 1 ffJrrrtiimiii'iB jai;t*tvak . " .9rJ fuJ-r im » » ; sol fllfia Wtoift li Imd n-«iw I mm -telb soitqa ttd'S «wr li lo till jiiijt eiKMtootf PJfW .kilii-i.vti : 1 »;iii nt> o^j <; fciisl hi>a*)hl " lM»i >fl /it ft*,1 RWii "sssswsssr* . Mr. J. Whitehead'* b m Mary Ann, aged, 6rt. Uw. Mr^S!^iMrtbi>^h<>8taSenikof aged, 6rt. 1Mb., itffliSflft i&jSSSmM;>&,.* o Mr?fi! Wiilod^a brmTJie Fly, 4 y»» (tat 1Mb. (Aa- ^ Mn^L^ingin'sb g UewChum, aged.«rt»fib. <T- ^ MrOrOuuidiaei'e bg Milesian, aged, 6at 71k (Tmnble) .. .. .. .* .* J..,, Mr. H. Fisher's br I lUgpicker, S yre, Ost. 41b., carried 6«t. 6!b. (S. DavU) .. w Mr. j. Lamb's eb g Oedric, aged, Ost. 31b., earned 6et.61b.(Henderson) .. .; Q Mr. J. J. Miller's b g Lantern, 6 yw, 6st, canton ^ M^*W^!ctaS«J?blbPalmewwm,4 JTS>8»t21b.dr. Mr. T. Jtyan'abm IUaalia,4yiB,7at, 51b. , , ..dr. Mr. H. W. JelleU'sbfi B. A., 4yrs,6et 121b. ..dr. Mr. S. Waldock'a W b The Swell,4 yis,6st 101b. .. dr. Mr. Meckan's b g Monkey, aged, Get. 7lb dr. Betting.-5 to 2 agst TimJITiiffler, 4 to 1 each agst Ragpicker and Little Fish, lOtol agst Glettcoe, 15tol agst Shenandoah, 20 to 1 each agst Strop, Lady Manners Sutton, and Bylong; 25 to 1 agst Gulnare. Shenandoah was very fractions at the post, and danced about for some time before the horses-got into position. At last the flag feu, and all got well oflf but Booyoolee, who reared, and'would not start. Mr. Cleeland's colours *ei« fte first to show, and Barwon and Shenandoah led the way past the grand titand, Little Fish third, and Maiy Anne fourth.-the others all well together. They ran thtiti along the river side, Mr. Cleeland's pair a couple of lengths in front. At the old stand, Mary Anne was third, but immediately after leU back beaten, fcnd Glencoe ran up third. Opposite'&e; abattoirs Barwon beat a retreat, which left Glencoe second, and Strop third; the field all well together, Mr. Fisher's pair heading the rack. Passing the two-mile-post, the yellow arid black was alongside of the silver and gold, with Strop close qp. The favourite's black colours now came out, and ran into fourth position. At the distance, Stanley had the race in hand, and Strop J'passed Shenandoah, but although TVateh tried hard on the Tasmanian, it was hot to be, and Sydney again landed the Cup, Glencoe winning easily by a length. Shenandoah was third, three lengths behind ; Tim "Whiffler, fourth; Smolensko, fifth; Sylvia, Little Fish, and Tasman headed the ruck: and The Fly, New Chum, and Lantern file three last. Time, 3min. 42sec. Value of stake, 1,260 sovs., half of which goes to the owner of Bylong, according to prior arrange ment. HUBDLE FACE, a handicap sweepstakes of 5 sovs. each, with 100 sovs. added. About \- three miles. Mr. B. Norfolk'* br g Faugh-a-Ballagh, by C06sack, aged, ®*t liib.(Dwm*) ... 1 Mr. J. K. Perkins ns '.ff Potatoes, aged, 9st 181b. (M*Min}my) .. 2 Mr. -S. DarU's ch m Lady Clare, aged, list (Mit chell) .. .. 0 Mr. O. Harbroe's br g Valentine, aged, KM. 81b. (West) " 0 Mr. S. 1. Millet s br b Bine Jacket, 5 yrs, 10st 41b. (Stone) ® Mr. J. wown'a gr g Yorkshirenian, aged, 10sL ab. llnT'^rbStetead'a ch g Broazeworit, aged, lOst. (AapinaH) .. ..0 Sir. IMff ns b g Playboy, aged, lOst. (CaUanan) 0 Mr, G. OUfke'e b m Kalea, aged, 9at, 111b. ^ Mn'lEL'l&hez;'s b g Standard Bearer, 6 yn,flat g Jade Hiu, 6 ^ tei, lilt ° (Haynee).. 1 .. .. .. 0 Mr. i. Annatrooc'sbgftfataff (late Onbfra-woek), aged,flswMlPKenfJe) .. .. .. .0 MrTT. 3. Byac's b h Bir Domiojok, 4yn, Sat. 111b. (Tothlll)... - . .. 0" Mr. B. 'Whitehead'sch gCharley, aged,lOat. .. dr Betting-7 to 2 agst Lady Clare, 3 to 1 agst Potatoes, 4 to 1 agst Bronzework, 5 to 1 agst Yorkshireman, 7 to 1 agist Valentine, 7 to 10 to 1 agst others. ' Potatoes and Lady d^re were in front orer the first flight ofhurdles; all the others well cp, with Valentine last ? In this order they ran along the river sid^ but at the old stand Kaled and Playboy rushed to the fore, and spattered the field by the pace they went A^ter passing the two-mile-post Kaleu bolted, und Potatoes; followed saity ^but rwas soon righted, whibh cdnfrcfemps brought .the others together again. Playboy was first orer the Hurdles at the stand, ::cl<»ely followed by ¥<>ifc8hiienkan, Ltwly Clare, Bluie-Jicket. rri,«.i»,U ?l*xe time, 'but at ttife back Playboy ciiM a go, aad lacgh-a-balJagh tan into fourth place, lrofk fihireman and Lady Clare leading. Enterihg the straight the.Sydney horse came along first, followed by Potato«i, and^vjEis landed An easy winper by three iertgthk. Standard Bearer ertade a great rash the last, passed Lady Clare and Yorky, and got third as many lengths behind, but wM-i&tr;'pl&ced; by the judge. Time, 6 min. 7sec. ^ ...'RV' The Dasdiko STAKES, a, sweepstakes of 5 sovs., with 100 sovB. #idded- .Ppr,Syr8 old, 7st.;4yrs, 9st. ;i5sr8, 9st 81b. ; yrs and aged,:»tt. lOlh. One aile aiid a aialf. The winner to be sold for £200, . Tv' Mr. Hi ft^ber^bl l/>rd of to! fikg yj», \ Mr^JL FMdock'a '6yn,'ftrt.61b! i (WUdock) ».-OJ ?' OB Bettsngi-2 lb l oh *S to 2 'agst Beadfiomn.:' '! tt-6 o.'iJ Immediately kfter^the Hag Ml aridWtsSloftKSn «nte>a out.j hid of^^-b^^ Wfore^ bid 3fo»fe1 llifljf "4& .'' 