THE IBISH CJTOBGH IN THE MPEBIAL PAELIAMEHT. HOUSE OF COMMONS, MONDAT, MARCH So. MB. GLADSTONE—I move, Sir, that the Acts relating to the Established Church (Ireland) be bow read. f The Clerk then read the titles of several Acts. Colonel S. Knox moved that the 5th Article of the Act of Union be read. The Clerk then read the following Article.— " That it be the fifth Article of Union that the Churches of England and Ireland, as now by law established, be united into one Protostant Episcopal Church, to be called theUnitedChurch of England and Iceland; and that the doctrine, worship, discipline, and government of the Said United Church shall be and shall remain in full force for ever, as the same are now by law established for the Church- of England ; and that the continuance and preservation of the said United Church, as the Established Church of England and Ireland, shall be deemed andtaken to be an essential and fundamental part of the Union; and thatin like manner the doctrine, worship, discipline, and government ofthe Church of Scotland shall remain and be preserved as the same are now established by law, and by the Acts for the Union of the Two Kingdoms of England and Scotland." Mr. H. E. Surtee* moved that the Clerk read that portion of the Act of William and Mary that now applied to the coronation oath of Her Majesty. "Hie Clerk read the following formula prescribed for use on suc^ occasions by the Act referred to:— -" Archbishop.—Will you solemnly promise and Bwear to govern the people of this United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, and the dominions thereto belonging, according to the statutes in Parliament agreed on and the respective laws and customs of the same ? " Queen.—I solemnly promise so to do. Archbishop.—Will you to your power cause law and justice in mercy to be executed in ail your judgments ? " Quean.—I will. " Archbishop.—Will you to the utmost of your power maintain the laws of God, the true profession of the Gospel, and the Protestant refotmed religion established by law, and will you maintain and preserve inviolably the settlement of theUnited Church of England and Ireland, and the doctrine, worship, discipline, and government thereof, as by law established within England and Ireland, and the territories thereunto belonging ? And will you preserve unto the bishops and clergy of England and Ireland, and to the churches there committed to their charge, all such rights and privileges as by law do or shall appertain tb them or any of them ? 4 4 Queen.—All this I promise to do. " Then the Queen, taking the coronation oath, would say these words.—' The things which I have here before promised I will perform and keep. So help me God.*" Mr. Gladstone, who was received with loud cheering, said,—I now rise, Sir, to move that this House will immediately resolve itself into a committee to consider the said Acts—that is to say, the Acts relating to the Established Church in Ireland; and I cannot for a moment regret that the gentlemen who have juBt interposed motions, accepted aS matter of course by the House, should by the passages they have c&used; to be read from the existing laws of this country have reminded lA Upon how solemn a duty we are now about to enter. I likewise conBtrue those motions as implying that there are in this House men who intend to meet the plain, the broad, and intelligible proposition tfhich I ask the House to accept by other propositions equally plain, broad, and intelligible, and that; the great controversy, and solemn controversy, for such it is, in which we are about to engage, is not to be degraded into a warfare of trick and contrivance, but is to be conducted on the other side of the House, as well as on this, in a spirit which befits the magnitude of the issue. lord staklet'8 amendmekt. Itow, Sir, I originally proposed the resolutions winch I have placed on the paper under the expectation that I should have explained them to a Committee of the whole Honse; but the noble lord (Lord Stanley), exercising a perfectly legitimate discretion, has appended to the comparatively formal motion, as far as its words are concerned, which I nowpropose to make, an amendment raising the merits of the case, and has thus thrown upon me the responsibility and duty of endeavouring to explain to the House without delay the general nature of the proposition which I wish to submit to it in antagonism to that of the noble lord's. Sir, I intend to arte the House, if it should go into Committee, to assert in the first place, that in our opinion the time has come when the Established Church of Ireland should cease to exist as an establishment. I do not think it would become me, either at the present moment, or at any subsequent stage of the debate, which may or may not follow, to makejmysefi responsible, in all its important and complex details, for a plan which shall have for its aim to give effect to my purpose. It would show, I think, entire forgetfulness both of the limits of my duty and of the resources which I have at my command* and likewise forgetfulness of the limits of duty pertaining to a party in opposition to Her Majesty's Government, were I to undertake responsibility, for the details of such a plan. At the tame time I think, on the other hand, that I should not be justified in endeavouring to shelter myself under the freedom of a member of the Opposition from distinctly indicating to the Government, the House, and the country the general bases and conditions of the measure which I wish to suggest for consideration. Therefore, Sir, I say, the aim and purpose of that measure is to cause the cessation of the Established Church of Ireland as far as it is a national establishment of religion. (Hear.) That cessation must, in my judgment—I will not merely say might, nor ought, but in my judgment absolutely must be subject to the condition, in order to make it an honourable and worthy measure, that every proprietary and every Tested right shall receive absolute compensation and satisfaction. Beyond thatlgo one step by saying that eyery dUposition should Hjfldrt to indulge and tocftnciliatfa feeing fffcepii can be done,aad» every doubtful case toadopt that mpde -of .prpcpeifiBg which may be most consistent with principles of thi? largeat .iequity. Sir, if I am asked what IJook upon M the condition! Mnder which the Govep^, ment would endeavour to enter upon a new state of things, as fara» regards the religious establishment in Ireland—if I am asked what it is that, in endeavouring to put an end to the present establishment J renounce for the future, I would again say that that which I renounce for the future is the attempt to maintain in association with the State, under the authority of the State, or supported by the income of the State or by public ornational propertyjn anyform, a salaried w ^r pendiary clergy. But as those connected with the established religion of Ireland are not the onlypersons interested in this matter,it is right that I should say, regarding other bodies who now receive grants Jor purposes of religion—either directly for religious worship, or for education having religious worship for its ultimate end—that in my opinion the more limited cases of those bodies must be met by the application of analogous principles of justice, equity, and even—ITI must use the word—intelligence; but beyond that I hold thaf the aim of all these proceedings may be to comply—as far as I understood the words read by my hon. friend the member for Sheffield—to comply with the language of the prayer of a petition he has presented, and to >ut an end within the realm of Ireland to all grants from the Consol- Fund to be applied for purposes of any religious denomination. fidated Having said this much I think I have only to add one more propositi^, and to «ay that, after satisfying every just and equitable claim, we 8hall have to contemplate at some future time the application of a residue. That residue will have, in my judgment, to be treated strictly and simply as an Irish fund for the benefit of Ireland. I think that with these words I have satisfied the duty incumbent on me, not of proposing a distinct and perfect project upon this great subject, but of indicating to Parliament the line in which I humbly ask it and would fain urge it to pursue. THE WEAKNEBS 07 TJKB DEFENCE. I cannot fail to observe, in the preliminary skirmishing pn this important question, whether it be owing to a scarcity of other argument* I know not, and perhaps it would not be Mr for me to insinuate that it is so, but undoubtedly there has been thus far a most copious use of that kind of argument which sometimes indicated a scarcity of other kinds—I mean the argumentum ad Iwmintm. Much blame has been bestowed upon Liberal Governments and upon the Liberal party for not having sooner addressed itself to a settlement of the question of the Irish Church; and it has been contended that as the Liberal party has not done so in former years it is neither entitled nor warranted to attempt it now. There is no doubt about the fact that for thirty years—that is to say, since 1838—no seriottseflort has been made by the liberal party as a whole, or by any Government, liberal or Conservative, to open up the question of the Irish Church; and those who may think fit to review the various motions that hate been made by members anxious at all events to keep alive the discussion, will find that for the most part they have been motions of aft exceedingly indecisive character, sometimes for a select committee, sometimes for a general consideration of the matter, sometimes to recommend it to the consideration of the Government, but never going to the root, never proposing that the existence of the Irish Church a* an Established Church should now be brought definitely to a close. And for one, I do not hesitate to say that in my judgment the, Liberal party, and Governments of all kinds, both Liberal and Conservative^ have been perfectly justified in that course. us. gladstoke's eabxjbb views. There has been no state of things, in my opinion, in this country, and especially in the feeling and opinion of Ireland, which would have enabled this great question to be opened upon a tywis of that breadth which it requires; and I own that the votes which I have myself given upon various motions have been given against partial measures intending partial application of remedial principles, and those rotes I am willing to admit I would repeat. In 1846 I was invited by • person of great influence, having then lost myeeat on account of the Com Law, to oppose a member of Lord Russell's Cabinet, and thus endeavour to obtain for myself a seat 1n Parliament. I have in ray possession the reply which I made, and in which I state that it was impossible for me to oppose that gentleman—first, because we were then engaged in the controversy of free trade, in which we had fought upon the same side; and, secondly, because upon the other great question which I then thought might come forward, the Irish Church, he was opposed to it, and it was impossible for me to pledge myself upoii principle to maintain it; In the following year I had a more searching test, for I had a contest of four months' duration for the Unitersity of Oxford. Application was made to me to know what position I took up with respect to the Irish Church, and my answer was that; I did not anticipate the proposal of a plan which would lead me to vote for a change in the Ecclesiastical Establishment of Ireland; but that to maintain it in principle I must entirely decline. I saw nd such likelihood. But in the year 1865 it appeared to me that in the then coming Parliament we probably should have to deal with this question ofthe Irish Church. And therefore I took the opportunity, for the fair warning and notice of my constituents, of making a speech in which I detached myself entirely and absolutely from the maintenance of the Irish Church, either ob a larger or on a more contracted scale. Having given them that notice they, as they were perfectly entitled to do, took advantage of it; and the consequence is that I am not member for Oxford University, but member for South Lancashire. I pass on to describe what I own I have a strong persuasion has not presented itself in full to the minds of hon. gentlemen on that side of the House,—perhaps not in full to the minds of hon. gentlemen on this. Having undertaken the great and heavy responsibility—for a heavy responsibility it is—of making this proposal, I wish to indicate concisely to the House the position in which, aB it appears to me, the proposal, if accepted, would leave what I should then have to call, nbifjflfe Iristr EstablilhM Ghlfaft?'tided of-dtetfacHeto; daitt, the Angticita'Cdoiiaiihibti tri^t&Kiia.; f -.^hm > - v '< r . ! ; •" * " •'«*-«• I'id'W'si rhahfcot see 1 fliat tlie'rpnaitiob Sketched 'ph>specff#tf£ffr the fflemttefri of the BstabliShijrl Ohirfch in Ireland is," in itself; lit ali a' J&iherifaBfe; -or a dejjl6T4Me , 'can€it : i6 , a. ' Tlititv hWreveiK Ui no reason why'we sfcotfld 36 the act thnt' t ftbfr t^comm'end. Nor #ill't entelu' Tburtb : i^ci}h)itienfi^liitiict f % nny pblicy'vhich, rts far as ! (^n crareym^bfvfes exaggeration.'' It' ii,:fn riiy opinion, exagger&tlrtft; to* mdte."the trisli Established ClitiHsH; its present form 'datitig 'from thie ^efo^ation, ^s^qnkible'for the gretffc grievances ofkscPndiincy attd ofnational estrangeOientln Ireland. It is true, W h&s;'be&i; said I think" by Dr.'Br^y^I meiiii Dr^'Mftzifere'Brady—who has writteh oii this su&ject;—"The Establishment was Papal but'anti-Irish' from 1'I72 to 1560, and from i560 to 1868 it'was anti-Papal and anti-Irish tcio'. rt 'There is ho grfeater authority oh this subject than Mr. Burke. Ih'his tracf upon the "'Popery'LawB, : " he gives it-as his Opinion,— "JSither that a' religion not very remote from the Protestant' prevailed "In Ireland .before the English caine there," or at least " that PapHl'aitiibrity wai mufeh tofrerih IMahd than in other countries;" and' he'winds ufr by 6aying," No country, I'believe, since the world bfegan, his suffered "e6 much on account of religion or has been so vkrioUSly harassefl both for Popery and for Protestantism." "Now, in examining a charge of tha^Trihd jTcan only say that the c&se; is mnch strengthened when we consider that'it has been the particular misfortuiie, the dark fatality of this Church question, that all along Teligious establishments undeir 'English 1 protection have been associated with IJrifish power, arid instead of tending to unite the feelings of the Irish nation to unity with the peoplfe of 1 this island, have unhappily been— aSMr; Burkt says, ftfst for Popery and "next for Protestantism—all along a cause of estrangement land disunion. Well, now the arguments very generally advanced for the maintenance of the Irish Church are sbmethihg of thife nature .-—That to disestablish it would be Contrary to the Act of Union, and dangerous to the Church of England; that such a measure would be injurious to the Protestant religion ; that it Wpuld be subversive of property; that it would be contrary to the ag^urapeg. given by the Roman Catholic party; and that the tithe is paid by ihe landlord. Now, t think the tithe is not paid by the landlord; and as for the assurance of the Catholic party, I cannot consent that any such assurance should bind me to uphold what.I conceive to be unfair to the Catholics and injurious to the empire. In this matter I say we.should exercise our own freedom, and judge what is for the common good; and it,is for the.common,good I ask you, to consent to the, disendowmeRt of the Established Church in Ireland. Mr. Pitt, according to bis bipgrapher, used these words., and they are very important, as 8howing that ,he did not contemplate only,"a. relief,to the Qathofo^ from political disability, but that his large and comprehensive mind contemplated putting them on a footing of religious equality with.,their Protectant fellow-subj ects as soon as the opportunity for so doing should arise. He said:— . .'[,By many he knew ,it would be contended that the religion professed by, the majority of the people would at least be entitled to an equality,,of privileges.'.' What was. Mr. Pitt's answer to that ? " No man co^ld say that .in the actual state of things, while Ireland remained -a separate kingdom, full concessions, could be made to the Catholics without endangering the State, and shaking the constitution of Ireland to its centre." Ijthi^k, therefore, there is ample room for the opinion that Mr. Pitt contemplated at least.a system which is now becoming wholly impossible—namely, that of general endowment. FH0GBK6S OP CATHOLIC (Tr IN IBELAND. There is a famous -saying of Mr. Hallam.of which I don't remember the.rworde, but of w,hich this ;is the sense—that there is no medium in.tbe policy of a . State between persecution and expatriation, and Iteration <and admission to. a footing of, equality. Certainjy, as far as tberhistory of Ireland is 1 c6ncerned, it tends in a remarkable degree to afford proof of the wisdom of that proposition. I have, with such materials as were ppep to pip, endeavoured to obtain the estimates formed at different times of the respective numbers of Roman Catho-, lies and Protestants jn Ireland, ft is very remarkable, but this appears tobe the caae-^that the unchristian, barbarous, and abominable: penal laws were in a manner successful. : The number of the Roman Catholic community in a certain degree, though-plowlv, diminished so loi)g as the pressure of these .penal laws weighed upon them ; but from the time .when the feeling of liberty and civil life began to glow in the breast of the Boman Catholic, and there was some field for the €xercise;of his abilities—from the time of our embarking in an intermediate system to maintain the Established Church in Ireland—our experiment has been a total failure ; the proportion of Roman Catholics to Protestants has increased in a remarkable degree. In 1672, Sir William Petty gave numbers, which, when I reduce the fractions to a common denominator, as,-! have done in reppect of all the figures I am ab<)Ut to quote, show that the ProteBtants were at that time to tbe Rpman Catholics as three to eight, or 45 to 120. In 1730, or about that date, a very careful inquiry took place, entirely nnder the direction .of the Government, and it was found that the Protestants were as two to five as compared with the. Catholics ; they had grown to.the proportion of 48 to 120. ,3ut at thfit time, according.to another apthority. Bishop Butler, a Roman Catholic prelate, the Protestants were as two to four, or as j6p to 120, when compared with the Roman Catholics. In 1762 Bishop Butler published a work, in which he complains that under the influence of the penal laws and the charter sqhools the Protestants had pfeadjly increased; but, as there is no precise estimate of the numbers, I cannot give them. In 1784, only six years after the first relaxation of the penal laws, a computation •was made, which must necessarily have been of a loose character, but to which great value appears to have been attached by persons of authority. I dare say it .will create a smile in the House when I ; mention in what way this estimate was made. It was founded on. the number of beggars who came to the House of Industry in Dublin. There were no Poor Laws at that time, and, as it waB believed that the applicants for relief at the House of Industry included persons from all4d&te;^mhe%htrMIt t^tihfey rep&sented; the different religious creldl proportionate numbers which the members of those creeds Jwre to one another in Ireland. The result is important,.as showing that Tin 7$4. ^e .proportion was the same as in\l73t»—nfcmely,'thatof 60 tb ratf, or as 2 to4. : in 1801 ail (atimtite^wils giveti'^otaf thfe P^otiestatB^ide. THE NOMBBR OP PBOTUST^TS'DttCLIKtM^. '-"'.i'.f^ In Sir Richard Musgro ve's ffi&torrf; of theHebellion in Ireland, second edition—the second edition Ira's published in ; I801, and I siippose tlie figures refer to 1800—there is an estimate which shows that the Pro- r testants had sunk to ttos ^ropbrtion of 40 t<> 120. The Caiholftis themselves claimed -still more; In l834 there was .a ^reat investigation made under the authority of theUritisk. Government. By the Census returns of that year it appears :that the Protestants had stiir farther sank. Instead of being as 60 to 120 in their proportion to; the Roman Catholics—as they had been 100 years before, or as 40 to; 120, as thiey had been in the beginning of jthe century—they were;: only as 30 to 120, or a trifle under one-fifth of the wliole population.,: • In 1861 they were a trifle over one-fifth, but the. change waa so slight' ] as to be scarcely worth notice. If we are told that, the removal,ofL-a, public rteligious establishment from Ireland will:be injurious to Protestantism, I would -ask what is the meaning, of the words " injurious to Protestantism ?" The meaning must be this—that the maintenanoe,. of this religious establishment has been beneficial to Protestantism? • : And yet it is shown by evidence which, although »n all its details it ' may not be perfectly precise, is nevertheless clear and conclusive for, every practical purpose, that ever since you receded from, the cruelty; of the penal laws, the attempt to maintain your establishment, has had tliis effect—that along with it there has been au immense increase in > the proportion of Roman Catholics, to ProtestantB in Ireland. It .may, indeed, be said, " Yes, the case is very bad, though it, would have lleen still worse but for our religious establishment." I trust, however,. that that argument will not be used in a House.of Commons which, . by an overwhelming majority, is a Protestant,House of Commons, for dismal, indeed, is our condition if* as professors of a certain religion, we cannot look our Roman Catholic feUojv-citizens in the fa<?e,, and meet thorn on a fair field, and if, the moment we are threatened with civil equality, we are obliged to utter doleful vaticinations about the extinction of our faith, and to confess that we have only beenprevented by extraneous and fictitious aid on t|ie part of the Stfite ! from being swallowed up in a great vortex. I must ask the llouse to listen to a most remarkable passage*r-and it; U,>the.only other jone which I shall read to the House—from the writings of Mr. Burke,: He is describing the spirit and operation of the penal laws, and he savs:— •'•":. ..'i : '« From what I have observed it was pride, arrogance, and a spirit of domination, and not a bigoted spirit of religion, that has caused ^ud, kept up these oppressive statutes. I am flure. I have known those who have oppressed Papists in their civil rights exceedingly indulgent to them in their religious ceremonies, and who really, wished them-to continue Catholics in order to furnish pretences for oppression. Thepe . persons never saw a man (hy converting) escape out of their poifjer but with grudging and regret." •••.•.- I admit it is difficult to realise the whole spirit and meaning of these . words, and to see to what depths of-degradation a politico-ecclesias-: tical system misapplied can unhappily descend, j-But undoubtedly-; those days have gone by. Between the beginning of this century and, the year 1830 there was a great revival of piety,and zeal among the clergy of Ireland. But by the year 1830, which was about, the d§tie when you had for the first time a zealous fand active clergy in Ireland, they found themselves unhappily involved :in the tithe wars j and, 1 at that unbiappy period, before the passing of the Tithe Commutatipji Act, the collection of the tithes was in the hands of;the tithe prpctprp, . who levied them from every occupier of the 6o|{. In such ciricjmistances it was almost vain to thiuk of the propagation.of religipjos truth. This difficulty, however, was taken away in 1838 by ; the pass- , ingof the Tithe Commutation Act. Undoubtedly,,manyof us are open to some reproach for having, by the Tithe Commutation Act and the Ghurch Temporalities Act, wasted to some extent the ecclesiastical, property of the country in order.ito work down the argument drawn from the existence of the tithes. A commission of 25 per cent, was given to the landlord for collection, and undoubtedly that was a most liberal percentage. I do not,, however, intend by, that remark to weaken the landlord's title in the slightest, degree, for I believe that ' the arrangement which was come to has heen, regarded as a final arangement, and therefore what has been clone cannot be undone. But during the thirty years which have elapsed since 1838 what have we had in Ireland ? In the first place we have had the clergyman pursuing his vocation in. perfect tranquillity, anjl without an external barrier of any kind to impede him. In the second place we have kad n clergy claiming and well earning the name of an able, a zealous, and a pious clergy. What more could be desired to test the capacity of the Church? And yet, sir, more there has been, because there has' been a great calamity—a famine, which pressed principally, though not entirely, on the Catholic population of Ireland, and which gave to the Protestant clergy, as the dispensers of alms, access to every cot- 1 tage in the country, and placed in their hand6 such a leverage of social' power as cap hardly be over- estimated. The plague was followed by emigration, and all these burdens weighed chiefly on the Roman Catholic population. Yet, with all these advantages on the side of ,the Establishment, and with that terrific calamity reducing the numberk of the Catholic population, it appears from the census of 18G1 that', although some change has taken place, it is so insignificant that we may fairly call it imperceptible; for I believe, if we contemplate the conversion of Ireland at the rate indicated by these figures, some 1,500 or 2,000 years at least must elapse before we complete the task. I have dealt with these general considerations, and now I will, endeavour further to justify the proposal which I am going to submit to the House. , THE ABOLITION OP THE ESTABLISHMENT X KKCE8SITY. I ask the House in substance to do two things. The first is to make' a declaration which by itself is in the nature of an abstract resolution —namely, a declaration tbat it is necessary that the Established Church of Ireland should cease to exist as an Establishment, due regard being bad for vested interests and the rights of property. But I also ask the House to take a further step. I ask them to arrest appointments which might be made from this time forth, with a view of reserving, in the most convenient form of which circumstances will'admit, the final disposal of this great' and complicated question. The object is to arrest in the first pjace episcopal appointments, the state of the law being such that where a vacancy occurs in a see, and no provision is made for filling it up, the law itself provides for the exercise of jurisdiction and the performance of all necessary spiritual acts. I need not, I think, go into .details for the purpose of sustaining the correctness of this statement. nor do I think it will be maintained that any intolerable grievance would arise from- a short suspension of these episcopal appointments, if we are to judge of the capacity of bishops to perform spiritual duties for a given amount of population by the scale which prevails in England, and which, on the whole, is not an unfair scale. Undoubtedly there is in the case of the twelve bishops of Ireland, with their 700,000 adherents, abundant space and scope to enable temporary provision to be made without any serious inconvenience. With respect to capitular appointments, I think the policy of suspending them still more clear. As to parochial appointments, I do not propose to attempt any interference with that limited number of parishes which are in private patronage, for we cannot touch those parishes without interfering with proprietary rights, and we can only deal with proprietary rights in a satisfactory manner when we come to consider the conditions of a final and conclusive measure. With regard to parochial appointments not in private patronage, I may point out that provision is already made for the case of certain parishes in Ireland which only contain a very few Protestants, and in reference to parishes having a larger proportion of Protestant inhabitants, there are provisions suitable in the main for the purpose to which I am now referring. Besides the stopping of such appointments, it appears to be necessary to stop the proceedings of the Ecclesiastical Commissioners in Ireland, and this, like the suspension of appointments, can only be done by passing an Act of Parliament. It would, in my judgment, be most unconstitutional, and I do not think the House would entertain it if I were to propose it, that any of these things should be done by the mere will of the House of Commons. It is plainly the affair of the Legislature; it is the business of the Crown Estate and the Bishops' Estate to continue to fill the office until the law is altered. AN ABSTRACT RESOLUTION VALUELESS. By the first part of the proposal I have to make I wish to test the question whether the House does or does not think the time is come for dealing thus seriously with the Established Church in Ireland; but if we do think that the time is come, then I must say that I hope we shall not be content to launch forth upon the winds of heaven that most unsatisfactory creation of human wit, when it stands alone, which is known within these walls by the name of an abstract resolution. If you think it is right, in the language which will be proposed to you, that the Established Church should cease to exist as an Established Church in Ireland, and if you choose to adopt the mode of operation proposed, the final.effcct of this resolution will have to be postponed. Is it not obvious common sense; is it not necessary, in order to give assurance in all good faith and to maintain our credit, that we should without hesitation do that which is perfectly simple in -its character—namely, arrest the progress of operations which tend greatly to fetter the future discretion of Parliament? Suppose, •instead of proposing the disestablishment of the Irish Church, some member of wise counsels and intentions had put upon the notice paper of this House a-proposition that it would be expedient, with due regard to vested interests* to make provision by law for the extinction of the House of Peers, would the noble lord (Stanley) have gone forward and have told us that he thought it was possible considerable modifications might perhaps appear to be expedient, as the result of the great Constitutional change which he recently has been an instrument in bringing about, but that he was of opinion that any proposition tending to the disestablishment of the House of Lords ought to be reserved for the decision of a new Parliament. That may Beem like a jest; it is but too sad earnest. It indicates a mode in which,, so far as depends upon the counsels of the Executive, this great question of the Irish Church is to be dealt. For myself, I avow that I have carefully avoided all endeavours to stir agitation. I have waited . until, as it appeared to me, the hour had come when the call of duty summoned. ' But it is said there is no end to-these concessions—that a liberal policy has been long pursued; that it has not produced its natural fruits; that the Roman Catholics still continue dissatisfied, and that, instead of gratitude, we are met with fresh demands. Well sir, my answer is—AS WE HAVE SOWN, SO WE HEAP. The method we have pursued, according to laws higher and deeper than any we can make, has produced the fruits that were inevitable, and that we ought to have foreseen. It is quite true that we have conceded. There has been, as I said before, a connection of 700 years. Almost the whole of that connection has consisted of a succession of storms— fierce and bitter storms—and uncertain, temporary calms. From time to time the Irish problem has been dealt with, but it never has been dealt with by removing the whole cause of dispute. For 100 years we have been moving at least in the same direction. In 1778 a great concession was made. In 1793 another onward stride was effected in the Parliament of Ireland. In 1800 the promises of Mr. Pitt for a moment gilded the sky of that island. In 1829 our Roman Catholic colleagues in this House first took their seats among us, and obtained a substantial equality which I rejoice to think was carried within the last year, or two to its farthest limitB by the removal of a useless and objectionable oath. But what have been the circumstances under which these changes have been made? Have they been freely made ? PAST CONCESSIONS NOT VOLUNTARY. Have they proceeded from our spontaneous bounty ? Have they been drawn from us in our melting mood by our recollection of the woes and sufferings of Ireland ? Sir, the dates, I am loth to say, speak for themselves. The first step was in 1778, when the prospects of the American war were growing more and more gloomy. The second was in 1793, when you began to be locked in a struggle of life and death with France. The third was in 1800, when that struggle, great and formidable as it was at all times, had assumed, perhaps, its very darkest aspect. And the last was in 1829; you gave to the Bmnan Catholics seats in this House when the Minister who proposed the measure intimated to you, in terms distinct enough, that unless you were prepared for concession you muBt lopk for civil war as the only alternative. And ' when we thus have written, inscribed, engraven upon our own acts the motives from which they have proceeded—when we have ourselves, by the time at . which they were carried, taken care to characterise them as more properly the fruit of our fearful anticipations than of our generous bounty, can we be surprised that they have failed to elicit the abundant gratitude it seems we were to expect? I believe the laws of human nature have been too strong for us, and they ought to have enabled us to predict what has happened. Hence it has been that the proverb arose—England's difficulty was Ireland's opportunity; and that Mr. Grattan, speaking of the independence of the Irish Parliament, said:— " The weakness of England made the strength of Ireland, for Ireland was saved when America was lost. When England conquered Ireland was coerced; when she was defeated, Ireland was relieved." Now, at last, let us see whether it is in our power to make some amendment upon this most deplorable method of proceeding. I hope it is not too late. It is certainly not too soon. I have urged that there is a crisis in the affairs of Ireland, and I am answered that , the crisis is one made and got up by me, as if I were the mysterious person who in a theatre behind or rather above the scenes has custody of what are termed the thunder, lightning, and rain, to do with them as he pleases. Sir, that is not the character of the Irish crisis. Much depends upon this. Let us sift the questions to the bottom. We had a crisis in 1829. What followed ? Certainly nothing like completeness of calm. But about fifteen years afterwards the attitude of Ireland again became formidable. Sir Robert Peel endeavoured to meet the exigency of the day by measures he proposed of a highly Liberal character, one relating to the establishment of the Queen's colleges, the other to the exclusion of the grant to Maynooth—a grant opposed by the right hon. gentleman now the Prime Minister of the Crown, on the ground that Sir R. Peel was a person totally unfit to make that proposal, since his policy up to that time had lain in a different direction. But it pleased Providence to interpose and to check the currents of the political atmosphere by the tremendous visitation of the famine. That famine gave another turn to the minds and thoughts of men. UNFULFILLED PROMISES. But we have gone on, I am afraid, less alive than we ought to have been to the real demands of Ireland. It has only been since the termination of the American war and the appearance of FRNIANISM that the mind of this country has been greatly turned to the consideration of Irish affairs; and it is in vain to attempt to preach in the wilderness, to anticipate conclusions at which the nation has not arrived, even though those conclusions may be recommended by forethought as well as justice. But what has been happening all this time? Has Ireland been in a stationary condition? I don't speak of itsjnaterial condition. I speak of other causes. The discontent of the agricultural population has continued, and the virtual pledge given by public authority in the report of Lord Devon's Commission, twenty-three years ago, has for all these years remained without redemption. If millions of the Irish people have taken an acuter view of their own rights and wrongs than we may approve, and the cheap Press, which, with myriad wings, we have sent among them, have stirred from time to time those breasts, that cheap Press, if causes of dissatisfaction had not existed, would only have attached all classes to the institutions of the country. It used to be said that steam had bridged the Channel it has now bridged the Atlantic. Steam now bridges the Atlantic, and the echoes of whatever dissatisfaction exists in Ireland come back to us over the waves of that wide ocean. These are fatal and enormous changes—they are changes preparatory and predisposing to the latest' manifestation—the manifestation, I mean, of that Fenianism that has come into this country, which, and I 'say it upon the authority of the noble earl, who stated the fact in words that cannot be forgotten, found existing in the hearts of the Irish people a great amount of dissatisfaction—we may almost say of disloyalty and of dislike to England and to the English rule, the small occupiers to a great extent . sympathising with it, and in several of the large towns in the South the population being deeply tainted with it, and ready to participate with it to any extent. And then, with these words falling from the mouth of his own colleague, that colleague being the responsible Minister for Ireland, the Prime Minister for the Crown denies that a crisis exists, and ridicules it as the creation of a fevered brain. I want to know what is the sign of a national crisis. To those who refuse to read it in the suspension of the Habeas Corpus Act four times, I think, successively, what answer is it to say to us, " You yourselves proposed the suspension ?" My opinion is that the readiness and the cheerfulness—no, that is a bad word—the readiness and full conviction with which the House has acceded to the proposal is a true measure of the conviction that the House entertains that it must at the earliest possible moment address itself in earnest to the work of remedial legislation. What doos the suspension of the HabeaB Corpus Act mean? Is means the giving up of the charter and palladium of personal liberty in that country. Arid what are its accompaniments in Ireland? A police which is virtually an_armed force for purposes of repression, admirably discharging its duties, but ppt discharging the same duties that are discharged by the police of England and Scotland. An army maintained in Ireland, unhappily not for the same purposes for which an army is maintained in England and in Scotland, but for purposes much more nearlyapproacbing those which are most peculiar to some of the worst governed States of Europe. For my part, I know not what is worse than tranquillity purchased by the constant suspension of the Habeas Corpus Act, unless it be that last extremity of public calamity—civil war. ".'•"" . . THfeRESE0N§iBn/riT ^TOO Gfe&Lfc; TOfe tfELA.1T; ' F/6t >; my oWn part, 1 am not willing to wait. It appears tb'tne fchati oOT^te^iisiMlitV is qiiite' 1 sufficient 'for having 1 waited this -Uttg, rind' tbaVit beflW us h6Sv toldo all tfiat'tfoe tinitewlll permit towar<ts cl6&r-;< if&'ftur account with Ireland. I kribwthere is fueling itv this matter; winch, I admit, it is difficult to get over. There are many who think* that to lay hahds upbri the national Church Establlshtneht df a' ck&htry; is a profane arid' MlirUH(>Wfed get. •* 'I 'resp^fer thdt >f6feli&g;^ •> sympathise with it. I sympathise with it while 1 think it my duty to o'vercome and repress it. But if it be an error it is an error entitled to respect. There is something in the idea of a national establishment ofreligion, of a solemn appropriation of a paM of the Commonwealth for conferring upon all who are ready to receive it what we know to be an inestimable benefit, of saving that portion of the inheritance from private selfishness, in order to extract from it, if we din, pure and unmixed advantages of the highest order for the populatiob iait laTge—there is something in this so attractive that it is an image thai must always command the homage of the many. It is somewhat like the kingly Ghost in Hamlet, of which one of the characters of Shakespeare says— " We do it Wrong, being so majestical, To Offer it the show of violence; For it is, as the air, invulnerable, And our vain blows malicious mockery." But, Sir, this is to view a religious establishment upon one side, only upon what I may call the etsherial side. It has likewise a side of earth, and here I'cannot do better than quote the lines written by the present Archbishop of Dublin at a time when his years were devoted to the Muses, lie 6aid, in speaking of mankind— " We, who did our lineage high Draw from beyond the starry sky, Are yet upon the other side To earth and to its dust allied." THE ESTABLISHMENT'S FINAL HOUR COME. And so the Church Establishment, which, regarded in its theory and in it6 aim, is so beautiful land attractive. Yet what is it but an appropriation of public property, an appropriation of the fruits of labour aind of skill to certain plirposes, and unless those purposes be fulfilled that appropriation canhot be justified. Therefore, Sir, I cannot but feel that we must set aside fears which thrust themselves upon the imagination, and act upon the sober dictates of our j udgment. I think it has been shown that the cause for action is strong—not for precipitate action—not for action beyond our powers, but for such action as the opportunities of the-times and the condition of Parliament, if there be but a ready will, will amply and easily admit of. If I am asked as to my expectations of the issue of this struggle, I begin by frankly avowing that I, for one, would not have entered into it unless I believed that the final hour was about to sound. " Venit summa dies et ineluctabile fatum." And I hope that the noble lord will forgive me if I say that before Friday last I thought that the thread of the remaining life of the Irish Established Chiirck was short, but that, since Friday last, when at half-past four o'clock in the afternoon the noble lord stood at that table, I have regarded it as being shorter still. The issue is not in ^ur hands. What we had and have to do is to consider well and 'deeply before we take the first step in such an engagement as this, *but having entered into the controversy, there and then to acquit Ourselves like men, and to Use every effort to remove what still remains •of .the scandals and calamities in the relations which exist between : England and Ireland, and, to make our best efforts at least to Jill up with the cement of human concord the noble fabric of the British Mr. E. A. Leathain said that do what we would, establish or disestablish what we might, endow or disendow what we pleased, the youngest man in that House, he feared, would scarcely live to see Ireland what she might have been if our ancestors in dealing with that country had not for Centuries neglected, or rather read backwards, every precept of Christianity and every postulate of justice. Only a century ago no Irish Catholic could inherit a single acre of land, could discharge the most humble duties of a political citizen, "Vote for a member of Parliament, become a member of any of the liberal professions, or even teach a child. Irish manufactures were shut out of this country ; tithes were exacted bv force of arms and with perpetual shedding of blood. But to say that the feeling against us now in Ireland was as intense as ever was to fly in the face of facts and to utter a prodigious satire upon all that had been done for that coiintry of late years. If, after all the amelioration in the coriclition of the Irish people, there was no amelioration in their attitude towards us, then, taking it for granted that the bond between ' thii twp countries must be Indissoluble, the question would .be, riot Whether we had done too little, but whether we had not done too much. No one would compare the outbreaks of Fenianism with those ; of former times. Solongas their Irish legislation was unjust, depend upon it they would tiave the atmosphere in which disaffection loVed to breathe. Remove those inequalities, however—do away with every unfair advantage of one creed over another, and they would ; strengthen that love of order which was instinctive in the human family. The legislature tnust purify the air, and remove those conditions which were the source of perpetually- recurring mischief. As it was an Irish Catholic could scarcely leave his own door without breaking his shihs—to U6e th»"homely phrase—over an institution which reminded him at every turn that he belonged to a race which still wore a'portion of its fetters. What was the fundamental notion of an Established Church ? Was it not orthodoxy ? But there .could not be half a dozen true faiths, and if such a state of things were sanctioned in Ireland, what was there to prevent a scramble for the revenues of the Church of England ? Ambng other arguments adduced for the Irish Church Establishment it wa? said'that it was a corporate body, and inherited from another body, and that therefore it ought not to be disturbed. But it was a question whether the Irish Church toadia fftir claim to the full privilege pf a corporate [bojty.. : Ar6hbisliop; Wt8tely,.4fli excellent - authority,, flajd-Jie i reely, ac%qw-. ledged that tWStoteha&fctighMa; tejtp a,jray.^. property pf wSifr-. ftlhsaclesiastical corporations j^en, t^eir a^ojijtipn bepame impqrton^t i tb >theTpiblie Vrelfare. And the Liberal party contended that this dPSsbriptioh Applied tothelrishChurchatthe present moment. It should frisoibe remembered that nfeytthe Tithe Rentcharpe Act of 1838 !: handed over 25 per cent, of thetithesinperpetuityto thelaqdlp^L- Another argument was. that if -Parliament disendowed the If|sh Church a fatal precedent would be established for the disendowment of the English Church. But the two cases were by no means parallel. Parliament had just given the people of this, country a. wide and generous suffrage. Now, if the Church of England were regarded with the same hostility by four-fifths. of the people of this country as the Church of Ireland was regarded by four-fifths of the people of Ireland, it would not be maintained in its present, position for a single year. THE CORONATION OATH. One gentleman had asked for the fifth article of the Act of Union to be read, and another had called for the Coronation Oath. But he did not hear a single reference to the temporalities of the Irish Church in the former, and even if there had been tne Legislature was competent to do both what it had done and what it was now asked to do. As to the argument about the Coronation Oath, it was difficult to meet it with gravity. Archbishop Whately said that if this argument were admitted it would prove that we had four instead of three estates in the realm—namely, Queen, Lords, Commons, and the Oath. It was further argued that if the legislature disendowed and disestablished the Irish Church it would cause the withdrawal from all parts of the country of many useful and amiable gentlemen, as if the Church were a society for the diffusion of useful and amiable gentlemen. Did those who thus argued believe that the Church of Ireland would collapse like a punctured windbag if State aid were withdrawn ? It was not the pruning-knife that those ; who were about to vote for the motion demanded, but the axe; it was not reform, but disendowment. Mr. Moncreiff entertained a hope that from that night a better day would dawn for Ireland. Looking at the speeches of the right lion, member for South Lancashire and the noble lord opposite, it appeared that the obstacles that had so long stood in the way of the pacification of Ireland would, at no distant day, be finally removed. If there were no obstacle between the present and that consummation but the amendment which was the subject of debate, its ambiguous terms, and the faltering tone of the noble lord who moved it, would afford no grounds for fearing the revolution or strife apprehended by the last speaker. The noble lord scarcely realised the magnitude and importance of the issue. The motion was only the offspring, of tth& discussion which took place a few days ago. We were told that this was to be an Irish Session, that the state of Ireland was one fraught with imminent peril, that it was desirable and it was intended to have the matter discussed; and we were promised, some time before it was given, a declaration of the policy of the Government. That was made in the speech of the noble lord (the Earl of Mayo), which disclosed a policy that neither the House nor Ireland nor this country could accept. If we were to accept the amendment of the Government their propositions did not amount to a cure for the state of Ireland. Under these circumstances the right hon. member for South Lancashire had offered a contribntion towards a policy for Ireland. It was satisfactory to note that the Irish Church had met with no defence nor justification. Many statements had been made and arguments suggested, but not a word had been said in favour of the Irish Church. No wonder it should not be defended. Formed by injustice, nurtured in discontent, the fertile source of heartburnings—a great obstacle, he apprehended, in the way of -the Protestant religion—the scandal of the principle of Church establishment, and-an obstruction in' the way of good government, its history, associations, and principle alike precluded the possibility of defence. When the right hon. gentleman gave notice of his motion, the knell of the Irish Church, was rang, and the mode in which Government met it placed the matter beyond all doubt. The first note sounded was a letter from the Prime Minister to a noble earl, published in the newspapers. The Prime Minister said— We have heard something lately of the crisis of Ireland. In my opinion the crisis of England is rather at hand for the purpose isjnow avowed, and that by a powerful, party, of destroying that sacred union between Church and State which bas hitherto been the chief means of our civilisation, and is the only security for our religious liberty." The noble lord could not find the English endowments in the right hon. member's resolutions ; he could not find in them nny ; indication of an intention to take away the endowments of the English Church; yet the Prime Minister said, not alone that the Church of Ireland WAB to be destroyed, but that the purpose of attacking the English Church was not only entertained, but avowed. He inferred thiit this was seen on the face of the resolutions; but, at all events, they'said nothing about the Church in England. As regarded the Church of Ireland, there was nothing to be said. The amendment of the noble lord might mean anything or everything. It did n6t imply that the dis-establishment of the Irish Church would destroy the security for our religious liberty; on the contrary, it looked forward with complacency to the possibility of a new Parliament dealing with the question in that way. That view was supported by the fact that the noble lord, in a moment of forgetfulness, said, in'Effect; "The right hon. gentleman is making a party move for party pilrpOfees; he. and his party want the credit of doing it; they want to be the firs tin the field; we are quite ready'to do it if only you will give ns time. Their proposition is to destroy the only security for our religious liberty; but if you leave this establishment until the new Parliament, we will take the credit from them, and carry their measure ourselves." Was that the principle on which the question was to be discussed ? Was it to be a question of the inviolability of Church revenues, the coro- "nation oatb, and the Articles of Union ? Was the Conservative party going to maintain : the grpjmd.it; hajl so often maintained, oj: had it abandoned that ground ?'' The House was entitled to a distinct and clear' answer. If the cries of " Protestant ascendancy " iand "'No, surrender" were once and for ever abandoned, surely the patriotic *sbursei was to say so plainly. A CE1SI8 IN IRISH AFFAIRS. They were dealing with a crisis in Ireland. It was not the resolution of his right hon. friend, but the subject of it, that made the crisis. As a Scotsman, he entertained, in common with all his countrymen, the warmest sympathy for Ireland, produced partly by analogy and partly l)y contrast. Both countries had had their struggles—ecclesiastical, political, and agricultural. The result produced in Scotland was one of unexampled prosperity and peace. There were 20,000 soldiers in Ireland, while in Scotland the number was so small as could hardly be called a garrison at all. He had listened with profound interest to the debate introduced by the hon. member for Cork. He did not think Fenian ism could be said to be directly caused by any of the matters referred to. It did not arise from the land question> from mixed education, or from the Church. But the fact remained. If no , grievance they could lay their hand upon was the cause of disaffection —if they had disaffection and no visible cause for it, there could be no more dangerous state of things. When they knew the precise evil they could apply a remedy to it. They could remove disaffection by removing the cause. The rebellion of 1798 was a commonplace rebellion. That of 1848 was very much the same. There were recognised leaders, they struck the leaders, and the rebellion went out. But Fenianism was a monster without a head. It cropped up everywhere. It was not confined to Ireland ; it made its appearance also in England and Scotland; its ramifications extended all over the country. There, was nothing to take hold of ; but there were indications that if it had succeeded at one time it would have been a rising against everything venerable, respectable, and valuable. It had no leaders, but was spreading down on the lowest basis of society. That was the evil they had to guard against. The noble lord talked of leaving this matter to the next Parliament, but who knew what might happen in the interval ? Fenianism was the recoil of the wave of oppression that had swept for so many years over Ireland. They might think that a tardy repentance would atone for former sins; but it would do nothing of the kind. It was only Ireland that could put down Irish disaffection. They wanted to have the spirit and feeling as well as the act of loyalty; and this could never be had till they dealt justly with Ireland, and removed those things which were felt, and could not but be felt, as the marks of degradation. He believed .that passing the resolution of his right hon. friend would do more to bind the Irish to this country, and to renew those feelings which naturally sprung up in the breasts of the Romnn Catholic population, than anything which had been done within this century. THE QUESTION OP POSTPONEHENT. It. was suggested that the present Parliament was not competent to deal with the question. Apparently it was intended to be conveyed that, as the franchise was extended last year, the members who had seats for English constituencies no longer represented those constituencies. In that case, what was to become of the Scotch and Irish Reform Bills? However, since the right hon. gentleman opposite had told the House that it might deal with those measures as it pleased, perhaps there would be less difficulty in the matter. But was there any truth in the allegation of the incompetency of Parliament? The Secretary for Ireland proposed to introduce a Bill on the much-vexed question of landlord and tenant in Ireland, with the view of having \- that subject dealt with by the present Parliament. He, therefore, did not understand what the noble lord the Foreign Secretary meant by denying the competency of Parliament to deal with the subject now under consideration. The motion for the resolutions would be carried by-the feeling of the Protestant people of this country, and he trusted 'that it would be accepted in Ireland, as in England and Scotland, as an offering laid on the altar of justice, as some atonement for past sinp and, oppressions, and as a presage of harmony and prosperity for the people. •• • - Mr. Laing asked, if they could maintain the existing Protestant Establishment and the present system of religious inequality in Ireland? On that point it was enough to say that when a . prominent Cabinet Minister like the Foreign Secretary told them that not one educated man in a hundred in thiB country would advocate the maintenance of that system, it was surely impossible that things could permanently remain as they now . were in Ireland. While no impartial person would affirm that the Irish Church was a practical injury to Ireland, on the other hand no impartial person could deny that it was a practical insult to the great majority of the Irish nation. If such an institution were sought to be forced upon the people of Scotland, they would not, as history . showed, stand it; neither would the people of England for a moment • stand any such treatment of themselves. No people with any sense of national honour and self-respect could submit to the Church of onesixth or one-seventh of the country remaining for all time to come the Established Church of their nation. That was a grievance which time would not remove, but, on the contrary, one which, as Ireland grew more educated, more prosperous, and more imbued with a < feeling of self-respect, would become magnified, and would rankle more and more in the minds of her population. Then, he asked, was it consistent with the safety of the empire to allow that Btate of things to continue in Ireland ? He did not exaggerate the importance of Fenianism, but if we were unhappily to be involved in war with America or some other great Power, would, any responsible Minister like England to enter the conflict with one arm tied behind her, as would ractically be her position if Ireland were disaffected? What would E ave been the condition of Prussia if, in her late struggle with Austria, the whole of her Roman Catholic population had been in a state of discontent ? Mr.T^wsoniijiid.pubUGopiniondemandedanhnmediateconsideration of and decision upon this Irish. Church, q>\e8tion. It had been supposed that, owing to the famine arid'to ^Migration, the proportion between .the numbers of, the .differentin. Ireland,had [8 b^,n greatly altered, and it was asserted that the Established Church had made a great number of converts. In 1860, when the Bill for the decennial • census was before the House, his right hon. friend the member for Oxford proposed that returns of the number, of members in each of the religious communions should be included in the b'ensns of Ireland. That proposition was acceded to; and by the census returns of 1861 it appeared that the whole of the members, of the Established Church in Ireland numbered only 693,000 out of a population of 5,500,000. The House had heard a great deal of Pr^estant Ulster; but what did the same census show? That, though the Protestants and the Roman Catholics were nearly equal in Ulster, the Roman Catholics were actually in a small majority. The hon. and learned gentleman the Solictor-General had asked whether the disestablishment of the Irish Church would be a message, of peace to Ulster. Did the hon. and learned gentleman know that the members of the Established Church were only twenty per cent, of the population of that province? In Leinster they were twelve per cent., in Munster five per cent., and in Connaught four per cent. Looking at this .question either as, one of justice or one of, statesmanship, ought the Church Establishment to be maintained in any ones of those four provinces—even in Ulster, where the members of the Established Church amounted to. what was said to be the large figure of twenty per cent.? After the census of 1861 was published, public attention was turned to this question, and recently almost all Roman Catholics of position in Ireland had signed a declaration denying that they were by any means indifferent to the grievance involved in the existence of the Established Church. It could not but be a grievance to Roman Catholics, in a parish where they were numbered by thousands, to see a Protestant clergyman installed as rector, and entitled to treat their priest as an intruder, although the Protestant congregation might be numbered only by tens, or even less. The existence of the Establishment, moreover, introduced a taint of rancour into almost every question that was discussed in Ireland. In case of an election of a surgeon to a dispensary, or a clerk to a union, the question always asked respecting a candidate was whether he were a Protestant or a Roman Catholic, his creed and not his fitness being regarded as the important point. The disestablishment of the Church would not only take away this taint, but would, he believed, be of incalculable advantage to the vitality of the Protestant religion. Indeed, he would not for a moment favour such a measure did he not conscientiously believe that it would, have that effect. The Establishment was associated in the minds of the people with persecution, conquest, and confiscation, and nothing could be more calculated than such a feeling to impede the spread of Protestantism. The House had been warned to beware of alienating the affections of the Protestants of Ulster, but surely this consideration was not entitled to any weight unless jt could be shown that the maintenance of the Establishment was consistent with justice and expediency. If he might venture to address his Protestant fellow- countrymen he would exhort them not to embark in a struggle which could have but one result. Let them not excite the anger and animosity of rival creeds, but let them have confidence in the religion of which they were adherents, and fling aside the artificial supports which, instead of sustaining their Church, had really hindered its healthy and vigorous action. Let them be satisfied with a fair field and no favour, and for his own part he felt convinced that when these supports were withdrawn, the Church would be maintained without difficulty by its own members, and wouldsbe in a more efficient state than it was at present. The duty of Parliament was clear, and the maxim which it was bound to adopt with reference to all religious denominations in Ireland was— " Tros Tyriusve mihi nuUo discrimine agetur.'' Until we acted on that principle we could never expect loyalty, and contentment to prevail among the Irish people. THE Pedestrian Match for £200 a-side, between Cusack and Higgings, came off at Wangaratta on Monday, and was won by the latter. THE disputed financial claims between the New Zealand and Imperial Governments have ; been settled by both parties crying quits. THE Government of Tasmania has appointed an agent to proceed to England to encourage emigration to that colony. " AN instance of the durability of colonial wood," the Hobart T&m; Mercury reports, " has been witnessed at Mr. Robert Walker's mill A water-wheel, constructed of Huon pine, which has been at work on this gentleman's premises for nearly fifty years, has recently undergone examination, and has been found to have suffered little from its lengthy service, being almost as sound as on the day of its erection." WHEN the grave of Griffin, the Rockhampton murderer, was opened by the authorities a few days ago, it was found that in the hand of a corpse there was a flower wrapped in paper. THE CAPE GOLDFIELD.—Several parties of diggers have started from Pochefstroom for the gold-fields. A correspondent writes :— " One party of gold-diggers started from here last week, and two parties from Waterberg, for the gold diggings. The Pochefstroom party was fitted out by the Pochefstroom people, and is under the guidance of Mr. Hartley, who has engaged to point out the place to them, and afterwards go to his usual hunt. Never "was a gold-digging party better organised and fitted out than this. The people are all steady, respectable English or Scotch tradesmen. Amongst them are one experienced Australian digger, one blacksmith, with tools complete, one surgeon ; the remainder steady masons, carpenters, &c.; They have all needful tools aud cradles with them, and are also supplied with gunpowder, and materials for blasting, should they be required. In one word, if gold is there, they will find it. The parties : from Waterburg will proceed to the goldfields closer to Transvaal, not yet visited by Mr. Muuch; so we shall know a great deal more in two or three weeks."—Cape Argus, April 25. 