WALHALLA. (FROM OUR OWN CORRESPONDENT.) Tuesday, 7th January. That section of our local politicians which believe in the legitimate rational progress and advancement of every des- cription of liberty are, up to this moment, showing their devotion to the cause by a masterly inactivity; in fact, one would imagine that nothing political exists to cause any anxiety in the minds of those whoso interests are bound in the pros perity of Victoria. A letter which ap peared in the Times a few days since, signed "Nomimos," caused, by its re marks on a local supporter of the Ministerial policy, some little excitement. It was then partly resolved to form a con stitutional election committee, in order to work on a systematical manner, and to organise an intelligent scheme to return any eligible candidate whose political principles would induce him to advocato such measures as would support this colony, its Constitution, and its Queen, against a faction whose real sim appears subversive of very much that is loyal and true, in order to keep in place, power, pay and patronage, a ministry of doubtful capacity and loyalty. These resolutions were slept upon, and nothing since has I been done to realize the half-formed scheme to which I have referred. The constitutionalists are seemingly content withalittle talk; not s tho the ministerialists. They are actively alert. Not the ghost of a chance of securing a promise of a stray. vote is neglected; Last night ia circular meeting was called by them. I have heard that about 80 attended, and a working committee was appointed. There wiA not be any sleepiness among them ; they have too much at stake, for past miaitoerial friendship has not been incon venient to soma of them, and there is yet a future if they can only keep their friends in office. They say that tlhey are sure of at least 90 votes here. They are working hard, and if their cause wore a loyal one, they would deserve that suo pesa should reward their zeal. lresan time, we, the man whose motto and cry shouldbe the "Queen and Constitution,' are centent to talk only, and do nothing but gently to yield ourselves to the drowsy influnce of "sleepy hollow." I fear that at the awakening hour, we may regret our present inactivity in the disco very that the " Smythites" have been before hand, and secured many a promise of votes, which may be realised in the ballot-box. During the Christmas holidays, on the evening of Sunday, 29th December, and while divine service was going on, two miners entered the building, and were somewhat demonstrative in the loudness of their responses. During the sermon, the Rev. gentleman met with an extra ordinary interruption from one of them. The preacher descanting on the merits of Christ asked, " Will you accept Christ as an ambassador of God," when one of the miners promptly answered him, "I will that, my and." There was apparently no intentional offence in this, as he and his mate deposited each his half-crown in the collection plate; but he was subsequently brought before the magistrate, fined, and cautioned. Golden Fleece Quartz Mining Com pany (Registered).- The contractors working in the lower level of No. 6 have passed into the Golden Fleece ground. The reef is just there very small. North Gippsland Company (Regis tered).-The tributors of the upper work. ings of this mine, last week, crushed about 20 tons, yielding 73 oz. The battery commenced crushing, last Friday, for the Wellesley. At the junction of the Thomson River and Stringer's Creek, there are some men trying the alluvial ground. One of them told me that, having completed the neces sary dams and preliminary work, he thought the ground would pay them 1 oz per vard-about four feet sin'king. I do not 'know if his calculations have been realised, but the Bank of Victoria has lately bought about 16 oz of gold, I think, from the same party of men. Tubal Cain Quartz mining Company (Registered).-The tributors recently sold to the Bank of Victoria 142 oz. 3 dirt., bar gold. 