LOCAL AN]) GENERAL NEWS. At an adjourned meeting hold in the Couneil Clamber last ovelnig to make arrangements for the reception of the Governor on the oerasion of his first visit to Ipswich, the Mayor presiding, a letter was reed from the Governor's Private Secrerary statihg" that dis Eceellency will leave Briubane fur Ipewieh at about 7 o'clock oil the morning of the 27th instant, and proceed to Toowoomba on the 29th, thus reasain-. ing two days and twOnighto inuthis town. A meeting" of the ball committee will take plase at the Oouncil Clsneber, at 2 o'clock this afternoon. Tire Governor's first leree (colled by the Cosrier hie "lI'e") was held in lirinbkne on Wednesday and was well attended. A few Ipswieh residenat presented themselves, but most of our local readers are bottling up their loyalty against the tihe of his Excellency'. visit to the " W'est End." The Yoobhvihle Times of Wednesday last contains an annonnerement test that journal will shortly be pub lished three times instead of only twine a week.. T .he enterbainment given at the School of Arts last evening by Edith Palnaerston (MIrs. Alexander), asaiPted byhes, husband asd Mr. Poownall, sas tolerhbly well attended, and passad oif well. liae eampany -will eommenoe a ols~t series of performansces iin Brie lane oh Monday evening, upon the terminatios of wahich they will again visit Ipswicl. SWe are indebted to tihe Roe. Mr. Base'ly for a :opyS of the ""Report of Proceedings of tim Feirt Syso i of the Branoh of the United Churchl of ]taagloaad sllid .'Ireland intthl diocsse of Brisbane." The lpioamlhlea, ahieh is nicely printed by Mr. Pugla, also ronhisias the y~rseident'a addresses, the Sissnding Orders, the ud drhba of the bishops at tale Loosbeth Coaaference, and the (onetitution and Eleetitn Canons. The two lest, hasrig been amendwt since first proposed, will be found (as 8aally adopted) in our prerent issue. The following is a return of the paying trafic oaa the Southern and Wtern Raihvsy for the week erad lg last Salotrday :--Passengers, £237 8s.; ponels, £58 1Bs. 9d. ;-misesllasoous, £21 Os. 4d.; goods, £728 1e9. Total, £99650i. Id. The report of the Ipswicla Bospital for the week ending on Thlureday is as followv :--iemaining baa! sneek? 7; ?admitted, 3 males, 1 female ; dischoreed, 1 naale, 2 females a; remaining in Iospital, 27 soles, it females; ..ot-door patients, it. -A inteesatin g cricket matcs wss played on thle reserve faeing the Club-hoase on ThIurodoy afterasoon, between eleven Grammar School boys snd a like \- muntberfom theCollegiate School (Sir. Itocler'e) iao S-.stew weeks ago best tlie Natonal Selool eleree. Tlac £rat-mentioned team won easily. Tlc score of thl Cellegiates wa 13 the first iaanings, and 57 stae second; ana than tf that of tlheir opponeants 35 thle first aid 38 :the -5eona, with 3 wickets to fall. Po:. b-oatrSe people are frequenitly blamed for cre -ieaenesi (or something worse) ia the nullaer of eews papera. A cireumstance came under ou05 nsolic tstr \- other day which. shows that the accusation is nuot invariably a jeust one. A copy of tale Quesetslend fisataeSummas-y for Europe for isarcl loost, addressed to agentleman in Ipsawieh, got by soane accident iasto an-English anait bag, and, altihouglh there was ua etampon it0 it was duly received st itas Poot-ollco of the chief town of ulk,B for delivery. Here it sas :marked "Not known-try Queeraslsnd," mid accord " ingly off it started again on its travels, snd after a joeaaey of altogetler over 30,000 ailes, ssfcly rescued . the bends of tbIe gentleman in thsis towNI for wholo it was originally intended. 'The Courier rather friglhtened os isa Tlsursdoy'a lehidiig aitiche by stating that Mr. Moebkenzie wosald that day meet the Bouse to move the prorogations of Parliament. It was the first time in the course of a loi?'and'varied experience thast we Ihad ever heard of a Minister (o7 anybody else) maskiog.aoelh a motion, -.il'?we began to fear that the Laird of Kinellas slsd for 'gotten ahimself. However we were, gsatied so iiad that, whatever unconsaitutional intentions way tome been harbeured by the Premier, the Ilouoe geserously -dsteated them by refusing to nest. Ghost- of lIsos Bains and CaomWELt, what nent? Is the roy-il pre rogative a farme p (Tias soms jourasal yesterday iaa fo grms ms that tble formal dissolution of Porliannscat w will-take place on Thursday aicat. "Ve hardly thsiek eso: at least, if it does not take place sooner, alse course asopted Will be rather an unusual one. Does our ° conte: porary expect ben. meabers to come up like ?" btn =to the €likmblee P~) i":'si h D. .) Gazette having found nmarc'osegg in our .'ar'dydaye moissc, proceeds forthwvitlh to .sotifv thle saase5 and the Couriern like another great goose, es.hoes the 'etle, We are rertaislay not going to diopute eithbb thsr of our Contemporaries as te whether a sle~eclspMe .ca?. happen when the moon is at the •au: :we should haee thought any schoolboy knew eifer; If the astronomical borks in htie Gaeelle'e libriay aseerted what tiae writer says thsey did, all we a as.i that they ricbly deserved whlat they got; but -bnwprk on A rasenomy ever asscrted analhing half so radasuloe.." If the writer had only reflected for a masseant what it is that rouses thle aeoon to be full, he •v esndbhave seen at onem that auy ectipso haappenissg tihenmust, so tar as we are concirned, be ono of tuse moa'nteelf--not of the eun. The railway is progressing rapidly towards Allons. :t?e?bridge over Oambooya Creek, a very large one "indpe, is all but impleted, while the founsdation for he.?sbatson-house and receiving stores are laid--tbI ?r?.lae" on-the Eton Vale side of the creek, tae latter _'bppolte . - n eirge number of men are at work or tspesild thereend -the appendages to such congrega -tensiheo enevitable-sshanties,doing a roaring trade. =:fe;asyten- crresp6ndest of the 0D. D. Gostefie. "." UOfVAltAy.--,Ther e in . nofhlaagof importenes to eepbrtabout tbesa diggings, and it may be presumed, • "thatan the absence of any intelligence to tse aontrsry, 'the asinere es-.ployed there are sstisled witlh tle resulte sahiosotheyobtaan? stew days wilt, nsdoubt, enableohs tejioe more defsait informwtion..---irsice .irgl?s. 