THE COLERAINE SHOW. (fboh the oountAnra AiBioir.) Nothing could hare been more propitious than the state of the weather on Wednesday last where the people of the whole surrounding district flocked into Coleraine to be present at the fifth show of the Coleraine and Western District Pastoral and Agricultural Society. These shows have now become a regular insti tution of the Western district, and in spite of the number of them, each one manages to hold up its head and maintain its ground. It was laid some years ago, when Balmoral, Harrow, Coleraine, and Casterton, defected from the parent society Hamilton, that all of them, including the original one at Hamilton, would become miserable failures; but such has not been the case. The Hamilton Show is little inferior to what it ever was, and in many respects the exhibitions of the more recently formed societies are equal to even Hamilton in its best days. These shows, although they include horses and cattle, and sometimes even agricultural produce, are really mainly exhibitions of sheep. That is the business element of the proceedings. Wool is our staple, and wool-growers get up the shows. And, no doubt, as a matter of busi ness they are most valuable to the sheep breeder by the practical information that can be learnt by the comparison and observa tion of the sheep exhibited. To the general public, probably the horses exhibited are more attractive than the sheep, but although no doubt of very general interest, there is not the same business importance to be attached to them as to the sheep. In the advertised list, however, horses come first, and we will first touch upon that branch. Taken altogether there was no doubt a most unquestionable falling off in the exhibitions of horses. The cause of this will be thoroughly understood when we bear in mind that in pre vious years of this society's shows Mr. George Carmichael's horses always formed so pro minent a feature. So ample and so excellent used to be the Retreat stud, that it could almost turn out a show of its own. Minus this, the horse stock now in the Western dis trict is not equal to the reputation which the district has obtained for horse-breeding. The show of thoroughbred stallions was somewhat meagre. There was our old acquaintance, Mr. F. Henty's Stanley, competing with a trio of youngsters, Mr. F. Henty's Monk, and Mr. Winter's two young King Alfred colts. These two gained both the first and second prize, the former being given to Lottery, who is not only by King Alfred, but also out of a King Alfred mare, a species of breeding which is not very common. Without saying anything for the system we must admit that in this case it has been successful, for Lottery is a beautiful colt, and was universally admired. The thorough bred mares were a poor lot There were six draught stallions shown, but Mr. Winter's old horse, Farmer's Glory, distanced all competi tors easily. The second prize was given to Mr. Edward Henty's Duke. We missed our old friend, Lord Clyde, from the coaching stallion class. For the rest of the horses not much need be said. Mr. Gardiner, of Wando Vale, took the prize for the carriage horses and the buggy horses, the latter with his pretty pair of cream ponies. There were a number of .veiry fair hacks shown. The prize for the weight-carrier was given to Mr. Turnbtill'e well-known horse Tramp, while Mr. Nickoll's Sir Colin (ook the 12st. prize. The single harness horse prize was also given to Sir Colin. In the sheep classes the principal exhibitors were Messrs. Swan, Mackersey, Moodie, E. Hebty, Row.e, tod Gardiner. The honours of the show may ba said to have been pretty well shared by Messrs; Swan and Maokersey, who between them obtained the principal prizes. ThiB number of ebeep exhibited was very large, decidedly larger than 'any we have ever seen before at a Coleraine show. The number of entries were nojewer than 149j&nd; there were very few .empty, pens. Mr. Swan got the prize for ihfe best thrfce rams bf any age, -Mr, Macl^erscy's pen being adjudged the second price, .but from, that - sfcoond" prize pen : the judges took the tehtopion ram of the yard. In class ihrfee, combining staple With size ancl symmetry, Mr. Swan was again successful, Mr. goodie coming in for second' honours. Mr. Swan's prize ewes were, particularly oom mendable. In addition to the ohampion ram Mr. Mackersey got' several of the first-o!a«s prifcpsjiionie with el|eep bred from imported Kaiubouillets, but more generally ,with his oarefully bred Tasmanian sheep, originally frototfj^ilocks of Captain Horton. Mr. S wan's eheep are Australian merinos, with a dash of Gerntyn bloojji, Stieger and Nigretti j but the foreign infusion Js not very apparent jn them.' MivMoodie'e sheep are, pure Australian merino, without any foreign element.? In fine woolled sheep Mr. Henty was successful in only one ?cla^s, whfjn he took first and.eeoond prize, but an the! long .woolled eheep he had it nearly all his own way. Hishalf andthree- quarter bred ?Cheviots attracted a good' deal of attention. The wethers, were as big as ponies, : and were sold, we believe, after the show, at 20i. per -.cw£|«lb though they were beef. The prize for the champion ewe, an animal which was uni 'Vemilly admired, was awarded to Mr. Gardiner ..of "Wattdo Vale, the second prifce in merit being Mr. Moodie's. It is somewhat strange ?thatthese two tewes met.in competition last jyear atCo«terton,being seleoted out of a large, number to compete .for the. champion prize.* The last yearns decision, as to their reSpeotive .merit was reversed by the decision at the pre «8edt;^pyr»< '? ..'.."u". -. ... .. > ©».' judges were for sheep, Messrs. Smith, .of KaaotKik; CameronJ of Btrathdownie; and "Wade, Horses and cattle, Meters. Fether «tonhai)sh, Kerr, Broughton, Hunter, and ?Clibborn. o ^ . ThfeV^marlts attacbed to ebmei of the stock .tare notes umdejit fbe shpw by the judgee. The folio wing is the ofEoial list of prizes s . BOSSES. - ; !;*, qj .1, , . i .... ? ,. li4Pflr;th6 1»st,X>r*aght -fitalliou, £4-Mr. J. P. "Winter"* FinaerViJlory. . . * _2**Ste,the aeoOnd be*t,JudgMf osrtifloato-Mr. B. Henty's Duke.--a AitandaomeSuffolk Puuch. .v«|]i4st4b . .. . 1-For the bmt jtywught Mars, £8-Mr.H. Niokoll's violet.,, , ,, , a^For the second best, jnifces' 4 bertllloate-Jit. Brtd bf vi, .» 8la|iioni J. Olm 4, 1-Cor th« best thoroughbrtd Stood tfars, £3-Mr. ; ^P-jfffoteiVTdrtrew, by --/dam Bdtth by King ' 2-Forthe.seocnd beat, judge*' certificate-Mr. B. Henty's Themis, by Sennit, dam Gipsy by Bobtt Hood. ' <1|.*na {, . 1-For the beat Coaching Stallion, £S-no exhibit. ; Class 41. " 1-For the best Coaching Brood MAW, £2-Mr. W. Swan's bay outre Haggle. CLASS 7, 1-For the best pnir of Carriage Hones, £2-Mr. J, Gardiner s Gin ana Whisky. ? ^ Class 8. 1-For the best pair of Buggy Hones, £2 -Mr. J. Oftidiner s Ghost and Phantom. _I-For the beat Single Harness Horse, £2-Mr. Heniy Niokoli's Sir Colin. CLASS 10. 1-For the beet Hack, up to 15st., £3-Mr. Adam Tumbull'e Tramp, 17 yrs old. 2-For the beat Hack, up to 18st., £2-Mr. Henry Niokoll s Sir Colin. CLASS 11. . 1-For the best pair of Plough Horses, £3-Mr. W. Swan. 3-For seoond best, £2-No prize awarded. EXTRA . STOCK. Entk® pony Toffy, shown by Mr. James Gardiner, of Wando Vale. A very handsome little horse. Entire pony There is no Mistake liim, shown by Mr. W. Swan, of Konoag wootoog. A very i)rettv pony for children. CATTLE. CLASS l. 1-For the best Shorthorn Bull, £2-Mr. W. Swan. 2-For the seoond best, judges' certificate-Mr. B. Henty. CLASS 2. 1-For the best Shorthorn Cow, £2-Mr. W. Lewis. Very handsome. 2-For the second best, judges' certificate-Mr. W. Lewis. Very handsome. CLASS 3. 1-For the beet Hereford Bull, £2-Mr. W. Swan. A good beast, bat in bad condition. 2-For the second best, judges' certificate-No prize awarded. CLASS 4. 1-Best Hereford Cow, £2-Mr. J. R. Winter. 2-For the second beat, Judges' certificated-No prize awarded. CLASS 5. 1-For the best Bull of any breed, £2-Mr. W. Swan. CLASS 6. 1-For the best Cow of any breed, £2-Mr. W, Swan. 1-For the best Fat Ox, fc"2-Mr. Henry NickolL CLASS 8. 1-For the best team of six Working Bullocks, £2 Mr. Charles Bo we. 2-For the Besond best, £1-Mr. Donald Smith. SHEEP. CLASS 1. 1-For the best three fluest woolled Rams of any age, combining closeness and length of staple, £4-Mr. W. Swan. 2-For the second best, £2-Mr. J. Mackersey. 8-For the third beet, judges' certficate-Mr. W. Swan. CLASS 2. .1-For the three finest woolled Ewes of any age, combining closeness and length of Btaple, £3-Mr. J. Mackersey. 2-For the second best, £110s.-Mr. W. Moodie. 3-For the third best, judges' certificate-Air. J. Mackersey. . CLASS S. 1-For the three finest woolled Rams of any age, combining closeness and length of Btaple, with Bize and symmetry, £4-Mr. W. Swan. \- 2-For the second best, £2-Mr. W. Moodie. Sheep of splendid quality. 3-For the thiid best, judges' certificate-Mr. W. Swan. CLASS 4. 1-For the three finest woolled Ewes of any age, combining closeness and length of staple, with size and symmetry, £3-Mr. J. Maukersey. 2-For the second best, £1 10s.-Mr. W. Swan. A beautiful pen. 3-For the third best, judges' certificate-Mr. W. Swan. n CLASS 5. 1-For the three finest woolled four-tooth Rams, combining closeness aud length of staple, with size and eymmetiy,' £4-^Mr. B. Henty. 2-For the second best, £2-Mr. E. Henty. 3-For the third best,judges' certificate. No award. " . CLASS 6. ' 1-For He. three finest woolled fiur-tooth maiden. Ewes, combining closeness and length of staple, with , size and symmetry, £3-Mr. W. Moodie. - \- 2-For the second beat, £110s.-Mr. W. Swan.' 3-For the'third best/judges' certificate-Mr. W. Moodie. ,, ' . . CLASS 7. 1-For the three'finest woolled two-tootli Rams, ! combining closeness and length of staple, £4-Mr. J. - Ma&kbrsey.; - 2-For the'second best, £2-Mr. J. Mackersey. 3-Tor the third beat, judges' certificate-Mr. Charles Bowe. ? CLASS 8. 1-For the three finest woolled two-tooth Bwes, combining closenotB and length Of staple, £3-Mr. W. i Swan. A beautiful pen. 2-For the seoond best, £1 lCs.-Mr. J. Mackersey. 3-For llib third bett, judges' certificate-Mr. W. Moodie. CLASS 9.. 1-For the three finest two-tooth Rams, combining closer ess and length of staple, with size and symmetry, . £4-Mr. J, Mackersey. 2-For the second best, £2-Mr. Charles Bowe. . 3-For the third bast, judges' certificate-Mr. E. Henty. Class 10. 1-For the three finest woolled two-tooth Bwes, com bining cloceuesf and length of staple, with size aud . symmetry, £3-Mr. J. Mackersef. A splendid sheep. 2-For the second best, £110s -Mr. W. tiwan. 8-For the third best, judges' certificate-Mr. W. Moudie. .... .CLASS 11., , 1-For the best three fat Merino Wethers, combining . size with weight and symmetry, £2-Mr. \V. Swan. 2^-For the second best, £1-Mr. James -Gardiner. CLASS 12. , ' 1-For fhe best three, flit Wethers, fit any other breed, £2-Mr. B. Henty. 2-For the seoond best, £1-Mr. 'B. Henty. S-For the third bett, judges' certificate-No award. . (JLASS 13. j 1-For the best two Bν of any other breed than Meiino, £8-Mr. W. Swan, 2-For the second best, XI-Mr. A. TumbulL > CLASS 14. , 1-For the best two Bwes of any other breed than Merino, £2-No award. 2-For the second best, £1-No award. IMPORTED SHEEP. 1-For the best Bam, £4-Mr. D. M'Kellar. A splendid sheep. CLASS 2. 1-For the best Ewe, £3-Mr. J. Mackersey. 1-For the best Merino Ram in the yard, £6 0s. Mr. J. Mackersey. Prise. Mr. Moodie's exhibit being the second best in the yard.- ' 1-For the best Merino Ewe in the yard, - £4-Mr. James Gardiner. Mr. Hoodie's exhibit being the se cond best in the yftrd. 