July 17.-Leichhardt (a.), from Brisbane hy «ur uf Maryborough und Gladstone: 32 )>ickiige<* wince, ejiirite, and beers, 2 caBes cornie, r^tcol ¡ 129 packages sundries, care Barker ; 1 hule, Dougal ; 1 parcel, Simpson ; 7 cases dwpery, lele». Finney, und Co, ; 2 cases con- fectionery, 40 bags maize, rjumnck j 4hhds. ale. Hilt ; 17 puckagos groocrics, Jones und Co. ; 13 pkps. wines A spirits, Kennedy ; 1 case, Hemmant »nd Stewart ; 1 case, Reid ; 2 bellows, 2 forge birks, 12 casus j<uns, Palmer ; 1 hag, Moran ; 2 bags nica!, If. JonesJ 1 case, Slater ; 1 pircol, .Affleck; 1 cask black lead, Gibbs and Uo.¡ 1 hoi, Parkinsan ; trackage belts, Flanagan ; 30 bags maize. Cooked Co. ; lease, Kllis Bros.; Î cass, M'Nuughten 1 \>nrco\, Slater ; 1 parcel. Pybus; 1 parcol, Mcikle and Stewart; 4 packages, Harbour Master; 2 packages, Paterson and Co. ; 2 packages, Watson ; 2 packnges, Bardsley ; 1 parcel, Johnson ; 3 bundles hooping, Berkelmnn and Co. ; 1 Sackage furniture, Daly ; 158 pieces timber, lertram ; 1415 pieces timber, Grant ; 30 bags maize, 8 bags oysters, Order. ' The Leichhardt, with the English mail on hoard, left Brisbane at 2 p.m. Tuesday ; arrivod at Marlborough st 3 p.m. on Wednesday ; left ut. ll a.m. Thursday; made Gladstone nt 730 a.m. yesterday ; loft at IO 30 a.m., and berthed at the wliaf at 830 p.m. Experienced fresh S.K. find S. winds, with heavy seas from S.E. The Black Swan left Sydney on Thursday for Ma»y borough. PER ELECTRIC TELEGRAPH.-Keppel Bay, July 17-Leichhardt, steamer, at3.25 p.m. from Gladstone; 16-Hamlet's Ghost, yacht, for Bowen. Bowen, 17-Boormerang, steamer, from Gladstone. Broadsound, 17-Tinonee, steamer, at 8 a.m. for Mackay. Maryborough, 17- James Paterson, steamer, at 9-15 a.m. from Sydney. Brisbane, 16- Clarence, steamer, from Rockhampton. Sydney, 16-Black Swan, Alpha, for Maryborough. Th» s B. Black Swan, a well known steamer in the Victorian water*, hes been purchased by tho A.f.N. Company specially for supplying the requirements of the- Northern trade, for which purpose slic is so admirably adapted, combining, ns eho d'ies, large carrying capacity on a very light draught of water, and commodious accom- madation for a large number of passengers. rHie will leave Melhourne on Wednesday, 8th instant, with passengers for the Northern gold- field, railing at this port en route.-S.ll. Herald, July 0. Tho Newcastle vessels havo seldom anything beyond tho simplest routine duty to report, but the nresent voyage of the Fairfield from New- castle to Adr-hide luis been replete with incident, though unfortunately of a rather painful chaneter. On June 9, the master was below nt ten, when nn uproar on deck started him through the companion, nnd as the cry of" Man overboard" WSB raisod, he saw n poor fellow struggling in the water as he dropped astern. A life-buoy was thrown, and tho enilmBkcr's ticnch followed ns the ship came instantly to the wind. Although in a heavy sea the boat was lowered, and absolutely nucoreded so well in finding the position that they brought on board the life-buoy and bench, but could not see a sign of the mar-, who waa inevitably drowned. He belonged to Melbourne, and waB named Fred. Arden. He is spoken of by the captain as a good seaman, who has boen in tho vessel for over six months. This sad accident was not the only casualty of the passage, for on tho 17th, when oft" Cape Northumberland, it blew a hard gale, in which tlie vessel laboured heavily, and a seaman named Henry Hydar was at tho helm, when n more than usually severe lurch threw him down in euch a position that as the wheel whirled round the stokes atruek his side, and broke his ribs, while six spokes were knocked out of the wheel by the concussion.-S. A., Uegisttr, June 23. On Saturday morning, April 25, while the royal mail stearne- Australasian was proceeding up the Channel from Queenstown for Liverpool, and when abreast Holyhead, elie came suddenly into collision with tho screw steamer Isle of Arran, nnd ran her down, going right over her. TJi? IBIO of Arran had taken refuge in Holyhead harbour through stress of weather, and she wes proceeding to Newport to take in a cargo of coils when the unfortunate occurrence took place. She had just comeoutofthe harbour, and tba Australasian was passing close in on the land, lt is said that the Isle of Arran had no masthead lights up, and the look-out man in the Australasian could not see h°r side lights. As soon ns the accident was obterred, a boat, under the charge of Mr. Loudon, the second officer, wa« sent off from tho Australasian to tho relief of the men who were in the water, and two were saved. Theso were the chief mate and the man at the wheel belonging to the Isle of Arran, who apparently hod seen the rapid approach of the mail steamer and had jumped into the water. Fire men (including the captain) were drowned. The two mon who were saved were taken to Liverpool in the Australasian.-Home News, May 2. Captain Richard Steohens, the commodore of tlie Southampton and Isle of Wight Mail Com- pany's 6eet, fell overboard and was drowned at Cowes, on Saturday, April 26.-Home News, May 2. The ship Princess Alexandra, of tho Black Ball line, which was signalled off Capo Otway on Wednesday lest, arrived in the Bay on Satur- day from Liverpool after a somewhat lengthy pastage. The protracted voyage is scarcely a matter of surprise, as the ship, in addition to the generally light weather prevalent through- out the greater part of the voyage, ie deeply laden, and hnB come into port with over twenty three hundred tone of cargo. Tho Princess Aleiañdra sailed from the Mersey on February 13, and the only heavy weather she was destined to encounter on the voyage was fallon in with three days after leaving port. 9 he gale is de- scribed as being absolutely terrific; the wind raging with more than hurricane force, and at- tended by a mountainous «er, quite appalling io its magnitude, and giving rise to no small con- sternation among the passengers. During the gale the decks were flooded ; the whole of the livo etock, pigs, fowls, etc., with hencoops, houses, mid all washed overboard, and tlie cabins were also inundated to some extent-there being at one lime a depth of three or four feet of water in them. During the hoigth of the tempest, the boatswain unfortunately sustained personal injury, and had three of his ribs broken. -Argüí, June IB. j 