THE WEEK'S NEWS. The English Mail.—The English mail close? on Wednesday, Oct. 14. Letters may be posted up till 11 o'clock, those with the extra fee of 6d. until 11.50, and those with the extra of 91. until 12 o'clock* Newspapers are to be posted before 9 o'clock, with the exception of Summaries, which may he posted by publishers up till 11 o'clock. Telegraphic AGENcr.—We believe that Mr. E. M. Meyer, who for a long time assisted the late Mr. W. H. Flood as telegraphic agent in Ade laide for the Argus and Sydney Morning Herald, has been appointed to represent those journals in this city. Accident at the Port.—A little fellow, about seven years of age. named James Gordon, met with an awkward accident at the Port on Monday. He was leaning over the lower rails of the fencing near the Flagstaff steps, when lie fell over upon the steps and sustained a very severe cut across the chin. He was immediately carried to Dr. Gething's, who dressed the wound. The Boat Accident at Port Wakefield.— Considerable anxiety was felt here on Saturday afternoon (says our Port Wakefield correspon dent) on account of the news brought by one of the hands of the ship Caranjah that the ship's boat, with Captain Clarke aud three men on board, had capsized coming from the ship. It apoears that the boat, with fore and-aft sails set, left the vessel (whic i is lying anchored seven miles from the creek) about 8 a.m. Shortly after leaving a strong northerly wind sprung up, when the captain ordered two reefs to be taken in; but in tacking against the wind a sudden puff or squall caused the boat to capshe in about 12 feet of water. Effort was immediately made by throwing out the ballast to bring her up, but without effect. At the time of the accident, about two hours after leaving the vesse', Captain Clarke noticed that the house-flag on the ship was lowered, which circumstance caused him to think that the accident had been observed on board, and he expected that assistance would speedily be rendered. The accident could not, however, have been noticed, for no assis tance came, and after some time Captain Clarke requested two of the hands to swim ashore (about half a mile) and seek assistance, which ivas done. After the two men got ashore they looked towards the boat, but could only see a portion of it, and could not observe the c iptain or the sea man, neither of whom it appears could swim. The two men made all the haste they could to reach the port, walking barefoot aloug the coast, a dis tance of six or seven miles, but it was 3 o'clock before they arrived to give the information. A boat's crew, consisting of the men employed by Mr. Joseph Stone in the deepening operations, immediately nut off, and the men employed by Mr. Richard Honey at the wharf asked permission of Mr. Ronald, overseer under the Marine Board. to have the use of their boat, which was refused under the plea that he wanted to take it down to Port Adelaide by the schooner Crest of the Wave, then about sailing. Mr. Henry Stone, Trooper Campbell, and one of the men belonging to the ship, obtained a small boat belonging to Mr. Malcolm, and immediately put off, both boats keeping close round the coast. About two hours after they had started a horseman brought the welcome news that he had passed tbe captain of the ship and the seaman walking aloDg the coast. it seems tuat alter tne two seamen leis captain Clarke could see no cbance of being rescued from bis dangerous position until the tide began to flow, which occurred at 3 o'clock, and drifted the boat into shallow water, by which means they got ashore in safety and walked to the port. Directly Mr. Fergusson, the miller, heard of the accident he put his horse in the trap and met Captaiu Claike with the seaman and took them to his bouse. Mr. John Anthony, so soon as he heard of the acci dent, saddled a hoise and went some miles along the coast; but missed seeing those he was in search of. The Crest of the Wave, Captain Mortess, went considerably out of its course in trying to And the ship's boat, and at dusk appeared to be tacking towards the Caranjah to give the information. All here (with one exception) 6eemed to vie with each other in doing all they could to render assistance. Trooper Campbell and crew returned about dusk, having walked some miles. They found the wind too strong to row against, and resolved to land and walk, but they were not successful in finding the ship's boat, which it is conjectured must have sunk at high tide. Lit will be seen that an explanation of the reason for Mr. Ronald's refusal of a boat in his charge was stated at the Marine Board meeting, and that the Wardens were satisfied that the boat would have been of no service. We, however, give our correspondent's report as it reached us.—En. |. Hamlet Uun Club.—The monthly meeting of this Club was held on Saturday last, the 3rd inst, at Glanville Hall, the residence of the Hon. John Hart, Chief Secretary, Yice President of the Club. The Club is restricted to 20 members, all of whom were present, and, after having done justice to an excellent lunch, kindly provided by the host, retired to the firing ground. The firing on this occasion was for the first event—the Club Champion Cup, which, according to the rules, was to be won twice absolutely by a member before the cup could become his property; at each meeting the ties to be fired ofi', and highest scorer to be the champion until the next firing. Seventeen members entered, who, by His Excellency the President's instiuc tions, were told ofi' in two companies, the second company scouting while the first were firing. The match was at five birds, £1 yards rise, and the scores in many instances were excellent. It was arranged that aft' r the first score of five was made a member missing a biid should withdraw, as no tie touid then be made by him for a first position. The scoring was as follows FIBST COMPANY. G. J. Allardice, 50th Regiment 11011 4 Hon. R. B. Andrews ... _ 1100 dr. Captain Clarke, EOth liegiment lllll 5 Captain Fyler, 50th Regiment lllll 5 AHalljun lllll 5 His Excellency Lieut.-Colonel Hamlev, 50th Regiment 1110 dr. Hon. John Hart 100 dr. John Hart, jun. lllll 5 Dr. Harrison 001 dr. SECOND COMPANY. J. C. Hawker 10 dr. Hon. J Hodgkiss 1110 dr. Alex. McLeod lllll 5 John Newman lllll 5 Dr. C. OweD, 50th Regiment 0 dr. Fred. J. Sanderson lllll 5 G. H. Turner, 50th Regiment 10 dr. Seven members having gathered their five birds each, the firing of the ties commenced, consider able excitement prevailing, and many bets being made as to the winner, some backing the 50th officers, others the civilians, among the latter being Mr. Alex McLeod, the winner of the Hamley Cup. Every member having grassed his birds in excel lent style in the previous firing, no one could he nameu as first .favourite; but from the known steady firing of Messrs. J. Newman and A. McLeod at previous meetings, it was thought one or other would be the victor. The result, how ever, proved otherwise, Mr. Fred. J. Sanderson grassing his five birds cousecutively in admirable fashion. TIES. Captain Clarke, 50tli Regiment 1110 3 Ciptain Fyler, 5'Jth Regiment 10 1 A. Hall, jun 10 1 John Hart, jun 0 0 A- McLeod 110 2 John Newman 11110 4 Fred. J. Sanderson 11111 5 In the above shooting Captain Clarke's fourth bird, though very hard hit, fell three yards outside the bounds; and Mr. A. Hall's second bird fell one yard outside. Owing to these unfortunate circum stances the two gentlemen lost their chance. On the declaration of the score three cheers were given for Mr. Sanderson, who now holds the cup until the next meeting, when should his score arain prove the highest it will become his absolute property. Messrs. Sanderson and J. Harr, jun., fired with pin cartridge breech-loaders; the re mainder of the competitors with muzzle loading guns. Mr. J. Fisher, M.P., ac'ed as scorer, Air. H. Gawler as umpire. Several designE for the cup were submitted to the Club; the one approved is by Mr Firn'haber, of Hindley- street. During the firing there were light winds and a cloudy sky, and the weather could not have been more propitious, especially as a stormy north gale had been blowing all the morning, accompanied by the usual clouds of dust. The Mackebeth Mining Company.—A special general meetiDg of the Alackereth Alining Com pany was held at the Company's offices, No.!), Hindley-stieet, on Tuesday afternoon. October 6. Mr. J. F. Botting presided. The Directors were authorized to purchase or otherwise acquire all or part of Section No. 285, in the Hundred of Noarlunga, and sell or otherwise dispose of all or any portion of this land. Alessrs. W. Ey, A. Thomas, and G. Ford (of Melbourne) reported having made several assays, which ranged from a trace of silver to 21 ozs. 11 dwt3. and 5 grains to the ton. Specimens of gossan were exhibited, showing the quality of the deposits at the mine. Distbict Chairmen's Association. — The annual meeting of the District Chairmen's Associa tion was held at the Norfolk Arms on Tuesday, October 6, when there was a largeatteudar.ee. Mr. Win. Easther was elected President in place of Mr. T. Playford, M.P., who Tetired, and Mr. W. H. Gray elected Viie- President. An animated dis cussion took place in reference to the proposal of the late Government to discontinue the grants in aid to District Councils, and eventually a deputa tion, consisting of the President, Vice-President, Messrs. S. Randell. F. R. Hunt, H. Warren, R. Paterson. F. Basedow, A Be!], Farrow, and Dr. Burton, waited upon the Commissioner of Crown Lands (Mr. Townsendrat Parliament House. After hearing several of the members, he assured them that it would be the last direction m which he would look to make a reduction, and that personally he would prefer adopting further means of securing sufficient revenue to adopting such a course. As, however, he had not had an opportunity of con sulting his colleague, he could not state what was the policy of the Government on the subject at | tnat time. The deputation having thanked the Commissioner withdrew; and on returning to their place of meeting some other business of less im- | portance was transacted. Air. H. Warren, Port I Gawler. was nominated for election as a member I of the Central Road Board, in the event of Mr. J Lverard's lesignation. VVe are compelled to hold over our report of the proceedings. Dishonoured Bills. — In the information i published in l&dt; week's Observer in reference to the systems at present adopted by the various j Banks for the notification of dishonoured bills, some misapprehension seems to have arisen so far | as regards the Bank of Adelaide. No change has j yet been made in the practice of that Bank, but as ■ it is so obviously important that some recognised uniform system should prevail, we apprehend that thequestion cannot remain in its present uncertain position, but must form the subject of speedy dis cussion and adjustment. Colonial Workmanship.—On Monday we were shown a model in cardboard of the Scotch Thistle . Inn, North Adelaide, constructed by Mr. J. H. Herring for the landlord, Mr. Hiiton, who intends sending it to England. Its dimensions are about 3 feet by 2 feet (5 inches, aud it is on a scale of -5 of an inch to the foot. Everything is exceedingly complete, all the parts being coloured as they appear in the original. In the street are various vehicles and pedestrians which are capitaliy executed. Kent Town Jubilee Church.—Mr. T. G. Waterhouse liberally sent out £iC0 by the last English mail as a contribution towards the cost of the transept schoolroom at the Kent Town Wesleyan Jubilee Church. Fquitv Court.— The Primary Judge sat in Equity on Monday. Nothing was done of any importance except the allowance of a demurrer in the case of Montefiore v. Eakcr and Others, no one appearing for the plaintiff. Military Basd.—It is understand that, as on ast Sunday, the fife and drum band lately formed n connection with the detachment of the military stationed here will play in going from the barracks in the forenoon to Trinity Church, andon returning from service. Mr. Brierly, the Artist.—It will be interesting to our readers to learn that Mr. firierly has had the honour of submitting his sketches to the Prince of Wales. The sketches were taken at sea and in various parts of Australia while Mr. Brierly was travelling with H.B.H. the Duke of Edin burgh, The Royal Agricultural and Horticultural Society.—The usual monthly meeting of the above Society was held on Friday, October 2, in the Society's office, Register-Chambers. There was a good attendance, the President (the Hon. J. Baker, M.L.O.) occupying the chair. A con siderable amount of business was transacted. A report of the proceedings, including a deputation which waited upon the Chief Secretary relative to the claim of the Society against the Government for improvements, &e;, effecte 1 in connection with the Show in November last, will be found in another column. Semaphore Telegraph Station.—Workmen are engaged in making an embankment round this st tion to prevent the foundations from being undermined by the drifting sand. It is to be regretted that the whole of the reserve is not fenced in and covered with silt, for until that is done the utmost difficulty will be found in keeping the Government buildings in order. Church Anniversary.—Anniversary services were conducted in the High-street Congregational Church, Kensington, od Sunday, October 4. The Rev. J. GibsoD, of Angaston, Congregational minister, preached in the morning from Zecbariah iiL 4, and in the evening from Acts li. 26; there being a good attendance on both occasions. In the afternoon Mr. H. S. Earl,- M.A., delivered an address to a crowded congregation, on " The Love of Christ." The collections made during the course of the day realized £10 9s. On Monday evening the tea and public meeting took place. A large concourse of persons sat down to an excellent and bountiful tea, kindly provided by the ladies. At the public meeting which followed there was a still larger attendance, the building being crowded to suffocation. The Roil. Thomas Reynolds, M.P., j presided, the platform containing, in addition, the Revs. H. Cheetham, E. Griffiths, H. J. Lam bert, and J. H. Williams. The interior of the church was tastefully adorned with evergreens, &c;, and the eastern wall over the platform was set off with an ornamental transparency, " God is our helper." After an introductory address by the Chairman, the pastor of the Church, the Rev. Mr. Cheetham, read the report, from which it appeared that the building had been opened 19 years, of which (he present pastor had presided over it 17 years. During the past year there had been several new members, whilst there weie a few defections, the number of members being one less than last year. Upwards of 101 children were on the Sunday school books, the average attendance being aoout 90; the teachers numbered 14. Not withstanding tbe general depression, the funds during the year were considerably in excess of pre vious years. Several liberal contributions had been made to facilitate repairs to the building by persons unconnected with the congregation, to whom be ex pressed his warmest thanks. The total sum raised during the twelve months amounted to £337 ISs. 2d., or £112 43. more than the previous year. The only debt that existed amounted to £4 14s., for repairs to platform, &c.; (In the motion of the Rev. Mr. Griffiths, seconded by the Rev. Mr. Lam bert, the report was adopted. The Rev. J. Gibson then gave his promised lecture on "The Scottish Covenanters. The rev. lecturer, in an interesting and instructive address, which contained a large mixture of tbe humorous and pathetic, described the persecution of the Scotch on account of their belief during the Stuart dynasty up to the expulsion of James 11. A collection made during an interval in the lecture realized £6 5s„ raising the total sum to £16 lis. The proceedings, which were enlivened by a selection of sacred music excellently rendered by the choir, closed with votes of thanks to the rev. lecturer, ladies, choir, Chairman, &c.; Temperance.—A temperance meeting in con nection with the South Australian District of Recliabites was held in the Wesleyan Chapel, Finniss Point, on Thursday evening, October 1; Mr. Charles Farrow in the chair. -Addresses were delivered by Messrs. H. Inglis and E. Alcock to a very large audience. At the close a Tent, No 31, called the Sons of Promise, was duly opened by D.S. Alcock, assisted by P.O.R. Frith, of Kapunda; John Kelly, Riverton; H. Inglis, Swiacer, Stead, Gant, Gel I, and Flavel, of Navan. The D.S. reed the d.spsnsation, and declared the Tent duly opened. The following officers were elected and installed: —Thos. Smith, P.C.K.; C. Farrow, C.R.; H. Inglis, D.R.; TV". Gluyas, Secretary; Messrs. Swincer and Flavel, Stewards; Stead, Levite; Gant, Guardian; and Gell, Treasurer. The usual business being concluded the Tent then closed. Kapunda Post-office.— The contractors for the new Post-Office in this town have of late (says the Herald) been pushing on vigorously with the woik, and the building has now begun to assume an appearance which promises that no very lengthy period will elapse before it will be available for tbe purposes for which it has been constiucted; indeed, we understand that all but the painting will be finished this week. Mr. Galbraith.—The Government have granted Mr. Galbraith. Inspector of Sheep, three months' leave of absence without salary. A Lottery on the High Seas.—Mr. Hugh Peck proposes to attempt to evade the law against lotteries in a somewhat novel manner; but whether the success of the attempt will correspond to the originality of the idea js very doubtful in deeed. He informs his shareholders that he has | chartered a steamer to leave the Queen's Wharf on Thursday morning, and after giving shareholders a free passage to Bass's Straits, the drawing is to take place on the high sea. Haw Mr. Peck con siders that his so doing will relieve him from liability on the ground of "establishing'" a lottery is more than we are at present able to understand. —Argus. The Volunteers.—The usual parade of the volunteer infantry was held on Saturday after noon. About 12J men were present, and they were exercised 011 the parade ground for two hours and a half by Colonel Biggs, Lieut.-Colonel Mayo and Major Baker also being present. Previous to the drill the monthly meeting of the cfficcrs ! took place at the Staff-Office. There was no busi j ness of any pa request of Madame Carandini's for the patronage of the officeis and members of the force for one of her concerts was complied with, and an evening was fixed. Several of the officers called attention to the worn-oat condition of many of the uniforms ! of their men, who presented a very seedy ap ] pearancc, and expressed a hope that the matter would be attended to. i The A Luanda Silver Mine. —Mr. Ey has returned from a visit to Melbourne, where he has been engaged on business connected with the Almanda Mine. He has ordered some macliinery for the amalgamating processes at the mine, which it is expected will enable the proprietors not only to put through a larger quantity of ore per week, but also to conduct the process more economically than heretofore. If their expectations are realized as to the new plant a further supply will be at once ordered, so as to enable about 201) or 250 tons of ore to be dealt with every week. We may state, as throwing some light upon the prospects of i our silver mining ventures, that the Mount Arnot ' Mine in Victoria is now being worked at a profit, ! although the yield of ore to the ton is only seven ounces. It should, however, be borne in mini that that is accomplished by means of very com plete machinery, under the direction of an ex perienced Californian mining captain. On Satur day a report gained currency that information had : been received from Melbourne that an assay of I Almanda silver had proved that th; re was gold in 1 conjunction with it, and that the result would be j consllerably to enhance the price per ounce obtain- 1 able fur it. The Potosi Mine.—The crushingof five tons of ore obtained from the lode on the Potosi property ■ has been commenced at Mr. Wentzel's yards. The operations are under the supervision of Captain I Henckel, and the stuff closely resembles that I found on the Almanda Company's property. Bail way TuAtFic.—The traffic on the South I Australian Rail ways for the week ended September I 26 was:—Port Line—Passengers, 4,312; fares, £176 j Is. 4d.; goods, £85 17s. lid. Noith Line—Pas- ' eengers, 1,501; fares, £329 Us. 9J.; goods, £975 Os. Cd. Total, £1,58613i. lOd. M. Chevalter's Paintings.—A scene in the valley of Terewakau is the subject of an oil paint ing executed by M. Chevalier, in continuation of the series of pictures he has produced illustrative of the physical features of New Zealand. The point of view chosen is a mountain spur over looking a heavily-timbered valley from six to eight miles broad, through which winds the sinuous river from which the valley has derived its name. Ou the opposite side rises a mountain, magnificent in bulk and outline, with the snow encrusting its pinnacles, and wreaths of mist hovering about its enormous flanks. In the foreground some beech trees, garlanded with the fantastic tendrils and foliage of the supple jack, constitute a charming framework for the distant landscape, which, in the subdued brightness of its colour, and the tender softness of the atmosphere, recalls to recol lection the mountain scenery of the Tyrol. M. Chevalier has also on his easel two brilliant little souvenirs of the Lake of Geneva, bearing the same relation to his larger compositions which the lyrics in Tennyson's " Princess" do to the poem itself.—A rg us. Fools and theib Monet.—That fools and their money run the risk of being parted was shown the other day (says the Talbot Leader) in the case of an inebriate named Stanley, who was observed, while in a state of maudlin drunkenness, to give away a quantity of money to a number of children by whom he was surrounded. Constable Rourke, who was on duty at the time, with a view to prevent his becoming a prey to children of a larger growth, very properly removed him to the lock-up, where the wi-doin of this proceeding was evinced by a sam of net less than £1,560 in gold, notes, and deposit receipts being found in his pos j session when searched. | Nine Lives Lost in Pleasure Boating.— The Pon'i/pool Free Press of July £5 contains lengthened particulars of a disaster which occurred ! to a pleasure-party boating on a pond near that i town, the resultof which was the loss of ninelives, ! one of the drowned being a young lady. Miss I Fanny Ion, niece of Mrs. S. II. Bosisto, of Strath albyn. The party of ladies (some very young) and gentlemen had been out, and were returning, when a leak was discovered. They shrieked for help, and a boatman put off, and on liis nearing them all turned towards him, causing both beats to capsize, and ending in the death of Luke Jasper, the boat man wlio came to save them, a man about SO years of age, who leaves a widow and family. The females appear to have become so excited at the : danger which threatened them that all self-control was gone, and they paralysed the energies of those who strove to save the 14 who were in the boat. By tliis sad accident a number of the most influen tial families were bereaved. More African Exploration.—The English correspondent of a Cape paper writes" The new African exploring expedition comes out to you by this steamer. It has been fitted out in Dublin. It has been organized by Captain Faulkner, who first proposed it, and Captain Norman, late of the i 8Jth Kegiment, who, as he writes to the Express \ I on the subject, without a moment's hesitation, ex- j pressed his desire to accompany his old friend. Captain Faulkner explains in his letter that he felt I regret at being able to explore only a few miles of lake Nyassa when engaged in the Livingstone ' Search Expedition in September last, and that he resolved to return at some future period. He is | also accompanied by Captain Casement, late of the | 14th Regiment; Captain Gibbons, late of the 56th Regiment; and Mr. Perrin, an engineer in the shipbuilding yard of Messrs. Walpole, Webb, and Bewley. Two other gentlemen had promised to joiu the party, but at the last moment de clined. A pretty little steam yacht, ingeniously constiucted, lias beeu built for the party by Messrs. Walpole, and was launched on May 21. It is intended to be used in pursuing the exploration : of Lake Nyassa, from the point where Dr. Living I stone was last heard of. The keel of the minia | ture steamer was laid on the day of the landing of i the Priuce and Princess of Wales. She is named ! the Faugh-a-Ballagb, and Capta'n Faulkner says i of herThe boat is now ready for us, which is a credit to her Irish builders, both for the rapidity ! ami perfection of their work, is a curiosity well I woitli seeing, and I have not a shade of doubt that I she is well suited for the navigation of the rivers Rliire and Z unbrzi. as well as the stormy Lake of 1 Nyassa, and that ho difficulty will he experienced in carrying her past the cataracts. The following j are her dimensions :—Length, 50 feet; beam, 11 ; feet 6 inches; depth moulded, 5 feet 6 inches. She j is put together in sections, consisting of 75 sec ; tious, with over 8,000 bolts and nuts, tier engines ; are eight horse- power, and she will be propelled 1 by one of Griffith's three-bladed propellers. Every : thing for the expedition has been provided in i Dublin. The party, on their arrival at Natal will charter a vessel to take them to the mouth of the Zambesi, and thence tliey will follow the track of ; the late expedition. Their first object will be to reach the extreme north, where they hope to hear ; of Livingstone should he have abandoned the idea ' of combig down the Nile, and perhaps be on liis j way to Zanzibar." Evangelistic Labooe Among Working Men i IN London.—The Mount Gambler Standard has i the subjoined paragraph condensed from the Revival, probably supplied by our lecal corre i spondent, who is a brother of the gentleman : herein named. Mr. Varley, S.W., atKapunda, is , also another of this celebrated preacher's brothers, ! and the following, for this and other reasons, will > have a local interestMr. H, Varley, of the ! Notting hill Free Tabernacle, London, appears to j be doing a great and good work, according to the : Revival. In four yeais the number of members | has been Taised to 54:1, and the day and Sunday ; schools connected with this Tabernacle number about 500 children. This Church is essentially a 'people's Church,' and contains the largest number of working men of any Church kuown in England. In conseauence of the large measure of su.cess which has attended Mr. Varley's work at Notting lilli, it is proposed to build a larger place, to ' accommodate 4,00 • ptrsous, and including a suite ■ of six large rooms, fitted up something like railway waitiug-rooms, forclasses and week-night meetings, \- and in the day time they are to be supplied with ! suitable papers, books, &c.; On Wednesday, May ' 27, a meeting was held at the Tabernacle in aid of 1 the movements, when Mr. Varley gave a detailed I statement of expected progiess and work. In j the course of his address he asked 'why should ; the world, for mere money gain, adapt its hold upon the people so successfully, aud not the Church? Cheerful, bright, comfortable, and lioly, the people should see that religion was not the fonir.il lifeless tiling tliey imagined it. The , Church was 10) years behind her time; bat it was no use to chide, they must show a better way. lie felt that many of the efforts to reach working men had deservedly failed. The meetings weregenerally ; held in some ill-furnished, badly-ventilated scliool • room—a nice introduction to the charms of the Gospel. Imagine a shopkeeper aiting on this principle! Again, many gatherings of working men were simply lionizing occasions for the glory ' of the promoters, who nivlttd their friends to see j the li 'tis feed. Fancy the Lord owning such j efforts, or the men doing other than despise their I patron izers. But the worst feature was the melan : choly stiffness of the speaking, and the haut ton I of the grandees. If such efforts did not fail they j ought to do.' The cost of the proposed new erec ; tious.will he about £15.000, of which £2.000 is : already raised. Hitherto Mr. Varley has borne ! personally an outlay of more than £3,000 in prose ! cuting his wotk, and has never sought outside aid. ; Now, however, that it has so largely outgrown its j dimensions, lie appeals to all Christians, and ! especially friends of working men, for help; and it 1 is satisfactory to know that the necessary assis : tance is likely to be forthcoming/' Denominational Literature.—From the latest number of the Southern Cross and Catholic Herald we notice that it has reached the beginning of its second year, and the opening article, " Ourselves," speaks of difficulties and successes. This organ is stated to have aciicuiation now of 2,000 copies, and £300 to £400 have been disbursed in printing, publishing, and ctlier expenses during the first 1 year. We learn that Dr. iShiel was to sail by the St. Leonards, expected here at the end of October. He will have with him four priests, sevtu nuns, five choir nuns, and two lay sisters. In addition to the usual mass of European news, the Papal Bull, convening a General Council, is given entire. The leader, which speaks of the necessity for and the results expected to flow from the convoking of the Oecumenical Council, is cer tainly sufficiently outspoken when it says, "'ihe gigantic Satanic fraud of Protestanism is spread out and subdivided into the most unmeaning pro- fessious of a God somewhere, and is meanwhile hopelessly drifting into the merest Deism." Inter colonial and South Australian intelligence, with ; passages from Dr. Littledale's (a Church of Eng land clergyman) Lecture on Innovations, headed , " A. Protestant View of the Reformation," and : other extracts, make up a large amount of fading matter well printed and arranged. : The October issue of the organ hi the Australian Colonies of the Christian Disciples, the Pioneer, continues No. 3 of a report of Mr. H. S. Earl's visit t) New Z-aland. The articles are on "Pure | Speech," "Devotion to Christ," "Infant Bap ' tism," and "State Support to Romanism," the latter referring mainly to American educational affairs. Shoit extracts come next on various religious topics, with poetry, and transferred essays, in addition to South Australian and Victorian denomination d items. By the way, in the acknow ledged paragraphs of general news at the close, there is one quoted from the Register anent the Methodist New Connexion Bazaar, which ends ' with several questions we could not have con sidered it our province to ask at any time, as religious inatteis we report, but do not discuss. The error is an awkward one, of course unintentional, and arises from the word Regis cr being wrongly placed. Truth and Progress for October lias as its opening article No. 2 of a series of papers entitled "llomish Errois," "The Supremacy of Peter contrary to the Teaching of the New Testament," the first of which appealed in September. Then foliow "Christ's Coming," a sermon by the Rev. W. O. Ashton; an article on "Christian Baptism," by the Rev. J. M. Day. of Mount Gambier; and " What is the Gospel?" by the Rev. J. Price. Religious int Iligenee. immersionR. and general news foliow, the latter evidently added to give the also received No. S of the Primitive Methodist periodical a free postal circulation. We have Record (new series), edited by ihe Rev. J. G. Wright. It is neatly got up, and in addition to a large number of circuit plans and a goodly amount of connexional intelligence—the reception of the Rev. J. Goodwin taking a foremost place—there is also an article on "The Ator.cmen"A Tempe rance Dialogue," and some excellent extract matter. Rain at Outalpa.—We received, through the courtesy of Mr. Todd, the Superintendent of ! Telegraphs, the following message" At Oatalpa ■ the rain for September, four days, was 1'068. The j mailman reports rain commencing at midnight on Saturday last." Northern Weather and Station News.—A j gentleman, writing on October 2 from a station j near Moolooloo, Far North, says:—"Shearing is ! progressing favourably. We have had very tvmdy ! weather till within the last few days, which have j been close and sultry, and likely for a change. A | short time back there was a little rain about here j and Blinman, while in other parts not far distant j there was not enough to obliterate tracks. Here ; the grass is green, though short; in other parts green | grass is utterly unknown. Weather threatening." Our Melrose letter of October 5 says: —'" On several occasions during the past mouth we have been i favoured with fine eopious showers of rain, adding | very materially to the general growth and luxu riance of our surrounding fields and pastures. Most of the stations in this neighbourhood are very busily employed with their shearing just now, of which the Jong lines of wool-drays that are to he met with in almost every direction afford ample proof. The clip of this year is generally considered good and clean, being in many instances almost entirely free from dust or sand, which we hope may give to some extent an upward tendency to the next wool sales." From Blinman we have our correspondent's letter, dated October 5, stating that a " hot and dusty day on Saturday last was followed by a nice shower of r- in during the night. The weather of the past few weeks lias had a beneficial effect on the grass, and the country in the immediate neighbourhood of Blinman is looking well. We hear of some con siderable changes taking place in the occupancy of some of the .Northern runs. It is said that several of tiie sheepowners who have gone down with their flocks for shearing do not intend returning. There has been very little rain to the north of this, and the country isdesci ibed as being very bare o! grass." From Port Augusta on October 5 we learn, from our-local reporter, that wool was coming in very rapidly, and ships were loading up quickly with bales. From Beltana we learn that there was a little rain on the evening of the 3rd October, and that it was very cloudy. The Darling.—The latest advices from the Darling state that there has been no rise in the river of aDy service. Eiver News. — Our Blanchetown letter, dated September 30, savs:—since my last the steamers Wentwortb, Duke of Edinburgh, Queen, Vista, Providence, and Ariel have gone up loaded with station stores, &c.; The arrivals from the upper rivers have been the Prince Alfred, Moolgewanke, and Jolly Miller. The former with 131 ba'es wool —brand, O fc tV, W in circle, Thurk, and Paringa. The others in ballast. Total number of bales wool brought down in September, 432. Reports from the upper rivers are very unfavourable as to the chances of there being water enough to bring down al! the wool. The Jolly Miller, from the Murrum bidgee, reports that nearly all the wool from Riverina will be taken to Echu-a. The Weather and Crops.—The warm and congenial weather which has followed the recent splendid rains has had a most invigorating effect upon the crops. In the South they are looking magnificent, and those around Strathalbyn have a □o less promising appearance; so that the agricul turists have most sanguine anticipations of an abundant return for their labour.—Southern Argus. Sound Plants from Rusty Seed Wheat.—Mr. J. B.Talbot,of Peachey Belt. Secretary to the Smith field Farmers' Club, brought to our office on Satur day morning, October 3. a bundle of wheat plants, the produce of rusty teed sown in May last. We understand the seed, which was the smallest and rustiest that could he procured was sown as an experiment for the purpose of testing Mr. Scoular's theory as to the cause of the rust disease, of which doctrine Mr. Talbot is, we understand, a stanch supporter. The plant is strong and healthy, and shows no trace of rust, and it is looked upon by him as a confirmation of the theory of red rust being caused by an excess of nutrition. Flax Cultivation.—The Rev. T. J. Smyth in a letter to the Kapunda Herald on October 1 writes:—"I may mention that 1 only returned from Auburn last evening, and on my way from Mount Barker to that place I noticed the crops everywhere are looking healthy, but in some places they are very thin, especially the late crops. I also saw some flax growing at Riverton, Mount Barker, and Hahndorf, At the two latter places it is doing well, and is much grown for the sake of the seed." Presentation.—An address from the congrega tion of Christchurch was recently presented to Mrs. Woodcock on her retiring from the parsonage. 3 his lady is held in much esteem by an extensive circle of friends, not simply as the widow of the hte lamented Archdeacon, but on account of her personal virtues. On this occasion they have shown their respect by accompanying the address with a valuable purse of money. The Ltbiopic Bible.—Dr. Rule, of Plymouth, writes:—"An extract from the Leeds Mercury in various papers has attracted my attention. It states that '.a most interesting manuscript Bible, which belonged to King Theodore &c.;,' is in the Leeds Exhibition. The Bible is said to contain the Psalms, the Cauticles or Biblical Hymns, the Song of Songs, the Encomium of the Blessed Virgin Mary, the Gospel of St. John, and some short Services. If these are the contents of the volume, it certainly is not a Bible, but one of the inaay ecclesiastical books that are in tiie hands of the more educated Abyssinians. The Ethiopic Bible only differs from our own in two particulars. It istianslated from the Septuagint. and like the Sjatin Vulgate, it contains Apochrvphal hooks. If this were a matter of mere curiosity, it would be of no impor tance; but as just now the popular notions of Abyssiuia are extremely incorrect, and some scholars know little of the religion and history of the country, it would be undesirable that the book in question—if it be exactly such as is described— should pass in England as an Ethiopic Bible. The late Emperor read the Bible daily for many years, and zealously promoted its circulation among his subjects. Before his misfortuues, and, as is believed,- his mental aberration, he was very familiar with the sacred volume, and very desirous that the Abyssinian Church should be reformed. The manuscript ia question may he very interes ting indeed, and well deserving the attention of persons addicted to Ethiopic study." Mb. Schaffer, the Travelleb.—Mr. Schaffer, the German traveller, who is making a tour of New Zealand on foot, arrived at the Thames diggings, overland from Tauranga, after a ten days' journey. Mr. Schaffer speaks in the highest terms of the courtesy extended towards him by the Hauhaus, through whose country he lias come, and among whom he passed several days of travel. The heavy lains served to retard his progress by flooding the rivers, and the passes necessary to ensure his safe convoy among the tribes detained the traveller: otherwise he speaks of the journey iu the highest terms, and is anxious to pay the district another visit in order to renew his acquain tance with the Hauhau tribes. He was the bearer of a tetter to Mr. Commissioner Msckayfrom the latter, in which the traveller is very highly spoken of. Mr. Schaffer proceeds to Auckland from this place, and afterwards returns into the interior to continue his travels,— !Veelcly Herald. The Datsi'BING Malady.—The Ballaral Star has the following with reference to the disease which caused such frightful mortality amongst the Chinese passengers 011 board the Day spring, lately arrived at Melbourne from Hong kong:—"A Chinese named Young Foo, one of the unfortunate passengers by the ship Dajspring, from Hongkong to Mel bourne, is at present an inmate of the District Hospital, having been removed there on the JOtli instant. It is rather a singular fact that the disease which decimated the passengers appears to be unknown to the Mel bourne faculty, judging from tlie result of the inquest held in Melbourne by Dr. You! on the body of one of tbe Chinese passengers. Dr. Owen, Resident Surgeon of the Ualiarat District Hospital, from his previous resideuce in India, at once recognised the symptoms as those manifested in cases of berhieri, an endemic of Southern India, which prevails there greatly towards the close of the rainy season. It exhibits itself in general debility, cold extremities, palpitation, difficulty of brea'hing, frequent small quick pulse, partial dropsy of heart, and all other tissues of the body, terminating in congestion of the luugs. The disease arises from overcrowding in dwelling',-bad foo l, and deficient hygienic ar rangements generally, having the effect of im poverishing the blood, which seems the incipient stage of the malady. Dr. Owen's treatment, which principally consists in applying stimulants and counteracting certain ordinary symptoms presented by diseases of tbe inner organs, appears to be very successful, as Voung Boo is rapidly recovering." Aquatic Spouts.—On Saturday afternoon, October 3, a few aquatic sports took place at Gleuelg; being the first of a number to be held as the summer advances. Funds collected by sub scriptions enabled the gentlemen who had arranged for the sports to offer two prizes for the first day of the series. Mr. W. Rounsevell acted as Judge and Starter; Messrs. J. S. Price and G. D. Stone being prominently active in making tbe events successful. The we ither in the early part o f the afternoon was hotaad sultry. A large attendance of citizens was looked for. The attendance, how ever, was not large, but amongst the spectators were many of the regular visitors to the Bay, as well as prominent inhabitants. A considerable number of ladies were present, and imparted an j aspect of gaiety and animation to the Jetty. The ' first event on the programme was the Fishermen's j Sailing-Boat Race. Apiizeof £3 wasofl'ered totlie ' winniug boat; the distance to be sailed being six ; miles. The conditions were that the competing boats i should not exceed 21 feet over all. The following I hoats started:—Amy (J. Tostevin); Fairy (A. I Martin); Comical Jack (J. Le Nephew). The ] course was traversed by the winning l>oat in five ; minutes under two hours. The race was won by Amy, for whose owner much interest and sym- I pathy was exerted on account of his having but one arm. Fairy, which was very much behind at one ■ time, improved greatly in speed as the race pro- i ceeded, and came in second, 2J minutes after the i winner. The concluding event was the Dingy ! Sailing boat Race. A prize of £4 was offered to i the winning boat; the course being four miles in | length. The conditions were that the competing boats should not exceed 15 feet over all. The fol- ' lowing boats .started:—Morning Dawn (J. Hawkes); Ripple (B. Pennington); Seagull (G. D. ' Stone); Yarr.i IfarrafG. S. Price). The race was won easily by Ripple. Time, two hours five minutes. Determined Attempt at Suicide.—On Satur day morning about lialf-past 7 an attempt at suicide was made at the Clarence Hotel, King William-street, by Mr. Alfred Smith, a surveyor in the Survey Office, and a member of the second party sent to the Northern Territory. Mr. Smith first cut liis throat with a small penknife, but for tunately only inflicted a slight wound. He then rushed into the bedroom of a female servant : named Emily Poole, and asked her to save him. She requested him to waik out of the room while she dressed. He complied, and after trying the doors of several other rooms found one apartment which was untenanted, and into this he went. The girl seeing that something was wrong with him lost no time in following him, and contlived to catch hold of him by the end of his shirt as he was about to throw himself from a window three stories high, facing the back part of the premises. She held him fast until relieved by the Messrs. Cornock and Mr. H. Boord. After s'ruggling with them for a few minutes Smith managed to get loose, and dropped from a height of 28V feet to the ground, dislocating his left hip. Dr. P.iillips was at once sent for, and by his advice he was taken to the Hospital. Here he was placed under the care of the House Surgeon; and on enquiry we were iuformed by Dr. Bees that he w.ts progressing favourably. Melancholy Death from Poisoning with Strychnine.—We have had another lamentable instance of the effects of leaving such deadly poison as strychnine carelessly about (says out Clare correspondent) in the death Gf a young woman, the wife of a shepherd on the Black Point Bun. It appeared from the evidence of her husband at the inquest, held before Mr. E. B. Gleeson, Coroner, at the Commercial Inn, Clare, on Monday afternoon, that James Coombe and his wife, the deceased Susan Coombe, entered the service of Mr. J. W. Gleeson, on the Black Point Bun, about three weeks since. They lived on very good terms; but deceased had very often been much depressed in spirits since the loss of her only child in May la-t. About a week previous to the occurrence they had observed a small bottle, with something in it, in an auger-hole in a pine at the top of the building, just under the rouf. Looked at it, but did not know what it was, as it had no label, and replaced it where they found it. Believed it belonged to a former occupant of the hut, who had left it there. Left liis wife on Sunday morning quite cheerful. On reaching the hut again about 4 o'clock in the afternoon found deceased lying on the bed screeching for water, and she said she was dying. Gave her some water in a p innican. She could hardly swallow. Helped her to it with a.spoon. De ermined to go for assistance, when she said it i was too Jate, and wished him to stay with her. Asked her what was the matter, when she pointed to the bottle now produced. Before then it was three-parts full. She said she had taken two doses of it. Ban to Curtis's hut, five nnles away. They sent to the head station, and he returned to his wife, whom he found quite dead. She was 2(j years of age. When he asked her why she had taken that stun she said she coum not tell, bhe had never said anything about taking poison; only said she could not tell why slis took it. They did not know what the contents of the bottle was when they saw it first and looked at it; but put it back in its place. Had been in the colony one year and ninemontbs. She had nevershownsigusof insanity. Kan all the way back. Was sure she had taken some poison from the state he had first found her in. She hail never left the hut but once since they went there, and that was to go to Morris's hut, four miles distant. The strychnine was 111 a bottle marked " Ayer's Pill?,"' but no printed or written label was on it. John Curtis, black Point Bun— Never saw deceased Susan Coombe until her death, about half-past 4 the prceceding day (duudaj). Saw a man running to my hu' which he reached before him. When he got there saw the man leaning against the chimney. My wife explained to ine that the man wanted me to go to the head station, for his wife had taken poison. I went to the head station, which is about seven miles from my hut, and gave the information. I told the man Coombe to have something to drink, and return to his wife. A messenger was dispatched from the head station for a doctor immediately I had given them the information. Dr. Bain said be was sent for to visit the deceased. Found her dead. Examined the body, and the fingers of both hands were fi mly clenched, resisting every attempt to open them. The muscles of the extremities were rigid and contracted. There were several scratches across her neck, which, in his opinion, were done by herself. Was shown the bottle produced containing Etrychnine. Believed she died from taking a portion of it. The bottle was in the crevice when he got there. Attended the child when it died. She was much affected by its death—much more so than is usual in such cases. The Jury, after some consultation, returned their verdict that Susan Coombe died from the effects of poison taken during a fit of temporary insanity. IxQOiSr at Kangakilla.—An inquest was held 011 October 5 at the Kangarilla Hotel, by Mr. E. J. Peake, S.M., 011 the body of William Vawser, farmer, of Wickam's Hill, found dead on the public road 0:1 Sunday afternoon, October 4. Mr. Joseph Lewis was chosen foreman, and Dr. Maurau examined the body. John Vawser, father of deceased, deposed that his son had lived with him. Last saw him alive on Saturday night and early on Sunday morning. He was sober then, but had been tipsy during the day. Deceased was in the habit of drinking at times for several days together. Deceased had been drinking on Friday. He wanted to go to Mr. Oakley's about 6 o'clock a.m. Advised him not to go to the public-house. He left home alone on horseback. About half past 12 when at dinner Thomas Morely brought liome the mare, and after his return from Barnett's house iu three-quarters of an hour they started to look for his son. After enquiring at (fakley's, and finding he had not been there. tli?y searched, going up one way and back the other, and found his hat, and then the body. His head was the lowest part. Bemained till the body was fetched by the police with Mr. Lucas's dray. In reply to ques tions—Did not Tecollect deceased having fits, lie was lying on his back, face upwards. Did not Bee any uioou. mere was scarcely a marK wnere de ceased lay. He has had delirium tremens, and was sent to the Asylum three years ago. He com plained of pain about the heait sometimes, and in his head. The mouth was closed; one leg drawn up a little; the eyes closed, the face discoloured slightly; and he was cold. Thomas ftlrrley corro borated, and added that he saw deceased the previous morning between 9 and 10, when he passed and repassed withiu a quarter of an hour, and enquired if William Oakley was at home. He appeared sober. Found a bottle, containing beer apparently, and his hat seven or eight yards from the body. There were no marks of a struggle. The body was found between 3 and 4 o'clock p.m. a mile distant fiorn where the deceased was last seen alive. The mare and foal were found two miles off, with bridle and stirrups all right. Police-trooper Bartleet corroborated as to appearances and tiie removal of the body, and said that a short distance below where it was found there were marks as though a horse had rolled during the day. Could not find that deceased had been to Kanga rilla yesterday, or that he had been drinking. The face was slightly discoloured, and the neck and chest. There was warmth under the armpits and down the side. Had been dead four or five hours, he thought. Other witnesses deposed to the mare being quiet, and to the fact that drmk had not been supplied at the Kangarilla Hotel. L. 11. Alaurau, M.K.C.S., gave as his opinion, after careful exa mination and hearing evidence, that deceased died suddenly in a tit of apoplexy. It was not neces sary that the man should he the fit. It would be more likely to occur in the weak state after debauch iu a person naturally pre disposed. Temperate people sometimes died of apoplexy, but were not so liable. Ho poison except strychnine would be likely to produce similar appearances to these iu this case. A posl-monem examination he considered needless, and was morally certain that deceased d.ed from natural causes. The Jury brought in the verdict ac cordingly. Serious Occurrence at Kapunda.—Last Satur day evening a somewhat singular occurrence took place at Kapunda. which was attended witli serious consequences. M.s. Braudie, an old resident, was, according to a usual custom, driving a cow into the yard, when the animal suddenly rushed her, and before Mrs. Braudie could get out of the way the beast ran its horn along the top of the unfortunate woman's head, causing a very deep and severe sea'p wound. Mrs. Braudie fell to the ground, when the cow trampled on her, fiacturing some of her ribs and causing ether serious injuries. She now lies in a very precarious condition. Dr. Blood, who was immediately sent for, sewed up the wouud on the head, and in other wavs assisted the sufferer. Jupiter Creek Diggings.—We have been re quested to call the atteutiou of the District Council or other parties concerned to the absence of guide boards on the road from Echunga Township to Jupiter Creek. This is a source of great inconve nience to persons travelling to the diggings from Echunga, and it has been suggested that one of the numerous hoards which punt the way to Jupiter Creek from Adelaide might well be spared and placed on the Echunga line, so as to remove the inconvenience now felt. The Blenheim Hotel.—We notice that Mr. A. J. Solomon has become landlord of the Blenheim Hotel in Hindley street. It is his intention to lower the bar floor to a level with the street, and to mate other improvements. All who know Mr. Solomon inust feci that the B'.enheiiu has got into good hands, and all will wish him success in bis new sphere. St. Paul's Litekaiiy Society.—'The quaiterly general business meeting of this Society was held in the Pulteney-street Schoolroom on Tuesday evening, October 0. Present—Itev. H. Howitt (in the cha:r), Messrs. T. J. Bopcr, "W. H. Boss, F. J. Lorraine, anu E. Wright, Committeemen; Mr. 11. S. Anthony, lion. Secretary, and fourteen members. The ^Secretary read a duly audited j account of the Society's receipts and expenditure since its formation, showing a balance in hand or £111)3. 5d. 1 his was deemed highly satisfactory, and the account was received, and ordered to be entered on the minutes. The average attendance | during the last quarter was 19. There are now 40 j members on the hooks, ten of whom joined the j Society during the last quarter. A motion for ; making an alteration in one of the tules was lost. J Some routine matters were dealt with, nud three ! new members elected; this closed the general business. The ordinary meeting of the Society was then held. It was decided that a manuscript ( magaz'-ne should he established, to be published . every month, and Messrs. Boss and Boper were ' elected as editors. ' Adelaide Benevolent and Stbanoees' i Fbienb Society. — The Committee met on Wednesday evenintr, October 7. Present—Mr. Samuel Bakewell, in the chair; Messrs. Tapley, Fox, Berry, Hack, Coombs, and Wicksteed. The Treasurer reported a balance in hand of .£70 4s. 4d. About £-20 was voted in several sums for the relief of parties in distress. The members of Committee were authorized to draw £1 each during the ensuing month in cases of emergency. The Horticultural and Floricultural Societt.—The ordinary monthly general meeting of the Horticultural aud Floricultural Society was held at the Norfolk Arms, Rundle-street, on Tuesday afternoon. October 6. The following members were present:—Messrs. F. S. C. Driffield (in the chair). K. A. Fiveasb, W. Rhodes, J. Acraman, J. T. Gray, O. Lines, J. K. Pascoe, S. P. Sabine, J. Rowell, E. Smith, J. G. Hoffmann, R. Ingleby. and A. Loutit, Dr. Wylde,. and the Secretary (Mr. \V. Hackett). The Secretary re ported that the receipts from the September Show realized £36. He remarked that Thos. Harrington had entered two protests against the first and second prizes awarded at the late --how to the Hon. J. Hodgkiss and Mr. Graves for peas, on the ground that each exhibit was deficient by half a gallon. It was decided that both exhibits should be disqualified. It was also mentioned that Mr. J. Steer bad entered a protest against the second prize being awarded for the six annuals (Lot No. 3), on the ground of one being a Brompton stock (bi-annual). A resolution was carried to the effect that the award of the Judges should be adhered to. The Judges in the late Show had re commended that a third prize should be awarded to two baskets which were exhibited, and be tween which and the lot taking the second prize they had a difficulty in deciding. It was decided that as two prize- had beeu already divided amongst four exhibits, and as the Show had not been so profitable as was expected, it was not advisable to give effect to the recommendation. Mr. Pascoe moved the resolu tion. notice of which he had given at the last meeting, that the Committee should be empowered as a whole to award certificates of merit for ex hibits of flowers at the monthly meetings, instead of leaving it to the Sub-Committees, as hereto fore; the Chairman, Secretary, and a member appointed by the meeting to be authorized to sign the certificates. The motion was carried. Mr. Pascoe suggested that the Society should adopt rules such as Glenny's, to enable members to judge correctly as to the quality of flowers. A uniform standard cou'.d then be obtained which would guide members m their choice, and enable them to cultivate a true taste for flowers. Attlie sug gestion of the Chairman, Mr. Pascoe determined not to press the matter that day. aud promised to bring it forward at a future meeting. Jt was then arranged lhat the next Show should be held on the 12th November next. The prize-list, as pre pa-ed by the Subcommittee, was then gone through and adopted with a few modifications. The Committee of Management who acted on the last occasion were reappointed for the November Show, the members being Messrs. A. Loutit, J. T. Gray, \V. A. Chance, and \V. Rhodes. Messrs. B. Lane, G. Smith, R. Ingleby, J. G. Hoffman, and James Ournnw, and Dr. Wylde were appointed Judges of flowers, the question as to which three should take the pot plants aud which three the cut flowers beiug left for themselves to arrange. Messrs. O. Lines, J. Acraman, and Wigz-11 were chosen Judges of fruits and vegetables. The Secretary was empowered to obtain some extra neous assistance, &c.;, in arranging the Show. The matter of the December tihow was held over till next meeting. The proceedings closed with votes of thanks to the Judges, Committee of Manage ment, and the Amateur Betlringers for their ser vices in connection with the late Show. This being the period of the year when flowers were in their finest condition, a very choice and brilliant collec tion was exhibited by membeis. Some particularly fine specimens were shown of the following varieties:—Pelargoniums, double polyanthus, Abu tilons (Due de Malakoff, Venosum, and Buriingu). Pojonia moutati, tulips, chrysanthemums, gera niums, Pyrethrum Swainsonia, annuals, roses, ranunculus, &c.; Stmple Antidote to Snake-Bites.—The Times of India, June 2:5, states that a girl of ten years | old having sat down upon a snake, and been bitten by it, was brought, in convulsions, to the parish priest, the Rev. Father Raphael, who thus de scribes the steps he successfully took for her reco very : —" Perceiving the dangerous state in which she was, I immediately took a small lump of alum, about the size of a pigeon's egg, dissolved the whole in a large glass of water, and at once made her drink it oft In a few minutes she began to be very sick, throwing up much matter from her stomach, when I again made her drink alum water. Tiiis went on forabout an hour and a half, during which time she must have consumed alum of about the s;zj of a lien's egg, dissolved in two large bottles of water, the draughts being admi nistered at shoit iutervals after eacli vomiting. At the end of the time mentioned, the girl began to recover; and, within two hours' time, was able to stand up by herself, and again gained the use of her voice. After this I made her walk about a great deal, and now she is almost entirely cured. I ought to mention that the poison of the snake was so active and violent that the child fell only a few yards from the place where she was bitten." Me. Bagehot and the London University.— A gentleman who has recently left England writes to us as follows, under dote October 1:—"I see in your London letter to day you represent a Mr. ' Bagshnt' as having retired from canvassing the London University. The name should have been ' Bagehot.' He is intimately connected with lead ing Somersetshire trading and banking firms, and his family is well known to most of our West Country colonists. Personally he is a very rising man; is an authority on mathematics, finance, and political economy, and is the edi'or of either the Ea-arnivei' or Economist, I forget which, and can not refer." i. kusus Natcr.f —Mr. C. Temby has left at our office a singular formation in the shape of a dried up foetus taken from a fine healthy ewe which had been killed for family use. At Mr. Teinby's request we have forwarded it to Mr. Waterhouse. Curator of the Museum, who will no doubt afii>rd the curious in these matters an opportunity of inspecting it. Railway Alteration's.—The alterations r.ow being made in the Kailway Yard have necessitated the extension of the passenger platform with boards for 12 feet. The principal part is already ccmpleted, and ati'ords much gieater convenience than formerlj'. .Railway Traffic:. —The traffic on the South Australian railways for the week ended September 19 was: —Port Line: Passengers, 5,197; fares_ £216 1:5s. 4d.: goods. £171 12s. Sd. .North Line: Passengers, ], £626 I: s. l'Jd. '1 otal, £1,975 lis. 41. The New Zealand Diggings.—The following is extracted from a mercantile letter, dated Auck land, September 12:—"Tilings are very brisk here just now, owing to the great infl ix of population to the Thames g"M fie'd. Tliere is every prospect now of its turning out a permanent thing, and proving advantrgeous to us ail." (j YUPiti Crki k Gold.—We were shown hy Sir. Wendt on l''riday evening, October 2, abour four ounces of Gyuipie Creek co'd, olr.uiaed hy liitn front his agent on the Queensland field. The resemblance between it and that now being ob tained at the Jupiter was striking. Thc-re was a vast number of nice little nuggets and a propor tion of gold-dust; hut as the public will have an opportunity of seeing it exhibited in Mr. Wendt's window to-day it is needless to describe it very minutely. At ail events the proprietor is much pleased with its quality, although it is being sold some 7s. an ounce less tliau the Jupiter Creek gold. Theatre Royal.—The Carandini Company, having been re-engaged for another week, gave their ihiiteenlh concert on Monday evening at the The lire. Royal. There was a courtly attendance— conspicuous for its respectability rather tliau for its numerical value. The management, or the " wonmnagemcnt," as Leigh Hunt expressed it in reference to Madame Vestris and the Olyimic, seems detcrmiued to rise superior to the popular predilection for the Jol'y Dogs and Ship Bang style of music. Yet the entertainment seems never to tire those who attend, hut rasher to create the very taste it seeks to gratify-. The principal feature in Monday evening's conceit was the ballad of "Little Sell," with entirely new scenic illustrations. It is very prettily got up Nothing seems wanting to rentier it effective. The song itself relates the circumstances connected with the death of "Little Nell," and of that doting, dccrepid, imbecile old man whom the creative genius of Dickens has called into being, and surrounded with so many ineffaceable associa tions—he whose very failings "leaned to virtue's side." Miss Rosina gave the melody with much taste and feeling. The concluding lines were de livered with thrilling pathos, as follows :— " With tit'eiing steps he'd wandered there, Fresh hope and strength to borrow; And e'en in dying breathed the prayer— '»ill, let htr come to-morrow.' " The Central Road Board.—The usual fort nightly meeting of the Board was held on Tuesday, October (i. Mr. G. MclDwin, who lias been pre vented from attending hy a long illness, resumed his seat at the Board. The Hon. V. Everard's resignation was forwarded, he having taken office as Commissioner of Public Works. It was ac cepted, anil the members present, while expressing their appreciation of regret at the loss of Mr. Everard's valuable services, congratulated him on taking office. Mr. Bright, with respect to an article in that morning's Register, explained the matter to the Board, and, with the Chairman, ex pressed his surprise at the tone the article assumed. The reports of the Superintending Suiv vors on the North, Non-U-Eastern, and North-Western Districts were read, and other business transacted. Corporation Un forms.—Mr. H. K. Fuller. M.P., the Mayor of Adelaide, has again under taken, at liis own expense, to present the officers of the Corporation with their uniforms. As there is a goodly staff, the expense voluntarily incurred is considerable. An Important Legal Point.—In the case of Brown v. Boyle, which came before the Adelaide Local Couri on Wednesday,'October 7, a decision was given which is likely to become a very impor tant precedent in the future practice of the Conrt. The plaintiff claimed £59 3s. on a bill of exchange, but since the commencement of the action the de fendant, who was the landlady of the Castle Inn> Hindley-street, had executed a deed of assign ment, which she pleaded as a bar to the action. Instead of discontinuing the action, Mr. J. W. Downer, who was counsel for the plaintiff, proceeded with it for the purpose of getting his costs. In his address to the Court he urged, first, that no defences could be pleaded in the Local Courts that arose after the commence, ment of the action; secondly, that even if it were admissible, the plea puts darrein continuance must be a complete answer to the whole action; and thirdly, that notice of the deed of assignment should have been given to the Official Assignee. In support of his argument the learned counsel quoted a very recent case, Maughau v. Binesberg (haw Reports, Common Pleas, for June ana July, lStjS), in which it appeared that the defendant after the action had been com mence l became a bankrupt. The plaintiff, how ever, persisted in his action, obtained a verdict, and the defendant was arrested on accouut of the costs, an appeal to the Court of Common Pleas for his release from custody being dismissed. The Court considered the case produced by Mr. Downer decisive, and gave judgment for the plaintiff for the aniouut claimed with costs; it being under stood, however, that he could proceed further for his costs only. The Rah North -Serious Native Affhay.— From all accounts of tiie affray witli the blacks at Mundowada (says our Blimn.in correspondent), it appears to have been wholly the result of an assault by the blacks on Mr. Debney, who had gone to the camp unarmed. The blacks had previously been carrying on sheep-stealing to a. considerable extent, and, probably not approvingof any interference with their arrangements, seized Mr. Debney, he being at the time alone, and they had him on the ground. Very providentially Mr. Woodforde was passing in the direction, and noticing the commotion, and being armed, hastened to the assistance of Debney. On reaching the spot be was immediately attacked by another of the natives, with whom he parleyed for some time; but seeing that the uative was bent on a band-to-hand encounter, Woodforde, in self-pre servation, fired, anil the black fell; on seeing which the native who had Debney down left him and grappled Woodforde. They fell, Woodforde under, who still retained the revolver in his hand, which the blackfellow tried to get possession of, but Debney. regaining his feet, secured the revolver, and en deavoured to relieve Woodforde, when a third black showed fight at him; and Debney, seeing no other chance of releasing Woodforde from the grasp of the black, fired. The ball proved effectual, and the natives, of whom there were a considerable number present, seeing two of their companions disabled, beat a retreat. After the encounter Debney and Woodforde left the scene, and the natives returned to the spot, and conveyed away the bodies of their companions. I believe it is ascer tained from some natives that both died, but it is not known what they did with them. There is but one opinion here, and that is, that it was purely a matter of self-preservation, and that the ac ion taken was fully justified by the nature of the circumstances. Spuing Ckelk Smelting Works.—The Spring Creek Smelting Works has lately commenced operations, aud are likely (says our Mehose corre spondent) to prove a success, several tons of copper having already been sent to the Port for shipment. The Mount Barker Election Petition.— The Court of Disputed Beturus continued its sittings on Wednesday, October 7, when Mr. Inglebj', in a lengthy address, opeued the defence. Afterwards, Mr. John Dunn, M.P., and Mr. J. Bundle were examined and cross-examined. The case was virtually decided, so far as bribery on the part of the sitting member is concerned, the Court intimating that the evidence of the sitting member's witness was most conclusive, unless it' was greatly altered by anything to come. It was intimated that evidence would be tendered to show bribery on the part of Mr. Bogers, the defeated candidate, and the Court adjourned till next morn ing at half-past 9 o'clock. The "Gawler Independent."—We notice from a prospectus received that it has been pro posed to launch another paper at Gawler. Late unpleasant proceedings in connection with Town Hall and Corporation affairs appear mainly to hare influenced the promoters in entering upon the pi eject. Yankee Eloquence.—Mr. J. Gaston, President of the Oregon Central Bailroad, lately delivered an address, whereof the following is the final paragraph:—"In conclusion, permit me to return the thanks of the Board of Directois to the capitalists and peoplp of the City of Portland, and of the Counties of Washington aud Yamhill, for their friendship and material aid, with the assu rance that the work now to be formally inaugurated shall, in its completion, be made the servant and piompior of your future growth, prosperity, and wealth, until here, upon the bauks of the beautiful Willamette, shall arise a city which, holding the keys and being the gateway and handmaid to the commerce between the Atlantic and the Indies, shall rival Venice in its adorumeut and Constanti nople in its wealth." Strange Freaks of Lightning. — Lightning, like light, furnishes another wonderful, succession of marvels. How delicate, how subtle! It performs its work sometimes with scarcely a touch. Enumerating a number of instances, the author calls upon us to modily our vulgar notions of thunder and lightning. He says it is a most extravagant idea to compare the causes of thunder and the effects of lightning to the noise and effects of cannon and cmncn ball. We are face to face with an essentially superior force. It might be said that it constitutes a transition between this world and a better one; in fact, it is really subject to t'ansceudeutal laws which our weak intelligence cannot grasp. This little volume is a repertory of facts, some of them of the most amusing, some of them of an abundantly terrible character. IllustratiDg this he strikingly entitles one of his chapters, "How did the bird get out of the cage?" He derives the ex pression from Plutarch. When we see animals or men cease moving, thinking, living, suddenly, without any appreciable change in theirappearance or the mechauism of their orgau'Z ition, it sug gests the image of a cage, the door still closed, no damage done to a single wire, and yet the inha bitant gone. How did it get out? The instances arc numerous. Bodies iiave been Id bed repeatedly by iightuing, and tlicy have not given the slightest trace of any wound or scar, no slight touch of a burn or a contusion, 110 hint or the way by which the bird sprang from its confinement Delicate and most subtile, we have said, has often been its work, Think cf it melting a bracelet from a lady's wrist yet leaving the wrist untouched; thinking of its melting in stantly a pair of crystal goblets suddeuly with out breaking them. Bay, as we said above, some of its achievements are most hcm-irous. Arago tells how the lightning one day visited the shop of a Suabian cobbler, did not touch the aitisan, but magnetized all bis tools. One can well imagine the immense dismay of the poor tellow; his hammer, pincers, and awl attracted all the needles, pins, and lacks and nails, and caused them to adhere lir:niy to the tools. _ "ihe amazed shoe maker thought that everything in 1 lie shop was suddenly bedevilled, or else 'bat he was dreaming. Aud there are several well-authenticated cases like this, showing that iron can be rendered magnetic h* the el ctrie current. We read of a merchant cf Wakefield, v.-h • bad placed in a corner of bis room a boxof knives and forks and iron tools, destined to be sent to the colonies. In came the lightning, struck open the lu x, spread all the articles on the floor, and it was iouud when they were picked up that every one had acqui cd new pro perties—they had all been affected by the subtle toucii of the current. Some remained intact, others were meted, but the}' iiad been all rendered more 01 less magnetic, so that there was not a single nail in the box that might not have served the purpose of a mariner's compa s. Such auecdotes excite the sense of the marvellous; and in popular science they become windows throuch which the young enquirer is able to look abroad into the astonishing fields of nature. A great deal of scientific material lias of course been reduced to such a matter of loutine that although there is not much fcientilic education, in auy high sense of the word, souie of the outer facts are known, ar.d people may b=> prevented from making veiy grave mistakes.—Eclectic awl Congregational Review. Siiaksreake in1 Paris—Hamlet set to music! What a lovely notion! Mnsique par Ambroise Tlioroas; paroles par ldiaut Shaks peare! HnmU-t sweetly warbling " To be, cr r.ot to be." to the beat of a conductor, ami accom panied by fiddles! " Hamlet" with a ballet intro duced in the tnad scene; dancers draped trant parently, ah caperinu and frisking, while Ophela sings a wa'tz. and then very picturesquely drowns herself by lime-light! The Ghost stalking on the stage to the sound of a dead march, and then singing a long solo, descriptive of his sufferings! Alas, poorGho't! Alas, poor WilliamiShakspeare! Bless thee, how thou art translated, to please our lively neighbours! Fancy "Hire, on nc pas ctrc * as a sentimental ditty! Imagine Milord Hamlet with a tremulous vibrato, singiug an addio to Irs friend "ce paarre Yorick!" Conceive, as a 1 t ing if prelude to this exquisite morceau, the opening the church scene with a cltorus of old grave diggers, o"e of whom, ere long, when the scere begms to 11 ig, may dance a comic pas. or give a rattle with the cross-bones! In \viuding up h s id opera." one of notice of "this most suceefsf":! opera," ' our own Paris correspondents'' naively sa?s:— "If M. Ambroise Thomas has not created a "Hamlet," he has givm to the worid an Ophe ia who will never be forgotten." Crcatid a Bamht! Imagine a French tunemnker creating a Hamh t! One might at reasonably taik of the "creation" of Othello, when defiled as a builc que. HIc is liver ehacan a son coat. Only we v.-ish our liveiy friends, when tlu-y want to spoil a play, would keip their paws off Shakspeaie. Why c ;n't they sing Voltaire, or bring Gnuille out at the opera! It is bad enough to try to translate "Ifa'nfet" into French; but we can not stand seeing " Airs frcm 'Hamlet,'" at the music-.-hops. and bearing them braved forth bv blatant German bands, or squeaked about the streets hv beastly barren organs. -San Francisco imcs Letcr. Printed and published every Friday morning and every Saturday mominsr, by the Proprietors, Edward Wir. Andrews, Wit. Kyffiv Thomas, and John Howard Clark, at the offices of the Adelaide Observer.: Grenfeil-street. Adelaide. South Australia, where advertisements, orders, and com* munications are received. 