The question whether the spirits of the dead are capable of assuming bodily forms, and of appearing upon the earth, has been from time immemorial as much "vexed" as the poor ghosts themselves are said to be, and there is very little doubt that the matter will never be completely set at rest by human experience or argument. Ghost stories and tales of haunted houses are innumerable, and they seem to be quite as popular as ever, notwithstanding the attacks that have been made of late years upon superstitious beliefs and the authenticity of alleged supernatural visitations. Although it is very evident that the ghost delusion has taken the firmest hold upon the ignorant classes, still it must be confessed that the better educated ranks of society are not un- affected by it. As for the attempts to overturn the theory of ghosts, it is well known that arguments, scientific experiments, and above all, satire and ridicule, are com- pletely wasted upon "believers." A well- meaning man might use arguments of a nature and strength calculated to detach the legs from an iron pot, but without effect upon the tough mental faculties of a believer in ghosts, and he would succeed only in reaping a plentiful crop of vexation for his pains. Men learned in the science of optics have demonstrated the practi- cability of "raising up spirits from the vasty deep", or from anywhere else whence they may be required, and this by means of a scientific apparatus. Now it might be supposed that the mere fact of being able to "make" ghosts by machinery would give such a blow to the darling fancies and traditions of true believers that the ghost theory would at once crumble away and be remembered only as a delusion of ancient times, or as a convenient foundation for side- splitting comic songs "nightly received with uproarious applause" at Schools of Art and concert halls. But this is not the case, although no doubt the more intelligent have allowed themselves to be convinced that appear- ances which may easily be produced by a pecu- liar management of mirrors have been, and will continue to be, created by natural causes. The electric fluid--the cause of the phenomenon we call "lightning," can be produced by a common electrical machine, and a miniature thunder- storm, with artificial lightning, has often de- lighted a drawing-room full of juveniles. Therefore it is very easy to suppose that nature has innocently furnished many a "real ghost" on the same principles as the scientific pro- prieters of the ghost delusion lately exhibited on the stage. Ridicule is a much less useful weapon against the ghost theory than either argument or scientific demonstration, people will not be laughed out of their beliefs, and are very apt to look upon the infidels who endeavor to present a humorous phase of the subject with contempt, scorn, and, what is more galling, with pity. The strangest part of the delusion is that the very same individuals who will laugh heartily at the burlesque of " Hamlet," in which tbe Ghost (usually impersonated by a fat man, whoso "capacious stomach" has been increased by pillows) sings the story of his wrongs in a mock sepulchral tone with a chorus of "Ri foi de riddle ol de ray" --these very persons never allow their belief to waver in the slightest de- gree, and would listen with horror to a propo- sition relative to sleeping in a churchyard at midnight. It may be remarked also that many persons who are convinced of the absurdity of the popular superstition, are unable totally to overcome the fear implanted in them in child- hood. Although they may have accepted Mr Cruickshank's assertion--that ghosts, whatever may be their own powers of locomotion, have no power to carry their clothes with them--and although these persons may have been the loudest in chorusing the popular ballad anent the sprite of "Unfortu- nate Miss Bailey," who it will be recollected " hung herself one morning in her garters," still they cannot resist, when returning home to their dwellings at the witch- ing hour of night, a kind of vague fear that they have been trenching upon things supernatural, and that they have justly incurred the wrath of the spectral fraternity. They are constantly on the lookout for "a form" dressed in white (of course winding sheets preferred), and seem to be impressed with the curious idea that the shades of the departed have a cowardly weakness for approaching mortals behind their backs. To show how some believers resent any attack upon their pet delusion, it may be mentioned that whilst Messrs Dirck and Pepper's "Ghost Delusion" was exhibiting at the Prince of Wales Theatre in Sydney some time ago, a letter ap- peared in the Sydney Morning Herald, depre- cating the awful profanity of the exhibition, and condemning the lessees of the apparatus for producing the shades of Heenan and Sayers (then living) engaged in fighting for the cham- pionship of England. The writer was evi- dently in earnest, and no doubt shuddered in all sincerity at the horrible and wicked amusement of his fellow playgoers. A death-blow to a belief in ghosts is often received by a severe shock of fear from a supposed spectral visitation, followed by a discovery of the natural and often common- place causes. As I believe it to be the duty of every person who has experienced this, to publish it for the benefit of those who have sufered from the ghost delusion, I will proceed to give my tale of a ghost. I need hardly say, as it has been hinted at already, that this common delusion was instilled into my mind from the time I was able to read. It is not surprising, as books of the character of "The Night Side of Nature" were allowed to fall into my hands, that my imagina- tion was tortured day and night with the fear of ghosts, spectres, sprites, apparitions, and shades of various descriptions. Added to the impression made by this mischievous and (to a youug mind) horrible book, were the stories told by the female servants of ghosts, concern- ing whose existence they entertained not the most remote doubt. I remember by the bye that of the renowned New South Wales ghost story (Fisher's Ghost) I heard about ten dif- ferent versions, the most exciting and terrible of which of course I preferred and believed, My imagination being in this way thoroughly pre- pared for anything in the ghost-seeing line, I was quite in a fit state of mind to commence on my own account, and numberless were the frights I endured. My favorite agony was the well known stairs ghost which always followed me (but never caught me) down stairs. He liked a dark bedroom on the upper story, but was like the Persian fireworshippers, very much averse to lighted candles, for I remember I always felt pretty safe with the bedroom candle- stick in my hand, except, indeed, when my un- believing brother Alf blew the candle out and left me in the company of the spectre on the top of the stairs , my only course of safety then was a break-neck bolt down to the parlor, with the ghost "a good second" to the foot of the stairs, from whence he generally returned, like a Daniel Quilp of a spectre as he was, to chuckle in his haunt at the fright he had given me. One morning, at about 2 o'clock, I was sleep- ing in a bedroom on the ground floor, the window looked out upon the back yard, which was separated from the street by a low fence. I was awakened at about the time mentioned by the violent trembling and shaking of my bed- stead--a rathor ricketty iron one. Not feeling very much frightened at first, I lay still, and endeavoured to think out the reason, but not being able to discover it, I at once became, like a bad swimmer out of his depth, suddenly alarmed. This was foolish, but natural enough for a boy of twelve, but there was much more cause for fright when a low, tremulous, wailing and moaning commenced under the bedstead, keeping horribly and supernaturally good time with the oscillations of the iron framework. To describe the terrible dread that took possession of my ghost ridden imagination is useless, I dared not move, but lay in a bath of cold per- spiration, with my heart throbbing fearfully, oddly enough, this last symptom made me afraid that the ghost would find me. The trembhng of the bedstead and the supernatural moaning went on until I was in a really pitiable state ; suddenly a spectral white light appeared on the wall, moved slowly and steadily into one of the cornors, and traversed the length of the other wall, opposite my bed. This brought me to such a pitch of mental agony that I plunged my head under the bed-clothes (a favorite defence of mine against ghosts). But I was not to escape in this way ; my spectral perpetrator tormented me by standing alongside my bed, and tappiug with his lean forefingor on the quilt from my toes to my head and down again. I am sure that I should have fallen into a fit had I not suddenly discovered a key to a portion of these horrors, and so opened up an explanation of the whole of this terrible visitation. What will my readers think when I inform them that all at once it occurred to me that the melancholy moaning and mysterious trembling of the bed were occasioned by a fat terrier which was lying against the leg of the bedstead, and indulging in a dream of the kind peculiar to the canine race ! Having satisfied myself that such was the case, and that Spot's nightmare was responsible for the most serious part of my fright, my mental facul- ties recovered their usuul serenity, and I eventually discovered the natural cause for the spectral light I had seen. I have not the slightest doubt that it was occasioned by the lights of a cab passing along the street, and which shone through the window ; nor have I any reason to believe that the ghostly tapping on my bed was anything but the throbbing of my pulse. Of courso I felt not a little ashamed of my weakness ; but it cured me of ghost-seeing. QUORREOBOLONG. 