~ JULIA GAUNTLBTTS FORTUNE OP A MILLION A MINUTE. I That was my fortune. This is no dream, no romance. I j set down tbe simple truth, strange as it will appear to many. I During a portion of my life that was my income — a million sterling per minute — secured to me by papars held in my own hands. Never had I conceived of eo much wealth as those papers entitled me to, and even as I road them I did not believe in their reality. They were real, nevertheless. So was the fortune. So I am persuaded, were the circum stances, romantic as they seemed, under which I pained and f lost it. Tbe money came to me under the will of old Rod '? ncv Gauntlett. Every body in tbe city knew him in his lifetime— knew him as a shrewd, active, hot-tempered man, and called him old,' while he was yot in his prime. As far ns my memory poes back, he justified the epithet. He looked old, withered, dried up, yet there was plenty of life in him, as those found who crossed his path, or tried to over reach him, in tne business transactions mat took mm everv f day into the chief places of resort in the city. His black i eyes burnt under frost-white brows, and when contradicted or opposed, the purple blood would rush into his cadaverous cheeks, or 6well the veins in his forehead, till he was fcorful to look at. At ordinary times he was mild and gentle. Except that lie was always absorbed in business, he might have been kind and tender. To me he sometimes was so. If he ever unbent, it whs to bis little Julie, as he called me, and that wns more often, 1 think, when I had grown out of my childhood and become a woman, and so more of a com panion to him. In my younger life I remember fancying that he avoided, and even regarded me with dislike. It might have been so There was no apparent reason why he should regard me in any other light. I was only, as I i knew quite soon enough, the child of an old friend— one | Colonel Anthony Wyvem — whom he had adopted out of charitv. Having so adopted me, he did his duty by me. ! All admitted tbat ; the praise of hiai in that particular ! rang as a ceaselcss p%an in his ears — and in mine. And | I was daily bidden to take note how good ho was, how ! loving and how generous ; and what infinite return by way of goodness, gratitude, docility, perseverance, and I know not what other virtues, all this demanded at iny hand6. I am afraid I sometimes wished he had been less to me, eo tbat there might have been some hope of my being to him what it was declared my duty to become. I triea my best, however; and he, I believe, was satisfied. Ours was not a very lively home. Our house was an old one that had held its own in the city when the city had even its palaces. But in the long course of time it had yielded foot by foot, to encroachments on all sides, until it was fairly bricked-in, and utterly lost to public gaze. It could only* be reached by means of a passage through another house, which had planted its great broad back right in front of our windows, and 60 obstructed our view and shut out our light, Tbis want of light was what I always mast se verely felt ; for the rooms were large, lofty, and propor tionately gloomy ; and there was one with a painted ceiling that I dared not enter, for the figures, gaunt and writhing, always seemed alive up there in the gloom, and that notion haunted even my dreams. Old Rodney Gauntlet's own rooms were on the ground floor; they were like dungeons, but he never saw them eo. All the year round he breakfasted and dined bycindle-light, yellow wax lights, in old plated candlebra, red as copper, were always lit for him night and morning. That was his fancy, and, like all his other habits, had token firm root in him. Bridget and I lived up- stairs. Budget, by the way, was our one domestic—housekeeper, nurse, and general ser vant in one. She was as old as her master. Thin white locks peeped out from under her mob-cap bound round with a black ribbon, and shone like silver! Her skin was yellow and wrinkled ; her hands suggested claws, they were so hard and fleshless. But she had an eye bright and true as a hawk's ; it defied age. Bridget was my good friend, and almost sole companion. If I could have wished her other than she waB, it would have been in respect of her sense of Rodney Gauntlett' s goodness to me, and of the hard mea sure of gratitude she thought proper to exact from my un happy self in return. In this respect she was unflinching. I was never suffered to forget that I subsisted on charity, or that persons so circumstanced had no rights — they had only duties. As I was saying, our rooms were up-stairs ; thev were three in number, and formed the whole of the second floor. My share comprised a very large bedroom, that had been a reception-room in the old times, and a smaller apartment opening out of it. Bridget's chamber was outside mine, her door close to the top of the great staircase ; so that sleeping there, she, in a manner, kept watch and ward over me. That smaller room, in which I lived, was like a room borrowed from the last century. It was wainscoted, and had a high mantelpiece, carved over with Cupids engaged in festooning heavy wreaths about it. Above, there was an oval glass slanting forward so that it reflected all below it, only a fraction of its surface being hidden by a small clock, on ?which it appeared to re st. The furniture was in keeping : tables with carved legs and brass handles and fittings ; chairs with oval backs and striped moreen cushions ; escritoires with drawers and Indian jars — all these were conspicuous. Bat most conspicuous of all was a Japanese cabinet, very large and cumbrous, black as ebony, with quaint figures in 'gold and dead colours, in slight relief. It must once have been very costly, bat was now out of repair, and was only used as a receptacle for papers. I never recal my room without a thought of this cabinet. It is especially associated with the first visit of a friend of Rodney Gauntlett's, who afterwards came often te the old house — far oftener than I -cared to see him. I recall that -visit like a dream. I seem to see myself, a pale, slim girl, ?with hair of a reddish hue, so thick that it will never keep its place, in any knot into which I twist it, but is always hanging about my shoulders sludded with hair-pins. 'Tis evening, and I am close to the window, straining my eyes over a book in the failing light. The book touches me -deeply, and I am conscious that my eyelids are ted and that ihere are tears on my cheeks. While I am thus absorbed, the door opens, and Bridget ?enters, bearing in one hand one of the old plated candelabra with wax-lights flaring in it, and so preceding two other persons. One is Rodney Gauntlett himself; the other a stranger — a fine, tall, square- shouldered man, with an olive lace, black eyes, and shining white teeth. As I give a scared look, and toss back my cumbrous hair, it is Mr. Gauntlett who says, pointing to the stranger, ' Mr. Hugh Dimsdale, my dear, an esteemed friend of mine.' Wholly unused to visitors, I am confused, but mutter something to the purpose, and am conscious of having my hand squeezed, in a broad palm, and held there, a trifle — only a trifle — longer than I feel it to be neceesaiy. The memory of what follows is made up of throe incidents ; ihe impression that Mr. Gauntlett is gayer and brighter than I have ever seen him before ; that Mr. Hugh is embarrass ingly polite ; and this further, that whenever I catch his eyes wandering, it is always in the direction of the Japanese ?cabinet, which appears to have astrAnge fascination to him. That night's introduction was, as I have 6aid, followed by many a visit on the part of Mr. Hugh Dimsdale. It was not long before he declared himself my devoted admirer, and begged me to regard him as a suitor for my hand. My patron, too, hinted as delicately as he could, that such an arrangement would be gratifying to him. As for Bridget, she declared him to be the finest gentleman in the whole world, and was perpetually regarding me with her head on one side and her hands nosed in a sort of ecstacy of admi ration at my good fortune. But I received him coldly ; I ?could not like him; his coming chilled my heart. The touch of his hand distressed me so that I dreamt of it in the sight, and woke up with a shudder. Still he came and came. I had a suspicion that he knew how I loathed him, and glo ried in his power to inflict the torture of his presence ?on me ; gloried still more in suggesting a further horror. ' Am I never to prove ray love by showing how happy I can make you K' he would ask. ** I am very happy,' would be my cold reply. ' But as my wife F Ah, if we could only realise the future I have planned !' ' The present amply contents me.' So it went on. At last he lost all patience, and grew 'fairly angry with me. Whenever we met his words were liarsh ana his looks threatening. I could notendare this, and in one passionate outburst, bade him begone and trouble me no farther. ' I will never be your wife,' I said, ' I will die first. I hate you. Leave me.' He* obeyed ; but there was a malignant glitter in his eyes as he strode from the room ; and I saw that he bit his thin lips to bleeding to keep in the words with which, he would have cursed me. For more than a month I saw him no more. This mi^lit have surprised me ; but during the latter part of that tune I had no leisure to give a thought to him. My benefactor was taken ill. It was the winter time, and he was seized with a slight cold, of which he took no heed until inflammation followed, and ho was soon really ill. JEvcn then he would not deem himself an invalid, would siot sec a doctor, nor give up his daily pursuits. Within a week he was worn to a shadow ; his eyes sank, his shoulder* Tounded, and a cough tore fiercely at his lungs. I was ter rified, but he only laughed at my tears and declared that he would soon be better. On the eighth night of his illness I sat iate in my room. I could hear him ooughing below, but Bridget had brought a message that he was busy over his papers, and did not care to be intruded on. Having given me this message, and assured me he had all he could need for tho night, she had gone to bed. I was wretched, for I felt certain he was very ill and needed advice. Sitting there over tbe dying embers, I half-persuaded my self to go to him, in spite of his message, and entreat him to comply with my wishes in this respect. But he was not a man whose will could be thwarted, or who was open to persuasion. So I tried to bethink me of some fnend to whom I might appeal — one who had influence over him. One name alone suggested itself — the hateful name of Hugh Dimsdale. At the hare suggestion of it I cowered over the grate with a shudder. But it socmed to act as a spell, unde * its influence thoughts crowded upon me, my mind grew, morbidly active, and soon I was almost lost to consciousness in the bewildering perplexities of my own reflections. For an hour I might havo broeded thus. When I at length started, as out of a vision, I was conscious of a chilliness, and of its being very late. I put my hand to my waist for my watch, It wanted three minutes to two. W as that right by tho clock on the mantclpeice? I asked myself. In stinctively I looked up. The leaning oval glass reflected me as 1 sat. I saw my own face and figure, and I saw more. There was another face looking over my shoulder — another figure standing at my bade ! Yes, clearly and unmistakably I saw my benefactor. Rodney Gauntlett standing there, and bending over me with a strange pitying look in his face. ' You here, sir !' I cried, turning round frightened— I knew not why. 1 There was no answer. I half rose. As I did so the form receded from me. It went slowly, with the shuffling gait of an enfeebled mnn. The face waB towards me even whou there was the width of the room between us, Then it turned away. It turned towards tho Japanese cabinet, and I saw an uplifted fore -finger beckoning me to observe what fal lowed. The movement was so natural, so real, that it scared away the fears which were beginning to paralyse me ' Speak to me, sir !' I cried out, stepping forward as I spoke, u or if you are too ill—:' Tho finger was raised again, thiB time as if to silence me. Then the fAW half turned. 1 could catch the expression of tho eyes, and fol lowed them. They seemed to single out a spot— a rose-bud in the flower pattern of the cabinet — and then the pointing finger went straight to that spot. Unless I dreamed, the bud yielded under the pressure of the finger tip! I saw it sink and spring back to its place. Thon almost instantly a longnarrow panel fell out and dropped on the ground.. ?' You wish to show me tho secret of this?' I g-isped, looking up from tbe spot where the panel lay. To my dismay I ad dressed vncancy, The figure was gone. My alarm was intense. Had 1 seen the ghost of Rodney Gauntlett ? My conviction wa6 that I had. Yet the finger had touched the spring, the rose-bud had yielded, and there was the result before me. Could a spirit have done that ? If eo, for what purpose ? While more dead than alive, I asked of myself tbis second question, my eyes involuntarily turned toward that part of tbe cabinet from which the panel had dropped. A smill nperture had been laid bare ; evidently a secret recess ; and what it contained was clearly revealed to my gaze. It was a folded paper. Here again was something real and tang ible. It helped me to fight against the conviction that what 1 hod seen Mas supernatural ; though my frame shook with the terror of a ghostly visitation. With a tremulous hand 1 snatched at the paper and tore it open. Casting my eyes hurricdlv over it, I saw that it was a will— Rodney Gaunt* left's -will. Through a mass of blurred letters, I 'gathered that by means of it he revoked all former wilU, and then 1 lighted on these words, glowing, as they seemed, in letters of fire : ' ? all my real and personal estate, amounting at this present writing to three millions sterling, to Julia Gauntlett, otherwise known and designated by me as Julia Wyvem, my own true and lawful daughter ? ' I could rend no more. The words swam before my eyes. What ! was I Rodney Gauntlett' s own child P Wad it a fiction that he had reared me out of the love he bore his old friend P What mystery was here ? What could have prompted so strange so cruel a course? And now, why did he seek to atone for all by securing to me a fortune vast be yond computation ! These questions crowded to my lips. The awe, the marvel, the mystery of what was passing con founded me. My only proof of the reality of all was the crackling of the paper I grasped in my hand. That was real, and the cabinet from which 1 had taken it. Yes ; and hark ! The great bell of St. Paul's was chiming. Real enough that. I stood and counted the quarter chimes, and then the first for the hour — One : the second— Two. As the last echo died nway, I glanced again at the will. In the act of doing so, and stooping my head for the purpose, I suddenly fell heavily forward with a crashing sound in my ears. A blow had been dealt from behind, by an unseen hand, and under the force of it I dropped bleeding and senseless. More than a week had elapsed before the sense of life re turned to me. I was in my own bed, and Bridget's kindly face was bending over me. Pain racked my brow, and f was conscious of having suffered intensely. It was sometime before I was permitted to ask questions, or to receive in formation as to what had happened. At length Bridget gratified my curiosity to an extent. She informed me that uiv patron, Redney Gauntlett, had died on the night of wliich 1 have alluded, at three minutes to two, as nearly as Bridget could calculate, she being then the only person in the house except myself. Her reason for fixing the hour was, that at three minutes to two — the time at which the house clod: gave ' warning ' — she being startled by a strange noise, nad gone into his room only to find him dead in hiB chair. While there, a sound overhead apprised her of my fall, at the same moment St. Paul's struck two. On rushing up stairs she had found me on the floor where 1 had fallen, a6 she supposed, in hurrying to the sick man's aid, and with the back of my head bleeding. At this stage I interrupted her with two questions of the utmost moment to me. Was &he; quite certain that there was no person in the house besides ourselves ? She was quite certain. Did she perceive anything peculiar about the Japanese cabinet, or see any paper on the floor ? No. These answers startled me. It was hard to believe that I had been dreaming, and yet was it not more probable than that all of which I seemed to have a remembrance should really have happened ? The apparition, the will, the enormous fortune, the disclosure of my relationship to Gauntlett, the brutal attack by which I was overpowered — who would believe in the reality of these things r How could I even believe in them myself ? It was well-nigh impossible ; yet it had been so real, so terribly real to me, that I could not forego belief in it without a struggle. However, I kept my own counsel. I said nothing to Bridget ; nothing to the doctor when he came. In time I formed the further resolution — I would say nothing unless my impressions received some confirmation through subse quent events. One such confirmation they did receive — it was a very startling one. When Rodney Gauntlett's will came to be read, it was found that his fortune exceeded all belief. He had been money-giubbing and speculating all his life, but no one sus pected that he had died worth three millions of money !- His will disclosed that fact for the first time. When 1 heard the words I fainted. Here was a corroboration of what I discovered in my dream, or whatever it was, so strong that it utterly overpowered me. Unless I had read it in the paper I took from the Japanese cabinet, how could I have . thought of that sum? Such a thing was beyond coinci dence ; and when I came to myself, 1 eagerly demanded a sight of the will. It was handed to me, and one glance dis pelled all my illusions. It was not written on the jcaper I had seen, and it made no mention of my relationship to the testator. My name was there, but only for an annuity of three hundred pounds for life. The bulk of the vast fortune was left in other wav6, a very large slice falling to the share of the m«m 1 detested and had rejected, Hugh Dimsdale. Timo passed on. I had quitted the old house. AU I have related had become a thing of memory. Bridget was dead. Hugh Dimsdale had gone I knew not where— to the Indies 1 heard, but neither knew nor cared. I was receiviag my annuity, and enjoying a simple country life, over which the shadows of the past fell lightly. In the process of time I had almost persuaded myself out of the reality of what I long held as the mystery of my life. One winter evening an adventure ocourred to me. I was re turning home from a long walk. Tired, and anxious to reach my cottage, before dark, I took a short cut through a field adjoining a farm. In the field were several stacks of hay ana corn, and as I passed these I saw that a group of persons, evidently from the farm itself, were bending over some object lying on the ground. My curiosity was aroused, I quitted the path, and went towards them. As they moved aside on my drawing near, I saw that it was a man who was the object of their attention — a squalid man in the rags of a beggar. He was ill, haggard, starving — yet I could not mistake that face. M Hugh Dimsdale,' I exclaimed aloud. He shuddered as he lay, then looked up feebly, shading his eyes with a tremulous hand. With that hand he then beckoned me to his 6ide. Too weak to speak aloud, it was only by drawing iny ear towards his mouth that he could mase me understand what he had to say. It took this form : ° Julia Gauntlett — for that is your true, right name — I robbed you of all. I did it. Yes, y^s : no need to hide it now. I knew Gauntlett's last will was hidden in that cabinet —knew it from the first ; knew its purport, and strove to make you mine in consequence. Had you consented, we 6hould have shared the old man's millions— you and I. You rejected me and I had recourse to other means to get the latter will destroyed, so that I might benefit by a former one under which I was entitled. I was in the house when he died, his life shortened by my means. I passed from his room to yours, when I had made sure of the old will that left me 60 much. I came upon you as you had read the will you found— the true will in which he had acknowledged you as his child, and left you all. It was I who struck you down and secured that paper. I swear to you thit this is the truth.' ' But tell me,' I cried, ' what do you know of my father's motive in disowning me — of my mother — ' Nothing.' ' And this otherwill F' ' Destroyed. Consumed in the flames. The fortune can never be yours.' They were his last words, spoken with his stiffening lips —and they were true. Without the will, it was impossible for me to gain one penny more of my father's princely for tune than I now enjoy. The wealth he had designed as a recompense for the wrong he had done me— Heaven only knows why ! had flowed away into other channels, and could never be recovered. I had held the right to it for three xninutesonly : from the moment of his death — that in which he had appeared to me— until the villain's hand snatched it away. Only for three minutes out of a whole lifetime: but during that space my income exceeded that of any potentate is the world. It was at the rate of a million a minute. —Helgravia. Calcbaft, the London Executioner. — The Daily Telegraph publishes a letter purporting to come from the clergy man at whose church the City hangman attends. The writer, who signs himself ' Themis/' Bftye : — Much has been said to prejudice the public mind against poor Calcraft, whose only crime is that he is the minister of justice and tbe dread executor of the rigour of the law. I happen to know the man, as the minister of the church in which he worshipB, and a more worthy creature does not exist. To stigmatise him as a hard-hearted, cruel, low-lived, crawling, crouching, fawning wretch, which some of the papers, in connection with his duty aa public executioner, have done, is utterly wide of the fact. He is a good snd tender-hearted man, an habitual frequenter of a Church of England place of worship, where his white head and venerable appear ance is pleasingly conspicuous, though his identity is not generally known among the congrega tion. l'he execution of his duty is no pleasing topic of conversation with him; he takes no delight in gratifying curiosity by enlarging on the dismal scenes in which he takeB so necesB&ry; a part ; he is modest and unassuming. He is by trade a shoemaker, snd you might deal with him all your life, and have no more idea that he was the common hangman than that he was the Grand Lama of Thibet. He is a very devout attendant upon public worship, and a man of vary simple and straightforward mind, fulfilling all the relations of domestic and social life in a kindly and affectionate manner. Calcraft is no monster, ana no one, I am persuaded, will be better pleased than he that he has no longer to perform his unenviable i duty in the face of an e&cited; and often-iimeB perstedmob.' 