FIJIAN NEWS. The Fijian Weekly News of the 12th September says its readers will no doubt peruse with interest the following notice, which was posted at the Consulate during the past week : "As, notwithstanding several notices issued from this Consulate during the past four years, much apprehension still appears to exist among British subjects as to their position in Fiji, her Majesty's acting consul feels it necessary to call their attention to the following Bri £isli'subjects, arriving in Fiji for the purpose of trading, planting, or otherwise adventuring their poisons and capital for the advancement of their interest, do so at their individual risk, and they must not expect ships of war will at all times be placed at the disposition of the consul. Her Majesty's ships upon this station are appointed for the special protection. of the Australian colonies, of which Fiji does not form a part. Ships of war can only be sent to Fiji when the commodore or senior officer of the squadron considers the exigencies of the service pill so permit. Settlers occupying lands upon the coasts of the various islands form- ing this group may reasonably hope to obtain protection from native aggression or redress when the Opportunity arrives. If settlers indiscreetly, and in opposition to consular advice and remonstrance, push forward into the interior of thecountry,locat mg thomselvcsamongor contiguous toleration and cannibal tribes, they forfeit claim to any protection from Her Majesty's, Government. Violence or injury to their persons or property is a con- tingency they might reasonably have foreseen. It is desirable, therefore, the present and intending British settlers should understand they have no right to call upon her Majesty's Government for protection, when in the ardor and adventure of their individual pursuits they penetrate into re i, moto and barbarous countries. A Patent Coffin. The New York oouospon Most of the Otago Daily Times writes: " America is noted for the number of its now in position and patents. Some are useful, some are absurd from their significance. Thus, I saw \- lately a patent which consists in placing a small piece of elastic upon that part of an eye-glass ' which rests upon the nose. An infringement of this patent would subject one to heavy penalties. There are patents of everything, from a patent pin to a patent anchor. But one of the most extaordinary patents of all is the Patent Coffin. A trial of it was made on the 1st of September, in to present a large number of spectators. The inventor placed himself in the coffin, and was buried. At the expiration of one hour he made its appearance perfectly sound, and not a 'bit dead. The patent consists of two square hollow pillars which are scrolled into the coffin,' and which rise above the surface of the grave. In one of these upright holes is a flight of steps, up which the resuscitated . ghost can walk and enjoy the fresh air of the 'graveyard. Shelves are placed in convenient places, on which it is proposed to place refresh 'fronts, so that the dead persons shall not starve , Yfnilo the inventor was lying in his coffin, week '''night the stars, a curious spectator poked his " Lead over the shaft, and asked the buried alive ''if it was warm down there?' For this the J thoughtless individual Whs soundly lectured and abused by the audience, who regarded the question as personally indelicate. The inventor ex parts to realise a million from his invention. No one need now be afraid of not being dead 1 when lowered into the grave, as he can be com- " fortably buried to-day and go about his business to-morrow." 