THE LOGAN. (FROM OUR OWN CORRESPONDENT.) February 11. MAGNIFICENT growing weather now, everything looking uncommonly well, and autumn crops appear promising. As I intimated in one of my late letters. I am afraid that cotton is running too much to wood and where picking had commenced or pruned down cotton it is now stopped, and a most tre- mendous growth of wood is coming on. Young cotton, when the trees are well formed, should be "topped," and an endeavor made to get the most wool. The startling fall in the price of cotton has caused disgust in some growers who have taken a rather extreme method of pruning down the crop by chopping all up and planting corn. Sugar and gold digging is all the go in the Maryborough district, and the former, there is little doubt, will be all the go on the Logan next season. Sugar cultivation here, I calcu- late, will be, not only the order of day, but a great rage. The farmers have entered into an agreement with Captain Hope to make all their cane into sugar. A mill is to be erected by that gentleman at the junction of the Logan and Albert rivers, ready to take off the crop of 1869. The Executive Council has acceded to the peti- tion of the farmers for 320 acres to be appro- priated by Captain Hope as a site for a central sugar factory. The Logan farmers, twelve months before a cane was planted by them, ex- cept in their gardens, held several meetings upon the sugar-growing question, and in August last their agreements were signed before planting the cane. Captain Hope is at present in Sydney arranging with his agents for a large mill upon the most improved principles. It is quite true that some farmers have planted cane without any ghost of a chance of having it turned into sugar ; how- ever, that is their own fault entirely. Now that the vote for the roads is passed, I expect we shall see several little improvements effected on our roads. When the works, as far as practicable, are let by contract, we may ex- pect that the money will go a little further than hitherto ; and, coupled with Mr. Palmer's in- tentions of seeking the advice and co-operation of residents with Government road officers, the road question is very likely to be more satisfac- tory. With the amount voted it is scarcely necessary to point out that only the very worst places on the roads should be done at first ; then take the remainder of the money to clear- ing and making passable the most frequented roads. The bad place at Baker's slip rails, and several minor jobs, will make the Logan road pretty passable. A little culvert or two toward the Logan Catholic School on the road, would, perhaps, save the children many a "dirty brat" if it did nothing more. An invert at Log Creek, towards the saw- mills, and the scrubs and road about Eden's ferry, are decidedly the first jobs to go at. Then about £16 for clearing the road between Eden's and Tansey's, and also a little job of brushing in Jemmy Barr's scrub, on the Old Ford road. I hear that the district is to be left without a single policeman, but I can hardly believe that the Government are going to be so "penny wise," &c.; The policeman certainly has not much to do now and again, but if he was re- moved I think it is more than probable there would be a good deal to do. One of the prime motives of the police is that "prevention is better than cure," and I think the whole dis- trict south of Brisbane can't do with less than one policeman at any rate. 