MINING INTELLIGENCE. Oil Tuesday the business transacted did not nearly equal expectations, and a decline was submitted to in several quartz stocks. The rapid and heavy advance in Queen Victoria brought out rather more sellers than buyers, and the price eased to -Ia3. Prince Albert were quiet. Black Horse dropped by degrees to £17. "White Horse were quiet. Kangaroo Bob were dealt in at from 4Ss to 44s. There was an extensive demand for North Climes Consols, and by repeated and small advances they went to £5 15s, closing well. Victoria, Gordon, opened at £3, and after a small advanced closed at the same price. Flying Scud improved. The decline in quartz stocks was not severe, and will probably be but temporary, and prove a mere reaction after Mon day's unusually brisk and rising market. The system of securing a quick and small profit is becoming more generally adopted, and until people are content to accept a moderate profit rather than attempt to force shares up to an unreasonably high figure for a few days, during which there is a rush to get out, the market will never have anything like stability. The first dividend of the Park Company was paid and was welcomed by shareholders, who have at last received some reward for the manner in which they have brought the company through its difficul ties. The payment of the dividend cheques proved that there are some very heavy holders. Shares were in good request at £6 12s Cd cx dividend. Consols are placed at £7 and £7 2s Gd. St. George and Band of Hope United, and All Saints were very quiet. Great Gulf came iuto request and promised business. The following sales are reported:—Band and Albion Consols, £7, £7 2s Cd; Barb (promoters'), £14, £14 5s, £li 10a; Black Horse, £17 10s, £17 5s, £17; Flying Scud, lis, 15s, IGs fid; Great Gulf, 52s Gd; Great Northern Junction, £1G; Hand and Band, £9, £!) 2s Gd; Kangaroo Bob, 48s, 4Gs, 44s; London and Australian, 17s Gd; New North Clunes, £77 10s, New Ballarat, 3s; North Clunes Consols, £5 5s, £5 7s Gd, £5 10s, £5 12s Gd, £5 15s; North Star, 8s Gd; Park, £6 10s, £G lis, £G 12s, £G 12s Gd, cx dividend; Queen Victoria, 50s, 47s Gd, 45s; Rose Hill, new issue 41s, paid-up 72s Gd; Victoria, Gordon, £3, £3 2s Gd, £3 4s, £3; United Suburban, £2 15s, £-3; White Horse, 47s Gd; Webbville, 42s Gd. Break o'Day Company, Elder's Estate, Kokewood —The manager reports:—■" AVe have 148 oz 7 dwfc 18 gr for the week, making 304 oz 10 dwt 12 gr for the fortnight." l iie general meeting ui gimreuumurs 01 uie mum ul Hope imcl Albion Consols called for Friday next, to consider tlio advisability of removing Mr A. J. Forbes, the manager, is attracting a great deal of attention, and shareholders eagerly discuss the matter. Both sides will have strong supporters. Sir Forbes has issued a circular to shareholders, giving a statement of his reasons for drawing salary as manager of the Band of Hope, and also for keeping in his hands £100 as security against costs in the matter of the prosecu tion in re the Miners' Racecourse Company. Hand of Hope and Albion Consols—Tuesday's yield, 115 ox IS dwt. All Saints Company—The manager reports the works going on highly satisfactory. The main drive is in 105 feet from the shaft, the reef indicating that better progress will be made shortly. Preparations arc being made for fixing steam- jet in the shaft. The poppet-legs are being taken down, and will be length ened, so that the brace will be CO feet from the sur face, wluch. will ultimately benefit the company im mensely. Linton Junction Company, Linton—The present depth of shaft 200 feet. Still in hard rock. Although the water is rather heavy, sinking is carried on vigo rously, the whole of the machinery being in good working order. New Barkly Company—The manager reports the machinery all in position, and steam will be got up to day. The water will be got out at once, and contrac tors will commence to sink the shaft to the required depth, 16 feet more, and put in chamber and main drive on Monday morning. llosser's Freehold—Depth of shaft, 53 feet from the surface. No change in the sinking. Messrs Deutsch and Baile}', a deputation from a large number of shareholders of the Baud of Hope and .Albion Consols Company, Ballarat, for the pur pose of meeting the Geelong shareholders, proceeded to Geelong on the 23rd November. At a meeting of the shareholders in Gcdoiig oil the next evening, held, at the Black Bull hotel (Mr Noble in the chair), it was resolved that Mr Forbes, manager of the com pany, had forfeited the confidence of the Oeelong shareholders, and thoy decided to co-operate with the Baliarat shareholders in the removal of Mr Forbes. Mr Forbes was present at the meeting. Spring Creek Quartz Company, Hepburn—A meet ing of this company was lield at Bignell's hotel, 011 Tuesday, Mr D. Campbell in the cliair. The mining manager reported that pumping was started on the 15th September. After the water was pumped out work was commenced. The drive in the pump shaft had been driven to the east, and was found to inter sect the lode 55 feet east of the shaft. The lode had been driven along 41 feet to the south, and in many places was 20 inches thick. The drive would have to be put in 20 feet further before the shoot of gold could be got at in the levels above. A drive had also been opened to the north from the cross drive on the course of the lode. At first the lode was small, but had improved the further it was driven on, and varies at present from IS inches to 24 inches in thickness. The ground to the north of the shaft had not been worked. The lode is about S00 feet in' length to the north. At the south end of the claim there are six shafts, the deepest being GO feet. The stone at this part of the claim is very rich. The manager reported the receipts for the quarter had been £528 15s, and the expenditure £-398 lis. The report and balance sheets were adopted. Messrs J. Ditchburn, J. Cope land, Pollingtine, W. Luplau, E. Morey, and D. Ham were re-elected directors, and Messrs G. F. Smith and R. Ford auditors. Meetings this day:—Albion Quartz Company, 7.30, Prince of Wales hotel, Geelong; Korong Quartz Com pany, S, Imperial hotel. ■ Couxt Yon Atom's.—A friend who had an inter view with a passenger from Cape York has communi cated the following to the Gladstone Observer:—"The Hamlet's Ghost, with the spurious Count Attems on board, put into Somerset (Cape York) about the 15th of August. Oil being boarded by the police boat, he made enquiries as to whether a frigate had arrived there, and on being answered in the affirmative, be came agitated and eagerly enquired about her move ments, but appeared relieved when told that the ves sel was H.JI.S. Virago, aud that she had left the set tlement in January. He remained eight days, and during the whole time kept a bright look- out for ves sels in the oiling. The captain aud crew were dis charged in consequence of a row between the ' Count' and the captain, in which revolvers were drawn. The crew refused to put the captain in irons. It appears that the Count had kept them in awe by threatening to give them twenty-five lashes a piece when he fell in with the Austrian frigato ho was always expecting. Tho acting police magistrate in duced the crew to re-ship under a fresh agree ment, all but tho captain and steward, who remained behind. While in port the Count was always dressed in the uniform of an Austrian captain of cavalry, and wore a sword when on shore, lie made a great display of the money he had with him, and purposely left bills of exchange lying about his cabin for visitors to see, many of which were filled in for large amounts, and only wanted his signature. He succeeded in imposing on the authorities, taking supplies for his vessel and paying for them in bills, which the holders will doubtless discover are about as valuable as drafts upon Aldgate pump. Among those who were swindled are two naturalists—one named Thorpe. The count bought stuffed birds, &c.;, from them to the amount of about £30, but some slight compunction must have touched him, for, contrary to custom, he paid them half in cash and half by a bill. He sailed for Batavia on the eighth day, leaving letters for the captain of the Austrian frigate, and his bankers in Sydney. The frigate was ordered to follow him on to Timor. The captain he has with him is one Austin, late master of the brig Reliance, which was wrecked on the Solomon group. He was picked up and brought into Bowen, whencc he shipped as mate on board the Hamlet's Ghost. Two days after she left Somerset, the schooner Captain Cook arrived from Bowen, with a warrant for tho arrest of the VJ0UM. British and Foreign Bible Society.—The annual meeting of the Victorian Blanch of the British and Foreign Bible Society was held on Monday afternoon, at the offices of the society, in Swauston street, Mel bourne, the llev. George Mackie in the chair. The report for the past year was read by the secretary, the llev. Mr Wade, to the general effect that the commit tee regretted not being in a position to report so favorably regarding the affairs of the society as during the previous year, owing to the recent political diffi culties, and consequent want of money. The pro ceeds of sales for the past year amounted to £2110 14s 3d, including cash sales at the central depot and cash from the agencies. Tracts to the extent of 35,000 had been distributed among the different local societies, showing an increase of 2000 over the grants of the preceding year. In addition to this, books valued at £2 had been granted to the Be nevolent Asylum. The stock on hand at the depot on 31sfc of October last amounted to £2476 19s; in the hands of agents, £302 3s 9d; making a total of £2779 2s 9d, being £215 9s more than reported last year. The committee had also ex pressed an intention of doing away with some of the agencies. The total of cash returns from agencies for the past year is quoted in the report as £418 13s 7d, being £93 Ss 7d below the sales of the preceding year. In the financial condition of the society the committee also report a falling-off. The amount re ceired in subscriptions of 10s and upwards is £2SS 15s 6d, and in smaller sums £153 Is 2d, making a total of £441 10s Sd, less than the former year by £7S 3s Id. There is therefore a reported balance in the hands o£ the treasurer amounting to £102 10s 6d. The Rev. G. Matthew then moved the adoption of the report, which was carried unanimously. On the mo tion of the llev. Mr Strongman, the retiring office bearers were re- elected, with the exception of MrMuir, whose vacancy was filled up by Mr II. Harper. After tlie usual devotional exercises, tlie meeting separated. The "Working op the' 42nd Clause.—The returns .which..are beginning to reach.the Department of Land andWorks, from the agents sent out to investigate the working of the 42nd clause of the Land Act, are said to be satisfactory. One of the most complete, returns yet to hand is that which applies to the dis trict of Meredith and Stieglitz. The locality if; not an inviting one at the host, being mostly a past'ird' country, the greater and h-.v:t part of which was sold long ago. There, however, are scraps of land scattered about amongst sold lands. About 20,000 acres are held under license by 3:37 heads of families, represent ing over 1000 souls. On these lands permanent im provements have been effected valued at £26,000, while the crops now growing are estimated to be worth £13,000, and the stock upon the land £15,000. Of course all these lands were taken up before the late regulations were issued from the department. Land has also been taken up under the 12th section. We may add that information has reached the department that around Lake Cooper, in the distiict between Sandhurst and Echuca, there are now 10,000 acres under culture. Only four years ago the land in this neighborhood was untouched by the plough, and was supposed to be fit only for pastoral purposes. 