CASTING BELLS AT BALLARAT. At Ballarat, on 19th ult., the casting of a large bell for the Free Church of England attracted to Mr Higgins's foundry a large num- ber of ladies and gentlemen to witness the process. The Ballarat Star gives the follow- ing sketch of the scene :—" When the proper time camo, the oporatora throw into tho furnace some 3 owt or so of metal, consisting of old brass engine- fittings and blooks of copper and tin, more fuel was heaped on, the air-drum hummed and buzzed more vigorously, and as the sulphurous flames emitted more and more brilliance, the faces of.the spectators were lit up with a ghastly hue, as if they belonged to a crowd of ghosts huddling together to see a weird scene on the verge of Pandemonium. Presently, after the chief ministers in the rite had poked and probed vertically and horizontally into the hissing furnace, tho metal waspronounoedtobe ready for the flow. Then the iron ladle was sot beneath the bottom of the furnace, and the molten fluid rushed out, hissing, sputtering, glowing, bright, with leaping flames of blue that seemed to bite spitefully at the iron rod with which one of Vulcan's men skimmed off the dross whioh floated on the. surface. At this moment Mrs Wilson, who had collected a lot of silver coins from the company, threw them into the heaving metal, and thus contributed, let us hope, a silvery sweetness to the bell whioh is by-and-by to coll worshippers to tho church. The metal was then poured into the mould, and the whole process declared to bo safely completed. Sub- . sequently a smaller bell was cast, the pro cess boing in all respects similar to the larger affair. When the casting of the church bell was done, tho Rev. Mr Trevor, surrounded bj the spectators, approached the mould and said, — 'I pronounce this bell dedicated to the worship of God, by the name of St. David, in the name of the Father, the Son and the Holy Ghost ; Amen.' Cheers, hearty and re peated, were then given for the founder, and the ceremony was over, save that there was an adjournment to Mr Higgins's private house hard by, where temperate libations wore poured in furthor honor of the event of the day. The St. David bell is the largest overcast in Ballarat for church purposes, its weight being a littlo over 2 cwt, and its dimensions 26¾ inches at bottom, with a height of 23 inches. The smaller bell cast at the same time weighed about half owt. The next largest bell cast here for church ubo is that of St. Peter's, in Slurt-street. whioh weighs about 120 lb, and was cast nearly two years ago at the Viotoria Foundry, by Messrs Hunt and Opie. The same firm cast the largest bell yet made here, namely, the bell cast six or seven years ago for the Ballarat Fire Brigade, which weighed between 5 and 6 cwt. Mr Higgins, the caster of the St. David bell, is also the generous donor of the bell to the church, of whioh he is an active member and,a liberal supporter. He bears all- the expense of the process, and makes the bell a free gift to the church.'1 . . . 