THE BLACK PANTHER'S RAID. [From Temple Bar. I The third morning of my sojourn at the ■"Black Lakes," and therefore the third day of my acquaintance "with the "Rhinoceros Major," I was dreaming that I was sur * rounded by wild beasts of every ferocious kind, as numerous as formidable. The agreeable host was flanked by serpents, seemingly bent upon discovering the longitude in their own development; being longer than any £ had Been when awake. I was at a loss "to know which to kill first—thinking it more probablel should he killed first myself—when I fancied I heard a bugle sound the "chaise." The note was cheering, it promised help; but I could not look round to see who was coming "to the rescue, as 1 needed all my eyes to watch my assailants. Matters seemed to grow worse, my anxiety grew more intense, out another blast reassured me, and then another, louder still, awoke me just as I was pulling the trigger. I -lost a capital shot at a grim old tiger—a " man eater"—but though vexed at that, I was glad to find the whole affair but a dream—all but the trumpeting. That continued, though it came not from a British bugle, but from my sturdy friend the rhinoceros, who was beneath my aerial bed chamber, very impatient, and making a "terrible noise; mingling blasts of challenge and defiance with those sounds which denoted grief at receiving no response from me. T thought I had overslept myself, but my watch showed the hour was yet early. I •could only wonder the more at the din of " Rhino," who was certainly no successful rival in that accomplishment. He showed more earnestness and impatience than I have ever seen him reveal before. My next thought was that he was suffering from his wound, that he wanted me to dress it. 1 -drew on my snake boots to go down, and then looking at him, I saw his head was turned upwards towards the next tree to the one I inhabited; I looked in the same direction, and saw quite enough to account for " Rhino's" uneasiness, which was not upon his own account, but wholly on mine. In the tree, and upon the nearest to the branch upon which I slept, one of the largest and most hideously ugly black panthers I ever saw in my life was staring fixedly at me, as if fully bent upon risking a spring upon me, even at tbe great distance I was from him. That he was driven to the effort by the fiercest pangs of hunger I could see; he was long, lean, gaunt, and mangy—all de noting starvation, and all revealing the disagreeable fact that he was a confirmed " man eater." His restless eyes, which, although fixed in their gaze upoi me, darted quickly with a fiery expression from side to side in their bleared orbits, as if glancing from one of my shoulders to the other and hack again unceasingly. That he would have made the spring, which must have been fatal to me if he had touched any part of me long before I woke I was sure, but for the presence of the rhinoceros, whose uplifted horn, as he stood on the ground beneath, made any failure in the spring, certain death to the panther. " Thanks for your care and warning," I involuntarily said to "Rhino," and I said, it very gratefully. I saw the distance was within a panther's compass; 1 had often seen as much space cleared by one when spurred by hunger, and I was quite sure only the presence of the faithful rhi noceros had saved me from a disagreeable mauling in my sleep. There was not a cam Eanella in the neighbourhood, or I should ave been warned of the panther's coming; the bud. never neglects that duty. Rut for " Rhino" the beast would have risked the leap—he might not have secured a hold upon the tree in which I slept, in which case he would have fallen to the ground dragging me with him. Alone, I should have had a fearful mangling at least; but "Rhino" would have poked his horn into the brute the moment he reached the earth. Well the beast knew that. All animals fear that horn; those that never saw a rhinoceros shudder and shrink from it. 1 levelled my roer; the "Captain," I think, knew what would follow; he was all alive with expectancy. I pulled, the bolt crashed through the os frontis of the hideous, demon like head, and with a loud " thud" the beast fell upon the earth. The " Captain" blew a blast never heard from any instrument blown by man Giving me one brief satisfied glance, he sturdily moved to the panther, lying with a hole in its head that must have let life ont of any created beast. One paw moved; the " Captain" placed his horn beneath the centre of the carcase and sent it up " sky high," to fall again as heavily as before. The " Captain" cunningly eyed the ascension, and when at the highest point of elevation, where the body seemed poised for an.instanf, forth came a blast of warning and defiance to all panthers. Then he waited for the descent to repeat the exultation. How many times the hideous creature went skyward I do not know; the process was repeated while I breakfasted, until the mass of ugliness became a shapeless black bag of bones. What falln did not accomplish, the solid stampings of "Rhino's" massive feet did; he seemed resolved to make that panther a caution to all others. The first thing to be done after breakfast wts*to dreBS the "-Captain's" wound. I had just finished that when I heard a sound indicating the approach of panthers. A familiarity with, and a correct interpretation of sounds, form one of the lessons which the life of a hunter-and- a naturalist inculcates and enforces. It is essential to self-preser vation ; the eyes cannot be in every direction; while they do duly in front, the ears must be on the alert in the rear, - or on one Bide, or both. I was kneeling at the side of the rhinoceros, his head turned eastward, when short quick respirations, which I could determine as those of the panther after a brisk hunt, fell upon my ear. I knew they were stealthily drawing near for a spring; I could not doubt upon whom the spring was to be made. In the breathing of panthers while hunting, or immediately after, "there is a sound like the E flat of a siffleur, lowly uttered; occasioned, not as in the case of the siffleur, by an expiration, but by an inspi ration, similiar to the sounds made by horses that are called "whistlers" in stable patois. The breathing of a hunting panther is peculiar—the air is drawn in through the nostrils and expelled by the month. Without rising or turning, I bent down my head, looking between my side and my arm, and perceived two black panthers, as hideous and ferocious as the one I had killed, trailing their bodies upon the ground, by the efforts of their fore-paws chiefly, about twenty yards from me. They could not see the horn of the rhinoceros, his back being towards them, or they would not have come so near. I took my roer, which was never beyond my reach, day or night, and turned round, still upon my knees. The rhinoceros stared at me as he saw this manoeuvre, perhaps wondering what I was about. As he bent his head to me, I patted his face coaxingly, wishing him to remain quiet while 1 fired. He had permitted me to shoot over his shoulders, and I did not anticipate an objec tion to my then mode of firing, nor did he offer any. The eyes of the ugly brutes fiercely glared at me, seemingly disconcerted at my facing them; they paused. If it" be true that a lady who "hesitates is lost," there are epochs in the lives of panthers in which hesitation involves the same result. As their gleamingeyesrolledtoeach other, as if to ask " What is to be done now!" they were off me. A shot at the female—which I knew by experience is ever the worst to deal with in cunning and savagery—told effectually.. Her head dropped; she fought with the long grass desperately, tearing up the earth around her. I availed myself of the surprise of the male at the sudden discomfiture of his partner in mischief, and covered the orifice of his ear. With a conviction that his utmost span of life was limited to five minutes, I pulled. No sound, no motion, told that he was struck—he seemed transfixed to the earth when he felL I rose, patted the " Captain's" broad, honest face, pointed to the bodies, and he knownigly tossed his head, and trudged off to do the mangling. There was a little life left in the female, but the height to which " Rhino" dispatched her, and her subsequent fall, dashed it all out. The male was to all intents and purposes defunct. A park of artillery could not have done the work more effectually. " Rhino" elevated the one and then did the same for the other; thus alter nately keeping np the ball with both. I reloaded, for I fancied I had not seen or i heard the last of black panthers for that day. i "Captain Rhino" tossed the creatures till he tired of vengeance, and I examined the skins to see if they were worth stripping from the backs that had worn them so long. They were all mangy, the fur stripped off in patches, and the skin so scored over the faces, chest, and necks, that the creatures at a short distance seemed to be looking through bars of grey iron, which added to their bideousness, and. had made the aspect of the one that wished to make a dejeuner sans la fourchette of me appear more terrific. It was not worth while to use a knife about the skins, but it was desirable to get rid of the carcases. In such a climate they would emit odours to which I had an objection. I might have been fastidious iu my wish not to increase the impurities of the atmosphere, but the " Captain" might aid me in the indulgence of my weakness, if I could make him understand what I desired. A few tosses with his useful horn would hurl them into the lake, if he would obligingly do it. I began to play pantomime, in a style that would have made Grimaldi's ghost burst its thin sides with laughter if it had "walked" in Africa. I did not flatter myself I had made an impression. Either the " Captain" did not understand, or did not see the necessity of the work, or did -not care to perform it—I did not know which; but the "Captain" was wiser than I was—that is the truth—as the result proved. He seemed to see some- i thing down the side of the Eastern Lake, and grunted in a way which assured me he had business to transact there, forthwith, and that he desired my company. He began his slow march, looking round to me, as if to say " Come along;" and I went along, being in a compilable humour. We had gone about eighty yards, when I saw objects moving among the trees. A second glance showed ] they were panthers. From their "dodging" in and out, and sideways, I thought they were endeavouring to seize some animal on the land, quite close to the water, or at the , vesy edge of the lake. If I interpreted the j " Captain" rightly, he knew what they were j doing, and was quite bent upon putting a i stop to it. He had seen such things before, i I could only watch and wait. Wanting the i pre-knowledge which my friend possessed, i but could not impart to me, it seemed idle to form guesses. Enough for me to see the caps on my roer allright, so that when I arrived at some knowledge of the objects of the black invaders I might frustrate them, and give some account of the enemy. And sixty yards from the trees, around which the panthers craftily moved, the "Captain" halted. He was the leader in this little affair. I halted, as he did, waiting for orders. I had not long to wait; the " Captain" was prompt in action when the right time came, and had a quick eye and ear to perceive that time. A hideous head protruded at the side of one tree, another head made a similar demon stration at an opposite tree—both were quickly withdrawn. The "Captain" granted. Wondering whether that grant meant " look out," or " fire," I saw both heads recede again, as if watching some animal in or near the water. In a few seconds, a young hippo potamus, all fat and legs, darted out from seme trees, followed by another—it might have been his twin brother. In clumsy play they seemed to chase each other,, as they might think it, hut two sacks full of wet sand would have beeu nearly as agile, and quite as graceful. This, then, was the panther's game! For this they had invaded the lake district. Doubts vanished—I saw the matter as clearly as the "Captain" did. The young hippos rolled along like two Dutch cheeses, as fast as fat permitted, till they were about twelve yards from the trees—one, more venturous than his companion, went ahead further still That was the panther's timA; by an adroit flank movement, they cut off his retreat to the lake, and had no help been nigh, the ball of fat was doomed to feast the hungry raiders. They prepared for a simultaneous spring upon the victim. The " Captain" was greatly distressed—he knew what was coming—he was too far off to Jrevent it—he looked at me as if to see what would do. £ had no doubt, had he been alone, he would have rushed on, but he seemed to wait for me. Did he know that I could do execution at a longer distance than he could? It really seemed so; at all events I took it for granted, and levelled. There was a good chance of a fine-doable shot; the distance was short, the heavy charge of powder and the steel holts I used, instead of round halls, were so crashing that nothing possessing life could resist- them. My first shot took the panther farthest from me between the eyes; then all fire -with the ex citement of attack and the sight of a speedy repast, they afforded a sure guide for an aim. He-was just settled for the spring as the bolt struck. Dropping the ends of my barrels, I sent a bolt into the base of the skull of the other, which had his back towards me. I knew both shots were effective, as did "Rhino." He looked cunningly at me. I said, " Go at them, old fellow, they will not give yon the trouble of running after them;" and away he went. The poor hippopotamus was terribly frightened, his retreat quite cut off by two such revolting hideous creatures, still alive, as they seemed to him ; for the gaunt brutes retained all the semblance of life, and appeared to be in the act of springing, although as dead as their great grandfathers. He quivered with terror, and squeaked his fears shrilly, but was paralysed as regards motion. Not till the ''Captain" sent one panther np towards the clouds did the frightened fellow discover that he had legs. Then he quickly scuffled off to the bank, and bundled himself into' the lake; most ludi crously squeaking like a host of guinea pigs. For that day I am sore he was not tempted to go on shore again. His brother had gone i to the bottom long before. Ire-loaded. The "Captain" was more savage with these panthers than with any. Whether it was that he viewed them as trespassers upon his own peculiar domain, and that he considered hippopotami under his special protection, I knew not; but it was clear to me that, although he teased them himself, he would not saffer other beasts to hurt them. .He stamped them flat, and trumpeted fiercely. I would not have been a panther in his way that flay for a trifle. As he walked he shook the earth, and he emitted m&ny; sounds new to me and beyond my interpretation; but I could not fail to understand he was in a great passion, and would let all panthers know that if thev came in his way. While saving the young hippopotamus at the west end of the lake, the black invaders were destroying another at the eastern part. The shrill and squeaking cries of the victim drew us towards him, but we were too late to save—we could only avenge. The cries ceased as we hurried on. We found five hideous brutes feasting—made more hideous still by thegorethat covered theirfaces, necks, chests, and paws, all furiously tearing the rich unctuous flesh, hot and reeking, from parts of the body of a fine young hippopo tamus, which they had found ashore and had cnt off from his retreat to the water. All were so intent upon the gory banquet, that they neither heard nor saw our advent. Famishing as they were, this bountiful feast was so great a treat that they were all mouth. They had but one feeling, hunger ; but one faculty, to eat; but one desire, to feed to satiety. Sight, hearing, every faculty, every power, but that of tearing and swallowing, were all in abeyance for the time being. The masses of steaming flesh they tore away and swallowed were astonishing, More than half choked at each mouthful, they no sooner ! got it down than they recklessly essayed to separate a larger mass stilL If one ap- ■ pro ached another, fierce savage bites were inflicted, and the gory mouth returned to its j disgusting labors, while the beast that was attacked greedily continued to devour, regardless of the pain it felt or wounds i received, till some chance offered of slily. inflicting a similar injury, bat seemingly reckless whether it was upon the offending one or upon any other, lu this instance " Capt. Rhino" did not wait for me to begin tbe fight. He dashed up to the nearest panther, and plunged his horn completely through the lank body, drawing the brute off tbe reeking carcase, struggling, clawing, roaring, shrieking as he was, and threw him upwards to a height that would seem fabulous if stated. "When the beast came down he was not good for much. That he would be powerless the " Captain" seemed to be quite aware, for he turned to hoist another. Neither of the four missed the one taken; if they had, doubtless their notion would have been that there was more for them to eat. Their eyes were fixed upon the flesh to see where to get the next largest piece; they saw nothing else. The horrible noise of champing the flesh, sacking the ricb juices, blood, and oil, as they tore it off, ferocious growls and snarls, deadened all other sounds. Nothing turns ia panther from his prey. I have seen huge fiercely blazing pine brands taken from a camp fire dashed into their faces vainly. I poked the nose of one with the muzzle of my roer—-he only held on more closely. . I fired into his mouth—the rest only clutched their flesh more savagely. Not to waste powder I buried my tamahaac in the head of one at my feet. The "Gaptain introduced his horn beeween the ribs of another. When the last one was left he seemed not to know what had become of his companions. I was glad it was over so far, though I could not hope all was over. There were more panthers yet to come, and I was bent upon not leaving one alive if I could compass his death. The remains of the hippopotamus would be a good bait; when the " Captain" had done exalting the dead, I meant to leave them awhile, in the hope, of finding other panthers upon it on my return. The "Captain" expected more panthers, I was certain; if he had not he would have gone to wash off the gore by a general ab lution; for he was fastidious enough to subject himself to a charge of " old-bache lorism," in some circles. One drop of blood or speck of dirt disturbed his peace of mind, and he rubbed and scrubbed with all industry, looking, smelling, and scrubbing till all was gone. The "Captain" was no "fop," but he observed the decencies—cleanliness was a part of his creed, whatever the rest was. He listened, but heard no sounds indicating panthers; but still he seemed to fancy there must be more. His conduct, generally, satisfied me he had seen such invasions before. He, as well as I, was satisfied that all the invading host was not yet accounted for. I was thirsty; by gestures I asked my friend if he would go to the spring. He made no objection, but took another look round first, giving a glance at the remains of the hippo. He was so odd in his ways, and I so briefly acquainted with his natural language, habits, manners, &c.;, that I could not read him as I could an animal with which I was more familiar. I knew that look had a meaning —but what? Did he expect alligators? I fancied so, and thought it possible tbey would go if hungry: and whoever knew an lligator not hungry? There seemed no help for that; if they scented the flesh tbey wonldhelp themselves; but "Rhino's" looks at the trees told he had panthers in his head. I looked well: there were none. We went towards the spring, he grunting as usual, but ill at ease. Something was wrong —what I could not guess—might never know. He paused more than once to listen —he looked back—he turned. "Rhino" was right, poor fellow. He gave a blast, loud and sharp, I looked where he was looking, and saw a panther crouched upon a branch, eyeing the cold meat. I levelled the roer— the panther fell—" Rhino" was happy. The sagacious creature knew, by some sound I could not bear, there was one nigh; and hence his uneasiness. What a pancake he made of the ugly beast! "As flat as a pancake" is an axiom: "Rhino" llustrated it on the spot. Professor Faraday.—At the last sitting of the Academy of Sciences, M. Dumas announced the death of Professor Faraday in the following terms:—"The labours of that incom parable philosopher are known to the whole world; but the ineffable kindness, frankness, and ingenu ousness of his nature could only be appreciated by his intimate] friends. It is nearly fifty years ago when X first met Mr. Faraday, and from that time I had frequent intercouse with him. I therefore had an opportunity of watching his glorious upward progress, and saw his natural and simple modesty increase in the same proportion as the strength of his genius and the splendour of his services. If his discoveries have immortalized him, and if he is remembered as one of the most fruitful minds of this century, he also leaves to the honour and dignity of science, be it said, tbe •sample of a pure life and a noble heart. England will not be alone in mourning his death." News.—The word news is not as many imagine derived from the adjective new. In former times (between the years 1595 and 1730) it was a prevalent practice to put over the periodical publications of the day the initial lettera of the compass, thus:— N E+W S importing that these papers contained intelligence from the four quarters of the globe; and from this practice is derived the term "newBpapur;" —Dictionary of Dates. 