JABEZ LAPSTONE: A LEGEND OF MOUNT IMLAY. FOUNDED ON FACT. (By our Eden Correspondent.) At the time when the Imlays were lords of Bega, and owned extensive possessions at Towamba, there lived in the latter locality a cobbler, by name Jabez Lap stone. He had a thrifty wife and two children and lived on the bank of the river in the midsf of a small patch of land, by the cultivation of which he eked out the scanty sums he made by his cobbling. He was not ambitious, and so long as he could obtain the necessaries, the luxuries of life did not trouble him much. In person he was short and squat, and boasted a red and bushy crop of hair and whiskers. As for his other qualities, they will speak for themselves, and I beg to introduce him to our readers as on the point of coming home from the then thriving little port of Eden, where he had been to purchase a side of leather. Ere the cobbler had ridden many miles on his homeward journey, night had set in, and the heavens were studded with innumerable stars ; but Jabez was not afraid of the night—not he. He had never seen a ghost; and he reckoned he was no wiser than other men; and as he comforted himself with this cheering re flection, he let the reins fall on the neck of his trusty and sure-footed cob, and pro ceeded to calculate how many pairs of soles he would be able to cut out of his newly bought roll of leather. Presently the moon began to shed her silvery light above the horizon, and in proportion as her broard disc rose higher and higher in the heaven, so rose the spirits of Jabez Lapstone, and anon he broke the silence of the night by singing, with lusty lungs, snatches from various popular songs, occasionally ceasing from his tuneful melodies to take long pulls at a short black bottle that he carried in the capacious pocket of his pea-coat, and from which, as he drew his reluctant lips, there emanated a decided flavour of rum. " Yes, sir! I said rum. Don't suppose that I wish to malign the worthy cobbler -} but if there was one failing that he possessed in greater degree than "others, it was a strong predeliction for that intoxi cating spirit." On and on jogged the wiry little cob, up and down the steep and rugged sides of Gainer's Hill, through cr6ek, and gully, and scrub, while the tree-frog croaked and the night owl screeched fioin the shadowy branches of the moonlit trees. Soon is heard the rush of the Towamba river, and the horse quickened his pace, for instinct told him that home was near. The night breeze blew cold as they crossed the river, and the cobbler alighted on the other side to stamp the warmth into his cold feet. The frequent attentions that Jabez had paid to the black bottle were not without their effect upon his mental faculties— never of the highest order—and certain it is, that when he remounted his horse, he turned its head towards a small cattle track that led away into the mountains, instead of allowing him to take the regu lar path up the river. If the man was drunk, the brute was not, and it was not without some spurring and more swearing that the cobbler could induce his horse to take the wrong track. Jabez signalized liis triumph by treating the cob to a maudlin lecture on the folly of obstinacy. The horse continued sulky, however, and before they had tiavelled two miles from the river, he came to a dead stand. * Now Jabez Lapstone, though a good cobbler, wa3 a little pot, and soon hot, and he grew.wrath at the unruly conduct of his usually obedient beast, and an obstin ate contest ensued between man and horse, which naturally ended by Jabez being pitched head first into a cluster of fern, where, ere the sound of his retreating horse's hoofs had died away, the indig nant cobbler fell fast asleep. The suu was shining brightly when Jabez Lapstone awo^e from his drunken aluuiber, squatted on his hams, and looked around with blank dismay; not a feature of the scene could he rccognize, and it was with a feeling much akin to fear that the j cobbler strove to collect his thoughts. His head ached painfully, and he would I have given much for a drink of cold 1 water. Altogether, Jabez Lapstone felt very queer indeed, and very repentant; in fact, so repentant did be feel, that he swore by the " bones of his grandfather the sexton"—his favourite oath—that he, Jabez Lapstone, cobbler of Towamba, would religiously abstain from all spirit uous 'and intoxicating liquors from that day forth. Hardly had he framed the words, when he espied the neck of the black bottle sticking between the ferns. With a cry of joy, he sprang upon it; with trembling han,ds he draws the cork, and puts the bottle to his feverish lips. " Hurrah! there's a drop in the bottle still," and gulp, gulp, the fiery spirit trickles down his throat, until, with a sigh of mingled regret and satisfaction, Jabez had drained the bottle dry. " By the bones"—and he stepped short ; the thought struck him, that but lately he had foresworn rum for ever; he had been ,tried in the furnace and found wanting. Jabez Lapstone felt very small, and gave the empty bottle a vicious kick. Pliant conscience whispered, "First fault, old fellow," and the shame of Jabez vanished at once. u It's no greajfc odds about that little gup," quoth he, and lit his pipe, and takipg, as he thought, the right direction, strode manfully out for the river. To be continued. A Remarkable Story.—An incident is just now being discussed in military circles,/so extraordinary that, were not the truth capable of being vouched for by official authority, the narration would be deemejl absolutely incredible. The Liver pool Post relates it as follows :—" Our officer#-quartered at the Oape between fifteen and twenty years ago, may remem ber a certain Dr Barry, attached to the medical staff there, and enjoying a repu tation for considerable skill in his profes sion, especially for firmness, decision/ and rapi^ity in difficult operations. He was clever and agreeable, save for the draw back of a most quarrelsome temper, and an inordinate addiction to argument, . which perpetually brought the former peculiarly into play. He was excessively plain, of feeble proportions, and laboured under the imperfection of a ludicrously squeaking voice. Any natural (chaffing' with regard to these, however, especially roused his ire, but was at length discon tinued on his ' calling out' a persevering offender, and shooting him through the lungs. About 1840, he became promoted to be medical inspector, and was trans ferred to Malta. There he was equally distinguished by his skill and by his .pug nacious propensities, the latter becoming so inconveniently developed upon the slightest difference of opinion with him, that at last no notice was allowed to be taken of his fits of temper, fie proceeded from Malta to Corfu, where he was quar tered for many years, still conspicuous for the same peculiarities. When our govern ment ceded the Ionian Islands to Greece, and our troops, of course, quitted the ter ritory, Dr Barry elected to leave the anny, and take up his residence for the rest of his days at Corfu. He there died a short time ago, and upon his death was dis covered to be a woman! By investigation, not only was the discovery placed beyond a doubt, but it was equally beyond a doubt brought to light that the individual in question had, at some time or another, been a mother! This is all that is as yet known of this extraordinary story. The motives that occasioned, and the time when commenced this singular deception, are both shrouded in mystery," Cards.—The origin of playing cards is of so ancient a date that no one has been able to discover exactly how long it is; we know that they have been found in nearly every country, differing from each other in the figures and number in the pack, but all bear ing a general relation to each other. In Hindostan cards have been used for hundreds of years; and there is a pack of cards in the British Museum, given by a Brahmin, in 1815, to a sea-captain, and said to be 1,000 years old. In China cards were used as long ago as'1120 A.D. Chinese cards are oblong, whereas in Hindostan they are round. Some historians say that cards were invented in France, in the time of King Charles VI., in order to turn his mind from the mel ancholy mood into which it had fallen; but others say that cards were known in France long before. Card making became quite a business in Germany ; the suits then were hearts, bells, acorns, and leaves; there was no queen, a knight filling her place. In the year 1420 gambling by cards was so extensive, that St. Bernadin preached a sermon against it, and so eloquent was he, that all who heard him brought their cards and burnt them in a public square. King Henry VII. of England was a great card player ; and his daughter, Margaret, inherited the penchant, for when James IV. of Scotland first saw her she was playing at cards. He after wards married her. King James I. was fond of card-playing, but he was so stupid and lazy that some one had to hold the cards for him. The fn»r suits that we are most familiar with •—diamonds, heairts, spades, and clubs —were derived from the French. Many years ago the French named, the four kings David, Alexander, Csesar, and Gharlemagne. At the time of tlie French Revolution the kings were left off, and Moliere, La Fontaine, Voltaire, and Rousseau filled their places; and the four queens were ex changed for figures of Prudence, Tem perance, Fortitude, and Justice. In America, about seventeen years,ago, a pack of cards was issued in New York without kings or queens. Washing ton^^ the president of hearts, John Adams' df diamonds, Franklin of clubs, and Lafayette of spades. For queens they had Venusj Fortune, Ceres, and Minerva j the knaves w^re^^resented by Indianji^iefe. Since.rae^butherii war com^inced, th§* JfTjiipia cards have Libei^^^th^ place o^queetf, a colond for^^ Wiig1, a major for th^ knava^aad are ftjgj,, 