CONSECRATION OF ST. ANDREW'S CATHEDRAL, SYDNEY. (Abridged from the S.M. Herald.) THE CATHEDRAL. The history of the Cathedral Church of St. Andrew dates from as far back as the month of August, 1849, nearly fifty years ago, when Governor Macquarie laid the original foundation stone. After that proceeding there was a cessation of the work for some considerable time, owing, it is believed, to the funds having been diverted to buildings of a parochial character. According to the testimony of the Hon. Charles Cowper (for several years premier of this colony) that gentleman was himself present when the first foundation stone was laid ; but during the long time that the project remained more or less in abeyance, a change in the site was, for some cause, decided upon, which necessitated a relaying of the foundation stone' many years afterwards. St. James's Church was commenced and took precedence of the projected Cathedral. At this time, and until the year 1835, the present diocese of Sydney formed part of the diocese of Calcutta. In 1830 the late Dr. Broughton was con- secrated Bishop of Australia, and in the following year, on the return of that Prelate to Sydney, he re- verted to the design which had been initiated by Governor Macquarie. The foundation stone was thus are laid by Sir Richard Bourke, the Governor, on the 10th May, 1837, during the episcopacy of the late Bishop, whose name and designation (as the first and Sole Bishop of Australia) are inscribed on the north pillar next to the Communion rails. At this resumption, or rather real commencement, of the work, the old foundation stone was removed and placed in its actual site, other expenses being also incurred in commencing the present building. This site for the building was at length satisfactorily determined by a grant from the Crown, made on the 15th day of January, 1850, but singularly enough, not taken up by the Church authorities until as late as the year 1860. The structure made some slight progress after the re inception of the undertaking in 1837, but, from a variety of causes, did not get on as fast as might have been expected, considering the great wealth of the religious body to which it belonged. Twenty-eight years ago the walls were not more than five or six feet high, all round and after an increased impetus had been given to the work, and the walls of the choir were built, it remained, for several years more, unroofed a more unsightly shall, wholly devoid of any use or architectural beauty. In this earlier part of the history of the church the architect was Mr. James Hume, recently deceased. - On Mr. Hume re- linquishing the post of architect he was succeeded in 18.0 by Mr. E. T. Blacket who made several improvements in the architectural details of what had already been built, and greatly modified and improved the entire plan ; Mr. Blacket has continued to be the architect up to the present day. In 1840 a committee was formed for the purpose of completing the Cathedral, and that committee has carried on the work up to the present time. It was on the 23rd of July, 1855 (when the present bishop was in attend once at a meeting of the committee) that it was discovered no grant of the land had been properly applied for but the oversight was promptly rectified, and a grant obtained from the Government in about a year afterwards. The projected edifice had of course been somewhat delayed by the death in England of Bishop Broughton, and the unavoidable delay that followed, pending the appointment of his successor, the present Bishop. On his arrival there however, a renewed energy was displayed, and it was resolved that St Andrew's Cathedral should be completed for use. In 1860 the Building Committee waited upon the Metropolitan (who according to the terms of the grant was the trustee), being desirous of knowing what were his views on the matter with regard to the purposes of the building, and the mode in which it was to be used. The answer of the Bishop entered on the minutes of the committee, on the 27th December, 1860 was of such a character as gave them every encouragement t<rprocood. From that time to this the building has steadily progressed, being materially assisted towards its present state of completion by the large contributions of persons who have subscribed towards some special objects in connection therewith such as the windows, carved woodwork, pulpit, and other similar details ; the great cost of which could not be conveniently provided for by any general subscription. In the month of July, 1860, a public meeting of the members of the Anglican Church in this colony was held in St. James's Schoolroom, presided over by the late Governor, his Excellency Sir John Young. The result of that meeting proved to be eminently satisfactory. Public interest was once more fully awakened. In that, and in the following year £9500 was subscribed by the general public for the completion of the structure; £1400 being also received through the Bishop from the Moore Estate Two thousand five hundred funds were also collected by ladies in the diocese, for the purchase of an organ and a sum of three hundred pounds was subscribed by children for a baptismal front, The disbursements of the committee between January, 1865, and August, 1868, amounted to more than £12,000 and there did not appear to be any prospect of difficulty in getting all that should yet be found necessary. Thus, at length, on the meeting of the Diocesan Synod in August last, it was announced that the church was so far completed as to authorise the hope that, with some additional exertion, it might be possible to have it opened on the 30th of November (St. Andrew's Day). A special Ordinance for establishing and regulating the constitution of the Cathedral was, on the 4th of August, introduced by Mr. Alexander Gordon, the chancellor of the diocese, into the Synod and having thee been fully discussed and amended, it was read a third time and passed on the 13th of that month. In pursuance of this arrangement the Chapter of the Cathedral has been made to consist of the Bishop, the Dean, the Chancellor, the six Canons, and six laymen. The Canons are in office for life, but the lay members are subject to election every six years. A great meeting was held in the edifice, on the 13th of August last, at which the Earl of Belmore presided-the object of the meeting being to organise some movement for obtaining the funds required. Those steps taken for the purposes of public worship, have proved to be successful, for St. Andrew's is to be consecrated to-day. St. Andrew's Cathedral is of comparatively small dimensions, for it is, within the walls, rather less than 160 feet long by 62 feet in breadth, the transept being 110 foot long by 14 feet only. It, of course, will bear no proportion, in point of size, to the great Cathedrals at home, but in its appropriate decoration and internal arrangement it is considered by competent judges, to bear comparison with many such structures of a far greater size. The whole building (choir and nave) is not more than night foot longer than the great choir of Chichester Cathedral ; but it is, on the other hand, eight feet longer than Oxford Cathedral altogether, and not more than 20 feet loss, in its entire length, than that of Bristol. It consists of a nave, choir, and sacrarium, and north and south transepts. It was a part of Mr. Blacket's plan to have had a low lantern tower at the inter section of the cross, but that design has, it is believed, been abandoned There are to be two towers at the west end of the nave, and pinnacles are to be added along the top of the outside walls. in the choir there are nine windows ; three in the north wall and three- in the south and two similar windows on either side of the Order. In the north transept, there are three windows, and in the south is the organ and whatever openings for light are required. In the lower part of the nave are ton large windows (five in each lateral wall) and, two similar windows on either side of the Apostles' window in the western front-all (thirteen in number) i. s 'in, 1 filled with richly stained glass. Besides these windows the entire church is still further lighted with clerestory windows corresponding to those we have mentioned. It is a Gothic building in what is usually known as the later Decorate Style, inclining, in some of its exterior details, to the Perpendicular. Although it is to be the Cathedral, or Mother Church, of the whole diocese, it will also have to serve for the purposes of a Parochial Church for the ecclesiastical parish of St. Andrew, one of the central districts of this city. In proceeding to describe the interior we shall begin by observing (what has above been noticed that on the north pillar, next to the enclosure of the Communion Table, is inscribed the name of the late Dr. Broughton as Bishop of Australia, the name of Dr. Barker, the present Bishop being carved in a similar manner, upon the corresponding pillar, on southern side. The six pillars in the nave bear the names and designations of the Metropolitan and Suffragan Bishops who met, in this colony, in Conference, in 1850\. They are in order as follows William Grant Broughton, Bishop of Sydney and Metropolitan ; George Augustus Selwyn, Bishop of New Zealand ; Francis Russell Nixon, Bishop of Tasmania ; Augustus Short, Bishop of Adelaide ; Charles Perry, Bishop of Melbourne and William Tyrrel, Bishop of Newcastle. From the official account which has been published we learn that all the stained glass windows of this church, twenty-six in number, are (with three excep- tions the gifts of individuals and it needs no one to inform those who have visited the building that most of these windows are in the highest style of modern art. The windows on the south side of the nave, or body of the church, represent the miracles of the Saviour, the corresponding windows on the north being illustrative of our Lord's parables. The two western windows represent the Transfiguration of Christ, and the Baptism of our Lord the latter being at the extremity of the northern aisle next to the | baptistry. The two corresponding windows, at the east end of the two side aisles, are the Last Supper, and the Resurrection. The windows on the north side at the choir representative oventsmour Saviour's life prior to His ministry, whilst the windows opposite are devoted to events after the Crucifixion Thus a connected series has been given in the designs, so as to harmonise throughout. , ' ' . THE CEREMONY OF CONSECRATION. On the morning of St. Andrew's day, in the presence of a very great concourse of persons;, the Anglican Cathedral of St. Andrew, in this city, was consecrated according to the rites and ceremonies of the Church of England bythe Metropolitan Bishop (the Right Rev. Dr. Frederick Barker), who was assisted by the Suffragan Prelates-the Bishops of Adelaide, Melbourne, Newcastle, Brisbane, Goulburn, and Tasmania together with the Deane Sydney, Canon, Vidal,. Stack, King, and O'Reilly, and a large body of clergymen. This fine building has, therefore, after the lapse of many tedious years, at length been opened for the performance of Divine service. in conformity with the use of the Church of England. At half-past 10 o'clock the Metropolitan and his six Suffragan Bishops began to assemble in the temporary building on the north side of the cathedral, where they were joined by about seventy clergymen. Thence the prelates (in their episcopal habits) with their clergy (vested in hoods, stoles, and surplices) walked in procession across the enclosure on the north of the church to the Great Western entrance, where they were met, at about five minutes to 11 o'clock, by the Very Rev. Dean Cowper, with other members of the Chapter of the Cathedral. There the Dean, on behalf of the Chap- ter, presented to the Metropolitan the formal petition for the consecration of the Cathedral Church of St. Andrew, and the document was read aloud by Mr. Barker, the registrar of the diocese. The Metropolitan Bishop intimated that it was his intention to comply with the prayer of the petition, whereupon the Dean and Chapter having joined in the procession the Metropolitan (followed by the other Bishops and Clergy in attendance), proceeded up the middle of aisle to the altar, repeating alternately the 24th Psalm Dominic est terra). The Bishops having taken their places within the Communion Rails, the sentence of consecration was read by the Chancellor and signed by the Metropolitan. The document was handed to the Registrar to be registered, which being done it was returned by that officer to the Bishop, and by him laid upon the Communion Table. Then the Metropolitan standing on the north side of the Lord's Table turned to the congregation and said a "Dearly beloved in the Lord, fore is much as devout and holy men, as well under the Law as under the Gospel, moved either by the secret inspiration of the Holy Ghost, or by the express command of God, or by their own reason and sense of order and decency, have erected houses for the public worship of God, and separated them from all profane and common uses ; which godly practice bath a manifest tendency to fill men's minds with a becoming reverence to the Divine Majesty, and to affect their hearts with devotion and humility in the service of God ; let us humbly hope that our Heavenly Father will favourably approve our present purpose of setting apart this place in solemn manner for the performance of the several offices of religious worship and let us faithfully and devoutly beg his blessing on this our undertaking." Then followed the Lord's Prayer, in which the whole congregation (consisting of between three and four thousand persons), joined and next was said the prayer " 0, Eternal God ;" after which the Metropolitan repeated the six collects having special reference to the future ministrations of the Church in-that building, imploring Divine blessing upon the same. The morning service then commenced, the Proper Psalms being the 84th, the £22nd, and the 132nd. The first Lesson was taken from the eighth chapter of the First Book of Kings, from the 22nd to the 62nd verse. This lesson was read by the Very Rev. the Dean of Sydney. The Second Lesson (taken from the fourth chapter of the Gospel of St. Luke, from the 14th to the 21st verse) was read by the Rev. Canon Stack. Hore, and in the subsequent service, the collect used was that of St. Andrew's Day, with a special prayer for the occasion. In the ante-communion service the opening prayers were read by Dr. Short, the Bishop of Adelaide. Dr. Thomas, the Bishop of Goulburn, read the Epistle the Gospel being read by Dr. Perry, the Bishop of Melbourne. In this service, as in the Order for Morning Prayer, there were several special prayers for the occasion ; one after the Collect for the Queen; and one after the Prayer for the Church Militant. The first anthem (in the Morning Prayer) was the 1st, 2nd, and 4th verses of the 84th Psalm, Queen Dilecta (Richardson) The (first hymn was " Christ is made the Boro Foundation, (St. Werburgh) and the second, that before the sermon was the well-known hymn beginning with those words - " Jesus calls us o'er the tumult," &c.; (Bath). In consequence of the length of the service there was no voluntary. The prees and responses were Tallis, and the Vemtc, that by Philip Hayes. The chants of the Proper Psalms I wore by Hine, W. Hayes, and D. Purcell. The 'Te Deum, Gregorian ; fifth moon, 2nd ending, and seventh time, 1st ending. ThoJ.yiiV.in the ante-communion service were by Never, in F, and the chant for the Nicene Creed, by John Goss. The Sentences at the Offertory (a very large one) were read by Dr. Tuff nell, the Bishop of Brisbane and the Prayer for the Church Militant was said by Dr. Bromby, the Bishop of Tasmania. The METROPOLITAN then preached a Sermon. ' Text: Matthew iv., 19, "Follow me, and I will make you fishers of men." After the sermon the Holy Communion was administered. The entire service was of a Cathedral character, the morning prayers being very ably chanted, in monotone, by the Rev. J. C. Corlette, the Precentor. The responses and the Psalms were chanted by seventy-six lay clerks, and choristers. The offertory was given to the Building Fund. His Excellency the Governor and Lady Belmore were present. The appearance of the interior during the services was very striking, the thousands of worshippers, and occasional bursts of music having a most impressive effect. Mr. Montague Younger presided at the organ, and, it is almost needless to say, did full justice to the remarkable powers of that instrument. The chanting was excellent; indeed the entire service appeared to give very great satisfaction to all present, many of whom had never before seen the interior of St. Andrew's. There was a Cathedral service in the evening, at which the Bishop of Adelaide preached. On this occasion there was also a very large congregation, the public (as in the morning being admitted by tickets, so as to ensure perfect order, and to prevent the church from being dangerously overcrowded. At this service the prees and responses were by Tallis, the Psalms, 147 and 118, Gregorian, 5th tone, third ending the 149th Psalm, also Gregorian, 8th tons, first ending; and the 150th Psalm, to a chant by Pelham Humphrey. The Magnificat and Nunc Dimittis worn by King in F, the creed by John Goss and the Anthem-" Lord for thy tender mercies' sake," by Tarrant. The hymns were, " The Son of God goes forth to war" (Dr. L. Mason), and "The strain of praiseth Interest. THE LUNCHEON. About 180 gentlemen sat down to a sumptuous luncheon, which was served in the Masonic Hall at half-past 2 o'clock, and which was provided by M. Compagnoni, of Pitt-street. There were four rows of tables, with a fifth table extending along the western end of the hall. The provisions were excellent, and the wines were of the host quality. His Excellency the Governor, occupied the chair, and upon his right hand were seated the Bishop of Sydney, Sir Alfred Stephen (C. J.), the Bishop of Melbourne, the Bishop of Brisbane, the Hon. John Campbell, the Bishop of Tasmania, Mr. C. Campbell, the Rev. G. Vidal, and other gentlemen. On the left of his Excellency Were seated the Bishop of Adelaide, Sir William Manning, the Bishop of Newcastle, Mr. Alexander Gordon, the Bishop of Goulbourn, the Mayor of Sydney, the Hon. T. Icely, Judge Francis, the Rev. W. Stack, Mr. C. Cowper, and Mr. T. W. Smart. Among the guests were nearly the whole of the Anglican clergy of the diocese of Sydney, and a large number of the influential citizens. The hall was neatly decorated for the occasion, and presented a very gay appearance. 'The speakers were n. E. the Governor and the Bishops of Sydney and Adelaide The toasts were the usual loyal toasts, the health of the Metropolitan and Suffragan bishops of Australia and the health of H, E, Lord Belmore, > ' ' 