DAILY ISSUE. SATURDAY, 15th FEBRUARY, 1868. On Thursday evening Mr Higinbotham ad dressed tlie electors of Brighton, and made a very eloquent and very characteristic speech. He put the case for the ministerial side in the most forcible manner that it has yet, v,_e think, been stated, and his arguments present a very striking contrast tortile dreary drivel and bom bastic assertions of the ruck of ministerial candidates and the small patriots of the minis terial press. We cannot congratulate Mr Higinbotham on the tone of his speech, because it was—as his speeches usually are—based on the presumption that his opponents are alto gether vile and wicked, and cannot approach in the least to the mens conscia recti of the speaker. Mr Higinbotham and a great many of his party appear to be haunted by the ghost of a Collins street swell. 'When they speak they upbraid the swell, and their happiest boast is, tliat tliis swell shall not trample, as they appear to think lie ardently desires, upon the liberties of the people and our democratic institutions. Was Mr Higinbotham in this respect capable of learning, he might have seen from the votes polled at the recent elections that there is another party in the colony besides that mys terious one which generally goes under the name of " the upper classes," a party which be lieves in something better than the counting of heads, and which holds that experience should not be rejected, nor the teachings of statesmen despised. But the diiference between a cry and a craze is not great when men are in poli tical strife. The swell, invented to please the crowd, and rally the people under the banner of old animosities, has become for some a real living being, andtroubles their rest so much that they fight with shadows as earnestly as if they had before them the most substantial foes. The ghost will, no doubt, continue to walk for some short time yet, but already he scents the morning air, and soon must vanish, to the great loss of the ministerial advocates, who liave horrified alike themselves and their fol lowing with all the terrors that a vague danger can inspire. Ministerial manners are not, however, a profitable study. Stuart Mil], who thinks that if one man differs from all the world that man should have a patient hearing, has not taught them wisdom, and they can see nothing but downright wickedness in all who are not charmed by their sweet voices. We propose, therefore, to take just two points in Mr Higiu botham's speech as showing (1) the sort of case which he made out, and (2) what he him self admits logically results from that case. He will be found, we aver, more candid than his friends will like, but he has at least the merit of boldly arguing his case and meeting the arguments on the other side. In referring to the powers of the House of Lords in regard to money-bills, he said—" It may be, it is, the fact, that in England, excepting under cir cumstances not only extraordinary but hitherto unprecedented in English history, the House of Lords has practically no power to reject any of these bills. But, gentlemen, it is equally certain that the House of Lords most indubi tablypossessesthe legal right to reject them all." This is not an accurate statement of the case, because it is well-known that the House of Lords has rejected money-bills over and over ■again, and has more frequently caused them to be modified to suit its views. Moreover, we take Hallam to be a sounder authority than Mr Higinbotham on this point. We will, however, accept the statement here made that the House of Lords has the power under "ex traordinary circumstances" to reject money bills, we will take Mr Higinbotham's own ad mission, and we will apply it to our present circumstances. In the first place, we will enquire who is to be the judge of whether the circumstances are " extraordinary," or not. Is the House encroaching, or the House en croached upon 1 Is the man who stands by the law or the man who defies it 1 We affirm that the Upper House, whether it be our Council or the House of'Lords, must be the judge of its own duty. Clearly, it cannot take the opinion of the Assembly. If the Council lias a power, as Mr Higinbotham ad mits, only to be used under very unusual circum stances, the Council alone, causay whether it will take the risk consequent upon the exercise of that power or not. The vote to Sir Charles Darling is, the Council thinks, an " extraor dinary" circumstance. It is, as the Economist says, " a wretched mistake," and as the Times puts it, an attempt to poison our relations with the parent Government at the source. The vote has not a single defender outside the colony, and it is put in so offensive a manner as to involve the reputation and the very ex istence of the Council. Are these not " ex traordinary" circumstances 1 Is not such a state of affairs as this "unprecedented" in Great Britain 1 If the Council may not exer cise the power which it is admitted by Mr Higinbotham to possess when its honor, its life, and our relations with the Home Govern ment are at stake, when may its power be exercised 1 The very emergency contemplated has arisen. The danger foreseen is at hand. The evil guarded against is upon us. Our safety as a colony is in question, the trust in our Gover nors is involved, the integrity of our system of government is assailed. What more does Mr Higinbotham require to make " extraordinary" or " unprecedented" circumstances 1 Are we to wait for " the crack of the rifle," or for what we know is behind on his own showing, when " the real crisis" shall come ? The legal and moral right of the Council to reject has been admitted; and we say that it is plain that if it does not reject the Darling grant when in an Appropriation Bill, the Council will forfeit the right which even its most bitter enemies concede to it. Surely, never was man more conclusively convicted out of his own mouth than is Mr Higinbotham. We will now prove to what his doctrine leads. We will show how the revolution is going on. Step by step he, as others, has ad vanced, and we should be silly to expect that they will stop where they are. Mr Higin botham is now in favor of putting pay ment of members in the Ajiprojiriaiion Bill, for he assumes the right to dictate how the Council shall treat that question. He told the meeting that the Assembly was not under any constitutional obligation to give the Upper House the chance of discussion. Here, again, he of course finds British practice on his side. Grants in volving large questions of public policy may, lie conceives, be rammed down the throat of the Council if the Assembly so pleases, and what the Assembly may please to do we can guess from the revelations made as to the manoeuvres in the last two sessions in regard to this very question of payment of members. We aver, and shall prove, that Mr Higin botham has again seen but one series of British precedents. By a system of unnatural selection he takes what suits his own case, and takes no more. It is not true that grants involving large public questions are placed in Appropriation Bills by the House of Com mons, on the contrary, the practice is, to allow such full discussion year after year as that a general agreement is arrived at before any action is taken to vote the money. We say this is the rule, and is the true theory of British constitutional practice. That this is so we shall prove by a quotation from a speech made by one of Mr Higinbotliam's former colleagues, Mr Michie, who is at least as good an authority as he, and we call special attention to the following curious contrast. Mr Micliie's speech contains the theory of consti tutional practice calmly stated, when there was no party to help and no special end to gain; Mr Higinbotliam's answer to an elector shows the latest step which he has made in his career onward to what is, in fact, revolution. No greater contrast could be found than between the modes of action laid down in the two following quotations:— M-t Micnis is the Legis lative Assembly, 21st February, 1865:— Mr Micliio remarked that the question had till the present moment been dis cussed in such a modcrato spirit, that it was to bo re gretted that tho hon. mem ber for Ararat should havo introduced such acrimoni ous observations into the debate. Tho difficulty ho felt in dealing; with tho question was ono wliich had been frequently alluded to, viz., that by affirming tho proposition they would bo substantially paying them selves. (Hear.) He did not recognise the answer which had been mado to this ob jection, that it would bo abortive to send tho propo sition to another liouso. What had been tho experi ence ill other communities? Tho most important public questions had been agitatod over and over again, and measuro after measuro had been sont from the Lower House to tho Upper, and, although successively de feated, the patienco of tho British community had been such that iho ques tions had been again agi tated, public opinion had been sounded to its greatest depth?, the influence of tho people had been brought to bear, and these defeats had been converted into suc cesses. lie maintained that the utlar branch of the Legis lature iras <c.s vi uch a re pre scntatice House us the Lcjis latire Assembly; and ho would ask how tho intro ducer of tlio resolution, who advocated tho recogni tion of nil representative institutions, could consent to that legislative body being ignored? Tho ouly reason which had been offered for giving tho go-by to that body was, that they would offer impediments to tho passing of iho measuro, and it was therefore pro posed to clearthat difficulty away, by putting a sum on tho Estimates and there fore entailing upon the Le gislative Council tho re sponsibility of rejocting tho Estimates altogether, if they disapproved of tho principle under discussion. Mr Hiqinbothaii at Buiohtox, 13tli Febru ary, 1S68:— An Elector aslred if Mr Higinbotham was in favor of putting payment of members in tho Appropria tion Mill. ilr Higinbotham—I shall bo happy to answer tho question. My answer is this. It is a very good and proper rule, observed by tho Houso of Commons, and observed by tho Legis lative Assembly, that when grants of money involve largo questions of public policy they aro in tho first instance at all evonts to bo submitted to tho Houso of Lords or tho Council in a separate measure, and not in the form of tho annual Appropriation Bill. I be lieve that 13 a good rule. But I must add, for tho purpose of avoiding saying anything derogatory to tho rights of tho Assembly, that this rule is binding merely upon tho good feel ing and sound senso and reason of tho Assembly itself. It is a rulo binding upon them only, and it is a rulo which they aro not under any eonetitutional obligation to any other body to adhero to. I liavo spoken and voted for tho insertion of payment of members in a separate bill, rather than in the Appropriation Act; and I am not prepared till that question is moro fully dis cussod, and unless a deter mination is evinced by tho Council not to give it fair discussion and considera tion, to advocate its inser tion in tho Appropriation Bill. 