DEPASTURE OP THE REV. J. WATSFORD. A valedictory meeting to the Rev. J. Watsford was held on Monday evening, April 6, in the Pirie street Chapel, which though the weather was wet and boisterous was largely attended. The proceed ings were opened with singing and prayer. Mr. J. B. Back, one of the stewards of the North Adelaide Circuit presided. He Baid that he felt it to be an honour, a duty, and a pleasure to do so, though contrary to the usual bent of his inclina tion. During the iO years he had been connected with Wesley an Methodism in the colony he had watched with great interest its progress, and the evidences of the Divine blessing upon their labours. He remembered with gratification the progress of Methodism under the Rev. Mr. Draper, and the increase of the Church during his ministry. And now they were met to bid their dear friend farewelL The Rev. Mr. Watsford had recently delivered a lecture in which he expressed his sentiments freely respecting, other denomina tions; but whilst he showed his sympathy with and kind feelings towards all who acknowledged the great truths of the Gospel, he had no such feelings towards any Church which directed the penitent sinner to seek for pardon and forgiveness from any other source, either earthly or heavenly, than the Lord Jesus Christ. (Applause.) He had on all occasions recognised the great principle of justification by faith as the fundamental doctrine of the Gospel, and he was sure that all Christian men would wish him success and prosperity in the new field of labour to which he was about to be transferred. He would there have an extensive sphere of usefulness opened up to him, and those he was about to leave behind were, he trusted, too good Christians to deBire to deprive their dear i friend of the privilege of promoting the cause of Christ in the neighbouring colony. (Cheers.) He would now call upon the Rev. Mr. Watsford to repeat his lecture. The Rev. J. Watsfobd, on rising, was warmly cheered. He felt that it would be with a good deal of difficulty he would be able to say anything to them that evening. The kindness lie had experienced during the last few weeks bad almost overwhelmed him, aad on his preaching last evening to them for the last time he felt that he had the respect and esteem of a very large number of friends, whom he was now about to leave behind him. He had been requested to repeat the' lecture he gave last week in Archer-6treet, and which had been pretty fully reDorted. The report was generally correct, and the reporter had generally done him justice; but there were one or two points to which he intended to refer as being somewhat inaccurate. In referring to South Australia and what he knew respecting it he did not speak as a stranger, but he gave the result of his six years' experience amongst them. Paxtou Hood mentioned the case o! a traveller who on his arrival in China saw a drunken man whose wife had red hair, and he wrote home to say that the Chinese were all of that stamp. On the other hand, a Chinese who visited England saw on his landing that the man who owned the boat had a wooden leg, and he wrote back to say that in England all who had wooden legs were employed as ferrymen. (Continued laughter.) But that was not his case. He was no stranger amongst them, and therefore he had a right to give his opinions respecting the colony, and to give them fearlessly, so long as he gave them honestly. (Applause.) He had given them freely, and what he Had said here he would repeat elsewhere. One of the statements he made, which had been mis represented, was in reference to what he said respecting Canaan. He did not say that South Aus tralia was nearer than any other place in the world'to the Land of Canaan. What he did say was this—he was referring to the promise made in the Book of Deuteronomy, which he stated applied in many inspects to South Australia, and he went on to show that this resulted from the fact that in this country they had abundance of corn and wine and other productions similar to those of Canaan, and that, therefore, South Australia must become a great and prosperous country. (Applause.) Then, again, in this country many poor men had risen to positions of eminence, and he maintained that what man had done man could do. He stated that at North Adelaide, and he said so still. The rev. gentleman then proceeded to recapitulate his opinions respecting the City of Adelaide and the beauty of its buildings, the climate of South Australia, the general health of the inhabitants, and the evils resulting from what were called the " necessary evils" of certain licensed public-houses. There were, he said, no "necessary evils," and those houses so called ought to be put down. "With regard to billiard-tables, they had ruined many young men, and ought to be open to the ponce at all hours of the day and night. He wished, also, to say a few words respecting the Press. (Cheers.) What he had to say about the Press by which he had been attacked was only this, that when any re spectable, intelligent portion of the Press descended to personal abuse and ridicule, he had nothing more to say. (Applause.) With regard to the various denominations of Protestants to which he alluded in North Adelaide, he wished it to be understood that his statements were made with all kindness and Christian charity. He had lived long enough to know that there were some men who dwelt in glass houses, and who were in the habit of throwing stones themselves, but who raised a great cry if only a pebble hap pened to be thrown at them. They had often read in the newspapers criticisms upon Methodism, and why should he be so severely condemned for the remarks he had made in all kindness, and with a view to the general good? (Applause.) With respect to the Coneregationalists, he simply said that he respected their ministers, and that whilst their organizition did not reach the scattered parts of the colony they were doing a great work nearer home. And then he expressed a hope that they would be on their guard against German rationalism. This had given offence, but they could not deny that some of their ministers in England were tainted with rationalism. With regard to the Baptists, they had complained that he had charged them with attempting to proselytize their young people. He could not wait to examine into the exact meaning of the termt but the facts could not be denied. Their Baptist friends had imported a new Testament from America, and they had written to him and to the teachers and superintendents with a view to getting this new translation of the Testament introduced into their schools. But he repeated that that book was but milk- and-water compared with that grand old book (pointing to the copy of the authorized version lying on the pulpit cushion.) (Loud applause.) "In those days came John the Baptist, preaching in the wilderness of Judea, and saying,-Repent ye, for the kingdom of heaven is at hand." That was what the good old , book said. Now let them hear the American version:—"In those days comes John the Immerser, preaching in the wilderness of Judea, and saying, ReDent, for the kingdom of heaven is at hand." (Laughter.) Then, again, the old book said, "I indeed baptize you with water untffrepentance; but He that cometh after me is mightier than I, whose shoes I am not worthy to bear: He shall baptize you with the Holy Ghost and with fire." This passage in the American New Testament read as follows:—"I indeed immerse you in water unto repentance; but ! He that comes after me is mightier than J, whose sandals I am not worthy to bear: He will immerse ; you in the Holy Spirit and fire." (Applause.) It had been said m the newspaper that Methodism as it regarded its general features was stereotyped everywhere. Yes; thank God, it was, and with His help and blessing it would always remain so. (Loud cheers.) Whatever was new in respect to the doctrines of theology was false. (Applause.) The rev. gentleman continued at considerable length to relate some of tbe prin cipal in idents connected with his ministerial labonrs in the colony, the revivals that had taken Elace, and the many instances of conversion which e had witnessed. On his resuming his seat he was enthusiastically applauded. A hymn was then sung by tbe choir and con gregation. The Rev. J. G. Milbabd expressed his thanks to the Rev. Mr. Watsford for his labours, and his hope that his future career would be even more pre-eminently useful than his past work in the ministry. He had known Mr. Watsford since the year 1839, and he had always considered his peculiar characteristics to be his intense sympathy with the work of God. He believed he had been pre eminently useful in winning souls to Christ. (Cheers.) And he further believed that his ministerial labours at Ballarat would be attended with similar blessed results. (Applause.) The Rev. Henby Bath, as a young man, wished to refer to the Rev. Mr. Watsford, not with eulogy, but with veneration, and to the influence he had exerted upon himself, which had been of a vital and beneficial character. He had looked up to him rather as a Christian Bishop than as the Chairman of the District. He had regarded him with thorough confidence in his integrity, and he had always found in him that Christian sympathy as well as that intelligent aid which was such a peculiar characteristic of their dear friend. He : had valued his labours also in the country, and : which had intended his labours. ^All he couSl ■desire or wish with regard to bis successor was that fie might fill that position with equal zeal, . ehility. aad success. (Applause^ I The Secbetaby (Mr. G.W. Cotton) then read the i following address "To the Rev. John Watsford, Chairman of the South Australian District of the Wesleyan Methodist Church in Australasia. "Reverend and dear Sir—Now tUat it has fallen to you, by the appointment of Conference, to leave this colony after a residence of six years, during the whole of which time you have held the office of Chairman of this District, we, on behalf of the Wesleyan Methodist Church in this colony, desire to present to you a few parting words. In review ing the past we remember how, on your first arrival among us, the Great Master poured forth His Spirit, and many souls were brought to Himself in the place where we are now assembled, as well as throughout the Circuit and District; how you engaged the attention and arrested the sympathies of the young and the enquiring, and founded one of the most flourishing Young Men's Associations for mutual improvement that has ever been raised up in this colony, and by attractive and instructive lectures sustained the interest first awakened, whilst these lectures, which have cost you so much time and labour to prepare, have been gratuitously and cheerfully given to aid the funds of any of our Societies throughout the colony; and up to this day you have in various ways brought into operati >n the maxim so long acknowledged, that in the. Methodist Church there is work for every man, and every man for his work—a truth that never failed to ensure success. Nor can we ever forget how you sought to perfect and bring to a practical result the long-entertained desire of South Australian Metho dists for a College second to none in the colonies. for the purpose of imparting a sound education in connection with our own denominational views, till the first stage of the College buildings has been completed, and the date of opening the Collegiate School fixed; moreover, with the same object of religious and social enlightenment, assisted by the cordial co-operation of our ministers and many of our leading members, you have succeeded in establishing a Book-room and a magazine, thus affording easier access to the Wesleyan literature of the fatherland, and a medium for the inter change of thought within our own border. "But while conducting all these arduous under takings, and caring for the general welfare of the Church of which you had the oversight, you have never for a moment lost sight of the special work of the ministry to save souls from death, so that your own naturally robust health has more than once been endangered, and the Church has had to pray you to forget for a moment the urgency of the present that you might be spared for work in the future. As a small token of our esteem we now beg yonr acceptance of a testimonial gift of £120 subscribed by friends residing in various parts of the district, who in this way wish to show their appreciation of your valuable labours while amoogst us. " We now, in the name of oar Lord and Saviour Jesus Christ, meet you probably for the 1.-st tune in this house of God, where we have so often together realized His presence, and unitedly join in fervent prayers to Him for His richest blessing upon yourself, Mrs. Watsford, and family, ana that walking in the light of God's countenance you may continue to turn many to righteousness,. and thus by a Divinely-appointed consequence 'shine as the stars for ever and ever' in that Heaven to which for the sake of our Great Redeemer we all hope to attain and to be for ever with the Lord. On behalf of this Wesleyan Methodist Church in this colony, " We are, Rev. and dear Sir, - " yours faithfully and affectionately." [Here followed the names of the Committee.] Mr. J. Colton presented the testimonial re ferred to, which he said liad been subscribed by a large number of friends in the several circuits, who had given from Is. and upwards; and it was con tained in a purse worked by a lady of the congre gation, with the initials of the Rev. Mr. Watsford wrought upon it. He believed that those friends of other denominations who thought that Mr. Watsford had done them an injustice would not think so if they knew the kind spirit in which his remarks were made, and that they were intended for their benefit. (Applause.) It was of great ad vantage to have an outspoken friend, and though his words might sting sharply, they generally did a great deal of good. He had never known a minister, except perhaps the Rev. Mr. Draper, with whom he could so cordially co-operate as the Rev. Mr. Watsford. He was a man of one purpose— the best interests of the Church. His sympathies were with South Australia ever since his arrival, and he was confident that he never would and never could forget them after he bad gone away. (Cheers.) After some further remarks ne read the following:— The Book Committee has directed the Secretary to obtain Dr. W. Smith's Dictionary of the Bible, in three volumes; and the Classical Dictionary, compiled from the six larger volumes of Antiqui ties—all uniformly half- bound—and present the same to the Rev. John Watsford, in each volume of which the following legend is to be inscribed:— "Presented to the Rev. John Watsford by the Committee of the Wesleyan Book Depot, Adelaide, as a token of their appreciation of his valuable and disinterested services as Book Steward since the formation of the Book Depot—G. W. Cotton, Secretary. By order and on behalf of the Com mittee." The Rev. J. Watsford said he really did not know how to reply to the address. He heartily thanked the Committee and his friends for their great kindness. When he came to the colony it was with a determination to try to save souls, and he believed he had been instrumental in doing so to a great extent. He had stuck to bis original intention, without going much out of the way. He had connected himself with the Young Men's Association, and he had made that also subservient to his principal design of saving souls, and the same was true in respect to his connection with the College. With regard to the Book Depot, he had interested himself in it, because he felt anxious that their young people should have the use of a carefully-selected number of books. They were specially required in their Sabbath-schools. He was glad to say that the College was in a fair way of becoming a grftat success, and that the Book Depot was deci dedly successful. (Cheers.) He believed that God was blessing their labours—that He was abundantly blessing the Methodist Churches; and "if God be for us, who can be against us5" (Cheers.) He believed that if they not only preached the Gospel, but depended upon the influ ences of the Holy Ghost; the work would be God's work, and the result must be that souls would be saved. He heartily thanked them for the address, and also for the purse. It was very acceptable, for he was not a rich maD, and he supposed he never should be till some rich uncle died and left him a fortune. (Laughter.) And he fancied that his wife would say that even then he would not long remain wealthy. (Laughter.) In the kindness of his people he recognised the kindness of his Heavenly Father, blessed be His Holy Name. He was going to Ballarat, where, he dared to say, he should soon become a Ballarat man. He would there, as he had here, speak plainly what he felt. He could not help it, for somehow or other there was not a bit of flattery in him. (Cheers ) He tried to be honest to all, bat he could not cringe to any; and be had never made any distinction between rich and ttoor. (Loud applause.) If at aDy time, however, he waB led to say a wrong word, no one was more sorry for it than himself. It had often brought him on his knees, and filled his eyes with tears, until he knew that <xod had forgiven him. He would remember his dear friends till the latest period of his life. He prayed that God would bless and save them for ever. (Loud applause.) Mr. James Scott moved a vote of thanks to the Eev. Mr. Watsford for his lecture, which was seconded by Mr. J. D. Hill, and supported by Mr. Wjr. King. I'ach of these gentlemen expressed his high esteem for the Rev. Mr. "Watsford, and their appreciation of his ministerial labours in the colony. Mr. J. ColtON stated, in reference to the donation of books, that they could not be obtained in South Australia, but arrangements bad been made for transmitting them to Mr. Watsford as early as possible. The cost would be about £8 or £10. The Chairman stated that at the special sugges tion of the Rev. Mr. Watsford the first camp meetingin the colony was held about a twelvemonth ago, and he believed that its beneficial influence was felt throughout the length and breadth of the colony. He had always felt it an honour and a privilege to labour with such a man. (Cheers.) The motion was carried with applause. The Rev. Mr. Watsford, in responding, said he had delivered many lectures in South Australia, and that ha l afforded him opportunities of saying things which he could not have said from the pulpit. A good deal had been said about his lecture on " Courtship and Marriage,'* but he had reasons for believing that it had done a great deal of good; and he was glad to add also that it had realized more than £500. (Cheers.) A vote of thauks to the Chairman was moved bv Mr. Roach, seconded by Mr. Rhodes, and carried. The Chairman stated that the £500 referred to by the Rev. Mr. Watsford as having been realized by the delivery of one of bis lectures was not received by him, but by the various Societies on behalf of which he lectured. All his lectures were delivered gratuit ously, although their preparation was the result of much time and thought. He thanked them for the vote of thanks they had conferred upon him. The proceedings, which lasted two hours and a half, were terminated with the doxology and the apostolic benediction. 