ADELAIDE. Thursday. Tho uso oí Californian wheat, for seod next' season, is hoing gon rally recommended. Boliovcd it is tho least likely to become affected by rust, . .. ,' Markets quiot, *; ?.-, T- MKKTIKQ ron- UKITSU PJIAYF.II.-Tho fourth moot- ing of tho sorios was hold last ovoning in St Stophon's Church, MocquarUMstroot Tho Itov. Dr. Stool, os ,postor of tho church, presided, and read portions of tho Holy Scriptures. Tho subject of tho ovoning was " Family Religion and Christian Education," An address . wasdohvered hy: tho ;Rov. Allon "Wobb, who, with great force," urged tho responsibilities of parents and tho unspeakable importanco of'tho Christian training 'of tho young. Prayer was offered by Dr. Charles, 'Rov. AV. Ridley, and Mr.' H. Hossaok, and sovoraí psalms and - paraphrasés wore sung by tho mooting. Tho next mooting is to ho hold thia ovoning in tho 'Congregational Church, Pitt-street, whonthoro will bo a united Communion. TUB PHESDYTEHIAM Ontmon OP ? NEW Sotrrn WALES.-Tho Presbytery o£ Sydney mot on Tuesday morning, at -10 o'clock, in St. Stophon's Church-tho Hov. T. A. Gordon,, moderator. Tho Hov. A. Thom- son,- convenor of tho church oxtonoion comraittoo, introduced to tho notico of tho Presbytery tho Hov. , Henry M'Crcady, lato minister of tho second clinrgo of Ilathilland, Iroland, who arrived hero last week with his family to join tho Presbyterian Church of Now 'South Avales; whereupon ' tho Moderator gave him ¡tho right hand' of fellowship, which act was .'followed by nil tho brethren present. Mr. Thomson also communicated tho painful intelli- gence of tho deccaso of the Hov. Mr. Markland whilo on hoard tho Kaikoùra, a few days oro reaching Now Zealand. Mr. Mnrkland was on his way from Scot- land to .join tho Presbyterian Church of Now South Wales, as ono of tho ton ministers s nt for by tho said Church..- Upon tho communication of tho sad ovcrit tho Presbytery engaged in prayer on behalf of tho relativos of their departed brothorin tho ministry; of thoso hearer in relation are tliroe brothers, throo sisters, 'ándalas! a widowod mothor ¡ and also on thoirown behalf and tho Church of this land, over which tho Holy Ghost hath mado them overseers ; tho dovotions of tho ; Presbytery being lcd by tho Hov. Dr. Lang. 'Tho Presbytery took up the call from Launceston, Tasmania, addressed to Dr. Beg, and arranged that it should bo finally'disposed of at tho next meeting of Presbytery. Tho Hov. 0. Atchison was appointed to preach .Ia. Ohalmors*' Church, in tho forenoon of noxt Sabbath,_ and mako nil' necessary announcements with rogard to tho call. -?Tho'dßrk'road a commun!catión from tho Presbyterian Clmrch, NeWtowh; makins; application to tho Presby- tery, of Sydney to be admitted ns a congregation in conitfctioH with tho 'Presbyterian Church of Now South Wales. Tho Hov. Mr. M'Phco and Mr. Munro appeared as commissioners, and addressed tho Presby- tery, and answorcd several questions put to thom, ta. flor doiiboration tho Hov. A. Thomson moved, ''and tlio Itov. Sr. Beg seconded, and it :was unanimously agreed to-"That tho Presbytery agroo i to roceivo under its caro tho body of Presbyterians worshiping at Nowtown ; and fur- ther ngroo to grant to them supply of publia roligious ordinances, and also to toko stops with all convenient speed, for regularly organising thom as a congregation of this Church." It was proposed that tho supply of ordinances at Nbwtoivn for tho next four Sabbaths should he as follows:-On tho 12thinstant, Br. Bang in tho foronoon, and Mr. M'Crcady in tho ovening; on tho ;10th, 'Mr. M'Crcady in tho forenoon, and Dr. Steol in the ovoning; on tho 20th, Mr. Gordon in tho forenoon, and Mr. M-Crcady in tho ovoning; on tho 2nd Fobruary, Br. Fullerton in tho foronoon, and Mr. M'Crcady in tho ovoning. . Tho remaining busi nppointcd its noxt publie mooting to ho held on Monday, tho 20th instant, at ll o'clock, in tho usual place, i ncss-was of_ n loss publte nature. CROET.TY io ÀHIMAIS.-A caso ot extremo cruelty to animals was yesterday brought boforo tho AVator Polico Court. A rann named Byan, wh ? obtai^ n livclihaod by carting wood to town and soiling '.' wns arrested for being drunk and incapable of ti>""B Çnm of his horso and cart. Aftor tho prisone- wa» V íu" into custody, conBtnbloPirio took tho h-80 out 0#E.*h° cart, and in removing tho Baddlo, founInrgo Putriiled SOTO about 14 inches in Jongth and ' breadth, rho aoro had eaton into tho backbon; . ^° animal s back ,was in such a stnto that it »ad to 1,0 dostroyod, tho soro hoing incurable WW«, prlsonor was wrested thore was about a ton of on tho cart whioh tho horso was drawing, .tyan was sontoncod to two months', imprisoning with hard Inbor. ConosEn's IN(JESi.-Tho City Coronor held an inquest yoslorf* »*. tho Obsorvor Tavern, George street, on the co«y °' n Innn «ïAmotl rotor Snouce. It anponrs tha'deceased was found on Tu.'6day last by tho police floging in Woolloomooloo Bay, undov Cowper Wharf. Dr. Shaw was of opition that death was caused hy suffocation by drowning. No marks ot violmco woro found on Uio body. A verdict of " lound VlMWiiod '? was roturnod. ? I DAHMNO HAHIÍOOR.-In nn official lotter to thc Moy or, tho Health Officer of tho city, forcibly cal* attention to tho condition of Darling Harbour it a Banltaiy point of vlow. Dr. Graham says:-"fho hoad of tiio bay is in such a deplorable state os to render tho city linblo to fovor of tho mostmnVgnont typo. I hnvo »nany times previously roportodon this subject ¡ nnd tho nuisanco has now becomow/rso than over. It ian dopot for dead animals and MU of ovory description. Tho sower nmning <hto tho hay ls; becoming' obstructod nt th/; ' mouth, »nd will soon bo complotoly ; ..Jlookcd up. Tho miasma arising, is calculated, in nV professional opinion,,to produoo pestilence. I have boon givon to Understand that n sum of monoy wnB'oted by Parlia- ment to reclaim tho head of tho bay^nly n portion of .which has been oxpondod~thowrk partially dono and since noglectcd. Tho Govor'nioiit steam drodgo is now cmployod nt tho mouth ó'lho main city rower, .mid tho Biit ls convoyod to Pn'n Oovo to oxtond tho Qovoriiino'nt Gardons, a wérk'n a sanitary point quito unnecessary. "WhoroaS,'if «io Kimo work was trans- ferred to! Darling Harbor^11 groat benefit to publio health would bo gained, d'ho Parliament moots ina fow days. . I trust tba» I"'9 subjoot may bo' brought undor its oftlolal not!*1 ty' youroolf and tho city aldor mon." ,' ; - 'i?Jä>trriiUN08 >EETiHa.- A mooting .was hold nt tho Hall of Tc(nor<<ncc, on Wednesday ovoulng, Alderman Mac"'08'' occupying tho chair, when ho, after ronSing ^T'1'80* ?"OÄOO'oty< and commotitlng shortly thor*"', inlroduood Mr. Dobie to n numer- ously nllíi»*'0'! mooting, who delivored an ndmlrnhlo nddrciB rn Temperance, lllustrnting his sulijoot by anocd^' °' nn nmuBlng nud Instructive cbnrnotor. g0V4-nl othor young men ghvo ' oilhor rccilallonB or n^iroFBos, which wore listened lo will» interest and .(ttcutiom Altogolhern very pleasant ovening waa Bpont. Sovornl poreons thou onrollcd their nnmoB as mombors of tho Alliance, nhd nt tho cloao of tho proceedings tho chnirmon nnnotthcod that tho Hight Worshipful Uti^Mayorhnd signified lils intention lo 'present Iiis first wcolt's elvia n£fowimco.(ttrcu(y guinea;) In nld of 'thoBOoioty. Owing to thc hall hoing lot to tho Japanese tiorformbrs. tho nowt jegulnr mooliug will street. .SAKITABY Cownmojf OP BYVXKY,-Dr, Av Moffitt ha's addressed a letter to Ute Mayor! on tho'want of propor sanitary regulations In tlio oitjr. JIo says! "It lsawoll-known foot that moro than two-thirds of tho houses in tho city and suburbs aro to this day un- connected with any sower, and that cosspoolB abound inovory direction. It would bo Impossible to calou late tho amount of dopneit of nightsoil in theso places, but I think twonty thousand tann would uot bo much over tho mark. If wc should say half thntamount, to mnko suro of being undor it, I say, what a dreadful state of tilings-10,000 tons of nightsoil in opon cess- pool-in auch a olimntol and yet wo cat, drink; Bloop, and go about our business, as if wo woro not in tho slightest danger., ; ' Typhoid foyer' JB opidomio hore ; all tho coespools and sawers nbovo-nnmed aro full of-that ; poculinr/blood poison. AVo inhalo it moro or loss diluted whorovor wo go; and I havo no hesitation in saying, that moro than half tho deaths aro caused by it. directly or Indirectly. I would ask, is this stnto of things to go on until somo torriblo outburst of tho poison, so rccKiessiy storcu in every part or mo city,. swoops all bcforo it ? During my personal oxperionco of ovor ton years, I liavo seen moro casos of typhoid foror than all othor disonscs put togolbcr. If it were not for tho cattBos inontioned,nhovc, I holiovo this clhnato is exceedingly healthy; and that mortality ? would ho far loss than nt home. .. Tho principal victims hero aro little children; no ago is oxompt, hut childron BU (Tor most,especially in tho undrained parts of tho city. Tho remedies for this giganlio evil are, first compel ovory houao to connect with tho sowora by Sroporly trapped wator-oloBéts, whero sowers exist, ccond, shut up ovory cesspool, nftor clearing out, with solid earth, and let galvanised iron buckets, with elects nt BidcB for romovali bo submitted, to flt undor tho cloBot Boats, which should bo mado to lift up; a box containing tho siftings from the fires to bo kopt in eaoh cloBot with a tin scoop, in order to doodoriso contents ovory timo usod. By thia simplo process tho poison would bo complotely noutralieod, and a valunblo manuro tho rosult, which would in a fow years restore vitality to tho impoverished soil around SydnoT., In addition to this, I would recommend tho construction of a largo resorvoir for salt water on somoplaoo suffi jiontly olovnted, to bo filled o very day by a Btcain-ongino nt ono of tho nearest bays, and to bo let into tho sowers about ' S . o'clock each morning, when peoplo aro in their beds, dalt water is botter suited for this.purpoBO than-fresh." VoLUNTEBit Prim BmoADKS.-Tho members and friends of tho Volunteer Uro Brigade wont yesterday to Middle Harbour to enjoy their annual picnic. . Tho Broadnlbano convoyed about two hundred, including many families, and their, children. In tho morning tho wcathor detorrod many from tho oxcurson, buftho gontlo rain, so welcomo to all, cleared up, and tho party onjoyod themselves thoroughly. Aldermen Benny (n groat friend to tho voluntoor firemen), Sutherland,. Steel, and Woods, woro among tho invited guests. On arriving at the ground Compag- noni had saiidwichos provided, and refreshments con ducivo to appetite. Thon tho. party dispersed in groups to play foot-ball, to danoo, to play crick ot, quoits, and kiss in the ring. At dinner, Mr. W. (Jamb, of Pitt and Markot Blrooli, and of tho Commer- cial Hotel, cornor of Castlereagh and King strcots, as Superintendent, occupied tho chair; Mr. Andrew Tornlng, Superintendent of No. 1 Company Volunteer Piro Brigade, tho vice-chair. Tho dinner was excellent. Tho loyal and complimentary toasts wsro drunk with enthusiasm, tho "Mayor and Aldormon," " Our Quests," " Tho Ladies," &c; It is sufficient te say tho pion io was distinguished for its sociability and its excollonce. This company has hoon nino years in oxietonco.' It numbers fifty volunteers, woll-trainod, Blondy firemen ; possesses two ongincs (ono manual, presontod hy Aldorinan Bonny, and ono steam flre ongino, purchasod at great expenso). Thoy have 3000 feet of hose, and tho wholo of thoir apparatus aro in Sorftct working order, and ready, for action, night or ay. ¡As a body thoy" aro strong, energetic, daring mon, and tho .superintendent (Mr. Comb) is worthy of thoir obedience. Thoir chiof station is next to tito Water Polico Ofüoi ; thoir^, branch ongino is under " Mr. Wyatt's caro, noxt tho Sohool of- Arts, Pitt-street. Thoy rccoivo no aid from insurance companies, and exert themselves mostly on uninsured property, though ready to givo aid where property is lorgoly insured. Mr. Tönung, on behalf of No. 1 Volunteers, pledged co-oporation; and their united notion would bo effectual in tho prompt extinguishing of fires. ; After some agreeable pastimes 'tho party returned to Sydnoy nt 7 o'clock, much pleased with tho day's oxcursion. Nomir ' SHORE. Tho committoo appointed at a Íiublio mooting hold somo four weeks siuco to get up a ocal demonstration in honour o£ tlio Princo's visit» aro somewhat discouraged hy tho apathy with which their applications for- subscriptions aro mot If -tho proposed demonstration took anything of a substantial form-such as a foat to tho poor and a treat to tho children, as wo had when celebrating tito maraiago of tile Princo of Wales-it would bo muon moro popular, and I hnvo no doubt tho needful would flow in moro freely.. Jinny who arc disinclined to givo nnything towards an ephemeral display of electric light would willingly, I am suro, contribute were tho d<" monstration lo consist of what I hnvo alluded i"~ Tho numerous appeals against tho nsscssmonr-". tho Municipality of ¡St. Loonards have boon Pv adjudi- cated, and in nearly all cases to tho »-'sfaoüon of tho ratc-payors, notwithstanding thaf 'J10 ^fnj'or of tho municipality endeavoured to prsando somo rate- payers ; to withdraw their ?aw*"? whon ni tho court-It will not bo irrelevant -hero to state that- tho poop!' . °.£, 8t Leonards regard tho cumulative vr" principle, as embodied in tho now Municipal!^? ??l> a, mo$ mischievous provision. Thospc;' nt which tho bill was hurried through tho Ais*nDv «umitlod of so little opportunity that tho pocf.1''""1 Io timo t0 petition against this clause. * nnothcr legaoy of tho "Peo;le's Winif ii" . ,0'1 Wl1'not k° forgotten by tho "peoplo " tho timo shall como to reward tho present and r.rt> inlriotio Govornment. Ju anticipation of tho liong-wished for, and much required dissolution of Parliament, threo gontlomcn aro Bpokon nf of likolv to oonrost tho oleotorato of St Lcoiinrds, and Mr, G". I. M'Intosh, of Lane Covo, is already canvassing for tho roproeoiilatiou of tho district Slr. M'Jnlosh was n candidato in 1800 for tlio " freo Boloction parlinmont." but resigned his intorest in favour of Mr. Slicphord, who was_ thon circled. Our presont momhor by his oonductin supporting "mun not measures," roversing lus own favourite theory of what a mcmbor of Pur liamont should bp, and what. ho promised to bo, has forfeited tho confidence of tho electors. As a native of tho country I am sorry for thia for independently of tho prido I fool in seeing n fair nuuiber of. Aus-' tralians taking their placo in tho conato of tlio country, I thought Mr. Tunks possosscd sonio: qualities that would maka him useful ss a legislator, and I rogrot to find kim spoken of as tho " barron momhor."-ïrom a Correspondent. ilnAVKKY op A TrtAiîUNa Surr Hov.-An instance oí extraordinary courogo and prospneo of mind on, tho port of nNnvnl Training-ship boy ocourrcd nt Williams-' town on, Wodnoslny ovoning. A littlo child namod Bannit), eovon years old, fell from tho pior nt Stovo doro-stroot, into tire seo, and miist hnro porished but .for olad nnmod Joeoph Blacker, aged thiiteen, belong- ing to tho Naval Training-ship, who without hesita- tion jumped from tho platform, brought tho littlo follow to tho surface, and hold him thora at tho porll of Iiis own lifo, till assisted bv Thomas Collins, gumior's mate, who opportunely nrrivod In cbargo of tho liberty boat, fdr which Brooker had been walting. Such hoiolsm hliould not bo allowed.'td pass unnoticed Ocolonir Bcorister. SANIUKIIIST. T«ß FATAL ACCIDENT)-Tho ; Mel- bourne,'Ago Bnysi-l'rinco AKreil Ima noted vory goiierouely in connection with tho disaster IQ ' tho throo children in Sandhurst. On Thursday tho Mayor rccoivod a cominunicat on from tho Hon. Eliot Yorke, pnelosing a cheque from his lloynl Highness for A'ßO in l ld ot tho funds which aro hoing collected towards defraying the exponaos incurred by tho uaronts of tho throo poor children, who wort burned toTdenth on tho model Galatea, mid for erecting n monument. over thom. As showing tho warm sympathy oxprosscd, by ; tho Du ko, wo givo tho 'following copy of tho enm municalion received by tho Majori-"Toorak, 01st December, 1807. DoarM'Tntyio. -Inm'doslro;! by his ltoval Highness tho Duho ot Kdlnburgh to forward you the enclosed chequo for £50 ns, a . dona- tion towards tho orcotiotrof tho monument propos eil to bo raised ovor tho romains of tho'-Hirco poor children burned on tho night of tho torchlight procession glvou in Sandhurst in honour of his lloynl Highness, who would bo much obliacil '.if vou would convov to Ibo liáronla óf tho children tho expression or Iii« deepest sympathy.- 1 nm.ííc, KI.IOT O. YOIIKB." Tito moiiuy which lt la expected will ho eolloohid will bo dovotod (o two purposes, Huit of erecting « suitable morai mont In somo portion ot tho cemotoi'.v, mid of compensating tlio parents for tho heavy txpondituro oausod by tho fatal accident. EnnATtiM.- In yesterday's Eili-rnn it' was roportod tlint" Mr. Emin . presented,, a po ti ion from. Monaro, " that a bill ta increaso tho Btamp duties might bo Introduced," Tha.'prnyer.of tho petition was." that MO bill to Inorcnso thu stamp dutloB might bo intro dilccdi'' but tho word "iio,'' boforo " bill," ih tho re- port mit, in prlutliig,.jnlBtü)íon for "a.'' AHOTIIKII LITTLE V/Axvmz*.-A little girl, teven ' yours of ago, daughter of Mr. Joioph Anderson, re- siding soar Longwood, strnyod away from some otlior children on Friday last, and after having travelled all day and night in a heavily tlmhorcd country, was. found tito tallowing day sixtoen milos from homo, noar tho rosldonco of a farm or named Ktigliran. - To~; the fact of tho poor littlo wandorer having followed up somo fonces moy ho attributed hcr recovory-.-Goo- long ItegUtor. --, WiNTJtn's IYAT.-SurrosED OASE OP INFANTICIDIO , , -One of tho'most liorriblo cases of child murder which, wo haro had to record,appears to havo boon committed' r. late on Sunday nicht or early'-on Monday morning nt Wintor's ITlnt.; All tho evidence Collected up to tho prcsont timo goes to show that tho mother has in a - fearfully mothodical and cruel manner first murdoiod' her baby -and thon burnt its body. Tho mother's nama is Mrs. Kllcn Sure, and she is a married woman, - ; Sho has boon living aa general forvant "at.thoihbüsö of. Mr. 1'aulmann, a 'storekeeper, residing on tho oastern sido of tho creek at "Winter's, riot She wont to tho situation in August lott, and it was then known to Mrs. Pnulmnnn, who seems.to hnvo treated tho woman with ornat kin'dnosn. that she waa enciento, nnd' latblv Mrs. ï'aulmann had told her that aha was'not ina stato to work. Mrs; Snro'a husband bas hoon in-New Zealand for twolvo months, and was expected to rotura t . shortly, and tho fear of lotting her ' husband ico tlio ohild of hor shame, might at first bo supposed to hove led her to destroy' tho baby, hut ,ns it was ? generally known that sho was near her confinement, tho etcrot could not havo been kept from him, and sho muBt havo.known-that..-On Sunday- night another Eorvnnt namod Eliza Jane "White,' henrd a baby cry in tho yard, and sho ran and told Mrs.. Paulmann,-who - .asked Mm Sáro if shoh'ad been confined. Shodcnied it, and also denied Hint sho bad boon ill. Mrs. Paul mann wont to bcd, tolling both tho women to call hoc if Mrs. Snro was token ill. Nothing moro appoars to have hoon hoard of tho child ; but during tho night Eliza White saw Mrs. Saro light n Uro in nn American cooking stovo, which was iii tho kitchen (dotachod . from tho house) and put abac containing something which sho brought from tho yard into it. ' On Monday - Eliza Whito cleaned < out tho stovo and found a quantity of bones in it, but sho threw thom out, apparently nover suspecting what they were. Sho, however, told Mrs, Paulmann. about finding tho bones. Mrs. Sar» loft on Tuesday, and Mrs. Paulmnnn and Eliza Wluto picked up the 1 bones. Information was givon to sergeant Smith, of Buninyong, on Thursday, nnd thoy afterwards handed tlio bones to him. Sorgeant Smith went at onco to Warrenheip, to tho dwelling of a woodcnrlor, named Crißtow, Mrs Saro's father, and thoro arrested hor on . a chargo o£ child murder. She, did not appear in tho- * least disconcerted, and made a remark to lier motlier to tho following effect, " You don't think that of mo, do you, motlier?" Tho unfortunate woman is only twenty-ilvo years of ago, and is of a rather interesting nnd respectable appearance. Sho was placed in tho ' gaol on'Thursday, whoro ovory caro and attention havo been and will bo^ paid to lief, and she will have the medical attendance and'nursing sho has'seemed ablo so far to do without. When brought to Ballarat sho was' quito composed in manner, and indeed scorned cooler and less, concerned than tho officers of police who . ,woro acting in tho case. Sho was humanely cautioned by Mr. Bynll not to say a singlo word about tho case, but to got legal advice, so that sho'might notmnko'any statements that might crimi- nate horsolf. Tho bones wero examined, by Dr. Nicholson and Dr. Butler, and wera pronounced by thein to bo those of a vory young infant, though tho sox could not bo determined. Tho inquest'was hold at noon on' Saturday, nt tho GcórgO Hotol. ' Ono matter may bo mentioned, although not in any way must it bo considered as bearing, on tho present. case, and that is that there was an inquest hold in Septem-' bor, 18G0, on tho body of Mnv-Saro's first child, and a verdict was returned to'tho ofiect that tho child had boen smothered by hoing overlaid by its mother. Ballarat Star. , ' . BRADSHAW'S ALSMNAO ron 1808,, published at tho Bradshaw office, King-streot East,: contains, .as usual, full particulars of times, distances, icc, in connexion with tho railways and steam communication, with general and gardener's'calendar, weather proghostica lions, instructions on various important points rolaling lo farming and liv« stock, a postal and road guido ; Gazetteer for Now South Walca,,tho Landlord and Tenants Act, Masters' and Servant« Act, and a variety - of information on legal, sooial. «md other topics. SOUTH AUSTIÍALIA.-Tan Bncrosiu PJIINCE ALF lum MONUMENT.-Through thc medium of our : advertising columns, and otherwise, Ibo publio of South Australia liavo lton fully apprised of tho move- ment eriginally initiated by tho lion. Captain Bagot* and a few other gentlemen, for creeling a tower, or * somo kind of monument, on tho summit of Mount Lofty, designed primnrily ns a lasting memorial of tho ? visit to this (v'ony of ll.lt.ll. tho Duke of Edinburgh; and, coll«<erally, ns, a,work.of practical utility as a land rnirk for mariners, and an object of peculiar local intncst Wo now. havo to inform our readers that ,. proscription lists aro out, one of which is lying nt our office, and wo shall bo glad to rccaivo tho names and donations of any. who feel disposed to support this undertaking. Wo aro well nworo that tomo persons fail to FOO tho utility, or. desirableness of a tower on Mount Lofty, nnd to such thc appeal is not made. But. it is confidently behoved by tho promoters of tho move« , mont that it is appreciated by a sufficient number of' persons to render tho accomplishment of tho project an' onsytiiBk; and it is to thoso who sympathise with tho idea that tho appeal for pecuniary assistance is made. Sums as low aa ono shilling will bo received, although it is hoped, nnd expected, that woalthy colonists will givo liborally. Wo havo pleasure in thus drawing public attention to th» mailor, and shall bo still bettor pleased in returning tho subscription list, well filled-up to tho Ho». Secretary and Treasurer.-South Aus- tralian Advertiser. VICTORIA.-THE CHOPS.-Tho crops at Cowio'a Orook and tho Buck Tonds »¡nco tho lost wind and hot woa> thor aro lit for reaping. " Tho avorago ylold will! bo good. Thpro is a scarcity of labour, formen will not work wjicre th ro is a mowing machino if- thoy can help it. Yet farmers say it is n great saving. Tho saving of labour is nothing compared with tho extra quantity of grain reaped. Tho principal causo of grumbling with tho fow is about rust nnd light crops, but; lot thom manuro tlio land bettor, and tho crops will yiold a corresponding roturn.-Geelong Bogister. Sourit AusTiuMAK WHEAT.-Wo havo been shown ' a samplo ef now wheat, of-what may ho called a very moderate quality, not much better than tho screenings ' of that which has boon grown in former .roars, which has boon ground, and it has keen found that it would rcquiro about sixty-flvo bushels of it to moko a ton of flour. ;Aftof tho flour had been through tho droBsing- '; machines it seonis to bo of fair avorago quality. Bas! year about forty to forty-llvo bushols wero required to make a lon of flour, but this year of somo of tho wheat ? it would toko quito a bundled.-Bunyip. îjgp" Moasrs. Ohas. Mooro and Co. have rcquostcd U3 to direct tho attention of Wurohoueomcu, Drape ie, Storekeepers, and tho trade, to thoir Cont nuatisn Salo of Di apery, Manchester mid Dross Goods, Clothing, Damaged Groy Calicoes and Bunting, this day, at ll o'clock, nt thoir Rooms, Pitt-strcct.-Advt. 1 