THE METROPOLIS. Adelaide, J ill y 17'. They ought to hold a carnival at the Moonta on Saturday, and invite over a few Adelaide lawyers to assist. The news of tlie week is that the Moonta case is settled. The first rumour got abroad on Monday, but everything had been practically arranged before then, I suspect. The argument was to come on again in the Supreme Court on Tuesday, and all that could be learned there was its postponement. The directors and the company's agents were as close as oysters, and when the press asked for information . they coolly asked the press to say nothing . at all on the subject. Mystery has always been the peculiar atmosphere of the Moonta, but in. this instance it could not be maintained. Those who first heard the rumor of pending negotiations had very little time to operate in the share market before the thing was generally regarded as settled. What business could be done on the Monday turned out well on the Tuesday, for the shares rose twenty pounds at a jump. They were quoted on Wednesday morning at a hundred and fifty pounds; the highest they have stood since the collapse of 1866. The terms of the arrangement are the next point on which the public are eager to be enlightened, but very little has yet transpired which can be relied upon. It is said on good authority that the hush money has been fixed at the respectable sum of eight thousand pounds. This should allow Mr Boucaut some fat pickings, and leave a trifle to the promoters, who, it appears to me, have got out of the litigation better than ever the Privy Council could have delivered them. The case was, in fact, becoming a very transcendental onefor them. Their personal interest in it had diminished or become so remote that even success would have been a i small gain to them. The directors on their side may have been glad to rid themselves of an incubus on any terms. But in compromising the matter thus have they not established a dangerous precedent P They virtually admit that their title to the mine is disputable, and that litigation would be troublesome enough to be worth buying off at almost any cost. The points on which their leases were challenged had ererted a manifest diversity of opinion in court,, and their not pressing them to a decision does not promise weU for future peace and security. Mining shares generally do not follow the example of the Moonta. There appears to be a reaction on '-Change, but that is no very sound criterion either way. WheaL. James's have stuck at their old quotation—a pound, while Paramattas have receded to six pound ten shillings. The news by last mail may have had some share in this reaction. It was not so favorable as that of the previous month. On the 9th June the quotation by late telegram was only £82 10s, but the beginning of the month is never an active time among smelters. It is stated that the Cornish mines are all resuming work again, and that there is hardly any unemployed labour in the country, nor, in fact, all over . the western mining districts. The Birmingham trade does -not recover so rapidly, but the exports speak well of the foreign trade. Confidence is being re-established on the Continent, and even in France manufacturers begin to hope that there will be no war this year, nor perhaps for several years. It is quite within the range of possibility that this French imperialism, which has lain like & nightmare on Europe for nearly twenty years, may be about giving up the ghost. The empire is not only growing disaffected. It is in great financial difficulties. The opposition is pressing every day harder on the Emperor, and his only choice is transformation or revolution. He must abandon his foreign policy as much on account of its expense as of its hopelessness. Then with a moderate navy in France, and the new Army BHL worked judiciouslyn;must vanish all military alarm, must return commercial confidence and general prosperity. The continent is waiting for this, England is waiting, and when it comes, every market in the world must be more or less benefited by it. The wool buyers are sanguine, and continue to offer good prices. By and bye the smelters may pluck up courage, and show us what copper ought to be-—say £92 10s,. instead of £82 10s. 