THE DOOM OF WARNHAM; Chapter T. Eighty years ago there was many a de- j mesne in Ireland that, circled around with ] glade, with woodland, with lake and grassy | sweeps, with mansions and princely halls, ! belonged to men whose very names have passsed away from the land where they were onse a power. One of these is yet ' to be sean in the heart of a north-western county — a land of lakes and hills ! It now belongs to a noble absentee, and has been saved, by the wealth of its great proprietor, from the civilisation of the Landed- Estates Court. It is still in the same state of nature as in the days when the Irish par liament sat in College Green, and the bugles of the volunteers rang out with martial mu^ic in the airs of Ireland. Great herds of cattle fatten in summer time upon the heavy rolls of £ra«s that lie as gross upon its sod as though they mere swathes cut by the mower. A lofty wall, kept in perfect repair, surrounds the vast extent of land which is comprised within its bounds. Every imaginable beauty that nature could give to a fertile spot lies within that wall. Gentle undulations, that rise here and there into bold hills ; fair streams, born of one birth, but severed by the chances of their progress, wend and watch each other until they bound at last into union, and swell lake-like in their gathered wealth of waters ; meadowy downs and breadths of forest-land, — all are there. There too is a mansion first founded by one of the fierce barons of the Norman in vasion, who made his settlement more by fraud than force, yet who never scrupled to use force when fraud failed him in his objects. Ruin dwells around that mansion now. When the conquest of Ireland was done and over it fell into peaceful guise and stood dismantled, like a warrior who has put off his mail and laid down sword and spear. The fierce aud frowning look of war had lapsed from its gray stone*. Where the man at- arms kept watch, flowers grew up, and the ivy stood for warder aud culverin on its ramparts. So it changed. New owners had altered it, as one part or another decayed. Fair ladies, who died old and wrinkled grandmothers hundreds of years ago, as they came thither young biides with one lord of the house or ano ther, had changed it to their fancy too ; and eighty years since it bore the aspect it bears to-day, save that ruin had not marked it so deeply as now. No one resides in that princely mansion, although its balls and dormitories, its offices and stalls, could well accommodate a royal retinue, and house man and beast of a gallant tram. The steward, who looks after the interests of its owner upon the lands, lives at what was once the gate lodge, but which, enlarged and elevated, forms now a Gothic mansion of no little pretensions. Beyond the precincts of that mansion no labourer or servant would like ' to pass after du-k, or before cockcrow along the wide carriage way that leads to the t'castle,' which is a long mile distant. Tall oaks shadow it over, mak-ng an arcade of their branches in the summer-time, through which the sun's rays never pierce, and in the- winter wave their ghost-like arms, as if to scare them off its gloomy breadth Yet it was to the gate-lodge at the en trance of this lonely carriage drive that, late in an October night eighty years ago, there came a man leading a horse by the bridle. He shook the iron gate furiously which separated the road from the de mesne ; but it was a night when sounds like that were not to be heard a yard away. The storm screamed through the 1 hu^e trees that towered above the walls on \ each side of the gate and above the lodge, and toro through its stacked chimneys with a diapason of fury. The lodge was si'uaied about ten puces beyond and to the rigbt, of the gate, The applicant for en trance hallooed and shouted with might aud raaiu ; but the great winds lifted their voices still higher, and the rains that they bore upon their breaths foil in splashing torrents, enough to drown all other sound which was not nearer than their own. ?' 1 11 not get in to-night,' he muttered be tween his teeth. He looked around him,, as if thinking what to do His eye fell upon the horse, whose head was drooping, and which he .'.ould feel shivering with ihecold and rain. I Che sight aroused him to adopt a new ex ?edient ' Hould up your head, Rattler,' said he j u whatever I might stand meself, I'm not goin' to see the best hunther that ever crossed a fence, though he's stiff and ould now, murthered be a winther's night. I'll bring them out.' The man stooped, and lifting up a splin ter of stone, stood a little distance from the gate and flung it, endeavouring to reach the window with the blow. After it left his hand he stood listening, and ieard it strike against the wall and drop upon the ground below the house. 'A bad aim,' said he ; i( the next '11 be betther. Again he tried the experiment, and a loud crash was the response of success. He had broken the glass. ? The door of the lodge was quickly opened, and a low thick set man appeared at the threshold, in the light that streamed from within into the darkness. 'Who's there?' he shouted; 11 frind or foe T ?' Open the gate 1' yelled the waiter out side. '' It's Jemmy the huntsman !' said he, as if in reply to some observation from some one in the lodge. ' Give me the kays.' '' Why didn't ye come earlier, Jemmy ?' said he, as he proceeded leisurely to unlock the gate; ' an' you mightn't brake the window.' ' Why didn't ye open the gate, an' I wouldn't?' was the fierce reply of the other ; ' but I don't want to be losin1 my time talking to you new. Give me a lan th.eTcn.an' a light in it, till I get up to the house at wanst. I have the kay iv the stables, an' don't want to be delayin' this poor animal while I wake up Katty Flaherty to let me in there, as I had to wake up you. Get me the light at wanst !' ' Don't be in such a hurry, man ; ye've time enough,' answered the other, walking into the lodge leisurely, from whence he seemed to have m great desire to emerge. ' Gi' me the light man, an' don't keep me here all night !'' roared the man whom we see addressed as Jemmy the huntsman. ' Here it is, Jemmy M'Cabe ; here it is,' said the other : ' fair an' aisy goes far in a day, where foul an' saucy never makes a step. Here's your light now, an' take care o' yourself goin' up to that pleasant place above. Throth, I'd rather not be goin' up wid ye.' ' Hugh Dalton, mind you your business, and I'.U take care of mine,' said the hunts man, taking the lantern from the lodge keeper, and turning away under the dark arches of the trees, that now bent and swayed and writhed to the will of the wind above the lonely avenue. As the man and his horse went onward the darkness became yet more dense, and the storm blew so strong against them that their steps became slower. Crashing branches from time to time drooped down from amidst the tossing boughs, and trip ped the wayfarer and his steed. ' Cross o' Christ about us !' he muttered. f- Rattler, agrah, we've been out many a time, but a time like this I never remem ber afore : I pray the saints we may get home safe an' together.' Struggling along, they had passed for some time, when a faint and distant sound, like a bugle-note afar off, swept by on the wind. 'No, Rattler!' exclaimed the huntsman; and he listened in excited breathlesness to try to catch the tone as it fleeted away. The pause apparently satis fied him. ' Well, well,' said he resuming his journey, and talking aloud, like a man who wished to hear his own voice, ' what an ould fool I am, an' my heart batin' like a child's, that hears a noise that frightens it ; me that was out, daylight and dark ness, about this place for a matther iv forty years ; me that looked many a time at death himself, an' dar'd him, when a ditch yawned like the grave to kill horse and ridher ! A whistlin' win' an' a dark night makes a gom o' me in my ould days, whin I ought to have more sinse. Come on, Rattler boy !' said he, patting the horse affectionately. A flash of lightening at this moment— and in this unusual season of the year for its appearance — for a brief interval brightened {up all the vista; aud so in tense was its brightness, that the shadows of the trees fell as plainly across the avenue as though the noonday sun had cast them upon it. This was succeeded by a thunder-peal, stunning in its report, which was caught up among the neighbouring hills, and reverberated from height to height like a giant's laughter, with hoarse imitation. Flash after flash spread across the skies now ; and as if the wind were worsted in this terrible battle of nature, it grew less fierce in its sweep. Again there rose in the succeeding hush the bugle note,, still faint and distant, but preternaturally clear. The horse lifted his head ; ani| with ear cocked and eye staring in the dull light from the lantern, neighed shrilly, r$ if in response to the sounds. 'May the Lord keep us!' exclaimed the huntsman, in accents tbat betrayed agitation. ' Rattler, them is no earthly hounds called by that bugle : the Ghost's Hunt is out now. I'm not the fool J thought I was, afther all.' His breath came thick and fast as he said, ?' The bast© hard it now as well as mo : :vv' lore's death over the house iv Warn liaui : 11 eiej' said he, ' iv I'm to meet horror, let it be where I never feared afore. They're weU . hep' that God keeps.' He steadied tfc§ horse, put his foot in the stirrup, an4 mounting him, pursued his way; whilst the animal lifted his head restlessly anej quickly from time to time, as he walke4 rapidly along, and from side to side peered into the darkness. Chapter II. It was on this same night, but earliey than the occurrence of the incidents y?9 have related, that a caleche, travel staine(| and dripping, drove up to the door of the Warnham Arms tavern, in the prosperous town of Warnham. A tall man stepped from it, and walked with long though rapid strides into the large room that, iift those days, served for bar room and sittings room. As he came into the light be was scanned by the loungers about the place,, as loungers in country hostels even to this day, look at a new comer. He was above the middle height, with great breadth of shoulder and density of limb ; but his streugth was the strength that grows not so much from conformation as from use4 and was, too, of that class that seems more, the power of agility than the force of thews and sinews. He wore a large coat, made. oS bear-skin ; and it was of a peculiar shape, having no collar, in those days of cottars, but fitting closely around the neck, He took off the broad and strangely leafe^ hat he wore, and shook it, to cast off the damp that lay copiously on it His face was bearded ' like a pard ;' and this alone in times when beards were not worn, gave him a strange and foreign appearance, The profusion of this appendage, black as a raven's wing, concealed all the lower part; of his face ; but the upper revealed a majes tic and handsome countenance. A brow that the Greek Adonis could not rival, whereon the hair lay :n the classic curls of antique taste ; an eye dark and brilliant, that flashed from arches that well beseemed a palace for thought in the face they adorned, with their long, light, and slightly curved sweep; the skin was sallow, but sallow as if with the burning ardour of foreign suns; and there was something in the glance that told of unrest. It settled for a moment nowhere, but quick and watchful f canned, and set itself upon point after point, and person after person around, like the look of a man who has kept many a dangerous vigil, and did not dare to sleep on them. ' Wet night, sir,' said the Boniface of the Warnham Arms, ' and stormy, too.' k{ Give me some brandy,'3 was the reply of the new comer. ' Here, postillion,' he. said, calling to the man who had driven him ; ' here's your fare. I shall not want you any further.' , The dismissed postillion, though the rain was coming faster and the storm begin ning, remounted his horse and drove away, The stranger turned from the door where he held the brief colloquy, and ap' proached the bar. He took up the tum bler in which the host had poured out a, glassful of brandy, and said, ' Half fill it, man I — you will be paid for it.' ' I don't fear that, sir,' said the host, complying with the directions given himt ' Shall we prepare a bed for you, sir, and get in your luggage V ' No, sir ! I have no luggage, and I will not sleep here, ' was the curt reply, as the stranger put the glass to his lips, an-J drained it at a draught. 'Is there a new road to Warnharn Castle,' he asked ; or is there any change in the old one V ' There is no change,' was the answer, ''That is a inercy,' said the stranger, buttoning his coat about him, and walking out amidst the darkness into the gloom of the risiDg storm. (To U continued.) 