XA.YING THE r OUNDA.TION-STONE OF THE ROMAN CATHOLIC CATHEDRAL OF SC MARY. The benediction and laying of the foundation-atone of St. Mary's Bomui Catholic Cathedral, or at least of that portion of the in tended edifice which is at present in the coarse of erection, took piece on Tuesday, on, and immediately adjacent to, toe actual site of the old building. The principal part in the accustomed cere mony was, according to the Roman Pontifical, performed by tbe Archbishop, the Most Rev. John Bede Folding, who was assisted by hie suffragan prelates, the Roman Catholic Bishops of Mait land, Bathuret, Goulburn, and Eaos, by a large body of the clergy, and many thousands of the laity. It is intended, for the present, to go on with the choir, tran septs, and nave of this spacious and magnificent structure to the length of about 2.0 feet in the clear — so as ta fully complete tboee parts of the sew cathedral before commencing the remaining portion towards Woolloomooloo street; and it ie not too much to state that the progress of the work already made was yesterday found by the public tc De sucli as luuy to jusuty the conclusion tnat it will not be many years before such a completion must come to pass, and the church be ready for use. In regard to the exact position of the building, It may be proper to observe that what is com monly called ' orientation ' has been altogether disregarded. From the necessities of tbe situation, arising chiefly out of the great size of the intended structure, the new cathedral of St. Mary will f ange from north to south ; the choir being towards tbe north, and the western side of the church in the College-street line of frontage, lu entire length, when completed, will be 350 feet, its leait breadth being about '4 feet. Thus finished St. Mary's will, it i« believed, be larger than either tbe cathedrals of Chester, Rochester, Carlisle, Bristol, or Oxford, and not much In ferior, in its dimensions, to the cathedrals of Hereford, and or Wells The portion it is proposed to immediately complete will be of about tbe length of Carlisle Cathedral, and be very con siderably larger than either of the cathedrals of Bristol and Oxford. The design (from the accomplished and experienced pencil of Mr. W. W. Wardell, of Victoria), is cruciform in its general plan, and comprises a nave and aisles, two transepts and aisles, and a choir with (astern and western uielei One of the distin guishing features of the general design of the church will be its vn usual breadOi, in which it will bear a somewhat close analogy to the Cathedral of Lincoln. The entire length is to be about 350 feet, and the width, within the transepts, 118 feet ; the width acioeg the nave and aisles being about 74 feet between the walls. It will, when fully complete, nearly occupy tbe entire length of the ground from fit Mary's Road to WooUoo mooloo-etreet. Viewed from the Domain gate, the northern front (in which there ie to be a very large altar window) will have a very striking effect. Indeed, from the commanding situation which the Cathedral is to occupy, and the grandeur of the whole design. 6t. Mary's cannot fail to prove a most remarkable and Beautiful ornament to the city. The space within the choir ?dotted for the high altar and sanctuary will be about forty-five feet in length, and will be surrounded by the aieles and lateral chapels. Ine organ chamber is to be on the east side of the choir, and opining iron the choir uiel.s by pillars and arches, The nave, choir, and transepts will be about ninety feet in height from tliefloorof thecburoh and will be divided from the aiBles re rpFCiivcly by pillars end arches about Udrty-five feet in height. Over the aisles, and opening Into tbe nave, choir, and transepts throughout, will be a triforium, and above the triforlum a spacious clerestory. There will, moreover, be a central tower or lantern at the intersection of the nave and tmnecpts with a clear Interior height from tbe floor of the churohof 120 feet; and at the contbern end of tbe church, next Woolloomooloo-rtreet, there will he two towen with spires, about 260 feet hi height. Oiring to the paramount moesslty for economising the expenditure as jnuch as powlble-s nocestltv made still more urgent from the cost entailed by the extraordinary depths to which it m essential ? to fso 'fur fovBdutions — tbe erchitect bas. it is understood, been compelled to abandon the Introduction of Btone vaulted oeillnirs, and to have recourse to the ordinary wooden roof. Tbe founds, lions, however, are Bo eoliily constructed that these vaulted ceilings may yet be built, If it should be deemed desirable. Mr, John Young is the contractor for the works, which are being carried out under the supervision o[ Mr. TbomlB Eves, the tteeident Clerk of tbe Works. The Architect, as we have already Intimated, is Mr. Wardell. Hr. Young's present contract will carry ibe walls to the height of forty feet— about one-hull' of their intended height. It is impossible to speak too highly 67 the work, or of the material upon which it has been exhibited. The stones used have all been hewn out of the Fyrmonl Quarries ; of enor mous size without a single fault to be found in them— the very best that could be got. In addition to the cathedral proper, the design includes two lurpe sacristies, each tl feet by 20 feet, with strong room for church plate, and other necessary offices, a spacious chapter house, and a residence for tbe Archbishop. This will comprise tbe usual offices tor the Vicar-General anu Private Secretary, be sides accommodation fur the resident clergy, and the apartments for the Arcbbisbop, libraries, domestic chapel, reception rooms, &c; Tbe a- eign of tbe whole pile is of tbe early deco rate or geometrical period of painted architecture, and, though of tbe eimpleei character, bid; fair to realise a thoroughly cccle piutlfcal and commodious edifice, well suited to its purposes and not unworthy of the Metropolitan city in these Australian cola nit s. Tbe people began to assemble In tbe nortn-eastein portion of the tucloture of Et. Mary's shortly after 10 o'clock— in obedience to the summons of a iojful peal from the belli of the Cathedral, wbicb are now hung in the si.uih-wcstcrn tower, the only portion or the old mince that has not been utterly destroyed. From that hour to tot commencement of the service perions continued to anive in sreut numbers, until between two and three thousand persons must have beeii present. To the northward of the exact site or the luture bigh mur of tbe Church— marked by a cross standing about twelve feet bigb— wub a large tent for the accommodation of tbe m~yor and aim-risen of the city, and numerous other gen tlemen, who bad bet n specially invited to attend. Amongdl tbe vast concourse who witnessed tbe ceremony were Mousieur L F. Kii.tis (the French consul), Bcnor Don E. San Juat (tbe Spanish consul), tbe Captain of the Marjeau, Captain Purcell, Mr. Cropper, Hr. Justice Fauceit. the Hon. T. A. Marr.y, Mr. W. B. JJullev, Mr. W. Butler, Mr. Edward Bennett. Mr. W. A. Duncan. Mr. Cbarles Moore (the Mayor of Sydnry). Mr Alderman Butler, Mr. Alderman Caraher, Mr. Aldeiman Chapman, Mr. Alderman Hordern, Mr, Aldtrn an Hurley, Mr. Alderman Murphv, Mr Alderman Kteel, Mr.J. Hart, M.L.A, Mr. Uuriey, M.L.A., Mr. John E. Manning, the Very Eev. Dr. Forrest, the Rector of St. John's ; Dr. Guboolcv, Fellow of Hi John's ; Mr. U.urles Le-tt, Mr. Cutbbe-rt, Mr Montagu Scott, Mr. James Mulline, Mr. Robert Covtny, Mr. Frie-1, Mr. Barlow. Mr. Jere niiuh Donovan! Mr. JumiB Curtis, Mr. William Curtis. Mr. Kubie, Mr. Jeremiah Moore, Mr. John Uourigan, Mr, M'Cirlhy, and ruuny other gei'tienien and citizens taking an interest in Ibe cere mony. Tbe Most Rev. tbe Areubitbop, on bis arrival at the mod southernmost lent, was accompanied by Dr. Murray, the BubopolMnitland; Dr. M, Quiuu, tbe Bishop ol Bathurst ; Dr. LuDigiin, the Bisbop of Goulbuin; and Monsclgneur d'Enos, the Vicar Apostolic of Uceanica. The Vicar-General (Dr. Sheeny) and about bixty other priests of the archdiuce-se were also pretext, and took part in tbe proceedings. The Archbishop and Blesops wtre vested with rochet, amice, alb, girdle, and stole, and wore white copes and mitres. Each prelate was accom panied by his chaplain. Tbe ruiiro and robes of the Archtmoop «tre magnificent in the extreme. Four or five of the principal clergy likewise wore copts, but mo&t; of tbe priests appeared in tbeir catsocks and surplices. The cantors were the Vicar-General, and the Kcv. Messrs unyer, O'ConncU. and Quirk. These gen tlemen were assisted by Mr. Cordner, the organist of the Cathedral. HiB Grace fully robed, and holding the crosier in his left hand, firtt blested the salt and water in the appointed form, after which tbe cboir chanted the an'iptaon Signum calutls pone, and tbe Psalm Quam dilecta. This being ended, tbe Archbishop, stand ing towards tbe place wbereon he had already spriBkled the water which had been blessed, recited the prayer, ' O Lord God, who, although the heaves and earth cannot con tain thce, tc.' In this prayer the name of tbe Virgin Mary was expreesly mentioned as being that of tbe saint after whom the church was to be called, and a blessing was invoked upon tbe place, and upon the work. The Rev, Pabee Babsaxti preached an eloquent sermon in English, taking for his text the 16th verse of the 28th chapter or Isaiah :— ' Therefore-, thus saith tbe Lord God : Behold I will lay a stone in the foundations of Ziou ; a tried stone, a corner stone, a precious stone, founded in the foundation He that believeth let bim not hasten.' The reverend preacher, although called upon to address a vast audience in a language wherein his difficulties were obviously those of pronunciation alone, was listened to throughout bis discourse with a breathless interest. Be began by informing bis hearers from what portion of the Sacred Scriptures it was that he had selected his text, which they would find in a chapter of the Prophecy of Isaiah ; a chapter sublime and deeply interesting to them, and to all members of tbe Catboiic Church. That chapter, he said, was sublime, interesting, and suggestive of elevated thoughts; and sublime, also interesting, and sigbiy suggestive was that ceremony which they had begun, and were about to complete upon that ever memorable day consecrated by the Church to the Immaculate Conception of the ever Blessed Mother of God. In the presence of tbeir beloved and venerable Archbishop, and of bis respected suffragan prelates, he was there to address a few words to them upon that occasion, and fervently he prayed that God night cause the truth to sink deep into all their hearts. The laying of a foundation eurae to such an edifice as that wa6 no common task, but a work with sncha bigh object tbat the eye of faith might see much more in it than the mere outward act ; for by tbe thoughts which tbat outward act sug gested, they might find themselves readily furnished with argu ments on behalf of their most holy religion, Tbe action of laying the foundation stone of a church was something truly great and elevated; and their assembling for such an object was naturally calculated to move their beans, to quicken their memories, and to awaken their liveliest regrets. Who of them all, at such a time, could help turning himself back in thought to tbe old St. Mary's — the church where they had so often come to prey to Almighty God, and there to enjoy communion with Him on earth, as He hod been pleased to provide. It was Impossible for them to stand there and tot be carri d back to the high masses at which it had be-n their privilege to be present, to tbe vespers, and to all the other ordinances of their Church, in which they had in that edifice so long served their God. In the midst of the concourse of the faithful who were there wont to assemble from all pans of the country (like God's peopleof old), how pleasant it was to spend one day of prayer and of praise. No; they could not forget their old cathedral with its happy days, and its hallowed associations. But God's ways in his dealings with man were inscrutable, they were not as our wayB ; a fire burst out and consumed tbat edifice, destroying what they loved so much in a few brief moments. It had been hard for them to see the band of God in that, and yet it bad, most unquestionably, bees there. They, in the first anguish of their feelings under tbat blow, bad, indeed, deemed it a disastrous and most calamit ous conflagration, but from henceforth let them rather esteem it a happy fire, for from the flames of that fire blessings, through the loving mercy of their God, bad arisen to fall upon the Catho lic Church throughout all the land. God, as tbe great St. Augustine hud well said, knew how to bring good out of evil, and it had been His will to do so in this present instance. The burning of St, Mary's Cathedral, although it had so grieved them all to tbe very heart, bad been the means of furnishing proof of the kind feelings entenained for them by tnousands who were cot with them in tbe unity of the faith, and by persons in high station and influence who were known to be of other re ligions. And then, tbe calamity which hid occurred had, in God's providence, proved to be a means for the strengthening of their faith and trust in bim. It had stirred them up to lend a ready snd a liberal hand to the work that was set before them ; it had shewn them the greatness of the sacrifice demanded of them, and tbe true extent of tbeir Christian duty ; it bad exacted from the faithful the willing admission that they were clearly called upon to erect another, more spacious and more beautiful structure than that which the fire had consumed— a church more suitable to its intend d use, more worthy of the worship of Almighty God. They were called upon to do ibis, too, in an infidel age ; as age in which the faith of some had waxed dim, wben tbe speculations of error were boldly put forth to be substituted for the unwavering reception of fundamental truth. The material constructions of the Church were all correct and significant representatives of the Spiritual Church of Christ. ' Behold I will lay a stone is the foundations of Sios, a tried Btone, a cornerstone, a precious Btone, founded ia the foundation.' It was of that stone, of which St Peter and St. Paul had also spoken, that he desired to speak to them that day. Christ, our Lord, had been pleased to declare Himself in the Holy Scriptures to be a stone because there were some particular attributes of His Divine nature, ef which we could not otherwise have been made fully aware, or have beep at all benefited by such knowledge, had He not so revealed Himself. St. Cvpriansaid tbat Christ was the Stone seen by tbe prophet Zacharias, upon wbich were seven eyes, which were the seven sacraments of ChriBt; a stone of wbich it was written:— 'I will grave tbe graying thereof, saith the Lord of Hosts, and I will take away the iniquity of tbat land in one day.' Christ was the stone prefigured by that upon which the wearied Patriarch Jacob reposed his bead, when he saw, as in a prophetic dream, a ladder reaching down to it from heaven, eo that the angels could descend and reascend thereby. Be, too, was the Stone upon which Moses wrote the tables ot tbe law, and presented them to the people of Israel . It was by Him that we came to know the law, and it was in Him that we saw the law fulfilled unto a perfect obedience. He, also, was the Bt/rae struck by Moses, from the striking of which came forth the waters of life, flowing freely for the refresh ment of His people. Christ— said the) preacher— is that Stone wbich David, by faith, took out of a running stream, and with wbicb he mortally wounded Goliath the great enemy of the people of God ; for Christ is the glorious warrior, who, on our behalf, has struck down the devil. He is the. stone that Josias set up as i testimony unto the people of Israel for ever. He is the tried etone, tbe cornerstone, the precious Btone — the foundation stone upon which rests all the superstructure of our Sion. Tbe prcocker further proceeded to say that the text appeared to him to be as a frame, in wbich, like a picture, or like a mirror, was presented to our view all the great truth b of the Catholic religion. As a houEC could not stand without a solid and sure foundation, so, of course, it was with the Church of Christ. The Apostles were not primary, but secondary, stones in the Church ; the primary stone was Christ, upon whom the whole fabric was icared. On Him, the great foundation stone, the first and the most excellent, was the weight of the whole building imposed. If this was so, bow blind must nottbose men be of tbo so-called ll- formed Religion, who bad departed from tbe old faith— who had abandoned tbe original and true foundation, — who bad at tempted to found their new structures without the clear sanction of a sew revelation. But tbat Church which was built upon Christ be its foundation must stand fast for ever, and those who built upon any otber were only too like the foolish man who built his bouse upon the sumi. Christ was not divided, and his Church was one ; as He, Himself, had said: 'He that is not with me is against me.' Our Lord had selected Peter from amongst bis disciples to represent him ; it was to St. Teter that he bad given tbe keys or heaven ; it was to. bim that He bad promised that His Church should continue to stand to tbe end of time. It was St. Peter also who bad been appointed to feed Christ's sheep and lambs. Our Lord had appointed Peter to be tbe representative of Him, the primary stone. When Cbriet bad said u to Peter, ' Tbou art Peter, and upon this rock will I build tny Church,' He spoke not merely to that first of the apostles, but to all the Roman Pontiffs who should come after that apostle, succeeding him in n gulur und uninterrupted succession in the chair of St. Peter. Each one of these, in bis turn, bad been primary stones re presenting. Christ, the great primary stone upon which they all rested ; neither wind nor wave could ever sweep what bad been to fitly builded away. It was established on a rock, raised upon a foundation that could not be other tban secure. But tbe enemies of Christ denied the truth of this y and sot only did His open enemies do so, but even amongrt tbe faithful there were those who were thus being led astray. They must do as they listed, but for all this they would, most assuredly, be brought unto judgment. In hi- text, Chrirt was spoken of is three different terms— as the 'tried' stone, as the 'corner' stone, and as the 'pre- cious' stone. He would touch upon tbe first two of these some what briefly, that he might have tbe more lime to insist upon the third. The preacher here proceeded to print out that in tbe days of the old low there was tbe Jew and tbe Gentile— tbe one the elect of God; the other, tbe reprobate and cast away. Christ had changed all that— for he came into tbe world to save the Jew and tbe Gentile alike. Chiist in his body bad united the Jew and tbe Gentile together, and bad given to both an equal right to the blessings which He came to dispense. Christ became tbe Father of all that believed in Him, whether Jew or Gentile. But the Jews had rejected Our Bleeeed Lord, and then He bud turned to tbe Gentiles. Truly He was tbe tried stone, the sacred and tbe mystical stone —the stone tbat bad been beth rejected and eboten— tbe great corner stone upon which rested the whole weight of tbe Church of God But Christ was, moreover, called a '? precious' stone because hi Him were united the two natures— tho nature of God and the nature of man, In Els body (suca a« He wag pleased to take upon him) there was to be seen tbe wonderful union of two natures, and therefore He wu, by a figure, called tnePrrdous Stone. Christ wu also the Living Btone, or the Btone of Life, having light and life in himself, and bring the author of light and life for others. By a similar figure St. P.ul also spoke of Christians as 'living stones.' Cbriet was indei d tbe tried stone, a etone rejected by the builders. Vi bat had not the Wicked One done since He was made manifest in ibis world to ussbuU the strength of our mystical 8ion ! Toe Jtws at Jerusalem had tried the myetical stone ; they had rejected it. and with bitter revilings had crucified the Lord of Glory. Then csme tie cruel persecutions of the Pagans tgsinst the early Church ; then the simibarbariNn and immorality of several succreduig ages ; then the so-called Reformations of England and of Germany in the 16th ccstury, and lastly the wide-spread in fidelity of the present cay. All these things had, in succession, eortlv tiled the Head Corner Stone, but still it stood in its place unchangeable and unchanged. Tbe rev. preacher next proceeded to refer at some considerable krgth. to the mystery of the dream of tbe King of Babylon, epi dally reveal* d to ibe prophet Daniel, as recorded in the second chapter of Daniel He described to his hearers, in animated tiims, the terrible statue of gold, silver, brass, iron, and da;, and expatiated upon the destruction of that sym bolical colossus by 'a stone cut without hands.' Daniel said tbat the stone had struck the statue on the fret that were made of iron and day, and broke then all to , iices— tbe destruction so caused continuing until the whole statue was broken up and swept away, the stsne which bod struck that emblem becoming a mountain, filling the whole earth, Tbe learned divine argued tbat this stone wa* also Christ, who should put all things beneath Dim and reign over tbe whole earth, utterly destroying thd unsightly and incongruously cotn poundid Colossus of Error, Wicked and fo-illub were those sectarians and ucbelie.era who attempted to establish the reign of their delusions on the vainly expected fall of the kingdom of Christ. Whosoever should full upon that sioi/e it would hurt bim ; but upon whomsoever that st me should fall it would grind bim to powder. There was neither xniebt, nor power, nor strength against tbe Lion of Juelah. Tbe preacher farther explained that the 'Stone cut without bands,' was clearly meant for Christ,— who of his own free will, and moved only by his love to man, took upon him our nature, and assumed the task of our redemption. Tbe rev. father here made a pointed allusion to tue dogma of tbe Roman Catholic Church, to which tbat day was specially consecrated, and spoke in tloquent terms ef tbe happiness enjoyed by the Archbishop on that day. Surrounded by his suffragan bishops, the beloved representative of tbe representative of Christ, tbe Arch birhop might, after that day, almost exclaim with Simeon, ' Lord, now let thy servant depart it pence, according to thy word, tor mine eyes bava seen thy salvation.' ^2?ne Benson concluded with a very striking appeal to all the members of the Koman Catholic Church then present, iuviting them to come forward with liberal contributions. To them who rightly believed in Cnritt, tbat Stone of wbich he had spoken was given for life and for salvation ; but to them who believed not, that none was no means of strength, but a stumbling block, and a rock of perdition. Tbe h in on being ended, Mr, Robert Coveny and Mr. James Mullins approached the Archbishop, and on behalf of the com n litre (as the honorary treasurers of tbe same) presented his Grace with a splendid gold trowel, manufactured for the occa sion4 by Mr. Delarue, of George-street. This very beautiful work of an excited universal admiration. The metallic part, or blade of thetlowelis of solid gold, weighing about twelve ounces. Tbe handle is of ivory, handsomely finished, but of a somewhat giuin and simple pattern. At the junction of the blade with the andle is a shield bearing the Archbishop's arms, blazoned with the arms of the Arcbiepifcopal See. Near this skield (and con necting it with the handle) isai-olid figure of an angel with expanded wings. On tbe broadest portion of the trowel-blade are representation* ot the. late, and of the intended. Cathedral of St. Mary. Tbe whole workmanship demands the highest praise. Below the bas-reliefs is tbe following inscription :— ' Arpo Sidneienei et Hetrop. Australia} Solio pontificali assistenti, Primarium Lapirlem Eccl Calhtedrai. 8. Maria; instanrandae benedicturo et posiluro, Fcsto Immac Concep. B, V. M., A. 8. U6B, Viri Electi, Quibus demandatus e-6t ccdificationis in vieilandee et promovende GraliStimnii labor ' The Bishop then, standing without his mitre, blessed the first stone, eBying the vcraclet, and offering up the following prayers : — ?? O Lord Jesus Christ, Son of the living God, who art true God Almighty, the splendour and image of the Eternal Father, who art the cornersiunecut out from the mountain without hands ; and the unchangeable foundation; establish this stone to be placed in thy name ; and thou who art the beginning and the end, in wbicb beginning God tbe Father created all things from the firEt ; be tbou, we beseech tbee, the beginning and the increase, and the finishing of tbe work itself, which is to be begun to the praise and glory of thy name. Who, with the Father and the Holy Spirit, livest and reignest, God, world without end. Amen.' *' Holy Lord, Father Almighty, everlasting God, vouchsafe to blese this stone for the foundation of a church in honour of Saint N. Through our Lord Jews Cbriet, thy Son: a tried stone, a corner stone, a precious etone, fonnded in tbe foundation, concerning which tbe Apostle saith, But the Rock was Christ. Who, with Thee and the Holy Ghost liveth and reigneth, God, world without end. Amen.' His Grace then blessed the stone, using the words ' Benedic Domine creaturam istam lapidie, &c.;' Next was said er rather chanted, the Litany of the 6oints, the priest chanting the tuflrageE. After that the Archbi-hop began tbe antiphon, 'Mane snrgess Jacob, &c.;,' tbe cboir following him and chanting the Psalm 'Nisi Dominns.' This having bees done, tbe Prelate, standing in bis mitre touched tbe Etone, and placed it in the foundation, saying theEe words :—' In fide Jesu Christi collocamus lapidem istum primarium in hoc fundamento : In nomine Fatris, et Filii, et Kpiritue Sascti. ut vigeat vera fides hie, et timor Dei, frateraaque dilectio, et sic hie locus destiuatus oration}, et ad invocandum, et laudasdumnomenejusdemDomisi nostri JesuChristi, qui cum Patre, et 6piritu Sanaa vivit et regnat Den.', per omnia scecula t&culorom; B Amen ' Tbe stone was then properly set by the mason, and the Psalms 'Miserere mci Deus,' ' Fundaments ejus,' and ' Laitatus sum,' with the appropriate antipbons, were sung by the choir. Tbe Archbiehjp, with tbe bishops and clergy following, then went round tbe foundations. After some further prayers the 'Veni Creator SpirituB' was sung, at the end of which the service was concluded by two appropriate prayers, offered up by the Archbishop. The inicriptien on the brasB plate affixed to the foundation stone of St. Mary's is as follows :— In nomioe Jesu Christi, Primarium bunc lapidem Ecclcsitc Cathedralis Stoe Marisc, prope 6itum prioris acdificii, conflagratione die xxix Junii. 1.1. uocccLxv, penitue diruti, amplificandee tamen et 6umptuosius in6taurandasf solemni ritu benedixit et posuit. Illmus et Rmus Johannes Beda Polding, O.S B., Arpus Eidneieneii necnon Metrop. Australia?, medius inter Illmus et Rmus Epos suo' saffraganeos, Meibowncnstm, Brisbanenrem, Bathurstensem, Maitlandensem, et Goulburnsem, Quibus aetabat Rmns et Illmus Ep .Xnensis, 8 .M. LstiBsimo Immac. Concep B. V M. Festo, Anno Salutis, hdccclxvhi , Aseistente maxima corona presbyterorum, ingentique laicorum, comitante frequentia fidelium, Preces dona gratiarum actiones, Deo Uno, et Trino Omnium bonorum Larctitori, gratissimo cordis affectu effundientium, Pio Xono, Eummo Fontifice feliciter regnante, Victoria Britanniarum Regina, Fjusdem, vices in hac colonia prafecto gereute Honoratmo Comite de Belmore, Rev. Adm. S. J. Sbeehy, O.S B., VioGenl. : Revdis Dmnis M. J. Dwyer, P. F. O'Farrell, M. P. Fitzpatrick,! J. Gurvey, P. J. Healcy, Pnsbytttis Missionariis Cathedralis, MinUteris addictfs. Gul. W. Wardell, Architecto. Joannes Toung, Operum Redemptore. SOLI DEO OLOEIl. The amount collected at the close of the ceremony has not yet been exactly ascertained, but it is believed to be over £1700. The ceremony having been concluded, his Grace proceeded to the platform, and resumed his seat surrounded by the bishops and dergy who had aeFisted. A committee which had been ap pointed at a public meeting to prepare an address of congratula tion to bis Grace then approached, headed by the Hon. J. H. Plunkctt, who presented to him the following address, stating tbat the pleasure he felt in doing so was enhanced by the recol lection that thirty- three years ago r e had on nearly tbe same ground presented an address to his Grace on his arrival in tbe colony. ?? To the Most Reverend John Bede Polding, Archbishop of Sydney and Metropolitan. ' May it please your Grace,— ?? On this most solemn and eventful occasion, we, the Catholics of the dioceEe of Sydney, beg to offer to your Grace the expression orourheerty congratulations on the auspicious undertaking of to-dsy. ' Tbe sorrow arising from the calamity by which in a few hours we were deprived of tbe sacred edifice which for upwards of thirty years had been tbe mother chuich of Australia, was to us the more difficult to bear, because we knew bow bitter end bow deep would be the suffering of your Grace for tbat great Iocs. With the edifice then destroyed all tbe dearest and holiest associations of your Eccles astical Government of thiB portion of Christendom were intertwined. It was itself a great historic fact testifying the vitality and self-sscrificing spirit of our faith, by manifesting how, under the darkest and most discouraging circumstances, a worthy temple to the Moet High bad been raised and adorned by the piety and munificence of a former generation. ' It was, however, our great consolation that your Grace was npbeld in the midst of your affliction by the generous asd noble sympathies of the people of this country. Not to us alone who were bound by the bondB of faith and obedience belonged tbe exclusive privilege of manifesting how largely your Grace bad won the confidence and esteem of the people of this country. Ton had then the unspeakable happiness of discovering that your tolerance, your charity, your thirty years of blameless and exemplary life among our fellow colonist*, who do not recog nise your spiritual authority, had borne fruit in the universal expression of sympathy with your Grace's sorrow and with ours. ' And now tbe moment has arrived when, assisted by the generosity of many of tboee separated from us in religious opinions, we have commenced the erection of a building, the pro portions and magnificence of wbich will be tbe noblest monument of yoor Grace's rule, and the most enduring testimony of our faith and love. ' We owe- much to these who have so aided us ia our effort! toward b the erection and completion of a structure which, while it will be to ub tbe House of God, Bill only be to them a great architectural adornment of this city- We acknowledge thU great obligation, and the consciousness of it has assisted us to bear for lhiir sekes much thatin recent times we have been called upon in tbe good Providence of God to endure. In your Grace's character and public services, as the head of our Cburcb in Aus tralia, we have found ample refutation of the calumnies of those unhappy people wbo would represent our faith as a conspiracy against loyalty and human liberty, and who are ever prepared to hear, to receive, snd to circulate, any rumours, however ground less, that d av prejudice us in the eyes of our fellow colonists. ' In conclusion wo beg your Grace te convey to tbe venerable bishops wbo have eurrounded you in the solemn ceremonial which has just taken place our bumble acknowledgments of their ser vices, and our assurances of profound sympathy wltb them in the great labours in wbich they are engaged. The short period of tbeir episcopal ministration amongst ua bas already afforded sum drst opportunity to appreciate and admire the true apoBtolic spirit by wbich they are animated, and we cberUh the devout bopc tbat tbeir labours may be crowned with success. ' With our prajers that Almighty God mBy preserve you in the enjoyment of health and of all blessings, till the great object ef your Grace's life shall bo attained. ' We bove the honour to subscribe ourselves your Grace's faithful servants. 'John H. Tlvkkett, President of Committee.' [For the Catholics of the diocese. 1 To thiB his Grace was pleased to return the following reply .— ' Dear Friends,— Your congratulations are a comfort and happiness to me. I am thankful, firBt of all to our good God, who bus wrapped me round with such kind sympathy in my eorroys and joy ; and next, to you who, with such true Instinct of filial friendship, bave ever chosen the most opportune moment to cbd r and strengthen my heart, by showing me what was in jour own. May God blcs- ;ou with every form of temporal and spiritual recampencc! This is, indeed, as you soy, a solemn and eventful occasion ; and It is to me peculiarly an occasion of coneolatitn and happiness, It proves to me tbat t am building In my people's love, and that their love for mei» for God's sake. Ibis is the right order, this is as it should be. We torrowea tegether with a sorrow that had its chief source In what seemed a sweeping away of dear and holy memories, aad an Injury to the service and work of God among ns ; we have now our cen.mon gladness In the renewal of th»EC memories, the near prospect of more than restoration to that sacred service and work. After the sight of our misfortune the bright day has dawned upon us, and with thankful joy we are exulting in ill light. ' This ia Gid's doing, and it 1b wonderful in our eyes ' We realise that ancient, oft-repeated mercy 1 of the 'God of patience and com fort,'— ? I will turn their mounting into joy, and will comfort them and make them joyful after tbeir sorrow.' ' My dear friends, you have most justly styled our old 8U Mary's a great historic feet, and you ore right None know so well as I what Borrows, what hopes, what faith, ha* glorified those eld walls. Tes, it was to the world a great historic fact, but It had around it an inner history of facts more real tban its stones ; a history legible only to the eyes of God ana His angels, until tbe last great day of revealing shall come ; histories of penitence, and hope, and confidence, und radical conversion of lire— of all tbe sacred forms of tbe manifold grace of God in men's hearts. And cow we have begun a new history, and I agree with you in desiring to inscribe on its very first page the mo»t generous sympathy and help, offered to us and ace. pted, when we first gathered together after our dis afte-r, from many who are not sharers in our Catholic responsi bilities. May God reward them as Ee best knows how. Ton say that tbe thoughts of that kindness enabled you to endure much that you have eince been called upon to endure. No doubt, and righteously ee. What should give us cimfidence in our fellow men if kindncis, spontaneous kindness in the verybourof need does not give it! You were rlnhi in trusting that tbe minds and hearts of your noblest fellow cil'zens, then shown t« you in word and deed, would never accept vt if for a moment they accepted, would speedily reject and repel the shamefully foul and cunninp calumnies that at one unhappy me mint were cast into the air. like a deadly miasma, by ignorant bate, and unscrupulous political scheming. ^Nothing has made me more thankful than the steady, manly, forbearance of so many of my dear simple children in the faith, under the most pain ful provocation. Tbeir generous souls understood thd motive that you bave given expression to, and they accepted the counsel of tbeir Archbishop and tbe ir bishops and their otber clergv, frankly and dutifully. I am proud if them. For tou who are men with greater opportunities of intelligence and cultivation— why, I commend you, and sym Ealhite with you in your annoyance and self-command ; bat you ave been onlv what I bad a ripht to expect yon would be. The event bas justified, you see, our counsel and your behaviour. Men are already beginning to wonder what tbe fuss of anger and tUFpicious hale has a 1 been about; and very obviously the out crop of poisonous plants, that threatened ta mar our thirty yearB' harvest of brotherly harmony and good will, has begun to wither away. So let it be I It is another confirmation of tbo Diviue word — ' In silence and in hope (ball jeur strength be.' Yes. thank God. I say it in no boastful self-confidence, but with bumble trust in God's grace, from an old man's experimental knowledge of Catholic faith osd teaching, that we shall live down and shame calumny and hate. And as it will be in our little- local troubles, so will it be on the wide etage of the world ; the time, believe me, is not far distant ? when men shall recognise, witb astonishment and claim, that loyalty of every kind, that human liberty in every direction, intellectual, and moral, and spiritual, have their oBly true and sure foundation in that Catholic Church, which, like her Lord had been partly unknown, and partly of malice travestied and insulted. ?' My Right Reverend and dear friends, the Bishops, wbo are here with me, hnve heard your words of acknowledgment, and have seen your deeds, and 1 know witb what pleasure and hope they, are filled. Not all are with us that wished, and expected, to attend our festival, but those who are unwillingly absent will hear and read of what we h'ive done, and will enrich us with their prayers and blessings. They who are here will, perhaps, with their own lips, tell you how they esteem your kind and dutiful thoughts and feelings towards them. And now, dear friendB and children, once more receive my own hearty thanks ; oiid once more let u« resolve together that the work we h-.ve bo bappily begun this day, shall, henceforward, please God, never eufler let or (top, as far as we can help it, until its completion. I hope next year, if it please God to continue to me health, that I shall attend the great (Ecumenical Council, and I should like to carry with me a picture, say a good chromolithograph, of the new Cathedi-al as we project it in its completed stale ; and next, a good photograph of the fifteen, or twenty, or twenty-five feet that we shall, I hope, have built up by that time on the noble lines we this day commence. Tou see I am confiding to you a secret, but there is neither treason nor felony in it, so mind you keep the secret ; and, that it may be more sorely kept, tell it at once to every one, man, woman, and child that you-know. It will be well kept then, and ! shall have many to help me to realise my project, to bnild up the rive and twenty or thirty feet I speak of. I shall be, if I go, almoBt, if not quite, tbe oldest Arcbbiehop of that council, and I should dearly like to boast a little about you at Rome, and to hear them say, * what a fortunate Archbishop that is, he comes one year with a sad history of a Cathedral destroyed, and then almost thp next he comes with the picture of a tenfold more magnificent one already built '—for well begun you know, dear friends, is half done. May God bless you.' This ended tbe ceremoay, which had lasted for several hours. The Luncheon. In tie afternoon bis Grace tie Archbishop gave a private luncheon, in St. Mary's Seminary, to tbe bisbopB, dergy, com mittee, and a few friends, the componv present numbering about one hundred. On the right of the Archbishop— wbo of course occupied the chair— were the Rev. Dr. Battalon, Bishop of Enos ; the Rev. Dr. Murray, -Bishop of Maitland : tbe Consuls of France and Spain, Mr J. H. FluBkett, and Mr. W. A. Duncan. On the left— the Rev. Dr. Quinn, of Batnurst; tbe Rev. Dr. Lanigen, of Goulburn ; Mr. Justice Faucctt, the Rev. Padre Barsanti, Mr. E. Butler, and Major Nowlan. After tbe handsomely provided repast had been partaken of, a number of toasts were proposed. His Grace, in giving ' Her Most Gracious Majesty the Queen,' said they had bees taunted witb insinuations of wont of loyalty, but the despicable calumny contained in such besotted aspersions was scarcely worth notice, as tbe loyalty of Catholics under the greatest provocation would contrast favourably with that of other bodies. He loved the Qneerj, not more as a monarch tban for her private virtues. She was setting the very best of examples, even in certain matters with rrgard to which she sometimes fell under censure. If she chose retirement in tbe Isle of Wight or in the Highlands of Scotland, ehe was teaching faer children to visit and comfort the widow and orphan, and to aid the poor. Here was true nobility shown by going among tenants, comfaning them and seeing whether they had all tbe advantages thev in their several circum stances were entitled to. Her Majesty bad Bet an example scarcely paralleled for private virtues and straightforwardness. Tbe toast was received with loud cheers, followed by the singing of the first Hanzaof the National Anthem. Tbe next proposal by bis Grace was the health of the Bishops, who bad taken part in the day's ceremony. It was, he said, an occasion affording much gratification, which would be greater on reflection, and he need not say how much of its dignity and solemnity were due to the part taken in it by his venerable Bnd affectionate brethren, the Bishops of Maitland, Bathurst, Goulburn, and Enos. It was from them he had received great relief in the discharge of his duties to the Church, whilst by their aid the progress of religion had been forwarded in distant parts, and, please God, he hoped in a few years to be able with their assistances to give the whole of the children a thoroughly Christian education. By taking care of the young girls and bringing them np in the fear of God, they were pro viOinp in the best mode a means of promoting tbe future good of tbeir adopted land. Tbv loaBt having been drunk with enthusiasm, The Rev. Dr. Quinx returned thanks, in doing which he con gratulated his friends upon the dignity and solemnity witb wbich tbe cert mony of laying tbe foundation stone had been invested, and the munificence of the contributions given. But if there was one feature connected with it which more than any other afforded him pleasure, it was the evidence of the advancement of religion, a cause of rejoicing in any country ; but especially was he pleased to see its promoters in this his adopted land, whilst displaying moderation, show themselves determined men. The address to bis Grace, of which all might feel proud, was moderate, charitable but firm, and if anything surpassed it in excellence it was bis Grace's reply. He proposed bis Grace's health, assured that all would unite in wishing bim a full complement of years and happiness. They could wish that he might live to ece the new cathedral completed ; but it was a glorious thing eyes to see a prisoe of the Church arrive at tbe presest age of his Grace, and perform with dignity such a ceremony as thev bad witnessed to-day. His Grace's history was well known. He commenced with small things, and progressed continuously till, this day, he had been seen presiding at a ceremony of which any Church, however old, might well be proud. His Grace's health was drunk with loud applause. Tile ABCHBisuoP, in responding, spoke of the need ho had for tie aid of bis clergy, and said it was required to steady his tot tering steps now tbat he was going down the hill of life, and tbeir cocduct and zeal might afford him great consolation. He ' had found comfort in their works in the respective missions, tbe establishment of schools where they were wanted, and taking core of such poor creatures as were destitute. The great interest he felt in the success of these things made him witlhig to con tinue to bear the burden and do nis duty in the service of God, until It should be His blessed will to remove him. He might Bay it hid been bis desire tbat many more should bave been present on this occasion, Tbe accommodation, however, being limited, it was sot practicable ; and he hoped, therefore, the large number of friepds not asked to be present would not take effence, but regard those who sat here as representatives, and henceforth unite in maintaining their character as Catholics by the exercise of every virtue, religious, moral, and social. Mr. Justice Fadcett, by request (and In the absence of Mr. Flunkett, wbo had retired) pr peted ' The Clergy,' and, in doing so, said— in bis journey through various parts of the (Dnntry, be had met with a consiserablo number of his clerical mends. It was highly gratifying to find them everywhere acquiring tbe respect of those people by whom they were sur rounded. Their example and labours, he had no doubt, would bear fruit largely in spreading religion and morality throughout the colony. He had no doubt that to their efforts was due, in a great degree, tbat diminution of crime noticeab'e in later times. He bad no doubt, also, that according as tbe number of the dergy wbb increased in the country, the duties of Judges would be considerably diminished. (Cheers and laughter.) He con cluded by proposing 'Tbe Health of tbe Very Rev. the Vicar General and tbe DeanB of the Diocese.' The Vicab-Gehesal acknowledged the toast, and pathetically recalled the memory of Archdeacon M'Encroe, wh -. had he lived, be laid, would this day have taken his place at the head of the clergy. Unworthy as he (the Vicar-General) was to fill that position, he felt it an honour to be associated with such a body as tbe clergy of the Archdiocese of Sydney. He hoped they would ever be as one, and tbat when one wu hurt the whole would feel concerm d. Dr. W. B Daixey proposed tbe healths of the Consuls of France and t-pain, who had taken part in the ceremonials of the day, and alluded to the services the nations they represented had rendered to religion, and to tboec countries having been the birthplace of great men like Ximenes, Boeenet, and Fenclon. M L. F. Eextib (the French Consul) in responding, spoke of France as the firet sentinel of tbe Church, and expressed a hope that her countds would continue to be guided by fidelity to it. Benor E. St. Jusi (Consul of Spain) expressed tbe gratification be bud experienced during tbe grand ceremony of the day, and the honour he felt In having his health drunk by so distinguished a company. It was true, he said, that Spain had been known for her fidelity to the Cliurch from wbich she had derived much of her glory, and be hoped sbe would not be ungrateful. He trusted also, that following in the footsteps of tbe Catholics of Spain, the Catholics here would yet do very glorious things for tbe Und of Australia. Before the company separated, his Grace the Archbishop expressed bis gratitude to tbe finance committee for tbeir impor tant services, asd Mr. R. Covrny returned thanks. The Bit-hop of Oxford, in a sermon which he preached at Prince's Kitsborough, em Tuesday, September IS, rebuked the ' great, strong hulking men who came to church and were too lazy to kneel.' The report --f the Royal Commission on the Irish Church has been issued. Tbe Commissioners suggest the abolition of tbe bishoprics of Cashe], Killaloe, and Meath, and tho majority are in favour of leaving one Archbishop only, that of Armagh. The Primate is to have an allowance of £6000 a-jear, the Archbishop of Dublin, if continue*}, £5000, and the bishops £3000 each, with an additional £500 when attending Parliament. The existing diooeses nro to be re arranged; all cathedrals, and deaneries, except eight, are to tie abolished, hut two archdeacons are to bo retained for each diocese. All benefices not having n Protestant popula tion of forty are to be suppressed, and far this purpose the Ecclesiastical Commissioners are to have extended powers. The total revenues of the Irish Church are returned at £(13,000, and the rent-charge amounts to £320,000. 