WEDNESDAY, JAN. 8. LAYING TIllE FOUNDATION STONE OF TILE NEW CATHIEDIAL. The foundation stone of the churdh do. signed to Ib the Cathedral Church of the eliocese of Tasmania was laid at 11 o'clock by his Royal Highness the Duke of Edin burgh. From a huge pair of shears erected in the contro of the spaceO before the plat- r form depended the " chief corner stone," and floating from a flagotaff' above it was the Royal Standard of England eupported by the Union Jack, and two St. Georgo's ensigns t grouped. Shortly after half-past 10 o'clock a guard of honor composed of 100 men of the 2-14th Regiment, arrived in front of the cathedral and drew up in open order to re- 1 ceive his Royal Highness. Shortly betore I 11 o'clock the churchwardous, Messrs. H. I Cook, T. Giblin, and H. Roberts arrived, ne- c companied by the local architect Mr. Henry t Hunter, and the contractor Mr. Robert Wig gins, and deposited upon the stone the imple- c monts to be used by his Royal Highness. These were the silver trowel, which hlts beeno previously described in our columns, a beau- I tifully designed level of Tasmanian light- I wood in the form of a triangle, having a lion I couchseans at either end of the base, a ducal coronet at the top surmounting a cross, and j a plummet of silver. There was also a mallet of she-oak wood highly polished. Let into I the front of the stone was a plate of brass 1 bearing the following inscription in mediaeval i text, with illuminated capitals "In the name of the over blessed and un divided Trinity, and tsnder the 'dedication of I St. 'DAVid, Archbishop and Confessor, this 1 stone was laid by his Royal Highness Alfred ( Ernest Albert, Duke of Edinburgh, on the k oighth day of January, MDCCULXVIII. Gloris tibi Domine. The churchwardons also deposited on the stone the box to be lodged in the cavity, ( which was covered with plate glass, and con- I tnined the usual papers and the following coins:-a half-crown, a florin, a shilling, a eixpence,afourpennypiccea threepennypiece,a penny, a, halfpenny, and a farthing. The following inscription was also placed in the box "This church, designed to be the cathedral church of the diosese of Tasmania, and also the parish church of Saint David (replacing an earlier structure, fonded in the year of ser Lsrd 1817), was so'emety founded on the Sts day of January, in the year of our Lord, 1868, by his Royal Highness AlfreJ Ernest Albert. Duke of Ediehergh, Duke of Saxony. Prince or Coburg Goths. IC G. K.T. HIs Excellenecy Colonel Thumsas Gore Browne, C.B., being Governor el Tasmaniaa; the Right R verond Charles Henry Brombhy, D.D., the Lord Bishop of Tasmania ; the Vtnerable Rowland Robert Davies, B.A, Arclhieacon of iotare Town; the Venerable Teemis lRlbloy. M.A . Archdeacon of Launces. ton s Sir Valentine Fle:ning, Chancellor. of the Diocese; William Lambert Dobson, P'gqire, Otmurch Advocate; John Harrison Esquire, 'Regis rar; the Reverend Frederick Holdship Cox B.A' Incosms'nt if St. David's Csarch the Rev tilenry Bodley Biomhy, B A, Assistant Cerate of the samse, i'nd Chaplain to the Bishop ; Henry Cook, Thomos Giblin, and Henry L Itiberte, E~quiree, Churchwardens s George Frederick IBodley, architect; Henry Hunter, local arshiccit and superintendent of the works." -As St. David's clock struck eleven the state carringo conveying his Royal Highness the Duke of Edinburgh, turned the corner of Macqunrio.street, and drew up at the gate of the Cathedral. The carriage was preceded by two servants in livery, and followed by the Governor's orderlies. It contained H.R.H. tie Doke of Edinburgh, Isia Excellenoy the Governor, Lord Newry, and Lieutenant lfaigh. A second carriage conveyed the flon. Eliot Yorke, Mr. Brierly, Captain Steward, his Excellency's Private Secretary, and Lieut. Lloyd, R.E. acting A.D.C. The royal party was preceded by the proces sion of the clergy, the Lord Bishop following with his chaplain bearing the pastoral staff. On arriving at the stone the clergy filed oil, and formed a square round the dals. The following were the clergymen present:-Tho Bishop, Archdeacon Davies, Rev. F. H. Cox, and Rev., H. B. Bromby, Rove. A. Daven. port, T. Gellibrand, Dr. Parsons, G.B. Smith, J. R. Buckland, F. Hudspeth, New Town; E. 0. Williams, Glenorahy; T. Stansfield, Hoon ; S. Wayn, Green Ponds; G. Wright, Hamilton; E. Freeman, Brown's River; W. W. F Murray, New Norfolk; G. Eastman, Port Arthor; D. Galer, Richmond ; R. Wil. son, Clarence Plains; R. D. Harris, E. P. Adams, Deloraine; H. W. Adams, Jericho; G. M. , Wilson, Campbell Town ; E. Symonds, D'Entrecastenux Channel; C. J. Brammall,. J. H. Smales, St. John'e; \- Dunning, Queensland. An order for laying the foundation.stone of a church or.ohapel had been especially printed for the ceremony and was opened by the Bishop, the ahoir, under the leadership of Mr. F. A. di Puoker, taking up the responses, After the ti opening prayers and vereioles the 8th Psalm at was chanted, The prayers following were w said by the inoumbent, the Rev, F. H. Cox, tl and ha was followed by tho Rev, H. B. y Bromby. On the recitation of that portion of n the service commencing " Behold I Ipy in al Zion a chief corner stone, &o.;," the box con- ti taining lite coins, insoription, newspapors, &O.;, rt was deposited in the. cavity, the mortar was as spread and the atone lowered. The Blihop e then advanced towards the Prince, and said, ft " In the name of the committee charged with ni this work I now beg your Royal Highness to d lay tito foundation atone of this building." tn His Royal Highness then In a clear voice it said, "In the faith of Jesus Christ, we place o this foundationt atone in the name of Go l the s Father, God the Son, and God the v Holy Ghost. Amon." His Royal Highness v then tested the stone with tito plummet, and u giving three tops with the mullit declared it v to be well and truly laid. The troops then I presented arms, and the ilshop continued the / prayers; then advancing to his Royal High- . ness, his Lordship asked permission to nddress u a few words. This being accorded, teio Bishop appealed to all to coma forward and e Masist in tlte completion of tltat church which i had been beguan so nuopiciously lthat day. His r Lordesip now gave out the hundredth psalm, I metrical version, which was sung by the choir I and people. The Ven Archdeacon Davies a then said the remaining collects. The Bono- t diction was then pronounced, and the proceed- c inge terminated. His Royal Highness, in a returning to the stato carriage, bowed fre- c quently to the ladies on tho stands, and to the I orowd, whowero cheering mostetathusiastically. n Having taken his seat, the carriage moved ofil down Murray-street, and along Liverpool-street y to Government House. r Tute, LaVcEV. The levee was held at Government House. s Nearly 400 persons paid their respects to his t Royal Highness. The reception took place in the ball room, on a dals at the extremity of which, facing the gallery, his Royal High ness took his stand for the occasion. The officials and others privileged with the right of private entree had, of course, the honor of priority of admission. When the general levee commenced his Royal Highnoss occupied a place in the centre of thlt dais, supported on his right by his Excellency the Governor, the Premier (the lion. Sir R. Dry), the Treasurer (dte lion. T. D. Chapman), the Speaker of thu House of Assemly (Dr. Officer), the Bisbop of Tasmania (the Right Rev. Dr. Bromby), and his Lordship's chaplain (the Rev. H. B. Bromby). Immediately behind H.R H.'s chair witre Lord Newry and ilte commander of H.M.S. Galatea; and on his left the hon. Eliot Yorke and hie Worship the Mayor of Hobart Town, with his chaplain and the Town Clerk. His Royal Highness wore the fall dress uniform of a captain in the navy, Lord Newry that of the North Shropshiro Yeo manry cavalry, and the hon. Eliot Yorke and Lieutenant Haig that of equerries. The bon. Sir Richard Dry was attired in full court dross, and the Bishops of Tasmania and Ho bart Town respectively in ecolesiastical cos tume. During the private roceptione addresses were presented from the Legislative Council and the Hanse of Assembly. During the public receptions addresses wero presented by the Church of England, the Churoh of Rome, the Church of Scotland, ithe Congregational Church, the Royal Society of Tasmania, the Freemasons, the Ancient Order of Odd Fel laws, tlto Manchester Unity 1.0 O.F., the Rochabites, tlta Glamorgan Municipality, the Manchester Unity (Loyal, South Star, Raglan, Froaklin, and Alborm ale Lodges, OF.), the Working Men's Club, aid the Wealeyan Con ference. (Continued on filth page.) 