Synod of Tasmania Tuesday, llth February. Tbe Synod met in the Town Hall at half-past eleven o'clock, a.m. Members prusent — President, His Lordship the Bishop of Tasmania, Rev A. Davenport (Secretary), Rev. H. P. Kane (Assistant Secretary Northern Archdenoonry) ; Clergy— Yen. Arch. deRconReibey.Kev.Dr. Browne, Revde. C. R. Arthur, A. Baric wny, W. A. Brooke, F.Brownnpg, 11. B.BrowuriKp, J. Cucmhere, J. Dixon, S. B. Ffookfw, J. Feruday, F. Halos, VV. V. Wit choll, A.'N. Maeon, J. M. Norman, W. Richardson, A. StackhousR, G. M. Wilson, ond M. Williams. Southern Archdeaconry — Revds. II. VV. Adams, H. «. Bromby, F. H. Cox, VV. M. Hesketh, and Hudspeth. Laity— Capt. Durjiareisq, Dr. Vulontine, Messrs. H. VV. D. Archer, J. Biedoe, A. H. Bisdce, Alex. Clerke, W.B. Campion, R. Green, J. R. Glover, S. Gaunt, J. F. Uobkirk, J. P. Jones, C. M'Arthur, J. L. Smiib, W.T.Sharland, J. Teveleio, and W. Turner. After some preliminary remarks, His Lordship the President read the follow ing opening address :— ADDRESS. My Reverend Brethren and Brethren of the Laity. I have summoned Synod to hold its Session in Launcestou in tbe hope that experience will Bhow that tbe groat object for which Synod has beeu constituted will be better attained. That object ia to unite the Clergy and Laity of the wbole diocese for tho purpose of general consul tation and legislation. The practical con sequence of Synod meeting in Hobart Town has beeu to deprive it of the pre sence of almost all the clergy, and most of its Synodsmen belonging to the Northern Archdeaconry. Many plans bave toen projected for the correction of this fundamental defect, but, to my mind, all of them would be attended with evils greater than those which tbey sought to remove ; among such were the voting by proxy, and the assembling at some central place between Hobart Town and Laun ccaton. I am aware that there arc disad vantages wbich we may expect from tbe departure from our hitherto uniform practice of meeting in Hobart To,rn, but they are capable, if not of removal, yet of great modification. The pi incip.il objec tion, and indeed the only one of any importance is this, tkat vie may be de prived of tbe presence of many Southern Synodsmen, and those too, whose judg ments have done much to shape our Councils, and tbe result may be that the resolutions of one session of Synod held in tbc North may bo cancelled by a subsequent one held held iu the South. There is one unchangable element, how ever, in our constitution, and that is that the President, whenever it may appear to him that a resolution involving a radical principle which effects both Arch deacoiines, or any principle which may have important bearings upon tbe whole diocese, and upun which there should be united sentiments and united actiou, it will be the duty of the President to sus uend his sanction until tbc question has been reopened at tue subsequent session }f Synod held iu tbc other portion of tbe island. By this means upon him will fall tbc duty of preventing all one- sided legis lation, and of amending and harmonising tli.it which should bo one and undivided —tbe Diocese of Tasmania. Let us. in all iur doings, avoid tho spirit of disunion ; wo are free from many influences which attach to political arenas, where pri vate interests enter into the contro versies of men. The lcmembranse that it is ours to legislato upon matters which, iavolve the eternal interests oi oureelvef, oar families, and our fellow-men, and that it is terribly inconsistent to bring iuto our discussions 'envy ond strife,' the works of tbe flesh, will surely operate upon Christian hearts, and prevent, bb beretofoie, the display of any other spirit than that of men consulting in a wide and comprehensive spirit of Christian brotherhood, for tbe whole family of tbc Church. Suffer one another words of counsel, 'Whatever our band findeth to do let us do it with ill our might.' Let our wards be lew, end our thoughts matured, I hare more than once ventured to recommend that no new subject of real importance be introduced which has not been previously submitted to members of Synod, after being examined by eome competent Council. In tbe absence of any ittuding eammiUec, as io Vktom and eUe wbere, the Bishop's council of advice h»«, this year, to Bome extent discharged this duty of ' receiving end considering' sub jects intended tor our deliberation. Tbe tendency, at all times, of an imperfect knowledge of nay subject under discussion, is an unprofitable waste of time, and I im sure tbst such a system as that which has been now, particularly, lor the first time adopted, will greatly economise our strength and time, and lead to a larger and more regular attendance. Tbe clergy and laity can rpare three, days for earnest, energetic work, but they cannot spare heart or leisure for labour diflused over a whole week, with a possible Sunday intervening. I am able with pleasure to report some considerable increase iu tho work of Church building, and Church extension since we last met in Synod. Iu the Southern Archdeaconry the settlements along D'Entrccasteaux's Channel are at Sengtii placed under tue care o£ a resident clergyman, whose locomotion from place to place is accomplishtd iu a boat, built by subscription, and manned by tbe voluntary zeal of soup young men. To wards the cost tho children of tbe Sunday Schools made a liberal contribution. In the Northern Archdeaconry, Mr. Mitchell's ordination not only enables him to minister to the inhabitants of IUawrra and BishopBbourne, but to po£ a Missionary visit to parts of the Archdeaconry which the church has as yet failed to penetrate. Tue inhabitants residing on the Rivera Leven. and Dan, hitherto united, with tlibsa on tho Mersey, have petitioned both myself and the Finance Committee to bo formed into a separate parish under Mr. Brume, who has boen long known to th,em, 38 an energetic CatechiBt ; and they have undertaken to raise tbc amount of stipend required by the Resolution of (Synod. _ The same settlers are also en gaged in tko erection of a small Church, It has been objected to the system of Ohurch extension that it is our duty to conserve theiunda at our disposal for the . benefit of existing cures. Mo doubt care should be token to protect present claims, but I- hope that the general sentiment of Synod will be in favour of the principle ' extending the ministrations of tbo Cburch in proportion to tbe extension uf tbe funds which vacancies in the sche duled cures place under our control. To' adopt any other principle would be equi. valent to saying what no other denomiun! tiou that pretends to Christian zeal would say, thai tbe larger our resources the less should be oar exertions. It seems to me that our duty is to see that as our ro sources become larger, bo the larger shall be the field of our operations. Toe aii pointineut of Mr. Brome as an ordaibij. clergyruna, at the earnest request of t|ia people among whom ho bos been so wdl known as a lay reader, cnablea tbc Church of England to unite by a new work «! ministrations, the entire .North CWt from Port Sorell to Circular Head. This desirable end being effected, as I trust it will be, I am not disposed to adviBe, fl)r some time to come, any further divisioa of cures. Perhaps it may even be poN. sible to consolidate same already existing, The most important want, which should now bo kept in view, is that of a mis sionary or itinerant clergyman in each archdeaconry, whose work and journeys should be marked out by the bishop and archdeacon, or a local committee under the presidency of each archdeacon. Mean, while, it is our snission, for more reasons than 01m, to employ, in destitute place*, the services of volunteer laymen. They may be made most valuable pioneern. Experience has already shown to mn, that a district, left to itself, soon begins to lose every desire for ordinances of religion. On the other hand the settler* of some of the other districts who have been kept together by the voluntary zeal of a competent and educated layman, so far from confounding all ideas of distinc tion between the layman aud ordaiiici clergyman, are gradually taught to desiw the blessings of a more complete Churcli system. The occasional visit; of the clergymen tends to draw stronger lines vi demarcation between the two officers, ax tbey arn taught to observe that to him alone pertains those functions, which, by U10 word of God, by the practice of primi tive Christianity, and, according to tbe common instincts of mankind, cannot without profane presumption, be claimed by tbe ordiuary layman. The recourse tn such lay-agency, 1 am persuaded, has led on to the employment of a resident clergy, ?nan at Long Bay iu the South, and at Torquay :md the Leven in the North, To lay-ngeney, properly aud carefully id. ministered, we owe it that South Arm, deprived as it was of the valuable service* of Air Gellibrand, continues still weekly to witness the assembling together of thu entire little population, who love to wor ship God through the liturgy of their fathers. By the zeal of the same layman, Mr T. Westbrook, in connection with Mr Patterson, the little Church at Kaugarou Point has been cleaned ana improved; and what is more, it is filled by a devout coin gregatiou, which is visited periodicilly by tho Incumbent, and occasionally by my self. In this pia.ee a, Sunday school, under their Superintendent, gathers together thu lambs of Christ's flock, I cannot ton highly commend the self- denying labours of Mr ^yestbrook, who, when fie might well claim the privilege of etijoyiug his Sunday rest with his family after the very arduous labours of the week, chooses rather to spend the whole day in crossing I and recrossing often a dangerous sea, for I the discharge of his CbriBtiun labours at I South Arm. As of old, so now, I wisti I that I may have to record, if God shall bo I bless his example, 'His zeal hath provoked I very many.' I I have to state that new Churches are it) I course of erection at tho Leveu. at Chud- I leigh near Deloraine, at Constitution I Hill, at Jerusalem, and at O'Bricn'« I Bridge. I We have bad tbc satisfaction of lately I witnessing tbe laying of the loundation I ?tone ol tbe new cathedral, which will tie, I ia tact, a simple parish Church, ea much I needed in the capital of the colony. It has I been determined to erect nothing more thin I a nave, and I bave obtained tbe content ol' I the 'Christian Knowledge Society' to de- I vote their promised grant, contrary to their I mual practice, upon a portion only of the I undertaking, By thin determination, we 1 ebsll be able to confine ourselves to a task I wbich ought to be easily within our reach. 1 I am glad to reciprocity tbe sentiment 01.' I oar Metropolitan, the Uiidop of Sydney, I in regard to the functions of a cathedral iu I these modern timer. 'The services should I be of that character aud frequency which ia I commou in cathedrals at home, but 1 do I not tbiuk it desirable to introduce services I of an ornate kind into onr parish churches.' I Aud mj owu opinion entirely accords with I uis, that when lor simple ehants and hyma I ol praiee tberc are substituted elaborate I performances in wbich the choir can onlv I join we da a great wiong to tbe eongrega- I tion, whom we deprive ol tbe opportunity I ot unitiDg in this moit itnpoumat element I ot all congregation warship. I observe tbst I Ihe conduct of the new cathedral at Sydney I will be committed to « Chapter, superin tended by tbe Dean, part of wbich ia to b.t nominated by the Hisbop aud part hy tbi SyaoJ. I am disposed to recommend thu adoption of a similar constitution when tta proper time shall arrive, as tending to as sociate with it the idea that it is tbe prop- I city of the whole tiioccst ond not ol the cap ital. I hope that the liberality oi church men Will Pnflhlp Me tn (Vimntnta —I.-, i.-.. now actually been begun. For what w« know, tbe future may reveal to us that tbf.i is tbe most favourable time to do a good work which hid better bave been done some year* ago. After all, it is but id ei ceptional work, and instead of magnifying difficulties let as not act the part ol a sin*. 1'illlat, but of Nehemiah ; anil with one valiant eflort bring it to a completion, and leave ourselves at liberty to commence new work. 1 must here record my conviction that ?''L*™ very remiss in not establishing a siimeient machinery for the increase of Churchfunds for the general Church work. We have no appliances sufficient to reach more th.au a mere f motion of the professed members of the Cburch. The consequoneu is that they often make their contribution* to other communions, simply becauso other communions apply to them. Our Jucecutive, it appears to me, might, with adyautage, be taado moro broad and po pular. I'urochial, or similar associations need to bo fanned, and tho uames of sub scribers should bo enrolled and published. Well-to-do parishes should cherish a de ?m° **} ?? independent of the General Church Fund. Li Victoria the Church recognises different grudos of pwiBUes, catalogued according to their ability tu maintain, their own. clergymen, and tu sustain their Parish Church without be coming pensioners upon the GreneralFundt jC|m that fund the parishes which are * =r fnvorably circumstanced receive no £„ a Tcoud class, le3S favorably cir taTmsWed, receive a certain amount of Sin and » thud class, consisting of poor KVhitants.ur those very widely scattered, Xo the largest alu». If we are nut iwnerad to ado|)t a scheme which is ad irably adapted to fulfil the Apostles' Vcept to ' bear one another1!) burlhen,' r confess a wish to see springing up Lngbt our to*fi parishes, ni.d well 1 1 Uted rurnl ones, an honorable desire !I fore'o ll|o liberty to claim their share. There is one great practical evil to which fdesire to draw the attention of Syuod, L deliberation upon which will be in nted by the Secretary. II is one fraught ffltb grave results. We have no sufficient Seaiisfur relieving parishes superintended tWocambents, whose age and infirmity under them incapable of meeting the Mjciaties of colonial cures. For the jtjrpal interests of the parishioners, no C than for their own comfort, and for jfe sake of that good name which they It; bare earned in other times, some Uislation, and relief as the result of such teiBlstion, is imperatively demanded. i?l desire also to draw attention to the jmlect of the education of t/te young. I Ijsh tbat [ could persuade all my reverend r tbren to imitate the example of 8'jme tbera, in devoting a portion of their efiergiea to the religious instruction of jtr children in the public schools. These nnblic schools may be the only possible Schools assisted by the Government; bat they ire ne essarily imperfect in the most flisential principle of real education; their Imperfection, however, may be largely Applied by the clergyman. It falls to (tie daily teacher to impart secular in struction, and to inculcate lessons of moral Redact; but religious instruction, tbe knowledge of the way of salvation, and of tbose truths which must underlie 2l moral education, must come from the ministers of God's sanctuary. A faith ful clergyman will not neglect the school Jfiy more than he will the Church. The gtinflay School, the primitive practice of public catechising in Church, at least once jmontli, and an habitual attendance at tie daily school, allowed to every minister of religion by the wise regulations of the Board of Education, will form part of the bounden duty of every true and conscien tious servant of Christ. Older children, 5ho nre, or who fancy that they are, too old for Sunday School* attendance, should jji formed if possible into a separate class, held, if possible, in a different room, and known as the Bible or Confirmation Class, oV, as it is called in one parish, ' The Bishop's Class.' The rite of Confirmation fo'nght to be administered with greater frequency than has been the wont, and I rike the opportunity of expressing my ieaiiiness to pay annual visits to any parish n the Diocese, however small, where the clergyman has a few —say ten —candidates to present, Annual administrations at St. David's have witnessed larger numbers of catechumens than were present at the previous triennial confirmations ; and the advantage to the general community, arising from a careful and systematic course of religious instruction among the young, as they are about to enter upon tbe duties and temptations of life, cannot be properly estimated. It will be remembered that Synod, at tbe last meeting, requested me to taks measures fur the reduction of the fees fur rtjarriage by license. I have ascertained that the ouly scale which, in the opinion of the clergy would meet the evil cum ptaed of, is one to which the (iegistrar of tbe Diocese refuses to give his consent. A registrar at home, by virtue of bis let ters patent, has tbe power of resisting any attempt to interfere with his emoluments, and it is a question which I feel unable to answer, how far the like protection ex tends to the colouies. If the funds at tbe disposal of the Synod permitted it, the difficulty would be got rid of by offering compensation. Assuming this to be beyond our power, the Synod will have to say whether we shall allow Church people to be induced by the low cbarge of other denominations to repair to other mi nutersfor marriage, or whether it will hold either myself or the officiating clergymen harmless, if the Registrar should appeal to a court of law. I think that our ulti mate aim should be to solemnize the offices of the Church without fees, except such as voluntary benevolence may prompt. Aly own impression is that the registrar bus no other than a moral claim upon Synod for compensation. I found that opinion upon the fact, that the Ecclesiastical Laws of England are not Dscessarily binding upon the colony ; and that, in the eye of the law, the English Church is a voluntary association, bound by the law which itself has made, and which derive their torce only by its own consent If so, this Synod is competent W declare tbat the Bishop, from whose letters patent granted to the Registrar, that official claims his full; and certainly exorbitant, fee, and one altogether dis proportionate to the means of the colony, has power to recall the letters patent, or M modify their terms, or to nisko any other arrangement for the registration of niamages which the circumstances of the colony may require. I must be under stood to be speaking of the legal claim, irrespective of those moral claims, to which long service and very liberal con cession to the wishes of the clergy may entitle the gentleman who now holds the office. ; The movement at home, to which I alkded last year, at length has led to the appointment of a Royal Commission. Public opinion, legitimately expressed, is, a theso days, a much more effective weapon of repression than an action at law, which savours too much of persecu tion to Buit the temper of the age. My object, on that occasion, was to analyse rationale of that movement, and to point oW that, in a time of excitement, there was a danger of confounding an exaggo~ rated ceremonial which, wo had too much fear, might be the outward expres sion of unscriptural doctrines, with that sober and decent form of worship, which happily had began to take the place of a cold and spiritless routine with which we were once too familiar in England. Au intelligent Churchman will surely appre ciate the difference between a relapse into tut ueartlessness which had contributed Wi 'bare to tbe prevalence of dissent, aaa tb&t; love of excessive ritual, which, jyira very excess, ceases to be a reverent ritual, and, becomes a pompous ceremo Mai. The appointment of a LtoyalCora TOMion, in the place of any rash exorcise of authority will, I charitably hope, iu Qgce the leaders of ibis movement to anide by the conclusions it which the Jwtnmission will Brrive. That report pro Bttlj will point oat What practices are in expedient, as well as iUegal,1hto which the zeal of some, of both clergy and laity, have been led. By conviction, no less than by education and habit, my own predilec tions arc in fitVour of a quiet, simple, yet becoming ritual, the channel of and not the substitute for a true and spiritual worship. The first day of the week should be a day of rest and religious im pmveuaeut— 'the torch that shows the way.' To secure these inestimable bless ings to the mass of the population is not, in my opinion, to invite them to other meetings and other places which the Church does not know and cannot con secrate, in order to listen to lectures, however improving in themselves, but to render her own services more inviting and heart stirring— and more than all, to open her places of worship with equal laud to the poor as well as to the rich. I cannot forbear here to commend the valuable lecture upon free Bittings de livered by Dr. Ozanne'at the annual meeting of the Church Union, held in this town, when I had the advantage of presiding. One of the advantages of the Lambeth Conference may be to secure to us a less restrictive system, and one more suited to our Colonial wants. Like the iris of the eye, the rules of the Church must have some elasticity, contracting or expanding according to the prevailing taste and oircliuistancea of the age. And unquestionably (his desire for a warmer and, I might say, more stimulating cha racter ot religious service had largely manifested itself, even among those who had deserted the communion of tbe Church of England. Our Church, must not forget that her strength consists in her comprehensiveness, and that not so much in the spirit of compromise, as of a large and liberal sympathy with and reverence for tbe due exercise of private judgment — comprehensiveness both in dogma and ritual, No good will be separate from evil ; and so, if an expan sive system of Church government be adopted, it will of necessity follow tbat there will ever be men who, if they use their liberty of private judgment at all, will be verging perhaps dangerously close to Genoa, or dangerously close to Home. This diversity iu unity, within certain limits, is not her shame but her boast. Yet limits there must be, and tbe ques tion arises who shall lay them dawn ! The voice of the Church itself, and not of the individual Bishops much less of individual parishioners must define these limits; and those to whom authority is given must enforce the observance of tbem. This principle of Church discipline was laid down from the very beginning— 'Obey those who have the rule over you,' How important, then, that we should pray that a sound and faithful mind should be vouchsafed to those on whom so grave a responsibility rests, that they may preserve for us and those who come after us. our ancient landmarks. For if rules and dogmas, which arc essential to the very existence of a Church, be con tracted overmuch, as some would wish, the Church would degenerate into one of many sects, each of which may represent a truth— but a one sided and exclusive view of truth. Ou the other hand if these rules and dogmas are so relaxed as to admit of any interpretation that indi vidual liberty chooses to put upon them, and if the limits of the Cliurch are made so wide as to admit meu of all creeds — from the most debasiug superstition even to the denial of the Lord that bought them— the very essence and meaning of a Church would be made to co-operate ; perhaps the time inny be approaching when it will be admitted that if the English Church would vindicate this bur claim to comprehensiveness, she must aim at unity of worship and communion more than even unity of confession of doctrine, content with essentials already defined by the early councils and the primitive Church. Since we last met in Synod, yor are aware that an important Conference has met at Limbeth, upon the invitation of the Archbishop of Canterbury. The idea originated in the minds of Colonial Bishops in London, who were dismayed by the conflicting decisions pronouueed by ecclesiastical lawyers upon the very cre dentials of the Colonial churches, and their general relation to the Church ut home Immediately the American Bishops pleaded for admission to the general con ference, on behalf of their own Church. Then the Provincial Synod of Canada urged their own still stronger right, and was backed up by the Lower Rouse of Convocation, in a request made to the Archbishop, that his Grace should as semble a council or conference of the Bishops of the whole Anglican Com munion. The Archbishop responded boldly to the call, with the Christian hope that, though no such council was compe tent to declare definitions ou points of doctrine, yet tbat the unity of the Anglican Church would be practically promoted by the closer bonds of ' peace and brttherly love,' and 'the united worship and common counsels ' of an assembly which, for numbers and in fluence, has no precedent since the He formation. Of the 75 Bishops who at tended the Conference, 16 belonged to the Home Diocese, 19 to those of the United States, and 23 to those of the Colonies. Some persons who do not bear sufficiently iu mind the tentative and informal characted of 'the Confer ence, may regard the results as dispro portionate to its magnitude and imposing character. In any such disappointment I do not share, I think, the moral effects must be considerable ; and it is impos sible to calculate the future practical cousequces that may flow from what I regard as merely a preliminary conven tion. The very prcsenco of so many representatives of the Anglo-Saxon Church is an evidence before the eyes of the world of a determina tion to abide by the 'faith,' deduced from Holy Scripture, witnessed by the early Church, and set forth in our Liturgy aud formularies. That assembly is an evidence, I trust, that the via media will be maintained by her worldwide com munion; she will hold the faith once delivered to hor keopiug, neither added to by any assumed prerogative of Church authority nor subtracted from by any presumptuous exercise of private judg ment , she will impose no articles of faith exoept what can be proved by the ' sure warrant of Holy Writ,' but Holy Writ construed once for ever by the creeds aud councils of tbe primitive Church, not subject to the fluctuations of private in terpretation —tbat prolific source of cud less subdivisions ; she will add no new article of faith, but holdiug fast those which have beeu defined in her primitive liturgy, and scriptural formularies, aiming not to .limit bejond what baa been already limited by them j but to comprehend all tbo varieties and shades of individual belief which do not defy their manifest scope and meaning. It may be well for this Synod to nominate a committee, in order to be prepared for the discuasion of any subject which may bo referred to it by tbo Lambeth Conference. I am advised that the judgment of the Colonial Bishops will lie asked upon a report on the best rnodo for removing the injury and scandal alleged to have ariseji Iroin tho present condition of the Church in Natal. I need not tell you how grave and delicate such a question is, which practi cally amounts to this, whether the Bishop of Natal has exceeded the limits of pri vate judgment, when we remember that, though the very Canon of Holy Scripture rests upou the authority of the Primitive Church, yot that authority has never attempted to define the exact nature aud meaning of inspiration. The rejection of all authority from without, and forgetful ness of that Apostolic caution, that 'no Scripture is of private interpreta tion,' is an evil symptom of the times in which we live. I confess that my own fears for the future point more to those incipient heresies wbich are leading the age to the denial of our bleesed Lord's Divinity, rather than to the return of superstition. Superstition is the offspring of darkness, Socinianisra of the bold and sceptical speculation of unsatisfied intellect. I recognise at least in this cbrtferenca the utterance of a strong desire, felt by a vast communion to be placed under a more perfect organisation— a desire of liberty in unity. The torch of history will help to Invest the See of Canterbury with the status of a Patriarch, but. not of a Vicar. By that light such a conference may leant haw to meet the want of the age, to control thej liberty of living thought by a submission to constituted law, to recognise an authority from with out, which, divine in iu orgin, must not cramp the life or restrict the human mind in open questions, or the effect may be that tbe dogmas of theology shall come into conflict with the truths of science. I will briefly refer to two important particulars made prominent by the reso lutions of that important Conference. The one is practical, the other theoretical First it is held tbat while the close union with the Mother Church demands the maintenance, witltout alteration, of the standard of faith and doctrine which We have already received ; nevertheless, each Province, I do not say each Diocese, but each Province, should have the right to inakfe adaptations of, and additions to the services of the Church, as its peculiar circumstance may require. Such changes, however, are' very properly made liable to revision ' by any Synod of the Anglican Communion in which the said Province shall be represented.' The other particu lar refers to the growing desire for the more desirable union of Christendom. Great and wtll-nigh hopeless as the difli cultiea now appear for any true substan tial rc-uliiou, they are not greater than those difficulties which the infidelity and the wickedness of men oppose to the very progress of Christianity, and yet we are taught to pray, ' Thy kingdom come.' Similarly we cannot altogether blamo the enthusiasm of those who yearn for the fulfilment of our Lord's Other prayer— ' That all may be one ; that the world may believe that thou hast sent mo.' Yet the prospect may appear very small. Be fore this consummation, after which every true heart must yearn in the abstract, there are two preliminary obsta cle.H which must be first removed, if the Reformatory Church of England shall take her stand upon her impregnable and never-to-be surrendered position, namely, of Holy Wril, interpreted by the Primitive Church— tbat Primitive Church by whose authority the very caoonicity of Holy Writ was determined, and by whose fidelity, a precious heritage has been handed down to us Those two prelimi nary stumbling block hindrances which no sophistry or explanation can remove, are— 'The universal sovereignty assertec for the See of Rome,' and ' the practical exaltation of the Blessed Virgin Mary aa Mediator, in the place of her Divine Son, and the addressing of prayers to her as Intercessor between Qod and man.' God forbid that the covoted blessing of an intimate and visible union should be pur chased by the Reformed and Primitive Church of England at the price of those or any other superstitions, because the additions which the Reformation swept away were unknown to the early Church, by whose standard the principles of that Reformation were guided, ft is the glorious mission of our only English Church to guard the entire foundation of Christ's truth, surrendering no stone here and no stono there to modern heresy or unbelief ou the one hand, aud on the other to protect it from the re-intrusion of those superstitions by which, one after another, the truth of Qod has been in comparatively recent days distorted or overlaid. Upon one subject it is desirable that the judgment of Synod should be declared at once. I refer to the bill which tbe Secre tary of State will bring before the English Parliament after Easter, npon the principles of which it is important that the opinion's of tbe colonial churches should be com municated to His Grace tbe Secretary ol State, and to th« Archbishop of Canter bury. The fundamental principle is now well understood, tbat no coercive power can exist in any country except with the Content of the legislature of that conntry it follows from this principle that no new see can be created at home, invested as the English see are with coercive jurisdiction, withont an act of Parliament ; that the Crown, in conceding a constitution to any colony, having abandoned iti supremacy over all causes ecclesiastical in tbat coun try, and tbat no ecclesiastical tribunal, with eoereive jurisdiction, can exist In any colony upon tbe anthority or the Queen's letters patent alone without the con sent of tbe Colonial Parliament. It follows from the application of this principle, that the coercive authority, claimed by the Metropolitan or the African Churches over the Bishop of Natal, cannot be sustained in law. The legality, indeed, ot our own eoereive jurisdiction in Tas mania, ia secured to our branch of the Aa glicaa Church by the Constitution Act. But although we are protected against all befallen to this particular evil wbich has vexilien tho African Church, there are other evils arising from tbe new relation iti which we stand to the Mother Church, some of which might beset aa id any vacancy of the see. aud some beset as now, which it is tbe object of the Duke of Buck ingham's bill to correct. Tbat bill proposes flret to gi« a ' legal status' at home, with all tbe right to dieobtrge clerical duties, aud to hold preferment to such clergy as bavc been duly ordained in any of the co'.onies; secondly, that bill proposes tbat since tbe right of self-government ia exer cised by the colonial church, 60 the privilege of electing its own bishops' should be conoeded to the provinoe to which it be long*, and biB consecration should occur at tho hands of three Bishops of each Pro vince, according to the Canons of the Universal Church. For it seems neces sarily to follow that if the Crown can of itscl claim no coercive authority, nor ter ritorial jurisdiction over such colonies, so neither should it, or can it legally, claim tbo appointment ot tho Bishops. If the Royal (supremacy, in milters eccle siastical, has ceased, the privileges iu Ijerent in such supremacy ceases with it. My own consecration was, 1 believe, the very last instance of consecration issuing From a mandate of the Crown ; and this brings me to the practical question which is now submitted to us; what scheme shall be adapted for the election and consecration of future Bishops in this Diocese 1 The Bill proposed by the Duke of Buckingham seeks to transfer the right of nomination from the Crown into the hands of Synod, adopting the principles which have guided the Church from the earliest ages. From the Canons of Primi tive Councils we learn that the Bishop was elected by the Clergy of each Diocese, and tbe election was approved by the laity before ho was presented for con secration to the Metropolitan aud his other Bishops of the Proviuco. Mjmy amongst us may perhaps prefer the plan, which has. hitherto prevailed, for two reasons. They may desire that the Chief Pastor should be delected fioin a larger number of Presbyters than can be fouiid in a limited Diocese, they may desire the continuance of that connection which has hitherto bound the Colonist Church with the Mother Church at homo. It must, however, be borne in mind that the Bill in ijiiealion does not limit the choice to any one Diocese, whether at home or abroad, nor does it hinder the right of petitioning from the Queen, for a license to the Archbishop of Canterbury, to con secrate the Bishop nominated by the Diocese, especially if such nominee should be selected from Presbyters kt borne. If the experience of the American Dioceses be taken as a guide, the nomination of the Bishop must depend upon the consent of two-thirds of the Olergy, and two thirds of the Clergy, and two-thirds of the congregations; or, as it should be amongst us, two-thirds of the Lay Synodsmen, are required to signify their approbation. Without, however, committing ourselves to any details whatever, the necessity of holdiug another Synod may be obviated by our affirming, if it is thought expedient, the two simple and general principles of the Bill which have been affirmed by the Diocese of Adelaide -1. That it is desirable that the Synod of the Diocese should nominate its future liishops. 2. That they should receive consecration at the funds of the Metropolitan and of his coinpro vincial Bishops, or of the Archbishop of Canterbury, under licence from the Crown, if a petition shall be presented to the Secretary of State for that purpose. I regret tbat my address has extended it Belt' beyond the limits which Z 1 ail promise to myself. I have only to add tbat I uu-t that the deliberations ot this ncwly-eleced SyhOil may vie with the last la tile spirit of tolerance brotherly respejt lor difference ot opinion, freedom fro u party iiarroivues;, and a steady iletermlmtion to be gni leJ by the one tnotivs of promoting (be honour ol Christ's Church, and the extension of Ills King loin ; and it our lay- tirethren of the Church are willing to devote their time aud talents, and sacrifice their ttUi, in order to relieve us of the burden ot secular duties, we, my reverend brethren, are bound so much the more to devote ourselves to tbe Word of Gal, and the ipintaal interests ot tbe people committed to our keeping. God give as grace to be more iu earnest ; instant in season, out of season ; careful to give no offence thai tbe ministry be not blamed; mixing ib the oec jpitiouS and relaxations ol lite, no further than our example and pre terice shall Berve to sanctity them ; finally let us set our face steadfastly against popu lar error; ?'coudtadtly Apeak tbe truth, boldly rebuke vice, and etifler patiently lor the truth's tike,' whatever oisy be the con sequence of the fai;hful testimony wk bear lot our dear Lord. Aa it is no common (rust committed to our keeping so no cam raon penalty awaits our unfaithfulness. We know not how soon the Sod of Man may come, but vVe do know that tbe time is very short which Tails to each of us for ' tbe hasteniae of Ills Kingdom, and accomplishing tbe number of His elect.' May we have grace to be found faithful, arid to give1 up our accodut without shame at His coming Le. us avoid the entanglement of earthly cares, and give ourselves wholly to the glorious work of bringing men to Christ -to whicb, at our ordination, we declared ourselves to be called by the Holy Ghost. My revereud brethren, let us show in our daily work and conversation, by our ministrations among the living and the dying, that we indeed believe still what we then so solemnly affirmed before God and man. Avoid all scenes of worldly amusement, unless your presence dis tinctly shall control or sanctify them, as otherwise you endorse, by your high authority and the authority of your Mas ter, and are partakers of the evil. I know that our religion IS one rather of principle, and not the Judaism one of rules ; and what cannot be indulged ia by one with cut spiritual harm may be so by another. Still, there are scenes where the. ' pride of life,' not to say the ' lust of the eyes,' predominates ; where night is turned into day — scenes of recreation in wbich no lay Christian can well take without some spiritual loss ; and the spiritual guide must hesitate to be anywhere where he cannot but encourage what he cannot correct. The Address concluded, some conver sation touk plaM as to whether leave should be g-iven to make certain motions without previous notice. The Synod would not a-*res unless the motions wore distinctly specified. HE PORTS OF FINANCE COMMITTEES. The Seorotary then laid upon tho table the lollowing reports Irotn the two finance committees. Tiiey were ordered to lie printed. Report of the Finance Committee to the Archicacmrji of Liunceshm far 1807. Tun Committee lias to report to Synod that it h:M met all its enfigeiuoiita for the post year, notwithstanding » deficiency of upvivwdsot £4:) I'rOiU tlie-wtiiiuteil amount to be received from tho State Aid Grant, and with the additional charges upon its Funds of the Incumbency of Rosa, to which Parish the liev. Mr Urowniigg was appointed from 1st May lost, and of a Missionary Curato for Buhopsbourne, Illawarra, ic. Whilst the Committee has fulfilled its engagements by paying in full of the amount due from the General Church Fund, it has to regret tbe failure ou the part of u tew Parishes to pay their portion of tho Clurgymiin's Stipend. Delomine, Cressy, Torquay, Emu Bay, Table Cape, and the private subscriptions towards ho Missionary Curate, arc all in arrear — the most noticeable being Torquay; whicb, of -£J50 (the hUf stipend), hasonly contribut ed £52 ISs Id : and of the anticipated subscriptions of £3t) for tbe Missionary Curuate, only £8 9s Id has been received Tho Coimuiittiti desired to express its thanks to the liberality of the Parishioners of Ross in contributing three-fourths' of their Clergyman's stipend, aud fora di 'no- tion from the Trustees Campbell Town in excoss of the amount due from the Parish. Iu preparing the appendingEstimates of Receipts aud Expenditure for 1868, the Stipends of Incumbents have been calcu lated at the same rate as last year— viz , £300 per annum, including allowances for house and forage. A slight addition has been made in some cases to supply a de ficcucy of 10 per cent, subtracted from the Grants of the Ripon Fuud. The Commit tee requests the same discretionary power as last year— to admit any |further claims which may be presented. The Committee also again requests that Synod will repeal— so far as thin Archdea conry is concerned— Tho Finance Resolu tions of August, 18GS, which have been suspended from the last three Sessions. By order of the Hiianee Committee, IicNar I'low Kane, Assistant Synod Secretary. An adjournment was made at 1.45 until 4 pm. AFTERNOON SITTING The Synod assembled at 4 o'clock, J. Sharlund, Esq., and the AuornejGene ral were present. Alter some routine business, the Rev. II P. Kane reported the Public Library wus prepared, and the Synod adjourned to it. Tbe Synod went into committee on tbe report of the Southern Finance Committee. Wednesday, Ii2th Feb. 1868 A petition from tha Chaplain and Wardens of Macquarie Plains and the Plenty was presented by Archdeacon Heiljey, Pursuant to notice tho Rev. II. P. Kane moved — ' That the Synod be moved to confide the admiuistrati iti aud control of the financial nfTdira of this Archdeaconry to a Committee, to consist of the Bishop, the A rchdeacon, Clergy and Liy Sy ttoddinen of this Archdeaconry, voting as iu Synod.'' Tliis was seconded by tha Ilov. J. Chuicbcrs. After much discussion the Rev. M. B. Brownrig-£ moved a3 an amendment, ' That the fia.incia! .affairs of the North cm Archdeaconry be entrusted to a coin inittee consisting of tbo Bishop, the Arch deacon, Clergy and the Lsy riyimdsinen of the whole Northern Archdeaconry, subject to all regulations of the .'Synod :' The umeniiiouut was curritxl alter f'jrtb«r discussion, although tbu Rev. II. P. Kane explained tbat he only required authority from the Synod tor the Northern Finance Committee to do luj-aily what they hud formerly been doing illegally. The Synod went into Committee to onsider the estimates. In consequence ot the receipt of important news by the English Mail, to in tike room for wbich, and the pro ceedings ot the Supreois Court, we hold over further report proceedings in Synod until next issue. 