COUNTRY NEWS. " One of the results of the mining in Webster-street," gays the Ballarat Star, "has been the killing of trees by what may be pre- sumed to be the tearing away of the roots from the ground, or the ground from the roots." The secretary of the Board of Education has issuedacirculartotheteachersinformingthem, with reference to the amount due for results, that " the payment will be made at the rate of 75 per cent, upon the sum earned for the six months ended 30th June, 1867, the amount to be based upon the average attend- ance for the two half years." The circular also adds that a statement of the amounts due will be forwarded to each of the corre- spondents of the schools in a few days. In the Hamilton Police Court, on Thurs day, an aboriginal, named Sandy Hamilton, was charged with drunkenness. Some con siderable time ago he had been accused of having killed another blackfellow ; and having been drinking in Hamilton lately, took it into his head that he saw "Jamie's ghost." He shrieked, and conducted him self altogether in such a way that it was deemed advisable to lock him up. He ap- peared in the dock with a very woe- begone and penitent air, and in reply to questions by the Bench as to where he had procured the liquor, only answered, "Drinking all about." He was discharged upon promising to leave town. The Bendigo Advertiser reports that a meeting of the subscribers to the M'Intyre testimonial was held on Monday night in the Shamrock Hotel, Mr. H. Burrowes in the chair. After a short discussion it was re- solved that the testimonial should take the form of a silver cup, with suitable inscrip- tions, and full of sovereigns. A committee was appointed to carry out the necessary arrangements for getting the cup and its pre- sentation. It was also resolved to advertise in the morning papers that any subscriber who desired to have his money returned could have it by making the necessary appli- cation. This was agreed to, as it had been stated that persons had subscribed under the impression that Mr. M'lntyre intended to retire from the council. "How he went to Gympie" is thus related in a paragraph in the Geelong Register :--" A miner, named Owen Murray, residing at Sebastopol, near Ballarat, left his home a few days since to go to the Gympie rush. He got as far as Melbourne, where he got 'on the spree,' and was robbed of £42 and his watch and chain. Having lost his money, he thought the best thing was to get back to Ballarat, and with this view he took his pas- sage in the Express, for Geelong, on Satur- day. On the trip down he got blind drunk, and was robbed of his swag. He, however, had no recollection of the affair, and only remembered finding himself inside one of Messrs. Cobb and Co.'s coaches standing in Clare-street, on Sunday morning. Two men were brought up at the police court charged with the robbery of the swag, and were re- manded for further evidence." A numerously attended public meeting was held at Camperdown on Monday, to consider the propriety of memorialising the Govern- ment to make a liberal concession to land selectors under the act of 1865. The views arrived at by the meeting are sufficiently shown by the memorial (addressed to the Legislative Assembly) they adopted, which was as follows:--"We the undersigned, selectors of land in the Camperdown district, while expressing our satisfaction with the declared determination of the Government to deal liberally with the selectors of land under the Amended Land Act of 1865, would humbly submit that, in consequence of the inferior nature of a large per- centago of the land selected, the cost of improvements, the small returns, and the amontof rent exacted, a good proportion of the selectors must in- evitably be ruined unless very liberal con- cessions are made. With a view of averting such a calamity, we would submit that the Land Act be so amended as to allow the rents paid to become the purchase-money. In the event of the bill being so amended, we would suggest that the term for issuing certificates be altered from three to five years, and then to be only granted to those who can prove, their bona fides to the satisfaction of a board of inquiry." The Ballarat Star remarks on the pub- lished reply of Mr. C. E. Jones to the charge made against him of receiving money to op- pose the M'Culloch Ministry, that " the reply amounts simply to a denial, and not so strong a one as that which Mr. Jones made at the meeting at Soldiers-hill during the election. Mr. Jones concludes by saying that ' the matter cannot and shall not rest as it is,' from which we may conclude that Mr. Jones intends to take the proper proceedings to have the truth of the affair tested in a court of justice. In this belief, we withhold any criticism on Mr. Jones's reply, because the case has now gone so far that he must convict his accusers of perjury, or retire himself from political life." Writing on the same subject, the Bendigo Independent says:--"Public credulity is limited, and therefore the defence published by Mr. Jones yesterday is a failure. A man who, without subjecting himself to the charge of lunacy, expects his bare word to be believed in opposition to the sworn testimony of four witnesses must possess a reputation differ- ent to that which is attached to the Com- missioner of Railways. Mr. Jones states at the conclusion of his letter, "The matter cannot, and shall not, rest as it is.' We ap- prehend there is little danger of such being the case. It is perhaps the greatest political scandal that has ever disgraced the colony. The charge against Mr. Jones is of a much more serious and disreputable nature than that which led to the resignation of Mr. Brodie as Commissioner of Customs, and the members of the present Government who were then in office must have strangely altered if they consent to Mr. Jones's retaining his position on the strength of the defence he published yesterday. The Daylesford Mercury says :--" Mr. C. E. Jones has written to the Age contradicting point-blank the allegations of Messrs. Alex- ander, Randell, and others. Mr. Jones says he will not let the matter rest where it is--in fact, he cannot, unless he would have the public believe the charges against him." 