Mb, M'Cullocji will, in the oonree of a few nights, aBk leave to introdaco a bill authorising the Government to borrow two millions of money. This sum it is- intended to expend in completing the graving- dock ; the works neces sary for . carrying out tho Coliban and Geelong schemes of water supply; and the construction of a railway to tho Ovens. To the first two projects there can be nopossiblo objection. Tho existence of a graving-dock, capable of accommo dating vessels of tho largest size, is essential to tho mercantile supremacy of Melbourne ; and unless considerable activity bo shown at Malmsbury and its neighbourhood, much of the expenditure already incurred on tho Coliban scbome will bo completely wastod, while tho districts of Bendigo and Mount Alexander will bo deprived of that supply of water which alone is needed to double or treble the yield of gold in those localities. But we doubt the "advisablonoss of exponding tho balanco — whatever that may bo— in tho construction of a railway to tho north eastern district. Tho great wants of this country are a constant and regular supply of water, and. good macadamised road9. These aro necessities without whioh tho great producing interests— mining, farm ing, and grazing— languish, and must con tinue to languish. Railways aro luxuries for which the country can afford to wait another twenty years. In addition to tho Coliban and Geelong schemes, the Water Supply Act contains a schedule providing for tho expenditure of something liko L2, 000, 000 sterling, scattered over the whole area of tho colony. Tho act_ provides that this sum shall be expended in the places recited, and that tho local bodies shall each pay to tho consolidated revenue an annual charge of 6 per cent, on tho total exponso of its own wator supply, For example, the Mary borough scheme as it is termed, which takes tho waters of M'Callum's Creek and the Bet Bet,_ and with them proposes to fertilise the important mining and agri cultural distrusts of Talbot, Maryborough, Carisbrook, Dunolly, Ingle wood, and their neighbourhoods, is estimatod to cost £400,000. At 6 per cent, the annual amount whioh these districts will have to guarantee is £24,000. In all probability an equal or even greater sum will ba paid by the inhabitants for the use of the water, bo that a largo profit will accrue ; but even should some small deficiency have to be supplied by the public bodies of the district, tho muni cipalities and shire councils, can any one doubt that tho advantages in increased production, both of gold and grain, will far more than make up for any poBsiblo loss P The gain to a semi-tropical country liko Australia of an abundant supply of water cannot bo exaggerated tombardy and Piedmont, some portions oflndia, and tbo Delta of tboNilo show conclusively enough tho results of a hot sun combined with an abundant moisturo. Tlio great drawback to the future greatness of Victoria is its liability to drought. Tbo only means_ of providing for this greatcalamity is storing up tho superabundant waters of wot seasons for our uso in seasons of scarcity Tho extension of the Government scheme of wntcr supply is a pressing necessity. On tho other hand, wlwt posiiblo ndran tages will accrue to tho colony, or oven to tijo north eastern district, from tho con struction of a lino of railway from Essen - don to Belroir? Let us tato those districts which already; enjoy tho benefits of rail way communication. The speed aud facility of intercommunication aro consi derably increased Ministers can ad dress Loyal Liberal Mines oyer night, and read their utterances -in the Melbourne papers on tbo following morning ; but do the great producing interests reap a corresponding gain P Is the farmer of Bowling Forest, the shareholder in tbo Band of Hope, or the stiopkeepcr at Ballarnt, mneli benefited by tlio existence of tbo costly lino of railway which connects tho metropolitan goldficld with the seaboard ? Is tho price of carluso materially diminished, or does tho miner obtain the necessaries of life more cheaply and more abundantly ? IVe unhesitatingly answer in tho ncgativo. Tho railway from Melbourne to Geelong cannot compote for cheapness with tho stenmers regularly plying between those ports, and tho rate of freight between Geelong and Ballnrat ic nnlr n few fihillinns ucr ton loss than was charged by tho ordinary carriers before the railway was in eXistcnco. And if tho inhabitants of Melbourne, Goelong. and Ballarat— and tho same is true of Sandhurst and Gastlemainc— havo ro ceived but trifling advantages from tho la' go railwny expenditure, what has been its effect upon the rest of tho community P Tho townships on tho lino of road; Batesford, Lethbridgo, Mere dith, and Buninyone— Keilor, Gisborno, Woodend.Kynoton Taradale.and Elphiu stone, havo been well nigh ruined. Nor is this all. Tho cost of tho Governmont rnilways has been in round numbers £9,000,000. Tbo interest at 6 per cent amounts to £5-10,000 per annum. Tho not profit of tho railways, after deducting their working expenses, is 3 per cent , or £270,000 per annum, so that tho colony of Victoria is taxed to tho extent of £270 000 per annum for a very doubtful good to certain favoured localities. Now, is'this a stato of thiugs which wo aro called upon to perpetuate and extend P If it bo determined by tho people or by their representatives that tho advantages of rnilways are not too costly — that quick- communication is better than an abundant suppljr of water, why, oven then every district has a right to bo put upon an equal footing. What will bo tho result of the proposed line of railway in the north - eastorn distriotP Froin Kilmore to Benalla it will pass through a pooraDd sparsely-populated distriot ; and admitting that tho traffic come up to what is anticipated, and that tho expenses of con'-truotion do not exceed the estimate, is thero any reason to imagine that the » ow railway will bo more profitable than those already oonstruotcd P . Tho popula- Lion UL Liiu wuuh uiainuu is uvw ou as that of Ballarat; tho produce is cer tainly not greater. Tho new lino will bo nearly 200 miles long ; that already ia existence is not quite sixty. If tho Bal larat railway pay 3J- per cent , what pro bability is thero that tbo north-eastern lino will pay any better P It may bo con structed at a less rate per mile, but in tbo aggregate it must cost considerably more from its muoh greater length. The probability, almost tho certainty, is that the proposed' railway will in crease the annual railway deficit from £270.000 to £350,000. Is this fair or just to tbo taxpayers, more especially to those residing in districts which aro not in the slightest degree benefited by the present or proposed lines? If railway extension bo determined upon, lot tho 'north -east, the west, the north- woBt, and Gipps Land be treated in a similar way. Lot us tap the Tumut with one lino, and South Australia with another ; but do not increase the injustice under whioh the people of Hamilton and Ararat, Warr- nambool and Portland, Salo and Mor- nington, Evelyn and Camper down, havo so long suffered, by conferring a very Wangaratta. If Mr. M'Culloch bo well advised, bo will evon now defer his rail way solieme for tho present, and complete tbo various schemes of water supply which were provided, for two years ago, and for which the districts immediately concerned have been long languishing. We understand tbat Mr. Jenner has received largo assurances o( support in tho South western Province, and it is not considered likely that ho will be opposed. Mr. W. A. C. A'Beckett Is In tho field for the Southern Province; and as it Is anticipated that Mr. T. B. Payno will not stand, tho contest will ba between Mr. W. Clark, Mr. A'Beckett, nnd Mr. N. Levi. The latter geutleuan will address the olectora at the Town-hall, Hawthorn, on Tuesday, the 1st prox. Mr. JohnOrr and Mr. Lobb, Mayor of Bruns wick, aro in the field as tho Liberal candidates for the representation of East Bourko. The former gentleman, it will bo remembered, sat on the Opposition benches when he occupied a seat In tbo Assembly, A public meeting el the elec tors is to ba held at Campbcllflold this evening, when both candidates will be heard. Mr. God frey, it is expected, will be aeked to como for ward ; and should he consent, it Is thought that ho would stand a vory good chonco. We understand that the reduction which Is to be made in tbo volunteer service will ba cfieeted in the amount of the efiectlvo allowance now mado to companiev, end not especially as regards tho number add salaries of tho staff. The City Council will meet this afternoon ot the usual hour. Tho Public Works Committee will biing up a report with reference to the widening of tho footpaths of the city, and the members will ba Informed thnt tho committee do not thiok it expedient such an alteration should bo carried out until tho dralnago of the city Is proceeded with. The council will also be asked to consider the propriety of oppolntlng a deputa tion to wait upon the Chief Secretary nnd ascertain if it is tho intention of tho Govern ment to deal with tbo seworige question, or confer each powers on tho Corporation as would enable them to carry out the work. A scandal of a painful nature, in which the name of n well-known Congregotlonlst minister has been prominently mentioned, has recently come under our notice. The minister in ques tion, who is a married man and resided In tho nelghhaurhood tf Eist Melbourne, had been officiating in Richmond for some time post. A young woman, who had been in tho rev. gentle man's servico about tbreo years, was recently married, the ceremony being performed by the m'nister himself, She had not been long In her new homo at Lllydale bofuro it was discovered that sho was enceinte, and sho at once ad mitted to her husband that her rev. master, In wheso employ sho had been, was her seducer. The yonng Wife was thereupon sent back to her parents In Richmond, and her father, naturally enraged at tho conduct shS had received from tho minister, went to his house, and made such threats that the rev. gentlemen was compelled to send to the police barracks in order to sennro protectiou. He, however, decllnod to glvo any description of his would-bs assailant, or to tnko out a worrant against him. Wo may state that the minister has since disposed of his effects and left the colony. His Honour Mr. Justlco Molesworth on Friday set aside n deed, by which Mr. W. B. James, formerly of Bnechus Marsh, had con veyed about L1500 worth of property to Mr. Murlcy, Mayor of 8nndrIdgo, for, as was said, 1,100. Tho object of James hod been to ovedo a claim mado by Mrssra. Wltewould and Glbbs, lor law coats, and his Honour, in cancelling the deed, said ha wes opinion that no consideration had passed from Morloy to Jatnca. The foundation-stone of tho Presbyterian Church, Lennox street, Richmond, was told by the Hon. Jnmcs M'Culloeli on S iturdny ofter- noon, In tlio presenco of about 200 peoplo. It Ii expected tliet one portion of 1 lie building— contracted for by Mr. I.ockiiigton for L1700 — will bo finhhed In January next; but it Is probnblo that additions will afterwards bo made, the entire co9t to be L3500. A deputation of Bnllnrot rntopayers waited upon Mr. Havcy, the mayor ol the western borcug'i, on Saturday, nnd pre- rented to him a requisition, calling upon him to resign in conso- qucncc of the ecllon which he had taken In letting tho A'frod-l.nll for public entertainments. The msyor, in reply, declined to accede to the request ; and s.eid thnt the hall had been let with tho view of .making tho hull reproductive. He offered to futindt tho question to tbo largo body of ratepayers, and take a ballot upon U. It appears that the IcmcnlnMo tiro which occurred in Uowardstreot, Hothom, has resulted not only In the lots of Mr. Bruce's child, hut tbo total loss of ovcrythiag he possessed. Wo understand tbat a few neighbours uro ondea- vouring to raise n subscription for him, A number of gentlemen assembled on Satur day afternoon by Invitation, in n largo room attached to the Duke of Edinburgh Thootro, to nitnets experiments with a styptic, introduced hy Mr. John Brynn, theatrical manager, from India, by which ha claims to bo able to imme diately stop tffaslcns of blood, nnd also to euro wounds, cuts, nnd sores of c)l descriptions — no matter of how long stauding — in on lucredlblo short period of thno. Mr. Bryan had stated that bo would cut a jugular vein and stop bleeding from it in thirty seconds, nnd accord ingly some fowls wera provided for tho purpose. Tho feathers of ono of these wore pulled off the sldo of the neck, Iho skin was then cut, and afterwards the jugular; but a3 the bird did not appenr to bleed freely, tbo styptic was applied, the neck sewed up sgain, and tho bird put aside for one which would answer tho purpose bettor. The next operated upon spurted out blood Im mediately the jugular was cut, and before the otyptic could be poured into the orifice caused by tho cutting of tho eldn of tho neck, it had parted with several spoonsful. Tho application of tho remedy, howovor, instantaneously stopped any further flow, and congealed what had escaped. Tho ucck was then stitched together again, and tho fowl, which was tied hy tho legs, was laid asido on the floor apparently in an Insensible, li not dying, condition. A third fowl was submitted to tho samo process as tho previous ono ; it also bled freely, and the bleeding was as quickly stopped. Tho incision in the jugulars of hoth was no mere scratch, but at least an inch long in the last two fowls, end thero is no doubt had the bleeding not been stopped that they would havo died in n minute or two. While they were being ma nipulated, the one that was first cut was grscdlly feeding on some maize nnd corn on the floor, and appeared not to feci the slightest pain from tho Bovero" handling it had received; The second one, however, did not seem to rally, and as It had been cut open in the breast and operated on two days previously, tho strangers present thought it; would sink under the treatment, Mr. Bryan, however, assured them It would not, and Invited them to coma back ogain iu the course of a low hours to see It as well as No. S, which by tho way botrayed vciy little signs of exhaustion after Its neck was closed up. At 10 o'clock in tho evening, when our reporter called again, the birds wero all well — the ono which had suffered most being perched on the framework of n chair, nnd iho other two standing quietly together on the floor. The curotiro powers of the otyptic as displayed on tho birds aro certainly most mar vellous; but Mr. Brynn gives many autbentio instances, in which he hes in Melbourne cured cuts, wounds, eere throats, old wounds In llmts, etc., In the course of o day or two. The Btyptic Is In appearanco liko olive oil. The Launceston Examiner furnishes the fol lowing statistical Information as to tho public debt of the different colonies " At the closo of 1867 the actual debt of this colony was 11, 018,000, or L10 Cs. 11 Jd. per head of tho whole popula tion. In Victoria, at tho end of 1836, the debt per head was Lis 14s, 8|d, ; New South Wales, L16 12s. lOd.j South Australia, LI n . ru . ton n » IA ti«a ms uuu suooudiouuy ajmj fos (us xuq Interest of tho debt In Queensland Is stated to have been at the rate of LI 10s. 8d. per head ; in Tasmania it waa at tho rate of 13s. Id. per head. Of the Tssmanlan debt L300,000 was raised on behalf of tho Launceston and Western Railway, and the Government being protected against loss In respect of that loan, the actuol sum for which the State was ultimately liable waa L713,000, or L7 6s, OJd. porbcad. In proportion to the extent of their respective territories, the debt of tho different colonies stand thus: — Tasmania, la. 2£d. per acre; Vietorla, 3i. 2J4 ; New South Wales, 0JL; South Australia, Jd. ; and Queensland, lid." This week's Police Gazette roports that Wil liam Ridley is charged, on warrant, with em bezzling L30, the property of Edward Edwards, at Prabran, during the last two months. He Is supposed to have gono to Castlematno. The G:zette also notl&es; the following Mleslng from the Yarra Ynrra dioingrooms, Flinders street west, sinco the morning of the 8th Inst., John M'Kenzte, owner of a restaurant at Ktl- more. On the above dato ho left tho above address with the Intention of cashing a L100 Bank of Victoria cheque, and a LSI 15). fid. on tha London Chartered Bank. He left his swag behind him. The following rewards are also announced : — To Detective (first class) John F. Alexander, at Sandhurst, and Coustablo James Nolan, at Marong, Sandhurst district, L6 each has been awarded In acknowledgment of tholr services in the street end prosecution of John Hogan, alias Porker, executed for tho murder of Martin Rooney. To Senior-constable Edward Transon and Constable Manaell, at Newstcad, Castlemaino district, L2 each has been awarded in acknowledgment of their services in tho arrest and prosecution of William Towers, sentenced to ono year for burglary. A correspondent of the Border Post gives the following account of his visit to a Melbourne labour offiue. Let ub hope thet his statement is exaggerated: — " I then fell back on the labour offices, when the following colloquy took placo: — Polite proprietress: Young woman wanted for the country ? yes, sir, here la one. Young woman : How far Is it ? Paterfamilias : Two hundred miles. Young woman: Too far; what wages 7 Paterfamilias: Nome your terms. Young woman : Forty pounds a year, nnd my mail faro; bat how many children are there J Patorfamilias : Alos 1 Eoven. Young woman : I'm afraid I shouldn't suit; good morning. Tha sarao ceremony having been gono through wllh two othor young women with a like result, Ihc lady of the labour mart again stepped forward. Polite pro prietress : Yau ore difficult lo suit, but hero is a young woman ;tliat will fill tbo place to your satisfaction. Sho can wash, bake, scrub, Iron, cook, milk cows, is very fond of chlldron, likes ths country, und will go for L26 a year. Paterfamilias: Let her be engaged, A paper was then drawn up, signed by the young woman with o crass, and I was told the girl's name was Bridget, hut she could not tell the name of tho Btreet she lived in. She would, however, call at tho — — hotel in time to go by ths next coach to Albury. I was Informed that thero was Ss. engagement fee to pay for tho girl, nnd 6s to be paid hy tho employer. As Bridget had no moocy, perhaps I would pay tbo wholo. This was assented to, nnd I went on my way rejoicing at tho treasure' I was sending up to my wlfo. Will it bo bolievcd that within an hour Bridget called nt tho hotel, and left her engagement-paper wllh tho barman, with an Intimation that sho never In tended to go. Now I don't say It Is the practlco at these labour marts to keep a ' stock' girl, who is trotted out wlienover nn employer from the country finds It difficult to got suited ; but tho ready way In which Bridget consented to every thing, the forgotfulness which prevented her recollecting her address, nnd the promptness wlih which sho repudiated tho transnclton as soon cs the fees wore paid, was certoluly an ' oyo-opener' to — Yours, Paterfamilias." Another civil servant, George Bevan, of Gee long Junction, station-master, 1ms filed his sobedulo In tho Insolvent Court, alleging as tho reasons of his iosolvoncy the Irregularity of pay ment of his salnry by Government, nnd sickness in family. Tho liabilities aro L163, of which sum L105 Is duo to tradesmen who aro un secured, and tho assets aro set down at LIS 15s. At an Inquest held on Saturday on the body of the unfortunate child Kate Bruce, who was burnt to death on Friday night In Howard streot, ITotham, tho jury returned a verdict of accidentally burned to death. It would appear that the poor llttlo thing was euff icolcd by the smoko whilst asleep. In a vory reckless manner she was loft sleeping In her cot alono in the house at about 0 o'clock on Friday evening, and nt about 11 o'clock the placo was found to bo on firo. Tho parents wero told that the child bad been taken out, but she couhl not bo found. The father went into the bouse, and brought out the cot. At first he thought the child was cot In It, bat sho was subsequently found burnt to death In tho cot. A candle was loft burning in one of tho rooms, and thero was n small fire in the kitchen. Deceased had keen twice previously left alono In tho house. The following weather statistics have been furnished to us by Mr. Ellory, being tho result of metcorologicsl-ob9crvattons made at tho Mel bourne Observatory during tho week ending the 23nd August : — The highest reading of the baremater was registered on Saturday, at 30'225ln. ; nnd tlio lowest on Monday, it 29 7621a. The highest mean temperature was on Friday, viz., 50'2deg. ; and the lowest on Monday, viz., 41'2deg. Tha highest tempera ture in the sliado was registered on Sunday, at C2deg. ; and tho lowest on Monday, at 30 8dog. Tho highest temperature in tho sun w09 on Thursday, viz., 104'2deg. ; and tho lowest on Monday, viz., 92 8drg. Ths prevailing winds were— on Sunday, N E and SE ; on Mondoy end Tuesday, N.K. and d. ; on Wednesday, W. and S.W. ; on Thursdov, W. and S. ; on Fri day, W. and WS W. ; nad on Saturday, S.W. and S. Tho rainfall on Tuesday was 0'1801n. ; on Wednesday, 0 0401n. ; on Thursday, 0 05flln. ; on Friday, 0 1431n. ; and cn Saturday, 0 OlOln. ; none tha remainder of tho week. Tho weather was very Quo and pleasant on the 16th and 17th, with frost in tho early morning ; and dull and ehowery tbo remainder of tho week. The anniversary of the new Independent Chnrcb, Collins street, will be celebrated on Tuesday next by a tea and public meeting. Mr. Georgo Horker will preside, and during tho evening tho choir will perform sovoral pieces of music. A public meeting is to ho held at the Town- h'all, Prabran, tbiaovenlog,on matters connected with the welfare of the borough. Wo aro Informed that the children at tho Blind Asylum havo been taught singing by Mr. S. Greenwood, and that Mr. Prlnglo was merely present at tho Inauguration of the institution, far tho purposo of opening the organ. The return rifle match between the Emerald HIU Artillery and tbo Bollaret Rangers was fired on Friday, at the Ballarat butts, and won by tho Ballarat Corps by 34 points, the totals being— Emerald Hill, 452 ; aud Ballarat, 483. Private J. Fly, late of SandhurBt, being the highest scorer on the Ballarat side ; and Gunner M' Hutchison on the Emerald Hill sldo. Both sides have now won a match. A person named John S. Henry 1ms been brought before tho Warrnambool Bench on n charge of Imposition under tho following circum stances : — On tho 2nd of May lost, Honry called on Mrs. Trew, of the Woodford inn, Woodford, and stated that ho required the use of a sitting- room and a bedroom — the slttingroom to be re quired as n committee room for Mr. Jeremiah Dwyer, whom Henry represented as a candidate for Vllllcra and Heytesbury. Ho stated that ho waa authorised by Mr. Dwyer to act as his agc-nt, and produced n letter purporting to be from Mr, Dwyer. An agreement was made for L2per week, and Henry stated tbat he should require the roomB up to the 27th of May — the day of the QiCCllUQ Qolitj' lUvH pOSaUcalOUj UUU 118 pUfllj boarided at tho hotel, generally sleeping there. Ho frequently stated that he represented Mr. Dwyer, and brought several political supporters of that gentleman to the hotel. Mrs. Trew, In her evldonce, told tbo Bench that she would not have permitted Henry any credit had sho not btllovad he was agent for Mr. Dwyer. Honry frequently went to the post-office, and brought letters, which were oponed In the presence of Mrs. Trew, and said to be from Mr. Dwyer. A few days beforo the election It was found that Mr. Dwyer was not o candidate, bat that Mr. Charles Cock had arrived to contest the election with Messrs. Boyles and M'Donnell. As it appeared in the course of the examination that Mrs. Trow bad rendered an account to Henry In his own name, the case was dismissed, a coutlon being at the same time given to ths prisoner. Tho Ararat Advertiser understands that it is the intention of a number of farmers and freo selectors resident In the neighbourhood of Klora to hold a meoting at Sandy Creek hotel, on tbo 27 th Inst., for the purpoeo of considering the land policy as sketched by the present Government. Tbo assurance of Mr. M'Culloeli, in one of lib election speeches, tbat 5 per cent, would ho allowed selectors out of their rentel to go towards the purchase-money, has rendered tho farmers hopeful of receiving substantial encouragement at the hands of tbo present Cabinet. Doubtless resolutions will be pnssed, embodying tjio views of selectors on this matter ; and if care be taken by them to ploce their case in a forcible) and truthful light, tho electors may have aomo in fluence with the Government In assisting towards the initiation of a moro liberal measure than that embodied in the Amending Land Act of 1865. The wheat crop round the Bet Bet b, accord ing to a local paptr, looking thin and mborablo. Many of the farmers attribute tbb deficiency to the seed being hurt by the machine when threshing ; and unless tho minds of many change before harvest the flail will be in general U86 next season, at least In the part near Middle- bridge. There Is only one good- locking field of whoat, the seed for which waa threshed accord ing to tho Eastern custom, except that horses wero substituted for oxen. A country journal has tho following ;— " Daring tbo time iho present Land Act hes boon in operation, more particularly the 42cd clause, o great deal of jealousy has been evinced by tho mining community with reference to would-be settlers upon auriferous lands. Tbat this feeling should be engendered, and eventually culminate la a point, when some very urgent steps should bo taken ts check that extensive monopoly in auriferous lands, is not to be won dered at, Tho Mining Department havo in variably been opposed to the alienation of land which comprises old gold workings, or In oil cases whoro volcanic formation exists. It Is satbfactory to know that the opposition referred to has now taken- a praotical form, and that henceforth no old workings, or portions thereof, i can he included in any survey under the 42nd i section. The Mining Board will now be de barred from discussing what has hitherto been on interesting topic, sndnTfTSH ' on thtlr part will be needed , '""iiB ' servation of all known a«rifer„l|i1!D,u,« iflf '» Tho sale of the rem„|u|n A",?0'' 11 « Western Market will l» ii|,n„„j R,1;u® public auction— Nos. o, U) ,', ."' 'hM| 11 Btreet, nnd Nos. 20 nnd 21 '|n u B tho upsot prieo of L5 Mr k:''l)H« p 16, and 17, In Flinders Icno at 1 1 1 " Tho adjourned rocotloc „r pit "ufl " teachers will bo hold tklj „ pUk"! iS Mechanics' Institute. i|M 111 Last evening a man named taken to tho Hospital from u,0 Iril,p VI « Inghouso, In Bouike street Wt„ t.JH seized with Illness a short tlie , '"iB IC did not rally, but died alwut an i '1'' !!' was admitted. A boy ulno years of'"" !':fl B John Ryan, was admitted to nle p'1 Saturday ovening, having recti-, i , ""iM ' during n fall from a treo lato'J.it'M B climbed. W'C3 ItH »! From Sydney we have dalra t0 t W 1' Tho papers to hand c intnln iccmau t " phenomenon which had occurred sim.t nt For; Jackson nnd Newcastle, r. 5 froy, of tho Active, schooner, which S , 'B Capo York, via King George's BuJd l'B that Mr. Jordan, tho magistrate ln'„,' , that all tho stores, clothing, arnn, t0lj tlnn had been forcibly carried off L and thnt one man had lieeu shot. CtJ '"''1 frcy supplied tho w.-.nts of the psttv , York to tho beat of Ills ability, hut,. nnxlons to obtafn supplies as sow w Tho Brlshano Courier of tho 15th |mt Bli tho following paragraph It (, tl known that tho illustrious otr.mtjcr q honoured our poor city with his j, tho style, title, and dignity of tj, Attem, Is tho Individual who, la > ti-lcgrom on Tuesday, wos said to hKe „f large advances la that city on flediiom Wo ore sorry to say thnt bn tnanagnl, j- short slay hero, to walk into the good en,!'|aa some of our clllzsns, and to make rather r) f drafts on their bankers. Ills countetl; p'Bj t. be remembered, left Brisbane In thet re'onBtti craft tlio Hamlet's Ghost, tho history ef«Bce vessel ought to bo written some dry; and last been heard of at Cleveland Dry. a Is out for his apprehension, and trccpu, tHto been dispatched overland from Port DitlyHp secure him If possible beforo ha maktsaduHtt! on onr friends iu B itnvia. Wo felled to the Count as lie deserved when ba was lo banc ; but should he visit ub again, ttpijjHp with the order which the Sheriff cf QuwdHt desires to confor on bim on his breast, isjy|n: Seymour's decorations sn his wrist, wetldgflKi deavour to make amends for our formuufgjK of Son A Itesse." Wo have received the second nuaittdn smell publication called The Glassbloaet, JHSi fished by Mr. C. A. Woodroffe. Ths oiJicHHs this small paper Is to bring tho cxbllil;! tljKL glassblowers prominently beforo tho publti. fffc Tho Ballarat Star understands that prcwiljir lngs havo been initiated for tho purpose Qltgljjjp iog the assumed right of tho municipal lulthMp; ties to let tho Alfred- ball for theatrical pntpaJHt Messrs. Randall, .MItchel1, end Donud hSftl boon Instructed, either by Mr. It. S. Mltrli.ii.Ri by him and others, to tnko the neccuaryicllilf' In tho matter. Ri The remains of a human being wcrettuhHi ashore at Lady Bay, Warrnambool, on WtdigHl day afternoon Only tho trunk was left, gH thero wera scarcely any means of idcaUScitlnH At the coroner's Inquest which wos held, tnoptB verdict was rotnrned ; but it was thought ttfl the unfortunate man waa tho cook of theJcH who had been missing many months. H A supper In connection with the AoctaH Order of Druids, Acorn Lodgo, will take pliH this ovening, at tho Brunswick hotel, PJiztogH The magniBccnt Tulfaroop racecouro| Carisbrook has been jumpod under the section. This is free selection with a vccgcjv|| but wo (Dunolly Express) appreheudtelH matter will end in the Crown lands ballSUtlkB the pegs out oi the ground, as no contttr.trcm voyor would venture his thoodollto wltU: llH fence. It ts said that the jumpors merely slit to bring the trustees to a oonso of their dallfl with regard to which much laxity has of liflj been displayed. D A public meoting was held at Smyttmi last week, with the. object of procuring f abolition of the present coronorsbip system,! subilituting in lieu thereof a magisterial iaqi! system. Roeolutlons favourable to the iV. view wore carried. Tbo Pall Mall Gazette, referring to tho it tralian black crickoters in England, says " is by this time clear that the Aborigine) i wretchedly bad players at cricket, and that it wero merely brought over hero as a spccol ' tion," A warehousemen's boating dub has it formed, and a preliminary meeting is to be ht at tho Dukoof Rothssy hotel this evening, .at u auto w iuwa property neia at istuc on Friday last, tho largo sum of L50 10). | foot was given for lend In Sturt street, ndjolait the Star ofiico. Mr.' M'Donald was ths po chaser. The property formerly belonged Istl Messrs. M'Donald, nnd was sold by them utulj ten y enrs ago for LI per foot, and It has now fa: repurchased at this enormous increase In prifi It will be In the recollection ot ourtRs'ai (says the Bendigo Advertiser) that Mr. Builtlil watchmaker, while in High street had his shop robbed some time ngo, and the perpetrators of 111 robbery — a rather extensive ono — have new been found out, Not long since a number of th stolon watches wero discovered in a drive at Bit. lorat, and yesterday sixteen watches with semi trinkets, all in good condition, which had bus found undor a bouse at Ballarat, and forward to Mr. Superintendent Chomlay, wera delivered to Mr. Bradley by Detectives Alexander, n they proved to ba a psrtfbn of the stolen p' petty. A football match had been arranged to come off on Saturday afternoon between the Melbourne and Emerald Hill clubs, on the ground of the former ; but although the Emerald Hill team came down, they refused to play, on the ground that their team was not strong enough. A very good scratch match was played by the Melbourne men, who subsequently held a meeting, when it was resolved not to accept any further challenge from the Emerald Hill club until they had shown themselves to be in a position to meet their opponents fairly. The members of the Emerald Hill Amateur Dramatic Club will give a performance to morrow ovonlog in the local Mechanics' IoiU- tuto. Tho pieces selected for representstloa nj " Raising tho Wind," " Tho Two ffblld, nnd tho burlotquo of " Alonzo the Brave. During tho Intervals Mr. Dwlght will slag. Tho Richmond Popular Concert and Heading come off thla evening In the Lecture-bill, Lennox street. A really excellent programs' has been provided. Dr. Stewart (the major) » to preside. Burton's Circus has been performlog H Wllcannla, n township of the Darling, which cp to tho present has been considered huHdreoi miles beyond tho boundaries of civilisation. W correspondent of the Southern Argus alludes to the visit : — " I am, however, sorry say that tho manager of the circus has Bad®0' difficulties to contend with than he calculated o j Tha distance ovorland from Adoloido, rM ' Darling, to Brlsbaes, Is greater than It appW| on a map, aud town horses, accustomed to woll groomed, fed and stabled, do not j®P' . In condition when turned out at hobbles after a hard day's drudgery, to und u own tucker on plains over which are const) i » feeding many thousands of shcop, and naui green but tho Darling pea, to partake o> in quantities is death to tbem. Several o best draught horses are dead, nnd I am many more will go tho same road bewrs reach Brisbane. Tho manager has dona moat to got on and surmount hi) difficult" ' town men, ilka town horsos, ore not ndsp |Ior(,e feed Is not to ho got, nnd 't""h' "nnot travel with loads and live on jibing." a very B„0d houso Indeed at tho Tlllir0 Ttur,l»y night— the principal Bttrao- Jtoyl "n George Coppln in his old part of p0n be'av ;,r oppln, on making hla ro- prul 1'r.V. ffa, 'received with a perfect ovation, jepsronci', usua) humour. At and l'I'J"1 ? t|l0 plcco ho mndo n speech, Ike flo? ",|nr,clerUtIe of tho man, U which, tHoo?My 'nv ',rprco dropping tho Paul Pry with""1 w pjiorioil to several leading topics of ebarre'Cj - rotul.„, tho various current (bs day pronilso of future tbontrlcal icW4'''' oiso nnnounced that Madame orrrltl's- |y|v0 concerts at the Royal, B'.d.'P K0" v,',,inc'dr.y night his Excellency ,nd |liat or rronld visit tho theatre. Mr. lis G''rcr g'.iooel Hardy, was quite up to his Ri.'t"1 " cod tho o:hcr characters wcro niu"'! ',.,1. Tho burlcrquo of " Tho I ft"'J 'iTro'" conrhute.il tho pcrformanoo. SW-® r0 .(.f'tho Adventurer, or tho Merchant's „ piece which, though new to I p«iahlcr' |(ust. ,)C „|Brnt,|y familiar to those I jlclW"" |ter Mailnmo Celesta at tho I vtJ cB, 1815, whero it was performed under I c( cisrlsso, or tho Morchant'a ft ft' 1 ii The aceno is laid at Franco, tho I1H.!1'" pccncii, nnd both tho 6entlraentul f-ir there Is plenty of both, I ,;i filrlv he cr.lle.I French too. In that view, I ec' Ilisro Is t0 anyone who has read f 'I criminal reports nothing very improbablo I f'f; tll)IV or the Incidents. The lending cha- aro M. Ur. Rncho, a wood merchant; I om"k Ids 'atipposod daughter ; Arrannd, La I - , cir-.k and lover of Clnrlsso ; Robert, Ln I 5"t«V foreman, on rx-gr.ltay slavo nnd tho I l i.ihirof Clarlspc; Martini, an adventurer, I r the order known In Franco ns le tigre ; like o workman, devoted principally to drink; I j lie Gsbst the adventurer's groom; Bnrblllon, I oua'lc rori oi gamin and Mllanlo, n grkette I'V i'.o' pctofon, whose affection and money I" 'j.i'.nilyntlhedtsposal of M. Barblllon— Ith- cnoliclnir frequently slighted and the other Irsrcrrrlumeil. Martial, the adventurer, who, with Ms eroom and two other thieves carry on a Initof I'lMt-'toek thieving company, contrives Itocrt rcqualnlcd with Clarisso at hor father's Ril of liuilorsj, nnd calls there frequently— os- ILiitly to buy timber, rcolly to lay a plan for n .jwjrt whleli ho eventually accomplishes In K,tb a intnner that Armnnd Is suspected and, In Kalta of Clarissa's entreaties, dismissed by La Kci,o In whom Mnrilal recognises on old K-quslctance named Bernard, n plrato and mur- K,,„ 11,0 first ect concludes with a sort of Kl'tahb, In which John and sundry guards L.p m arrrst Robert, accused by Martial, aro Hfi/»rn Into the cnnal.Intbo next net Martini visits Ki Roche In bis cabin on board tho conal bant, Rail while there hsuddenly let down through a trap PL,0 iv.s canal, Clarissa being an eye-witness of tho ffttntder. Ho Is, however, enved by Barblllon, Lijfnd os a price of Rjcrccy, demands the hand of llcitrtao. In tho end, however, tho whole EajsUry is cleared up ; La Rocho confesses his Bjuilt, noil , boots himself, Robert (discloses hlm- Hlf to Ms daughter, Armnnd and Clarisso aro hurled, sod Martial and his accomplices ore HL> sway by the gendarmerie. Tho loves of Bfflmle and Barblllon run as an underplot through piece, aud very amusing loves they are. (Hh.C.Youog was Irresistibly comic as Barblllon, Mil fibs St. Denis mr, do just such occquettlsh- JRotinggihette ns Beronger would have longod Bitbire a garret with. Her dancing with Mr. wis especially good, and she throw Into v-it t" that Indescribable mixture of RitUikcrqathy and piquant vivacity that make eMlbilludDtllng but dangerous creature, tho iRmcb pliltc. Mr. C. Hall played Martial (/j/feMy Indeed. Mr. Wolfe did his host fie unpleasant part of La Roche; Mr. wis sufficiently Impudent as the Groom ; IBr. drown, as Robert, was, if anything, lea much overcome by bis feelings ; and Humphreys was certainly tho most swell tBsnbsiry of police yet seen an tho iSBlosurno stsge, Tho part of Clarisso played with a good deal of graco and pathos ill® Miss KiteWorde. Tho pieeo was fairly liRioted; sad tho scenery by Mr. Frcyberger, Mctafly (be set scene on tho banks of the canal, the garden In the Islo d' Amour, highly 'table to that gentleman's talent. The eer In which Martial's fall through tho trap manoged was also loudly applauded, and on rhplo tho piece ought to run. he performances at the PiinceSB Theatre on rday night included "Love in Humblo " " Tho Invisible Prince," " A Kiss In the and tho ballet of " The Bull Fighters," Inly quite as much In quality and quantity e could expect for tho admission money. ;ero was, as usual, a full nttendonco nt tho ties an Saturday evening. Tho opening ebi a of the entertainment was provided by , Msty Minstrels, and wa9 nat the loust lilt klve part of the programme. MIsb Annls i. I iley, Mies Rebecca Jones, and Mr. Creed link I performed aomo vory gosd vocal and to pi :eatal music; and a burlesque operB, In tett s tko principal members of the company itul) tied, concluded tho varled.'pcrformnnce. hu a glass-blowing exhibition at St. George'a- ' wu largely patronised by the public on %, both ln tho afternoon and evonlag. usual distribution of prizes took place on ibfRwision, '"k'ftwColoacum mu3lc- hall, Bourke street, j,6'. a favouvlto ploco of resort with a „ .'b'b'.ton o( tho publtc, and on Saturday fieroom was crowded. somtB 