EVENTS Ol? THE MONTH. Tub toaohers and ohildrou of tho Wharf street Baptist Church Sunday-school procoodod to York's Hollow, on the morning of Nov. 21, and oolobratcd thoir anniversary. Tho games usual on such ocsnsions woro freely indulged iu, and a vory enjoynblo day spent. A tea-meeting- in aid of tho orootion of the new chapel, undor tho auspicoa of tho "Biblo Christians," was hold at Indooroopilly, on Thuradoy, tho 26th Nov. A spacious booth had boon oroctod for tho occasion, in whioh from seventy to eighty persons took toa. After tho tables had boon cloared, tho Rev. W. Woolcock, who presided, briefly oxplained tho object of tho meeting. Addrossos wcro dclivorod by Messrs. Raymont, Mooro, Bodgood, Jarrott, and n minister of " The Society of Friends." Taken altogothor tho prococdiugs woro vory satis- factory. The second annual mooting of tho Philhar- monie Society was hold on Nov. 19, at tho School of Arts. There was a full nltondanco of mom boro, and Híb Excellonoy Colonel Blackall pro sided. Tho orchestra of tho sooicty played an ovortnro, aftor whioh tho ohairman introduced the business of the mooting. Tho secretary road tho roport and financial statement of the committee, whioh woro adopted. Tho election of officers for the ousuing year was thon pro- coodod with, and resulted ob follows :-Patron, His Excollonoy tho Govornor ; President, tho Chiof Justice ; Vico-Prosidonts, the Hou, M. C. O'Connoll, John Douglas, Esq., M.L.A. ¡ Trea- surer, Mr. J. S. Turnor ¡ Secretary, Mr. M. A. Felton j Librarian, Mr, J. Fowles ; Conductor, Mr. Ro/onstongol ; Pianist, Mr. Strachan, The following gontlotnon woro thon appointed to tho committeo :-MosBrs. J. Fenwick, J. M'Donuoll, R. H. Mills, G. 0. Horslmann, G. H. Vernoy, and Captain M'Carthy. Tim now Congregational Church at Copper- field has boen oponod and sermons preached, morning and ovoning by tho Rov. T. Jonkyu, the pastor of tho church, and in tho afternoon by Mr, Symons. The ohurch building ia a very neat, substantial, and oommodious structura, built entirely of hardwood, on an olovoted freo hold silo In North Copporfiold, and is cnpablo of seating about two hundred porsons. The Prosbytorian Ohuroh was oponod for tho first timo on Sunday, November 8, when thrco services woro hold by the Rov. I. Mackay, who preached a sormou in the Gaolio dialect in tho afternoon. Tho attendance on oneil occa- sion was tolerably numerous, and tho collections croditablo. It was intimated by tho minister that ho intended to establish a Sabbath-sehool in connection with the ohuroh.-Gympie Times. The annual tea mooting of the Ipswioh Tem- poráneo Socioty was hold in tho hall, Wost Btroot, Novombor 9. Tho building wos nontly docoratod with flowers and ovorgreens, and tho tables woro abundantly aud iuvitingly spread. About 120 porsons Bat down to toa, aftor which thoro was a publio mooting, presided ovor by tho ProBidont, Mr. M'Fnrlauo. Tho Rovs. Mossrs. Gardiner and Amos, and Bovorol Bris- bano and Ipswioh frionds, woro on the platform nnd nddrosscd the. mooting. Tho hall was well filled. Tho claims of tomperanco mid tho ovils of intomporanoo woro duly advocated and illus- trated in amusing and interesting speeches, whioh woro warmly applauded. Mossrs. Full- wood and Allon, of Brisbano, advocated tho for- mation ol' a brnnoh of tho Rechabite Socioty iu Ipswioh, and oxplninod ils principios. Tho mooting broko up nt about 10 o'olook. At tho closo of ovoning sorvieo in the Catholio Church on Sunday last, a faronoll ad- dress was proaontod to tho Very Rev. D. J. D'Arey by tho mombers of his denomination in Dalby. Tho nddross, which lins boon boauti fully ongrossod by Mr. P. Wulkor, of tho Primary School, wbb read by James Tlowlin, Esq., M.D. and J.P., and suitably acknow- ledged by tho rov. gontlomnn. Nearly JC80 havo been subsoribod-principally by tho Catho- lics thomsolvcs-for tho purposo of purchasing in Sydnoy a hnndsomo silvor toa sorvico, which is to bo given to tho Rov, Fathor D'Arey as a momento of his highly praiseworthy ollbrts in aid of tho church during his sojourn in this diatriot. Of thiB sum about ¡C27 wcro sub- scribed on Jimbour Btation nlono.-Dalby He- rald, Novomber 14. Tun Gladstone Observer of tho 19th saya : "Tho Rov. Father M'Quinnoss orrivod on Fri- day morning, aftor a long and tedious journey, having travelled about 900 milos since loaving Rockhampton four months ago. Ho lins boon on tho Bnrooo, nnd carno in hero vid tho Daw- son. Ho spnrod no poins to visit ovory Btation, and fossicked out ovory shepherd and Btation hand ho oould hear of as belonging to his Ohuroh. Tho arid stato of tho country intor forod with, but did not hinder, his praisoworthy mission, Camping out and wntohing his horses all night to koop thom from straying for food woro among Iiíb frcquonl experiences, It was Buch work as this that ruinod tho health of tho late Vory Rev. Doan Walsh, of Goulburn, but Father M'Guinness looked wonderfully well after his hardships. Our own Mr. Proudfoot knows what bush missionary work is, from his long journoys on the Dawson. All honor to tho mon who make thoso personal BacnucoB in tho nanto of religion, nnd all honor to the con- gregations that sparo thom from such work. Fathor M'Guinnoss hold prayors in the old Town Hall on Sunday, and had a goodly at- tendance. Ho then started for Rockhampton, and had plenty of work cut out for himself bo foro ho thought of reselling his homo. By tho timo ho rcochoB Rockhampton, ho will havo riddon about 1000 miloB." Tun usual monthly mooting of tho Indooroo pilly branoh of tho East Moroton Farmers' Association was hold on the ovoning of Wed- nesday, November 25. Mr. Jarrott in tho ohnir. Tho minutes of tbo proviouB mooting woro road and confirmod, whon tho ohairman addrossod the meeting at considerable longth on tho advantngBB tho Bmall farmers would derive from having their sugar-cane crushod on their own ground. Mr. Booth (late of Java) attended by invitation, and was introduced to tho moot- ing by tho chairman. Mr. Booth dirocted the mindB of the members to tho possibility of getting mills on a small scalo and at a very reasonable cost, that would meet their require- ments. Aftor Bomo discussion of thosubjeotBovo ral of tho members oflorod to Bubsoribo towards tho oxpenso of erecting tho first mill, as an oxporimont,'; bo that, before long, thero is a probability'of the problom-viz., can sugar bo profitably produced on a small Beale-boing solved. Aftor a volo of thanks to Mr. Booth, for his kindness in attending, and also for the information ho had bo freoly given, tho meeting closod. Mna, CnABL-ES Osbobke, late landlady of Os borno's Hotel, Fortitudo Valley, diod vory sud- denly on tho ovoning of Nov. 25. In tho oftornoon sho complained of feeling unweU, and about 4 o'clock went to her room and lay down. About 5 o'clock she was visited by Boroo of tho inmates, when sho said oho was no botter. About 7 o'clock sho was found dead on her bod. A mii.ita.ivz funeral took placo on Nov. 16, the doceoBod boing a private in tho 50th Régi mont, named James PaiBh. Tho coromony was conducted in tho usual way, and attracted a considerable number of spootators. The pro- cession startod from the barracks about 5 o'olook p.m., the Volunteer Band playing the " Doad March " of the body was Blowly moved along. All the detaohmont that could bo spared nttondod, commandod by Cap- tain Eden. The deceased had been about four years in the regiment, and had always been a sober, steady man, Tho cause of death was dropsy. We havo gloanod a few particulars respecting tho melancholy accidont at Gutohie, whereby a son of Mr. ¿elsham lost his life, tho substance of whioh is as follows ¡-It appears that the children woro out walking with their nurse, but strayed away from her ¡ and nothing moro wbb seen of them until she discovered tho youngest struggling in the water of one of tho lagoonB noar tho station, who was rescued by a black followwhenin a stato of almostcomploto exhaus- tion. Her attention being nbsorbod by this in- cident, some minutes elapsed boforo it was dis- covered that the elder boy, Richard, was likewise in the water, and it is probable that boforo he was brought to land ton minutos muBt have elapsed, as every effort to restore life was un- successful.-?Maryborough Chronicle, Wh rogrot to havo to rocord another fatal aceidout on tho Brisbano River. Tho unfortu- nate deceased in this ovont was a man namod David O'Doa, who had for bohío timo boen omployod as ferryman at the Russoll-slroot forry. About 8 o'olook p.m. on Nor. IO, ho, with two othor mon, had brought tho largo punt ovor to this sido of tho rivor, ond whilo it was boing ( moorod O'Dea fell into tho wator. It is supposed that ho must havo beon knooked ovor by tho ropo along whioh tho puut runs, but it was vory dark at tho timo, dofinito information on this point can- not bo obtained. Ho struggled for somo timo, but sank boforo assistance roaohod him. The decoasod was a fino, ablo-bodiod man, of about thirty years of ago. Ho loaves n wife, but no t children. I A SERIOUS accidont happened on Nov. 12, on Wickham-terrace, near the Observatory. A young man named John Baker was driving his two sisters and a Míss Woodyatt home, about 7 o'clock, just as it was growing dusk, in a trap hired from McLennan and Duncan's livery stablos, and when noar Parish's Hotol his horse boearao frightenod and boltod down tho hill and along tho terrace, in spito of tho offorts of tho driver to hold him in. Tho vohiolo carno into collision with a fonco in frout of Mr. M. Hughes' residenco, and tho ocoupauts woro thrown out with groat violonco. Miss Bakor and hor sistor (Mrs. Holfrioh) cscapod with a fow slight scratches, but tho others, wo rogrot to Bay, wero sovoroly injurod, Miss Woodyatt's leg boing brokon, and Mr. Bakor sustaining a slight con- elusion of tho bruin, bosidoB boing greatly Bhakon and bruiaod. Dr. Fullerton was soon on v the spot, and under his dirootions tho sufforors f woro removed to Mr. Baker's houso, in Loioh- f hardt-stroot, whoro thoy woro nttondod by Dr. Boll. Tho vohiclo was sinnshod to piooos, and tho horso lamod. A man, named Thomas Budd, was killed by lightning on the 6th November. It appears that the deceased was in the employ of Messrs. William and Peter Barker, who own several punts on the river, and that day the three named were at work on a punt anchored in the river near Breakfast Creek. At about half- past 4 o'olock the lightning was very vivid, and Bird, who was at the pump, was recommended by his companions to desist. He did not do so however, and, almost immediately after, a more than usually vivid flash came. It must have struck the three, for the two Barkers say that they were felled to the ground insensible. When they came to their senses, they missed Bird, and saw his hat floating on the water. One of them immediately dived for him, but it was some time before the body was discovered. Life was then totally extinct, and the corpse was quite black. The clothes were torn in several places, and the hat was also rent. The deceased was a civil, much respected man, twenty-three years of age, and leaves a wife and child. A DISTBES3ING accident ocourrod (says tho D.D. Gazelle of Wodnosday, Novombor l8), ' at Ring's Crook on Friday last. It Booms that a woman named Onndiliny was ongagod in wash- ing, lonving her infant, nbout uino months old, 1 in clinrgo of a noighbor's ohild of four yoars of ago. Whilst the mother was " Bproadiug " the clot Ins, the child soramblod hoad foromost into a washtub, containing nbout two quarts of water, and waa auffocatod before the mothor returned. A MAGlSTERIAL inquiry was held at Jimbour, on Wednesday, the 11th November, before the Police Magistrate, touching the death of James Riley, aged thirty-three years, who was drowned on the previous day at the dam at Bungenie paddock, distant about two miles from the head station. Judging from the evidence, the un- fortunate man's life might have been saved had the men who witnessed the sad occurrence dis- played greater presence of mind and given some little assistance to the deceased while struggling in the water. Dominick Larkins, laborer, employed on Jimbour, said he rode over to the dam in Bungenie paddock when he heard that deceased was drownod ; he was pro- sent when the blackfellow recovered the body ; had known deceased for four years, and had heard him speak of his friends in the county Meath, Ireland, also of a brother and sister in New York ; had hoard him stato his fulhor's uiuno was Jumca Riloy j did no1 know if do- !. oriiBod hud any rolativos in this colony -, do censod hud soino money in tho Commercial Bank at Dalby ; ho was about thirty-threo yoars . of ago, and wub not married. Tho depositions hnvo boon forwarded to tho Attornoy-Gonoral, Ballig Berala, Novombor 14. . At the Supromo Court, on Nov. l-l, Mr. \ Harding again drew attention to the prnctioo j pursued by tho Attornoy-Gonoral and tho loadors at tho bar, of opening cases und reading plondinga, whoroby thoy took tho bread out of , tho mouths of tho juniors. Ho roquostod His Honor tho Chief Justice to sottlo tho practico , an this point. His Honor declined, as Mr. ' Juatico Lutwycho had proviously dono, to inter- ] foro in tho mattor. Tho Attornoy-Gonoral re murkod that tho Judges oould not intorfero with the practico of tho bar ; and that whon a loarnod Judgo on tho bonch of Now South Wulos, had vonturod to toll tho bar what thoy had bottor do, ho was quietly told by Mr. Martin, the then Attornoy- Gonoral, to mind his own business. With respect to tho assortion that I tho practico complained of had tho effect of I taking tho broad out of tho mouths of tho juniors, ho might remark that it did not appear to havo had such an oflbofc onhis loarnod friend, Mr. Harding. Ho should bo vory glad to bo always ussislod by juniors, but it waB not his duty to ask tho attorneys to employ thom. Mr. Harding repliod that tho practico ho had alluded to did not alfbet him so much as it did others, and ho had moroly brought tho mattor forward at theroquost of tho junior membors of the bar. Tue bronzo medula to be distributed to tho successful exhibitors in tho QuconBland Exhibi- tion of I860 carno to hand by tho last mail. Tho long delay in thoir arrivol is fully compon aatod for by tho superior oxoollonco of tho work. It is without doubt ono of tho most beautiful works of art of tho kind which has over come under our notico. Mr. R. G. W. Horbort was authorised by the Queensland Commissioners to procuro the modal, and ho employed Mr. Wyon, tho oolobratod medallist of London, and ho evi- dently Bot about tho work eon amore. Hor Majesty was graciously ploaBcd to give Mr. Wyon a sitting for tho obvorso of tho modal, and tho result fully boars out tho encomiums passed upon it by Mr. Herbert, in tho following extract fromhis lottorto tho Hon. Colonel O'Cou noll on tho subjeot : " You willhavo tho modal vory soon I hope, and a really firsl-rale IJiinff ii is. I think it quito tho host portrait of tho Queen I have soon ; as a work of dio- Binking it will rank with the best of any ago." Tho " certificates of merit" for tho exhibitors at tho samo exhibition aro also to hand, and will bo diBtributod in tho courso of a fow days. Thoy consist of a very boautifully- lithographod plato, containing a number of omblomatioal illustrations, indigenous plants and animala, and several vignottos, ono of which íb a well executed viow of Captain Hopo's sugar plantation, at Cleveland, Moroton Bay, and another of Captain Towhb' cotton plantation, on tho Logan Rivor. Tho plate is the work of Mr. Ham, of this city, und ho do servos ovory credit for tho manner in which ho has exooutod his commission. Billy, the aboriginal, who was convicted at the last Ipswich Criminal Sittings of committing a rape on Mary Thompson, near Town Marie, on September 11, and who was sentenced to death by His Honor Mr. Justice Lutwyche, will be executed on Monday, December 7, in the Brisbane Gaol. The inquiries set on foot to solve the Kroom- bit murder mystery have led to a result far dif- ferent to what was anticipated at the magiste- rial investigation. There was a rumor that blacks had committed tho murder, which was published in this journal and afterwards contra- dicted on the authority of the justice presiding at the inquiry. Now, however, circumstances have come to light which implicate two blacks named Charlie and Peter, well known to the police, and who are hiding in the Kroombit Scrub. They are said to have pounced on their unfortunate victim from behind and waddied him. Becoming alarmed at some noise, they dragged the yet breathing man to the creek and hastily buried him where his body was found, and then fled. We hope soon to record their capture or death by the bullets of the troopers. —Gladstone Observor TnR Brisbane Grammar Sohool, which is noorly oomplotod,willnotbeoponoduntil January 31,1869, after tho Ohnstraas vacation Mr Har lin, M A , at proaont mathematical master of tho Ipswioh Grammar Sohool, has boon appointed head master ¡ Mr D Cameron, socond master, and Mr F. J Koogh, hoad mastor of tho Forli tudo Valley National School, assistant maBtor, t Arrangements havo boon made to soouro tho 3 sorviooB of ofhoiout Fronoh and Gorman 1 mastora A oompotont drill and gymnastio in struotor will also bo ongagod Tho trustoos aio also making othor arrangements, wluoh, whon oomplotod, will onablo thom to opou tho Behool in a first class manner The City Surveyor has altered tho horns of tho Corporation loborors, in ordoi to provont tho nooosBity of thoir working in tho middle of thoso hot days lill latoly thoy usod to woik from 8 o'clock to 12, and from 1 o'clock to 5, I thoir hours aro now from 7 o'olook to 11, and from 2 o'olook to 6 This nltointiou is worth} tho attontion of othor omployors of out dooi 1 laborers. 1 His ExoeltjENot Cot.oi.ex Biaceall mado j his first visit to thoBnsbano Hospital on the aftor 1 noon of No v 11 Ho was rocon od by Dr Ban t croft resident Burgoon, tho Rov E Griffith, troa suror, Mr R Bourne, soorotory, and tho follow nig membors of tho comuitttco -Mossrs R Macdonnell, Macpherson, Scott, DaviB, and Abbott His Excollonoy went over tho build nig, mid saw tho wholo of tho pationtB, and 111 tho Visitors' Book, wroto his opinion to tho offoot Hint ho lind boon surprised and dolighto 1 1 to find such an institution 111 Brisbane, that tho waris, oflicoa, kitohou, and beds wore boauti fully clean, and that tho arrangements gonorolly 1 for tho pationts woro bottor than in any hoapi tal ho had over Msitod llioro ino now fortj nmo iu dooi and ninety six out dom pationts, which aro nboat tho avorago uuuibors that haio boon there for soino limo past lho lay nig on of the Enoggera wator has boon fouud to bo of the utmost benefit, nnd thero really Booms (0 bo som oolv any eonvomenco minting Hitherto the institution has not boon woll found iu sur gioiil instrument» but n consignment of J3250 worth ia now coming out, mid tins depaitinont 1 will thon bo complete Tho prosont committee aro ludofntigablo 111 thoir attention to thou c diitios, and it uppoars lory cortain that Dr ( Bauoroft is " tho light man 111 tho light place ' 1 AaEt. brat moolin¿ of the nioniboi s of tho Bl ib baño Volunteer Ino Bugadu was held in the I Town hall, on tho 01 clinic of No\ 10, for tho pur I pOBOof oonsidormj, lho draft copyof tho rulespro pal ed by the coininittoo, nnd of olooting ollicors 1 About twenty boion mombois «oro piosont 1 His Worship tho Mayor (Mr T Hardgravo) ocoupied tho chair 'lho inimités of tho pro viouB mooting woro load and Lonflrmod Loltors woro road from His Excollonoy tho Governor, consonting to boiomo Pntrou of lho Brigodo, from Lioutonunt Soymoui, Commissioner of Police, declining lo become Siiporiiitundont of tho Bngado, on tho ground flint his ao 1 coptanco of such post would mtorfoio ] with Ina oflicinl duties, but stating thal ho was willing to booomo 11 pi ivnto t member, and from tho Hon tho Oolonml Sooro ] tary, gianting tho uso of a poldon of tho Police 1 court yard for lho uso of tho Briyidi. Captain Vornoy informed (ho meeting thut ho had seen t Dr Hobbs, mid thut that gontloniaii had sigm 1 dod his willuignoss to accopt with groat plonsuro tho post of honorary Burgoon to tho brigodo, and lind piomisod lo nttond membors ni)iirod at Bros ffi alta lho di aft 1 ules woro adopted willi 1 soino Blight amendments lho mooting then pioooodod to tho election of officers tor tho 1 first 5 oar, tho voting boing by ballot It was I notified that Mr Culbush bud loluul fioin tho f contest I or tho ollloo of Biiporititoiidout the I following caudidutcs woro nonnniilod -Captain 1 Vornoy and Aldormnn Boatlio For tho formor ] thero woro oightoon votes, and for tho lutter i nine Captuin Vornoy waa thoroforo doolaiod ¡ duly elected, and brioily rolumod thanks, ox c pressing his determination to fulfil his duties to 1 tho best of his abihly Foi tho olllco of uonior c doputy superintendent, Mossis Beattie, Pron I doo, norning, and Hni loy woro proposed Mr \ Prontioo rotirod m favor of Mr Bouttio, who < was duly oloclod For the olllco of junior 1 doputy suporinlcndont Minara Harloy and 1 Homing woro pioposod lho formor was 1 olootod hy a majority of Ion voles to boich I Mr Richard Puoo wub unanimously olootcd 1 honoraiy soorolury I 1UA.T colobratul psoudo iiobloimm, Count Von 1 Allom, seoms to havo comotognof at last lho la ho had paul a visit to Somei sol with his yacht Hamlot's Ghost, and displajod his poouhar f talents by tho purohaBO of a quantity of birda r and skins f 10111 soino naturalists thero Ho I paul for thoBO partly in onsh and part in bills, which, boin nig tho autograph of so distill guishcd a peiaonogo, will, of course, bo vory vuluablo Luckily for himself, ho loft Somorsot voiy shortly aftor this tians nclion, or tho arrival of tho Captain Cook ini(,ht havo pul on untimely oud to the plousant j noss of his cnieor Two duys before that vessol arrived at Somerset ho sailod for pmts unknown, and lln- roforo tho warrants for his airoBt, whioh that vosboI convoyod, could not bo executed Ho disappoarod, and hiB friondB in Sydnoy und Brisbano woro loft to mourn tho vanishing of his " Ghost," and all hopo wns givon up of Ins being heard of ugain It seems, how 01 or, that his (,ood gonius led linn to Soura | baya, and thero most unkindly doaortod bun, for ho was laid by lho book by tho ofhoora of tho law lho " Count's' couutship has como to an ond, and ho will havo now to account for tho various monoyB rocoivod by lum on tho faith of bia credentials, which ho is shrowdly suspoclod to havo Btolon from tho voritablo Count Von Attorn Yob ' tho so called Count Von Attorn has boon arrestod 111 Jina on a ohargo of nogooiatmg fraudulent dooumonts So far wo know not at whoso in stanoo tho nrrost has boon mado, whothor by u warrant from his acquaintances in How South Walos or olsowhoro At any rato ho is a long woy off, and wo greatly four that much tact must bo usod for his victims in Australia to obtain any substantial bonoflt from his appro hcnsion A susimaby of obBorvotionB takon nt tho Meteorological Station, Brisbano, during tho month of Soptombor, which nppoara m tho Oo vernment Gazette, gives tho moan tomporaturo of tho month at CG 3 dogroos 1 number of days on whioh ram foil, 10, total rainfall in inches, 1 DO, oloctricity, C2 observations positivo, and 13 observations nogativo. Tur Gooroomjam correspondent of tho V J) Qazetle, writes on Novombor 22 -"Mr Aplin, tho Govornment goologist, is hore campod on tho crook, ho has boon round visiting all tho alluvial Holds and quartz roofs, and Ins opi mon ib not in favor of tho pormanoncy of tho local ty aa a payable field Ho Bays that tho gold alroady found has boon thrown out by loaders and lodos, but that no payablo reof will bo found in tho neighborhood No now ground has boon struok, aud what fow pooplo aro still hero aro busy washing in tho crook and Gtormtn Gully, most of thom having to hump thoir wash dirt a considoroblo distanco Gooroomjam is onothor instonco of the patchy nature of tho Quoonsland gold fields, and so long as mon seo a prospect of bettering thomsolves ra othor colo nies not many will remain in tho chance of anothor Gympio turning up Mr Aplin will cause a rogular cloar out from this Thoro aro a fow who aro content to piok up a hundred a year with a little trouble THE Cleveland Bag Express, of the 14th ultimo says -" News reached Townsville during the week to the effoot that an important discovory had boon made on tho Burdekin, m tho vioinity of Elphinstone Crook and tho Roby Range, situated about ona hundred miles from town It appears that Bomo mon who havo ' boen working in tho neighborhood for a wook or two have got on to payablo ground, and havo Bold gold at tbo stations in ordor to pay for thou* rations They state that thoy havo pros 1 pectod the crook for four milos, and obtained a I good prospect wherever thoy sunk. Thoro is a considerable dopth of was.li dirt, and tho sink . ing is vory shallow. From what wo can ascertain thore sooms to bo little doubt that tho j ground ib nob. and oxtonBivo onough to onablo a moderate number of diggers to got wages ' Newe) from tho Gdbert is anxiously lookod for r as it is confidently anticipated that Mr Dam 1 tree's party will, ore thoy havo boon at work many -weeks, drop upon something good. On tho aftornoon of Novombor 9 one of the so verost hailstorms known in tho colony took placo at Gympie Upwards of ton minutes prior to its first brooking out, a distant rumblo of wind was heard, gradually incroasing in power, till on roaohmg tho culminating point, a tremondous downfall took placo, almost rivalling in its in tonBity tho celobrated BriBbano Btorm of somo yoars smco For about ton minutes tho ground looked like a forest after a snow storm, tho ground boing htornlly covered with tho fall. Lumps averaging an moll and a half to two inches in dmmotor woro vory plentiful, and hardly a pioco was smallor than a pigeon's ogg. We fMarylorouyh CkromcleJ oro informed on authority that cannot bo questioned, that the Polynesians latoly in tho omploy of tho Mary- borough Sugar Company, rathor than return to thoir work, havo boon living on horbs and grass for tho pust month Thoy woro, in faot, in a stato of almost starvation whon tho ringleaders of tho stnko wero brought boforo tho Police Mogistiato in town Wo aro not aworo whether thoy havo boon offered any food by porsons in ohargo at tho Sugar Factory, but it is ovident from tho dotorimnod and infloxible tompor oxhibitod by thcso mon, who toko thoir stand on what they conceive to bo thoir just rights, that if thoy thought that thoir accept anco of food mvolvod any sort of obligation to continuo in tho donor's omploy, thoy would die rathor than parlnko of it No doubt romains on any ronsoniiblo mind that the most lamont ablo misunderstanding, if nothing wor»o, has provnilod respecting tho torm of their agree- ment, and that on leaving thoir native islands thoy woro ra ronhty lod to bohovo that their poriod of absonco would not excood twolvo 1 moona," equal to about olovon montliB Tho dond lock is now completo, as the mon aro do toi miued not to givo way, and hull tho ohanco of imprisonment as a roloaso from thoir prosont pitiablo condition At tho aamo timo, tho cir- cumstance is a neavy loss to tho Maryborough Sugar Company, who onnnot bo cxpectod to bo nt the solo elim go of so mauy idle mon, or at tho expenso of Bonding them home boforo the oxpiration of tho term foi which thoy woro hired A n oro awkward situation on tho wholo oan hardly bo concoivod, and wo concoivo tho oaao to bo ono for Govornmont intorforonco, if only for tho anko of vindicating tho wlnto man's atuso of pistico, which, in their oyes, lins suffered much discredit as may seriously compromiso, in limo to come, tho lid vantages gonerally expected fiom tho introduction of this class of labor Light vobsoIs, not ovorburdutod with cargo, aro constantly going to Now Caledonia and other »landa in tho neighborhood , mid tho oxponso of forwarding thcso mon under Govornmont Bupor vision would not ho grout, while the impression which Buch an not of morey would produco on thou follow countryman would meal ulably facilitate futuro doahngs with thom An oppoi tunity would also ho ullbrdo 1 for dissonunnting moro correct informal ion lolutivo to tho naturo and (1 illation of tho conhaots than appears at proBont lo prevail in that neighborhood ipi opos of this subjoct, it is proper to mention that on a provious olchbioh, whon somo of tho Polyntsums weio bl ought down to Mary boiongh m a vory low condition, a subscription waB got up by tho mumbois of tho polico forco to furnish thom with a hourly moal Tho last hatoh vero presontod with eomo loaves of broad by a gentleman who commissoratod thoir dis tross, whioh thoy upponrod vory thankful for Tim Queensland Timei of Novombor 21, says-"An inquiry wns lulil by tho Polico Mngistratu at tho Com t houso, y ostorday, touch mg tho death of a man named Borgin, who was found demil in a houso in Nicholas strcot, on Saturday ni(,ht It appeared from tho ovidouco that, about u fortnight ago, tho doooasod rontcd a small houso in Nicholas strcot from Mr R Hargreaves, and stnitud business as n hair drosBor On tho night of Iho 20th instant Har- greaves Baw tho deceased, and ho then mado no complaint but whon ho went to roueo lum up noxt morning botwoon 0 and IO o'elook, ho oomplainod of boing Biak Hargroaves advised lum to got up and movo about, but ho said ho was too sick Not sooing anything of him during tho day, ho ngam called on lum botneen 10 und 11 oi.loek ut night, and gotting io answer, ho pulled down n Blab and gninod ad mittnnco Ho then found Ins tonant lying on tho floor dead, and at once raisod tho alarm and sont for tho police Tho decoasod gouorally took a ¡,'asB of rum ovoiy morning Ho was last seen uhvo by a grcongrocor in Nioholas stioot, who saw linn go into his houso botwoon 12 and 1 o'olook on Saturday Dr Dor soy examined tho body whore it lay, and found no marks of violence, but thoro waB an abrasion of tho Bkin of tho faco, apparontly from friclion during a fit on tho iloor , the fooo was muoh swollon and congostod, and thoro waB a slight oftuaion of blood from tho rupture of somo small voeaol Ho was of opinion that death rosultod from an apoplootio fit, occolo îatod by destitution Tho decousod had boon a voty powerful man, mid appeared about 71 yoars of ago Sergeant Carson had tho body romovod to tho morgue A verdiot waB ro oordodin ncoordanco with tho modical tostimony Wo hoar that tho docousod had beon a soldior, and arrivod in tho colony many yoars ago " Tun following items of nows aro from the Maryborough C/uontcle of Novombor 21 - On Thursday morning John Purdie, agod | twenty two months, wub found in a water bolo at tho old brickyard noar Walker Btreot It appoars that tho mothor had Boon Iho child playing with othor childron nour tho wator bolo, and shortly afterwards missed lum, on running to tho spot olio buw dccoaBod in tho watoi, with his hoad downwards, sho immodmtcly took him out, and applied such moans of recovery as sho had hoard woro resorted to in such cusos, but without any oífcct in roBtonng animation -A shooking calamity hofol a littlo girl only throo years of ago, tho dnughtor of our rospoctod townsman Mr Southenlon, betweon 7 and 8 o'olook this morning It appoars that bIio had shppod out into tho yard and was plaving with a dog belong- ing to tho family, when a slrango black dog, dragging a pioco of chain, aa if it had rocontly broken loose, suddonly attacked tho child The brute seized hor by tho chook, lacerating it in a foarful manaor, and tearing away a portion of tho ilosh Owing to the ti moly interposition of tho nurso tho poor littlo thing oscapod with hor life, winch was vory sonously ondangorod by the savago attack of the animal, and tho wound was drcsBod and Btitchod up, and appoars to bo already healing favorably Happily no serious effects to the child's health aro approhonded, though a certain degroo of permanent disfigure- ment must, wo four, bo oxpectod If dogs of forooious and uncertain tompor muBt bo kopt at all, tho utmost precaution should bo takon to koop thom from doing miscbiof to dofencoless mombors of tho community -We havo to record an accidont whioh occurred on Thursday, at the Yululah Reservoir It appoars thata horaoaud dray belonging to Messrs Anneal and Thomas woro being omployod in gotting wator The man in chargo waB in tho act of doing some- thing to tho whoel, whon tho horse commonced backing into the water. The dray waa over- turned, and the horso, valued at £30, was drowned. Tho accident happened near the pump, on tho Gayndah road The man had a very narrow escape Wr¡ oxtract the following from tho Beaufort C/irontcle -" To what baso uaes may wo come at last About a month or six weeks ago an | agitation waa commonoed in the KoBt Riding of this shire, having for its object tho annexation of that riding to the woalthy and distinguished Bhire of Grenville Undor the ablo manage- ment of two prinoipal agitators, moetings were held, momonals signed, io, &o;, ond the two principals elected to wait as a deputation to the hon the Miniator for Mines, and of course the disaffeotod district was laid undor contribution to pay tho expensos of tho wüy principals. Fortunately, it happonod that some time after thoir election, the Melbourno Cup was to bo run for ond tho prinoipals would not bo gudty of going down muoh boforo, tbey therefore wnitod on tho Mimstor a fow days ago, met with a decided rebuff and being thoroat (not) much chagnnod, proceeded to apply a jolly good spree at the races as an emollient to thoir lacerated footings Of course, we don't moan to say the agitation has served the purpose it waa originally designed for, ' oh, no,' nor do wo wish to give the principals credit for the conception of this most original dodge to raise tho wind We wouldn't do it-such aniden would be oruel in the extreme.'* 