NOTES ON FIJI. fj)Y A ItECENT VISITOR,] I 11th July.-Stnrtoa for Vanua Lavu (or Big Land) in tho yacht South Australian, a Ano open boat of about three tons. She had been tho champion boat in Sydney and only reconlly brought in tho steamer Albion to Fiji. We loft Levuka nt IO in tho morn- ing. Before sunrise nest morning wo arrived at Vanua Lovu and stood off and on till thoro was light enough, to cnablo us find tho narrow ontranco through tho reef into what is called " Shoot's Harbour," so named after tho ownor of the plantation Wai Euku to which it prives access. Tho island of Vanua Lovu is very diD'erent in character and appearanco to tho island of Viti Lovu (or big Viti)-noxt to which it is tho largest island in tho group. It is long and narrow, about 120 miles by a breadth of 25 to 30. A lofty rango_ of hills traverses its length and gives to the island an alpino character. It abounds in beautiful valloys among tho hills and in fertilo rocessed flats between tho spur3 nonr tho sea ; but owing to its narrowness nnd general physical foatureB there aro no rivora of any sizo except tho Bua, oponing into Sandalwood Bay at the S.W. extremity of tho island. Liko tho rest of Fiji tho land is bushed and fjroen to tho summits of the hills, and tho soil of tho sea coast, consisting of decomposed coral, ia said to bo favourable to tho growth of Ia a Island cotton. Tho reef in the part wo visited, and I behove about tho inland generally, runs closo round tbo land, and between it and tho ehoro, tho sea is so shallow as to afford fow of the facilities for wator communication offorod within tho reefs of Viti Lovu, Hero and there through tho rcofi thora are narrow openings wbich enablo boats to get access to certain points on the coast, while Savu Savu anH Sandalwood Bays on the south, and Natewa Biy on the north, aro splendid har- bours, which will no doubt bo hereafter ot great value It is in Var.ua Lovu that most of tho passengers by the Albion have Bottled. My own attraction in visiting it wa? a block of land about 1500 acrss, offered for i 70 by a 6ott!er who had somo time bofore purchased it from tho native owners We landed, that is to say, walked ashore up to tho middlo in wator, at 7 a ra., wore hospitably reserved at Mr. Shoot's, and after breakfast walked a fow miles along tho coast to the westward. The bills in sorao parts como close down to tho sea. In otliors thoy leave tolerably broad arcas of lovel land. All appear suitable to tho growth of Sea Island cotton ; but land crabs ate very numerous, and will givo troublo by cuting down thoyoung plants. After the bush is woll grown they do not touch it. Tho climate is said to be good and pleasant, and tho people nil look well. The land is generally sold in sections of 2000 to 5003 acres ; tho frontage being rather narrow in proportion to depth. Ono largo section, just bought for £!i00 from a settlor, had a frontage of ouo and a quarter miles and a dopth of eoven, and may bo taken as a fair specimen of the usual proportions. Tho country has but fow whites in it at prosnnt ; but, having beon solo ted by some very desirable settlers fiom Victoria and NowSouth Wales, who came by tho Albion, it ia likoly to provo attractive to their friends For my own part, so far as I have seen, I profor tho other island of Viru Lovu, on ac- count of its moro open character, and superior facili- ties for waler communication. 13th July.-Started this morning to tho hoad of tho Natewa Bay. It foronca to a map will show that this bay cuts deep into the laud from tho north, and loaves only a fow miles between its head and tho Sou h Coast. Passed along tho beach eastward through tho properties of Mr. Norman, Mr. Murray. Mr. King, and Messrs. Seaith and Co.-all recont settlors ; also, through the block offered to mo. In tho latter I find tho hills running down too close to the sea os a rule, while tho exception consists of rahed coral beaches, which decomposition in another hundred years will probably render fertile, but which for tho prosont do not appear of sufficient valuo. Tho beach is higher about hero, and oflb'S very pretty sites for houses hereafter. Ia journeying on wo passed over somo very fino land, and found tho new arrivals by tho Albion already at work. One of them, Mr Norman, has only got h's labourers from tho opposite Bi coast about a week, and tho amount of clearing, burning, and plant- ing dono in that short limo is wonderful, and only to be accounted for by tho soft nature of tho timber cleared, In November or December, this gentleman will be picking the first of his cotwn-the seeds of which are now only being put into the ground. Thcro bas been a good deal of lighting among tho coast nativos on this island within the present year. The result is depopulation in parts, while some of tho row settlors have not only got tho land, but the empty houses roidy for their occupation, upon it, Mr. Nor- man has thu» a wholo town on his land, with some good dotachei houses, 'near one of which a mound in- dicates tho burial placo of its recently slaughtorod in hab'lants. Passing through magnificent groves of ivy, and nurnorous deserted plantations of breadfruit, bananas, taro, and yams, wo turned inland, and after a stiff walk ovor very broken country, roached a deserted town on tho suffirait of a high bill overlooking Natowa Bay. At our feet lay a lino Hat of, perhaps, a thousand acres. Boforo us lay tho still, unruffled waters of tho bay, somo fifteen milos broad and twenty flvo to thirty miloi doep. Thu country is in evory other direction hilly and broken, and thc towns in tho neighbourhood deserted orin ruins Tno worker of this desolation is old Tui Savu Savu, oh ¡of of tho district of that nama. Thc town, om d tho half-burnt ruins of wbich wo aro standing, was inhabited only two months ago, and its chief Dali Savana, living mid happy nmong his people. Attacked by old Tui Savu Savu, thero was, on both sidos, an iinmeneo cxpondi tu'0 of bad ammunition fired from seven-nod six- penny vnubkots at SOO and 400 yards' range. This is the icvariab'o style of Fiji warfaro BÍUCO they havo exchanged clubs for guns It leads to much noise but does no mischief. That comos aft<>r tno fight, when one of tho parties, cither from deficiency in ammunition or having takon fright, is induced to surrender. Woo then to tho conquered I Death or slavary is tho only choico beforo mom. When this town of Buli Savana had to be abandoned, iti chiof ordered tho people to fly, but declared that ho, having boon born them and his fathu s having diod thoro, would not leavo it in his old ago. Calling his family and trico mound him, he ordored a gravo to be dug, bid thom an affectionate good-byo, and sitting in the grave, calmly awaited tho onslaught of his enemies who ruthlessly despatched bim as he lay. Wo woro shown tho grave of poor Buli Savana, and the gentle- man who told us tho story vouched for its truth. * It often recurred to my mind, whon hoaring Fijimm accused of bolng arrant cowards, and caused mo to doubt whether tho want of confidence in ihoir weapons is not olten mistaken for want of courage-an old dolusion in dealing with natives, but nono tte lose fatal in many cases for all that. Aa thoro wai no path in crossing to Natewa Bay wo took with us a guido-a smart, epry, and muecular Fijiman -whom wo picked up by tho wny. Ho was dressed with a " Liku'' (as tho sulu is called when made of coloured grasses _ or ehreddtd bark, instead of cotton print), and carried a common Birmingham musket, .villi its bright barrel and brats mountings »crupu Inusly clean. None of our own party was armed. It is unusual for white men to carry any other wtnpon than a sheath knife for fccneraf use, nor in it con sidorod nooessnry to do so in travelling amené; "Lotuod" natives in any part of Fiji. I may add' that thara aro comparatively few heathens in the . country, and thoy aro confined to the mountains of Oin ? interior. Mot a considerable number of women and children on tho way, and hero and there a few mon. Tha men aro very civil, and when they had bananas or yams, offered na somo. It is ooneidored tho right thing always to accept, at least, in part. Tho mon in this portion of the island are fro. quontly of a lighter colour than thoeo of "Viti Lovu. This is attiibutod to tho intcrrsixturo of Tongans, who, havo acquired a strong hold in tho windward islands, and whoso position is peculiar. They aro a, far superior race intellectually and physically to tho Fijians. Partly by tho marrmgo of Tongan women with tho nativo chiefs, and partly by aid rendered in war, thoy havo gained great influoncs nnd a good deal of land._ Maafu-a soion of tho ltoyal family of Tonga- is Bottled on tho island of Vanua Balavu,. or " Long Land," and is the most powerful chief in tho * windward group . Ho acts aa a hind of deputy to King Georg'o of Tonga, and rocontly hoisted the Tonga . flog. Tho Tongan Qovernmont, however, instructed him to haul it down, probably fearing that they might bo brought into collision with the wbito mon. Thoy nt tho same time informed Maafu that if any of tho chiefs in that part of Fiji wished to form a confederation, and oleclod a head of whom they approved, tho Qovernmont would assign lo tho con- federation all tho Tongan territories in Fiji. This occurred only a fow months ago, and no action had yet beon talton, or at all events, if taken, tho results had not become known. Throughout Fiji ono meets with theso Tonga pooplo What thoir position in isolated cates may be, it is difficult for a etrangor to find out As a caso ia point, on my first visit to Bau I mel ono of thom strutting about with [an air of im- mense importance among the chiefs there. A Ben of Cako Bau's had a rifle givon to him by a captain of ono or our men-of-war, and asked mo to try it. Tho Tongan was sent for ammunition, and brought a cartridge, whioh ho throw towards mo as we sat in the mat in the samo ahrupt manner I had ok. served thnt tho ebiofe adopted whon thoy throw any- thing to their slaves. I lot thocartridgo lie, and an awkward pauso was broken by Cako Bau's son Timothy faying something to tho Tongan I could not understand, and with a good-natured emile packing up thc cartridgo and hnndisg it to rae. A fortnight after, ruy Tongan friond came up to tho other ratu (Timo- thy's) at Wai Mnnou, and was remarkably civil when I called thero. During tho evening Timothy's wife, who eat playing with tho baby, and nt tho eamo timo smoking a cigaretto, beckoned to tho Ton- gan, who came up and bont over tho lady while he gallantly and gravely began scratching her back-a duty ho continued for soveral minutes. Then I concluded ha must bo a chief of some kind, for it is "tabu " to any but chiefs to touch a queoo woman-as tho fomalo members of chiefs' families are called-especially a queen woman of the oxalted rank of Adi Kuila Who or what my Tongan friend roally was I c >uld not find out, and mention him only to show how they porvade the islands, and aro to bo mot with everywhere. Well do tho Fijimen know, that but for the white men, tho Tongucso would long sinco have been their masters. It is quito likely tho Tonguese, on tho othor hand, bear no parti-, oular good will to thoso who haTO rendered their little game-at one time seemingly so safo-perfectly hopeless. Thoro are many Tonguese among tho nativa teachers, and somo of thom bear a high character, and aro very useful in that capacity, In tho owning wo returned to Wairuku, after a pleasant walk of twenty or twenty-five miles, much pleased with what wo Sad seon and with tho people wo had mot, whoso happy natura and unsophisticated ways make them very attractive to a visitor- It would bc moro agreeable to travellers generally if a bettor system of bridge-building were, however, introduced among thora. A cocoanut tree thrown across a broad creek, and fixed nt any chance angle, is quite cnousb. for native we, but few whito men lind it equally satisfactory For my own part, not having boen spe- cially trained for acrobatic performances, I preferred as n rulo wading through the streams, a proceeding which appeared to puzzlu tho natives exceedingly. ldth July.-Left for Levuka at daylight. Calms and light winda m^do tho passage so long that we wero glad to put in nt tho Uland ot Mnkogaint ll nt night. Matogai ls a fino island belonging to Mr. Hennings, one of tho ol lest settlors, anda morchant at Levuka. It is dls'.ant from Levuka about twonty miles. Mr. Davis, who has charge of tho portion of tho island cultivated by ¿rr. llunni:-g, kindly turned out. gava us an excellent ' pit lau feu" for supper, and very comfortable mats for tho night. WELLINGTON ELECTORATE.-Wo hopo no factious oppoiitlon will bo offered to Mr. Samuel's re election. The Bobcrtaon Administration should have a fair trial j and it would hardly be right to attempt to cripplo thom just at tho commencement of thoir labours. Mr. Saul Samuol has been a most consistent politician; indeed it would bo well for tho colony if it po.'sessid many such. During a long tera of years ho has " kept tho whiteness" ot his principles; and although his csporiouco hitherto as a financier has not been of any great extent, still wo imagine "ho will provo himself fully equal to the task of setting our commercial rola tiors on a satisfactory foundation. Ono thing, he wBl notsuffor by comparison with Mr. Eagav. Asa private oitizon. Mr. Samuol deserves well of tho pooplo of tho Wostom district generally. No moro enorgotic man has beon amongst us, nor any one who has dono so much to develops our resources. Ho hos takou a most prominent part in ovory movement formed for tho working of coppor, silver, go'd, and coal minos ; and his purso waB always ready to open up tho hidden source of wealth, which from timo to timo havo been discovered in these districts. Although not living in tho weat, ho has dono mora for it than most people in it. While others wore talking, bo was working -Anding employment for ácoros of families who otherwise would novor havo beon attracted hither. On firstly, theso grounds, and secondly, becauso after having cast our eyes round us, wo seo no ono who would so well represent tho weath and intelligence of the electorate, wo counsel the un- opposed return of Mr. Snmuol.-Dubbo Dispatch. EOEN ELECTORATE.-Aa our representativo, Daniol Egan, Esq., has accepted tho office of Postmaster. Goneral, ho will have to npp?ar before his constituents to obtain tho appioval of his conduct. Thoreforo we may ospeot a visit very abortly from thohonorablo gentleman, who no doubt will bo returned to his place in tho Assombly, as having tho full confidence and respect of his conatituenta.-Bega Gazette, JCDOE FRANCIS.-The Wagga Wagga Advertiser rogreta to hear that his Honor Judgo Franois waa taken soriously ill at Gundagai, and will bo unable to perform h's duties os judge at tho ensuing Quarter Sessions at Wagga AVngga. His place, we understand, will bo filled by Mr. Wilkinson, tho gcntloman who acted as Crown prosecutor at tho hat assizes. TOE COUNT VON AHEMS.-Some tidings, says the Brisbane Courier, have at last como to hand respecting the movomonta of tho accomplished awindlor who lately gulled so many, under tho nssumod nanio ot Count Von Attems. Captain Howe, who was in com- mand of tho Hamid's Ghost, writing from Soinorsot, on September 20, tolls bia wifo that ho has loft tho vessol, and will shortly be in Brisbane. Tho Count (?) has sot sail for tho East Indies, How many of our readers will say bon voyage? . DBATU OP MU. JonN HUHLEY:.-Mr John Hurley,, of Burrowa, diod at Yass yoaterday morning, shortly aftor midnight. Mra. Hurley and her son. arrived in Yass at 5 o'clock yestordny morning. Mr. Ifurloy had mado for himself many frieodi, and wis roîpectod by all who know him. His remains will bo. romovodto Burrowa for interment.-Qou'burn ArguB. BITE OF AN ADDER -A boy ten years of age,. name not given, but who is in the employ of John Smith, ot Molong,-while tending sheep on a station, situate on'M'Guiro'a linn of road from Grenfell to. Orange, was bitton on tho middle finger otf the right hand by a deaf adder whioh fastened on him in such a manner, that in pulling it off the fangs of the reptile tore the flesh leaving a jagged wound. The courageous little fellow sucked the wound, but finding himself getting ill from the effects of the bite, he tied, a ligature above the joint and hastened to his mother, who lived two and a half- miles from the scene of the disaster. On arrvlng at the hut he requested his mother to chop off the portion ot the finger below the ligature but her maternal instinct would not allow of her according to tho boy's request, where upon he, with the assistance at hand, performed the operation himself by means of a razor and a tomahawk. His, mother then dressed the stump and administered brandy and salt, both internally and externally, and the lad, we are informed, is perfectly cured. -Morues 