MEETING IN THE DUSII. U ' "Or courrse,'!said an old stooknian, between the whiffs of his pipe,i as he sat eomfortably by the"fire of'the 8tag's Hlead, in the town ship ofM-'-'" of course, in an old country ike New Soutli Wales,' there are plenty of yarns to be got, fit for making fito books; biut who is t6 get them,' and who Is to write.the books ?. That's the'questlon."',?L ',"And 'thlisw?s 'by, no means: a foolish ie mark ? for..whereas, nothog is more common than to read of people sitting down and tellling stories to each otherz'with an .easq and pre 'ci-on 'that wohlld make the forttnD of, an 'ordloary circulating;,' library, yet the f?ot is nbotiog is so rare as to find a person who can gise 'a detailed onougt, on the spur of the m?oment,, of. any,; interestinlg event'which he may have met with in the course of his life. lie will aay "yes I knew allabout it at the time., Dut Ithe, wf'ole matter lies lo a nut shell. i The husband, you see, was murdered \--thewife married, agaln-and ever, since that time his ghost has been seeoat night. time, drawingl beer in. the cellar, just as he used,to do when he, was alive; and that's about the whole of the matter, as far as I can .omnething of this sort It was wh b?h I said to the old stock-riler,:In th 'sittlng.room' of the 8tag's hIead, and he admitted i that he never ?ywas as" good un " hiLsel ati telling stories.l Still' be :rhadn'u gone ibout'+ the coloiess for ,the lat forty' years with his eyes shut,, andIthe thought he could remember an inolident of life hi'New Sousth Yales whrbich would Just oilt me. . ,:,til <-, +; : lMany 'years ago hbe Was travelling throigh the country some forty miles from 8ydney'In eompr?y' with two strangers who" had not been long in the Oolony; and who were on' the look ont for a cftdle-run, •. 7? Through 'many miles of' varled country the tavellet res pased until they came to one ':II'-"i ',1-~·: : of the out;ide cattle-stations. Here itbeT . found a house of betterppearsanc than osua-l It was well built'of slabs, and it contained several apartments, which was a' rarity; for at the stations generally the Lute were of one room eacb, and the sleeping accommodation consisted of aheepalios and old clothes spread accross the floor from one side to the other. But the improved appearance of tbhe dwell* logrplace . which, the travellers had ,now reached was soon explained. . The stockman, who Lad dirmounted, bad scarcely reached the door, when a young woman stepped forward ; and not only was this an agreeable aight in itself, but it seemed most particularly to astonish one of tbhe two strangers, who, after looking hard .at'the young woman's face exclaimed- .r': "What I old John 'Drien's daughter in' this out.of.the.way place I Good heavens I what shall we come across next?" I " His companion, too, bad been struck by the appearance of one of his own country women in the far.off.busb, and' as be was in advance of the other he began to inquire of her by what accident so favourable a repre sentative of old Ireland had thus reached the outside boundaries of civilization. I - "We have been transpor-," began the young woman sadly; but at this: moment she fixed her 'eyes "on the other visitor, and then she uttered hlis name-" Captain O'Connell" with astonlshment. ' " Captain O'Connel/ who'saved our lives," she went on-"and now standing at ibis door l What a sight for my husband'this blessed day" * " : Then the husband was called; tha travel. lers were welcomed with unmistakable plea sure; and the teas, the damper, and the fried beef.steak were more abundant than ever. The husband, too, tried his hand successfully at brewing a bowl of punch; and, with much Joy at the presence of the captain-to whom on some account he evidently felt himself a life-longdebtor-he promised to find his guests excellent sport the next day at kangaroo hunt ing and oppossum shooting. "But ow hbad it happened," thought the captain's travelling companions, "that two such people had become prisoners of the crown " You seem to have known our host and his wife before," said the captain's companion, as they rode out next morning. , "Yes," he replied, "it was in Ireland that the circumstance arose which broughtthe nian iMe Dermot within the reach of the law, and it was in 'connection with these circumstances that the wife had spoken of himself as a friend and a benefactor." LThe Captain then related the particulars of their offence as follows, and those particulars can be verified by published facts;:- ' . * " p u . ih I e was in command of a coast.guard station in Ireland, and bad long been on the watch for a party of smugglers, who had managed to carry 'on their depredations without being cltught; for the whole of the population' in the neighbourhood were on 'their side, and were as ready to assist them as they. were to obstructor mislead the, soldiers. Still theo ' captalin went on, in'the hope of some day catching the offenders In the act, and at last he had information,that there was a large cargo of brandy, tea, and sugar to be run, and that tbe chief actors in this affair were to be'an old smuggler-Richard Moe Dermot and his' four sons-one'of whom- Robert-- was thbe lireliest and most rattlingfoung Irishman in the country."'This young man, too;' was the favoured lorer of the danghter of a small farmner,' who' by no"mens approved of the match, and who, there is'reason to suppose, wasinstrumental' in putting the coast-guard officers on the scent of the smugglers, ,: t ' :At any.rate, the captain, with fifty 'men, was' ready at the appointed "'time, and' this force hbe took to'the spot where the landing' was to be effected. Some he stationed be hind' rocks, and the others sheltered 'them - selves in the brushwood which grew along the path, by which the contraband goods were to be cardred. : ' . / ';.' ' *:* '*-' ' The work, however, was not pleasant;.for, in addition to other disadvanltages, the night was' dark and rough, with occasional bursts of thunder and lightningi. ' But the darkness was what the smngglers requirediand towards • midnight it became evident that they did not Intend: to disappoint those who were' on the lookout for them.', First a blue light was seen for a moment or two' on the rocks, not far from the' spot' where the soldiers were lying in ambush, and this light was presently , replied 'to by a red light which flashed up seaward, 'and which for a moment' showed the'clear outlines of a lugger'at a short dis. tance off the shore,, , .Th'en: came the .sound of, footsteps and voices along the beab. 'th . ;,;' i,' . "Is it the redcoats ye see a, marchin' " "'Yes, by my soul."' ,' 2' :/ ,' ". Thln' it's the . false. signal,-at ,North Point that they'll be nfther droplping upoon. Show' the red light an' let's have theob done afore they fidd out their mistake.";; * .,?: , ; * It was the volce of .old- 'Dermot that the captain beard, and whilst.thlseconversa. tion was going on betweenthim' and his son three boats were approaching the' shore from the vessel' thatshad, shown' the signal. 'The . foremost of the' three,'in fact, was already close to the beobh, and in, a' few mfiutes the i simngglers began to.land. 'Then the captsain' ordered his'men' to move cautiously down. aut by 'some clumsy sccident a musket went' off, and nt' thls'sound, then'smuglers "took larm.":' Some rushed back to their boats,/and 'others; whibd hdadvanced 'pressed': forward to& gains a 'pathway ,whch' led. through the' scrub.;' With these the ,'soldiers' at once' closed,' 'and 'J there',.wa? . aishabrp . "t uggle In the dark--tho'rain all the time, pouring down in torrents.'' Swords 'clashed fiercely, and a plstol-shot now and then told . of close work ;ibut 'the' militarycould not havo inado niuch use of their firearms 'if they had beon'so'incloied.' It' was 'whileo. this 'rough-and-tumble 'fight was. going on i' that a pistol,was fired almost in the captain's faco;' but the shot passed over his shoulder, -, -A and struck theo man behind him full in'tho e'; breast. * Tho poor fellow fell dead.: At this *: moment the captain seized thei smuggler : who was nearest to him,' and held him with determined clutch' until,his arms and legs , had beon boundl' when,:withl one or two ; otheors who had been aecured further down ' the beach; he was removed a close prisoner., · This man was robert, Mo Dormot,- the " eldest son' of the old' mn . ho was at tho e'? bottom of all' the' mischief; aid now 'the ; charge a ainst him was +that of murderinng one?of L'Mr jt? s a 't soldlers :0: On! thkiaj *charge he was in due course tried, and as he e ,' rslsted in his refusal to tell who fired the fatal shot, though he declared that he him. sellf was innocent, the jury found him guilty, and the Judge sentenced him to death. As a. mean, too, of striking terror into the smugglers, it was ordered that the execution should take place in the immediate neigh. bourhood of the recent outrage; and hero, heavily ironed in the dungeon of an old fortress, the unhappy prisoner awaited his death. SIn chlarge of this fortress was Captain O'Connol himself, and as It was his evidence which had told most strongly against the prisoner, whom Ihe seized immodiately that the fatal shot had been fired, he had urged him earnestly'to tell the truth, and to save his own life by stating who it was that had fired off the istol. Dut the prisoner was silent and obstinato. He would not save his own life at the cost of another' s r \- The law woiud therefore take its course; but on thels night before the day of execution the captain, was intreated to let the prisoner see for the last time the young girl to whom he had hoped to be married. S he begged for this boon with tears and prayers, and at last the Sofficer c6onsented. ' The inter view took place ; and then the pci soner was left to prepare himself for death; 'b! ut before morning there was a violent outcry in the prison. First of all, the sentinel on watch was heard to fire his musket. 'Then there was a rush to that side of the old for. tress which overlooked an adjacent lake, and soon it was known that the prisoner had es . caped.' evn th t S,At this unlooked.for event the country was roused for miles round, and:the coast:was so keenly watched that it was impossible for the smuggler to get away in that direction. lie .was almost certain, in fact, to be recaptured, for.there was reason to believe that a musket. ball had hit him whilst he was crossing the lake, so. that hbe was probably too much hurt .:to make much exertion. In the meantime Captain O'Connel was . suspended for his lax notibns-and they were not uncommon in those days-of prison di.s S;cipline; and the young woman, Miary.Irien, was arrested for having aided the prisoner to escape. She had managed, in fAct, to give him a steel file on the night of their interview, and had afterwards procured n boat for him Swhen he had got off his irous and broken away one of the bars of thepris onD. SThis, then, after five or six years had e lapsed, was the young woman whom the captain and his companions now met in the far.off Australian bush; and, as she truly said, lhe had been their greatest benefactor; for if She had not granted theinterview which led to the escape, her husband, MoDlermot, instead of ,. living to be a prosperous stockownnr in SAustralia, would have perlshed on the gallows for a crime which hle had not committed. S It is true he was re.captured before he was Sable to leave the country; but, In the mean 'time, the smuggler who fired the'shot and killed the soldier came forward and confessed his crime. SThe senootence of death against 31o Dermot was therefore commuted, and he was adjudged the smaller punishment of transportation for life to the lately.founded settlement of New BSouth Wales. .Here, too, his wife, the brave hearted girl who had fought so heroically to save him from the gallows was allowed to accompany, him, and to help him to build a new home la the distant bush . 