NEWCASTLE.—FEBRTJABT 20TH. ? WBECJT AND LOSS OF TEX LIVES. TIIE Esperanza brig, belonging to Melbourne, 33akor, master, sailed from here last Wednesday for Melbourne, and met 1 the full force of the late gale. On Sunday evening the anchored inside Bird Island ; her chains parted, and the vessel drifted towards the shore. The captain's wife, on coming out of the cabin, was struck by a sea, and was washed backwards and forwards in the water on deck ; the next sea took tier overboard, aUo the ship's steward and a little child— the captain's daughter. One seaman named Peter MOBS, was washed overboard, and succeeded in reaching the shore, much exhausted. The captain, crew and one passenger were all drowned. Ten lives in all were lost. Not a vertige of the vessel is to be seen. Mr. Hargrave behaved with great kindness to the survivor, and promised to send for the bodies. The survivor walked into town this afternoon. MAITLAND.—FEB. 20. The river is falling slowly, but the backwater is rising. The weather is clear and calm, but hot. ADELAIDE.—FEB. 20 Sir Dominick Daly died to-day at twenty minutes to 2 p.m., and. the occurrence has caused universal regret. He had been ailing for some time, and this morning at half past 10, ho was seized with an attack of sickness and vomiting, which was followed by utter prostration. Dr. Gosse immediately attended, and seeing that the case was serious his Excellency's family were summoned. He was in perfect possession of his mental faculties, and quite free from uain. All the principal shops are fquite •JoBed. No minute guns have been fired, owing, it is said to the Government refusing t.> grant powder. \- Sir. C. Todd, Government Astronomer, proceeds shortly to Melbourne and Sydney, tconsult with other astronomers, with a vit-w to fixing exactly the cquatum longitude, to form a starting point in settling the l ouudary of the colonies.— Herald. THE LOWKB HAWKKKUUUY.—Mr. Pidtiin^ton, M.L.A., accompanied by Mr. Dean, <A' Windsor, have just returned from a visit i<> the lower part of the Ilawkesbury Biver. The distress among the poorer claBS of settlers is very severe, many being without flour, moat, potatoes, or pumpkins. Fortur.;Ue!y, Mr. Piddington had despatched a small quantity of Hour and beef, which arrived just before the commencement of the recent flood, communication being cut off by the uatcrs between the lower portion of the river and Windsor. The flood at the Mae- Lvaald, the Colo, Rnd Webb's Creek, will be most dos!motive to the crop of corn, the • hope of the poor settlers in these rivers ; tl-.ey will be absolutely dependent for many • •outlis upon aid from tho public However, is consolatory to know that there is a considerable balance in one of our banks invested by the trustees. This reserve is entirely due to the care and judgment displayed by the executive committee administering th Flood Belief Fund of 1867, a strong pu-Bsure having been used to induce the committee to difburse,all the funds entrusted to their charge. The residents of Sydney would be surprised to see the strange places occupied by some of the people as a refuge from the flood waters. Mr Dean saw in one of the crecks between two lofty mountains, at tho height of some fifty feet above the hut hastily abandoned, a family of women and children sheltered in the cavity of a huge rock known as a " gibber," where they had spent the previous night,'one of the women having to place herself upon the lower part of the sloping lodge to prevent the young children from falling over the precipice whilst they slept. Mr. Piddiugton is about to send up nil additional supply of flour and beef by the first vessel. The loss of crops in the neighborhood of Windsor, Pitt Town, Coruwallis, South Crock, Wilberforce, and Freeman's ltcacli will be very great, the most hopeful estimating the one fourth only of the corn may bo savedHerald. ? ? A foolish fellow went to the parish priest and told him, with a very long face, that he had seen a ghost. " When and where ?" said the pastor. " Last night," replied the timid, " 1 was passing by the church, and up against the wall of it'l didbeholdthespectre." " In what shape did it appear ?" " It appeared in the shape of a great ass," was the reply. " Go home, and hold your tongue Bboot it," replied the pastor, "you area very timid man, and have been frightened by your own shadow." A " PECULIAB" OVSTEB.—Oysters areuuiversally eaten in New York. They certainly deserve the praise accordcd to them, though most of them might bo thought too nearly the Bize of pies to bo agroeable to tho lover of the little Whitatablo native. A somewhat peculiar story is told in reference to this particular ; and, if the reader will pardon tho vulgarity of it, it is worth repeating for its suggestive oualitios. A Frenchman went unto one of tiie oyster saloons for a dozen of oysters; he preferred tho largo ones, and swallowed eleven somewhat smaller than a choose plate, with much ruli«h. As tho barkeeper handed him the twelfth his eyes glistened at itsmagniticcnt proportions, for it far exceeded the largest of thoso already disposed of. " lion, bon, e'est matftiifiqur!" saidberapturously; nml,making a prodigious effort, he succeeded in getting it down. The barkeeper watched him anxiously, and,seeing his success, exclaimed—" Wall, I guess you are the smartest feller 1'vfe seen this long while. Why, I've had thirteen persons her? who tried to swallow that there oyster, and every one of them was obliged t 0 give it up as a bad job !" The Frenchman's feelings may be imsgiaed. 