The functions of the Press are really so much misrepresented, that we really hardly know how to place our opinions before our readers. One set of men say we are to guide —another set of men say we should reflect— public opinion. Now the truth is, that the public rarely forms any opinion on the subjects that come legitimately before it; and this holds good, most especially in the colonies. Supposing ARISTOTLE could come back in the flesh and contest the Northern Downs with Mr. BELL and Mr. THORN, would the old ugly bald headed Stagyrite stand even the ghost of a chance? The personal graces of ALCI BIADES, and the wealth and grandeur of PLATO, were they proposer and seconder, would go to the wall. Our people would not know them, and there would be an end of the matter. But for what measure of knowledge we all have, we should be prepared account. The electors of the Northern Downs have the usually limited choice, and they should exer cise a fair judgment. What can their repre sentative do for the general good of the whole community? And, secondly, what can he do in virtue of that power for themselves? They are bound to remember this, that if they send the worst candidate in they damage their own interests and disgrace the colony as well. So far as we learn at present there will be only two candidates— Mr. BELL and Mr. THORN. We don't quite like Mr. BELL'S associates in political life—nor are we quite sure that in his good nature he was not too often led by his subordinates—but Mr. BELL when he comes under this doubt, simply sub mits to the destiny of all public men. He has been Colonial Treasurer—not a very effi cient one possibly, but still Colonial Treasurer —and that for a long time. He is historically a public man, and as a public man, is exposed to more, severe scrutiny and more rigid canvass than falls to the lot of those who are mere members of the Assembly and vote as they like—or as they are told. Mr. THORN is a young man of moderate attainments and considerable opportunities. He, so far as we learn from "Hansard," was a silent member, and perhaps wisely. He has good common sense, and having that good common sense, he may yet become a wise if not an eloquent representative. We confess to a great liking for him as a resident in the neighborhood, and we believe that he earnestly wishes for the advancement of this colony. To secure its prosperity we think he wonld forego any personal gain. He very properly prides himself upon being a native, and he is one of those men who, having decided upon a line of action, is not likely to swerve from it through timidity. He has issued his ad dress, and the last thing he will now think of will be to retire from the contest. We cannot say of Mr. BELL "superfluous lags the veteran on the stage," but he is an experienced man. Locally, he has equal, or perhaps superior, claims to Mr. THORN. On the broad ground of public position, there can be no comparison. But Mr. BELL must speak out. He enjoys in this an advantage over his opponent, for he can say what he means in un mistakable language. He must tell us what he intends to do—not merely what he intends to vote for—as eminently a representative man. The Land Bill is a fact ; he will tell us how we are to amend its defects and secure its honest administration. In the redistribution of seats, he will not only try to secure for the Northern Downs and for Dalby their just rights, but he will be good enough to tell the whole colony what he would wish for their benefit. He will say something on the comple tion of the railways, in which here we are almost equally with Warwick and Brisbane interested, and he will tell us what, from his position he can well do, how to utilize our credit to the best possible advantage, not only of the colony, but of the district he seeks— and very properly—to represent. As has been his position, so are his responsibilities. What Mr. HENRY THORN may think, we say, is a small matter compared with the utterances of the ex-Colonial Treasurer of Queensland. And it is a small matter thus. The London capitalist receives his paper at home. He knows nothing of Messrs. BELL or THORN, but he does know something, of the value of Queensland debentures. When the late Colo nial Treasurer says something the capitalist wipes his spectacles and looks rather curiously at his sayings, for the late may some day become the present Minister, and his words and his actions may affect the value of the security. Mr. BELL'S speech on the hustings at Dalby may not strike his hearers as of so much value; but his before time position sends his words home to be heard even there, and perhaps better appreciated. We hardly think Mr. THORN'S eloquence would stretch so far. If it does, we shall be glad to recognise its value. If it were possible that the electors could, we should be glad to see them recognize the value of public men. Frankly, we don't quite like some of Mr. BELL'S opinions—at least, as we have heard them. But it is something to have a man of ability to represent our local interests ; and after all, our interests are, to a great extent, local. If we can get our member to work for us, then we to a certain extent get him to work for the colony. Who, then, is likely to be the most efficient member? It will rest with the electors to say whether it is Mr. BELL or Mr. THORN. 