THE BISHOP OF LICHFIELD AT ST. PETER'S. His Lordship the Bishop of Liohfield preached again Monday evening. The church selected for the occasion was St. Peter's, and, as was to be expeoted, there was an immense crowd present, not only tho pews and aisles being orammed, but even tho doorways, and many had to go away. There was fall choral evening service. The Rev. H. H. Handfield, the incumbent, read such of the prayers as were not intoned ; and the Rev. Messrs Gre gory and Bardin read the epistle and gospel at the communion table. Tho Bishop preaohed from Acts, chap, x, verse 34, 'Then Peter opened his mouth, and said, ' Of a truth I perceive that God is no renpeotor of persons ; but that in every nation he that feareth Him and worketh righteousness is accepted of Him.'' The preacher's object was evident the moment the text was announced. In the course of his evangelical labors he has too often encoun tered the unohristian spirit of exolusivenessand contempt for inferior races not to feel that it is anobstaolo in the way, calling for stern re buke, and he did rebuke it in whatever form it is apt to manifest itself. Two passages in tho sermon were specially memorable. Referring to the argument in support of slavery deducedfrom the inferiority of the African race, he exclaimed in tones tremulous with emotion : ' And this was the argument used by men whose Anglo-Saxon forefathers, at the very time when St. Peter was taught the lesson that God is no respeoter of persons, were regarded as the most abjeot savagcB that were brought into the Roman Blave market !' The other re markable paesage waB at the close of the sermon, when, taking up tho prevalent no tion that the aboriginals of Austra lia are utterly nncivilisable, and had better be allowed to die oat th«n be bothered with attempts on our part at converting thorn, he denied the inherent incapacity attributed to them, questioned the inevitableness of the doom assigned to them, hinted that it was a question to bo left to Providence ; and finally implored his hearers that, just as a mother did not de spise her dying child, but rathor prayed the moro earnestly tho noaror its doath seemod approaching, so might they never cease to pray and tabor for the conversion of the blacks so long aa a single family of th race was left in the land. At the close of the sermon a collection was made in behalf of the Melanesian Mission. The Bishop then pro nounced the benediction and the large con gregation dispersed. PRESENTATION QE ADDRESSES. : A large body of the clergy and laity after the sermon adjourned to the school-roo.m, for the purpose of presenting addresses to his Lordship. The school-room was densely crowded. His Lordship tho Bishop was addressed by the Rev. Mr Chase, on behalf of the clergy, in the following terms :— Right Reverend Father in God, I have been requested by tho Very Reverend tho Dean of uioiuuuriiB, ana Dy ino clergy present on this occasion, to present to you an address. The Dean requests me to state that sudden illness prevents him, to his great regret, from being present on this occasion, and he fears that the same cause will prevent him accompanying you on your embarkation. I have also to express regret on the part of a large body of the clergy that the opportunity of seeing and hearing your Lordship waB not afforded to all in the diocese, for I feel confident that without an exception their names wonld have been added to the address which I am about to read. ' To the Right Reverend Father in God, George Augustus, Lord Bishop of Lichfield Primate of New Zealand.— May it please your Lordship,— We, the priests and dea cons ef the diocese of Melbourno, are most thankful to have this opportunity of welcoming your Lordship among us, and, brief as your stay necessarily is, we are glad that we are per mitted to tender to you an assurance of the profound respect and esteem in which you are held by us, in common with our brethren in the church at large. It did not, indeed, need the gratification of seeing you face to face to make your Lordship known and esteemed among us. The remembrance of this pleasure will but strengthen those ties by which you are already bound to the members of all the branches of our church in these colonies. We desire to express our thankfulness to Him from whom all good counsels and all righteous works proceed for your abundant labors in New Zealand, for the love of souls which im pelled you again and again to sail in a frail vessel to those islands of the Pacific where Christ had never been named, and for your wisdom in selecting as your coadjutor and successor in this wide mission Bishop Pat terson, who readily forsook all that he might follow his Lord to the uttermost ports of the earth. We will endeavor to re member that the founder of the Melane sian mission has pointed out to the Austral asian Church that it is her duty to fester it ; and we hope that tidings which you may re ceive from time to time in your English home of an increasing zeal on behalf of the work which the head of the Church enabled you to begin, may show that we are grateful for the gift of him who glorified the name of the Lord in the isles of the sea. Nor while we offer our hearty congratnlations to your Lordship on your having been translated to an ancient Eng lish 'see we feel that you are lost to the colonies. Your translation to Lichfield is a gratifying evidence that the church in the colonies ia re garded as in all essentials one body with the ohurch at home. Accept eur assurances that our prayers shall not be wanting to Almighty God our Heavenly Father that Ho would make your voyage to England safe, and in all things direct your way before you and have you in His most blessed keeping. — We subscribe our selves your Lordship's affectionate friends and servants.' [About 40 signatures were at tached.] Rev. J. Potter, of Ballarat, addressing his Lordship said : As one of the up-country clergy, I have been requested to express the great re gret that is felt by the clergy in the country that they have not had an. opportunity, owing to time and circumstances, of signing the address. At the same time, I feel that it is a duty which I am honored in performing, to say that we felt that, in your Lordship's appoint ment to an English diocese, a great act of justice has been done to the colonial ohurch, and that the English church has acknow ledged the greatest effort made in modern times to spread the Gospel of Jesus Christ. We feel joy beyond measure at your Lordship's appointment to the see of Lichfield. With regard to your Lordship's visit, we feel that it is something to be remembered during our lives, and the grace we have received, and the words you have spoken will be enduring things amongst aa. Not only do we feel our selves more closely bound to the mother church than before your appointment, but we also feel that you have been the caase of stirring np our zeal for our Lord and Master, and have inspired us with new enthusiasm for His holy work. We ask your prayers and your blessing. Sir Wilwam Staweli. (the Chief Justice) then advanced, and read the following address on behalf of the laity:— 'To. the Right Reverend George Augustus, Lord Bishop of Liohfield, Metropolitan of New Zealand, — As laymen of the Church of England in the diocese of Melbourne, we desire to take the opportunity given us by your Lord ship's short stay to avow the deep veneration and affection with which you are regarded by us, in common with the whole Anglican com munion. To attempt to approach you with terms of panegyric would be an impertinence on our part ; but when we think of your labors in New Zealand for so many years, of the incroaso of its episcopate by means of your Lordship's efforts, of your voyages to the islands of tho South Pacific, aud of your origination of a mission in those * regions be yond . you,' we are constrained to bless the Giver of all good, who wrought effectually in him who has been lately styled in the palpit of his own university ? our Augustine of tho South.' Your Lordship's appointment to the see of Liohfield has gladdened the hearts of our brethren in England, who, we rejoice to learn, have readily responded to year call to them to take part in conferences in the diocese over which we pray that you may long preside. Wo may be permitted to express our hope that an association such aa that which your Lordship has so happily inaugurated, may eventually become the rule in every diocese of our communion, and that the united counsels and exertions of clergy and laity may tend to the supply of what is wanting in oar churoh, and to the strengthening of what remains in it. We Bubsoribe ourselves with great reupect, your Lordship's dutiful ser vants. [About 500 signatures were attached.] His Lordship Bishop Seiavyn, having re ceived the addresses, replied : — My dear friends and brethren both of tho clergy and laity, there is something peculiarly toaohing to my mind iu tho manner ia which theao two addresses have been presented) because they seem so completely to carry out) what has been our endeavor for many years past, viz., to unite the clergy and laity with their bishops in a more cordial co-operation for the better carrying into effect the work of Christ. This has been the main object of that Bynodical system which ' has been established in the Australian colonies ' and in New Zealand. It is the same system : whioh the address read by Sir William Stawell ; states has been carried out in an English dio cese. There are, in fact, two or three English dioceses in which a system of the same kind has been established, and the effect is this, that it has secured to us that benefit from which we have felt the blessed fruits in this coantry, in the assistance of the faithful laity with the clergy in carrying out the work of the Church. From the first day I went to New Zealand, I had' the frank and cordial support of the late Chief Justice of New Zealand, Sir William Martin, and you have the assistance of your Chief Justice, Sir William Stawell, and other Judges, laymen in the church. Another point alluded to in the addres, which commends itself dacply to my heart, is the mention that is made of the Melanesian Mission. I do not consider it necessary to commend that work to you for any greater interest than you feol at present. I have found how deeply tho charac ter of Bishop Patterson has impressed itself on all your minds, and his loving spirit, his self-denial and his humility are known and folt by all those who have been brought into contact with him, or who have heard his addrossos wherever delivered. I have no doubt that you will continue to support him, and that in the words of the second lesson read to night, you will esteem him very highly, and love him for his works' sako. I consider no greater blessing could be granted to any maa than to have Bishop Patterson for a coad jutor. But in speaking of him I would rather add to his name all those whom God hath given to us in this country since Bishop Broughton's ar rival in it. When I first came to Sydney, in 1842, Bishop Broughton was the only bishop in these vast regions. He stood alone with a small body of faithful men, whilst now we have to thank God that the diocese over which Bishop Broughton then pre sided is divided into nine bishoprics in Aus tralia and five in New Zealand, besides tho : Melanesian Mission, presided over by Bishop Patterson, making fifteen bishops united. Tho field which twenty-six years ago was entrusted to one man has wonderfully increased, and ; there has been an increase of the clergy in like proportion. There are now, I believe, in Victoria 114, and in New Zealand, I be lieve, 105 clergymen, so that the clergy have multiplied twentyfold by the division of tho . diocese. But when I speak of the number of the clergy, I feel how deeply I need your prayers when I tell you that the number of tho clergy of all Australia and Now Zealand united are not quite equal to my own clergy in the diocese of Lichfield. You will understand why I desire your prayers for the support of God's spirit in the new work which I have under taken, when I mention that I have the charge of 900 clergy, of 600 parishes, and a pastorate of 1,200,000 souls. I might have Bhrunk from ? the duties involved upon me had I beon left to my own choice. But it was placed upon ? mo by an authority to which I could offer no opposition, and I accepted it in the firm reli ance that God would give me a larger mea sure of grace to enable me to perform the work. I shall never cease to think of these Australian colonies, and of my diocese of New Zealand. I am thankful I have ccme among you even for so short a time, to talk with you as friends, so that we may remain united in heart, though separated by half the circumference of the globe, and offering up our prayers to tho same Throne of Grace look forward to the time when we shall meet together before that Throne, and enter into thatkingdom, from which there will be no separation, where all will be united one with another, and with that God TirVin Tifla mnrfA rta t\rta na TTa nnr] TTia f3nn ll^iw »«i*u **CMl«w IAD VT.UO, VLB .^jlv UUU U1O M\JH are ono. I beg you most affectionately to ac cept my parting blessing. May tho grace of onr Lord Jesus Christ, and the love of God, and the fellowship of the Holy Ghost be with you all evermore, Amen.' His Lordship shook hands with several of tho clergy and laity, and afterwards withdrew. 