NOT AN UNCOMMON CASE. (From the Empire.) A few days since a number of persons assem bled round a woman who had an infant in her arms, and who was sitting near the entrance gate to the Benevolent Asylum, Pitt-street, weeping bitterly. As much commisseration appeared to be manifested by the bystanders, principally females, a more formal inquiry into the cause of her distress was made, and the following are the leading facts :— About four years ago this young woman— for she is only twenty-six, tall, and somewhat handsome in features— became acquainted with a young man who resided with his parents at Farramatta. After a few months' courtship she was married. Her husband's father had property, a portion of which he gave to his son, who was in respect able employment as clerk and book-keeper in a woollen establishment at Parramatte. For a time the husband of the woman, whose story is now related, lived on the most affectionate terms with his wile, who, about two years and eight months ago, gave birth to a little girl About eighteen months ago, she gave birth to a second child. The husband, however, between the birth of his first and second child, abandoned oimseu u) uniiK, ν uiuaitiLeiy lostuia situation. He then became cruel to his wife, and during big fits of intoxication would break nearly every thing in the house. At length he squandered in dissipation all the property left to him by his father. When there was nothing but misery, desolation, and unhappiness in his once com fortable home — when he had exhausted the aid and patience of his parents— when there was not even a crust of bread in the house for his wife and children, he suddenly disappeared. His wife, thus left destitute, and in a critical condi tion, left Parramatta for Sydney, where she had hopes of finding a friend, or obtaining employ ment. She found friends, but among those who were themselves in the midst of poverty. She heard once or twice from her husband, but re ceived nothing. She stated her case when starvation absolutely stared her in the face, to Captain Scott, P.M., who granted a warrant against her husband for wife desertion. The warrant was placed in the hands of tbe police, who, so far, have not succeeded in carrying it into effect. About two months ago she gave birth to a third child, and her condition being so desti tute, a neighbour drew the attention of the Rev. T. O'Reily of St. Andrew's who caused her to be attended to, during her confinement, by the friends in connection with the Dorcas Society. A little shop, in which she sold sweetmeats and vegetables, helped to stay off the day of starva tion for e time. Her eldest child became a pet among tbe neighbours, and loved for its winning ways and flaxen hair, which hung in a cluster of curls nearly to ber shoulders. If she re ceived a flower, or a piece of ribbon, she would dance with delight, and run to her mother, whom she would press to take it The profits of the shop, however, were totally inadequate even to allow her to pay rent. With three small children she could do but little. At length when all her means had failed, she accepted the advice of friends, and yesterday took her two eldest children to tbe Benevolent Asylum, where they were admitted in due form. When the mother was about to leave the institution the two children, especially the eldest, cried most bit terly. The mother hesitated ; she wept with ber children ; she could only take them to perish with hunger, and to leave them she thought would break her heart One of the women employed in the institution took the little girl, ana without much ceremony, and before the mother's eyes, cut off the curls of which both mother and child had been so prond ; then closely cropped the younger child, and removed hem both, to the lavatory, where they still cried to the mother for succour. But the mother could bear it no longer. She fled with her infant in hopes of getting home and receiving the sym pathy of those with whom she was living ; out she had not proceeded many yards from the Atitraniv 0lLf» rififnn* tilp vinlfKIMA nf finr nna. turns compelled her to atop. She sat down under the fence, and gave full expression to her wnnnded feelings by a flood of team 'It was hard,' she said, to part from fatter and mother ; but to part with my children— Oh, it will break ray heart!' She was kindly assisted home, and encouraged to sustain herself under the affliction that had overtaken her, reminded that her children would be looked after; that she could see them every month ; that she had now a better opportunity of working in service for a livelihood ; and that her husband might some day be found and brought back to her. If he should ever read this narrative, as he is likely to do, he will perhaps think of hu little ones, and make atonement, for 'it it never too bite to mend.'' LmuBY FoBonm.— Forgery, by-the-bye, appears to be a favourite pastime with some people. The TVmes was mad* tbe subject of an cSerboax«fUiisfa*ndaieotlierday. There is in ttntosioc -*- curtain twrrnrmiTi tv wocwifitL called the Credit FoiieuirorBn^siid, limited, of which James Stuart Wottleywas at one time chairman, and is now, or was lately, a director. TJusonmnmrwasrtaMtameiiippMedtobein aflMriabwgooftditwn, and to bnekmglaKe profit*. OatbatjOT»TO^tta^itiiaa«ggd}tSe omctors i™!*! oifiRTlfM**!**' sums vf *M3T of coannission on tbe profits earnel & turns qaL however, thrt the gains werenatge«uine,ao3th company is in difficulties. The f imet published a powerful 'leader' urging tt« directors to refund their commission in order to make up tbe losses of the shareholders, and tnerenpon re ceived a letter from Lowestof. signed 'J. Stuart Wortley,' admitting that tbe commission had not been fairly earned, promising to refund at least /l 6,000, asMr.Wortley'sshare, 'as soon as pecuniary arrangements could be completed.'* Of coarse, the Times published this letter with much satisfaction, and several of the papers sang a psean in honour of Mr. Wortlejr's high honour commercial rectitude, magnanimity, and so forth. Bat it tarns out to be au a hoax. The letter was a forgery, has been disclaimed by Mr. Wort ley, who declares that he has not received and does not mean to refund, any such sum as £18,000. So the shareholders' hopes have vanished into thin sir, unless, indeed, they get something out of another director, Mr. Stuart Lane, who acknowledges to the receipt of some thing over .£4000, and promises to refund that when the charge against die directors has been proved— to his satisfaction.— Illustrated Tmet. The Wedding-kino is England.— An old English ritual required the ring to be placed successively on the thumb, the forefinger, and the middle finger to symbolise tbe doctrine of the trinity. This was to be done as the words, ' In the name of the Father, Son, and Holy Ghost' were pronounced, and with tbe word 'Amen,' the ring was to be placed on the fourth finger, where it was to remain. The old writers on this subject delight in finding mys tical reasons for every part of the marriage cere mony, and not content with repeating the ancient superstitions respecting the left hand, they declare, in addition, that this hand was chosen as inferior to the right, in token of the servitude and subjection into which the bride is brought by matrimony. Dr. Johnson appears to have held a similar opinion, since he some where defines a ring as ' circular instrnment, placed upon the noises of hogs, and the fingers of women, to restrain them and bring them into subjection.' Wedding rings were not always worn plain, as now, but at one time more nearly resembled modern betrothal tokens in bem chased, set with stones and inscribed with emblems and mottoes ? The ring is used in all ceremonies of Christian marriatre. except in the Society of Friends ; but even Quaker ladies wear a wedding ring after, although H is not employed during the marriage ceremony. I am informed that tbe wedding ring does not obtain amongst the Mormons ; probably from economi cal reasons. It has been remarked already that there is no trace of this custom in tbe Talmud, nor in ancient Jewish history j but tbe modern Jews have not only adopted the wedding ring, but make it a most important feature in their marriage service. According to the ordinances of modern Judaism is is required to be of certain value. In the English church, a ring is abso lutely necesBary to the ceremony, but, as no metal is specified, silver, copper, or iron is as allowable as gold. In Ireland it is not uncom mon, lam told, for the same ring to be used for rnany marriage ceremonies, which ring remains in the custody of (the priest. — ' The Wtddinp ring: Its History, Literature and Superstitions BetpnAing it.' 