ADELAIDE; (iirom our own Correspondent.). ? July 7, : 1868. The Government Iiave; at length fixed upon a dnte for the convocation of Parlia ment. . The mail arrived .'punctually on Sunday and did not bring any. news of a now Governor-no, not even a continuation of tlie rumours regarding Mr. Pope Hennessy. Disraeli and his colleagues were too deeply engaged in a struggle lor their own Govern mental existence to be'able to, pay much attention to South Austral ia's position. The tenacity with which they have clung to office after repeated' defeats which would have knocked the life out of ordinary Ministries, is a great lesson for Colonial administra tions. Fellows and his comrades in Victoria may point cxultingly to what is a counter part to their own anomalous position,.with this difference, that in- their- "case an emer gency justifies extremo measures, whilst the Tory Ministry have nothing but personal patriotism to-plead in excusofor their policy. But whether or not South Australia is to re main for a little longer under, itsinterrognum Governor; and the longer-th<ybetfcer willbfe . -the aspiration of many should-ihe change be to the hero of Lab uan, thegovernment . seeing no reasonable grounds" for'further de-. laying the meeting of the Legislature; have resolved to summon it for the5last'Friday in July, the last day of the present feonth. ' You- will notice that the home'news gene rally, .although-not of startling- importance, is for the most part of a satisfactory charac ter. In national affairs th'b : intelligence brought is pacific; in political matters Eng land is in g ferment-and'is like1]y*to remain so until a very radical change is made in the aspect of State religion in . Ireland. It is gratifying to not& that the religidus riots re ported by^ the Panama mail-have been pretty closely confined to one locality 'atid have not produced, very serious results. ;Iii commer cial concerns the tidings are for the most part good; the wool. sales have been duly entered upon; foreign competition has been keen and advanced prices have -been main tained, the quotations being frotii;a halfpenny to a penny higher, according to quality. In copper the increased rates noted last month liave been kept up, and although wheat has -made a rapid decline of lOsi, there is the mournful satisfaction of knowing that fluctu ations in the home market cannot very-mate rially affect South Australia with its trifling yield. In reference to Government securi ties, we have at length attained tb the first placej overtopping the golden Victoria.' Our late dated bonds are given at. £111 to £114 ; our neighbours £111 to £118|.' i - The Christ'. Church incumbency squabble has taken a fresh turn. It has stepped from the arena of- vestry meeting's and assemblages of jTQiesting seat- ltoGderary into the genial . - " ^<f atmosphere of the Supreme Court. ' If ybtji do not know the merits ofthe^c&se; ihe£,arb soon told. Th'e Ven.. Archdeacon 'Woodcock - having died, his place in the living of Christ Church, had to bo supplied. There were. several applicants, and the appointment lay with five trustees, and five .sbatholders delegated, by their fellow- seatholders. The congregation expressed a' wish tb li'ave: the Rev. Mr. Embank as their- spiritual leader, and "their representatives voted ac cordingly. The trustees were favourable to the new Archdeacon, the Rev.-. Canon Marryat, and they voted accordingly. Tho Bishop in tho chair then gave his casting vote for the latter,, who, it should bo men tioned, is a nsphewof his own. The seat holders were indignant at having a'.man in whose election they had no voice_ thrust upon them; they, therefore, collccted'some . very disngrfteable pieces of evidence against1 the Bishop, impugned his Lords; sip's im partiality; and resolved upon an, iappeal to the Primary Judge. The newly, .collated. Archdeacon resolved upon talcing possession^' but on Saturday at the last , moment an in junction was obtained from Mr; Justice G-wynne, restraining him from doing si?;*-"'-Of; course he did not attempt to disobey th.3 pro hibition, and on Sunday morning his place, was filled by the Yery Rev. the Dean. In the evening no service was held, a ; palpable, attempt to demonstrate to therefrautory laity that contumacy on their: part might easily be visited with clerical- displeasure. I wonder if there weromany regtfets^at the intromissing of the service *onco in a way." X fear not, but whether or no the1- existing .state of tilings calls urgently fob 'a speedy settlement."'/. . The Central Road Board have resolved' upon the Width of Tires' Acfcb'eing^.put in force from the 15th inst.- Tltis .measure you: must know'applies to th e South-East;. aswell as to the other.parts of the c"olorijy*and the sooner-you can prepare your 'Txiinils- for its enforcement the sooner you will lf^ roady to give attention to insensate legislature. The Board in Adelaido have taken <:uppu them-, selves to extend the interval before tlie Act was to take effect by fifteen days. 'The Mount Gambier. Local Board would do well to improve upon its example' and decree its postponement sine die. The provisions' are ill-matured, tlip machinery grossly imperfect, the limitations and restrictions unequal and unintelligible. In fact the Act is unwork able, and no number of inspectors could give it a ghost of a chance in competing against the evasive dispositions of carters. The bost conceivable course to take is to refer the Bill back to. the maiden Parliament for revision, but in.the meanwhile it must be understood that it is the law of the land? . , The Murray Bridge agaitation has not yet subsided. The Wellington people are not willing tamely to allow tho Chancery - liners to get the river spanned a£ the -terminus of their line, and they-have-therefore put in a claim to prior consideration. It is in the form of a memorial in which they represent forcibly that Wellington has the^Jbest pre scriptive and common sense right :. to the bridge. It gives statistics.of traffic, declares that the people are becoming dissatisfied with the system which compels,them to pay tolls, and naively suggests that the time is approaching when they will insist on'the maintenance of the ferry ^entirely as a Go vernment Institution. . No.doubt the repre sentations made will .have, new, weight, and the South-Eastern members will1 have a chance of reconsidering tho diversion .rote of 1867. - . . v. . . The teetotallers 4iave been floundering on in their outrageous assertions bf the beer swilling capacities of- the colonists. 3£r. J. A. Dowie, with youthful Jzeal, piled up figures which revealed the very alarmingfaefc that the drinking population - -inade away with-three or four quartsftf swipes daily on the average,-to say nothing, of. a very tidy " quantum of something^afmxu'. .'The Eeqister disputed the point. t Mj\ j.'.Dowie rejoined, and his letter occupies ,%$'(> columns of.closo tjrpa. He reiterates 'the assertion tliafc. 13,000,000 gallons'of colonial beer are yearly brewed in So^th Australia,''and rather" rasliiy goes'into details to demonstrate the correct ness of his figures. He "flounders about I among the millions' with an audacious bonfi denee which speaks badly for his reverence of arithmetic tables. Inverting the order of things he seems to overlook thb fact that 'Weights tell most effectually in a calculation, and multiplies the- circles, with a refreshing reliance upon human" deeeivability. /Tho Register credited the brewers with a;manu facture of 52,000 hogsheads' annually,, tho temperance secretary . comprehensively^ put it down at .240,000, and' in W explanatory statement put down the leading Adelaide brewers at the following rate: -Simms .& Chapman, per year, 1,170,000 gallons; Primrose, .minimum estimate 900,000 gallons; Adelaide Brewery^ Syme & Sison, 600,000 gallons; Morphett -street Brewery 350,000 gallons; Smith, E. T. 500,000 gallons; Total city manufacture 3,520,000 gallons annually, or about 1,350 hhds. per week, instead of 650 as stated by the Register. Now I have'positive" informa tion to prove that 650 is an excess, even counting in two or three factories in addi tion to the above list. Mr. Dowie proceeds to say. " Then there is the country with its 32\. breweries. Is it possible that you" wish people to believe that 32 breweries for about 123,000 or-139,000 persons only brew half as much again as five breweries in the city? No; 300,000 gallons average to each brewery would be a fairer estimate, and I'have good authority for saying so, which I do not chose to state. There are breweries, I am assurbd, in many large places in the country (sucti as as Kapunda, Gawler, Walkerville, Hind marsh, Oakbank, Mount. Gambier, &c.;) which brew about as much as Messrs. Simms and Chapman, the largest Adelaide .establish^ ment. Take five of these at 1,000,000 gallons each (that is nearly 200,000 grillb'hs less than Messrs. Simms and Chap man)-^annually, and they will give 5,000,000 gallonV^one, leaving only 4,600,000 gallons to .be "^coubted for by the other 27 breweries', ^whjMvvould\\.give them a? ^anufectU^df ^TTKgsheads each per week all ths ybar;Vb|tbd, 'against .450 hogsheads pbir wbek ft)* .M^ra, .Sirnms and Chapman; or in other w§^s, 27 brew eries in the country a*re onlyehargfid "with less than a third more than "quantity five brewers . in the city ' manufacture. This statement s of no little iritete'^t as bear ing upon "tlie imbibing qualifications of the. population, and yoti will be able to verify the statement so far' as Mount Gambier is concerned. This I do know with>espect of Penola-that instead ofbein" set;down at 65 hogsheads weekly it . only_ pro3tipes eight, and other instances might bb^ffSrded where the estimate has four or five "times exceeded the reality.. So much, for *V^tempekite teetotallers" and statistics based 'bd the t^ery suspicious and objectionable principle of guessing at one-fourth of the-quantity and multigtying-ifc by four. / ' : . ; : I notice that the lake: steamer5 Telfgraph met with a mishap in one qf her rebbnt trips, . One of the cranks of her engines broke and she had to 'make for - port with only' one paddle. She arrived behind time, but vigor ous efforts' having been made to repair thb damage, a new-pin was fabricated in Ade laide, sent up and. fitted befbre'the next trip became due. ' Mr. B.II. Babbage is now busily .engaged on the Narracoorte end >of the line between that . .place and Lacepede Bay,; taking wh at. levels are jiecessary for the projected rail way. From .his camp he has written claim ing the.. discovery- of tube w ills with.screw propellers^ supporting-his claim by stores which he:tbok with him on hi? exploring e% edition eleven years ago. M r. J. D. Wood £s since written denying Mr. Babbage* right to lay title to the discovery, and qu6t :hg"from a lecturev delivered by that gentle znan in 1857, in which he'gave the credit of the suggestion to him (Mr. Woods.) Mr. W. H-Flood, t'-le^raiijiu' agent for the Argus and Sj/duey Monthly (Herabl, died on Friday last of apoplexy, having bad no Jess than a dozen attacks in quick succession. His residence in South Australia in the diplomatic capacity he had been compelled to hold extended over ten years, and he has made many friends by his cheerfulness and geniality of disposition. He was buried yes terday, but the weather was very wet and stormy,-and the attendance was not large.' His widow is a Jennings, and is among the claimants in a highly valuable property which was acquired by one of the family, but the ownership of which is to be determined by that most unequitable of all equity pro cesses, a Chancery suit. Her brother is engaged in one of the South- Eastern banks. A new era in things theatrical was com menced last night, when Mr. ^Montgomery produced his "Hamlet." It is a glorious conception, instinct with vitality and vigor. He makes the conduct of the Hoyal Dane intelligible by imputing to him the mere similitude of madness to work out success fully his design of revenge against his in cestuous uncle. According to the usual standard it is utterly impossible to make Hamlet's behaviour consistent with either madness or sanity; but here there was no straining, no struggle to demonstrate a iheory. The conception was clearly defined, tho execution simply perfect. It was the realization of. the ideal rather than' the im perfect presentation of a dim image. Con trasted with Anderson's rendering' of the same "part, it Was like a finished statue to the crude shape .outlined in the- marble-by the first few strokes ©n the chisel. The* one had his model plainly impressed upon his mind, the other had to-rely upon the stray passages where insariityr; was not brought into the question. Montgomery's Hamlet was a masterpiece, and well justified the extrava gant encomiums passed upon it by the press of the sister colonies. 