¡ïlje Couti er. PUBLISHED DAILY. THURSDAY, AVaCTST 13, 1868. TJIE LEGISLATIVE ASSEMBLY mot ycstordoy at 2 o'clock, and soon thereafter, on the motion of Mr. MAOALISTSE, The STEIKEB, accompanied by tho Opposi- tion mombors of tho Houio, with ono Minis- terial supporter, proceodod to Government Houso, and presented the Addross to His Ex- cellency tho Acting-Govoruor. In reply to tho last paragraph, which embodied tho amendment adopted by tho HOUBO, HÍB Excellency said that, owing to tho near arrival of the now Govornor, ho had not considered it adrisablo to adopt any of the coursoB suggested by his advisers, as ho pre- ferred to wait the advent of Colonel Blaokall. On returning to the Chambers, tho Sr-EAKEB read HÍB Excellency's reply to the assembled members. Tho COLONIAL TitEiStmEB moved that tho Houeo should go into committco for tho con- sideration of an address to tho Queen, thanking Hor Majesty for the presont recently mndo to the library of her two latest works.-Mr. MAO AMSTKiidid not object to tho motion perse, but hoped that the Promior would inform tho Houso as to tho intontions of tho Governnient. Tho COLONIA! THEASUBEU having intimntod his willingness to do so, after tho prosent motion had been disposed of, tho Houso went into com- mittee, and agreed to tho Addross as propoiod. -A motion was then passed for holding a con- ference with tho Legislative Council on tho sub- ject of this Addross. The COLONIAL TBEASUEEB, in moving the ad- journment of tho Houso until Wodnosday noxt nt 3 o'clock, said that tho Government had thought it advisable to await tho arrival of tho new Governor before taking any docidod stop, consequent upon the division of Thursday last. Ho proposed Wodnesday instead of Tuosduy, becauso on Tuesday thcro was to bo a total eclipso of the sun, and tho Governmont wore anxiouB to avoid suoh a poouliar conourrouco of events. (Laughter.) Tho Houso then adjourned accordingly. COLONEL BLACKALL may bo quito sure of a hearty reception from tho peoplo of Queensland. The representative of the Queen must always bo something more than a name to Her Majesty's subjects. Their love of country, their love of order, their personal regard for the Sovereign, their respect for that established Govern- ment and Constitution which stands secure and firm amidst the conflict of contending factions, are all enlisted in favor of the personage to whose administration are en- trusted the rights of the Crown and the dignity of the Imperial authority. The art of self-government is indeed a theme upon which it is often permitted to us to discourse with a complacent satisfaction, tempered sometimes with admissions of failure and of misdirected energy. The noble ambition of each one to serve his country in his own peculiar way, admits of the most varied exemplification. It is not, therefore, very surprising that it Bhould bo so generally acceptable, aud should approve itself to the self-esteem of everyone who, in governing for himself, thinks that he is thereby best governing the country. But the conflict of opinion and the struggle for power, which is the very sum and substance of self-government, must be controlled by some directive influ- ence, if the elements of destructive energy and misdirected ambition are not to be suffered to obtain the mastery. Happily there is seldo ra occasion for the direct in- terposition of authority by a Governor in any British colony which possesses repre- sentative institutions, for the functions of all concerned in the compact of Govern- ment are so well understood and accepted that, even when doubts and difficulties arise, the people are content to wait patiently for the formation of that public opinion which silently and effectually controls events. But while the direct power of a Govornor is thus apparently limited to events ex- ternal to those which constitute the system of self-government, his influence and his example in matters of self- govern- ment can never bo lightly esteemed. It is not, therefore, without great interest, and some anxiety, that a Community such as that of Queensland must regard the per sonal characteristics of its new Governor. The varied experience of a man of mature years spent in difforent parts of the world, justifies the .boliof that Colonel BLACKALL may possess a ripeness of judgmeut which his best friends never attributed to the restless genius of Sir GEonor, BOWEN. Nor can it be considered a disadvantage to a Governor who is to conduct the public affairs of a colony under the forms of Par- liamentary Government, that he should have spent some of the best years of his life in that great school of parlia- mentary tactics - the Biitish House of Commons. It is our best wish for Co- lonel BLACKALL that in this now country, and under theso bright skies, ho may watch with unabated interest the growth and de- velopment of thoso noble principles of free- dom and progress which, amidst the cease- less clamour and strife of personal ambition and party turmoil, have triumphed in the past, and will go on triumphing in the future. IN common with the great majority of the colonists and a majority of the House, we do not beliove in the present Govern- ment, and would regard their retirement from office with satisfaction. But, for the sake of the colony, and out of regard for the individual members of the Ministry, wo would wish to see that retirement effected in a becoming manner. Whether they résignant once or dissolve the House, they undoubtedly will have to go ; but there is no need for their acting in such a manner as to lower thom still further in the public estimation. This we conceivo they have been doing every day that the House has met since Parlia- ment opened-Thursday last excepted, when they made a good fight, and took their defeat Jilee men. Yesterday, espe- cially, they very unnecessarily placed themselves in a position which should havo gratified their fiercest opponents, but which we regretted to seo thein occupy. On Tuesday they contended rather un profitably about certain iorms of proco dure, and put off for a day, as it was sup- posed, tho announcement of theirintentions, which the House expected to receive. The Premier stated that in consequence of the Address not having been piesented, the Ministry had been unable to advise His Excellency the Acting- Governor as to what waa the best course to pursue-not that they had advised bim to pursue a certain course, and that he had rejected their ad- vice. Rightly or wrongly-and we sup- pose we aro bound to take the bon. gentleman's word for it that it was wrongly -the general impression out of doors was that His Excellency had been tendered cer- tain advice, and that he had intimated that he would not act upon it. If this impres- sion does Mr. MACKENZIE injustice, it is a great pity that anything should have been said to give rise to it. When the lion, gentleman had made his state- ment-that he had no statement to make-? and it had been arranged how the Address was to be piesented, everybody con- cluded that by the time that had been done the Ministerial mind would be quite made up, and that there would be an end to the mysterious attempts to conceal what is really " on the cards." Yesterday, how- ever, tho stoiy was that His Excellency had declined to be advised at all with respect to the position of affairs, as the now Governor would arrive in a couple of days. It is highly improbable that the Acting Governor refused to take advice before it was offered to him. To volunteer to tell the Ministers that it was no use for them to offer him their counsel, as he would not accept it if tendered, would be to insult them, and Colonel O'CONNELL is too true a gentleman, and too well knows the duties of his high position, to do anything of the sort. But here, is a dilemma. Mr. MACKENZIE said, on Tuesday, that the Government had been unable 'to advise His Excellency because the Address had no1 been presented. Yesterday, when tho Address had been presented by the Speaker, the mem- bers of tho Opposition, and the gentle- man whom we cannot help still regarding as a Minister, though without a portfolio, Mr. MACKENZIE at once gets up and tells the House that the Acting Governor had declined to take any advice from the Government, as Colonel BLACKALL was so soon to assume the functions of Governor. It would be interesting to know when this occurred. When was this advice offered and refused ? According to the lion, tho Premier it was not and could not have been before tho Address was pre- sented. But how could it have been done after ? Ministers never left the House while the gentlemen who went tolnythat document before His Excellency were away, and wo have not heard . that Mr. TIFFIN has brought into operation machinery for work- ing a codo of private signals between Government House and the Treasury benches. It is to be feared that Mr. MAC- KENZIE has made a mistake, and that not- withstanding the Attorney-General's abomi- nation of doing anything unprecedented, something very unprecedented if not uncon- stitutional has been done-in fact, that the Ministry have attempted to advise His Excellency before the Address containing the decision arrived at by the Assembly on Thursday night last had been laid before him. This is making precedents with a vengeance. But even then the hon. gentleman would not say what was the nature of the counsel given to the Acting-Governor, or what course the Ministry desired to be per- mitted to take. He would tell the House all about it on Wednesday next-after the eclipse. Really this is too absurd. Does the lion, gentleman imagine that anybody is deceived by such very feeble and ludic- rous attempts to keep the public in the dark? If the Ministry bad desired to tender their resignation, and to challenge tho Opposition to carry on tho public business with the pre- sent House, there was nothing whatever to prevent such a heroic resolve. Mr. MAC- KENZIE would only be too glad to state* the fact at once, and to make the most of such a display of independence. But they mean nothing of the kind ; the advice they wished the Acting-Governor to accept, and which they will invite his successor to take, is to dissolve Parliament, Everybody knows that, just as well as the members of the Executive Council themselves, and would it not bo more straightforward and honest to say so. looking at the matter from any point of view, it is impossible to see how the Ministers or their supporters can be served by such weak trifling -with the public. But it is easy to perceive bow it may tend still further to weaken the confidence of the country. ' It is almost impossible to account by ordinary reasons for such repeated exhibitions of want of judgment or plain common sense in old and long-trained politicians, so we are obliged to consider the possible effect of extraordinary circum- stances-it must be the eclipse. On a memorable occasion, Mr. MACKENZIE com plaiued that " tho weather confused every- thing." Well perhaps it did at that time. It was awkward to have to entertain a Prince in a thunder storm in Moreton Bay, but this is magnificent weather, fine, clear, bracing, or, as tho Premier would say, " exhilliarating" weather-at least so we think, but we may be mistaken. The deli- cate organisation of the Ministry may be already affected by the approaching solar obscuration, and already they may seo things ia general "as through a glass darkly." It is reported that the eclipse has been put off for twelvemonths, but should it actually come off at the time appointed in Pugh's Almanac, it is to be hoped that the Ministry will be strictly inter- dicted from entering Government House, on Tuesday next, from 4G minutes 27 seconds past noon, till 1 minute and 22 seconds past C in the afternoon. If the influence of this unusual occurrence is so seriously felt already, their meeting with Colonel BLACKALI. during the actual period of the sun's eclipse would be most hazardous for all parties. But at the same time it seems a great pity that the Government should not haye chosen Tuesday next, above all other days, for making their final appearance before taking farewell of lion, members. It would he so exceedingly appropriate a time for the Ministerial exit; but it is just like them -another grand opportunity lost. Such a splendid occasion for going into their policy -every thing, even nature itself, in harmony with the subject. Then the lion, the Minis- ter for Lands has strong tendencies for the poetical ; so has the Attorney-General ; so under certain circumstances has Mr. PALMER ; and they might improvise an epic, or at least sing a dirge, and so improve tho occasion ; or how lucid amidst the obscurity, how radiaut in the thick darkness, would a financial state- ment from the lion, the Colonial Treasurer oppear. Are these not matters worthy, even now, of Executive consideration ? Nearly all the members of tho House are still in town, and might easily be got together for the occasion. It would be a delicate compliment to the solar system, and to the new Governor. TIIEEB wore received at the Gonoral Post Office on tho 10th instant, por Geelong and Flo- rence Irving, 34 mails, containing 8076 ordinary letters, 112 registered letters, 395 book packets, and 16,274 nowspapers. lho letter delivery took place at 2 p.m., 10th instant, and tho news- paper delirory at 9 a.m., 11th instant. THE usual monthly Licensing Meeting was hold yesterday at the Central Police Court. There were present on the Bench the Hon. Gilbert Elliott, and Messrs. W. A. Tully, and J. Petrie. Tho only business before the Court was an application to transfer the licence of the Commercial Hotel, Edward-street, from Bernard Simmons to Edmond Daly. The application was granted. IN tho legislative Assembly yostordoy, tho Hon. tho Speakor took occasion to correct two errors in our report of Tuosdoy's proceedings. Those errors occurred in ourroport of Borne ob- servations made by tho Speakor with roforonco to the modo of proeoduro to bo adopted in tho presentation of the amended Address. Tho lion, gentleman only did simple justice to the reporters when ho spoko of tho oxtromo difficulty thoy labor undor in hearing some hon. mem- bers romorltB, and wo may say that from tho position directly undor the gallery, and Bpoaking from tho reporters, which tho bon. gontloman himself occupies, it is next to impoBsiblo to hear BO as to report correotly a singlo sentonco that ho utters. Some fow bon. mombors bear in mind the difficulties of the reporters, and speak up ¡ bu£ thoy aro fow who bear thom ia mind during tho whole timo of addressing tho Houso. Tho Hon. the Speaker himself, for instance, whoso words it is usually of great importance to have reported correctly, somotimes speaks far from distinctly. When the lion, gentleman is excited this is very noticeable, but wo havo rofrained from alluding to it boforo, and would not do BO unless in self dofonco. We may remind him also that we tried to bring tho difficulty experienced by tho roportorB undor his notico several days ago. THE Lady Young, steamer, having on board Colono! Blnokal!, the now Governor and suite is oxpoetod to arrivo in tho bay to-night. If tho tido suits tho steamer will come up tho river as far as tho Eagle 3?arm Flats, where tho Govern- ment stoamor Kate will bo in roadiness to con- voy Colonel Blackall up to Brisbano. The A.S.N. Company's steamer Emu will ulso pro- ceed down the river for tho accommodation of ladies and gentlemen who wish to accompany tho Kato up to tho city. In our yestorday's issue wo publish ed tho arrangements for tho re- ception, to which we need not now advort. Tho Volunteers aro expected to muster as strongly as possible. Between j eighty and ninoty of the Ipswich Artillery and Eifles will arrivo hero to-dsy by the steamer Kato, which went up to Ipswich yesterday for tho purposo of bringing tho Volunteers to Bris- bano. Thoy will bo quartered at the Immigra- tion Barraoks during their stay. Tho Brisbano companies will parado at 9 a m. to-morrow, with arms and accoutrements ; tho Artillery at the Treasury Squaro, and tho Bides at tho Drill Boom, Georgo-streot. The latter will march . from thence to tbo Treasury Squaro, and after | wards to their various posts. No. 1 Battery Ar- tillery will uro a salute of seventeen guns at tho Quoou's Park, No. 2 Company Volunteer Hides, with the Brigade Band, will form tho guard of honor in front of Government House, and the remaining companies will lino lho avenue. The gunrd of honor at the triumphal arah will be composed of tho company of tho 50th and tho Ipswich Volunteer Band. TUB COBB Doylo v. Wobb and othors, which was to havo been heard at tho presont sittings of the District Court, has boen ordered to stand ovor until next sittings, with the consont of both parties. AT tho civil sittings of the Metropolitan Dis- trict Court this morning, the following oases will bo heard :-Drysdale v. Towns (jury caso) j Scott r. Douglas. ' AT tho Central Polico Court yesterday, two women wero fined for drunkenness, lhoro was ono summons caso on tho Bhcot-Brown v. Tait-in which the dofondant was ohargod with having assaulted tho plaintiff. The case WOB a paltry one, arising out of neighborly squabbles, and resulted in Tait being fined 5s. and costs. As will bo soon by roforonco to our advertis- ing columns, tho final rohcarsal for ufadaino Mallalieu'a concort will tako piuco at the School of Arts this evening. IT is pretty well known that the illustrious stranger who lately honored our poor city with his presence, under the style, title, and dignity of the Count von Attems, is the individual who, in our Sydney telegram on Tuesday, was said to have obtained large advances in that city, on fictitious papers. We are sorry to say that he managed, during his short stay here, to walk into the good graces of some of our citizens, and to make rather heavy drafts on their bankers. His countship, it will be remem- bered, left Brisbane in that renowned craft the Hamlet's Ghost, the history of which vessel ought to be written some day; and he has last been heard of at Cleveland Bay. A war- rant is out for his apprehension, and troopers have been dispatched overland from Port Deni- son to secure him if possible before he makes a descent on our friends in Batavia. We failed to notice the Count as he deserved when he was in Brisbane, but should he visit us again, especially with the order which the Sheriff of Queensland desires to confer on him on his breast, and Mr. Seymour's decorations at his wrist, we shall en- deavor to make amends for our former neglect of Son Altesse. WB have to acknowledge the receipt, by la»t English mail, of a little pamphlet of thirty f pages, entitled " The Gold-fiolds of South Africa and tho way to reaoh thom," by Bobort Babbs. 1 Tho title page tells us that Mr. Babbs is " a medalist of Christ's Hospital ; is tho author of a prizo essay upon the Physical and Moral Con- dition of Natal, to whioh the < Natal Society awardod £25 ; " also " by appointmont of the ( Natal Government, one of tho oxaminerB of manuscripts which wore submitted to the Immi- gration Board for a guido book to Natal ; " that ho has been "twolvo years' resident" in that colony ; is the author of " a Guido Book to Natal; " and in tho last pago of. tho pamphlet beforo us he informs his roadors that he is about to charter a ship, capablo of carrying from two hundred to two hundred and fifty passen- gers to Natal, to prooeed to the gold-fields in tho interior. He proposes that the cost of the joumoy shall be upon the mutual principio, and he will take com- mand of the expedition and act as guide. The information contained in the pamphlet is of necessity little moro than a resume of the let- ters and paragraphs whioh have appeared for Boroo months past in the South African news- papers with reference to the roportod discovery of gold by Herr Carl Mauch. As Mr. Babbs ¡B at present resident in London, be, of course, is not able to give the latest information on the subject, and it is not likely that any one in Australia will bo disposod po proceed to the now " Tom Tiddlor's ground" until fuller par- ticulars aro received._ THE following is a report of the state of the Lunatic Asylum for the week ending the 8th August :-In the house at last report, 126 males and 59 females ; since admitted, 1 male patient ; discharged, 2 male patients ; remaining in the house at the present time, 127 males and 59 females. 