BLACKWOOD. (FROMr OUR OWN CORRESPONDENT.) A LECTURE, in aid of the funds of the Barry's Reef School, was delivered at the Oddfellows' Hall, on Friday, 28th ult., by M. L. King, Esq., M.P.; subject--" Shakespeare and his Writings." The chair was occupied by E. Baber, Esq., J.P., who briefly introduced the lecturer. Mr. King was very warmly received. He commenced by enter- ing into a biographical sketch of the poet, and stated that it was his intention to deliver some of the passager, from memory. He said that Shake- speare was a subject which had distracted the minds of men for hundreds of years. He deli- vered "Hamlet's Speech to the Players." This beautiful passage was much applauded. He spoke of the versatility of Shakespeare, and said that the poet wrote thirty-seven tragedies and come- dies in about nineteen years. Shakespeare was misrepresented in his time, and even up to late years, until his wonderful genius fastened itself indissolubly in the minds of all men. Those who scoffed at his art criticised him, Mr. King spoke of Shakespeare as compared with the sensational play writers of the present time. He delivered O'Connell's beautiful simile regarding Shake- speare, which was warmly applauded. Carlyle and Goethe said that Shakespeare's mind was the greatest that Nature had ever produced; the greatest intellects were mute before the master intellect. His was inspiration indeed, his poetry nature itself. Of all the poets, he alone portrayed mental diseases. His knowledge of the Bible was wonderful, and his knowledge of the Book of Grace no less remarkable. His books on this subject were allowed to perish, but his works could not perish. English had given immortality to Shakespeare, and Shakespeare had given im- mortality to the English language. His ter- centenary had lately been celebrated, and he (Mr. King), in conjunction with Mr. Rusden and others, had done something practical towards perpe- tuating Shakespeare. A number of the represen- tatives in Parliament had taken part in an amateur dramatic performance in aid of a fund to raise a statue to the memory of departed worth and greatness, and the sum of £180 had been obtained by that effort. Mr. King delivered passages from "Hamlet," and was much applauded. Mr. King's great success was the closet scene, passages of which were delivered with good dra- matic effect, and seemed to be justly appreciated by the audience. "Such an act as blurs the blush of modesty," the denunciation of the deed of his father's death, the picture of the figure of his father's ghost, unseen by others when he exclaimed, " See how pale he looks," and the con- cluding advice to his mother to confess what was past, were all deservedly applauded. The Chair- man stated that during the rest of the evening, R. H. Horne, Esq. (who had kindly associated himself with Mr. King in the good work), would contribute a treat in the shape of vocal and instru- mental music. This announcement was received with great approval, and Mr. Horne was cordially received. He made a few prefatory remarks of an appropriate nature, and stated that he would sing a German song-" Alexis, or the Love Message." He sang beautifully, but declined an encore. Mr. Horne then sang a Tyrolean love song, in a sweet falsetto. Some of the alt parts in this song re- minded me strongly of those beautiful words in Milton's " Comus" " How sweetly did they float upon the wings Of silence through the empty-vaulted night, At every fall smoothing the raven down Of darkness, till it smiled." An encore was again declined. During the above, Mr. Horne accompanied himself on the pianoforte. He also sang a Spanish dance song or Bolero, and accompanied himself on the Spanish guitar. This song, like the others, met with much applause. Mr. King gave a reading from the first series of the "Ingoldsby Legends," "My Lord Tom Noddy." It was read with good emphasis and well received. Mr. Horne sang an Irish song, " Kathleen O'More," to the guitar accompaniment. He sang this sweet melody with much taste and feeling. He concluded by singing a Scotch song, " We are na fou." This song was enthusiastically encored, to which Mr. Horne responded, and this concluded a delightful entertainment, Mr. E. J. Croker stated that the Committee of the Barry's Reef School had requested him to propose a vote of thanks to Messrs. King and Horne for the delightful enter- tainment which they had given in furtherance of a good cause, but Mr. King wished the vote of thanks to be dispensed with. However, they could not do less than record their high appre- ciation of the admirable treat which had been given for their amusement, profit and instruction. Mr. Hansmann, hon. correspondent of the School, thanked Messrs. Horne and King on behalf of the Committee. After a vote of thanks to the Chair- man, the meeting separated. An inquest was held at the Blue Mountain on 6th March, before C. Shuter, Esq., P.M., the newly-appointed Coroner for the Blackwood dis- trict, on the body of William Maher, aged 67 years. The body had been lying for fifty hours, during this intensely hot weather, for the atten- dance of the Coroner, who from his numerous duties could not possibly attend sooner, he having to be sent for from Melton. A post-mortem exami- nation was made by Dr. Plews, which, from the advanced stage of decomposition, was attended by very disagreeable circumstances to all. The de- ceased had expired without a moment's warning, from internal pulmonary consumption, and a verdict was returned accordingly. Mr. Hyde, who had prescribed for the deceased, and who professed to be a doctor, narrowly escaped committal for illegally practising, which would have rendered him liable to three years imprisonment, with or without hard labour. It is a pity the Government cannot' make some better arrangement for a Coroner, as Mr. Shuter has to attend various Petty Sessions every week, and has long distances to travel to and fro. 