REMINISCENCES OF THOMAS FRANCIS MEAGHER. For many an age Ireland has sent forth crowds of exiles into all lands. The names of some of those will sound for generations to come in the songs and traditions of their wide-scattered race but not one of them all will hold a warmer place in the fond memories of his countrymen than this gay and gallant son of Waterford, whose light has just been quenched in the midnight waters. No man knew him better, none loved him better than I. — Alas ! for seven years before his death we had not met, nor held any communication. Wide oceans flowed between us— sometimes a sea or water, somtimea a sua ot blood. Yet, now that he is gone, the blank he has left in the existence of everyone who intimately knew him and shared his wonderful life, is deep, and wide, aud his friends and his enemies (and both were ardent) miss him alike. As this present writer was oue of the former, and has so often stood side by side with him in certain stirring and try ing scenes, I know that some readers will follow with interest my personal reminiscences of that rare creature. The first time I ever saw him — let me try to recall it — a supper colonnade saloon — the ' Pijllar Room' of the Rotundo in Dublin; flooded with light and music, thronged with rich uniforms of dark green, blazing with gold, ring ing with merry laughter — it is an assemblage of the '!S2(jlub,' waiting for the announcement to supper. in the banquet hall. No wonder there was laughter in that crowd, for men were there who would Utter jokes on their deafch-beds, how much more in the half-hour before dinner. Centre of one jovial group stands O'Connell, with his fatherly smile for all around, his cor dial greeting and kind word to every one who comes up, especially to the young. The mighty frame of the old man looks yet more burly in his semi-military costume, which, indeed, he never much loved ; but this night he seems per- fectly at home amongst the young men, and his eye even seems to kindle as it glances around this bold and brilliant throng. So it well may ; there are high hearts here as well as stately forms. O'Brien stalks through the hall, a figure at that time lithe and active as that of a youth of twenty summers ; at his side is a little gen- tleman with red hair and keen intellectual face, who is eagerly addressing his discourse to O'Brien and gesticulating and shrugging like a French man — it is Thomas MacNevin, lawyer, orator, wit, scholar, Connaught-man. The two walk by, talking and laughing, both full of hope and patriotic devotion — and they are both dead. As the memory fastens itself upon that scene now, it almost seems a procession of ghosts, like Freiligrath's Phantom Caravan. There walks Dillon, with form and a head like the Belve- dere Apollo, the noblest-looking figure, as he was perliapa the noblest nature, of that glitter- ing throng ; and beside him is a gentleman with broad, honest Milesian face, contrasting the ideal Greek lines of Dillon's— it is Michael Doheny, of Cashe), great on the hustings, potent at a men ater meeting, but eagerly wishing that all tuat tort of ^thing: were over, and the fighting begun, if fi&htirig; thdre was to be. These.tffoare Also in their graves now; and Ireland is. thepporer by the loss of two men. ;,..'.',;.. Next flit by the ghosts ef old Lord French and )f young Richard O'Gorman (for O'Gorman ia ilso dead, but I learn that his grandfather is aow counsel to the Corporation of New York) ? md the phantoms of Tom Steele and Lord Wallscourt, and old Sir Simon Bradstreet, a relic of the- Ireland of the Volunteers, whose 3tout old heart stirs .within him at the sight of Irish uniforms. And there go Edmund Burke Roche and John Martin— Burke Roche, now Lord Fermoy, who has been asking tble British Minister to arm the Irish people, that they may kill all Fenians— and John Martin, who is now warmly seconding the proposal to arm the people anyhow -as for killing off the Fenians, he thinks that they may not, perhaps, be the purpose to which the arms will be turned. Those two men walked together in the array of the ' '82 Club,' but they walk far enough apart now. MacNevin takes me by the arm, brings me up, and intro duces me to a young member, then appearing amongst us for the first time ; he names him Thomas Francis Meagher ! No need to describe his appearance, which is as well known over two hemispheres as that of any man living or dead. To me, at first, he seemed merely a rather fop pish young gentleman, with an accent decidedly English— which, however, was not his fault, but the fault of those who sent him to be educa ted at Stonyhurst, in Lancashire. It is singular that two of the most thoroughly and intensely Irish of all the Irish — Meagher and O'Brien ? should both have spoken in the accentuation of Cockaigne— as that is spoken, it is true, by educated English gentlemen, but still Cockaigne. We walked into the banquet-room together ; thia youngster and myself, and seated ourselves at the table. The scene was exciting and exhilarating; the two sides and one end of tne vast room were occupied by tiers of cushioned benches, closely thronged by ladies ; and Dublin in those days (whatever maybe the case now), had dazzling women ; it was a living parten'e, a breathing bouquet of beauty — to which my new young friend seemed by no means insenssible. I can not say that iu uur first casual intercourse our impressions of one another were very favourable. 1 was from the extreme North, he from the far v South ; and no chord was struck in the- one which truly responded to any chord in the other until we spoke of Thomas Davis, then lately laid in his grave. It is difficult now, for those who did not know Davis, to understand and ap preciate the influence which the most puissant and imperial character exerted upon the young Irishmen of his day. Meagher had never known him personally, but had been inspired, possessed by him. In speaking of Davis, his Lancashire accent seemed to subside ; and I could perceive, under the factitious intonations of Cockaigne' the genuine roll of the melodious Munster tongue. We became friends that evening. Next day he came to me at the Nation office in D'Olier-street ; we walked out together, towards my house in Upper Leeson-street ; through College-green, Graf ton -street, Harcourt-street, ana out aiinosi; into une country, near Donny brook. What talk! What eloquence «f talk was his ! how fresh, and clear, and strong ! What wealth of imagination, and princely generosity of feeling ! To me it was the revela tion of a new and great nature, and I revelled in it, plunged into it, as into a crystal lake. He talked no ' politics, ' no patriotism ; indeed he seldom interlarded his discourse with those topics ; but he had much to say concerning women and all that eternal trouble, also about Stonyburst and his college days. We arrived at my home, and he stayed to dinner. Before he left he waa a favourite with all our household, and so he remained until. the last. Soon after, bound by his allegiance to the memory of Davis, he fairly committed himself to the party nick-named ' Young Ireland,'' and that cost him what we all know. But Young Ireland, or Old Ireland, he was always Irish to the very marrow. Ever from that day our in. tercourae was close and constant. He became a member of the committee of the Repeal Associa tion, and attended pretty regularly at the com mittee room on Burgh-ouav. There if; waa nnri. ous to see, amongst the rather mean crowd of O'Connell's dependents and servants, that proi:d head, with its laughing eyes and careless atti tudes. But it is needless to detail the scenes in which he acted at this time before the eyes of all his countrymen. I prefer to follow him into the bye-ways of domestic life, and to dwell upon the scenes in which I learned to know him best. On the Southern bank of the broad, bright Suir river, looking across to the hills of Kilkenny county, stands the old city of Wateiford, with its long line of qaay and ' Reginald's tower' re flecting themselves in the glassy watery. Iu u. quiet street of the town, aud in a large and somewhat gloomy mansion (one of the best iu the place) dwells in strict domestic privacy a retired merchant, the father of Meagher ; oue good lady, hia aunt, sister of his deceased mother, presides in that silent house. Mr. Meagher, the elder, is small and meagre, of aspect and mauner somewhat dry and cold but cot austere. The furniture of the dwelling suits its proportion and characther, being dark and massive, with but little carving and gilding, bhul or ormolu. In those same sombre rooms, surrounded by the same solemn en vironment,, there grows up at this moment ano ther young shoot of that old Tipperary stock, & youth now of fifteen years, and with many sub jects for thoughtful musing, if he has a head for thought, as is likely. Perhaps he occupies at this day his fathers little study, surrounded by his father's books, and haunted by his father's fame. — What reflections must have passed through that youthful head, as the news used to arrive from day to day of some desperate battle on the Rapp'ahanuock or Chickahominy — and of tlie green flag of the Irish Brigade fronting the red Confederate battle-flag (uo unworthy match.) Did the boy see in thought his father's dark plaiue carueriug through the battle, amidst the '« ti emoko and thunder, and the tempest of cashing ^touafcetry and fierce Stouts ?£ the onset ? IMd ? the young heart swen-withpridoaBd hope, and a longing and craving to he riding that inoment ' by' his father's side?- John Mitchell m the lnsk 1 Citizen. ' 