?': SPIBlTUÁLIsk lN OH J- - Tho bearing of tbo oasc, Lyon v. Home,' tvasroBumed in Vice Ohnnoellor Giffard's Court, on.Tueßday, April 28. . A numbor of . affidavits filed on behalf of tbo defendant were road. Mr. Home, in an affidavit fllod by bim on tbo 31st of March, 1868, denied .,. ;that the plaintiff's adoption .of bim or ber . ' gifts to bim wore based upon spiritualism, ' ' '" " excepting BO far as it was ono of the reasons, ibr her sooing me, she having boon, like my . ,/self, a medium from her. ohildhood. I be- lieve that she adopted me and gave mo tbo ?, t£24,000, mainly beoauso she wishod to have, some one to caro for and enliven tor, and -.,¡, who would be bound to her by ties of grati .'. >i \tude, and to bring her :into aristocratic so- ciety, thereby spiting her husband's relatives . .and acquiring for her notoriety by the larger , mesa of the sum. The gift of £6000 was, in faot, as she withod.it be, and had said to so . . many person?, an entire surpriao to me.! ' The seoond £30,000 I never could under-'i 'v "atänd, ás ehe told me, in general terms, that n: rflho had made her will in my favour ; and I 'Solemnly'believe that'she turned against jme <and determined to heap insults upon me,, .ly/.'and impossible ruin my good .namoi, because* ?r; I, ref used'to aooept.any other, relations, >be S'l -tweonius than those of mother and son."| ' ''Mr.. Homo was ' cross-examined by« Mr. |'James,',Q 0 ,.' Ile said bis nomo was/ondjalr, i;,, rrVoys'; had ..been,' ¡ David . DuBglàss Homo inräbaagb^hfrsäoond name was omitted by,mis> tate in the; registry . of his baptism.' Asked a's'to hisstrange gift, hè said he could not ex-' i ¡i>, plain'it,,he had no powerto "give ifcy'or to . . take it away. Asked .what it was, be said i í <ho could not explain it, except that extra-j ^ .' ordinary' manifestations had ooourred! to liim.as they had to the plaintiff;, suoh OB ¡tho ? displacement of material objeots. Many besides "himself had poouliar visions,, taken '.''jib. be 'oommunioatiöns from tho' spiritual' , f ;.world. -, He. could; not say how' tho oom-' munitions were made, between, the medium'; and the spiritual world. He had; 1 seen spirits; -: . had ' :oonversed^ with '^V/themV ,órally¿ ^independently of 'knook-; lk:t.Virig» rapping, ¿sa.'. They, had talked'to hin* ,. by sounds audible to tho ear; he had-heard thenu ' 'When communications are' rn ad ó by knooking,1 it'is ; not'. indioatod who thWspirit . ia, Boing asked how the sounds'were shown to como- from the -.spirit,-he said that Was ' taken for granted the same as the telegraph, wire.'1.'' "Being/asked nVto'soino óf'the mání ' festations b'éing'noble and elevated; he said i Ü they wera mado by means of tho alphabet; , , ; , The , alphabot was called, ,or pointed raj; iii, ¡ -,'flöme, instance"; when - a sound was; heard; : lot^ít í was an*, indioation ¡. that thatV,lotter' ' ^?wos oalled or pointed at. , ' Boing! asked tb jBhbw how the.knook wasproduoed; .ho said, ^j'sóbae'knró^ soíne; worö.,I0ud, «ifivíbút (ho could not V imitate them. Whether ? -ono knook indioated . a negative; two| an" '.affirmative, and so on, could be arran god, ns ,,. you pleased.' Spirits wero ns intelligent as ,-,, t human beings ; ; spirits usually spelt their names-sometimes without , any question being asked. -If :Mr. James called upon ?? * him and asked him to communicate with, ", -ithe sbirit '.of a ,deceased' person, he (Mr." ,: " -Home) should refuse, because . ho . was, net; 'i .introduood by some personal..', friend. ! , If introduced by. a personal friend, .'nothing' would occur. .Asked.what mode ho would i adopt ; said ho would take none, he never :did.; cThe .' spirit would come of its ;owu; accord, if it wished to do eo. It would .make itself ..known'by rapping sounds or .by '.knockings ; Ho did not know in what parti- cular, way spirits would, manifest,: their [ presence, It; would be the same^ (to you aa .: to- nae, Vby Bounds.'.' ' :If questionBV were requirod, the alphabet- waa the1 common ''V inode.: ' ^he1 alphabet would/ bo i produced ,'^ither in 'tho hand pr orally, inthe'mouth, so by .degrees a message would be speit| out. The'colling of eaoh lotter would procédé tho manifestation of the spirits. : He had been , , displaced himself bodily by. the spirits. Ho had' boen the subjoot of ; pbysioal experi- ment,'in violation of tho ordinary laws of ': . gravitation. Ho had been floated in the air ; ' 'but muàtinaist upon saying ho was not the .?only person to whom . this had happened ' 1 Oh airs and tables had been moved in vio- lation of ordinary natural laws. Had found ' .useful results arise from these manifestations, , in some" lnstanoes ia convincing those who .? .did not believe in the immortality of the, ' ? soul. That was the only one. Being asked .how,'lho Baid ho did not suppose how his . floating in the air, or a tabla moving could ? convinoo anyone of the dootrinej of '^immortality. It was the intelligence oon Jneoted with it: V These things were done by : invisible intelligences. .'.,' ,, I Some of the things done have rather, tho < character of preotioal jokes?-Yes. . ¡ '?'"?; ;. Things knooked about and knooked .against persons ?-Yes. Those '' practical ; _ jokes aro one sido only of tho 'question. ' Th ero is another and more .elevated side. \- Persons have, on some oaoaetons received useful information. They (the spirits) don't ' . generally interfere with affairs of earth, j Per- sons have received predictions, counsel, and advice. Morally speaking, yes, but other ' -,-wiae. no. Have never: known, them give information in stockjobbing matters; OB to travelling and health it has been done ? in a lbw isolated instances. , They usually . try ito patch up fouds. There ara. all kinds of spirits, ns there are on earth. Persons . consulting spirits . might and might not bo deceived. They would have to ,uso .their own'reaaon. If a spirit should como and tell me to out my right hand off it stands to roa* son it would be an absurdity, and i should . not do it. If I bad a ennosr and the spirits told me to go to a particular dootbr I should ascertain if he was good in that particular branch of science. 1 am, I suppose, in poe. . session of this gift at present. Tho last manifestation I had I roolly ban't mention the dato of- yes, I haye had ono within tho 'last fortnight. "I havo not very good memory . of what ' ocours; at seances. I^o external , -phenomena ooour to mb during sleep. I havo no rooolleotion of what happens to mo in a tranco. ? ? ? ' 1 Examined as to a letter , written by him to tho plaintiff from. Malvern, in which ho .ppoho of oortain spiritual communications: 1 really can't remember how that communi- cation was mado to me. I wan at that timo exceedingly ill-almost dying. Have had ns long a ' sontenoe ns that addressed to mo audibly. M. G. moans Mathew Gibson, tito spirit that was always with me (the father of the plaintiff.) It is from no will of mino that I cannot remember. IwasexoeetU ' ingly ill at the time. 1 meant by ," dear iplrftB" my own mother, my own wife. Examined ns to expressions jo another lotter /rom Malvern: That was called by the alphabet. Misa Ellen Gully spelt it out. The alphabet was oalled for beioro it began. ' Dr, Gully asked tho question, and tho answor given identified tho spirit. Ido not oloim that beoauso an affirmative answer is given the identity of the spirit ia thereby establis- hed. Peculiarity of dress would identify the spirit. No, it would not be the ghost of a dress, but tho dress as it was on earth, as it is < mentioned . in tho Bible. I do not speak of feeling tho dress. I have not seen a spirit for a very long timo. I have had too muah of material things to think of. Gould not say what.was the last ppirifc ' I ' was in > communication with.' Would rather not mention the Bplrit. It Was the relative of < some person here ,present. The name waa spelt out by i a modium. j It is simply' from a- motive of delicacy that I deoline to mentiom the name., . I haye been in .communication, with the'spirit of, j nay own wife-not in reference to this suit ! ? I have never asked a question about it. When I; first met the plaintiff I was secretary to ' the Spiritual Athenoum in Sloane-street. ", I waa exceedingly i poor, : only, . receiving j pay from the sooioty. Haye never been brought up ; to any profession or tradö. ' .1 say I gave '"the.plaintiff rank 'and position-ránkl 'to associate with my friends, some, litorury, ¡and .others in .high positions in society. I con- sider that rank. I have no rank or. position, li only that whiob my "friends give me. ¡ Ijwas onlyfortwo months secretary to the,¡Áthon roum: - "Ph aye travelled a good deal, visited ;'ppWrt's, and"; mixed in:1 high piróles.' ¡My t .friends' ycry. of ten provided .for, my. travelfing . oxpoBses, and I have had other assist- ance. I had some fortune by my'wi fe. I 'had; proviouBly ' some .mbnèy-'settled upon ;1 me' by a friend. Ho was .' a mern-; ber, bf - the Romish, Church. ' Ho ibe ieved in spiritualism.?« He had seen 'my gift. 1 Anonymous giftá (presenta) are verj¡ L'often sent to nie.. I' married in 1858. Tte .inbotne derived from. my. ^wifb'^âs^sà'ffloiént.'l for us.' It has ceased for the present,,but I (¡hall reoover it- next-year. His Majesty tho Emperor of Russia bas promised to see to it. (Witness.-explained that'oertain proceedings were pending in, tko Russian courtsjnj re- ference to some ? invalidity in the settlement 'or otherdoorimerit Jon'which; bte'lateffmfe's fortune depended. ." The gifts jwera first; de- veloped c in me, I , believe, when £ was ¿ix months old; <nófcras they oreinow. vTnií850 the " first: external. manifestations..were| de- veloped. ~Thore had ¡boen.some talking of the Rochester rappingsi in Amerioa, and .a 'olergym'an I think it was who first gave the 'alphabet. ",' I had no moansi bf: interpreting ,'them'at. first.,; j I did Beek to' influencé j tho/, i plaintiff against her. own impulse to forcé : upon me apoeitionof iwcalth The whole ! that'was 'dono" was forded - npo'n me,',; I do ? bot say but "in my heartT/was^glad,) but to her. I. sought. to influenoo ..her against: her own impulso. Mrs. Maurigy's aooount is 'perfebtly 'true, j On her part the . posi ! Mon 'of.' wealth.' was' föroed' upon ' me.: ." I do s not say I; was , not ? glad in; ray Chéart, but 1 wished her to let ma co out of town first.' I repeat, tho posltiorTof wealth was | forced upon.me, as.plaintiff well knows. : I ne var jhoard plaintiff soream louder thain she; /did hero in thei witness box; Mrs. Lyon, sat by the table ' on; Monday 1 tho 8th ,of ?potober, held up ttpobkbt handkerchief, and. said, j'i.Loikr hore, what, has .ooourred."' ,';T' asked 'her if. she . badi not knotted it before she left7 home ' to, remind herself of some- thing. On tho 7th of Ootober.'as Irose to loàvo the bouso sounds came,,"Do not, my darling Jane,; say, alas, the light of othor daysfor ever- fled thé1 light is with you ; Charles 'lives, and loves you."' I.oould not say who the spirit was.' I,formed no.opinion. Jane I knew was Mrs. Lyon's name, ss ehe bad signed it: in writing : to me. ' Did not. know that Obarles meant her husband. How could I? I did not then know that her husband's ñamo i was: Charles.; . Mrs. Key's statement as to what she overheard is porfeotly false. The ; words'" Dear spirit " may have been used. The .other statements are porfeotly; false. I was in tho house when Wilkinson came.'about'the will. I waa in the bedroom, separated,by folding doors. I took Mrs. Tom Fellowes to. her carriage that night.. I did not remain a quarter bf an hour, afterwards. I never Bald,. " Lot ua oonsult father," or oonsult anyone.; ' It is not a word. I should .have used. I eat at the table. I did not rofuee to have a soanoo. I rëoolleot Mw.. Tom Fellowos waa curious to seo spiritual manifestations. Sb o did often ; say/sbe should like to bbpreàent àt a' Bojtnqe.; Sho could not have urged me to produba spi- rits, as sbo knew I, had nb such power. I did Boy, " Mother, yob remember saying you have promised. me ,that hour.'' Mrs. {Fel- lowes was in town, to get furniture and I car- pets, and plaintiff was afraid ehe would got her to go with her and make her payj for them ; BO lt w»s arranged that if their going out together was suggested I was to remind plaintiff that sho was engaged, I distinctly deny having said, "I cannot do it, mother ; th ore is somothing in Mrs. Fellowes's . pro sonco that forbids it." When Mr. Rudall oame on tho 12th of November I oaught Mrs. Key on hor knees listoning at the door. What Mrs Peppor.eaysin her affidavit about my sayiög, '. Mother and i aro married to: all eternity," «.to., is perfectly untrue, I trust I am' too much of a gentleman to use suoh an expression as "Doath is all humbug," (feo: It sounds well in the affidavit, but it is porfeotly untrno. Admitted having recently written . lottere promising money; for information, , It was a trap laid for me. I received abbat a fortnight ago a letter. \ (Mr. Home read out some anonymous letters: to him and his replies.) I received the woman (Mrs. Bradshaw) on my return to town, ana I at once saw through her.1 It wsB simply done to irritate mo, your Honour. I have a very nervous organisation, j (Mr. Homo went on to describe his interview with this Mrs Bradshaw, whom he intimated was an emissary of the plaintiff. ) 1 simply wished his Honour to seo to what extent hatred could be carriod. I wished the lettor to be producod in oourt. I adhoro to the statement that lt was a trap laid fur me, and I said so to my friends. Bo-oxomincd by Mr. Matthews, Q.O. : Tho , phenomena described by mo have occurred to mo in many countries, boforo many persons, in houses whores I was a guest, I have had tho honour to, reside os a guest in tho Emporor , of Russia's pnlaoo. I was thoro morely as a guest, oertainlv not in any paid onpsoity. My wlfo WOB a daughter of an aidc- do-oainp of tho late Emperor Nicholas. Bbc wns god-daughter of tho Emperor Nicholas. These phenomena have occurred In housos where thoro have boon strangers. Solentiflo persons have often been present when tLey havo occurred. I bavö Invited aorut/oy ; so muoh so that my friends oora plain of mo. I bare also boon a guosfcof , tho Jimporor of tho French. I havo never .olaimed at any timo, orin any oountry; the power pf produoing theso manifestations. I have certainly nover professed tho power of calling.up a spirit from the dead. There ara several mediums besides myself. They are generally persons of a highly nervous temperament. They hove been often of a superior okas of lifo-porspns ,who, from their position, cannot bo suspeotod of macing a profit out cf it. I have seen in Mr. 1 Jonelnn's presence and in bia houso the dis-, plaoexnont of material objeota in violation of tho-laws of gravity, which hove boen, alluded to. ! X have i no theory to aooouut for that happening. ' I have never'consulted spirits with regard; ,'toi, money, temporary, br' pecu- niary affairs, for myself or. fbr: otber people ; never. .1 have, known Dr.- and Miss Gully for seven years. 1 If I had a motive for ,'de beiving them,! had no power tb do sb. MÍBS Gúlly;is.sis'ter of Dr. Gully.'past forty. (Mr. Ellis,- from Cambridge (oorreoting himself, Oxford), -the' well known olaesi'oal sohblor, has| been;present at a seánóéi ' He is a.very candid investigator.;'.-I;dpn?t knovf if ,hé is n believer..-., vii is ; simply , from motives' bf, dolibaöy 'thatil don't want to enter into that The goptíeiman who _ Bottled j money (£156 .'por.' annum) .'upbn ^imo had";about, ¿15,000; a.year,;-nb was .about'forty-five years 'old,' and I think he mnde this gift to-mo boforo ho 'hod seen any manifestations in my présence. I did not sólioit it. ' B e was'top .muon of' a; gentleman to. bring a Chancery suit against me. SJ (The witnoss was understood to j say 'that t.his'annuity.was not ; still oontinued to him.), Amerioa eooma to be the land of these things. M had a father, sister's child, )and two aged aunts, depending on me when Mr's.' Lyon) first.bestowcd;he'r gifts on ' mei ; ; Mrs.", Ritohie takos báro.of iny óhild' without 'any remuneration romRm*..':.. Most ^certainly no money waB .made, out of the Spiritual Athenraum.' ; ;Money ''was*' lost1 by .: it.) j No money was taken at tho.- doors.,""Persons were not admitted," ex'oept...by introduction. Certainly.il-.did not hold myself ns ready tb produce ghosts for people who wished to soe: ;themi;^'henu.Mr;'Wii^ asked .imo tb/gp ' ,into . Her bedroom. When ; she .'had ¡ business abo. never wißhed me to know anything about it. ? Before tho 12th of Noyomber Mrs.Xypn had dctcrmined'tbièaye Kira., Key's)lodgings. " ,1 had never before then spoken to Mr. Wilkinson about the will, nor be to me-never, ¡ nor.any. communica- tion with him about other!,business) matters ,of Mrs. Lyon.)Mrs., Brndshaw lives at 17AÍ I Albort Terrapo, 'underneath . Mrs." Lyon'. I' had two interviews with < her. I 'called in Mrs. Cox to havo.her' as a witness for! the' person who had laid à trap for me. , ' j * 1 j Tho base .was then again adjourned. ?'. j ?J;' 