A SUMMER DAY AT KEW. By PETER 'POSSUM. London is sometimes spoken of in jest as the "Little village;" without any jest it may be said that some of the most sweetly rural scenery in England lies within the "metropolitan circle." The meditative or merry-making Cockney has lovely places, by the score, in which he can dream or dance a summer's day away, after spending but a few pence and minutes on 'bus or boat or rail. What can be pleasanter, for instance, than a June or July saunter and lounge in the magnificent gardens and the richly-shaded, springy-turfed Thames-fringed pleasure grounds at Kew ? Even the tropical sun- light that has poured down day after day, week after week, month after month, on England — supposed by Frenchmen, native Australians, and other unenlight- ened individuals, never to feel the sun — has not availed to turn all the trim lawns and forest-wild glades brown- yellow. Another thing that makes Kew interesting to me is the constancy with which Australia turns up in it. An attentive student of its houses and museums could get a far more general and also minute knowledge of the bush of New South Wales than is possessed by a good many Sydney folk. Both banks of the sparkling river are bowered with the darkening foli- age of midsummer. Below the grey-white bridge an official barge, gay in green, and white and gold, is laid up in ordinary. Above the bridge, on the north bank, there are gas-works ; but, in compliment to the river's cape, they have striven hard to make them- selves ornamental. In the branch of the river that runs past them – severed from the main stream by an ait wooded to the waterside — black coal lighters are backing like hippopotami; but fairy-like skiffs are rest- ing and racing in the bigger southern branch. The bridge- foot dips into Kew Green, railed in, and margined with creamy-tasseled, lusciously fragrant limes, and surrounded by quaint old houses, ivied and em- bowered. Some of them, with quiet old women lazily touting, and somnolent waiters using their napkins as fans and fly-whisks, in arm-chairs outside, have been converted into refreshment houses that supply "tea at 9d., and taverns that provide "dinners at 1s. 6d ;" but the old-fashioned mansion to the right of the garden gates, now the herbarium and library, was once the King of Hanover's resi- dence. A line of old-fashioned Crown property run- ning to the left of the gates, is occupied as offices, &c.; Boys are playing cricket, and Cockney bridal parties, uncomfortably conscious of their fine clothes, are parading, like London ducks in peacocks' feathers, on the Green, which scorching suns have made a brown. There is a quiet little raised island in its midst, marked off by a sunk dwarf wall. Within the wall on a site given by Queen Anne, stand the little red- brick chapel, and a tiny but thickly- serried grove of weather-stained tombstones. William Aiton, one of the "Fathers" of Kew Gardens — the author of Hortus Kewensis — lies in that little churchyard, hard by Gainsborough and others of his friends. His grave is near enough to the gardens for their fragrance to float over the quiet spot in which the indefatigable botanist continues his life-long work in humble style, by decaying into daisies. Handsome stone-piered gates, bossed with gilt shields, give entrance to the gardens. A broad path runs thence, between grass, and flowers, and trees, to the fence that divides the gardens from the Palace Grounds. The picturesque, red-brick Stuart mansion house, bought for a palace for that very prosaic Han- overian, Queen Charlotte, glows out of its green groves like a ripe apple. On its velvet lawn stands a grey dial-pillar, with an inscription on its pedestal, setting forth that on that spot, nearly a century and a half ago, stood the telescope which enabled Bradley to make his discoveries of the aberration of light and the mutation of the earth's axis. On the left of the walk that runs westwards from the gates is the old Arboretum — a very tiny one in comparison with the 270 acres now devoted to that purpose, but containing, nevertheless, a curious col- lection of trees, assembled in congress from all quarters of the globe. One of the most interesting,, perhaps, is the ivy-sheeted torso of an aged cedar of Lebanon. Its 400 sisters left in Syria do not spread their funereal fans beneath hotter sunlight than pours down on this old tree in the English summer of 1868, on the other side of the walk, a fan-leaved palm from Northern China, manages with a great coat of matting on, to bear our winter al fresco, and not far from it is a Chili palm, that looks anything but chilly on this blazing summer day. Australian trees and shrubs used to tenant the tropical house upon the right, but they have flitted to the new winter garden, or temperate house. The tropical house is now moistly hot tropical jungle of aroids, palms, papaws, tree ferns from the West Indies and Norfolk Island, bananas and plantains, gamboge trees, choco- late trees, sugar-canes, pepper plants, &c.; The papaw, it is said, will make the toughest newly-killed meat tender, if hung up for a few hours in its boughs. If Australian butchers cultivated papaws in their killing-yards, might not Australian beef and mutton be rendered more enjoyable to dentally deficient masticators ? Another plant in this house suggests a wrinkle. Touch the juice of the Dumb Cane with the tongue, and the toucher suffers torture, and is ren- dered speechless. Is not this manifestly nature's provision for the taming of a shrew? Man's con- trivance of the cucking-stool seems very clumsy in comparison. Whilst seated on the trebucket, when emerging from the water, the communis rixatrix (if worthy of the name) could take indemnifying ven- geance on her castigators by still using her tongue, and still more fiercely. From the tropical house you can wander to the sungilt ornamental water— dotted with brown water-fowl— between Chilian plants that look like Giant Rhubarb, thickets of rhododendron, and graceful deodars arranged on either hand like soldiers keeping the line open for a pro- cession. You can rest in the abundant shade of a noble mossy- cupped oak from Turkey, or trip over the grass to look at the little ailanthus whose bigger brethren are, perhaps, destined to supply Spitalfields with silk spun by Australian bombyres. An Australian, however, can find objects of a more immediate interest by turning into the old orangery, now used as a museum for timber. The specimens are chiefly colonial, and envious are the remarks which English housewives make when they look at the polished Australian slabs. "How I should like that for a round table," says one, "Wouldn't that be a sweet wavy mottle for a bedroom suite?" cries another. "It's just like sunlight rippling on a wall. You can only get 'japanned maple' now, and the soap-dish sticks to the stand. and the least drop of wet, or bit of a scratch, brings off the paint as if the thing had got skin-disease." Amongst the British specimens there is a sample of more interest to lovers of Shake- spere than doters on handsome upholstery : a frag- ment of Herne's oak, blown down five years ago — the trysting tree of Falstaff and the fairies. To the botanist, probably, the most attrac- tive objects in this museum would be the specimens of Welwitschia mirabilis, the African lusus naturae. It looks queer in the Museum, but still queerer must it look in its habitat. It lives a hundred years, and attains a respectable circumfer- ence, and yet never rises more than a few inches from the ground, and all its life long bears but a single brace of leaves — torn into shreds, like a fighting dog's ears, long before it dies. It may be a proof of igno- rance, and perhaps profanity (although Emerson's friends considered "risibility" one of the divine attributes), to talk about lusus naturae ; but in pre- sence of such an odd creation as this, it is impossible to avoid fancying that nature does really make some things for mere fun, just as a man, in an idle mood, flourishes grotesque face on his blotting pad. Australia enters an appearance again in the Tropi- cal Aquarium — another vapour bath, draped with passion-flower, the silver-spangled, red- leaved Javan vine, and other graceful creepers. The red and blue and white blossoms of Australian nymphaere bathe and bask in the circular tank, around its queen, the Victoria Regis, whose great leaves float on the water like round shields of green copper. In other tanks the Sacred Lotus swims, and the Papyrus lifts on high its tufts of feathery flowers. Rice, arrowroot, mangold, tiny banyans, and caladiums that look like spearheads of veined malachiae frosted with powdered silver, are other breathers of the dreamy lotus-eaters' atmosphere in which it seemeth to be every afternoon. I made use just now of a blotting pad as a simile ; but I should have reserved it for a strange tenant of the Aquarium's shelves, the caricature plant, whose quaint, inter- lacing variegations might hare been idly traced by Leech. The hot outside air seems cool when the heavy iron door of the Victoria House bangs behind you, but another heavy iron door presently slams, shutting you into a tropical atmosphere once more — that of the Palm Stove. This is a miniature crystal palace, nearly 70 feet high where highest. A thousand feet of tanks, and 24,000 feet of pipes, packed like intestines, heat it. The smoke finds exit 500 feet off, by the lofty water tower ; hard by the tower is the coal yard hidden in foliage, and thence the coal is brought by a miniature underground railway to the furnaces. Winding staircases lead up to a gallery, from which, or at the end of the long vistas, views may be got that for vegetable variety could not be equalled even in the lands from which the exotics have been brought into crowded company : palms from the East Indies and the West, palms from Brazil, and palms from China, Honduras palms, New Zea- land palms, Australian palms, the Solitary palm of Europe, looking as abashed as a human poor relation in the presence of its proud kindred African palms, palms from the Andes and palms from the Himalayas, betel nut palms, cocoanut palms, toddy palms, tallpot palms, wax palms, vegetable ivory palms, date palms, bananas and plantains, screw pines, bam- boos and banyans, gum dragon trees, fig trees, sensitive plants, pimenta, mangoes, Australian chestnuts, sugar canes, tamarind trees, coffee shrubs, pitch pines, Indian nettles, Paraguay tea, fruiting passion flowers, begonias, "cannibal salad" (used, I heard an old lady say, "by them Aus- tralian savages" with roast leg of man) — these are but some of the occupants of that wonderful palm stove. In another tropical stove cinnamon, the baobab, the bread-fruit tree, indiarubber trees, and many another lover of a soil that always keep the warmth of the sun's kiss in it, are represented. But I shall never get through the gardens or my paper, if I jog on at this rate. I must henceforth flit like a butterfly from house to house, stopping only to notice amongst the quaintly beautiful orchids, the American one which the pious ruffians who followed Cortes and Pizarro christened the Holy Ghost, from the flower's resemblance to a dove lighting. I light for a moment on one lawn to mark a rapidly growing Wellingtonia, and on another to moralise the Cytisus Adami, a cross between the laburnum and the Cytisus purpures. What is bred in the sap will come out in the blossom, and this hybrid bears at the same time the parental and its proper flowers. On another lawn is a Judas tree, carrying the thoughts of one who has lived in New South Wales back to the pretty little gardens washed by Farm Cove. Very little do they seem when remembered at Kew, but, no- netheless, they retain their prettiness. There is a whole houseful of begonias — the leaves of one like the leaves of ivy, cut out in bloomiest velvet and veined with silver. By the Mesembryanthemum House, an Australian euca- lyptus warms itself in the congenial sunshine, as a traveller toasts himself before an inn fire that reminds him of the blazing hearth at home. The prickly pears and the American aloes in the Succulent House are familiar objects to the Australian lounger ; but what queerly diversified clans these cactus and aloe families are. An armoury of all kinds of pointed blades combined with a nightmare vision of vegetation afflicted with the gout ! As the old lady formerly quoted forcibly observed, "Wonderful is the varieties of natur !" Around the green house a host of Australian plants have come out for change of air. Their inside lodgings have been temporarily taken by an eye-dazzling show of pelergoniums, calceo- larias, azaleas, fuschias, camellias, &c.; ; but within there is still the phormium tenax, and the Australian daisy. Australia and South Africa almost share the Heath House and its purlieus between them ; and in the tropical Fern House, as many as have read the story, and can stand the heat, linger to look at the nardoo plant— on which the ill-fated Victorian ex- plorers lived — to death. The funny little "temples" of the Sun and AEolus, and Minden's victory, have still to be glanced at before we get into the pleasure grounds, and two crammed museums ought to be explored; but months of study and reams of paper would be necessary to do justice to those magnificent collections, bringing the use of botanical science home to the humblest intelligence, and offering a field for the loftiest to expatiate in. In both, the Australian colonies pop up with a persistent "Here we are again!'' Growing in the open air, or under glass, and treasured in glass- cases, Australian products are so numerous at Kew that, as I have before suggested, it is the most home-like place an Australian can find in England — especially in the prefect splendidly golden weather. The Australian object, however, that chiefly attracted my unscientific eye in the museums, how- ever, wes a little view of Allan Cunningham's willow- shaded, initialled obelisk in your Botanic Gardens. Branching from the Palm Stove, three avenues lead into the Arboretum, divided from the garden by a wire fence. These avenues, the Pagoda Vista, the Sion Vista, and the Cedar Vista, score the Pinetum, an ecumenical council of conifers, which will be noble when full-grown. The first-named is so called because it ends in a ten-storied pseudo-Chinese 'l'aa' – the Chinese and English hawshaw swells seem to have the same word for "tower." The second is so called be- cause, if you follow its direction, you will come out opposite Sion House, the Duke of Northumberland's rural Middlesex mansion, rising up brown-white upon and against its lseel grctn lawn, and more picturesque green trees, on the other side of the Thames. Glance at '"King Wil- liam's" brownish-yellow Temple, and at the flagstaff, a Douglas fir spar, of whose 159 feet of length 147 are above ground ; leisurely stroll through the new Temperate House, or Winter Garden, a magni- ficently proportioned greenhouse, an Alexandra Park Palace in miniature, erected mainly for the accommodationn of representatives of the Australian Sylvia — so recurrent, are Australian sights and scents here that, although you cannot exactly fancy yourself in lofty Australian bush, you might easily fancy yourself in aromatic, dull-green Australian scrub, were not cattle-tracks a good deal less straight, and wide, and smooth than the paths along which you wander. Having done this, go forth and wander at your own sweet will in the 300 acres of elastic turf in which, without leaving a foot-mark, you sink up to the ankle, and of fragrant swaths of hay, thickly dotted with noble trees, single, in clumps and in avenues. You might be hundreds of miles away from London, and yet hear more noise and see more people. You startle a squirrel a yard ahead of you. It gallops over the grass, and scampers a few yards up the rough red stem of a Scotch fir, whence it looks down on you securely, lustily scolding you for your impertinent intrusion. Blackbirds flute at your very elbow. In the lake swans float in dreary calm. Every- where there are magnificent trees — their trunks quite hidden by the thick-leaved benches that trail on the ground like the skirts of an Empress's robe. Green powdered beeches, oaks, native and foreign, elms, and flowering limes as high as elms, hickories, walnuts, pines, junipers, cedars, Cypresses, horse chestnuts and Spanish chestnuts, maples, willows, mulberries, birches, alders, poplars, boxes, ashes, all in the perfection ot their form, make Kew Pleasure Grounds a landscape-painter's paradise. A hollow walk, clumped with rhododendrons, winds beside the river. If it were not for the little labels which science has fastened to the trees (the seats beneath may be excused, although the grass is a still better testing-place for weary legs), art and nature might kiss each other on a summer day in the Kew Arboretum. You come out on the grassy top of the gray, sunk wall which, with a weedy fish haunted moat, divides the pleasure grounds from the quiet towing-path of the Thames. Beyond it is the bright, silently, but swiftly flowing river, with a solitary oarsman resting on his dripping, flashing oars, and beyond that bank the reed-fringed brown- green Middlesex meadows. Turn into the grounds again as soon as dirty Brentford comes in sight, take the taste of that ugly town out of your eye by fresh ramblings in green, silent shade, and then enter the bright, busy gardens once more, spangled with the brilliant toilettes of the afternoon visitors who are thronging into them, and their own still more brilliant parterres. However lazy you may have been, you cannot say perdidi diem when you issue from the great gates to the quaint old green.. 