THE THEATRE ROYAL. Possibly Mr. Coppin's opinion of the thertri- <*> cal taste of the Adelaide public underwent some modification if he was present at the "Royal" on Monday evening, and he might come to the conclusion that Shakspeare's plays in the hands of actors who are able to exhibit a true con ception of his characters will Jtotiail to draw largo audiences. Every part of the house was crowded, and the delight of the whole assembly amounted to enthusiasm. Mr. Montgomery on appearing aa Hamlet, met with bursts of diftanng. Anticipation was excited to the utmost respecting his rendering of the character; but criticism was soon over, and its plaoe sup plied by feelings of delight and admiration. No actor who has preceded Mr. Montgomeiy in Adelaide has achieved so complete a triumph in bis impersonation of Hamlet. He seem* to have perfectly conquered all temptation to these exaggerations of violence in voice and manner to which most tragedian! give way in their representation of the mad Prince. His melancholy brooding over bis father's murder, - the stern resolve, the insanity, feigned or real, the intensify of anguish and tempests of wrath, all were painted in vivid but lifelike colors. Nothing was overstrained;. the subdued anger, occasional outbursts of passion, galling sarcasm' soliloquy, were natural throughout The acting was not of the stage stagey, but had all the effect of reality. Voice, expression, and manner were suited to each change of scene, and to every varying mood. The audi ence were entranced, and even tbe de fects in some of the other characters scarcely could mar the effect of the grand central figure. Mr. Montgomery was far more effectively supported than we expected. Mr. tfolloway quite took the hou^e by surprise as the Ghost of tbe murdered monarch, bis voice being subdued, sepulchral, and solemn, his manner at once quiet and unearthly. A hearty round of applause rewarded bis delivery of the dialogue with Hamlet. Mrs. Helloway ap peared to advantage as tbe Queen, though at times there was a want of animation in her rendering of some of tbe most thrilling scenra. Miss St Denis's Ophelia was a remarkably skilful piece of acting, and those who only saw bcr in this character at the Town Hall could enjoy her representation of it under so much more favorable circumstances. The madness of the poor stricken orphan ? is a most difficult part to represent, so easily might a. ludicrous turn be given to: Ophelia's most touching manifestations of grief and derangement ;]but in these scenes Miss St. Denis acquitted herself with striking success. Mr. Welsh personated tho guilty Claudius, and where the players bold up the mirror of his own conduct to the fratricide,'the expression of guilt. and horror was very natural. There wbs con siderable merit in Mr. Lawrence's rendering of Laertes, the only fault being at times rather too much stiffness. Mr. Stanley and Miss Melville got ihiough the dramatic scene passably enough. Miss Forde made a good page. Mr. Greville was of course in his element as the Gravedigger, and gave full point to all the hnmor of the dialogue. The other characters were repre sented endurably, though the courtiers were not particularly courtly either in style or de livery. We must not forget Mr. Bogera's PoloDJus, which was made decidedly too comic. Polonius was fussy and verbose, but there was nothing of the buffoon about him. His advice to his son ou starting for France was omitted, and the old man was hardly treated fairly in having his weaknesses exposed and bis sound moral philosophy ignored. Mr. Montgomery was called before the curtain at the dose of each act, and received an ovation at the final fall of the curtain. To-night, Mr. Montgomery will appear as Louis XL, and those who wish to see finished and polished acting, will be gratified by an evening at tbe Royal 