KYNETON YOUNG MEN'S CIATION. ASSO- The fifty-first ordinary meeting of t>>is b dy was held in th? Natiosal Schoolroam, <m Thursday, the 10th instant, Mr D GlasB, Yicf-Presidcnt, io the chair. The minutes of the previous meeting were read and confirmed. Mr Thomas Gardiner wae eleoted a.member of the Association, and Messrs tfm McDonaH, William Drinkwater, and William Bobbin®, wete proposed as candidates for membership. " Payment of Parliamentary representatives/' was chosen, ts the next subject for discussion, to be opened by Mr Armstrong, in the negative, iJrP O Cox read an essay on " The Influence o! Christianity up&n; Female character." He reviewed the condition of woman in Greece and Rome, before the introduction of Christianity; aad, in madam days, in countries where lbs irfluenee of Cbrittisnity has not been ftltj then, their improved condition during the ministry of Christ and His Apostles; and conoluded an interesting essay by ehowine how, in modern days, through the enlightening influence of our most holy religion, woman baa risen from the degrading position she once held, to her true one— the helpmate of man. The following readings were then given:—"Fall Charge,"—Mr Holding ; • • The Historical Butcher,"— Mr Blyth; Byron's "Addresa to the Ocean/'—Mr Southern; "Fox Hunting,"—Mr ' Bleeoowe ; "Letter from the Oil' Springs"—W Arnsld; •• M.-derate Wishes,"—Mr Jeskyns. Messrs Worrell and Csatles recited the Ghost soene, from "Hamle : . After a vote of thanks to the essayist and readers, the meeting adjonraed »o Thursday, tfce 23rd inst. Amongst the Parliamentary papen just published, we bave the report of tbe Inspeotor-Generel of Publio Works on the best means of estsblishiog a permanent opening to the Gipps Land 'Lakes, the cost ot which he estimates at £40,000. Simultaneously'with this we have the report of tbe Engineerin Chief oa the two lines of railway project a d for the Gippslanders—that, from Port Albert to Sale, and that to go direct from Melbourne to Sale—and Mr Efiginbotham nohesi'atingly prefers tbe latter, as the only ona capable of competing with the aea traffic. Many persons, however, question the policy of attempting to ooaipete with tha water route. If tfae recommendations of Hr Ward ell are carried out, goedg aud passenger® will be eonveyel to Bale at a rate whioh will keep down the trsffio rates of any erallwsy that can be constructed to ike same district, and it seems hopeless under such circumstances to •spaal a return which would justify \he outlay, peaially as then would bo bat lhe~through trsffio depend upon. 