ITEMS OF NEWS. The entries for' ehoqtipg on 2ncj jVTnrch at Mr f3eddnrd's for the priz.o flog pud fhe Jlerkahiro prio sow .pre to bp mpd,q jbot later fhan jMondpy pvening. " , We perceive by an advertisement in another: column that Mr Hamilton,' our IocbI Professor of1 Phrenology, is to givo a lecluro at the Mount Alexander Hotel, Chewton, on Tuesday ov.ening poxt." A meeting of the shareholders of theGastlemeine Giis Cqmp/iny took place yeatorday, ntlliP.olDco, J. yV. Burnett, Esq,, ill the chair. Tho report and pccouuts were adopted, and it'wpuld appear, frqm the premium at which tho company's dqliaptuy-es, were r.ecpntly sold, tfipt their affairs prp in'jr" inuch more faypurablp coflditio.n thanfpr ppme; tipie past. i Mr D wight, the publisher, has forwarded us,' in pamphlet form, a repriut of " The humble pddresses of Menassoh Ron Israel, a divine ami doctor of physic, ou bphulf ofthe Jewish nation, 1655." If the sale nffoi-ds the publisher suffi cient encouragement, he purposes reprinting other writings by the same author. Some few evenings ago a member of tho thieving fraternity deemed it advisable to enter the garden, of Mr Yandell, of Campbell-stieet, and teat the quality of the peaches. Having satisfied himself (hey were good, tho scoundrel was not qoato'at with ; a few, hut completely demolished the best trees' in i tho gardou. This is tho second time Mr Y"a'iideH" has'received a similar' visit. A tliird attoiqpt might not prove bo agreeable to the nocturnal .visitor. M hp Gqildfqcd Ppjifie Cpurt, yosterdoy, thp, pnly pap honr(| w'ps onq pf iqeujnpg fanguagq, in ttj)jolij tho qfifpflQnt ryp finq w)(l) ootirt PosHt Tho Jhjstla nuisanqp promjpa tq pyorrpn thevicinity of- Guildford.1 In birory' direction the wood is growing luxuriantly, and many fields until lately free from it now promise a plentiful crop". ' Rithbr'tho law'br 'th'o manner'in whicn jt is appljpd is yttqrly pnablp to cope with what is assuming a gigantio evil. " The Mining Board election (vjiibb t8''68 P'?CP to-day, jyjll e?cifo p k0n qontept, jint wo hjvp every reason fo believe that the result will be the rojum of ' the two qld mcmberg, MP?ara Rowe nnd Atkinson. Without saying anything digparagipgly qf Messrs Scotson and Gloinow, whose candidature might otherwise be favoured, wp miflhj vqry fairly say that tip oltj poqrbers nave done their duly towards'their constituents, and this givqa (Jipl1 ft P'a!P The miners must remember that the powers hf thp Mjnipg Board are iq reality of a yery re stricted pharpcter, and itg members cpnpot .go beyond the authority with which tlie'y "are in vested. Both tho gentlemen named have been pnnctunl in their attendance at the deliberations of the Boapdj aqd havq jolfeq pt (ill tinjes not oply an aptive part but a ucoessfql gne iq all that haa been initiated by themsol ves' or othors for the benefit of the miners of the district. If the qjjpprs dejirq tq oust pither or both pf thq re.- tiring members, their choice should then fall on Messrs Seotspn, and Clemowt Mr "VY. H. Vih: eon, "formerly a Triember'oT tjje Mining Board, is also a candidate. There were no magistrates to attend the police court at Neystgad for the lst twp. Wqs, an omission whieli should not occur, 'seeing 'the Cqqrt jg pnjy hejd pnqp p weplf . Ijasf Thursday ih'er'e were several cases bf importance set dqwn for trial, and persons connected with sogiq of tbem had come from Glengower, bnc had (o urn'wnhbulUraving'tire's'Misfaptjpn of a"hearipg. """On Wednesday a c'leve'r" capfur'e was made by Cqpptgblq Jfauson, of Newglqad, at' . Grpen Gully. A dozen Crimean shirts had been stolen from a storq at pmpaton, and p description pf the supposed thief having reached the station pt Newstead, a mqn passing jvitjp a Biyag cpmiqg under tfie'eye of Cphstjibl'p Manson, vyas ord'prqd to 8'how"wlilit Bo was carry in'g."'Witljoift, j)ggitp- lion tho traypller unfolflpd hjs kit, iut was somp- what surprised at being immediately arrested ftjr having in his possession shirts such as those lopt ' at Sgjqgtpq. Tjift ploypjreoper ygs jnfarfged pf the capture, and attended at the Cpurt qn Thursdav'tp'icjpntify the property and give evi dence as fo tlie theft, but thetp being no fljpgip- trates tp prejldo at the Bepph, tho case p'oa ne- cessarily pogippped, ppd tjje pjpp plarged with the theft was convoyed 'to the' Caetlemaine gapl ypjtterday. The district coroner held pp inquest yesterday on a fire which occurred on the night of tlje 26th jpst., gt a . point beyond New London, on the road to Fryers, via Campbell's Creek. Tlfe principal evidence 'whs that of the woman to .Whom' the burnt house belonged. A man named Monaghan had "upon her information been arregtqd, f|)ppg,ed vffh wijfully cguqipg flip fire. With this inpn the woman cqhgbite'd, "ana It ap peared from the evidence' that on the night in queptjpn bfitb .of fhqpj 'had bqep dpinking, but not in each 'other's company.' When home to gether tip ppnt hpf afj'pr goip.e bqijr. anfj came to meet her. An altepcatiqn ensped, as lie charged hpr wit| loitering on the way pnd sitting between isfo ppnep,' w bicii the evidpnpe showed phe rqally had nol'iJqn'q.' Re' left her, going in the dipep; tiqp pf fhe hopse! '.She fqll.q5v.ed. and a? she neprei the pp.emiees saw the prisoner coming out from the rear, and at the same moment the roof was in flames. This occurred at 9 p.m. Infor- mailOH was given iu iuo (iuiiuet tiuu ouo luiiun: ing morning Constable King arrbstedthe prisoner. Atthepolice'station'/when confronted' with' flip wpipan, he said, " Ypn were 'sitiing fjetwe'eh two Danes/ab'd"I did burn' tlie house down/' At another time he also said, " I did burn the house down, and do not care for the conse quences." After hearing this, with other evi dence, the jury found that the man before tho court pet lire to tho premise's,' and he was then committed for trial at the' next Sandhurst Criminal Sessions. In Taylpr Y the ColonialBank of Australasia, a case heard lirth's Cqunty Court, M.elh.pnrue, on Thursday, the plaintiff puqd to fepover ffbm tlie hank the sum of £26 ls'fiajffiicjhbad be :en paid jn undep the follow ing circumataflees. FlaintijT wag agepf to Dr. Mackay, sayp the Agp, the late coroner for the district of Caeflgmgine/apd guardian of some orphan children. A day or two after Dr. Mackay's death, plaintiff's clerk took to tho bank the sum in dispute, which he informed the bank official was portion of a trust fupd to which Dr. Mackay was the guardian. On that understanding it was paid in to Dr. Mackay's private account. It would seem that this was overdrawn, and the bank claimed this sum in liquida tion of the deficit. A letter was produced from Dr. Mackay's sole executor giving up all claim to tho money, and the court found for the plaintiff, subject fo points reserved, for the full amount. Mr B. Miller was for the plaintiff, Mr C. A. Smith for the hunk. (Who ivould havp thquglit our pprtly friend in Hargravc-street is only a ghost). The Bendigo Advertiser says— On Thursday, an old man named Alexander Ellis, at one time, it is stated', messenger at the Bank 'of Victoria, Sand hurst,' but latterly employed by Mr M'Lean, store- keeper/iiijge.ajre.et, tq work for hipi ip thq Burra Burra claim, Long Gully, met with aii accident by which, in a few moments, 'he was deprived of his life. It appears that lie was engaged at the windlass hauling up quartz from a depth of sixty feet, "and iu landing one o.f 4 ife buckets bis foot, it is surmised, slipped, apd hp 'was p'recipitatcij dojvn'the gliaft. Hp fell oil hup hejjd,' frqm tlie top of which fh.e scalp \vae iorh/afijff the a"kull completely pma,shefl. The bay yrho haff been filling tho buckets below oalleff big fath,er, who was ip the , drive, and they pt qpee went to Ellis', but on raising him (jiscovpfed tbpt he wag quitp',dead. The body was sabsequeptly re moved to thp Gold M ines Hotel, where it awaits an inquest. Tho following (says the Kynoton Guardian), whioh we quoto from a leading article in the last number qf .the squatter's organ, tho Mel bourne Economist, >s eqpeoiully significant, at a time when an impresssion Vory generally pre vails .that. tlie M'Culloch Ministry, in their desire to retain office, have mado terms for the support of tho pastoral' tenants " We candidly confess wp would much rather bo in the hands of Mr M'Citllpch fhan in those of Mr Puffy, pp ,of Mr Duffy's associates. At all ovonts, Mr M'Cul loch js.a man of business.; lie has been suffi ciently Jlong in Australia .to understand tho relative advantages and prospects of grazing and agriculture ; and we firmly believo that, so long as he is in power,' -therd is ho oliance of a Bar- lippipnt cpmmittiug auoji an atrqcip.us/plly as the passing ,of a Homestead Aot." From the Mansfield Courier we find that " A man named John Middleton; but 'who was 'better known as ' Sailor Jack,' was fouqd dead in his hut at Mpssrs Forsyth's station. The result of imsgisterial inquiry .was to the effect ' that death had arisen from natural .causes. The deceased WAayvell-Jknoyvn.as an.eqergp.ijd prqapeotpr, and a.t tjie tipo .'of li|s " d oath jr,a? ejigBged in' .that pqrspit.apiQPgst'tlio ranges in ,thp, neighbourhood of the Devil's River." Fqw w.ero awaro of Jack's real name, but all .know of his indefatig- ablo exertions in the mountains ip search of reels and of the succoss whioh often attended his prospecting excursions. At Kilmore he disco vered some reefs which at the present day remain valuable properties. At Wood's Point he was also fortunate, and claimed tho honour of dis covering the AU Nations and other reefs, whieli wore for a Jong timo heldju repute. Mpiiy of tho reels in Gippsland owo their origin ,to Jaok, hut few of them .are in very high estimation at present, and many of the shareholders, espe cially in .the Britannia and Eldorado, on the Crooked River, would bo better satisfied if ho had not met .with so ouiiaiog a show as that roef .presented on the surface. Although qften in a .position to have roalisod an independent fortune, he nov.cr .tapk .r.dvfintoo of tho opportuoity. 4-n jnla'nd paper is scarpejy thp place whe|p nows regarding oyster cultqre xqighl bo lopked for ; but this from tho Bordgr Post (Mouqt Gambior) is now to us:— ilSoqiq time siqco placed the public in possession of tlgo faat thqt steps were about being taken to introduce that delicious bivalve, tho oyster, into the waters of Port Macdonneil. We are now in a position to state that thp proper season having arrived, tho necessary steps pre being 'taken in Ilobson's Bay to prosure a sufficient ettpply of the young qystep for tho purpqse, and in a few weeks tlipy Will bp distributed oq thp ground in the By selected for the pqrppso until time fully de velops thoir procreative powers, 'when a supply is anticipated sufficient for tho district." . "The opening of the Ararat and Beechwprjh afylums has gjven risp tq a qovql bind pf jraffip-p tlie cdnveyanfco of lunatics from the.Yarta. Bond tp tl(Ofs ulnces. Messrs Robprtson and Co.j" snys tho Mansfield Courier, ''have the contract fop'their conveyance. Tjvo huiidrotj are ns- sjgped jq Beechworth, qntj aboqt half that nunj- bor'have already boeti forwarded. ' The disad vantage of Beechworth boiug at such a distance- from Melbourne has been already oxporioncocj, for the patients are thrco days and nights on tho road, ' whepeas they pan bo sopt through to Ararat- in one -day. Thoy travel by special coach, under the charge of two experience 1 wjip bgye no enyialjlo tak in tpkin » care' of a number' bf lunatic's' over such si Ion » journey." The case of Messrs E. imd H-. Williams v thq manbgers of the Borough Common was heard on . Tuesday before Judge Clarke. The case for spmq time papt has beep, creating considerable inl terest in tho' district'/cbiisequently tho court way well cyowed at fhq hoarj'ijg. - Thp plaintjf)js( fo the j purpdsb of 'carrying v'oh their business, often puf phase some hundreds of shoop, which they keep at'tfiefarK', about three miles from Creswick anH"MUd,RifhTn Jl)b aTqyq"riKj3pfqugi Cbm- mon.5l Every day the plaintiffs drove ilieir Bheejj from the farm to the place of business, Creswick. for the purpose of selecting some for killing) aqdf he remainder they drove badk again to the farm, ancj 011 this ground they considered themselves as act ing with the meshing' of tfyo 'Act, wbfch gives permission to drive and depasture travelling sheep within certain restrictions. The Court did not holcj tjiem to be travelling sheep withinJ the meaning of the Act, and gave a verdict for the defendants! — ' Creswick' Advertiser) About half-past three o'clock on Thursday morning (says the Star) a melancholy accident occurred in the 'mine of the North Gfenville Cpmpppy, Scprsdale, wjiprpby oue of (he yyork- pjpn n.tinpd Edw»r4 ALbatt was killed on the spot. The deceased and his mate, Mr Nathaniel Keys, werp opening a blocking drive off the main, drive. The first set was in, a false set was then put in, and pftprvytrd? tl|q second set. When about half a dozen laths in the second set had been driven, a slight running began, and the deceaspd, who was in a kneqling position, 00m- mencpd to put in a "shorf lujh "yvitli" lie view of stopping tho run, when the cap-piece next the main drive, abpuf seven inchest in diameter, broke in the centre, and a fall of earth then took place, overwhelming the deceased, who expired Witjiqut a groan. .'Mp 'jleyL the mpie of the deceased, narrowly escaped witli his life. All handp on the shift werp ins(fui|ly Ht work to extricate thp decetWld, nn.d tile body wns reco vered in about an hour afterwards, but life was then evidently lqng exfincfj f)ie deceased, though crushed aliout 'the' chest and 'limbs, having pro bably died of suffocalion.' 1 An election speech at Portland in thus noticed by" the Guardian := " The following eloquent address wns delivered from the balcony of a cey- I ain IiaIaI n ftoe Mi» Dnliiira liaH rnhipnaH f-.lmnlra: and ell the election Business' was settled. ITbe address was thus deljvered : — ' ShentlmnJ! gotopot 1 !' (We may liere observe tl( at during the delivery of the address some 'ff lend of the speaker was trying 'to prevail' ' upon' him to come iuto the housq.) ' I'll shpeak t'youlikea bird; had 'toomush'dripjt:;" qqnjjararpp ! you all dunrong. If yor or'ey knew ROPF yyfiaL'l he ther rezult, theryez— (herp ths spppker melted into .tears.) I wqpigo in ! beoffl I'm quiet man likelamb ; (here speaker struck fiercely at a friend who was: trying to force 1 him into 'the house) but I earnt bear t'see men going wrong !' Here the speaker gesticulated violently "and com menced tq denounce the ganeral publjo in an un known tongue) Itj tjie meanljme,' several of big friends we're in deep consuitalidn'as lo lipyy they should get the orator away. At length one of them huppened to call to mind fwo pictures which he had seen, one representing a boy mounted on a donkey and trying in vain, by threats and blows,' to drive the animal along ; the olhyr n hoy qp a dpnkey wljich was tearing along at a slapping pace under the seductive in fluence of a bunch of vegetables tied to the end of a stick, which the rider held before ' Jenny's' nose. Taking a lesson from those pictures, the anxious frieuds mixed a stiff glass of brandy punch, which one' of them took outside ppd held to windward of the colonial Demiojitlieuses. As the fragrant steap from the 'lumbler 'curled around Tji's jjogjtf|(s, the' 'high spirit of patrjqtism wBLcff hnd hitherto upheld tho orator gave way, pnd gtvjng venf tq a bovyl oxpyesgiye , of rage/sorrow, pity, |iepevo|enc'e, anger, merrj- ment, remqrs.e, feypnge, feay) jea|oupy,. joy, and misery, tlio eloquent gentlpmau retired into the house." ' . . Mr Cpljp Coqiphell writes pp follows. io i.thg. Aygus oq the results of the -election " Will you allow me to make a few remarks on the.pre-- sent striking position of political- parlies, iu tliis colony? As the result of the general 'election- wo have fifty- eight Ministerial ' memhers 'to twenty Oppositionists, with a "constituency poll ed, according to y, 04 r figuyeg, of '33,728"lp 28,888 on the ostensible issue qf ippludiug' the Darling graut in the Appropriation Act. While, there fore, the membeis' returned are in the ratio of nearly tliree to one, tho electors are iu thp ratio of about eight to'sSveri. As the a'ppeql spas mado expressly to the opinions of the consti tuency, their recorded votes pre of course tho teat of those opinions. The auomuly between the tvjro r.csults ip extraqdipajy, aud it is in vain for the .Gqypyn'ueijt prgtjng "tp talk of " jjuin- careeruteijl l.unpfiqs' " ppflljitlg tp. iutroduqa soma form of ropiesentation of minorities in the face of suph p'fau t qs tliiq . ' T|irep:Cor|ied constj; tue'iicips w'.q're jpLro4upnd into tl|e English Re form Bili.qn'i.iio yecpnuueudatioii of Lord St. Leonards, one of tho most sensible of Eng lish statesmen, -and wijl receive p lair trigl in the mother country.- It is useless to doviso ingenious complications, when the principle of minorities can be so easily applied to all the more populous constitueucita by giving tliem three members with two yo.tes, wbilo tlie remaiping seats oau bo distributod locully and territorially, with single members, among (lie smaller townships and coun try districts. Iu U10 history of Parliaments Wo flud that it was not until Leicestor's tiiiie, in tlio .first half of tho thirteenth century,' that true representation was ' thought of at pll, and the decision by it hinjority lias lipon thq rulp qver .since bqcauso ijie pyrleotidn'ol' thb'systpro vyas neither sought' for nor arrived at. Tho repre sentation of minorities was, however, the inten tion of Mr Haines, who was responsible for tho 'introduction of our pfe'seut suffrage, and was only defeated by a combination of his own sup porters with the Opposition. One groaf blemish of his p)«n, however, was its uniformity in re quiring throe seats. In the present state of qur representation Englishmen, us lovers of fair p|ay, arp bound to remedy au obvious injustioe ; .and there is no rensou why reform of the Coun cil should not also bo carried out on the basis of ,three cornered constituonoes. As to Hare's plan as a whole, I cannot help thinking that for us it jis " fanciful and impracticable," for British electors must have a "local habitation aud ja name iu. cqrrjng out 'pjragljoi)) repreBenta- jtiou." 