..THE CONIIOY GAP JUUUDERS.' i The Yass Courier, of 'Wednesday, mentions that Collins, or Muhday, is still an inmate of the Yass gaol, but it is expected that he will bo re- . moved ,to Goulburn in a few duys. Dr. Campb«ll : ywiteel the 'gaol on Saturday last for the purpose of endeavouring to ascertain the mental state of the prisoner, and we understand that the jmpres sion on the doctor's mind is, that Mtinduy is noil compos inentUr The filthy Btiite in which his head and beam were at tne time ot ins arrest nas oei*n partially changed by a copious application of soap and water, and the use of a comb and brush. The gaol regulations do not permit the compul sory shaving and cropping of prisoners for trial, otherwise it would hnve been easy enough to get rid of the vermin. Alter washing hia feet from the dust of the roads, for it must he remembered that he had no boots on when taken, there were unmistakable, stains of blood — the blood of his victims— on his heels, and which it has been found impossible to remove. He is Rtill very communi cative about the murdera he committed, although the rest -if the prisoners hold no intercourse with him whatever. Heofieu repeats that he knows ne win ue nangea, ana uoes not, aeauvut live, as he had -all through life been cruellVj treated ; he wished to sec what sort of place the other world was. On one occasion, in alluding to the Gap. murders, he said, they were nothing to what he did at Maithmd, and for which he received a sen-, tence of fifteen years. He appears to have always suspected those who employed him of intention to cheat him of his wages. .He said he hired once' with the family of a squatter, and when the tiuie approached for the completion of his -agreement,, he expected nothing else tlmn to be turned uw.ny without a settlement. . 'If,' said he, ' they had done so, I would have put the whole of them to sleep.' He further, said that Conroy's lot was not the first he had put to sleep. Death, he said, did not frighteu him ; he 'was never frightened of it but once, when, while on horseback, he was at ttt the edge of a precipice, and ono-faUe step would have sent liiui to the other world. The- only instance of monomania that can be traced in the prisoner are, that he stated on one occasion that he had been beaten while asleep at Conroy's, and on another,. since his confinement in gaol, that Conroy and his wife, while he was in bed at the Gap, threwjhandfuls of lice over his head and body, which accounted for the filthy state in which ? he was. Since the terrible deeds were enacted at- the Gap, no one. has occupied the hoime in which the murders were committed. Themat tress, which had covered some of the bodies, und which had been left under'the verandah, has been removed, and, we believe, burnt. The man who assisted in placing the bodies in the curt on the morning after the murders Inis' sineo taken charge of the sheep, and occupies the detached building in which Mrs. Conroy slept. At night, tne passer-by will ue attracted by tne glare ot an immense fire, which may be seen through the slabs, rendering objects at a distance of fifty yards . plainly visible. /We should suppose that the remnant of the family will cause the building to be razed to the ground and burnt, destroying all visible traces of a scene of such horror. \ The Gap Range Murders. — As might have been naturally supposed, superstition has planted a ghost at the scene of this fearful tragedy. We .mentioned in our last issue that the house in which the murders were committed hud been abandoned, and that the man who had taken charge of Conroy's sheep hud located himself in ?iheJdatached building from which Mis. Conroy emerged on the fatal night, only to meet the sume doom as her husband and others. Since then, it would appear that some persons had temporarily taken up- their abode in the main . building, and on^he first night of their sleeping there,' a hand, described as heavy as that of a human creature, passed over their bodies while they laid in bed. On the second night by the light of the fire which we have referred to as burning all night, iu the place where the shepherd slept, a figure dressed in black was seen in the room where the murdera were perpetrated. The superstitious may pro bably suppose that it was That figure clothed from liend to foot, :. . . Which keeps the keys of 'all the creedn. However, one thing is certain, that so alarmed were all those at the farm- house, tempora.-y so journers, aud the shepherd, thut they have ubitn doned the place and have, pitched their camp on i//it- uuiiK. vi wio uice». vr -_? au^j^use vnab u.i auun as the eldest son has administered to his father's effects, (if the old. man died intestate) he will have the good 'sense and discretion to pull down the whole of the buildings and consume them by fire. Such a course would probably ' be pandering to superstitious instincts, but as such cannot ordi narily be overcome,'it would be as well to adopt .the course pointed out, than leave such a monu ment- of the' atrocities as would remind passers-by of the. scene of so muoh barbarity. The prisoner Mnnday continues to exhibit.no remorse, and is seemingly quite rational-on the subject of his past atrocious career. — Yms Courier. ' » Death op a Child from' Drinking Brandy. — An inquest was- held at the Police Court, Albury, on Wednesday . last (reports the Banner), before Captain Brownrigg, district coroner,. and a jury of twelve, to determine the cause of death of a little girl, the daughter of Mr. Hanry Vaughan, living on the' Sydney rood. J^rom the evidence, it appeared that Mr. Vaughan procured some brandy the even ing before fpr hia' wife's toothache, some of which, in a pure state, was left in a pannikin on the sitting-' room*»ble, whereon was alao left another pannikin containing some diluted with water. When the little girl woke' up in the morning she complained of being thirsty, and the mother told her to, jump up and get herself a drink of water. The child did so, and fancying that the pnnnikina on the table con tained water, raised one to her lips and drank a por tion of the contents, which happened to be pure spirit. When the mother discovered that the child had partaken of the brandy she promptly adminis tered B< and wator as . an emetic, and later in the day a dose of castor oil. Finding her getting worse the father came into town to find a doctor, but could not come across one until i p.m. Dr. Keating ac companied him to his residence, but the child was then dead. The jury brought in a verdict of acci dental death, and not- the slightest blame can be said to attach to the parents. - A Fenian atBorrangono.— Aman named Jaraei Cooney was charged with making uaeof disloyal ex pressions at Murrumbnrrah, in saying 'I am a Fenian to the backbone.' Be was ordered to find sureties for his good behaviour for twelve calendar months, or in default to be imprisoned for that period. — Biirrangong Argxu. 