ORIGINAL CORRESPONDENCE. All communications to this journal must be authen- ticated by the name and address of the writer. No notice will be taken of anonymous communications, and no rejected communications will be returned. To the Editor of the Wagga Wagga Advertiser. SIR,—The dreaded and monstrous chimera, which for so long a period, by a supernatural influence, has paralysed all men's reasoning faculties, socially and politically, has been '' done to death by a murderous blow" ruth- lessly dealt by the stalwart arm of our mo- dern Bellerophon the redoubtable member for the Murrumbidgee, Mr. William Macleay. The Great Dragon lies with his bloody breast and cruel talons prone on the field of Kiama, and the standard of our " Saint George " floats triumphantly above his prostrate body. From the first instant that the great " statesman " proclaimed his fecund brain pregnant of a " Dark Mystery :" from the instant that his organ of philoprogenitiveness, pulsated to the new born vitality af an em- bryo monstrosity, which he carried to ma- turity, and delivered himself of at length, amid the breezy woods and " murmuring streams " of Kiama, under the well-feigned travail, the simulated three and anguish of a great political agony, " Our Member," like the fabled Griffin, watched incessantly for an op- portunity to devour the foul conception. With all his earnestness and devotion to the cause of the country, he failed to consummate a purpose so boldly formed, and so patriotically persevered in. Parturition followed, but from that time, from the moment that the depraved and distorted bantling, stalked with hideous visage, and treasonable intent, amid the true and loyal subjects of our beloved Queen, in this most loyal country, our in- domitable champion has not ceased to dog his hateful trail until with a felon cord he has strangled and extinguished him for ever. Were it not for our member's intense love of truth, and consequent hatred of every- thing vile and false, the first mail ship which left our shore after the horrible attempt of a political madman to assassinate the son of our dear Sovereign, would have conveyed to England the report of an extended and trai- torous conspiracy existent here, organized for the perpetration of some frightful and be- fore unheard of villainy ; some " New Crime " having for its object the annihilation of all legally constituted authority in New South Wales, and the amalgamation of the people of this most loyal colony, with the vilest of Treason and Sedition Mongers. By a most determined and decisive effort such as I firmly believe no other member of our Assembly was equal to, or capable of, Mr. William Macleay prevented tho great and imminently threatened danger, and by the instant production of O'Farrell's " con- fession" gave a calm assurance to the public mind (so morbidly excited by the dark and mysterious allusions and insinuations of the member for Kiama) and assorted for the colony the standard of loyalty to which it was justly entitled. Under his irresistible necromancy the Kiama " Spirit of Evil " has been exercised, and condemned, let us hope, to wander for ever upon the sulphurous confines of Charon's territory, " a silent and melancholy ghost"—no more to revisit " . . . . the glimpses of the moon, Making night hideous : and we fools of nature, So horribly to shake our disposition, With thoughts beyond the reaches of our souls." For this great service Mr. Macleay deserves the gratitude of the whole colony, but espe- cially of this district, whose people rather pride themselves in the possession and exhibit- tion of a genuine loyalty, certainly not ex- celled by any section of her Majesty's subjects in the Australian colonies. Feeling that he has earned his laurels faithfully and well, I make no apology for helping to place them on his brow, and if " coming events " do " cast their shadows before " (as my friend " Old Chum" avers), I trust the shadow of that crown of merit may be associated with the portly substantiality of our old member, if an appeal to the country is rendered neces- sary by the result of passing circumstances. I am, Sir, Yours, very truly, ANOTHER " OLD OHUM." December 22, 1868. 