MONDAY, AUGUST 24, 1868. We live in strange times. It was but very recently that tho political atmos- phere was filled with wars and rumours of wars. Men's hearts died within them at the blast so loud and dread of the Ballarat trumpet. We are therefore charmed by the sweetness of the new scene that is now opened to us, even though the very suddenness of the tiausition is in itself somewhat startling. In one part, at least, of the country, the political millennium is approaching, The Constitutional lion has lain down with the Libeial lamb. Mi. WILLIAM A'BECKETT, who but six months since contested Mornington on Constitutional principles with Mr* M'CULLOCH, is now announced as tho Ministerial candidate for the Southern Province. To those who remember how well the noble animal roared last sum- mer, how vigorously he denounced the revolutionary party, and how great ho was upon Constitutional principles, the change in his demeanour is amazing. They must think that our lion, liko that of SNUG, the joiner, is a very fox in his valour and a goose for his discre- tion. He has cunning enough to wish to fight upon the strongest side. Ho selects that part of the field in which his defeat is certain. Whatever chanco Mr. A'BECKETT might have for tho Assembly in some nominee borough of the Loyal Liberals, his candidature in his presentcircunistancesforthe Southern Province is an insult which we hope the electors will promptly resent. It would bo far better for the province to send to the Council the very worst, if thero be any-Rorst, among Mr. M'CULLOCH'S "old hats," than to return this political rat. Wo regard Mr. A'BECKETT'S apostacy at the present time as a public mis- fortune. We need not say that we are not inconsolable at the loss of the gentleman himself. He is of little account to any party. If he ever gets into Parliament, perhaps it is better that he should join the Ministerial ranks, for he may then sometimes out of porverseness occasionally vote right. But so glaring a case of political ini | morality is injurious to the whole tone, depressed as it is, of our political condition. We are scandalized at the shuflling of Mr. JONES, and of the other political adventurers of his stamp. We are disgusted at the audacity with which they adopt or reject great political prin- ciples just as their personal interests may seem to require. But Mr. A'BECKETT is a very different person. He is a gentleman, by birth, at least, and education. He is beyond the grosser temptations of poverty. Ho bears a name which, even though ho is not likely to illustrate it, ho has at least every motive not to disgrace. And yet, from mere personal spleen, from some petty quarrel with his former party, he deserts openly and shamelessly the cause to which but a few months before he had been solemnly pledged. He has,,in truth, no political convictions. It was personal feeling that led him to oppose Mr. M'CULLOCII in January. It was personal feeling that led him to support Mr. M'CULLOCH in July. Ho had, for some blunder or other, been unceremoniously dismissed by Mr. M'CULLOCH from the office of re turning- officer for Brighton. He imme- diately appeared as a fierce Constitution- alist. His former supporters thought Mr. GILLIES would have a better chance in a contest with the Chief Secretary than I their late not too sapient champion. He immediately places his services at the disposal of Mr. M'CULLOCH. There is something almost sublime in lils perfect unconsciousness of any other than merely selfish motives, and in the straightfor- ward simplicity in -which ho conducts his electioneering business. He was ready last month again to start for Mornington as the Constitutional candi- date. When he found that his party had determined to support another candi- date, he -wrote to Mr. M'CULLOCH offer- ing him his support, in consideration of i his receiving the support of tho Minis-y terial party at the next election for the province. He made no secret of this communication, but showed the corre- spondence to tho gentlemen who can- vassed him for Mr. GILLIES. He pro- mised these gentlemen at first to limit his exertions at the election to morely voting for Mr. M'CULLOCH ; but he soon found that he had sold himself to a hard master. He -was compelled, in spite of his promise, to strain his influence to the uttermost. Ona curious specimen of his simple corre- spondence lies before us. It is dated from Cranbourno, where the writer -was then enjoying the benefit of Mr. M'CUL- LOCH'S personal supervision. It is ad- dressed to a Eoman Catholic neighbour, and after coaxing his correspondent to follow the writer in his sudden change of political principles, it concludes with the following suggestive words: " There is no Roman Catholic magis " trate at Berwick, and as you are fitted " in every way for the position, I have " made it a personal favour that you " should be offered the position." We suppose that there never has been so open a case of a political bargain and sale. That he has done anything wrong -anything that would deprive lum, not only of the confidence of his former friends, but even of the respect of those who are now using him--Mr. A'BECKETT appears to have no more notion than a horse. It is well that it is so, The scandal of his example may bo to some extent neu- tralised by his incredible fatuity. But it is absolutely necessary, in the interests, not of the Constitutional party, but of common political decency, that the electors of the Southern Province should be prompt to mark their sense of this disgraceful negotiation. They must teach such gentlemen as Mr. A'BECKETT that honesty is the best policy. It is bad enough that we should have pro- fessed political free lances ready to ad- vocate free-trade, or to raise the cry of protection, as either side might promise to pay best ; but it is outrageous that one from whom better things might íeasonably have been expected should, openly and without scruple, barter his principles for political support. We do not suppose that the constituency of the Southern Piovince have any desire to be put up for sale by Mr. M'CULLOCH, or to be transferred by him to the best bidder. Still less will they care to entrust their interest at this critioal juncture to a man whose intellect they can defend only at the expense of his political honour. Whoever may be their choice, it is quite certain that they can- not and will not accept the absurd person who now worthily represents Loyal Liberalism in their province. The ease with which the Estimates for 18G7-8 were disposed of affords a rea- sonable hope to Mr. M'CULLOCH that he AI ill be able to carry out tho brief programme for the session which he has placed before the country. He has but to propose and pass the Eailway and Waterworks Loan Bill in the present session ; and then, after a short recess, be has only to persuade Parliament to agree to the four measures of Avhich. he lias given notice. These are all bills to amend existing acts. There can be no donbt that the Local Government Act requires emendation. There is an equal certainty that the Municipal Institutions Act is open to improvement. The Land Act must be dealt with. These in themselves are almost enough ivorkforthe short session Avhich Mr. M'CULLOCH contemplates ; but the fourth measure to which the lion, member for Mornington has made re- ference, and included in his programme -a bill to amend the Insolvency Act; is not only as desirable as any of the other measures referred to, but in some respects claims precedence over them. The traders of the city have long com- plained that the laws of insolvency in force in the colony are not only no protection to them, but, in fact, offer facilities to those who avail them- selves of the court for the purpose of defeating their creditors. So often has this state of matters pressed itself on the attention of the mercantile public, that, year after year, bills to amend the Insolvency Act have been under con- sideration. Parliament has deliberated upon the subject. A special committee Las discussed and reported upon it. It has been solemnly decided that the law must be amended. Acts for the pur- pose haA'e, at various times, been all but passed into hrw. It is to be hoped, therefore, that the ex- pectations of the Chief Secretary Avili not bo disappointed, and that tho session of Parliament Avhich is to folloAV that noAv about being brought to a close will see this long-expected measure for the amendment of the Insolvency Act passed into law. It Avili not escape the attention of those who have to frame the measure which the public expects that recent legislation appears to have introduced a neAv element of fraud, and that a case or two has cropped up in Mr. NOEL'S court of a character Avhich seems to have taken the Commissioner himself by surprise. Earth-hunger is common. Eveiybody is anxious to secure un interest in land to as great an extent as possible. But the Land Act of 18G5, by requiring [a selector to make a fixed amount of improvements, and not permitting Mm to sell or assign his interest in the land, has intro- duced a neAv class of cases to the notice of the Commissioner in In- solvency, and cases with Avhich it is very difficult to deal. We shall only allude here to one Avhich has lately come before the court. In that instance a selector had been fortunate in his adven- ture »with tho ballot-box. iHe> had obtained the laud which he coveted. Ho ¡spent more money upon at - than he was able to afford. He could not meet the requirements of his creditors. He sought the shelter of tho >court; but, under the provisions' of ''the 'act, ho declined to place his creditors in a bettor position than they would have been if io had not been a selector, and refused to hand over to them his interest in this land-if ho had the power to' transfer it. He preferred a sentence of twelve months' imprisonment, at the hands of the Chief Jf^jge-to whom he had been reported Hj/ punishment as contumacious-to voiding himself of his interest in his .selection, and doing what lay in him to be honest to those who had trusted tim. We refer to this particular case, how- ever, more with the viow of showing that the constitution of the court itself is defective, and should he considered in any amending Insolvency Act, than of dwelling upon the novelty which it affords in the practice of the court. Thero will be selectors of land who will not scruple to spend the money of their creditors in improving it, and who have not the common honesty of thinking that such moneys are not their own-whose ideas on the subject are so involved that they require time to say whether or no they will be virtuous enough to pay what' they have towards meeting the claims of their creditors, and whether they will prefer to suffer a long term of imprisonment to giving up that which is really not their own, but which the law may prevent their alienating, and with which, though a substantial asset, they can do nothing without the consent of the Board of Land and Works. But why in such a case should the Commissioner have no more power than to remand a person, who comes before him under such peculiar and discredit- able circumstances, to the superior judge for punishment 1 Who can be better aware of the facts than the judge who has conducted the examina- tions 1 Why should the superior court be required to institute a fresh inves- tigation, and to go over the ground which the judge whose special business it is to deal with matters of insolvency has already gone over 1 It isproper that there should he power of appeal. A court of insolvency should not ho a final court of hearing, any more than any other. But it certainly is not in accordance with the common sense view of things that a judge in insolvency should not have the power of punishing an insol- vent who is obviously and notoriously dishonest, and whose manifest aim it is to cheat his creditors by making arrangements regarding his estate which are obviously to their dis- advantage. The law undoubtedly 're- quires revision on this point, and we repeat a hope that the next coming session of Parliament, short though it may be, will not pass over without a new Insolvency Bill becoming law. At this afternoon's meeting of tho City Council, a report will bo submitted by the Public Works Committee, on the proposal of Councillor Williams, for widening certain of the footpaths. The committee will leport that it does not consider it expedient to pro- ceed in the matter until underground drain- age be provided. The council will also be invited to consider the propriety of appoint in« a deputation to wait on the Chief Secre- tary, to ascertain whether tho Government intends to deal with tho sewerage of Mel- bourne, or whether it will confer such powers and afford such means as will enable the cor- poration to do so. It is announced in another column that Mr. N. Levi will address the electors of the Southern Province, at tho Town-hall, Haw- thorn, on Tuesday of next week. Considerable interest has been excited in Clio import market by thoalmost simultaneous arrival of two tea clippers. The one is the Beitha, from Canton, and tho other is tho Tekli, from Foo-chow-foo. They both bring new season's tea, and, strangely enough, thoy are both consigned to Messts. Edward Cohen and Company. An effort is being made by the burgesses of Prahran to obtain from the Government a sura of money, to bo supplemented by an equal amount to be raised by debentures, for the purpose of removing oxisting nuisances and making permanent improvements. A meeting has been convened for this evening at the Prahran Town-hall, to give the inha- bitants of Prahran, South Yarra, Toorak, and Windsor, an opportunity of discussing and thoroughly ventilating the subject. An unpleasant rumour is in general cir- culation respecting the minister of a Con- gregational Church in tho eastern part of tho city. It is stated that a young girl belonging to his congregation was recently manied, and bomctime afterwards made an avow\l to her husband, which,afterinq.uiries on his part, resulted in a charge made by her against the minister of her church, who had himself per .formed the marriage ceremony. The hus- band, in high indignation, sent back his wife to her father, who, learning the facts of tho case, threatened to take vengeance on the reverend gentleman who had thus wronged Iiis family. These threats coming to the ears of the minister, ho applied for protection to the police authorities, who gave directions to the constables in that neighbourhood to look after his dwelling. These precautions, how- ever, did not prevent a scene with the father, who came to seek the minister at his house, but found him away from home. It is further stated that the pastor is on the point of leaving the colony. Tlic foundation-stone of the new Presby- terian Church, Lennox-street, Kichmond, ^ as laid, on Saturday afternoon, hy tho Chief Secretary, in presonce of a largo as- semblage of persons. A full report of tho proceedings appears in another column. It would seem from our Adelaide telegram that protection has not yet made much pro- gress in the neighbouring colony of South Austialia. A motion intended to benofit natito industry by admitting tho raw ma- rtial duty lieo, has been negatived in the Assembly without a division. A new rush has been reported in the dis- trict of Dunolly, in the following lotter, by Mr. W. G. Couchman, mining survoyor, to the Minister of Mines :-" Dunolly, 20th August, 18G8. Sir,-I have tho honour to wy ?+, that a new gold- field has been opened iuV j division, in the locality shown on tho accompanying rough sketch plan. It is situated less than a quarter of a mile from the nearest gold workings, and six miles from the nearest township (Bealiba). The workings a»e alluvial ; the sinking varies from 3ft. to Mft. in depth. In the deep ground on the hill, the nature of tho strata is as follows, viz. : ^Gravelly loam Cft., cemented gravel 9ft, Clay and gravel 1ft, to a soft slate formation ; in the gully or flat the strata consist of loam, {¡ravel drifts, and clay and gravel, overlying a soft ¡Jato formation. The whole of the work- ings aro dry. No quartz reefs have yet beon discovered in tho immediate locality of tho »ew rush. About one mile south of it is the JJuko of Edinburgh Reef, from which some Sold was obtained, but is not at present being « worked, on', account *,of tho water/being too heavy for their present appliances. The general appearance 'of tho country for miles around is such as to lead to the belief that a great extent of it will ho found to be auri7 ferous, but from its being so shallow will soon bo turned over. Some of the ground nowbeing worked is very rich-asmuch as five ounces of gold have been washed from a load of dirt. No defined lead has yet been traced, the gold apparently lies in patches. Tho miners seem generally well pleased with their prospects. The gold is good in quality, and Many nuggets have been found. I am. of opinion this will lead to tho discovery of some now quartz reefs. The approximate number of minera at present on the ground is 1,500, which number is increasing daily. The total population is about 1,700. Four stores aro opened, and seventeen others aro being built." Depositors in the Provident Institute aro again reminded by an advertisement in an- other column that the sixth and final divi- dend m the estate is now payable, at Mr. Courtney's offices, Temple-court. It may bo useful to intimate that tho re. maining building sites at the Western Market squaro will be submitted for disposal by auc- tion to-day. The sites in question are :-Nos. 9, 10, and 11, in William-street. Nos. 20 and 21, in Market-street ; upset price, £5 oaob per annum. Nos. 14,15, 16, and 17, in Flinders lane ; upset price, £1 each per annum. The meet of the Melbourne hounds, on Saturday, was at the Williamstown race- course, at half-post nine a.m., by which time some thirty or forty horsemen found them selves at the trysting-place. The distance from town - about twelve miles by the road doubtless had the effect of thinning the field of all but the untiring and the best - of those who will not be denied when Waldock promises to uncart his red deer, "Cotterell;'' for there was sure to be here a run over good fine galloping ground, where pace could be enjoyed along with the sport. The master was on his old favourite grey, Happy Jack - the latter in fine form, but greyer than ever; Mr. G. Watson was on Little Wonder; Mr. Woodlands, of the 14th, on The Rebel; Lieut. Symonds on Charles O'Malley; Capt. Tweedie, of the Artillery, on a chesnut nag; and there were other gentlemen connected with the services; also, Mr. Bell on Non- sense, Mr. Badcock on Cadet, Mr. Keighran on Fisherman, Mr. Sharpe on Monk, Mr. Madden on Norman, Mr. Robertson on Milky White, &c.; The run of last Saturday was a fast and good thing to those who can feel at home under difficul- ties and yet appreciate good hunting. The hounds started well, at a tremendous pace, towards Laverton, in which direction the deer had broken. After running through Mr. Langhorne's property, they were foiled by a flock of sheep. Thereupon the master lifted his hounds to the right, and headed off cleverly near the Skeleton Creek. The hounds then worked the scent up by themselves, the field being well with them up towards the sea, until they reached the Geelong Junction, where the master on the old grey, with his two whips on Canary and Harlequin, Mr. Woodlands on The Rebel, and Mr. Pender on Rocket, jumped the railway fences - two regular raspers. The rest of the field preferred the gate, and declined the tall fences. Running to North Williamstown, the hounds worked the scent to the mouth of the Saltwater River, when it was announced by some fishermen that the deer had crossed to the opposite side, towards Sandridge, The master, not to be beaten, and determined not to lose his deer, enlisted the services of a couple of fishermen, and he, together with Messrs. Watson, Keighran, Robertson, Woodlands, Symonds, and Pender, crossed the river, swimming their horses. Once on the other side, the master lost no time in lifting his hounds on to the point where the deer had crossed, and they at once hit the scent off again. From this point, in a very short period, they ran fairly into their quarry upon the open, and "Master Cotterell" was safely secured for another good run at an early date. The next meet is at the Heidelberg Racecourse on Saturday afternoon, at two o'clock. On Saturday, Mr. Girdlestone, city health officer, accompanied by Mr. Hood, chemist, Elizabeth-street, proceeded to the Flemington Abattoirs, for the purpose of ascertaining the result of an experiment respecting the efficacy of ceitain chemicals used as disinfectants and deodorisers. Dr. Morton was also in atten- dance. The four vessels, containing night soil, which had boen operated upon last Wednesday, were Te-examined. No. 1 vessel (containing two tablespoonfuls of chloride of lime), and No. 3 (containing two tablespoonfuls of Sir William Burnett's disin- fecting fluid), were found to bo in an active state of putrid fermentation ¡ No. 4 (con- taining one tablespoonful of oxide of man- ganese) was foul, but in a lesser degree than either No. 1 or No. 3 ; and No. 2 (containing tAvo tablespoonfuls of carbolic acid) was tainted, but was pronounced the least offen- sive of the four. In order to test the accuracy of the decision, some carpenters, who were engaged at work on the premises at tho time, were called in, and.requestcd to examine the contents of the vessels. The result of their investigation was a concurrence in the opinions already expressed. It Avas then agreed ,to add a greater quantity of tho chemicals to^their respective vessels, and allow them to remain undisturbed for a week. The peculiar pi operties of a styptic, alleged to have been brought from Dolhi by Mr. John Bryan (knoAvn in Victoria as a theatri- cal agent, who some time sincolef t Melbourne as the manager of an " entertainment" which Avas successfully introduced to India), Avcro exhibited to a select circle on Saturday after- noon last, in a room adjoining tho Duke of Edinburgh Theatre. The experiments were performed upon three fowls, the operator being Mr. Tipper, the proprietor of the hotel connected with the aforementioned theatre. The plan adopted Avas to baro the neck of the fowl operated upon, open the skin with a lancet, cut .across Avhafc was supposed to be the jugular vein, and directly the blood spouted to pour the fluid styptic upon tho wound. The fluid is named, ' ' Low Bhund k Thaïe," a Hindoo colloquialism ox. pressivo of its effects. These last were mar- vellous to the unprofessional observers. Tho flow of blood ceased upon the instant, and then theskinAvassewnup, andthefowlletloose. Tho first fowl to whom this treatment was applied appeared to recover immediately, the effusion of blood having been slight, and in a few seconds afterwards it commenced to pick up grain us though nothing had happened. In the case of tho two others the fowls bled pro. fusely, and though the styptic operated im- mediately it was applied, the birds lay af tor Avards apparently without life or motion. The room Avas then locked and the key given to a gentleman of the press, who visited the place some hours afterwards. On his re turn he found one of tho insensible birds quietly at roost on a chair iu a corner of tho room, and tho other standing on the floor ap- parently recovered. Wo aie bound to add that though the experiments seemed unneces- sarily cruel-more so than they would havebeen if a smgeon had operated-tho fowls appeared to suffer little pain, and scarcely made any noise. There was not indeed a medical man in the room, so that the qualities of thospecific Avere exhibited to nono who Avcro able to speak of them with any authority. It Avas a remarkable circumstance that the blood Avhich fell from the necks of tho birds and was touched by the fluid, immediately coagu- lated into largo flakes, like diminutive pieces of liver. Mr. Bryan stated that the materials of his compound were simply derived from salad oil and a plant gathered in the gardons of tho University. " The anniversary sermons of the Collins street Independent Church (the Rev. A. M, Henderson's) were preached yesterday, in the forenoon and in tho evening. Thero was a largo attendance'on each occasion. The tea meeting in con'noxion with 'the anniversary .will bo held to-morrow evening, at the Vic- toria Grammar-school. A meeting will be held this evening, at the Duke of Rothsay Hotel, at half- past soven p.m., for the purposo of forming a ware- housemen's boating club. Another good crew will be right welcome on the Upper Yarra. An application was to havo been made to the Equity Court, on Saturday, in the suit, tho Attorney-General and the Jionshaw Com- pany v. the Prince of Wales, for an order di- recting defendants to allow propor ventila- tion in their drives, so as to enable plaintiffs to inspect thoir workings. The hearing of the case, however, was postponed till Wednes- day. A boy named John Ryan was taken into the hospital on Saturday, from Emerald- hill, where he had sustained a fractuio of the leg, tho result of a fall from a tree ho was climbing. A man, whose nama was not known, was taken in last evening from a boarding-house in Bourkc-street, suffering from a convulsive seizure. Ho died in about an hour after admission. The following rewards have been paid from the police fund in the course of the past week:—To Detective (first-class)) John F. Alexander, at Sandhurst, and Constable James Nolan, at Marong, Sandhurst district, £5 each, in acknowledgment of their services in the arrest and prosecution of John Hogan, alias Parker, executed for the murder of Martin Rooney. To Senior-constable Edward Tronson and Constable Mansell, at Newstead, Castlemaine district, £2 each, for thoir ser- vices in the arrest and prosecution of William Towers, sentenced to ono year for burglary. As one of tho seamen of the Express steamer, named Louis Burstcd, was fastening a rope to the wharf at Geelong on Saturday night, it suddenly broke, and, twisting about the man's leg, broke it in two. The unfor- tunate fellow was taken to the hospital, where amputation of the injured member had to be performed. At a late hour in the evening tho sufferer was doing well. The crops in tho neighbourhood of Geelong aro looking well, especially since tho late rains, and the farmers anticipate that, should tho present mild weather continue, an abund- ant harvest will be realised. A quoit match for the championship of the Geelong Quoit Club was played on Saturday between Messrs. Cameron and Ashton. There was a good attendance on the ground. Came- ron, who played splendidly, was the victor, having obtained forty-one points, while his opponent only made fifteen. After tho game had been concluded, a meeting of the club was held, to take into consideration a letter received "from the Melbourne Quoit Club, challenging four, five, or six players of the local club to play at Melbourne. The offer having been discussed, it was resolved that the secretory be instructed to reply, stating that it was usual for the challengers to play on the ground of the challenged ; and in ac- cordance with that custom they were prepared to play the Melbourne blub in Geelong, and a return match in Melbourne, with any number of players that might be agreed on. The Woodend and Newham Champion Ploughing Match came off on AVcdnesday. Twenty-eight ploughs started, tho prize-takers being the following ¡-Class A : Michael Mor- gan, first prize, £12 ; William Ritchie, second prize, £8 ; Robert Leirshman, third prize, £5 ; David Junor, fourth prize, £3 ; John Eccles, fifth prize, £2, Class B : James Kenny, first prize, £7 ; Robert Coiles, second prize, £5 ; Patrick Kenny, third prize, £3 ; Martin Gilli- gan, fourth prize, £2; G. W. Boyle, fifth prize, £1. The 20s. prise for the best crown was given to James Hamilton, and the 203. prize for the best finish was given to William nitchie. The following is from the Mount Alexander Mail:-" During the time the present Land Act has been in operation, moro particularly the 42nd clause, a great deal of jealousy has been evinced by tho mining community with reference to would-be settlers upon auriferous lands. That this feeling should be engen- dered, and eventually culminate in a point, when some very urgent steps should be taken to check that extensive monopoly in au- riferous lands, is not to be wondered at. The Mining department have invariably been op- posed to the alienation of land which com- prises old gold-workings, or in all cases where volcanic formation exists. It is satisfactory to know that the opposition referred te has now taken a practical form, and that henceforth no old workings or portions thoreof can be included in any survey undei the 42nd section. The Mining Board will now be debarred from discussing what has hitherto been an interesting topic, and ne further remonstrance on their part will be needed to insurothe reservation of all known auriferous lands." A public meeting of selectors under the Laud Act is to bo held at Beaufort on Satur day, to consider the desirability of amending the Land Act, and also to take into considera tion " the advisability of co-operating witt tho Grant Testimonial Committee" Oi course these matters will be dealt with sepa rately. The testimonial will not be made te depend in any way on the obtaining mor< favourable conditions of leasing or selection But still it would be better if these two sub jects wore not discussed by tho same mon a the same meeting. The Tullaroop íacecourso has beer "jumped " by selectors under tho 42ni clause. Mr. Quarril, late editor of the Castltmabu Daily News- a journal which has lately ter minated its career as a separate paper-wa on Friday evening entertained at a compli mentary banquet, at Castlemaine, in recogni lion of the ability with which ho had con ducted tho paper during his editorship. "The great number of tanks, boilors, anc steam-engines that havo passed througl Glenorchy, cn route for -up-country stations during this winter," remarks the Pleasan Creek News, "shows that the great stock holders in the AVimmera district oro koepinj paco with the times and the altered state o the maiket for wool and stock." It will no doubt bo very gratifying to th mcmbeis of the City Corporation to knoT that while thoy wore enjoying themsclvc the other day in Geelong in sight-soeing health-drinking, and speech-making, the; were also contributing- unconsciously peihaps-to bring about a very happ; state of things, thus alluded to by th Geelong R egister :-" Among tho man pleasant memories which wo trust will b associated with the official visit of th members of tho Melbourne Corporation t Geelong, certainly not the least pleasant, s far as our side is concerned, will bo the oppoi tunity which it offered of removing invetc rato prejudices from the minds of Melbourn men. Geelong, seen through a Melbourn telescope, has invariably been a' distorte image. The commercial rivalry which a one time existed between Melbourne an Geelong, and which with energy an judgment might hove terminated di; ferently for the latter town, has ne only ended in Molbourne becoming th commercial emporium of the colony, bu it has left behind tho traditions of thestruggh although the essentials thereof have long beo: settled .... There is no doubt, then foie, that a step in the right direction wo taken on Thursday lost. The town is b( ginning to look far more prospeious an business-like than it did a year or two ag( Tho [signs of progress aro unmistakable Geelong has all to gain and nothing to lose b inviting the closest scrutiny into her positior either as regards natural scenery or soun substantial material progress. Tho officie courtesy accorded to the corporation of Mel- bourne is, therefore, well calculated not only1 to consolidate the ententecordiale, between tho two corporate bodies, but must bo regarded also as tending to create a public opinion with respect to Geelong more truthful and' reliablo than has hitherto prevailed in the metropolis and elsewhere." "Thomanufacturoof sugar in Queensland," says the Ararat Advertiser, "promises tobo a great success. Judging by a letter received by Dr. Hooper, of Ararat, from hià nophow, Mr. J. Grensidc, who was for some time also a resident on Ararat, but now manager of tho principal sugar plantation in Queensland,' there is every likelihood of the company for which he is acting being shortly in an excel- lent position. Tho sugar, a samplo of which is at present at our office, looks to bo of re- markably good quality, while the rum which they produce on the plantation is not consi- dered inferior to any othor quality imported. It is said by tboso .who are conversant with the prouts to be obtained from this industry,' that in the course of a few years large tracts of land in that country will he taken up with the view of prosecuting this pursuit, Avhich is rapidly finding favour with the moneyed classes." At the inquest held ' at Warrnambool on the human trunk lately washed ashore at Lady Bay, it was found impossible to identify the remains of tho deceased. It appeared1 not improbable that the body AVOS that of a cook of tho brig Jane, Avhich was wrecked at that part about ten months ago, but the jury could only return an open verdict. Tho Glenorchy correspondent of the Ararat Advertiser, in Avriting upon the subject of "swagsmen," says:-"Tn that part of tho country they aro becoming very numerous, and that they are altogether a better class than the ordinary kind of travellers of a similar description, which for yeaTS past have lived upon tho stations there. These aro mon who aro able to Avork and wishful to get em- ployment. They have come up tho country, it appears, with the desire of making money, and seem to be of that better class which till lately has boen employed upon the mines and in the neighbourhood of towns." A numerously-attended meeting of the in- habitants of Portland Avas hold on the evening of the 19th, to receive the report of the depu- tation concerning the proposed Portland and Northern Railway. A memorial to the Govern- ment, petitioning that the line might be taken in hand as a public undertaking, and sub- mitting a quantity of statistical information on tho subject, Avas adopted. It was also decided to invite the co-operation of other towns in tho Western district in forwarding this object. A magisterial inquiry has been held at Wal- halla, Gipps Land, on tho remains of Samuel Moore, Avho in May, 18G7, became missing while engaged prospecting alone on the Aber- feldy River. On the Oth of the present month a skeleton ivas found in the 'river, together with clothing and small articles, Avhich had belonged to the deceased. Mr. Bell, J.P., Avho held the inquiry, considered that there Avas no doubt of the remains being those of Samuel Moore, and thought that ho had met his death by accidental drowning. A solicitor named Edward Hardwicke, of Port Albert, has been committed for trial by the Palmerston Bench on the charge of for- gery, in having altered the date of a bill of sale Avhich ho had been employed to draw. The object of the alteration appeared to be to bring the date of the document witina the ten days allowed for registration, and thereby to cover the negligent delay of the defendant in getting it registered. The Brisbane Courier of Thursday last con. tains Hie following paragraph, with reference to the person AVIIO AVOS lately alluded to in the telegram from Sydney:-"It is pretty Avcll known that the illustrious strangor Avho lately honoured our poor city Avith his presence, under the style, title, and dignity of the Count von Attorns, is the individual who in our Sydney telegram of Tuesday was said to have obtained large advances in that city on fictitious papers. We aro sorry to say that ho managed during his-short stay hero to Avalk into tho good graces of some of our citizens, and to make rather heavy drafts on their bankers. His countship.it willberemem bcred, left Brisbane in that renowned craft, the Hamlet's Ghost, the history of which vessel ought to be wiitton some day ; and ho has last been beard of at Cleveland Bay. A warrant is out for his apprehension, and troopers have been despatched overland from Port Denison to secure bira if possible before he makes a descent on our friends in Batavia. We failed to notice the count as he desorved when ho was in Brisbane, but should he visit us again, especially with the order which tho Sheriff of Queensland desires to confer on him on his breast, and Mr. Seymour's decorations at his Avrist, wc shall endeavour to make amends for our former neglect of Son Altesse." " Captain Godfrey, of the Active, schooner, Avhich arrived at Sydney from Capo York, «ia King George's Sound, a few days ago," says the Sydney Morning Herald, "reports that Mr. Jordan, the magistrate, informed him that all the stores, clothing, arms, andammu. nition had been forcibly carried off by the natives, and that ono man had boon shot. Captain Godfrey supplied the Avants of the party at Cape York to the best of his ability, but they Avero anxious to obtain supplies as soon as possible." "There is some talk in town," says tho Gladstone (N.S.W.) Observer, "about the pro- bability of a trade being opened up with our French neighbours. It is stated on good authority that a letter has been received by the manager of a station, from a Sydney firm under contract to supply tho French garrison at Now Caledonia, inquiring on Avhat terms cattle can be shipped from this port. As there must ho about 4,000 troops on the island, such a trade would be a most desir- able addition to our commerce, and, perhaps, lead to an extension in'other directions." " An accident of a painful nature occurred at Hadspen on Tuesday last," says the Launceston Examiner, " It appears that a man, whose name AVO could not learn, was engaged with his son in moving a log in tho bush. On lifting tho timber, a snako sprang from beneath it. The boy immediately made a kick at the reptile, and at the samo moment tho fathor made a cut at it with his axe, but tho bloAV unfortunately came on tho lad's foot, cutting one of his toes clean off:" We observe from tho Tasmanian papers of the 22nd inst. that work has been begun on tho raiUvay contract. Jingler's' Gully is the scene of the labours of tho navvies. Wo also notice that the Treasurer proposes to im- pose a ponny tax (by way of postage, wo iraa ' gine) on newspapers. Mr. George Coppin's first appearance at tho Thcatro Royal on Saturday evening drew a crowded and brilliant audience to that place of entertainment. On making his bow as Paul Pry, an impersonation Avhich is asso- ciated with so many of his old successes, Mr, Coppin received quito an ovation, and the pro grcssof the comedy afforded frequent testimony that his abilities to please aro unimpaired. On tho fall of tho curtain, Mr. Coppin carno forward, and delivered a characteristic speech, in which ho very happily hit off some recent political events, made humorous re- ference to his own ups mid .downs, and wit- tily discouised on the futuro of things theatri- cal in Molbourno. "Tho Siege of Troy" which bids fair to last until Christmas-fol 'lowcd, and this oft-repeated performance appeared to be thoroughly enjoyed by all 'present. This evening Mr. Coppin appears as ¡Milky White, and on Thursday Mr. W. M. Akhurst, tho author of the burlesquo now running, will take a benefit. " Martial the Adventurer, or the Merchant's Daughter," au Adelphi drama of a very pro- nounced character, AVOS pioduced at the Duke 'of Edinburgh Theatro, for the first time, on Saturday evening.. JThe plot, which is taken: from the French, embraces the three principal elements of a modern sensational story-love, murder, and suicide, and an infinity of incidonts are crowded into tho three acts which make upj the play. The heroine, Clarisse, is introduced' as tho daughter of M. La Roche,.a wood mor-j chant ; but it appears in the sequel that she' has only been adopted by La Rocho, to take tho place of his own lost child, and enablej him to claim a rich inheritance, the girl's, father, Robert, giving her up in infancy on his being sent to the galleys for manslaughter, in order that she may not bear a disgraced name. Martial makes his bow in tho character of leader of an accomplished gang of cut-purses. In the absence of La Roche, ho breaks into his house, steals o largo sum of money and some Evaluable papers, contriving that the blame shall fall upon a clerk (Armand) who is in love with Clarisse. Tho private papers he has gained possession of acquaint Martial that La Roche and a piratical murderer named Bernard, of whom ho had a pre- vious knowledge, are ono and the same.' As the reward of secresy, ho demands! a.considerable sum of money, and the hand of Clarisse in marriage. La Rocho invites his new found acquaintance to discuss the' matter in his cabin on board the St.' Nicholas, and while conversing with him, the plank on which Martial's chair is .placed' rises and throws him hoad foremost through a trap into the canpj. beneath, in full view of Clarisse, who has just entered the cabin. Martial, however, escapes with his Ufe, and accuses Robert of the robbery. The latter is thrown into prison, but escapes in time to pre- vent by parental authority the union of the adventurer with Clarisse, who, in terror of her supposed father, had given her consent to the marriage. La Roche then shoots himself, Martial is arrested as a brigand, and Clarisse marries the faithful Armand. There is also an underplot, the chief interest of which is centred in the loves of Milanie, one of the most volatile of griscttes, and Bar billon, her scapegrace clitr-ami. The piece presents considerable scope for scenic display, and a representation of tho gardens of tho Isle d'Amour was far from ineffective. Tho trap-door scene, in which the person operated on was made to perform o somcrsoult back- wards with his chair, was very cleverly managed. Miss Kate AVardc appeared os Clarisse, Mdlle, St. Denis as the Grisetto, and the principal male characters were fairly sustained by Messr3. Young, Hall, AVolfo, AV. M. Brown, and Spiller. The duet and Polish dance, to which Mdlle. St. Denis and Mr. Young treated the audience, was unani- mously encored, and the play, though not of a particularly high order of dramatic merit, met with a favourable recoption at the hands of a tolerably numerous audience. The interesting performances of tho glass blowers seem to lose nono of their attractive- ness. Both the afternoon and evening enter- tainments on Saturday were visited by large and appreciative audiences. St. George's hall has now become quite a favourite place of resort, and that it will continue to bo so, as long as the glossblowers give their enter- tainments in it, there can bo little doubt. The usual miscellaneous entertainment was presented at the Varieties on Saturday night. The performances met with the ap- probation of a large audience. Historical Notes on the Church and Parish of St. Mark the Evangelist, Fitzroy, is the title of a small volume, by " An Old Parishioner,' which will no doubt be read with interest bj the residents in the locality. AA'e havo received from tho publishers Messrs, Clarson, Massino, and Co., Volume II of the Colonial Monthly Magazine. Titi volume, which includes all the new issue o the magazine, is handsomely bound in cloth and presents a very creditable appearance. Two lectures on " Australian Snake-bites their Treatment and Cuie," and "TheUsi and Abuso of Tobacco," by Dr. Berncastlo have been published in a small pamphlet b; Messrs. Mason, Firth, and Co. They contair some useful facts in connexion with tb< subjects treated. The Melbourne Gaol loturns of last wee! show that there were 344 persons do tained there, as follows :-Committed foi trial, C ; under remand, l8 ; military pri soners, 27 ; road gang, 1 ; hard labour, 147 imprisonment only, HO ; lunatics, 2 ; ii default of bail, 24 ; debtors, 5. Altogether 258 males, and 84 females. The AVilliamstown Ladies' Benevolent Se ciety havo to acknowledge, with many thanks theieceipt of £13 Os. 4d.-being half of th profits on a concert givon at AVilhamstown ii nid of tbe funds of the above society, by sevt ral members of the Melbourne Philharmoni Society ; also, a donation of 10s. Gd., from Mi Septimus Moxon, secretary to the l'hilhai monic Society. Amongst the notices of thefts in tho Polk Gazette aro the following :-" £2 Reward. - Stolen from the dray of Alexander Robertson about nine miles from Chiltern, Ovens dis trict, about the 4th inst., a trunk, numberei 1C8, marked B. RS over M in diamond, con tabling thirty-six pairs of ladies' patent clot! elastic-sido boots. £5 Reward.--Stolen fror Messrs. Simson, at Coi isbrook, Maryborough district, about the 3rd inst,, fifty wotheri of various ages, branded black M on ribs red diamond on rump, and T for travelling Stolen from the person of Thomas Irving, i Melbourne, on the morning of the 14th inst. a silver open-faced lever watch ; also £1< 19th. Stolen horn the dwelling of Williat Fetherston, Wilson-street, Prahran, on th afternoon of the 13th inst,, four ladies' calic night-dresses, two calico chemises, a gree and white spotted muslin dress, a greo: wincey dress, a blue and white mohair dress a black and white print dress, and a quantit of female clothing and bedding." 