DOGS. To the Editor of the Herald. Sir-Your correspondent "Victim," who complains of having been fined by the Inspector for neglecting to register his dog, must be in some way or other mistaken. The minimum penalty under the Dog Act not the Police , Acting 10s. It " Victim" paid 5s 6d. it must have been the amount of costs, on payment of which the " inspector " consented to withdraw the information. I have been informed by a legal gentleman that Redfern, and some other (if not all the other) suburban municipalities have not yet been proclaimed towns." A proclamation or notification of some land has been published in the Government Gazette, directing that the provisions of the Dog Act were there after to be applicable to such and such " towns," naming I the boroughs ; but no proclamation has yet appeared con- stituting those places " towns." If this be so, it sufficiently accounts for the absence of the stipendiary magistrate, and the kind consideration of the " inspector" in withdrawing the informations on payment of 5s. 6d. COSTS. At the same time, if this be so, what is the character of the exaction ? If the defendants were not liable to a penalty for non-registration of their dogs, how are they held liable for the costs of summonses, the very issue of which was an illegality ? The eagerness with which the police enter upon their annual raid upon logs may be accounted for by the fact that one-half the fines are by law appropriated to the Police Reward Fund, in which they have some kind of interest, however remote. But the cost what about them P Do the police benefit by them ? No. But a large amount placed in the Treasury to the credit of " Court costs, or under whatever head of income the costs are included, go to prove the amazing amount of business transacted at the office. Are magistrates appointed for the purpose of making a revenue under colour of administering law ¿ If such a proceeding were to take place in a private business transaction, what is the term by which it would be designated ? It is, perhaps, too much to expect that any individual would incur, for the sake of of saving 5s. 6d., the expense of £5 5s. to test the legality of the proceeding by an appeal to the Judges ; but it occurs, j to me, that magistrates ought to be very chary of exacting money, either an penalties or costs, unless they are clear that law and righteousness are with them. Yours obediently, OLD TOM'S GHOST. 25th November. 