ROUGH NOTES OF THE WEEK. BY CANDID. [From Monday's Register. ] What with the Easter holidays, the races, and the circus, to .say nothing of the theatre, ! the people have unquestionably managed sto enjoy themselves during the past week. But thereby hangs a tail. I say this on behalf of the horses; for I observe that the enjoyment ■ of the biped is generally a very heavy tax upon the quadruped. Of course we must have our races; and at the circus Mens. Buffoon (the great naturalist) will prove plainly enough that without equestrianism the world (his world at least) would cease to go round, and that the abolition of his canvas tent would actually sweep away one of the poles of the nniverse. Still in spite <& all this, the horse, which is an animal of ! much intellect, has a great deal to complain j of as regards his present position; and it : "would not be wise to overlook this now that j horseflesh is becoming so ravenously sought after in the mother-country. Let the noble animal, then, speak for himself, which he seems well able to do; for it turns out that the recent meeting on Pinkerton Plains, instead of being a gathering of Fenian donkeys, was in reality one of a series of caucuses (not carcases) of overworked horses. Subjoined is a summarized statement of the proceedings from "Our own Reporter,'"' an intelligent three-year-old, just broken in:— The meeting, which had been convened by a notice to Bell (this is the sporting publisher who is to be seen daily delivering his news viva voce in the streets of Adelaide), was presided over by Jowler, an old and respected resident. He Baid he wasn't a political character hisself, but he had once worked hard—pulling a dray full of voters—for the purpose of getting: one of the late Barossa members into Parliament, under the impression that Martin's Act would then become the law of the land. But now Martin himself had resigned—jibbed and bolted, in fact—(loud snorts)-and the Act was as far off as ever. However, he would leave the matter in their hands, hoping that none of the speakers would kick over the traces or indulge in any of the disgraceful tricks which the inferior animalB' gave way to when they held political meetings at the Ipublic-houses. (Loud pawing and horse laughter.) DocktaiL, a wom-out looking individual, then stepped forward and addressed the meeting. He was one of the real working class himself, and could speak feelingly of the great want of sym pathy on the part of their employers. Take Ins own case, for instance. Every day in the week he was hard at work carrying out bread and grocery, so that by the time Saturday night arrived he could hardly stand; yet what was the first thing on Sunday morning? Why, before he'had done his breakfast his harness was put upon him, and he had to drag the whole of the family to church or chapel. (Shame.) Then in the afternoon he was forced to take the six children and the missis ont for a drive, whilst in the evening again there was another trip to chapel, so that by the end of the day he was so knocked up that not even a feed of oats could tempt him to eat a single morseL (Great sensation.) What he wanted, then, was a bond fide Travellers Act, which he understood was a law to prevent any horse travel ling on a Sunday that was hard at work every day in the week. (Loud cries of "That's it" aud "Bravo, oldfoss.") Highstepperjeaid that for his part he was as ready as any lone to strike a blow for their oats and their halters. (No chaff) But good measures were more desirable than extreme measures, fie would therefore not go for a Bill against all Sunday travelling, if his employer, who had an office, and .called himself a merchant or agent or something of that sort, would not work him so infernally hard—if he might use such language —on every one of the holidays. On those occasions, moreover, he suffered a great deal from having his head curbed up in a most ridiculous and painful manner. He believed this was done to make him look smart and showy, but the effect was to make him a laughing- stock in the eyes of every horse upon the road; and they all knew that this was the very worst kind of stock which a respectable animal could belong to. (Loud ap plause.) Old Soldier, who was received with a general whisking of tails, said he fully agreed with the pre vious speakers; but, lor-a-massey, those gentle men lived in clover as compared with himself, fie further said—You "know, gentlemen, what my life has been; I have passed these last 10 years in the employ of the livery-stablekeepers, and I speak from experience when I say that if there is a tyrant in the world who deserves to be hung, drawn, and torn to pieces by wild quadrupeds, it is the gent as hires a 'oss for a day's amusement (Tremendous applause.) Oh, I wish I was a buck-jumper for his sake; I'd soon be the death of him. But I must put up with my lot though I can't help repining sometimes. In fact, as the song says— " I wishes I was a brewer's oss Three-quarters of a year, Td turn my head where my tail should be, And drink up all the beer." "With these lines, gentlemen, which are from my own mews, I must cinclude; but I am not without a hope that an Act of Parliament may be soon passed to' prevent! young gents hiring poor old osses, and so pnt a stop to the cruelty of riding them from! morning to night without giving them a bit of grub. (Loud pawing.) At all events, we may secure Hay in the new Parliament for the next three years, whatever may become of the people's grass. (Immense applause.) After this several other speakers addressed the meeting, but nothing new was elicited, until a resolution was put and carried by all the horses to the effect that a memorial for an Act of Parlia- j merit should be prepared, and that in the mean- i time the Commissioner of Police—whose book on horses bad been read with pleasure and amuse ment by most of the company—should be requested to assist the promoters to the utmost of Ms power. Thus terminated an exceedingly interesting meet- < ing, wMch had been attended by all the leading j horses in the district and by many who had come from a distance, they having bolted expressly for the purpose. The above report, which draws attention to an important subject, will no doubt be regarded as very timely at this holiday period of the year, whilst as to its truthful ness no one will question that who has read the many excellent speeches of horses in the pages of .ZEsop or Phasdrus. Then, as a proof that they are quite capable of giving sly and humorous pokes in their conversa tions, don't Galen and other writers speak of the os humerus amongst the various osses which they so frequently mention? With the English mail that arrived on Monday there came a little more information about the Northern Territory. This was contained in the letter which Captain Cadell had written to the Agent-General, and it consists of his deliberately-expressed opinion that the 300,000 acres of land could be sur veyed during the season of 1868. But I suppose the Government intend to keep the matter quietly in reserve until after Parliament meets, so that none of their opponents may have the hardi hood to take office whilst such a diffi culty remains unsettled. If it were not so there is a scheme now under consideration which would show them how the work might be done in three months at a cost of £10,000. The proposition is to send round surveyors and men by steamer, with instructions to land at some point fixed upon by the Govern ment, and to run boundary lines in the form of a square which shall include sufficient land for the wholeof the selectors, anincreased area being given to each; then at every mite along the boundary lines to put up hard wood posts previously prepared for the purpose, with the mileage marked upon them ; and afterwards to cut the square up into twelve .small squares by lines at equal distances crossing at right angles, so that the allot ments could then be numbered and marked in previous to selection by the drawing of lots. Such is the suggestion; but whether the purchasers would consider this a fulfilment of the contract, which re quires that the allotments shall be surveyed, is another matter. To any one who puts this question I can only reply by the quotation, " Davus sum; non CEdipus." Butapparently the consent of the purchasers to a rearrange ment will be a. necessary part of any plan which can now be adopted. As to the English news itself, it came in so quietly, amidst the holiday repose of "the metropolis," that people hardly found it out till, the next day; for the little bull's-eye lantern which the telegraph authorities make a practice of lighting is by no means equal tp the occasion. From such a depart ment, indeed, one would expect a blase of electricity whenever a signal fire had to be lighted for thfe information of the piAIic. .Butiin "this case the lamp doesn't look any. ■bigger than a policeman's IfeailPs-eye, whilst from the dimness >ef .the -li^ht one would, ithirfk that something ihad occurred to: " fright the Ue fronuits, propriety," as Othello j says when he finds Cassis fighting and 'brawling in the pubkc streets. _ But now I come to a more important sub- ject — the grief of the great McTavish. "O rise, winds of autumn, arise ; blow in the teeth of the Sassenach. Streams of the mountains roar! Roar, tempest, in the groves of Grenfell-street. Walk through broken clouds, O moonshine, and look with pale anger on the traitor, Candid ! Let the tomb open to receive him, and: the ghosts of bards bear him to the narrow house, for hath he not blighted the son of song, the great McTavish?" Thus, in the words of Ossian, do I usher in this all- absorbing sorrow. But the plain truth is, Saunders McTavish makes a mistake when: he complains, in his letter to the newspaper, that the remarkably beautiful poem which I published last week .ought not to have been. accompanied by a signature identical with his own. Indeed! Why not ? Is the mighty clan of McTavish so limited as to include only one Saunders ? Perish the idea ! No ; let the McTavish but whistle—let him but blow his nose or sneeze— " And every tuft of broom gives life To plaided warrior armed for strife ;" And if one-half of these gentlemen don't bear the same name as their beloved chief at the head of the clan, then— " McTavish is no warrior true. And, Saxons, I'm a rig'lar do!" But at the same time I am sorry that the work of a minor bard should have been attributed by anybody to the great master of song who stands at the head of the clan; for the fame of his minstrelsy is spread far and wide, like " the voice of the shell in the Halls of Balclutha." Whereof bear witness, O book of Chowla, with thy daughters of snow, whose steps are like the music of song, and whose loveliness is like the loveliness of Selma. (This Ossianic style of composition is really so pretty that I should like to see it adopted in the reports of political speeches and the judgments of the Supreme Court.) But, to return to plain prose, I beg to state that I have studied the works of the McTavish with a view to do him full justice, especially in the matter of poetry, and I therefore quote with great pleasure the following excellent lines from one of his sentimental poems in "Chowla; a romance of the Dar- ling:" "Yet still in mem'ry's retrospection I'll think of thee with fond affection, And bless thee evermore. And whilst one spark of life remains. And blood meanders through my veins, Thy fate I will deplore." Now, with this bona fide extract, which 1 understand the Duke of Edinburgh greatly admired when the romance was presented to him, I hope everybody will be satisfied, and that no one will ever again think of saying, " Puir, puir Saunders! Did ye ever see the like o' thae lines that he sent to the papers ?" For my own part, I have already admitted that I don't understand tbe Scotch language any more than Hindoo or Arabic, though I have Burns at my finger- ends, and am also familiar with the ancient Scalds. But the name of McTavish alone gave such a strong flavour to the poem of last week that it was allowed to pass without any question as to its being sufficiently Gaelic. However, as a set-off to the thistles of that Saunders, another correspondent of the daily Press kindly sends an offering of prickly acacia from Kangaroo Island. He approves of the remarks of "Candid" about the necessity of sending out a missionary ship to the neglected islanders, and thinks that, as a "sort of Sancho Panza chap," I might do for the Governor of that valuable dependency. But the prospect is too good to be realized. The fact is that Kangaroo Island is about to be offered (so it is said) to tbe purchasers of land in the Northern Territory as a sort of quid pro quo; and when this exchange has been effected, the Governorship will be too valuable a thing to be thrown away upon me. Besides, the region is too remote. Now, Rabbit Island would be more suitable, though even in that case I should hesitate to waste my fragrance "on the desert hare." But, as regards missionary enterprise, it certainly would be a good thing if some of our ministers of religion would pay a visit to these islanders instead of writing letters against one another in the Adelaide news- papers. The Kangarooers have got no schools and no churches. Why, even their burial-ground has not been consecrated, so that the aged inhabitants are really obliged to postpone their demise from year to year, on account of this most unpardonable neglect. It is to be hoped, then, that all this will soon be altered ; that civilization will he quickly introduced into the island; and that rum will no longer remain at the barbarous price of 18s. per gallon. Until some alteration, indeed, has been made in this last matter 1 should not think of paying a visit to my friends on the island. Yet the literary asso- ciations of the place are very strong, for Hog Bay calls up the remembrance of the Ettrick Shepherd, and reminds one continually of the two Bacons—the Lard and the Friar. Thanks to the usual Ministerial policy of spreading the elections over a long period, instead of letting the whole of them be settled in one day, the Treasurer has enabled his late opponent, Mr. Boueaut, to get elected for the Burra—the pocket Burra, as some people may suppose. But nothing of the sort. The fact is the Burra has been very much oufl of pocket ever since the operations at the mines were partly suspended, and the electors have therefore voted for Mr. Boueaut, as they believe that when he gets possession of the Moonta for his clients he will remove it to Kooringa, and thus restore the pristine glory of the place. In fact this beau coup at the Burra is quite a coup d'etat on the part of the honour able member, and nobody can fairly say that his nomination was unexpected; for he attended a large meeting of the electors, and spoke well on general politics, as well as on the various subjects in McCulloch's Dic tionary, before attempting to go to the polL 