NEW CATHOLIC CHURCH AT EAGLE HAWK. The ceremony of laying the foundation-stone of the new Catholic Church of St. Liborius was per formed yesterday afternoon by the Rev Dr Back haus, of St. Killian's Church, Sandhurst. Different to the practice generally adopted by other re ligions denominations, in the ceremony of laying the foundation stone of a new church, the members of the Catholic denomination select the Sunday for the performance of the ceremony. In the present instance, it resulted in the fact that the ceremony was attended by a much more numerous assem blage than would have been the case had it been on a week day. There could hardly have been fewer than a thousand persons present in the vicinity of the site of the new building. Much as has always been said to the credit of the Catholic denomination in the colony, for the liberality which they evince in contributing to the erection of their places of worship, we doubt if there is any portion of Victoria where the members of that church are more liberal in that respect, than in this district. Some time ago, a handsome little Catholic Chapel was erected at Myer's Flat, and now, almost in the same portion of the district, the members of the Catholic religion have determined on building another, equally handsome. The site selected for the church of St. Liborius, is situated on the hill between Eaglehawk township and Job's Gully, a little to the left of the main road leading from the latter place to the township The building is being erected by Messrs Webb, Waugh, and Company, the contractors; the design by Messrs Vahland and Getzschmann, architects. The size of the interior of the building is to be 60 feet in length by 30 feet in breadth, in addition to which, there will be a chancel of about 12 feet in length. The height of the walls will be 10 feet, with a tower 56 feet in height. There is to be also, a front and side porch, and the whole church will accommodate about 300 or 350 persons, and the cost will be about L900. Shortly after three o'clock the Rev Dr Backhaus, in full canonicals, initiated the proceedings by a prayer, and then proceeded to the front of the building (a portion of the walls of which is already in course of erection), where the foundation-stone was to be laid. Having read the customary prayers, the stone was lowered into its place, and the usual formula performed by Dr Backhaus. Underneath the stone was deposited a bottle containing several of the current Bilver coins, from a half-crown downwards, copies of the Bkndigo Advkrtiser and Dcmligo Independerl, a scroll containing the names of the officiating clergyman and the mem bers of the church committee, besides a document containing the following inscription in English and Latin:—"In the name of God, the Triune, the Omnipotent, the Most High, the Father, and the Son and Holy Ghost, the foundation-stone of this church, dedicated to God under the invocation of the Holy Bishop St Liborius, was laid by the Rev Henry Backhaus, Catholic priest, on tho 5th day of the month of July, in the year of grace 18G8, Pope Pius the Ninth being the Sovereign Pontiff in Rome, under the happy government oi the Right Reverend James Alipius Gould, Bishop of the Diocese of Melbourne, and whilst Queen Victoria reigned over the British Empire. That this work may for many ages prosper to the greater glory of God and the salvation of souls is our fervent prayer through Jesus Christ our Lord. Amen." At the conclusion of the ceremony Dr Backhaus delivered an appropriate exhortation. A collection was afterwards made, and—as we learn—between L13 and Ll4 were collected in aid of the fund for the erection of the church. A CuRiosiTX op Literature.—The Argus of Saturday has an article on the effect of the duties imposed by the Assembly for the purposes of pro tection which certaiuly is as remarkable a pro duction limits way as we have perused for a long time. It is of course written in the interests of free trade, but a few more of a similar kind would destroy such reputation as our cotemporary may have as an authority on free trade. The inference deducible from the arguments is that such things as manufactories where women are employed should be prohibited by Act of Parlia ment. Protection may be chargeable with many evils, but conceive it being charged with this, which, if it were true, is the result wherever there are manufactories:—"By encouraging the con centration of people in the capital, and by offering an artificial stimulus to certain branches of manu facture, they (the Protectionists) have helped to draw away some hundreds of young girls from healthier and more natural employments, and to fill our slop-making establishments with a crowd of young women, among whom two things are very noticeable—an ardent affection for tawdry finery, and a tendency towards pulmonary disease; the latter induced by the impure atmosphere they breathe, by want of exerT ciee, and by the contraction of the chest as they bend over the sewing-machines.". Take this again Ignorant of the commonest household duties, contaminated by evil- com panionship, enamored of dress, and exempt, by the fact of their earning an independent liveli hood, from parental authority, many'of these girls gradually drift into the condition of lorettes, or descend into the 'Btreets, and embrace a life'of infamy." Why, according to this, girls should be shut up in a band-box, or. secluded, like Turkish women, far from the profane eye of man. • The writer prefers domestic service for these girls, but how then even could they be under parental control ? Are lady's maids less fond of dress than the sompstress in a manufactory ? Referring to these girls as wives our cotemporary has the following, and winds up with a rhapsody about dairy-maids, which he apparently wishes these girls to be. " The force of folly," &c.; Here is this last morsel:—"What can such a woman contribute to the comfort and prosperity of a working-man's home? Or what vigor can his offspring hope to inherit from such a mother? The showily-dressed girl declines into a slattern. Without any sort of domestic training, with out the habits of method, order, and eco nomy, which she might have acquired in service, without the mental discipline which is de rived from the practice of forethought and self denial, and without the ability to make a small expenditure extend as far lis possible—a woman of this kind becomes a drag upon her husband instead of his helpmate. Improvidence and disorder sit by his fireside, llis growing family is a growing burden. His wife, enfeebled in health, irritated by a consciousness of her incapacity to cope with the increasing cares which devolve upon her, and mortified by the fading away of whatever personal attractions she formerly possessed, sub sides into a condition of fretful and querulous discontent. Sometimes she takes refuge from her troubles in drink, or hardens into a shrew or scandal-monger, finding some consolation for the infelicity of her own lot by calumniating her neighbors, or by detecting and proclaiming their faults and follies." Tub Crisis of the Crisis.—The Argus says that the meeting of the Opposition party, which preceded the assembling of Parliament on Friday was held in one of the rooms of Parliament House and was,!we are informed, largely attended. The course which should he taken with reference to the Darling grant was discussed somewhat warmly, and for nearly two hours. The difference which has occurred among the late Ministry on the sub ject was found to extend (o their followers, aud when it became necessary to take a division, it was soen that while seventeen members were disposed to follow Mr M'Culloch aud Mr Iliginbotham, nineteen were in favor of getting the country out of the deadlock by agreeing with Mr Francis, that the Darling grant should be sent up to the Upper House in tlin «hape of a supply bill for a specific sum of 1/20,000. It was also found that while the seventeen comprised almost every member who was likely to agree with the views of the lion members for Mornington and Brighton, there were among the absentees a number who were considered likely to coincide with^the majority. In these circumstances it was plain that to press the extreme measure favored by Mr Higinbotham or the larger supply bill which Mr M'Culloch desired to see sent up, would be futile, and hence the adoption of a Bupply bill for the unm of L20,C00 without a division. 