THE PROCESSION. TTIK lioyal Highness was received at the Church gate by the Bishop of Tasmania, the Venerable the the Archdeacon, and twenty-five clergymen of the Church, of England, who immediately preceded the Prince in procession, into the enclosure, in the following order:— Clergy in Surplices Two and two. The Churchwardens of St. David's : T. Giblin, Esq., Alderman Cook, H. L. Boberts, Esq. The Beverend F. H. Cox, Incumbent of St. David's. The Venerable Archdeacon Da vies. The Bishop, Preceded by his Chaplain bearing tie Pastoral Staff. His BOYAL HIGHNESS, THE DUKE or EDINBURGH, K.G., and Its Excellency the Governor, , Willi their respective suites. Her Majesty's Ministers. The hon. J. M. Wilson, M.L.C., Chairman of the Preparation Committee and Mayor of Hobart Town, j The procession filed slowty into tbe enclosure all bareheaded, the Bishop, Clergy and Churchwardens taking up a position in a semi-circle round the Stone, lacing towards the street, The PRINCE, who was supported by the Governor and his Ministers on the right, and by Lord Newry and the Equerries-in-waiting on the left, stood upon the carpetted platform near the shears, beside which Mr. Henry Hunter, the local Architect, and Mr. Uobert Wiggins, the Contractor for the building, were in attendance ready to lower the Stone, and hand the Royal Mason the level, 1 mallet, and trowel at the proper moment; lay the mortar, and adjust the Stone itself in its destined position. The solemn and impressive service in use in the Church of England, for the ceremony of laying the foundation of a Church was then said and chanted by ; the Bishop, Clergy and Choir. The Prince, assisted by Mr. Hunter, spread the mortar and the stone was lowered into its place by the contractor, Mr. B. Wiggins. His Boyal Highness having applied the level and mallet then said in a clear and audible voice :— In the faith of JESUS CHRIST, we place this Foundation-stone in the name of GOD the FATHER, the SON, and GOD the HOLT GHOST. As the PRINCE pronounced these words, the guard of honour presented arms, and the bugles sounded the salute, and the Choir chanted— " AMES." The Bishop—Here let true laith, the fear of GOD and brotherly love ever remain : this place is consecrated to prayer and to the praise of the most Holy Name of the Same our LORD JESUS CUBIST, Who ever liveth, with the FATHER, and the HOLY SPIRIT, one GOD, world without end. Ans.—Amen. The Choir then chanted the Psalm, Fundamenta ejus (Ps. Lxxxvn.) and sang Psalm C., metrical version. " All people that on earth do dwell, &c.;" The Stone being now duly laid, the site blessed, and the ceremony and the service concluded, his Lordship the Bishop spoke as follows :—" I have to thank His Boyal Highness for the part wh ! ch he has so kindly taken to-day, and performed in so business-like a manner. It was becoming that England's Church should receive this recognition from England's Queen in the person of her son. I have now only to hog you all for the credit of the colony, which has a good uajne to keep, to perfect what has been so hopefully begun. As I have not time to enforce ihi: duty by a sermon or an oration, I will do it by a text That text is the motto transferred from the arms of Edinburgh whence the Boyal Duke derives his title. It is engraven upon that foundation stone, and the same words engraven also upon this trowel, give it a value more real than if it were bestudded with the jewels of a richer colony. The words are " Msi Dominus,frustra."—Unless the Lord build the house, their labor is in vain that built it." Churchmen, unless the Lord shall stir up our hearts to works of self-deajing liberality, the Church of which this edifice is to be the material type will not prosper, brethren, you can without Hie compromise of principle, contribute to a work built for the glory of our common master. Scottish Presbyterians, our royal guest, who takes his chief title from your great city, appeals to you to save him from the humiliation of having" begun a woi kin Tasmania which Tasmanians have not the heart to finish. Tour Boyal Highness has preached to us a silent sermon to-day in that motto, which is tbe titla to one of the psalms of King David, whose name this cathedral bears. In the name of the King of Kings, I am sure that there will ascend from'the hearts of all Tasmanians, of whatever creed, the prayer uttered in the spirit of a motto, that he may keep the ducal house, that magnificent trophy of British skill now floating upon Tasmanian waters, that it may return safely to the shores of the dear Fatherland. Not only that, we will pray that your Boyal Highness yourself may live true to the lessons of your childhood and youthtime, and so pass the waves of this troublesome world as to reach in safety the eternal shore, without wreck or hurt, and receive the reward promised to the true and iaithfiil. the imperishable crown of everlasting life." The Bishop then taking his Pastoral Staff into his light hand pronounced the blessing as follows:— The peace of GOD, which passeth all understanding keep your hearts and minds in the knowledge and love of GOD, and of His SON JESUS CHRIST OUT LOBD ; and the HOLT GHOST, be amongst you aud remain with you always. Amen. The Duke of Edinburgh then, attended and escorted as before, passed out of the enclosure, and entered the Governor's carnage which awaited H.B.H., at the Church gate. The guard again presented arms as the PBDN'CE took his seat in the carriage, which drove away amidst loud and prolonged cheers from the assembled crowd. 