PICKINGSFROM MELBOURNE PUNCH. PREVAILING FASHIONS. wrtene er 1 wanes abroad my chalks, Uotr oft amused I be, A watching of them gals what Btalka In stately maieatv Dora Collins-street, togged oat so Bweet In dres-^H made so short, To show their feet, squeezed Into neat Made boots, so newly bought. Some dresaes wear that leok so free, While others dan black velvet; I say, when 1 the Utter see. ' Here cornea a female llamlet.' The hats now worn one might suppose A p'ate, in my opinion, The one edge resting on the nose, The other on the chignon. On chignons I won't dare to treat — I'm too much of a duffer— Though some as large I often meet Aa any railway buffer. Some gii b huge bows will have behind, Bucku a, beads, and laces, Long ribbon* streaming in tbe wind, When going through their paces. Perched on high heels, with dress so short, As on they slowly creep Ob, what a change has fashion wrought 'Mong trains that once did sweep ! THINGS TO Bl REVEMBBEKD. The worst feature in a woman— Her jaw. The worst feature In a colonial boj— His cheek. The hand with oat fingers— The band of whist What porter Lt not allowed t- be drunk?— The railway porter. A muiical w(li)inp— An octave of port The beds for printers— Four-postera. A regular ' sell.'— Qonght-niftn, JOKES BY AX ACCOESTAST. The portico of the temple of arithmetic is supported by columns of figures. A ledger-keeper can take an important part in Cui((«). An Accountant is nut a serpent, [although he may be an ' adder.' A, Parlia mentary arithmetician is always calliug out ' divide.' An accountant partial to avrobjuic exercises can balance his book* on his chin. A dramatic clerk is an insurance office Is the act-nary. The bed of an auditor contains ba*ance ' eheets' The motto of a schoolmaster ia 'ego Hum.' Tbe drinking \eme\ of a bank clerk la a ? tot' gl«sn. When s clerk is me'snoholy he U pen-mve, tnd has an jnV-ubus on his mind. Arithmetical assault is striking an average. Office fires cab be lit from the chip* of the block of a cheque-book The uiercbut luver ask* the lady for her acceptance. Kcoaemic&l; tradesmen are averse to a waste-book. CONS. Why is a man in front of a crowd likelj to be well supported? -Because he ha-* the ' presg' a.t hia back. What class never die of consuniptioA?.— ilerclunta with stroDg iron chesta. YB O\$l ^AQQELOE. (bt ovb c.visowh contributor.) Whatever a man of the sons of i-en May write In reviews of the Bex above. Be feels in hi* bean, to the bib of his pen, Sympathy, softaesi, indelible love. In the deadliest outbursts of critic, in Affectionate care intermingle* wttfe fun t Beprgp£ ate but screens far 'oo glowibg * fire Smoked glas es thro1 which we may look at the goo. In th« elondy north, in these recent times, Some orabbad old bachelor— who can dcrab' ?— Has been writing tirades upon girls, their crimes. On their comings in and their goings oat. lie ha* called them a number of naughty names ; He swears as far as Is legal In print; Yon would fancy the whole social scheme was iag$mes. Bat whtn you observe, there is nothing fyi't. We can pity that qaeruloog bachelor's state, Fuming at loss of some lycklesa button, Bubhing his poor old Uirleis pate, Alone o'er the ghost of a scrag of mutton. A rct^nd him what fruitless remorses throng t Perhaps he has gont, poor wretch, aa a guest ' Be lliteus in' thought to a maider/a long j lie clasp* with bis arms a susceptible wabt He vibrates aeatn to a ccitalc*! langh ; There's th.e clatter and patf.r of children's feet ? He ia, d^^dreamins, h«lf in a doj^e, ana half ' * Improvisiug w,hat life would have been if ?pjapjete. Then hU landlady enters, with abrleky voice, To tell Urn the coffee and tea are done : 0\. heavens, and this Is the Ufa oi his choice I - *? A life unloved and a heart u&won.;' Unfortunate bachelo' ! what to hid Are the airy conee'.ts we dertd« and adore? A chignon beneath a pretty hat's brim | Is a (yellow) chignon, and 't-i nothing more. Away with him ! Thousands of others wait Like armies embattled, the word to be loose* To fly In this cause at the (are of fate. And Sgfat, if NTs bat nlfk tbe quill of a rape. 