EMU CREEK GOLD-FIELD. from our correspondent.! August 17. — Mr Woodward, on Tuesday last, asked permission of the bench, occupied only by the P.M., to bo allowed to plead in that court when sitting in Petty Sessions, stating that lie has his papers as an attorney of the Supreme Courts of England placed before the Chief Justice of New South Wales, but it will he a matter of time before he can bo admitted to practico in this court. Mr Forbes. Crown Prosecutor of the Southern Sessions of the Peace, has extended his hand kindly to him. and presented him to his Honor Judge Francis, who received him with great courtesy and allowed him to appear in the Court of Quarter Sessions. Mr | Ryall and Mr Whelan having objected to Mr Wood- ' ward's practising, that gentemon urged that the bench is to command, but not to he dictated to in court, and that it entirely rested with the benel if it chnscs to grant or refuse such application. The bench felt that it could do nothing at present, till higher and competent authorities are consulted intho matter, meantime Mr Woodward may avail himself of the Act of the Courts of Request and appear as agent. Next Tuesday the crushing machines at Mur- rumburrah and the Burnt Yards will commence operations, and these two localities will then have afforded to them the full opportunity to prove their respective value. Some parties returned last Saturday night from the Burnt Yards, and pjvi! excellent accounts of the gold workings. I lie lode, to judge by the specimen, appears decidedly very encouraging, but the crushing, now in petto will tell the truo tale. The Seven-mile still keeps the. people at work with good wages and sometimes enlivens them with faint rushes. Water is failing, and I hear the company's dam has very little left, and the others have little cr none, so that the crushing and the washing up, if heavy rain does not come in the next few days, will be at a dead lock. How wisely then would our Government act to take the adviee tendered in my last to erect us a dam at cost of some of the Mint savings, and so economisa the wasto waters from heavy falls of rain by thunderstorms and otherwise, and thus prevent the stoppage of the machines. It would be the moans of distributing generally the vast riches, otherwise useless and untouched. If there is not sufficient water to carry us over dry seasons, misbry and starvation will be the conse quence. It sooms yet awhile that there is no uso of talking of cooperation here. East year I stated that cooperation was not then needed, but when it would he. time would carry us to it: but as usual on gold-fields all schemes require a long time be fore tlmy ripen to maturity. In tho meantime I do not see why the Government mhl not give us back some of those amounts id Mint savings, which, if wo look upon them in the true light, are our own. and ought to go for expenditure in our behalf solely. The crushings this week are of a very encouraging nature again. At Parker's. 003 tons of tho Homeward Bound. No. 1 North, gavo 1004 ounces: the prospectors of tho same reef crushed at McConnell's. with an expected yield of over one ounce per ton: at Vaughan's 110 tons of the Welcome, Nos. 3 nnd 1 North, brought over one ouneo to tho ton: 123 tons, nt. Rerun's, ' of the Outward Bound. No. 1. brought 73 ounces. Last Saturday tho United Miners' Company's machine commenced operations, making the number of machines hero 11, and the crushing power 10G0 tons per week. , A good many nrrivals from Queensland have put in nn appearance hero. Thcro is some report nflont hero that the Tya- gong is going to have a crushing machine again. Three tons from the Eaglchawk, Junoe rcefa, will undergo a trial this week. Scandalous Misuse of Punuc Money. — We were crediblv informed the other day that tho Minister for Works, or else the Colonial Architect, having a pnrcntnl consideration for tho pocket of the electric telegraph operator at Yass, has absolutely arranged to furnish the kitchen recently built at the rear of the office with a large copper or iron boiler, in which the soiled linen and plum- pudding may bo alternately boiled. This is to be no common vessel of the kind, but one nl great breadth and depth, is to be built round with brick, and have a due beneath it! We have not heard as yet whether the Government have ordered any of the following articles for tho kitchen, which have equally a claim on public expenditure as tho " hiler," namely, a bottle-jack, a tin billy, nnd a gridiron. Could not Mr Cracknell bring Ins knowledge of the applications of electricity to bear so as that a dummy cook could be worked from tho front office ? Teachers' Examination-. — Wc understand that the result of the teachers' examination held in June last has been com ciinic-itcd to some of the. teachers. Mr Pomhrooko. the teacher of St. Clement's Church of England School, has been informed by the secretary of the Council of Education that tho Council, having considered the examiner's report upon his attainments and practical skill as elicited at tho examination held on the 13th June last, lias promoted him and increased his salary, to take effect from the 1st August. Wc congratulate Mr Pembrookc on his success, and no doubt the parents of the children attending St. Clement's School will be much pleased at being made aware of the ap preciation in which Mr Pembrookc is held by tho Conn :il of Education. Wo have not heard the result of the other teachers' examinations. Arrival. — Mrs II. O'Brien nrrived at> Douro from Sydney last Thursday afternoon. Stealin-o Bank Notes. — On Wednesday last it was reported to the police that three W. bank notes had been stolen from Mr Joseph Hart, tobacconist. of Cooma-strcct. It appears that the loser had left his coat hung up at his father's hotel (tho Itoyal) while ho proceeded to his bedroom for the purpose of washing his face and hands. There were then in his pocket a portemonnaic containing three pound notes and some silver. On returning ho missed the notes, tho silver being left behind. The police wero apprised of the cireamstance, but before their arrival Mrs Hart, snspect.ing one of tlie female servants named Ryan, or McCale. searched her, but failed to find the missing money. She. however, discharged the 'girl. Senior-constable Murphy having arrived, the whole of the affair was made known to him. but as the female had, under gone a private search nothing further could lie done. Departure. — Early on Thursday morning Mr William Macleay. accompanied by Mrs Macleny and Miss Thomson, left Yass for Jugiong. cn route for the squattage nl Messrs, Clarke and Macleay on the Murrumhidgoo. Free Selection at Alrury. — Tn no part oT tho colony aro tho advantages of free selection under Robertson's Crown Lands Alienation Act more appreciated than in the district of Albury. On Thurday se'ennight 1097 neres were taken up at the local land office, the selectors being formerly residents of Braid wood, three of one family from there having secured three hundred acres, of Albury, Ten-milo Creek, and Howlong. The ex cellence of the soil and the geographical position of tho district will always make it a favourito locality for tho farmer and vinegrowor. Health of tub District. — As is common nt this Benson, and more especially so this year, owing to tho rapidity oT the atmospheric changes, wo have been experiencing cases of influenza and diphtheria ; none of these, however, have assumed a dangerous character. Fhuit from Sydney. —A day or two ago a travelling fruiterer paid a visit to Y'nss with a very good assortment of pine apples, lemons, oranges, and Hobartown apples, with some other sorts of orchard produce. If sufficient patronage is afforded sacb speculations, our tallies will be furnished during the coming season not only with those fruits from the metropolis which cannot be grown here to perfection, but a variety of vegetables now unattainable in tho district. Mechanics' Institute. — It may be interesting to members of this instituti in to Htuto that an ap plication having been made to the Hon. the Colo nial Secretary for a gratuitous copy of tho Govern ment Gazette for tho use of tho institute, Mr Burkes has directed such to be regularly forwarded tn it. Tuesday's Gazette was duly received by yesterday's post. Telegraph, Burrowa and Young. — Mr Alex- ander Bellhouse has been appointed overseer for the construction of the new electric telegraph line between Burrowa and Young. Insolvency. — Before the Chief Commissioner on Wednesday, re Charles James Woodman : Second meeting. Two debts wero proved, and ac counts for six months, under rules 22 and 23, to be verified and filed by 20th instant. Wheat in Adelaide. — The latest telegram quotes tine price at 7s. No large parcols are ob tainable except at a considerable advance. 'The Treason Felony Act of 'Tasmania has passed its third reading in the Lower House. It does not contain any clauses similar to those intro duced by tho New South Wales Government. New Rush near Rockhampton. — A telegram to tho Umpire says : — A rush lias tnken place to alluvial ground nt Archer's fifteen miln. station. Numbers are leaving here for the locality. The prospector obtained t wo ounces in a day with a tin dish. The sinking is described to ho about four feet. The water is two miles away. Attempt at Murder. — Considerable surprise was felt nn Tuesday evening last when it became known that n quarrel had taken place between two Chinamen, at Lawrence's inn, Tnmwortli. and re- salted in one of them being so seriously stubbed th nt liis life was thought to bo in danger. The facts of the case, so far as we Itavo been able to learn thein, are as follows : — It appears that, nil tho night in question a Chinaman named Piit,IIiggins was playing n game of dominoes with a country man of his named George, in n room in Mrs Law rence's inn. and (luring the progress of the game the latter accused the former of cheating. High words ensued, and a challenge to go into tho yard and settle tho matter in a stand up light was given nnd accepted, nnd both proceeded to tho rear with tho intention of having it out. Prior to leaving tho room, however, it is reported that George — who, liv the wav. was engaged as cook nt tile inn — was seen to take a knife from-hiS'pocket. but this is not certain. On getting into the yard they faced each other in orthodox manner, hut before much harm was done by cither, lliggins found himself stabbed in the stomach under the lower rib on tlm left side, the wound penetrating deep, out whether the intestines were touched or not we have not been aide to ascertain. The police were ac quainted with the circumstances, and they at once arrested George and another Chinaman who was in his company. The wounded man was conveyed in a most critical state to tho hospital, where lie was attended by Dr Down, who did all that was necessary, but who vvns by no means certain that Higgins would ultimately recover. Accordingly preparations wero made for taking his dying de position, but as the victim refused to believe lie was going to die. this could not bo done. Since then ho has progressed towards recovery, and is believed to bo now almost out of danger. George was placed in the lockup, and also the man who was with him at the time of the occurrence, who was charged with inciting the former to commit the deed, hut the latter has since been discharged. — Tam worth Examiner. The " Count" and St. Mary's Cathedral. — The following advertisement appears in Tuesday's Sydney Morniny Hcrahl : — " St. Mary's Cathedral finance committee having resolved not to accept of two horses, lately given by n certain individual towards the expense of replacing tho Cathedral bells, the horses will ho immediately disposed of. and tho proceeds, together with 25 1 (twenty-five pounds) that he gave towards tho completion of the Cathedral, will be hold in trust for th o benefit 'df his creditors." The same issue of tho Herald states that it has ascertained that " a certain individual" is " tho Count" who recently' levanted leaving anxious friends behind in Sydney. Respecting this notability the Brisbane Courier of the 13th instant has the following: — It is pretty well known that the illustrious stranger who lately honoured our poor city with his presence, under tho style, title, and dignity of tho Count von Attems, is the in dividual who. in our Sydney telegram on Tuesday, was said to have obtained large advances iri that city on fictitious papers. Wo are sorry to say that lie managed, during his short stay hero, to walk into the good graces of some of our citizens, and. to make rather heavy drafts on their bankers. His cnunlship, it will he remembered, left Brisbane in that renowned craft the Hamlet's Ghost, the history of which vessel ought to ho written some day: and he has last been heard of at Cleveland Bay. A warrant is nut for his apprehension, and t. i i ,.!... i ._i i r_ t> rrtiupnr.s r.n.u neon oespaieoeu overianu irino i no 1 Deni-on to secure him if possible before ho makes j ' a descent on our friends in Batavia. We failed to : I notice the Count as lie deserved when ho was in ' | Brisbane, but should be visit us again, especially ' with the order which the Sheriff of Queensland desires to confer on Idm on his breast, and Mr Seymour's decorations at liis wrist, we shall 1 endeavour to make amends for our former neglect 1 of Son Altc.-so. ! Qu.i'.ue. another Levanter. — Tho. Melbourne | Herald has the following : — On tho deck of tho mail steamer Bombay, on Sunday, was noticeable an individual who. hitherto known in Melbourne as Mr Dickenson, has left for Bombay as Mr Bagct. a change of name for which lie lias doubtless ex cellent private reasons. During liis stay in the colony this personage has been chiefly remarkable for an eccentrically outre stylo of dress, especially a coat only worn legitimately by tho members of the royal household in England and the vice-regal suite in Ireland, while his expenditure has been characterised l.y an equal amount of recklessness. According to bis own account her Majesty's service had oneo tho honour of including Mr Dickinson in its rolls; but a reference to army lists of various dates lias not exactly confirmed the statement. Important Discovery.- Fiti:?n Wealth for the Colony. — Some time back there was discovered in the vicinity of Rylstono a quantity of water- worn deposits of a red colour, in granular particles, intermixed with minute debris of quartz, schist, nnd other rocks. The weight of the deposits led to the inference that tliey contained metal, but beyond making a colleition of them, nothing was done. A sample of the collection, however, found its way to Sydney about a month or so back, and upon being placed in the hands of a chemist, that gentleman, after applying the usual tests, declared it to he cinnabar, nrbisulphuret of mercury. Upon this being ascertained, a party of men was sent up to the spot where the alluvial deposits had been found, with instructions to search for the vein whence tiieso red particles had come. After a time tho search was successful, and the lode of metal was found. At the present time nothing has been done beyond opening tho lode, where it shows about fourteen inches thick, the cinnabar mixed with quartz debris, lying between bands of recently deposited and easily sol uable pipeclay of a yellow colour. Nn drive lias yet been nut in to ascertain the full size of the lode. The first thing tn be done after really finding tho lode was, of course, to secure it to the enterprising finders, and litis wns dono by purchasing under tho mineral clauso of the Land Aot the section on which tho mine is situated. As the land has been secured to the discoverers there is no reason for concealing th at tho spot where the lode hns been opened is situated on the Otidgegong River, about half-way between Rylstono and tho Gudgegong township. Assays of tho ore have' been made, and it has been found to give 83 per cent, of quicksilver. Con sidering tho great impetus which lias been given to quartz-crushing during the last twclvo months, and the greatly increased number of machines now at work it tho colony, this discovery cannot be regarded but aa a most important ono, as the deTnand for quicksilver is yearly increasing, and, with a supply at hand, quartz-crushing proceed- ings will be greatly facilitated.— -,S\ M. Herald. Early Days of a Murderer. — In view of tho love of the horrible, rather too common in this ago. wo clip from the local paper tlin following par ticulars of the early life of Timothy Hngan, once a resident of New South Wnless, who was executed at Oastlninaine (Va.) yesterday week for the mur der of his mate: - Hngan was born in the year 1S15. and was a native of Borthuv. Waterford. Ireland. In height be was about fivo leet two inches. Ho was by no means muscular, and there was an absence of expression in his face which loft it difficult to read bis character: but bo would by no moans be taken for ono capable of commit ting murder. Ila was employed at home in the celebrated linen manufactory of Maloolmsnn and Co. lie arrived bore free "by the ship Fugle in 19)5. but does not seem to have taken advantage of the golden era: for. ten years ago. at Forest Creek, 7m was looked upon us a man living by thefi;. and wns tho companion of the lowest of gold-field society. IIu occasionally worked, and was for a short time in tho employ of Mr Malcolm Stewart, of Ncwstead. In January of 1SG7 lie wns fined 5s. at tho Oustlemnino Rulieo Court for drunkenness, but although having about 5 1, in his pocket, we.nt to gaol for twenty-four hours: so tbat it may be judged ho liked inonoy. Sinco his condemnation be has stated that bo immediately left for Sandhurst after this occurrence, and by a carious process of reasoning in an indirect man ner palliated liis crime by averring that ho would not have gono to Sandhurst had tho beach not. punished him. It is said that n man named Aldridgo, who had been convicted of stealing, noted as executioner on tho occasion. At tho in quest held on tho body of the culprit it was found that thcro bad been no fracturo of tho vortehras, imt a dislocation of tho ntias and second yortcbroo. Life, it was thought, was almost instantly de stroyed. Wo arc informed, however, thnt such was not tb o case. The executioner know nothing about his horrid calling. Instead of the man fall ing through the drop ho fell first ngainst ono aido and then against the other and the unfortunate wretch did not dio for several minutes nfter tho holt was drawn. Tho whole nffuir was of the most sickening r.nd disgusting description, nnd shows that tho arrangements for executions in country gaols require to lie thoroughly revised. Special Bi.eading — A rather amusing instance (savs tho Braidwood Dispatch I of tho lengths to which legal pleading can he carried was illustrated in u case nt the recent Braidwood Quarter Sessions. A man was indicted for feloniously wounding a neighbour's bull which bad trespassed in his garden. There wns no evidence given as to whether tho benst was branded, although, there wns as to liis lining four years old. a he prisoner's counsel submitted, first, that under tho Impound ing Ac-, unless it was shown that tbe bull was branded, prisoner was justified in shooting it. and second, that as the prisoner had taken up the gun believing it had no shot in it and fired at it merely for tho purpose of frightening it. ho could have had no intention of shooting it. His honor was of opinion that tho Impounding Act, in the power thus given to override the common law, gave no authority to shoot at a beast except for the purpos e of destroying and not of " peppering" it, as it had been termed, and ho thereforo ruled, first, that if prisoner intended to kill the beast when he shot at it be was entitled to an acquittal, had ho proved tlie beast wns not branded, onus to do so resting upon him ; nnd second, thnt if wltcn ho took the gun up to it he had ito intention of injuring or killing it ho was entitled to an acquittal. The jury could tako it either way according to this legal paradox and tho prisoner must be on the winning side — tho case be tween him and tho Crown being one of heads up I win. tails up you loso. Inquest near Goulburn. — On Saturday Dr. Wiiugii hold an inquest at Taralga on lite body of Mr Henry Jeffrey, innkeeper and builder of that place, whose sudden death was reported in our last. Tito evidence went to show that deceased diod of henrtdisease. The jury returned a verdict of died by tlm visitation of God. — Goulbutn Herald. Pastoral Affairs on the Lower Murrum- nnineb. — The Express says : — Somo few light showers havo fallen through the week nnd have for tho moment moistened tho surfneo soil, but they have not been sufficiently heavy to do any perma nent good, nnd as the spring is now close upon us, and we havo not yet been favoured with half enough rain to supply the wants of the squatters, serious fears aro beginning to bo entertained that we havo entered upon a season ol drought and scarcity, and that before the summer is over stock will he put to great straits for feed and water. On many of tho 'stations feed is by no means too plentiful, nnd if nn rain falls before the hot weather sets in tho little moisture there is in the soil will soon cvapnr-, ate nnd littlu or no growth in the grass can bo looked for. There is still another month in which, if heavy rain falls, all may go well, but if that timo passes over without it pastoral prospects in tho district will bo anything but encouraging. Shear- ing lias already commenced on some of tho lower Riverine stations, and will soon become general throughout tlie district. Labourers appear to ho pretty plentiful, and during tho early part of tho season prices for shearing are lilqcly to rulo fully twelve and a lialf per cent, lower than last year. Imt as tlie demand becomes greater, rates in tho later sheds will probably attain to the level of thoso . nf last year. The lambing throughout tho district lias been a very satisfactory one. and the average increnso will favourably compare with that of the best years. Tu e Goulrurn Public ScnooL. — The number of children attending this school is now 30S, which is considerably in excess of tho highest expecta tions of its promoters. — Gaul burn Herald. Deodorisi.no Kerosene Oil. — Mr Harrison, of Carcoar, has submitted for our inspection (says the Carcoar Herald of Saturday) a bottle of Hartley kerosene oil. which ho claims to have deodorised by a chemical proce.-3 known only to himself. We aro glad to bo able to stato that the snmple submit! od is frco from that unpleasant smell usually emitted by the Hartley keroscno when in a slate of ignition, neither is tbe photic power of the oil diminished i on the contrary, it burnB more freely —the flame being whitorand clearer than in the nndcodorised stato. \ Trade detween Gladstone and New Cale donia. — There is somo talk in town (says the Glad stone Observer J about tho probability of a trade being opened up with our French neighbours. It is stated on good authority that a letter has been received by tho manager of a station, from a Sydney firm under contract to supply tho Fronch gnrrison at New Caledonia, inquiring on what terms cattlo could bo shipped from this port. As there must be about 4000 troops on tho island, such a trade would be a most desirable addition to our commerce, and. perhaps load to an extension in other directions. Servant Girls and Registry Offices. — " Paterfamilias." of Albury. lining in a tlx for a female " help." writes to tho Post:— I havo been looking out for a domestic for many weeks past, and 1'md Hint sucli is the scarcity, that women doing sentences in the gaol aro now engaged in ndvanco to go into private families as soon as their "timo is up." In Melbourne tho fnctories ln.ve absorbed the whole of tho available female labour, and tho following is my experience ot try ing to engage a party in tbe metropolis of Victoria. There were no girls at tho immigration depot. At the Immigrants' Homo there wero eighty married women who had been deserted by their husbands, but all of the-m bad from two to seven children with thein. At the Servants' Homo there was only one female on the books, and she wns of an un« certain age, and bad a boy ton years old, I then fell back on the labour offices, when tho following colloquy took place: — Polite proprietress : " Young woman wanted Tor the country? yes. sir: here is one." Young woman: "How far is it?" Pater familias: "200 miles." Young woman: "Too far. What wages P" Paterfamilias :" Name your terms." Yroung woman: "Forty pounds a year, and my mail faro: but how many children are thore?" Paterfamilias: "Alas! seven." Young woman: "I'm afraid I shouldn't suit ; good morn ing." The same ceremony' having been gone through with two other young women, with a like result, the lady of tho labour mart tifeain stepped forward. Polite proprietress: " Y'ou aro diffioull to suit, but here is a young woman that will fill t-lio place to your satisfaction. She can waBh, hake, scrub, iron, cook, milk cows, is very fond of children, likes tho country, and will go for 261. a- ycar." Paterfamilias : " Let her bo engaged." A paper was then drawn up. signed by tho young woman with a cross, and I was told the girl's uamo was Bridget, but she could not tell tho name of tho street she lived in. She would, however, eall ut tho Hotel in timo to go by tho next ooaoh to Albury. I was informed that there was five shillings engagement fco to pay for tho girl, nnd fivo shillings to bo paid by tlio cmployor. As Bridget had no money, perhaps I would pay the _ whole. This was assented to. and I went on my way rejoicing at tho " treasuro" I was sending up to my wife. Will it bo believed that within an hour Bridget called at tho hotel, and left her en gagement-paper with tho barman, with an intima tion that sho never intended to go. Now I don't say it is the practico at theso labour marts' to keep a " stock " girl, who is trotted out wbonovor nn employer from tho country finds it difficult to get suited : but tho ready way in which Bridget con sented to everything, tho forgotfulncsa whioh prf» ventod her reoollecting her address, ond the promptness with which she repudiated the transac tion as soon as the fees woro paid, was certainly on " eye-opener" to yours, Patebfamiliab. _ Latest from New Zealand.— Tho Superinten dent's telegrams, this mornipg. state that the Govornmont forces, under Wostrop and Wilson, numbering 130. which had been sent to intercept tho runaways, opened fire at them at Wairoa. Tho fire was returned by the runaways. One white man and ono native were killed on our sido, and several wounded. The Government party broke and fled into tho bush, leaving eighty horses and part of their provisions, clothing, ond accoutrements in tlio hands of tho. Hau-haus. Tlio Han-haus then advanced upon Reinga. en route for Wuikaremina. but were met at tho former place by Richardson's force. Skirmish- ing ensued. Tho friendly natives undor Richard son all br.ltcd as soon as tho first shot was lircd. The remainder of the force made a stand, and one Hau-hau chief was mado prisoner. — Otago Times. Tub Essence of Meanness. — At tlio Divorce and Matrimonial Court. Melbourne, on tlio 15th instant, Mr Justico Molesworth gavo the fol lowing jndument in Wade u Gowan. Tho peti tion "was filed in this case by William Wade, a produce merchant of Geelong. to havo a marriago he contracted with the respondent. Susan Baker, in 1853, in Launceston. declared null nnd void, on j the ground that ho had been previously married to Frances Baker, the respondent's sister. Tho facts of tho ease were published in full about throe weeks ago. when tho arguments were heard, and it will bo remembered that in 1851 the petitioner married Franoes Baker, who died in 1853. Several weeks after her death ho was married to the respondent, Susan Bakor, and several —chil dren were born, one of whom — a girl about four teen years of ago — still lives. In 18GG a separation took place-, nnd a fow months ago bo filed the pre sent petition to have the marriage declared null, such marriages, although null when contracted in England, being legal in this colony until set aside. In delivering judgment, his honor said that, inas much as tho 5th and Gth William, cap. 4. generally known as Lord Lyndhurst's Act. has now been adopted in this colony, it became necessary for tlio petitioner, under the circumstances detailed in the petition, to apply to tho court to annull tlio marriago said to havo been contracted between himself and the respondent. lie then recited tho fnets, and said the only question of difficulty which presented itself during tho hoaring of the suit was afi to tho modo of proof of the alleged affinity between tlio two sisters. On this point ho referred to tho evideneo given ; after which lie stated ho held tho nlfinity proved, and that being the main, and ho might say the solo issue in tlio suit, ho pronounced his decreo in favour of the petilioner. , and granted tlio prayer ol his petition. He did not' advert to tho motives-actuating either tlio peti tioner or respondent. The conduct of both was open to much observation, moro especially that of tho petitioner; but he conceived no discretion waR allowed him in tho matter, if tho requisito proof was beforo tlio court to sustain tho peti tion. Tho law deolarod such a marriago to bo void, and ho bad only to pronounce accordingly. A Just maotsteaial Decision ! — On Saturday, 8th August, n man named John Ford, in the em ployment of Mr James Mayo, butcher, of East Mnitlnnd, was. whilst being conveyed to the look- up on a enarge oi arunuenness, suojecioa to most oruol and brutal treatment by one of the arresting oonstahles. senior-constable Ooolirane. Tlio man, temporarily bereft of his senses by imbibing too freely at tho Bacchanalian Bhrine, resisted the con stables (two in number) in their efforts to convoy him to the loekup. and ono of them who has beon nlready named retaliated upon him by seizing him by tlio hair and propelling him forward with tho full weight of his body depending therefrom, a distance of some twenty yards, whero a cart await ed him, and into which ho was pitched as though he were belonging to tho inferior species. During tho whole of this timo it is necessary to state that he was hnndcuffcd, and thus rendered compara tively powerless, and in a doublo degree at the mercy (little of which was shown him) of his cap tors. Secured in tho cart, he was lodged athw.irt- ships. tlio weight of ono constable being upon his neck, that of the otiier upon one of his legs, which was placed parallel with tho wheel, each revolution of which threatened its dislocation. This brutal exhibition attracted numbors to tho spot, who unitedly protested their abhorrence to it. Mr Mayo, impelled by a sense of duty and humanity, re quested Cuchrario to uso less violence towards tho man, whom lie asked to go quietly, also offering to bo ansiverablo for his nppearanco if Cochrane liborated him. A charge of inciting to resistance was brought by Cochrane against Mr Mayo, nnd tho case came on for hearing at the East Maitland Court on Friday beforo Messrs. E. D. Day, Poll, and J. Thompson, J.P.'s. Mr Mullen, noting on be half oFOouhrano. nnd Mr Henry O'Mengher on that of defendant. Three crediblo witnesses, amongst whom was Mr Jarnes Dodds, deposed to tho foregoing facts, which were merely regarded by the magistrates as extenuating circumstnnccs, they convicting tho defendant and fining him in tho mitigated penalty of 40a., nnd court costs. This dcoisiun caused Ford to forego summoning Cochrnno for assnult, justly conceiving thnt it would terminate in a second victory for the latter. The futility of entoring tho arena of thq court with a constable for an opponent, has on moro than ono occasion been plainly demonstrated. Doubtless magistrates nro right in affording every fnoility to the constabulary in their efforts to pro- aorve poaco ; but when it is done by tho perpotra- tion of cruel nnd harsh practices upon those dis turbing it, it should be met, to say tho least, with a fitting rebuke and not with an approving coun- tennnco, Ford was fined 3i. 5s, for tho offences with which he was charged, and a man named Thomson, who followed tho cart to tho lockup, in order to bo a stay upon tho constables in their treatment of Ford, was arrested and incarcerated with him, and is now doing a sentenco of sevon davs for resisting them in tho execution of their duty. A man named Duff was also fined 2s. Gd. for expressing his disapproval of tho constables conduct. — Maitland correspondent Empire. A Very Niob Neioudourhood. — The Border Post writes : — Wo hoar great complaints ot some . of tho pcoplo now settled at Jindern. During the » last few days thirty-two pigs havo been shot, a horse hns been tomnhnwked. and a mare has been blinded with small shot. These mnlicious injuries are supposed to have boon inflicted because tho nforeBnid animals committed some trespass on lnnds insecurely fenced. Wo have to caution tho Jindcra people against this illegal conduct, nnd to point out to them that they have a proper legal re medy which cannot bo superseded with impunity by taking tho law into their own hands ; and that the perpetrators of such outrages as we have men tioned will have to suffer tho conscquencos if dis covered. Cured Meat for England. — Mr John Little- wood is preparing for transmission to England the carcases of two whole sheep, cured upon tho same principlo as tho meat lately tested at Garton's hotel, and which wns pronounced a success, Ono of these oaronses will be tested in London, and tho other roturned to tho colonv. to be then tested nn to its prescrvation.- -Mcllourne Herald. A Couraoeous Girl. — I he Wallaroo Times, a Bouth Australian paper, records tho following act of bravery on tho part of a young girl:— On Thursday, tho Gth instant, a littlo boy, named Marsdcn, got into a small dingy by tho sea shore, ot tho back of the assay offieo, to play. Shortly afterwards tho tide commenced to run out. and tho dingy was taken with.it a short distance, when tho littlo follow becoming alarmed, managed to npsot his frail bark, nnd was in imminent danger of being drowned. The accident was witnessed by one or two women on tho jetty and tbe ooal hulk, who at once commenced to scream out and- give tho alarm. Tho daughter of Mr Duncan, of tho Globe Hotel, a girl of nbout thirteen years of i ago, being near and seeing what was tho matter, s at onoo courageously wnlkcd out as far as she could into the Bea, and just managed by extending her arm to roach tho little fellow, bringing him " jBafoly to land with ber. Had' this young lady not had tlio courage and presence of mind to act ns promptly as she did tho boy must havo been drowned, ns ho bad beon under tlio water twice, and no other assistance was immediately available. A Sable Character. — A well-known abori ginal chief named Thomns Booker died at Nornville. Brisbane Water, on tho Gth instant, nnd was buried in tho Church of England cemetery nt Nornh on tho following day. Llis remains were placed in a neat coffin, nnd in accordance with tho native cus tom all liis goods nnd ohattels wero buried with him. consisting of hat. contp, cap. blnriket. pines, boots, trousers, gloves, shot nnd match box. belt, nnd Gd. in money. Tho above inventory cuts but a sorry figuro as compared with tho treasures buried with the late Queen Rasoherina of Madagas car. Of tho once powerful and numerous tribe of (lie Brisbane Water district, five only remain —three males and two females. The deceased was probably under forty years of agb. Drink and exposure (as in most cases with the aboriginals) were tho cause of his death, accelerated by his visit to Sydney to do honour to II.R.II. the Duke of Edinburgh. Booker was well known to many gentleman in Sydney who take an interest in the aborigines, It is highly prohahlo. liad his early associations been different, nnd had ho boen properly educated, thnt he would have been a man of mark, being possessed of great natural ability and cleverness. In committing his body to tho earlli. we were forcibly reminded of the text, " To whom much has beon given, from him much shall bo required: and to whom little has beon given, from him littlo shall bo expected;" and from tbe fact that we all shall bojudgod by the light that is in us. In closing this briof notico, wo would willingly cngravoJiis good deeds on brass, and write the others on tho sands of the sea shore. — Empire. Scaiibv Sheep Imported from England. — We understand that two of the ship's sheep, which wero on Monday landed in their cote from th.o Damascus, just in from London, were found by the sheep inspector to be scabby. They wero at nnen taken on board by the captain and destroyed : but he will, nevertheless, be proceeded against for tho lOOf which ho has incurred. This is now the second lot of scabby sheep which have arrived from Englnnd within the last eight or ten months, and it shows the necessity for vigilance on the part of tho sheep inspector. To avoid tho risk of shipping infected sheop in future, wo would strongly impress upon captains and agents the necessity of adopting the suggestion mado by tho chief inspector on the occasion of the last im portation of this description, of having all sheep, whether for ships' uso or ns cargo, examined by some competent person before being put on board. By this means not only would wo be free from tho risk attending tho bringing of scabby sheep to our ports, but captains would bo saved from tho trouble and annoyance of such prosecutions as tho present. In this instance thero woro no valuable stud sheep on board, but thero wore on the last, which hnd to be quarantined for six months, and frequently dressed at a heavy expenso to their owner: and if, as has been said, theso stud sheep wero infected by tho ship's sheep, it becomes ship owners and captains to bo especially careful, for their own snkes, thnt tho Bheop they put on board for killing are clcam otherwise tho character of their vessels for tho conveyance of livo-stoek must suffer.— S. .If. Herald. HLBUluni UbTlVKEN I OUNQ AND 1JUKROWA.— Tho works nro being pushed forward for the ox- tenBion of the telegraph lino from Young to Burrown. tho holes aro dug, and tho posts laid for a good distance along tho line. Wo CBurrangong Argus ) understand that tho wiro is expected to be ready for the transmission of mcssngos by about October next. Arrest of a Prize-fighter. — Tho long-pro jected fight between Jack Robson and Ned Whito, for 2001., which was to eomo off near Grenfell on Monday last, has beon prevented by tho nrrest of Whito by the Forbes police at Strickland's reof. — Burrai/gong Argus. Police Office Practice nv Non-professionals. — On Tuesday last Mr Woodward, a recent nrrival in Grenfell, applied to tho bench for permission to conduct cases, ns an advocate, in the Police Court. He said lie wns an English solicitor, and had taken tho nccoesnry steps to bo admitted as an attorney in this colony. His admission would, therefore, bo only a matter of time; and, as lie had been permitted to prnetico at Young and other places (the permission being entirely in tlio discretion of ,tho bench), lie hoped it would bo extended to him hero. Mr Ryall. as senior member of tho pro fession at Grenfell, denied that tlio bench had such power, and objeeced to the application being granlcd. To admit persons to tho privileges of tho profession, on their simple representations. woulu open tlio road to innumerable abuses and impositions; Without for n moment referring to the present easo, ho said that, if magistrates were to do what tho bench had been asked to do, there wns every probability tho privilego of practising would bo. in some cases, extended to persons whose names hnd been struck off the rolls in Eng land, and in others where tho representations of tho applicant wero entirely falso. Mr Whclan sup ported the position taken by Mr Ryall, and tho Police Magistrate, thereforo, declined to grant the application without first ascertaining whether the power to do so was vestod in him or otherwise. — Burrangong Argus. Holloway's Pills.— Look to your health. — Any abrupt chango in tho wenthor always causes much disordered action in the human body. It is a pintter of primary importance to rectify any irfo- gularity without delay, which it is in tho power of everyone to do. by taking Holloway's pills. Theso pills aro tho best preventives of indigestion, nnd the mildest aperients ever prescribed. They purify nnd cool tho blood, nnd equaliso tho circulation through tho system, oven to tho minutest vessels of tho skin. They not admirably on tho liver and kidneys. Holloway's pills control with safety and certainty all irregularties of action, which may be diminishing muscular or nervous energy, by their wholesome influcnco over both corporeal and raontal functions. 