CONGREGATIONAL UNION JOE NEW SOUTH . ... WALES.' V but following is the address of the Chairman of the Union, the Rev S C Kent, which was delivered at the public meeting held in the Pitt-street Congregational Church, on Tuesday opening - Falling AND llllMllltKN, Duties are ours, events are God's The future is died from us a mere) Vt o know not what shall be on the morrow When and did me the honour to elect me to this chair I should most resolutely have declined to undertake its responsibilities could I have foreseen the sorrows that awaited mc, the loss I was about to sustain, the long mli isterial silence to be imposed upon me, and that I should be called myself to treat! on the very verge of the grave as well as to deposit therein the remains of my beloved wife and child I trust my affliction has taught me the sustaining power or Day The grace Certainly It has impressed me with such confidence in the deep and generous sympathy which wells in all your hearts that I fear not to speak to you to-night Not that I am equal to the task before me, but that I have proved you to be possessed, in an eminent degree, of that charity which I suffers long, and is kind, and which covers a multitude of faults On an occasion like the present we on scarce]) fall to look back to the great gatherings of our brethren in the Union meetings of the fatherland meetings in which some of us um o once and again been painfully and beneficially Impn start with our own insignificance and inferiority At home (for we must still call I the dear old country, home) we were accustomed to worship In buildings where our fathers and our fathers' fathers had worshipped before us, and to minister in pulpits where some of the worthies of the ever memorable year 1662 trust asserted their own freedom and laid broad and deep, the foundations on which our religious privileges are built line everything is new Vi within the memory of many living men the first stone of the first Congregational Church was laid Most of us have had to superintend the erection of the buildings we use. N wncricnllv we are a feeble folk The Episcopalians, Presbyterians, and V cslcjans were in this field long before us, and greatly excel us in the number, influence, and wealth of their adherents Undoubtedly we have duties In rotation to the ever increasing population around us duties, the magnitude of which we have not measured much Icbb discharged, but we are not exclusively nor mainly responsible for the spread of the Gospel in this colony in proportion to our numbers, intelligence, wealth, and opportunities we are answerable, but only in such proportion Those who, in every sense, are stronger than we and who for many years had free access to the State treasury, have no right to reflect upon the smallness of our doings We rej dec exceeding) in the great advances which have been made of late years by the Churches of other denominations, When we 1 laboured to deprive them of State aid they thought we meant them mischief, but they are beginning to find that we ought to be numbered with their best friends Moreover they now are working the ^ voluntary principle with an earnestness, real and success which should cause us to look to our laurels Not that we envy them or wish they should prosper less-for their success Is our success-but we take shame to ourselves that we do not more worthily practise the lesson which it is was our privilege to teach On an occasion like the present, especially In a land in which the battle against State aid to religion has been fought and won, it might not be thought inappropriate if your chairman directed your gaze towards the great ecclesiastical conflicts now waging in the old countries Mo should be unworthy of our sires if, as mere uninterested spectators, we could look on while the contest respecting religious endowments in Ireland continues We have confidence as to the issue, however long may be the struggle " Freedom's battle once begun, Bequeathed from bleeding sire to son, 1 Though baffled oft is ever won While with our Lu girls we play that Mr Gladstone may succeed in the work he has undertaken, we are Protestants prepared to stand for Protestant truth We believe that the Episcopal Church will be stronger, better, wider, and more powerful than ever and that the green hills of old Ireland will again resound with the pure Gospel of Christ We are not animated In this matter by political partisanship, by jealousy, or by any narrow minded envy) towards other and kindred Churches Most certainly we are not animated by any lack of zeal for Protestantism At such a time as this your attention might suitably) be called to those indications of The Church of the future," respecting which that noble man, the Rev Thomas Binney, so eloquently wrote in a work we rejoice to claim as an Australian production The ov ents connected with the recent Centenary Anniversary of Cheshunt College we look upon as among the signs of the times We read with admiration and delight the manly, brotherly words of tant earnest scholar the Dean of Canterbury, and that devoted Christian Archdeacon Sandford, We cannot but be glad that one whom we love so much, as we do, our valued friend Mr Binney was the preacher on that occasion Had these dignitaries of the Episcopal Church come out of their way to patronise us we should have considered the circumstance unworthy of note But seeing they came as brethren, recognising our ministers as true ministers of Christ, and our Churches as true churches we rejoice for their sakes as well as for our own Referring to the events of which we speak, Dean Alford has since written to the Guai onion -" There seems to be some little misapprehension respecting the) platform of action, which, if suffered to continue, might hinder the object I have in view. T at object is the frank recognition of the Christian bodies around us as Churches of Christ, without any compromise of doctrine, and with no ulterior views As to the former compromise of doctrine 1 claim to be, as to every Church doctrine, unchanged by fraternisation ' with those who differ from us and they, on their part, stand on the same ground. On the firm maintenance of this principle all true recognition and union depend Vi whether the) omit in their worship an article of the creed is no matter of mine They love and son of the Lord Jesus Christ, they are my brethren, I believe the time has come when I am bound to show that regard them as such And as to the latter point abandonment of ulterior views respecting them I have no hesitation in saying that, as I do not expect so whither do I wish for any absorption of Nonconformists into the Church of England believe it would be the worst thing possible both for ourselves andfortbtin Me are to be 'Nut unwise, but understanding what the will of the Lord is And to my mind. His will has been unmistakably manifested in the free expansion of the Christian conscience as now found among us It is our duty not to fight against his Providence, not to attempt to work our way back to a uniformity which has utterly gone by, but to surrender our miserable jealousies, to accept, bravely and frankly, the state of things in which God has placed us, to walk in the kingdom of God, and to the house of God, and In society before the world, hand in hand with our Nonconformist brethren Thus only shall we of the Church of England he making safe and wise preparation for the day) which must soon come upon her. We may, if we please, lower ourselves, by exclusive cubs and uncharitableness, so us to become in that day a mere sect among sects, but we may also, and I hope we shall, so lift in our esteem our Christian Brethren around us or to find ourselves, when deprived of the aid of the beale, a Church among Churches " After such words from such men I do not think you will be of opinion that 1 time given undue prominence to the circumstances connected with the Cheshunt Centenary Anniversary, " to which," says Archdeacon Sandford, " I look back with delight, and bail as pregnant with important issues to the cause of Christ " 1 um--»é*îjited..'n 'turn aside for a moment, before proceeding to tbSjd " *- address" to glance at a question nearer home thaneiwA*fôr,nfb"i>oP which I have spoken I went further In- formation before venturing to deliver an opinion with that decision and emphasis with which I should like to speak on such a subject, but I may venture to say that I am greatly alarmed by that which I hear respecting the manner in which natives of the South Sea Islands are decoyed from our mission stations and dealt with in a neighbouring colony. If some things which have been told me are true it is time that we roused ourselves thoroughly to inquire in of this matter, As a Denomination we have a history in connection with the anti-slavery agitation, both in England and in the United States, of which we may well be proud Our watchwords are "freedom of conscience and "freedom of person" for every child of Adam Vt c have not forgotten the millions sterling England paid to secure the abolition of slavery in her colonies and dependencies The soil has scarcely yet absorbed the torrents of blood which flowed from the wounds of our brethren in the States of America during the great conflict from which they have but just emerged Vve are jealous of the insertion of even the thin end of the wedge , and surely) it is better to speak and, if necessary, to me I now, than to wait until we behold repeated in this hemisphere the enormities which in other lands we have deplored and denounced Our neighbours in Queensland may possibly bid us to mind our own business If so, we reply, whatever affects man's liberty, civil or religious, in our business, and we intend to mind it Although I am comparatively a young man, I am able to look back to a period in our religious history when we had belonging to us in this city only the church in which I now speak and the church at Redfern, when our friends at Balmain were worshipping in a tent, and our friends on surry Ellis in a public house, and when, excepting a small wooden structure between East and West Maitland, we had scarcely another place of worship in the colony Much has been done within the last fourteen years This building has been greatly enlarged In addition to our city churches, we have now eleven suburban places of worship, and substantial buildings have been erected at Newcastle, Maitland, W ollon^ong, Campbelltown, and elsewhere We have also brethren Ubounuc, at Gerringong, Murrurundi Windsor, and Young In connection with several of our churches suitable school rooms have been built, and from our college five young men have gone forth to the work of the ministry, for which four others are being prepared What has been done but over, was nothing in comparison with what remains to be accomplished here is much land yet to be possessed Scattered through our wide country there are large numbers into whose dwellings a minister has never entered, and who from the beginning of the year to the end of the year never have the opportunity of attend- ing a religious service While we have had occasion to deplore the removal by death of such men as the Revs Dr Ross, Threlkeld, and Buzacott, while we have regretted to see men like the Revs Messrs Beazley, Cuthbertson, Arnold, and W eton returning to the father land, we have still a goodly band of labourers left, men whose services any section of Christ's Church might begin to claim , men whom any minister of Christ, on the ground of their talents, attainments, character, and worth, might be glad to own as brethren And yet is there not room to ask notwithstanding our increase in numbers and a considerable amount of external prosperity, whether w chave cause to be satisfied with our spiritual condition The Gospel is preached earnestly, and in some cases eloquently, are the results cq as to what we might reasonably anticipate' Is there not occasion for us to inquire Is the Lord among us or not " Could we, as did the Apocalyptic seer, behold our risen and glorified Lord w liking in the midst of his Church, should we not hear him say I have somewhat against ture Listen to his loving voice " I know thy works, that thou hast a name that thou livest and art dead Ben watchful, and strengthen the things which remain, that are ready to die, for I have not found thy works perfect before God. I know thy works, that thou art neither cold nor hot I would thou wert cold or hot " Possibly the bereavements which I have been called to experience and the affliction through which I have passed may have led me to take a more sombre view of things than facts justify I would gladly believe that the disease is in my vision, and not in that on which I look Should it be so I am sure you will pardon me God forbid that I should be the mouthpiece of the great Spirit of Evil, one of whose distinguishing title is the accuser of the Brethren Is there lack of spirituality? I feel it in myself is the need for greater warmth, and earnestness, and call None need these more than I do Are we wanting in consistency, and self denial, and devotion' Truly, with the poet, I may say .' Where falls this censure It overwhelms myself " Vic- greatly need an increase of piety in the members', power in the services, and fruit in the labours of our churches Not long since, in one of my visits to the country), I was startled by the statement of a brother minister-a man accustomed to weigh his words, and not rash with his mouth- to this effect, that he believed very few, if any, of the members of his Church were in the habit of daily reading the Scriptures, excepting at family player I was so surprised that I caused him to repeat the statement twice that I might be sure I heard aright, and that he might be induced to reconsider it, The Bible is far better bound than in the days of our fathers Its covers are more beautifully wrought and its edges more tastefully gilded It is a book well adapted for purposes of display, but for profit for common use Light reading is emus- culating the intellectual strength of thousands Iko immense popularity of trashy books, the prevalence of a tainted and polluting literature, the prominent incidents in which are seduction, murder, and abominable mysteries of iniquity, indicate, too surely, a lack of moral tone and meditative o habit It has been said, perhaps somewhat too severely, "The Churches teach the people to read and the Devil is finding the books " Mr. Fairfax, in the interesting and touching lecture which he delivered In this place a few days ago, not without reason raised a warning voice against a tendency among our young people especially to seek their amusements night after night away from home, and that sometimes in places and ways exceedingly questionable. Recrea- tion is fast degenerating into dissipation. There has of late been a disposition even in the anniversary meetings which have been held in connection with places of worship to introduce the element of amusement These things ought not so to be. No money that may so be won for the treasury can compensate for the mischief which is done. The weapons of our warfare are not carnal Mc cannot fiirrciifiilly fight the Devil with his own weapons Jlo knows how to use them far better than we do llnNc we not room also to fear that in many instances tin dish r race between those who are openly of the world and those who professed) belong to the church is to be found in this, that the former worship only one god, and the latter, notwithstanding too plain declaration, "Ye cannot serve God and mammon," try to worship ric Is it not true that in the hurry and bustle of colonial life, in the hot race after wealth, Christian character sudl) deteriorates there is that maketh himself rich, yet hath nothing he that maketh, haste to be rich shall not be innocent have not many among us reason to extol dm, " Oh that I were as in months past, in in the days when God preserved me , when Ills candle shined upT my head, and when by His light I walked through darkness, as I was in the days of roy you b when the secret of God was, upon my tabernacle when the Almighty was yet with met " If there be any truth in the oft-quoted statement that the prayer meeting is the thermometer by which the spiritual state of a Church may be ascertained, what must be the spiritual condition of our Churches T Uav c we not hundreds of members possessing abundance of leisure, and in the enjoyment of excellent health, who although they are often to be found in places of amusement and in the houses of their friends, are seldom or never to be seen at any of our week-night services ! Does not wickedness abound in our city and colony ' My valued friend and earnest fellow-labourer In the Gospel, the Rev. li. Taylor, of St Stephen's, Newtown, told me the other day, that in one short street as many as seven drunkards resided, and that in one portion of the district under his charge, in three out of every four houses an habitual drunkard was to be found The Rev John Sharpe, In 1866, prepared a statistical paper, in which bears, "Vi of held at the beginning of the present year, one public-house to every thirty- three and a quarter dwelling houses , one public-house to every two hundred and one of the entire population , or one such house to every one hundred and twenty-seven and a half of the population over 14 years of age " The population of our colony at the date of his paper, was 411,388 persons, of these 150,815 were under H years of age, leaving 200 543 persons over fourteen years Taking the Customs' returns we find these JG 543 persons consuming 7,505 gallons of liquor, besides the spirits issued from the Sugar Company, which are not included in this calculation . Mr. Sharpe adds -' Dow much these 767,505 gallons will make when reduced and adulterated, as large quantities of the spirits, &c;, sold in public-houses undoubtedly are, it may be impossible to say VI e have been told by persons who profess to know something about the matter, that two reckon twice the amount given in the Customs' returns we shall still be below the truth I his would give about six gallons per annum to every person over fourteen years of age A gentleman in the service of the Government, who has an extensive acquaintance with the interior of our colony, and who is an esteemed and consistent member of the Church under my pastoral care, a few months ago prepared a paper for my use from which I will venture to make one or two brief quotations De Rays -" Among the single shepherds, hut-keepers, fencers shearers, sheep washers, and generally useful men on stations, as well as among a migratory class of farming-men, It is the rule for them to spend or " spree " their earnings in drink and debauchery, and the exception to save them Among the causes which lead to this lamentable state of matters, he instances, the great number of public-houses Not only, he says, is here now every convenience for spending money in drink throughout the colonies, but in most cases every inducement is held out to do so, and the temptations arc be very strong and numerous that few working men can resist them In determining whether or not a public-house is to be erected in any of the bush or country districts the calculation is of course made as to whether it will pay, and In doing so, there is little or nothing expected from the custom of travellers. The principal question being as to the number of servants and workmen in the neighbourhood, and so certain is it that the men will spend their earnings that public-houses are now thickly planted In every district, and frequently where none are required for the accommodation of travellers One-half of these houses could not exist were their owners to confine themselves to what is con men) termed fair and legitimate trade The fact is that many of the inns in the bush are mere " spreeing " shops, where the innkeepers do not care to see respectable customers With such certainty do they count upon the working man's cheque that they speak of him, when he leaves the district without spending it, as if he had committed an offence against the law, and done them an unwarrantable injury In not a few of these places the most vile and poisonous drinks are retailed and it seldom too, with a view of rendering their victims powerless in their hands Indeed, it is a common occurrence for the labouring man, on going into a public-house of this description and taking a single glass of liquor, to remember no more until he finds himself in the " horrors," and his money all spent, or, at any rate, said to be so. The cheques that are yearly spent in this way an even (so called) respectable houses, while their owners are in a state of thorough helplessness, may be reckoned by thousands, and their amount by tens of thousands of pounds, while our Infirmaries, hospitals, lunatic asylums, and gaols are flooded with the. victims of this most iniquitous system under which publicans for days together supply drunken men, in a state of helplessness or madness, with strong spirits and, frequently, something worse " In the valuable paper from which I quote, my friend refers to the want of clergymen, as well as to the presence of publicans, in accounting for the frightfully immoral condition of the inhabitant of our bush He says " in the bush there is a great lack of clergymen They have as yet scarcely) penetrated the outlying districts, such as the Darling, the VC nrn co, and the Paroo In districts nearer Sydney, such as flic Lower Lachlan, Lower Bogan, the Narran, and Barwan, clergymen may perhaps be met with once or twice a year, but if the) do visit these districts the visits must be very hurried ones, and must be of exceeding little advantage to the residents, even in the more settled districts clergymen are far from plentiful, ' and if they are too few in these districts to do much good among the working men, wbatposelblc advantage can the people who reside in the outlying districts derive from mere living visits ' A few children may be baptised, some subscriptions may be obtained, and a great deal of hardship may be home by the Clergymen who go these rounds, but very little good is accom- pitched even among the proprietors of the places at which the clergymen call, while the working men may, perhaps, just hear that a clergyman has visited the station " A deacon of one of our churches, and a delegate to this Union, ' not very long ago found himself on a station where the men had lost count of the days of the week, and were keeping Wednesday I as Sunday, not by any religious service, but simply as a holiday. On one of my visits into the interior, on behalf of the British and Foreign Bible Society, he was told by a minister of the Anglican Church that in his travels he had come upon a family where the children had never so much as seen a clergyman When he was requested to baptise them one of the daughters, a fine tall girl, escaped into the bush through fear of what might be done to her. The state of our own country is such as to demand the most serious consideration The amount of prostitution, evensong. very young girls in our city and throughout our land, 16 appal-I ling 1 of years I was in the habit of reading the journals kept by the teachers in our Ragged Schools, and for some time I was Secretary of our coming Refuge, and the facts which have come to our) knowledge respecting the immorality prevailing in this country are so distressing, that I have sometimes been able only to find relief by striving to forget them, acting like the ostrich, which, when terrified by danger, is said to hide its head in the sand. Surely, I have said enough to convince even the most skeptical that we greatly need unimproved state of things Whether we consider the lack of spirituality in the Church, or the abound- ing wickedness in the world, we cannot come to any other conclusion The ministers of the several denominations are crowded together in our cities and towns, gone very small places having more than twice the number they require an evil occasioned in, the first instance by the baneful system of indiscriminate State aid, while the scattered population of the bush is almost entirely) I uncared for Of Luther It was said, when he preached, " Each word of this was as a thunderbolt " Of Venn, we are told, when he preached, "Men fill before him like slaked lime" Richard Baxter declared that he " had reason to believe that he never' preached on sermon in vain" How different is it with us'. How few are converted under our ministry' How feeble and ineffective art our Paloma j Can we have that which we need' God the Spirit can give it, God the spirit has often roused the Church, and that in times of peculiar ileauncsB He is still the same who, in vast centuries, > wrought wonders by Luther in Germany, by mingle in German Switzerland, by Calvin in French Switzerland and in France, by Knox in Scotland, and by the English reformers in the father's land, and in later years, by Whitfield and Wesley, and, their devoted companions Livingston, a young minister was privileged to preach a sermon in the Church of Shotts, near Glasgow, under which, according to the testimony of John Brown, of Haddington, five hundred souls were converted Perhaps, since the days of the Apostles, no man ever preached with more power or more success than he did on that occasion. Listen to his own quaint words - "I never preached the sermon which I would be earnest to see again in way to but two the one was on and Monday after the readmission al Shotts, and the other on and Monday after the war in union at llalnuooil and both these times I had spent the whole night before in conference and pray or with some Christians, without any more than ordinary preparation, other eyes my gift was manner suited to simple common people, than to learned and judicious auditors " Again, he says - " I earnest faith and prayer, a single line at the glory of God and good of people, in sanctified heart and carriage, shall avail much for right preaching. there is sometimes somewhat in preaching that cannot be ascribed either to the matter of expression, and cannot be described what it is, or from whence it cometh, but with a sweet violence it pierces into the heart and affections, and comes immediately from the Lord. But if there be any way to attain to such a thing, it is by a heavenly disposi- tion of the speaker " President Edwards, a man of calm, clear, vigorous, dispassionate, and philosophic mind has left behind him a statement, entitled "The Narrative of a Work of Grace in the Town of Northampton, in New England " He had preached with fervour and faithfulness, and alone and also in company with some devoted Christiane, had prayed earnestly for the Divine blessing, and now mark the result He Buys " Presently upon this, a great and earnest concern about the great things of religion and the eternal world became universal in all parts of the town, and among persons of all degrees and all ages The noise amongst the dry bones waxed louder and louder, all other talk but about spiritual and eternal things was soon thrown by, all the conversation, in all companies and upon all occasions, was upon these things only, unless so much as was necessary for people carrying on their ordinary secular business. is ' "'there was scarcely a single person in the town, old or young, left unconcerned about the great things of the eternal world Those who were wont to be the vainest and longest, and those who had been most disposed to think and speak slightly of vital and experimental religion, were now generally subject to treat awakening. And the work of conversion was carried on in a most astonishing manner, and increased more and more; souls did as it were come by flocks to Jesus Christ * * "Those amongst us who had been formerly converted, were greatly enlivened, and renewed with fresh and extraordinary in- comes of the Spirit of God, though some much more than others, according to the measure of the gift of Christ Many who before had laboured under difficulties about their own state, had now their doubts removed by more satisfying experience, and more clear discoveries of God's love. "The work in this town, and some others about us, has been extraordinary on account of the universality of St, affecting all sorts, sober and vicious, high and low, rich and poor, wise and unwise it reached the most considerable families and persons, to all appearance, as much as others * 3 A loose careless person could scarcely be found in the whole neighbourhood and if there was any one that seemed to remain senseless or unconcerned, it would be spoken of as a strange thing " This work was not confined to that one place, but spread from town to town throughout New England, (The rev, gentleman then read a number of facts in connection with the various religious Revivals which had taken place in New York and other parts of the States; and also extracts from eye- witnesses as to the religious movements which had been witnessed in 1858 and 1859 In Ireland He also combated the opinion of those who treated Revivals with disfavour ] Are not the Acts of the Apostles rich with rev iv al records a Vi as there not a mighty revival of religion when John the Baptist preached in the wilderness of Judea, and when there went out to him Jerusalem, and all Judea, and all the region round about Jordan, and were baptized of him in Jordan, confessing their was' Was there not a mighty revival of religion when Elijah, in whose spirit and power John Baptist came, confronting the priests of Baal, ridiculed idolatry and proved the presence and power of Jehovah, while all the people fell around him and cried, " The Lord He is the God, the Lord He is the God t " Was there not a mighty revival of religion when Ezra gathered a great meeting in Jerusalem, when he confessed the sin of the people, weeping and casting himself down before the house of God, and when all the people, saturated by the great rain which fell, eat I trembling in the street and answered with a loud voice, " As thou hast said so must we do'" And going back further still, was I there not a mighty revival of religion in the fifteenth year of the reign of Abu, when he gathered all Judah and Benjamin, and the strangers with them out of Ephraim and Manasseh, and out of Simeon, and when they entered into a covenant to seek the Lord God of their fathers with all their hunt and all their wives, and swore unto the Lord and all Judah n voiced it the city, for they had sworn with all their heart and sought Him with their whole desire, and He was found of them and the Lord gave them rest mind about The Scriptures abound with exceeding great and precious causes in which God engages to shed forth spirits of influences a is to give the Holy Ghost to them that ask him, and all experience proves that He is the hearer and answerer of Prayer If our fleece is dry as that of Gideon, it is not that God arbitrary withholds the dew of Bruce' but that we restrain j myer before him Had we all the money and all the men we could desire, wear the machinery through which we seek to work the most nicely Is land and adjusted, we should labour in vain, and spend our strength amongst without the special presence and blessing of the Spirit of God I know we need more money and more men, but even with the money and the men we now have " How should one chase a thousand, and two put ten thousand to flight, except their Rock had sold them, and the word bad Bind them up 1" I am not vainly curious about the philosophy of prayer Many things which are at one reason art not contrary to reason, but in full harmony with the highest reason The Bible plainly teaches that God is accessible to man, and that he is pleased to be influenced by prayer Facts bear out and establish the truth of this teaching It is enough for me to know that God means what he says, and that it is His will that His people, who are beautifully designated the I ord's remembrances," should earnestly and continually pray before Him "we that are the I ord's re- membrancers, keep not silence, and give him no rest till be establish-, and till he make Jerusalem a praise in the earth " It is a matter of fact that God answers prayer, consequently no line of argument is needed to establish it, and no objections, even were the) much more cogent than any I have ever met with, can disprove that which is attested by those who, In all ages and countries, have tried the power of prayer. Many important facts in astronomy, and geology, and natural science have been proclaimed and believed after having been verified by the actual observation of not more than twenty men We do not ask such an easy faith Our witnesses may be counted by millions, and are scattered over wide realms and through long ages, and moreover there is no one who may not become an observer himself, if he will take the position cherish the spirit, and obey the directions which the Bible enjoys II prayer is useless because it cannot change the Divine purpose, then are all means to obtain an) end useless God's unchanging system Is Inclusive of the means as well as of the ends, of the ploughing and sowing as well as of the crop, of the rain and the sunshine as well as of the growth , of the asking as well as of the giving It is according to His pleasure and pi in that humble, faithful prayer should be heard accepted, and answered Prayer Is the forcmnncrol mercy When the prophet foretold the time of the end of the captivity he also predicted, ' Then shall ye call in on me, and ye shall go and pray unto me, and I will hearken unto you " Respecting the glory of the latter days It is written, the Lord will be inquired of by the house of Israel to do it for them The God of the Scriptures is the God of to day, as accessible now as ever, working as mightily, redeeming as gloriously Numerous instances of definite answers to prayer, such as those reported in the cases of Stirling, Franke, George Muller, and others, are continually brought to our knowledge God is still the living God, and can and does hear and help those who believe that He is, and that He is the rewarder of them that diligently seek Him He is the living God, and not merely the God of past history Our religion is not a mere tradition but a grace of God unto salvation, operative know God is able and willing to be to us what he was to the Church in the days of her primitive race 1 he connection between prayer and the revival of the power of religion is further attested by the lamented and beloved Rev Robert M Cheyne He says, speaking of the wonderful revival which began in Dundee during his absence in Asia -" As to the extent of this work of God, I believe it is impossible to speak decidedly The parish is situated in the suburbs of a city containing CO 000 inhabitants The work extended to individuals residing in all quarters of the town, and belonging to all ranks and denominations of the people Many hundreds, under deep con- cern for their souls, have come from first to last to converse with the ministers, so that I am deeply persuaded the number of those who have received saving benefit 15 greater than any one will know till the judgment day I have always tried to mark down the circumstances of each awakened soul that has applied to me, and the number of them, from first to last, has been very great During the sun mer of ISa'i, not fewer than from six to seven hundred came to converse with the minister about their souls, and there were many more, equally concerned, who never came forward in this way ' < I do not know of anything in the ministration of those who have t occupied my pulpit that may, with propriety, be called peculiar They are, I believe, in general, peculiarly given to march prayer, and they have also been accustomed to have much united prayer when together, and especially before and after engaging in public service " Brethren the facts of Church history, the experience of God's servants in all ages and climes, and the statements of God's Word prov c that a rev iv al can be had The only question that remains is Shall we have a rev iv as It is needed and it can be had shall we have ore ' Jlv a revival, as I have already said, I understand an increase of piety in the members, power in the services, and fruit in the late of the Church is not all this desirable We can have this Shall ne! God is not unwilling to grant this ice is waiting Before we call He will answer, and, while we are yet speaking, He will hear He is more ready to bear than we are to pray, and more willing to give than we are to receive Jhc difficulty is not with God. It is not because he is arbitrary or capricious Prove Illili and see if He will not open the n windows of ! Heaven and pour you out such a blessing that there will not be from enough to receive it. The difficulty does not lie in finding the means, but solely in the will to use them Prayer, which is made the substitute for labour, or the excuse for indolence, God will neither is it not answer W Casley, a prime agent in the great revival of the last century, of whom it is recorded that he made a point of raising (mentally, of course) in every waking ¡ horn throughout the day, worked as well as prayed | He rode, cor fl> on horseback, aOUO miles, and preached iOO serious every year, for nearly fifty years, arranged and governed the results of the Methodist societies, which numbered, before his death. 6,000 members, was appealed to In innumerable private concerns, kept up an immense and varied correspondence, contrived to read every noticeable book as it issued from the press, wrote or abridged 300 volumes, kept his Itereonal expenses below 2000 a year, and although he realised JLKI 000 by his writings, left nothing at his death, having given all away in the service of his M ister Busy as he was, he was never in a hurry, and always had a little time to spare for cheer for tonvcrsitlouwith his friends "Glvcmc,"i»i'l Wesley, a hundred men who have nothing but sin, fear none but God, and will know nothing among men save Jesus and him crucified, and I will turn the world upside down " Dear brethren, cannot we be such men ' Î he grace of God can make us such If we are to have a revival of religion, each one of us must begin with himself There are numbers who are ready to say that ministers ought to wake up and bestir themselves True enough, but I us to of a road made by the engineer From? W ib over a building gertcttdbv the architect alone ' Was ever a battle won by the officers alone Ministers and people must all wake up to gather wake up for prayer wake up for work wake up for sell denying generosity Worthy is the Lamb to receive praise," how much give it -it is cheap " W worthy is the Lamb to receive c riches " how few surrencleKtbeiii at his feet the individual must not be merged in the society It has been well remarked " L\ cry man has u'can do In Simla pos- ability of which nobody else has the key If we do not that thing, perhaps nobody else can do it at all, and certainly, nobody , else can do it at, well ' Let us give tears, toil, and treasure to the work of the Lord, let ever) convert become a couv creek, and then, though men should ridicule the pos ability of a mighty' revival of the work of the Lord in this land, and they, are not your expectations vain and your prospects dark t We will answer In the words of Ward, " Our hope is strong as the arm of God, and bright as his promises " Let our motto be, like that of the far-famed lighthouse, to give light and to save life," and let us keep the flame of piety over brilliant and pure, and yet in this new land of ours shall we behold an illustration of the words " the inhabitants of one city shall go 11 another saving, let us gospteoiiv topic) before the Lord, and to seek the Lord of Hosts, I will go also" The prophet said-" O lord, I have heard thy speech, and its all aid" Have we not heard of telling us that except a man be him again he cannot see the kingdom of God , telling us that without holiness no man can see the Lord , telling us that neither fornication, nor idolaters, nor adulterers, nor dominate, nor abusers of themselves with mankind, nor thieves, nor covetous, nor drunkards nor revisers, nor extortioners shall in- herit the kingdom of God Can we hear such speech as this from God and look round upon our city and land and remember the spiritual condition of our country and not he afraid ' "O Lord, I have heard Thy speech, and was afraid O Lord, revive thy work in the midst of the years, in the midst of the years make known in wrath remember mercy " " Wilt thou not re- vive us again, that thy people may rejoice in Thee' Shew us thy mercy), O Lord, and grant us lb) salvation I Dear Brethren, I thank you for the patience with which you have heard me No one can be more sensible than I am of the differences in this adders nor of my unworthiness to fill the responsible position in which you have placed me Permit me to ask, as the greatest possible favour you can grant, an interest in your prayers Dr Hook, the Dean of Chichester, in a recent discourse delivered in Gloucester Cathedral, uttered words which I am sure are worthy your consideration whatever you may think of the words which I have spoken He said - In our ministrations we are at best, but as the sunbeams which God employs to bear to earth Ills heat, or as the rams and dawe to carry his fertilising blessings It is in weakness, and fear, and much trembling that we must be among our people, never for bctlinj,-ncv cr, my dear brethren, forgetting that he who opens a gate for another to pass through may not pass through himself, viz, that he who has preached to others may himself be a cast- away * * The very object, the essence of our ministry, is to send men to Christ His when we regard ourselves as outward and visible instruments in the hands of the great God, through whom the conversion of sinners is ordinarily effected) God the Holy Ghost, that we become duly impressed with the solemn and I sacred character of the preacher's office, and get fully to realise that conversion is a work not of man, but of God, who sometimes converts the sinner's heart through the strong appeal of those who are animated In their address and powerful in their language, and at other times, through the grave remonstrance and earnest reasoning of those who are not quickly moved or easily roused Not by might of words, not by power of eloquence (though neither is to be despised), but by my Spirit, saith the Lord. May the Holy Spirit ever be present with the preachers themselves whispering to them, while they preach to others, of Musician, heal thyself " These words, Physician, heal thyself," In reference to all I have said, that may be adapted to others, I desire to remember, take home, and apply to my own heart by his providence and by his word God is speaking U us all Our globe has scarcely yet recovered from the frightful con- vulsion recently experienced We have trembled for fear of the Lord, and for the glory of his majesty when he ariseth to shake terribly the Garden Cities and towns have disappeared, and in a moment, in the twinkling of an eye, thousands of immortal beings have been burned from time into eternity. The gigantic wave which at a distance of seven thousand miles lifted on Its crest the stately vessels that just before were riding in safety and clothed them to destruction, as if they had been but the plaything of a child, made itself felt even in our harbour. Religiously, politically, physically the world is in a state of agitation and unrest It is high time to awake out of sleep, for now is our sale allow nearer than when we believed He who is mighty to destroy is also mighty to save. He hath promised saving, yet once more I shake not the earth only, but also heaven, and this word, yet once more, signifies the removing of those things that are shaken, as of things that are made, that those things which cannot be shaken may remain Wherefore we receiving a kingdom which cannot be moved, let us have grace whereby we may serve God acceptably with reverence and godly fear for our God is a consuming fire He can cause the sinners in Zion to be afraid, and fear fulness to surprise the hypocrites no can visit us with such a wave of his grace as shall make us rej dec with a joy that Is unspeakable and full of glory Here in the ends of the earth, He can privilege us to feel the reflex influence of those visitations of love and mercy with which other lands have been favoured Tea He can be fill us with his love that we shall be able triumphantly to exclaim God is our refuge and strength, a very present help in trouble Therefore will not we fear, though the earth to remove ed, and though the mountains he carried into the midst of the sea, though the waters thereof roar and be troubled, though the mountains shake with the swelling thereof There is a river the streams whereof shall 1 make glad the city of God, the holy place of the Tabernacle of the Most High God is in the midst of her she shall not be moved. God shall help her, and that right early Are any to whom I speak Boeptical respecting the possibility of a great and general revival of religion in New South Wales-a revival which shall not only move the ministers and deacons and members and frequenters of our own Churches but which shall reach and rousE the inhabitants of the land general yours any (Epical / Let them remember the fate of that lord on whose hand the King leaned and who sneeringly said to Elisha, behold, If the Lord would make windows in heaven might this thing be To whom the man of God replied, Behold thou shalt see it with thine eyes, baseball not eat thereof. "Beware, therefore, lest that come upon you, which is spoken of in the i prophets, Behold, ye dispensers, and wonder, and perish for I work a work in your days, a work which ye shall in no wise be here, though a man declare it unto you." Let us, dear brethren not be as the inhabitants, of that place of which it is recorded,! JcsuBdtd-not many mighty works there because of their unbe-! lief. ^ ' yet , ' " Our doubts are traitors, As a ¡ And make us lose the good we oft might win. It. II By fearing to attempt." N' S W, On the motion of the Rev. W. St.ATYF.it,'- sccoiiclèdhy The Rev. Mr. Wilson, table of thanks was unanimously passed to the Rev. Mr. Root for his very eloquent and valuable address. Wp.nxi:sr>AY. The General Assembly again met yesterday afternoon, in the Pitt-street Congregational Church. The Rev. S. C. Kent in the chair. TWIST CREEK. After singing, the reading of a portion of Scripture, and a Prayer, Mr. A. Garran, LLB., read a paper on "Trust deeds." After a considerable discussion had taken place with reference to the subject opened up by the paper, it was moved by the Rev. John Graham, seconded by the Rev. B. RobiNsON, and carried,-" That, having heard Mr. Garran's paper on Trust Deeds ' read, and the discussion thereon, it is resolved that the discussion of a model trust deed for our colonial churches be referred to the Committee of this Union, in order to report thereon at the next meeting of the Union, and afford aid in the formation of such trust deeds as busy in the interval he required." A vote of thanks was given to Mr. Garran for the paper which he had prepared and read. It was moved by Mr. J. Mullens, seconded by Mr. R. G. Reahino, and carried,-" That the Committee of the Union be authorised to carry out the recommendation, contained in the report for the collection and safe custody of the front deeds of our churches." CAMDEN COLLEGE:. The Rev. Rosary then read a paper on "The Claims of Camden College on the Congregational Churches of New South Wales." A discussion ensued upon the subject, which terminated in the passing of the following motion : " That it be a recommendation from this Union that the churches of our outer make an annual collection in support of Camden College and that the collection, as far as possible, be made before the 31st day of March in each year. On the motion of the Rev. W. Slatyer, seconded by the Rev. Mr. GREEN, 11 vote of thanks was passed to the Rev. T. Roseby for his paper. The Assembly then adjourned. (CONGREGATIONAL HOME MISSIONARY SOCIETY FOR NEW SOUTH WALES. A public meeting was held last evening, in the Pitt-street Church, in connection with the Congregational Home' Missionary Society for New South Wales. At the request of the Rev. John Graham, the president of the society, the chair was taken by the Chairman of the Union. Proceedings were commenced with praise and prayer. The Chairman said, that when last evening' he announced this meeting he did not expect that he would be called on to occupy the chair, which belonged to the president of the Home Missionary Society, but having been requested to preside, he did so with much pleasure It was not necessary that he should occupy their time, but he desired to direct attention to an alteration which had been made in the rules of the society. It was proposed some time ago to originate a new society. It was felt, however, that to have two societies for one field of labour in connection with Congregational churches in this land might possibly work mischief, and it had been arranged so to alter the rules of the existing society that the wishes of all were met. The rules altered were the 4th and 5th, and in future the committee, instead of being selected in public meeting, would be selected by the churches. Mr. Fairfax read the following report: "The committee of the Congregational Home Missionary Poddy for New South Wales have the privilege of presenting their eighteenth annual report. As representing the claims of the colony for evangelical and earnest work, and as contrasted with that accomplished In former years, their report will appear meagre and unsatisfactory. But It must be remembered that the formation of another society was contemplated a year ago. That movement has somewhat interfered with the progress of this the older Institution. But your committee are happy to be able to announce that a union of action has been brought about, and, by a n-iodlflca'ion of the rules, the choice of the committee, by each subscribing church, for some time past recommended, has been agreed to unanimously by<all the ministers, by the committee of the present society, and also by the committee of the Congrega- 1 tional Union. The rules- as thus revised will be duly brought before you by special resolution and to afford time for notion as li therein provided, your present committee will remain in office until January next. 1 1 " The friends of the society will presently hear the treasurer's j statement, by which it will be perceived that pecuniary help has been afforded by the Sustentation Fund to the churches at Bur- | tweed), North Shore, and Campbelltown. On the Gold Fields, Mr Buller has' been assisted. Your missionary there has laboured I with diligence, amidst many discouragements. The population I is sparse und shilling, and the occupations and pursuits of the ' inhabitants appear to be unfavourable, if not unfriendly, to the establishment of churches and the progress of the Gospel of' Christ. "In the early part of the year. Mr. Pepper, a Camden College student, and who, with his family, was sustained by the funds ' of this society for a period of four years, received a call from the '? Congregational Church at Newcastle, and he was, as by pistol- I ! jeal precedent and the custom of the Churches of our fault and > order, duly ordained by the laying on of the hands of the Presbytery. " During the year, the state of the funds allowed a grant to be made to Camden College of £25. : " There are applications from different parts of the colony for ministers. These wants cannot be attended to without greatly 1 enlarged funds. Several of our out-stations also require help. i " The committee are pleased to be able to report that Mr. V. H. J Brown, the senior student of Camden College, has received a call from the Congregational Church at Windsor, and that he enters J ? upon life labour with every prospect of success." { Mr Faiui'Ax. also read, in his capacity of treasurer, the financial statement, showing that the income of the society for the past year, including a balance of 338 8s. 9d. from the previous year, amounted to £188 8s. 7d. The expendí- ' ture during the same period had been £128, and there still , running to the credit or the society £151) 14s. 7d. The Rev. J. Graham moved that the report now read! be adopted, and that the present committee hold office' until the end of the year. In the course of his observa- ' I tions the rev. gentleman said that although things might . appear somewhat discouraging in connection with the society, he did not feel at all afraid either for this I society or in regard to Congregutionoli'nii. He thought that, on the whole, the principles and spirit of congrega- ' nationalism were making their way very much in the churches. Instead of keeping people in a state of spiritual infancy, requiring to have everything done for them, the importance was more widely recognised of infusing strength and teaching people to come forward and take their legal ' mute place in the Church of God. What they desired was, that every one should minister according to his ability that every member of the body should contribute its quota to the life and efficiency of the whole. Another distinctive A principle now spreading was the independence of individual churches. He thought he saw, too, that the principle, of the disconnection of the Church from the State was advancing. 1 It would not be unreasonable, perhaps, to hope that they might live to see the disestablishment of the Irish Church", j and, ultimately, the total severance of the Church from the State throughout the entire British Empire. (Cheers.) Although Congregationalists had no humanly-composed creed, he believed there was no section of the Christian' Church more at peace in regard to doctrine, or having more' evangelicalscundnessonduniformitvof faith. Inconoliision, the rev. gentleman commented on the address delivered by the Chairman of the Union on the previous day, as containing matter for most serious reflection and prayerful regard.' The Rev. Mr. Pr.i'J'1'.it (from Newcastle) seconded the motion. He explained the circumstances in which his church was placed, and spoke hopefully of its work in relation to Newcastle and the surrounding districts. The resolution was put and carried. The Rev. Mr. Wilson moved the adoption of a series of rules to be in future the rules of the Congregational Home! Missionary Society for New South Wales. He spoke at' considerable length in regard to the work of the Church, in the Shoalhaven district, and particularly of his own' labours in Gerringong, Broughton Creek, Nowra, and other localities. In most of the places where he had preached statedly, Sunday- schools had been gathered, and in a variety of ways the good seed of the Gospel had been scattered broad. Still there were places in the Wingecarribee and Kangaroo Ground districts where at present the Gospel was not preached, and it behoved all who desired to carry on home missionary work in connection with the Congre- j gational Church to support this society. The Rev. R. Hills seconded the motion. He hoped the operation or value of the society would not be judged of by its income during the past year. The church in which he defended at West Maitland) like most of the Congregational churches in the colony, owed its existence to the operations of this society. Whatever cook had been effected by the various churches must be attributed to the social y, because but for it they could not have had their existence. From what had been said that evening, he thought there was everything to con mend the society to every member of our church who he hoped would not only assist it by their contributions, but also by their prayers. The motion was then put to the meeting, and carried. The Rev. Mr. Gnr.r.N moved,-" That this meeting, remembering that righteousness exalteth a nation,' and that only in righteousness: can a national character he health- fully based, recognises the special importance, at this stage I spell it. . . advancing wants of the native-born and immigrant population." From the results of his own labours in connection with the Campbelltown Church, and the district surround- ing Campbelltown, he was able to bear testimony to the great desire of the people in the country districts to have religious services, and opportunities afforded them for regularly hearing the word of God preached. The Rev. Thomas Gaini'uuu seconded the motion, and 1 expressed his desire to see the members of the churches more actively engaged in Christian work, and in endeavour- ing to extend the blessings of religion to people in districts where clergymen were seldom or never seen. The doxology was then sung, after which the chairman pronounced the benediction, and the meeting closed. Navigation of the EmvAiiD Fire-A person of considerable influence in Henilimin (says the littoral him) called onus on Thursday, and asked what we did not go in for navigating the Edward River, which would now float a sloop of war Looking on its broad stream, the idea of locking it at its entry from the Murray below 1 ocumw al, and locking it where it empties itself into that river below Moulamein, would cost about £25,000 The Edward could be easily locked, and made way table all the year round The water could be used for irrigation All these could be done at a moderate outlay, and we should save about £7000 a car in stands alone betw i on Denili- quin and Lehman, 