THE METROPOLIS. Adelaide, January 31. The tocsin tins sounded at the HotelEurope, and the dry iones of Messrs Reynolds and Santo have got a considerable rattle. On Friday night our first election meeting was held in the scity, under the most favorable auspices—Messrs John Clark and Northmore leading tiie opposition. The proverb that there is nothing new under the sun seems to apply even to colonial politics. Out of the j vast storehouse of its driginalty the Industrial { League has been able to produce nothing fresh, and does not even promise anything for the elections. On Friday night we had only a repetition of all the stale stuff about broken pledges, nicknames, immigration, ad valorem duties, and Sutherland's Act. Were we going to fight the elections of 1865 over again, this would be all Tight. Mr Northmore might reprint bis manifesto, signed Granny/ in praise of ad valorem duties; and Mr Clark might retransform himself into a " qualified Freetrader." But slicking to the old land marks, and. following worn out tracks, is as bad as giving up the ghost pro forma. The echoes of the Political Association will go down no longer. Even the Industrial League is regarded as if, having got decently dead and buried, it ought to lie still. East'Adelaide must have its political grog mixed in some new fashion, say with a-squeeze of land reform in it, or a few grains of shrivelled wheat. I have heard that a new prescription is being drawn "up at the Hotel Europe for election use. The electoral roll has been overhauled.,, and the protectionists have counted their chickens preparatory-to hatching them; may they be more fortunate than Mrs Glass when she adopted that inverted process of taking stock. They have so far recovered their senses, as to admit that their only chance is in East Adelaide. Notwithstanding the vigorous propaganda of Mr Skeltou in the North, and the mellifluous stream of wisdom which Mr Mullet poared over the benighted minds of the provincials, the agricultural districts are not considered ripe yet. The protectionist stake is to be cast holus bolus on East Adelaide, and hence the preliminary demonstration a* the Hotel Europe. It was a rowdy meeting, of course; and a special vote of thanks should have been passed to the tbermomefer for any little order that was maintained. The evening was one of the closest we have had this summer, and the lower grades of democracy seem to share the negro peculiarity of smelling most rank in warm weather. Verily, between liquid streams of x§it pouring down democratic cheeks, and .atm&spheric; streams of tioise pouring out of democratic mouths, it was exciting work. But the fervor of the bearers was nothing to that of the speakers. All the colony is aware-that John Clark can be vigorous when he likes, and on this occasion there could be no doubt about bis liking. He had more than one old score to clear off with Mr Reynolds, and though individually they were small scores, collectively they had a great effect. The " political tailor of King William-Street," who figured some months ago at a certain dinner at. Smithfield, was returned with interest. This brought down on Mr Clark the j "qualified Freetrader" of the Burra in 1861. j Fresh explanations and recriminations, retorts courteous and retorts crushing, until, as a matter of course, the direct lie was given and exchanged. It always ends so, the only difference between the two sides being that Reynolds insinuates and Clark declaims it. The charges, such as they were, had reference to Mr Reynolds' failure to get the ad valorem duties abolished; his taking office in the present ministry after he had called Ayers a traitor, Glyde a sweep, and Andrews a political Merry Andrew; his refusal to appropriate the Immigration Fund surplus last Session; and his shirking of the Land question. This charge, which was most feebly supported, was the most damaging of all, and the most damaging as regards the future. But, as an Adelaide paper has said, the whole affair was mere political pugilism. After two rounds or so the vote of the enlightened spectators wks taken on the result. It was a very exciting division. The Industrial Leaguers had packed the room, and were unquestionably in a majority, yet by a -little engineering, on the part of Mr Reynolds' friends, two hands were made to look like three. The Chairman was nonplussed. First he tried it from his ordinary position on the platform, and thought it looked like a drawn game; then he mounted his chair, and discovered that Mr Clark had a very slight majority. The Reynoldsites howled and raised a.iry of " Take sides." This move had some incidental advantages, including an improve' ment in the ventilation of the xoom. M For the motion; to the left," and a phalanx of Leaguers form along one side of the room, four or five deep. "For the Amendment to the right," and the Reynolds squad drew up opposite their rivals; non-electors taking a neutral position in the middle. Clark, as teller for the League, and Benford, as .teller for the Reynoldsites, challenged votes xight and! left, till it became doubtful if anybody bada^ote, or-eveo if East A.delaide had not! been disfranchised altogether. X^e Chaiwnan ' first measured them in the lump, and by cjiht of bulging the right hand squad ictade itself look-as big as the ether. Then he professed: to count them, but it was all bunkuoi. > The * League had it, and the. easiest. let down be could give Mr-Iieynoldswas • to annouuee 41 a small majority^ against him. But the result is not accepted as having the sligjat^stsignificance, unless of an inverse kind. Both JieynoldsandSantodeclarethattheyfeeltbemselves firmer than ever in their seats. The drawback to the prospects of the L.eague is the scarcity of eligible candidates willing to profess'tbeir oreed. It is evident that none of the original leaders would have the slightest chance^. Vfn truth, tbe reorganisatioa is said to be intended* as much-to. exclude some of them as to adopt new principles. Old Mildred is such -aa unlucky politician that, he-would d-arnuChristianity itself • were he set., up for-an apostle. As for Joseph Skelton though his. talkof a ruined shirt trade be suggestive ofPotiphar's wife, he shows very little other resemblance to hid prudent Egyptian namesake. -It was a great historical mistake in his godfather not to call him Ishmael. Anyhow, he has left the plough like Ginncinnatus, and is understood to be disposed for a round of statesmanship. He would willingly place himself at the service of the League, if -the League is so infatuated as to have him. If -it wiu not, . its choice would liebetweeen Clark and Northmore, neither of whom has as yet made any 8ign. Should they be irntnoveableit must incur the ridicule of ha ving to seek for a general outside the camp. But this might by philosophical minds be deemed an ultimate advantage, as when defeat comes an outside general might be a very ^convenient -scape goat. Mr Boucaut was at one time men-, tioned as an eligible party for this hybrid situation. Towards the close of last Session he gave ground enough for such a tumour by the strong.tendency be showed to figure as a modern Gracetius. But he has thought better \ of it since, and now intends to , fight West Adelaide again in company with Puller. The •pale ale candidate.for that beery constituency • has transferred his addresses to WestTorrens, rather cruel ailing at pur temperance friend Mr Pickeriug. Soda Water Sammy is to stand by his old friends in Light Square, and if he does not prove the right man in the right place on election day, he, or.rather his soda water* is sure to be in demand the day after. * There -are always fresh rumors being floated amongst the country constituents, but none of them have taken any definite shape as yet. Requisitions are being got up everywhere, and to everybody; but very few candidates have ' made their final choice. Some old members have got> strong Hints that their services will not be wanted again. The Light, wtuchtwrce rejectedarespectafehr lawyer,' for * a talking potato like John " Jiounsevell, has repented itself betimes, and^ commended JEtounsevell to the road again. And wisely, too, for the Cornisbman's vigorous eloquence is wasted when it 'does not fall on *.he sjsmpathetic ear of a bullock driver or unbroken colts at a pound a leg. The cherubic countenance of Mr .Coglin is also in danger tof being eclipsed by this same ill-humored Light. It must be an unreasonable constituency which no principle will satisfy, however often you may change it. In the Barossa they are beating up a perfect covey of small game, with one or two likely birds among them. As a matter of course Mr J. H. Angas will have one seat if he chooses to ask for. it, but the r squatters generally seem to think that they have got enough out of Parliament for the present. Almost all of them have retired into private life,—eager, doubtless, to turn to account past concessions and to prepare ' for another batch in due time. They would be wiser,- as well as more patriotic, Ithink, -to stand by the helm in a time like this.. Encounter Bay seems" to have -settled, its ticket amicably—Everard and JSTevilleBlythe. I have heard of no others during the Week,; except a half ticket for Mount Barker*-— namely, Dunn.. Arthur, the Hotund, has been eating his valedictory dinner at Oume- , racha, and oozing all over with .good advice Now, that he is safely out of the -wood himself he has begun to halloo about the : Land question, Immigration, and some other interesting remnants ,of last Session. The • . dying speeches of statesmen often seem to possess a touch of true death-bed inspiration in them; we no longer see things through, a glass darkly, but the greatest difficulty becomes simple and transparent. Such deathbed virttie makes one regret that the invalid cannot be restored to health again for a few months, in order to test his. new-inspiration. ^ in practise. How provoting it is in ~t his case that Arthur^ who has never been known, to *, do an original or an 6\it-of-tbe- waY thing in his life, should bftye « made to him, and then called%>• England before be can do* Inore ^anj^form us of the fact. > Joe Smith and'h|s ^Oi*nion bible were not half so 1 because they referred to an indefinite * whereas Arthur's revelation s applicability. "It great. / national periiaps, or tbefaUof& that we are thus severely chastened. 3j0t"lr Arthur! Arthur! the pnnishipentia mor» than w&can; bear.; ~ : .»• - y- ^ 1 'x.. 