DESTRUCTION OF HER MAJESTSTS] THEATRE. ? W To { V ' {raok TaE HOira sr£wa.Y ^On tbenXghtpf Jtbratre in LondoawentthB tresi ^iid wta bamt to 4jfe thai t<ro hbur8. ' fchV; mall also suffered most severely, the houses on tlie Ilaymarket side being almost com pletely destroyed. The lire was first observed at about a quarter to .eleven o'clock, and shortly after the first alarm all the neighbourhood knew it far and near, for the theatre was one gigantic mass of llame in a few minutes. Anything like attempts to save property that is to say, the properties in the theatre was out of the question, for the interior glowed like a furnace, and the flames, dart jug through the slight roof, created a draught which' instantly made all hope of saving either the building or anything in it totally impossible. The fire caused its own alarm, ana large drafts of metropolitan police from Scotlana-yard were instantly detached, under the command of Mr. Superintendent Walker and Mr. Kettel. They, however, could do little more than keep the enormous crowds that at once collected out of danwr. Detachments of the Foot Guards, both from the Wellington barracks and the barracks at . the back of the National Gallery, came up almost simultaneously with the police. At least half of the troops were in full marching uniform, the rest in undress liannel jackets, just as they had been turned out of bed. W'ith the assistance of this force, the streets leading to the theatre were kept clear, and the fire mains all rouud Regent-street, Hay market, and Pall-mall turned fully on. The supply of water seemed ample, and fire engine after fire-engine as they came rapidly Tip were, under the directions of Captain ?Shaw, at once got into the best positions for checking the spread of the flames-for all hope of extinguishing them at their source was hopeless. - The glare at this time was seen all over the metropolis, and tens of thousands , flocked from all points towards thy greatcen tre of the disaster, while cabs, carriages, and even waggons blocked the thoroughfares which, led to it. In a short time the steaua fire:cngines were in full work, and as fast as the now, it , is to be hyped, obsolete hand-engines arrived they, too, were set to work. The steam engines threw volumes of water, with .tre mendous force, and where their jets fell they seemed to explode in. clouds of steam. Not so with the hand-engines, which required some thirty soldiers to work'them, and the feeble dribble from which was easily directed and governed by one man. The exertions of the firemen were beyond all praise. They climbed along parapets and copings, at heights which made one cold'to look at them, drag ging with them great lengths of leather hose with which to play upon the llames at any point that seemed of consequence, no matter, what the risk to the men thercselves. In spite of llame and smoke, and a terrific storm of burning fragments, they kept their places on the roof, their comrades below turning now and then jets of water upon and around the men, to keep the spots cool on which they stood. The scene was one of terrible grandeur. The roof of the theatre fell amid a shower of sparks and burning fragments, leaving a gigantic mass of white tlame in the centre, the very heat of which alone was charring up and burning building after building around it. All the steam fire-engines were at full work, and the monotonous thud, thud of those ?worked by hand were the only sounds which broke upon the hoarse roaring of the crowd and the heavy flap of the great sheets of flame which seemed to jeopardise the exist ence of every building near the place. Over the front of the clubs in Pall-mall the burn ing fragments fell thick as hail; indeed, it was impossible at times to pass along this thoroughfare without danger of being severely burnt. The chiefs of the police and the fire men working among these: the shouts and cries of the men on the roof of the building itself and colonnade giving directions, amid the glaring uproar beneath, where to place the engines; the effo^te of the soldiers to keep the great moving mass of people back, all Tnade np a scene as exciting and as grand in its terrors as the great fire some years ago at Cotton's Wharf. The theatre was the main source of the whole fire. As is always the case with the atres, it burnt like a tar-barrel, but, as usual, left a mass of flaine and heat which worked quickly and surely through into the sur rounding buildings. House after house -around it was gutted, in spite of all the efforts ?of the firemen. The flames, however, were well within control, and the engines were Principally used to keep the walls of the main \- building cool, for in many places they Were bulging ominously. Still, from this work they had every now and then to be diverted, -as fresh flames appeared in the houses around. It has always been said that Her Majesty's Theatre was so provided with large wate A tanks on the roof, that anything like danger to the building from fire was impossible. "What these tanks were doing it is impossible to say: but one, at least, when the flames reached jit burnt with a fierce flame like so much .straw. That tbere could have been any water in it is impossible. Of the theatre itself-one of the finest in the world-nothing 'remains but the bare, .roofless walls, and immense masses of charred .materials in indescribable confusion, cover ing the whole space ,on which the building stood. All the costly properties, all the ward xobes of the establishment have perished, as Itave also the instruments of the orchestra, the \- <grand pianos,, and a musical library of incal culable value, which had taken years to col < lect ? Madame Titiens alone has lost jewellery Worth-from £1,000 to £1,200,-in addition to: fell her magnificent stage dresses.' ftJhe grand organ, which cost , nearly £800, and <aU the j stage sceneiy and decorations, 'painted for < the mostpartby Telbin, Grieve, andCalcott, .' '-imre toeen destroyed ; and the whole fabric; Krithall its surroundings, is in ruins. By an . ?odd-dirouiBStaiice, the. only thing which has ; «urvfved~the general wreck is the dress in i >wblcb- . the:ghost in " DohGiovanni" was \- ^^ooit to 'he played. ? The actual andprospec ' -toiMr.' -Mapleson, the lessee, is 6sti £12,000; and the' disaster, as it j«Bct«ihim.> ie ereatJy axcravated hv the '-1 w -h^wng ibeen insured 'to the nt>of*«iAglefihilling. He wasabout \--mneuranoo, hut it had not teea »t>tacge dtttj ehargfeable npoi "'§» isonderetood to have 1'bim. In the couvse of \- " " irMajesty, through , b a message to him} ^nup^^ahd regrdt ; mi a rian expression of hope that u-loeton the occasion, was jpfUtyal Highnesa the Prince ? i. '^ldthe lease of the On the distinction of the. Pantheon, how ever, by fire in the following year its licence was transferred to the opera in the Hay liinrket. The architect was Michael Novo sielski, and it was originally called the King's Theatre, but upon the accession of Queen Victoria it assumed the name by which it has ever since been known. It was the largest in England, except the new Italian Opera, its internal dimensions beingsaid to be within a few feet of those of La Scala, Milan. From tlie curtain to the back of the boxes it i was upwards of 100ft. long and 56ft. high ; the width at the curtain was 40ft., and that of the pit 65ft. The stage measured 60ft. from the orchestra to the back wall, and SOft. between the side walls. The building was of brick, covered with Roman cement, the entablature being of Bath stone, and the surrounding columns of cast-iron coloured to represent stone, and 17ft. in height. The east, or principle, front was 283ft. in length, and 03ft. high. In 1790 the interior of the building was partly remodelled by Mariuari, sccne-painter at Drury-lane. Much of the property immediately sur rounding the theatre has been more or less injured, and some of it completely destroyed. The greatest sufferer of all is Mr. Graves, the engraver and printseller in Pall-mall. Be hind his front shop were four spacious picture galleries on the ground floor, communicating with one another, and lighted cliielly from the roof. These were stored with a rare collec tion of ancient and modern works of art, collected during a period of forty years, the greater part of which, along with the gal leries containing them, have been en tirely destroyed. Many of the pictures in Air. Graves' private house, which is over his shop, were hastily removed, with others, during the lire, to the United Service Club, immediately opposite. The backs of the houses iu Waterloo-place were all more or less damaged, but to nothing like the extent of the premises of Mr. Graves. So intense was the heat- from the burning' building that it cracked the thick plate-glass in the windows of the Athenaeum and United Service Clubs and of other houses on the further side of Pall-mall and of Watedoo place. As to the origin of the fire little or nothing has been discovered, but the opinion is that it broke out first about some part of the stage. Subscriptions are being collected for the lelief of the employes who have suffered most from the catastrophe. No circumstance of modern days has cast such a gloom on the lovers of music as the destruction of this magnificent theatre. Only the night before the lire the grand musical drama of " Don Giovanni" had been given, when the Donna Anna of Mdlle. Titiens, the Zerlina of Mdlle. Kellogg, and the Don Giovanni of Mr. Santley served to assure us that modern artistes are quite capable of pre senting in an adequate manner one of the finest manifestations of the most gifted musician of any time, tbp immortal Mozart. We remember the theatre when the original representative of the amorous don, Signor Ambroggetti, first delighted the town with his richly-cultivated voice and refinement of method. No one since his time has approached his perfectly-finished conception of so tire some a character to portray save one, the brilliant-voiced Tamburini, who was the col league of artistes of great worth and renown. Naidi (one of the best of Leporellos), Fodor, Camporese, Curioni, Velluti, Roozi de Begnis, Bcgrez, Malibran, Vestris, Donzelli, Zuchelli, Sontag, Rubini, Lablache, and the great lyric tragedienne Pasta, form only a part of the long list of matchess singers who have found an approving public to reward their talents. So short and yet so long a time has elapsed since the production of *'I Puritani," brought into more prominent notice Madame Grisi, whose beauty, voice, and high dramatic instincts won for the opera a run of unprece dented length. Here she reigned supreme, the only Norma, Lucrezia Borgia, and Semiramis of many and many a season. Here Rossini once directed in person one of the tuneful operas for which he has acquired his great reputation. Here Sontag and Malibran divided the applause of all the cognoscenti who flocked in numbers to listen to the two rival queens of song. Persiani, in later times, came here, and gave increased importance to Bellini's .lovely Sonnambula. . Few can re member, but those who do will never forget, the lyric impersonations of Pasta, who by her marvellous power and con summate genius, overcame all the defects which nature seemed to have placed in her for the purpose of being overcome. In this area Lablache and Ronconi taught Londoners how to value the true Italian humour which is known to 60 few artists even of the Italian school. The triumphs of Jeiiny Lind made the old theatre jubilant with die approving voices of audiences which crowded every part of the vast building. Leaving our vocal memories of chis great East, we may look back on a long series of allets produced with the greatest care and attention to the minutest details. In them the very goddess of dancing, Taglioni, held the highest rank, whilst the sisters Elssler, Cerito, Carlotta Grisi, Lucilfe Grabn, and a host of other cele brities, charmed the lovers of grace and agility by the elegance of their movements. And the audience! Can we fail to regard their remembrance without regret that, so few are left of the old times departed? The omnibus box, with the Duke pf Beaufort, Sir George Wombwell, Lord Altiariley, Lords Frederick and Adolphus JFitzcl&renoe;, Sir Lumley Skeffington, and the js wells of their time as its constant occupants. The .agree able coterie round the pr^tly Countess ojf Blessingtori and the elegant Count D'Orsay, All gone with the fine theatre,: now a! mass of ruins:! . . ; ... i .i ? 