HONEYMOONS. " Well, sir, I am glad it has come out what you married mo for. It is charming to the bride of a month to find herself despised by her husband because she did not brine him a mine of sold — : truly it is 1" " It is not for want of the ' mine of gold,' Mrs Maybury, but I protest against being so deceived I bate deception — you know it." " Who deceived you, pray ? Not I, for the idea that you wero merely seeking a fortune never entered my mind, nor would I have believed it, had any one told me so. If you chose to imagine that because my sister was an heiress, I was one also ; arid because she endowed a poor man with riches, I should do the same by you — you deceived yourself. An aunt of ours adopted Adelia when wo were left orphans, and dying two years ago, bequeathed her the whole of her fortune. It wa9 my lot to become the ward of one in humble cir cumstances, who used such resources as there wero to give me a complete education, which was the only fortune I ever had to anticipate. I thought till now that that was something — but, of course, it is nothing ! — Arthur Maybury, tbe high-minded, makes this decision." " You are like all the rest of your.sex from the beginning," said Mr Maybury; "I have no more to say." Nevertheless, he did soy more, and his speech waxed none the less bitter and accusatory, while his wife, Annie, retorted in turn in the same spirit she had already displayed. Strange words, and more strange tones were yet to he exchanged between the young bridegroom nod bride. The seene had opened with Arthur's coming into the little parlour and sitting down in the twilight, and Annie beside hi », saying rejoicingly, " At last wo are to have an evening by ourselves, I hope," to which lie responded," " at last, I hope." It ended, however, with his seizing his lint with a world of will, and shutting the street- door emphatically behind hiiii. Mrs Maybury was alone, leaning an arm on the centre table beneath the yet unlighted chan delier. The flash faded on her cheek faster than it had from the autumn sunset sky ; the light of soul passed rapidly into mignight. Her frame quivered and shook with the tempest of emotion within, whose forked lightnings pierced her brain. Thus she sat long, yet no tears relieved the aching of tho surcharged eyes, nor moistened the lashes with the rigidly clasped fingers before them. Two wretched days went by, and Arthur May bury and his wife had, not looked in each other's face, nor spoken together save in the briefest and coldest manner. To spirits like theirs a quarrel was all that the word implies — both regretted it bitterly, very bitterly, yet so far both wore too proud to begin concessions. Annie thought and knew herself injured ; and dwelling on this side mostly overlooked the sarcastic and offensive language she had uttered — a thing her husband did not. lie felt abased and peculiarly vexed at having exposed to himself and her that money could influence him in the choice of a wife. It would never have happened, had she proved rich, as he and others expected, i Once, about the time of his marriage, when a friend spoke rallying to him of his having drawn a golden prize,' he replied that Annie Clyde without a penny would be the samo to him as Annie Clydo with n million ; and lie would have been much hurt had the other seemed to discredit tho assertion. Till pressed hard by circumstances, he had continued in the happy delusion ; but his finances wero now in a state seldom known to soothe a man's mind, or improve his tempe. He had finished the study of medicine only n very short time, and his patients were yet to full sick when ho first met Miss Clyde. Within three months he proposed, was accepted, and the marriage took place. The son of a poor man, Arthur had of necessity contracted debts in his course, which lie trusted to success iu his pro fession for discharging. He was presented to Miss Clyde at the house of her sister, who was recently married, nnd camo to reside in his native town. His eyns beheld in her a marvel of beauty and accomplish ments. Her many engaging qualities were the admiration of the acquaintances she made. " And then,'' some one would not unfrequently be heard to remark, " there is the fortune ;" for somehow the unquestioned supposition was that Adelia inherited her money from her father, and that the sisters had shared equally in his estate. After a brilliant wedding, Arthur and his bride set off on a tour, which was condensed into three weeks, at the end of which time they returned to their own house, now ready for occupation on their arrival. It was a house of elegance, suited to their taste, if not to their means. Then immediately 'followed a great party — and now, as ever, the cost of all these indulgences had to be met. It is but just to Arthur to say that the orders he had given, and his lavish expenditure, were all for the sake of his bride, and a9 being appropriate to her imaginary position ; and all were enjoyed by Annie with the inconsiilerateness to be expected of her years and situation. For a time it had appeared a beautifnl delicacy on the part of Mrs Maybury, considering the con trast of her husband's poverty, that she refrained from any reference to her fortune ; but after that his sentiments on the subject vuried, and he became secretly anxious to know where an amount of tho readiest money was accessible. Those ghosts of dead pleasures, debts, were narrowing their circle around him. They could not be laid except by a chinking sound in bank vaults, and a substance, which looked like the consolidation of sunshine, having passage from hand to hand. More intimation touching the state of affairs sufficed not at all, for the reason that they were not understood ; so, shortly, Arthur wii9 fain to apply to his wife in distinct terms lor permission to use the resources which were theirs jointly now, he supposed. The surprise and chagrin awaiting both, when it came to this, need no description beyond| wiiat is included iu the mutual recrimina tions with wiiich tlie-interview closed. The two days that followed, Arthur kept him self from home as much as possible, on visits to real and imaginary patients, while Annie shut herself in, and through the servants shut every one else out. The house and everything it con tained was the bitterest mockery to the eight of the young and so lately happy master aud mis tress. Time enough there had been for passion to subside, and reason to exercise her vocation, Mr aud Mrs Maybury sat at their table once more, and alone. She had come from her chamber partly at tbe suggestion of pride, afraid that an indisposition, which demanded les3 than usual at tention from her husband, might not serve her as a plea more permanently, and prevent scandal among the servants. But beyoud this, tbe unforgiving spirit had passed from her bosom, and a tender longing for reconciliation taken its place, Her husband traced it in the tremulous hand that gave him his cup of tea, and in the meeker expression of her downcast eyes, when lie ventured to look in them. He traced it with pity and remorse, for the fond ness in his heart was waking from its terrible trance, and that moment the cry of his soul was for the impossible boon of liviDg over again the last two days. In some natural way, the fact was at length rumoured abroad that his wife was portionless ; and one had that evening, without much stress of delicacy, appealed to him for either confirma tion or denial. lie had replied with haughty evasion, aud springing to his brougham,- driven homeward. " Portionless ! nnd if 90, is she the worse for it ?" was the question that had risen to iiis lips before his inquisitor ; but he turned it upon himself, and the sequence was that riches and virtue appeared in their true relative value. Arthur attempted some conversation on inci dents of the day, and Annie seconded his efforts as well ns she was able. As soon as the tea tilings were removed, nnd the room more secure against intruders, thpy put off restraint with unanimity, and amid weeping and retractations, sought to revive the withered wreath of wedded uff.-ction. But, alas, for human pride and passion, alas, alas, for them 1 Arthur Maybury and his wife destined themselves to suffer the unmitigated penalty of departing from the vows so recently spoken at the altar. Demons might have gl-inted in triumph over that scene, begun with promise, but relapsing into only elements of discord. The estrangement between the pair was wider than on tho evening when their honeymoon had so sud denly set in gloom ; and thereafter it seemed as though, seek as they would, no time of repent ance could "be found by them. Weeks lingered away, and the sweets ijf love in that dwelling had turned to wormwood and gall. Annie had gone with her griefs to her sister, nnd Adelia and her husband had, in their indignation against Arthur, mistaken their advice to his wife. It was wind for oil to the troublud waters, caustic for balm to the open wound. And their prescriptions were but too faithfully followed. Arthur likewise had had advisers, who chocked his better impulses, and (wise ami generous souls !) furnished him a separate mag nifying glass through which to criticise every one of Annie's faults. The establishment it was not possible to main tain, nor was there longer occasion — its unhappy mistress having at length taken formql leave and returned to a home at her sister's. So the domestics were discharged — tho upholsterer reclaimed his effects, for want of a prospect of any thing better; and auctioneer's bills wire posted on either side of tho door which had opened so hopefully to the truiu of guests at the bridal party. One day, a petition for divorce, Arthur Maybury v. Annie Maybury, was filed according to law ; the case came duly,before the court ami the uncontested petition ' was granted. What God had joined together, man had lightly put asunder. Had death so soon parted the young and gifted couple, how loud a lamentation would it have created ! The judge did it, ami society saved its sympathy, regarding it as all very comfortable — the most agreeable thing uudcr tlie circumstances. Annie Clyde — for her brother-in-law, with a kind of congratulating smile, addressed her by that name the very moment he could hnrry home after the decision — passed one night of misery so intense, that next morning she almost expected to see in her mirror her hair turned gray. It seemed as though her very sight might have wnslied away, in the torrent of tears she had shed over her disappointment, her desolation. Then carefully locking her sensibilities from other eyes, stie may have appeared happier lor release from the ties which had so briefly bound her. Herself and Arthur could not always avoid meeting as months went by. One evening, at an entertainment which she attended along with her sister and her husband, Annie found herself suddenly thrilled by the tones of a voice she once had not dreamed could ever he less than music to her ears. She had not known of Mr Maybury's presence sooner; but determined on preserving not merely an external composure, but an im penetrable indifference also, she continued where she was, admiring a flowering moss-rose from the conservatory, which had brought her to the spot. Arthur was attempting to sustain himself in a bantering conversation respecting the style of wearing the beanl. Iiis cnullenger was a school- day acquaintance, albeit never esteemed a prize in that way, who, having beeiyt abroad for some years, only re-entering port that day, was not familiar with Arthur's history during the interval. " 'Pon honour now, my dear fellow," said the traveller, affecting a Parisian swell, " thi3 dis guising yourself from an old friend with a mask of hair, is what I cull — ah — objectionable, very — quite ungenerous. Besides, I do assure you, you are out of tli.o mode." Arthur was looking away, not appearing to share any deep feeling on the subject, aud the other went. on. " The imperial," said lie, caressing his own with his ring- finger, " i3 decidedly all the go in all the — all — principal — I may say, fashionable cities. Tho Marchioness d'Avona (fascinating creature !) declared in my presence — speaking of another indi ridnal, you know — that a gentb-man was unfinished without an imperial. Noil finit — those were her word9. Why, .faith ! to wear the entire beard is awfully hideous. I can invent no excuse for you, my dear Maybury, except it he that in your profession you are afraid to trust yourself among the fair ones without this muzzle — ha, ha, ha, ha !" " Do you know," said Arthur, answering him according to his folly, " the way in which all the various styles of mutilated beard came into vogue ?" " 'Pon my honour, no. TTnw ?" " Another' Beau Brummel," said Arthur, "of a date when the beard was universally worn ns nature designed it, conceived the project of as tounding the nation by appearing shaven. He repaired to a barber's accordingly; but the latter, knowing his man, before his task, was fully completed laid down the razor and demanded his fee. Tho fashionable had not a sous in his pocket, having parted with the last for a glass of brandy as ho came to tho shop. Ho promised, but promises wero not current there ; lie raved, he implored, but the operator was inexorable. No pay, no more work. Mad with the humiliation it involved, the acknowledged leader of the ion went forth barefaced, save a patcli on his lower lip. What then ? Why the whole retinue of apes ap6d him, aud he soon found that short funds had helped him to make the hit of a lifetime. Now, to me, half shaving is always more suggestive of stringency in small coin, than of making one's self agreeable to the gentler sex ; and I confess that my finances uiuBt be improved before I shall think of changing my present hideous custom." " Ab, truly," the exquisite rejoined, " I per ceive how it is. l"ou do not believe in the — ab — predilection which the ladies have for the imperial. Come now, let us refer the case. Hera is Miss Clyde — a beautiful creature I" lie whis pered in Arthur's ear; " perfectly beautiful, I obtained an introduction tho first moment," (ha might have added that she openly rid herself of him the moment after). " She Bhall be our — ah — umpire. You have heard our discussion, Miss Clyde ; pray put me under the exceeding obligation of hearing your opiuion respecting imperials." As lie spoke, with his arm through that of Arthur, lie wheeled the latter by a movement which brought him face to face with Annie. " I think, air, tho imperial may be peculiarly suited to your style of beauty," the lady replied, witli a smile and air so marked bland, that even the conceited questioner saw beneath them irony nnd contempt, and changed his theme aud place abruptly. The next moment Annie's sister drew her from the room for air, with a face white as a snowy- wreath. It was a momentary faiutness, she said, from standing there so long in the perfume of the flowers. It was quite over now ; hnd she hastened back, as though fearful that some ono else should note the vacillation, Re-entering the festal scene, her eye in voluntarily sought around till it fell upon Arthur. He was in another part of the room, addressing with the grace for which lie was eminent a beautiful young lady, the belle of the evening. Annie observed that the young lady blushed, and her luminous eyes softeued lieneatli the look that was upon tliern ; and a pang of jealousy, a sen sation of injury swept her bosom. It wus diffi cult in that moment to feel herself only a divorced wife ; but she roused her self-command, rallied her spirits, and was gayer and mora brilliant for the rest of the evening. There was a lonely, wooded dell close by the river side, a quarter of a mile from the family country seat, whose carpet of moss, when summer time came, yielded often to a mournful tread. |ts wild flowers were wet with nightly dews, biit more by daily tears 1 Oh ! Annie Clyde was in secret very wretched.' So the season waxed and waned, and the household prepared to return to town. Annie dreading the removal for tho change in her habits which it must demand, despising society now more than she had ever esteemed it, paid a fure- well visit to the spot wliero she had hidden her anguish a9 0110 might hide a thing coveted. It wa9 a sombre afternoon ; fitful winds rent hand fills of faded leaves from tho boughs ; flocks cf birds sent forth a wailing chirp hovering over flower-stalks dead and rustling ; the river frowned hack to the frowning clouds, coursing oa between its sere hanks. Annie took her familiar stat ut the foot of a giant tiee, which seemed deep rooted like her sorrow, and there for hours enjoyed the sympathy which nature offered. At last she heard (did she not hear a sound ?) a sound likua near footstep. She had sometimes thought she heard the same when here on other days ; but listening to the stillness, had thought it mere fancy — ir, if more, still hut the bounding of a hare or a squirrel among the leaves. This time, however, the sounds were repeated, and there was a sudden agitation of tho encircling shrubs densely festooned with wild grape whose burdening clusters had fallen to tho ground un- plueked. Adelia, anxious lest she wus exposing her health, had sought her out. I bus thought Annie, hut with a tremour of her unstrung nerves, and n gasping' of the breath that was tnoro and more drawn in painful sighs. She had risen, with u hasty putting back of her dishevelled hair, and taking up tho mantle which had fallen from her shoulders unheeded. The vines and brandies were cleft asunder by a strong hand, and to her feet advanced Arthur Maylmry ! Annie sank into her seat faint and bewildered, without the power of articulating a syllable. Speechless a9 herself, Arthur knelt before her, took botli her hands in his own, bowed his fore head to her knee, ami rested it there. She bent her head upon his ; and thus their humbled spirits communed together, baptising themselves with contrition before heaven, and rising to newness of purpose aud a higher appreciation of the mortal mission. Stars lighted their pathway out of the grove, anil seemed an alphabet of love which they had never learned- rightly till now. A few days later the broken band of Hymen wti3 reunited with deeper significance, with better hopes and holier aspirations on the part of those who9D experience apart had been -so rifo with unhappiness. It was on the anniversary of their divorce that Arthur tiiid Annie-chose their seats on the deck of the Golden Petrel, about to weigh anchor for the shining shores of California — their chosen luture home. " One year," said tho wife, softly, " since our hopes perished 30 violently. Our heirts term of mourning is over, for those hopes have burst their cerements and coma forth as by a miracle." " Again and again," returned the husband, " did I follow you, Annie, to your wildwood re treat, watching (oil, how earnest Iy1) to read your heart in secret as I had never been able to do in public, and see if it shared anything of the regret which wus consuming my "life. Words cannot describe the joy of that moment when at last I dared to woo you to he my bride a second time." There was a murmured interchange of endear ing words ami an interval of silence. " Do you remember," said Arthur again, " the evening in the gay company when we so sud denly met eye to eye ? What an impulse I felt to revenge myself on the miserable fop who referred to you with such bold admiration 1" Annie smiled ns she recalled her own emotions on the occasion, and compared them with those just now confessed. Then forgetting the things that were behind, they talked hopefully of what was before. And when evening came, and the panorama was waters with only a belt of land fust declining beyond it, while the new moon cast oblique shadows over the dock nnd behind the flight of the Golden Petrel, their rich voices mingled in a song whoso burden was of affection which i9 all unmeasured by ocean, and which, though suns set and moons wane, ever increases more and more. Then amid the encores of their fellow passengers, their hearts responded — " Eureka ! — we have found it !" Where west winds bear the Pacific spray like raiiibow clouds, is a little Eden home, with the tree of Love, zealously guarded, growing in the midst. Two cherub children of twin birth toddle forth hand in hand to gather bright flowers that cover the landscape as a robe of costly. splendour the person of some eastern monarch. I cannot ask the reader — Do you find this a pleasant fiction ? — for it is not fiction. It is a sketch from real. life, which some who peruse it will surely recognise, and say — " Here are old friends, only with new names." Tatt : Printed and published by Jama John Broun, tbU proprietor, at the " Courier" Central Printing Office, Raiti- ttreel, Tat, in >he ChUmy o/ Wne South Walu. 