VALEDICTORY MEETING TO THE REV. JOHN WATSFORD. A farewell meeting to the Rev. John Wats- <*> ford was held in the Pirie- street Church on Monday evening, April 6. Despite the extreme inclemency of the weather, the attendance was very large, and Mr. J. B. Hack presided. After the customary singing and prayer, The Chaibman appropriately introduced the business of the evening, and in the course of his -remarks referred to the great work which Mr. Watsford, during his residence in the colon; by the providence of God, had been in strumental in effecting, and complimented him npon the manly manner in which he had de nounced Popery. The Rev. Mr. Watsfobd then gave a brief resume of his lecture on " Six years in South Australia, and what I think of if After some prefatory sentences he proceeded to point out that he was weU acquainted with South Australia, having travelled from Mount Gambier on the one hand to Port Lincoln on the other. He did not, however, give that lecture as the representative of the Wesleyan body, but as his personal opinions, founded upon somewhat extensive observation. He then treated upon the poor man's chances of success in South Australia, the character of the metropolis, the climate, and the morals of the people. In spea*ring of the press, he ob served that since the previous delivery of that lecture, he had been frequently attacked, and his lecture brought again and again befo c the pubUc, but when any respectable and intelligent portion of the press descended to personal attack and ridicule, he had nothing more to say. (Applause.) With regard to politics and politicians, he thought religious men ought not to shrink at going into Parliament and he held tbat every Christian man should record his vote. He disapproved of religious men getting into the poUtical squabbles which were so common, but at the same time he contended that they should honestly and fairly record their votes, and not permit a few to send in whom they chose to Parliament (Applause.) As regarded the Churches, he regretted his re marks had occasioned so much ill-feeling, for he could assure them what he said he had given expression to with the greatest possible kind liness and charity. He bad been in the world long enough to know that those who Uved in glass houses not uncommonly were in the habit of throwing Btones, but in the event of a pebble being returned, they at once made a great cry. The Church with which he was con nected was so often the subject of unfavorable criticism, that they had become quite accus tomed to it (Applause.) He had fully, he o'-raerved, determined to make the statements he did respecting their Baptist friends and the Roman Catholic Church. He strongly censured those persons who would have them "with bated breath and whisperings low" speak of Popery. (Applause.) What he said at North Adelaide, when speaking of their Independent friends, was, that he respected tbeir ministers; that whilst their organization failed to reach sparsely populated dis tricts, it did weU in centred of popu lations ; and that he hoped rationalism -would not creep into their Church here. He was sure any of their ministers would agree with him that it had tainted some of their ministers in England, and he was certain no one would find fault with him for expressing such a kindly hope. (Applause.) In alluding to the Baptists, he -recapitulated his previous observations, remarking that he should ever stick up for the old Bible as they now pos sessed it (AppUuse.) He repudiated the assertion that the Baptist version emanated from the Christians of America generaUy, and asked how Wesleyans could be ex pected to encourage the circulation of a version which, amongst other enormities, rendered the verse, " In those days came John the Baptist preaching in tbe wilderness," into " In those days came John the Immerser preaching in the wilderness." The Baptist version in comparison with the authorised version was as milk and water. (Applause.) A good deal had been said about a creed standing between them as Methodists and the Bible. By a creed he un derstood settled views respecting religion, and if some people had not such views he could not help it (A laugh and hear, hear.) They believed there was one God, and they never expected to find in the Bible that there were twenty. They believed tbat Christ died for all men, and they did not expect to find that he only died for some. (Applause.) Reference was then- made to his connection with the Pine-street Church, and subsequently with the Archer-street, aud to the fact that during the past six years the members of the Wesleyan Church had been augmented to the extent of 2,000. In conclusion he requested their prayers occasionally on his behalf, and if he had done anything to grieve anybody when he should not have done so, he hoped tbey would forgive and forget it, and he prayed that they and he might meet at His right hand above. The rev. gentle man sat down amid much applause. The Rev. J. G. Mttt.jpti briefly addressed the meeting, expressing, as the representative of the ministers, their most hearty and cordial thanks to the Rev. Mr. Watsford for the service he had rendered the Wesleyan cause in this colony. He alluded to his long acquaintance with Mr. Watsford, and bis many excellent qualities. He possessed the power of winning sonls, and when he said tbat he gave utterance to the highest praise that could be spoken of a Minister. (Applause.) At the last district meeting every effort was made to retain Mr. Watsford, but they had been ineffcctual,andhewasnoi-'aboutleaving. He was convinced, however, that he would be the means of accomplishing great good in tbe field of labor to which he was proceeding. The Rev. Henet Bath foUowed, and in a few excellent remarks alluded to the many great advantages which be had derived from an acquaintance with the Rev. Mr. Watsford, who be said bad been to bim in reality a Christian bishop. He asserted that Mr. Wats ford's name was loved in the country, and that he would be ever held in fond remem brance by many. He earnestly hoped that he would fill the position in Ballarat which he was about to occupy as weU as he h id fulfilled the duties appertaining to the office of District Chairman. (Applaucs.) Mr. Johu CoLTO-f, in a laudatory and suit able speech, presented the Rev. Mr. Watsford with an address and a testimonial consisting of £120, which was contained in a purse beau tifully worked inbeadsby alady, and bearing the rev. gentleman's initials. He (Sir. Colton) also announced that—" The Book Committee have directed the Secretary to obtain Dr. W. Smith's 'Dictionary of the Bible,' in 3 vols., and the 'Classical Dictionary,' compiled from the six laiger volumes of antiquities, all uniformly half-bound, and present the same to the Rev. Jno. Watsford, in each -.oluuie of which the foUowing is to be inscribed: — ' Pre sented to the Rev. John Watsford, by the Committee of the "Wesleyan Book Depot Adelaide, as a token of their appreciation of his valuable and disinterested services as Book Steward, since the formation of the Book Depot—G. W. Cotton, Secretary. By order and on behalf of the Committee." Mr. Colton intimated that it was anticipated the books would cost from £8 to £10, but they were an exceedingly poor recognition of Mr. Watsford's very valuable services. (Applause.) The foUowing is a copy of the address :— "To the Rev. John Watsford, Chairman of the South Australian Distric of the Wesleyan Methodist Church in Australasia. " Reverend and Dear Sir —Now that it has fallen to you, by the appointment of Conference, to leave this colony after a residence of six years, during the whole of which time you hive held the office of Chairman of this district, we, on behalf of the Wesleyan Methodist Church in this colony, desire to present to you a few parting words. In reviewing the past we remember how on your first arrival among us the Great Master poured forth His spirit and many souls were brought to Himself in the place where we are now assembled, as weU as throughout the circuit and district; how you engaged the attention and arrested the sympathies of the young and the enquiring, and founded one of the most flourishing Young Men's Associations for mutual improvement that has ever been raised up in this colony, and by attractive and instructive lectures, sustained the interest first awakened; whilst these lectures, which have cost you so mnch time and labor to prepare, have been gratuitously and cheerfully given to aid the funds of any of our societies throughout the colony, and up to this day you have in various ways brought into operation the Tpn-rim so long acknowledged, that in the Methodist Church there is work for every man, and every man for his work —a truth that never failed to ensure success. i Nor can we over forget how you sought to perfect and bring to a practical result the long-entertained desire of South,,-Aus tralian Methodists for a College second to none in tbe colonies, for the purpose of imparling a sound education in connection with our own denominational views, till the first stage of the CoUege buildings has been com gleted, and the date of opening the Collegiate chool fixed ; moreovei, with the same object of religious and social enlightenment, assisted "by the cordial co-operation of our ministers and many of our leading members, you bave suc ceeded in establishing a Book-room and a magazine, thus affording easier access to the "Wesleyan Uterature of the fatherland, and a medium for the interchange of thought within our own border. "But while conducting aU these arduous un dertakings, and caring for the general welfare of the Church of which you had the oversight, you bave never for a moment lost sight of the special work of the ministry to save souls from death, so that your own naturally robust health has more than once been endangered, and the Church has had to pray you to forget for a_ moment the urgency of the present that you might be spared for work in the future. As a small token of our esteem we now beg your acceptance of a testimonial gift of £120 subscribed by friends residing in various parts of the district, who in this way wish to show their appreciation of your valuable labors while amongst us. " We- now, in the name of our Lord and Saviour Jesus Christ meet you probably for tl c last time in this house of God, where we have so often together realised His presence, and unitedly join in fervent prayers to Him for His richest blessing upon yourself, Mis. Watsford, and family, and that walking in the light of God's countenance you may continue to torn many to righteousness, and thus by a divinely appointed consequence 'shine as the stars for ever and ever' in that Heaven to which for the sake of our Great Redeemer we aU hope to attain and to be for ever with the Lord. On behalf of this Wesleyan Methodist Church in this colony. " We are, Rev. and Dear Sir, " Yours faithfully and affectionately.'' (.Here foUowed the names of the Committee.] The Rev. Mr. Watsford, on rising to reply, was greeted with loud and prolonged applause. He said he resUy did not know how to reply to the address. He heartily thanked tbem for their kindness in aU this. When he came to the colony he came detenruned to try and save the souls of the people, and be beUeved be bad been constantly woriri-ig to attain that end. (Ap plause.) Yet he had had. to do with the forma tion of Young Men's Associations, and he was confident they had conduced to the great object he had in view. In going into tiie College affair, he beUeved it would be instrumental in giving their young men education, thereby pro perly qualifying them for the work of the ininistry and of saving souls. (Applause.) He had felt deeply interested in the book depot, for he had been anxious that suitable Uterature might be obtainable for their Sunday-schools and their members. He rejoiced in the fact that the depot bad been a great success - (applause) —and he was persuade l the college movement would be equaUy so. (Hear, hear.) He was sure from past experience—for itwas easuy dis cernible—that God was with their Church, and if God were for them and with them who could be against them? (Applause.) He had great faith in this, and held that they had not only to preach the Gospel but to look for the power of the Holy Ghost, and whUe they did that they were certain to receive the blessing_ of God, It was their duty to co-operate wi'.h Him in beseeching men that they receive not the grace of God in vain, and in doing so they would most undoubtedly receive the divine approbation and blessing. (Applause.) He again thanked them for the address which they had given him, and the purse of money, which would prove very useful just now, for he did not leave South Australia by any means a rich man. In their kindness he recogni ed the goodness of his Heavenly Father. He was going to Ballarat, and he was satisfied he would not be there lon-j before he would be a tho roughly BaU rat man, and completely iden tified with its interests. (Applause.) He could without fear of contradiction say that i during his residence in this colony he had en deavored to act honestly with every man, and had never made any difference between his respect for the gentleman and the poor man. (Hear, hear, and applause.) He assured them he should remember them till life closed, and his prayer was that God wonld bless them aU and save them for ever. (Continued applause.) Mr. Jas. Scott, in complimentary terms, proposed " That the thanks of this meeting be given to the Rev. Mr. Watsford for his very exceUent lecture." Mr. J. D. Hill seconded, and bore testimony to Mr. Watsford's great meiit as a lecturer. Mr. Wit. King supported tbe proposition, and referred in eloquent words to tbe good which Mr. Watsford had done in the establishment of a Working '.fen's Associa tion in North Adelaide. In the course of his remarks, he took occasion to wish Mr. Wats ford success, equal to that which had attended him iv this province. (Applause.) The Rev. Mr. Watsford returned thanks, and remarked that his lecture on " Courtship and Marriage"' alone had been the means of raising £500. On the motion of Mr. L. Roach, seconded by Mr. Rhodes, the usual compliment was accorded to the Chairman, after which the pro ceedings closed with the singing of the doxology and pronouncing of the benediction. 