MELB0UKNT3. [from ODE COHBESrOXDENT.] Monday, June 1. Mr John White in an has come forward to solicit the suffrages of the Emerald Hill electors, and his friends, who are numerous, are concerting energetic measures to secure his return. It is very generally thought" that - Mr Whiteman has claims on the' Emerald Hill people, which they are not slow to recognise and acknowledge. Of course there is sure to be an opposition member started. The name of Mr G. AL Byrne has been put forward as the man, but that eminent barrister lias not the ghost of a chance, and it is not at all likely that his party will trust their fortunes in his hands. There is Eome talk of Mr Eerguson, a gentleman of great local in fluence, coming forward on the Loyalist side. It may be recollected by ■ some that Mr Ferguson contested an election against Mr K. S. Henderson, and only lost the " Hill" by 30 rotes. However, in the meantime, the only man in the field is Mr "Whiteman, and if his success follows his deserts, his election is sure. Many other names have been mentioned in connection with the Emerald Hill election to-day, and amongst others that of Mr Service, but I believe this rumour has no foundation. To-day being Whit-Monday, has been observed as a general holiday in the Law Courts and all the Government offices. The case of violent assault committed on Mr Harwood of the Theatre Royal, came before the police court this morning, when Jonathan Williams charged with the offence, was placed in the dock. Mr Har wood was also present, but the case had to stand over owing to the absence of the clerk to take down the depositions, as in all likelihood the assault will form matter for adjudication in a higher court. Wi.lia.ms was allowed bail in two sureties of iS50 each. The circumstances of the assault as described by an eye-witness were theseMr Harwood in walking through the vestibule of the theatre saw Williams aud curdy asked him to leave the "building. "Words were than exchanged between the parties and subsequently blows, and daring the melee Williams drew a "neddy" and struck Mr Harwood on the head inflicting some ngly wounds. Mr Montgomery came to the rescue at this moment, and with others succeeded - in quieting the assailant, who was given in custody but bailed out shortly afterwards. Mr Harwood, although badly beaten, forced himself to appear on the Btage and take part in the play then being en acted. The circumstances of the row were explained to the audience by HrMont ffomerv. The press generally, more especially those devoted to sporting matters, speak'very/ highly of Dr L. L. Smith's Stud Distribu tion, and they do so the uiore because it appears the Doctor gives them plenty for their money, In plain words, nothing has. been over-rated, and the wliolo has been' issued without any puffery usual upon these occasions. The chief prize, exclusive of the' farm, is Melancholy Jacques, the promising two-year-old, who has won the Sapling Stakes in Melbourne, and ran second for tbe Champagne Stakes and Maideu Plate at Sydney,' He is entered for every en gagement of importance in the colonies, and there are some -So00 stakes, the Derby for instance, besides about JJ60Q subscribed to be run for. They offer .21000 for him in Sydney, where he is in training tor the' Derby' there under Sam Holmes. Lady Manners Sutton, it is well known the Doc tor bought in. for .£1000 at Kirk's Bazaar, and the farm is, we beliove, worth about .£1500; then there is L;«iashire Witch, L.L., No Surrender, Le Beau, and a list of others, including splen did brood mares. - The tickets are going off rapidly in Melbourne and Sydney, and even Mr Coker, the betting man and owner of the Varieties, has purchased 40 tickets on spec., raffles them according to advertise ment, 400 members at 10s each. Alto-, gether tbe public feel so satisfied that they have the value for their money, that the tickets it is expected will shortly ha at a premium. The Oc newspaper appears to-day in its reduced size and price. If its statement is to be believed its circulation has increased from 2000 to 13,0()0 in a marvellously short sauce of time, and in anticipation of what may happen to the Age, they apologise in' prospect for that happy time when adver tisemenis will be so abundant they will be crowded out through want of space. It woidd "also appear that the revolution which' has taken place in the price of the -pe is likely to tempt other newspaper ven tures into the field. Anew weekly, under' the title of P«sgaui is published, and.I hear that a second evening paper is about to be started. , ;A : man. named Douglas was arrested to-day upon warrant, charged with stealing a buggy and pair of grey horses from Mr E. H. Smith, during the progress •: iiiciimond Borough election. The car riage and pair were standing in the street unattended, and. Douglas took charge of them. Two yoong lads were fined 20s to-day in the Police' Court, for smoking ia a -railway carriage after haying been cautioned by the 3tation-master at Richmond. Several books have been mis3ed lately from the Melbourne Public Library, and a foreigner has been arrested on the charge of stealing them. The case was remanded till Fiiday. I have lately been philosophising on the fart; that some portion of the press is nor only following the Americans in price, bat aljso in quality. There is nothing by which y«u know an American paper so easily as by its low and scurrilous tone. The ab sence of any English fair-play criticism; and the screening of anything wrong that may be done by one of its own party.The' scurvy translation of the-' - Governor's speech was fit only for a cheap and nastyj publication. What is the use of spending large sums of money for education if thi3 shrtdf rubbish is to poiscn the publicmind on. the .other hand I think it; speaks'; weU; for the colony thatit has a leading journal that can afford to speak out boldly anything it. has to say about Mr Moffatt, or any other man, no matter how rich or great they may be Your readers will be; glad to see how telling the. Argus to-day speaks about Bright Brothers, ' in bringing • an action against a widow. I hope they .will have" something to say about Mr.Kyte and-Mr Money Miller and the interest they take in government contracts. i 