TOPICS OF THE DAY. The English mail was due at King George's Sound on Thursday, the 4th, and may be expected to arrive here on Monday, the 8th. On Thursday evening "Arrah-na- Pogue" and "A. S. S." were repeated at the Theatre lloyal to a poor bouse. The next lecture of the present scries will be delivered at the South Australian Insti tute this evening, liy the Rev. J. E. Tenison Woods, oil "South Australian Geology."' On Thursday morning, 4th instant, a yoang man, mined George Lane, was conveyed to the Hosnit.il suffering from several bruises on the back which were caused by a dray-load of earth falling on him whilst eug- tged in e.irt ing on the Park Land?. We beg to remind our readers of Madame Anna Bishop's complimentary concert to Mr. George Loder, which is to take place at White's Rooms, this evening. The talent of the performers, and the worthiness cf the ob ject, ought to secure a large attendance. This is announced as Madame Bishop's farewell con cert, and she will be assisted by Mr. C. Las celles, Mr. F. EllarJ, and Mr. Luder. The third and last number of Our Tinus was published on Thursday. It fully sustained the reputation won by the first number, and contained some pleasant reading. It was almost '< too soon for our youthful contemporary to die; but it has answered its object, and doting its brief existence it made many frieuds, and it dies without leaving one enemy. Can we say more in its praise? We understand that the net pro ceeds was over £25. On Wednesday morning a man named Richard Nurse was admitted to the Hospital j suffering from a compound dislocation of the left ancle. It ippt-ara ho was engaged in paint- ! ing a house at Steelton, when one of the pieces of timber used for sustaining the scaffold boards alippc-d out of the hole in the walL This caused the boards upon which the man was standing to tip, thereby precipitating him on the ground. Oa Ihursday, about 1 o'clock, the lower part of the leg was amputate'], and tUe man is now progressing as satisfactorily as can be expected. A laborer named Benjamin Davis, re siding at the Portland Estate, died suddenly on Wednesday night. He wa? at woifc during the day, and iv the evening attended a prayer meeting held at the 6chool-house in the district, and it was whilst he was in the act of rising from his kncea that lie fell backwards and shortly after expired. Dr. Gethnur, on making an examination of the body, pronounced his opinion that the cause of death was disease of tlie heart. The Coroner, therefore, did not consider an inquest necessary. The deceased will be buried to-morrow in the Albtt-ton Ceme tery, and the brethren of the Duke of Portland Lodge of Oddfellows are requested to fol'ow the remains to their last resting place. The bazaar in aid of the Draper Memo rial church was opened for the third time on Thursday, June 4. The attendance during the afternoon was not large, but in the evening there was a consiJerable number present. The amount tak-n was over £120, which, addd to the £-150, brings the amount up to £770. We would point out that this sum is the result of actual sales; raffles, post-offices, &c;, net being permitted. The bazaar will remain open to day an.\ to-morrow, when the Sunday- school children will sing as usual, and a great reduc tion will ba mad - in the prices of the articles. The admission fee will be iho same as hitherto, but the value will be returned in goods. A treat, which we hope will be repeated every year, was given to the children attending St. Peter's Sunday School, Williamstuwn, on Wbitsun-Tuesday, June 2. The children :,s -sumblcd at the Church at 3.30 p.m., when evensong was sung and a short addrobs given. After service, the children, h?ad.<d liy tbc clergy, marched to the school- room with banners flying, and tinging "Cod Save tbe Queen." When tea was finished the room was arranged for tlie evening entertainment, wliich cunsUted of rea lings from uvU-kuown authors, :Jid of singing by the Church choir and school children. The audience was very numerous, completely filling the room, and all fully en joyed the entertainment provided for them. The following communication has been sent us from Gawler Town: —There is a very use ful institution, called the Christian DoctrineCon fraternity, which has for some time past been in active operation, under the guidance of its indefatigable and much esteemed President, the Rev. Father Reynolds, pastor of St. Peter and St. Paul's, Gawler. It has for its object the religious instruction on the Sunday after noons of the young, by means of teachers and catechists. The number of children under its care is at the present time nearly 140. The Vice- President of the Confraternity, is Mr. Lawrence Purcell, sen., and the Secretary Mr. James Callaghan. The beneficial effects of this pious occupation of tbe youthful mind during the leisure hours of the Sabbath are being felt under a social point of view, and are, I under stand, still more satisfactory to the parents and friends specially interested, and their anxiously zealous pastor. It will be known to antiquarian students and the readers of ecclesiastical his tory that our Whitsuntide is a derivative from White Sunday, the anniversary of the Jewish Pentecostal Feast, when the Apostles were " baptised with the Holy Ghost and with fire," and began their ministry by baptising three thousand converts to Christianity. It is stated on authority, the soundness of which is con firmed by thc custom continued among Catholic Christians, that recipients of the rite of baptism were accustomed to bo clad on the occasion in white, as emblematic of tbe spiritual purity supposed to be conferred thereby, and hence the ancient name Dominica Alba. Protestant Churches afford similar testimony; as, for in stance, there is an annual procession of the Church of England Sunday schools in Man chester on Whit Monday, to the number of 20,000, the girls, who form the greater number, being clad in white dresses and white caps. The baptismal font was from an early period hallowed or solemnly appropriated to the office of baptism on the eves of Easter-Day and Whit-Sunday, when there was an appropriate service called " Fonthallowing." We learn, this, among other sources of information, from a manuscript volume of homilies in the Har leian department of the British Museum, which informs us that, "In the begynnyng of holy ' Chirch, all the childeren weren kept to be crystened on this even, at the fonthallowing ; but now for enchesone that in so long abydynge they might dye without cryetendome, therefor." holy Chirch ordeyneth to crysten at all times of the yeare, save eyght dayes before these evenyns, the childe shall abyde till the font hallowing, if it may savely for perrill of .death, or ells not." A number of the catechumens of the Gawler C. D. Confraternity were admitted to the rite of baptism at Easter; and as such, appeared neatly clad and veiled in white last Sabbath. On the following day, according to pre-arrangement, Father Reynolds enter tained the whole of the members of the Confraternity and others, to the number of two hundred, at a most hospitable fete champetre, given at Mr. James Kain's prettily-situated farm about four miles down the Gawler River. The convoy, which con sisted of nine waggons, with other convey ances and horsemen, started from the Presby tery at 10 o'clock, headed by the superb silken banner of tbe Confraternity, bearing the beau tiful Christian motto, " Oportet nos in cruce gloriaii," national colors bringing up the rear. On arriving at Buncrana Park, the name of Mr. Kain's new property (which he is improving with an amount of taste that contrasts strongly with the miserable wombat-holes with which so many of our small farmers content themselves), the company sang Cardinal Wiseman's beautiful ode, "God bless the Pope." Various healthy amusements were then entered upon by the young, the day being most delightful, while the matrons prepared a spread of varied substantial fare suited for all ages and appetites, the pre vailing liquid being the cup that cheers and does not cloud, the worthy pastor superintending both the pastime and commissariat depart ments with untiring animation throughout tbe day, the sweetest and concluding feature of the entertainment being a huge tin of lollies, which apparently seemed to please the palates of old as well as young. Music, vocal and instrumental, lent its charm to the cheerful hours, and at 4 o'clock the signal was given of "Haste to the Waggon." The com pany, after singing the National Anthem and the " Song of Australia," gave hearty cheers for the owner of Buncrana, whose neat little resi dence was also the sceneof hospitality to neighbors and friends during the day. The entire party reached their former rendezvous, the Presby tery, at sunset, where the Evening Hymn was sung, and cheers given for the Pope, tbe Queen, the teachers of the Confraternity, and its excel lent President, whose bountiful and agreeable treat will, no doubt, be long remembered and well remembered as a species of rational relax ation and enjoyment, contrasting strongly with the Whitsun- ales, the excesses, and immoral customs of our much-belauded forefathers. A quantity of the broken victuals was distributed among the poor of the congregation on the fol lowing morning. 