INQUESTS. Death feom Intemperance. — The City Coroner helS an inquiry on Monday, at the Forth, and Clyde Hotel, Cumberland-street, respecting the death of a woman, named Mary Wild. Bichard wild, landlord of the Dog and Duck pubfic-houEe, Gloucester- street, and husband of the de ceased, staled that his wife vrafi in the habit of occasionally drinking to excess ; sometime ago Dr. Wright warned her acainsther drinking habits ; Dr. Wright had been attend ing her off and on for the last seven years ; about a fort night ago (he again commenced drinking, and one day -whilst he mis at the nest door neighbour's, she fell down under the counter in the bar ; he was informed of the circumstance, and immediately ivcnt home and put her to bed ; he had had no quarrel with his wife during the past fortnight nor had he ever struck her with a stick or iron bur : if she told Dr. Eichler last week that tho bruises on. her body had been caused by his (witness) having behten her it was false ; after being put to bed the deceased con tinued drinking, and towards the latter part of last week ho sent for Dr. Dichler to see her ; Dr. Eichler did not pre scribe for her, as he said he did not think it worth while to do so; last Saturday morning she was in a very low con dition, and he sent for Dr. Shaw; Dr. Shaw wrote out a prescription for some medicine which was to be given her every two hours; he had the prescription made up, and gave ber one dose, but before two hours elapsed she died ; he could only account for the marks on her body by her falling about whilst intoxicated ; for the last ten years die had been in the habit of occasionally getting drunk, some times for two or three days together, sometimes for two or three weeks. Johannah M'Grnth, domestic servant, stated that she had been in Mrs. Wild's scrvice about eight or ten days ; during that time the had never heard any quarrel between her master and mistress, nor did her mistress ever complain of having been beaten by her husband. Dr. Eichler stated that he had known the deceased for some time ; on last Thursday ho was called upon her to sec her ; she appeared to be suffering fiom the Effects of drink ; when he went to her residence, she came cut of her room and exclaimed ' Oh, dear, doc tor, I sm glad you are come, I am nearly dead;' on inquiring her complaint she said, ' My hnsband has been maltreating me with an iron bar,' at the same time pointing out an iron bar to him ; it was a square bar of iron, about three feet in length; on examining her, he found bruises on different parts of her body; he prescribed for her, and recommended her te abstain from drinking ; he told Mr. Wild what his wife had said, and Mr. Wild replied that he had to protect him self ; he saw no more ef the deceased, until, in conjunction with Dr. Shaw, he made a post mortem examination of her body; the result of that post mortem examination had convinced him that the bruises did not in any way contri bute to her death, but that she died from exhaustion conse quent upon inflammation of the bowels. Dr. Shaw stated that when he saw the deceased on Saturday she complained of having been beaten by her husband ; the post mortem examination had convincingly proved to him that death resulted from collapse, produced by inflamma tion, running on to tho incipient gangrene of the duodenum; he did not consider the marks of injury on her body had any direct influence on her death. Vcrdict : Died from inflammation of the bowels, produced by excessive indulgence in intoxicating drinks. The Late Fatal Accident in Newcastle Har iioun. — The body of the unfortunate man Wilson (says the Chronicle) who was accidentally drowned in the har bour on the 10th instant, was found floating in the river, between Tomogo and Hexham, early on Monday morning, snd conveyed hither in the steamer. An inquest was held on tho body at the Tost Office Hotel, Blanc-street, in tho evening, before Dr. Ficrce, coroner, and the usual juiy. No particulars conccming the accident beyond those which have already appeared transpired. A vcrdict of accidental drowning was returned. The Govehnoushii' of Mauritius. — We extract tbo following from the Port 2-lu.ol)Cth Telegraph (Cape of Good Hope) ; — ' It affords us much pleasure to state that, on good uutlioritv we have heard that Mojor-General Bissct, C.B., formerly Administrator of the Government of Natal, ?for monv years on the staff of this colony, and an old Kafir wor-offictr, has received tho substantial appointment of Governor of Mauritius, at a salary of £7000 per annum, rendered vacant by the resignation of Sir Henry Barkly. AVe believe the galhint general had the choice of two gover norships, tbat of Malta or Mauritius, and, as wg have heard, ho electcd to accept tho latter. Wc congratulate Mojor-General BisEet on his promotion, and sincerely hope he Liny live many years to enjoy his deserved advance ment.' The Mocit' Count.— Tho Brisbane Courier of 13th m stimt contains the following paragraph ' It is pretty well known that the illustrious stranger who lately honoured our por r city with hiB presence, under tho style, title, anddignity of theC'ountvonAtteEiB,is the individual wlio; inourSydnoy telegram on Tuesday, was said to have obtained largo ad vances in that cityj on fictitious papers. aro sorry to say that he managed, during his short stay here, to walk isto the good graces of some of our citizens, and to make rather heavy drafts on thelr bankors. His countship, it will be remembered, left Brisbane in that ronowned craft the Hamlet's Ghost, tho history of which vosBel ought to bo written some day ; and he has last been heard of at Clove land Bay. A warrant is out for his apprehension, aad troopers have been dispatched overland from Port Denison to secure him if possible beforo ho makos a doacont on our iriendB in Batavia. Wo failod lo notico tho Count as he deserved when ho was in Brisbano, but * n-,.—.. , again, especially with the order which to bheriffof Uumm land desires to ionfer on him on his mour's decorations athis * amends for our fonncr neglect of Son MWte, 